“Yeah. Honeymoon with my assassin wife. I remember.” John bitterly said.
“You know anatomy,” Mary said, and he hated how well she could read him, how good she had been at using that knowledge against him – and John. “I trust you won’t bleed to death. That would be a shame. C’mon, off you go…”
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow and his medical chart and the folder ended up on the floor when he threw the hospital blanket aside. John got up from his chair, but he might very well have been on Mars; the two men were looking at each other, challenging each other with their eyes. Sherlock had already walked that day, more than he should have, he was running a bloody
The only thing she still cared about was knowing, and she was acutely aware of the fact that Sherlock could use that to his own advantage, to buy time, to deny her the only thing she wanted, to have some payback.
It didn't matter.
If he had more time, if his gut wasn’t telling him that it couldn’t possibly be a coincidence that both his sources and the woman’s had come up with Brian Cooper’s name in relation to the woman known as Mary Morstan and a highly classified file involving Sherlock and a mission for MI6, he would ask to see the video, to examine it himself, even if it wasn’t his area of expertise. He had seen people getting shot to the head, though. He
He shut the door. He had to.
"Why didn't you tell us?" John said.
were there. I could not stop thinking about you. I could not get you out of my head."
“Yes, sir,” Anthea replied.
There was an edge of annoyance in his voice and John couldn’t honestly tell whether it was jealousy or contempt toward Mary. He shrugged and asked, “What did I say?”
Mary laughed at his words. She was not mocking him, hers was a genuine laugh; as if he had said something hilarious.
Jim Moriarty was dancing behind Mycroft, that was how he knew that the feeble tether to consciousness was fading. Mary had unlocked the door and his brother was an idiot.
wasn't fooled because she was showing him all the cracks in the facade. John, though, was another matter. John was not stupid, far from it,  but he wasn't like
was threatening each move he was making, each thought he was having.
“I – I think she’ll want to settle the score with me.” John said, ignoring the cavalier way Sherlock had talked about being shot.
When Sherlock Holmes met John Watson he hadn't had sex for about five years. He had not missed it, on the contrary, life had become simpler, cleaner, free from useless distractions.
That might be just a job to Drake, but it was
Sherlock was shivering and he was pretty sure it was not for the cold. Delayed shock reaction. Sherlock might be a highly rational person, but his life had turned upside down in the span of a day, it was a goddamn miracle he was not having a mental breakdown, especially after –
John wondered whether Sherlock realized that he still danced around the words. Even after the previous night, even after he had told him the gist of what had happened.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but then he said, setting aside the subject of their relationship (and Mycroft’s nosiness), “I sincerely doubt that he took you outside to talk about this. About
“I was trying to save Catherine – and us. I couldn’t let her understand that I suspected about her plan, not then.” Sherlock had explained.
He would always regret that.
It was the truth. The codes he had cracked when he was young and full of hubris (even more than he was now) and his veins had craved the needle and what it promised, had made him responsible for a lot of people’s deaths.
The man’s green eyes lit up with fondness and he nodded, “I would be honoured to be her godfather.”
Mary nodded, “Pretty much.”
Sherlock had told him he tried to learn from his mistakes - he had called for back up, and even then he had suspected he was Bennett's intended victim. And he hadn't told him! So much for learning from his mistakes!
” He grinned, “He used to at least apologize when Sherlock was a complete arsehole – “
Sherlock was holding up remarkably well under the circumstances. Sherlock must surely know he was there, in the building, possibly in the next room. Sherlock hadn’t pushed as much as he could have under other circumstances, but Mycroft conceded there wasn’t enough time and that was not the right place.
It was a lie. It had to be.  Even Moriarty had had people who helped him, with whom he was in constant contact.
“Where. Is. He?” Sherlock asked. There was no point in telling John that he had no reason to be sorry or to play coy with Mary – or whichever her real name was.
“And I’m not
It didn’t hurt any less.
The house in itself was absolutely nondescript – there was nothing out of place, nothing that stood out, much like Herman Bennett’s house. He wondered whether someone was actually following the money – keeping tabs on who in the bloody hell had bought those properties. In his experience, following the money, got results.
Drake’s smile disappeared, “He knew it was a trap, I had been informed it was not the first time either. This reminds me of that day.”
She moved a step toward him and Sherlock finally recognised the woman he had seen in Magnussen's bedroom. A fragment of truth, at long last.
“No, listen to me! You have walked away from me how many times? It doesn’t work! It never works!” John exclaimed. Another step and the distance between them disappeared, and John’s pale hands were on the lapels of his coat, grabbing it.
The thing was that Bennett couldn't just disappear, he couldn't be given pentothal or some variation of it, the information they needed couldn't be gained by
Yes. He could see from the turn of his lips and the way he had adjusted on the seat that Mycroft was worried about him. Did he deduce that Moriarty's name on his chest itched and burned?
"And after that? Are you going to track down all my enemies? It might take a while. Don't you have a country to run, brother dear?" Sherlock said, and the vehemence in his voice  was genuine that time.
Bennett had done to Sherlock – and John almost wished that Moriarty was still alive so that he could rip him apart, he wanted to kill Bennett, make him bleed as much as Sherlock had.
The sound the magnets did as they hit the floor startled him for a moment. He squared his shoulders and held his head high. He was ready to go to pieces, after. He was willing to relive those 480 minutes, over and over, after – but not in that kitchen, not in that house, not when he had a promise to keep, a vow – words he had said to John, while sentiment had been the only thing that kept him tethered and sane – to uphold.
What he had suggested was cruel – it was a form of manipulation that only a Holmes could come up with, it was – making his temples throb and eyes sting and his throat become dry and taste like sand and blood.
John nodded, feeling cold, all of sudden, when Sherlock left the room.
Mycroft opened his briefcase and took a white box from it, handing it to him: it was larger than the black box found on Janine’s legs and it had no padlock.
He was
“You didn’t think I was a freak.” Sherlock heard himself say in a low voice, “you didn’t tell me to piss off.”
Her hand was still holding steadily the gun, her eyes were still dry, she had only grown paler. She moved and got inside the cell; he could smell her blood and his own.  Perhaps, that was what she really wanted: the two of them bleeding out together. She had deconstructed him: if Moriarty had wanted to burn the heart out of him, Mary had succeeded in ripping it out of him and hold it in her hands. True, all true -  but he had broken her before they even met.
“Yes, I have to. No one else will – and it’s my fault,” Sherlock said, without looking at him.
that in the end, they would kill him.
He was alive.
. He had followed Lestrade to Scotland Yard, John right beside him (too pale, too silent, still avoiding his gaze whenever possible), agents Drake and Harris shadowing them, as always for the past few weeks – not that it would make any difference if they truly meant to hit them, as what had happened to Mary had proven.
“There is a bathroom here –“ Mycroft said pointing at a closed door.
“Listen to him, sweetheart. You have done enough -” Mary said. She didn’t turn, she didn’t even look at him, but she pointed the gun she had been holding at Sherlock.
“Next one?” John said. He had moved closer to the bed, without even realizing it.
Right, the recent sex scandal involving a senator. He had read about that and the way it had unfolded had looked disconcertingly familiar.
Sherlock turned. It was incredible how even dressed as he was, he was still elegant, he was still the most striking person he had ever laid eyes on.
This chapter just about killed me. I apologise for any grammar mistake you might find in this chapter. I'll try and edit the fic when it's done, so that most the mistakes will be corrected (flying solo sucks!)
Sherlock smiled. Lestrade had never truly seen that side of him, hadn’t he? Lestrade had seen the bodies in that warehouse – how did he think those men had met their demise? Did he think it had been elegant? Clean?
It was a nonexistent code, again. It was the vaults at Appledore – and before that: it was Victor making noise in their flat, wanting him to know that he was leaving – and maybe, wanting him to
Finally! There wasn’t an ounce of pretending in his voice, now: no small talk, no talking between the lines like they had done since she had shot him and he truly had thought that she wouldn’t see right through John’s abysmal charade.
“I don’t need to,” Sherlock replied.
“No, there isn’t,” Sherlock replied. John nodded as he sorted through the pictures on the table.  He blinked his eyes while looking at some of the pictures (the one with Mary and  one of the two of them together, taken only days before they had found Jason Miller’s body in that basement), he took the picture with Victor in his hands for a moment, still without looking at him, but didn’t say anything – and for the first time since Sherlock had met him, he couldn’t say what John was thinking. He deduced myriads of thoughts, of tidbits, but not what John was thinking.
Oh, yes. Of course, they had. The curtain had finally risen and they were starting to show their hands.
He breathed. Giving into panic would not help things.
“One more question about Mr. Bennett, if you don’t mind.” Doctor Hood asked.
“I want to be with you.” John said – and the words came out so easily, as if they’d been waiting forever to be said, as if they’d been on the tip of his tongue, unbeknownst to him, and needed to be said. And maybe they did. And it was also the truth; six, simple words that made him feel lighter than he had felt in a very long time.
John refused to think about the past, about the fact that he had not noticed Sherlock leaving his wedding and only recently had he seen a picture, part of the ones sent to the hospital, taken the night of his wedding to Mary.
Once upon a time he might not have appreciated that knowledge, he might have deemed it useless, ridiculous; on that particular morning, however, on the eighth day since Joan Adams' kidnapping and eventual retrieval, he smiled at John, not mentioning that he was privy of the fact that he had watched him sleeping. John smiled in return, waiting patiently for him to sit on the bed (he never even offered to help him unless Sherlock asked him, and he rarely did) only then, when he was more or less comfortable, did John hand him his cup of coffee.
He had seen John trying not to go to pieces. He had talked to William Moore and listened as Joan gave her statement about what had happened. He had seen Janine’s body, he had remembered how she had flirted with Sherlock and danced with every man at the wedding and her bright smile.
for Sherlock, lately.
“John – it’s all right.” He said, he turned toward Mary and added, “Shall I?”
Facts: Mary was getting weaker, the hand holding the gun was still steady, but she was leaning against the glass.
Sherlock gave him a little smile before saying, “I take Mary didn’t take the news you would be staying here well?”
He sounded disappointed, he walked through the Plexiglas wall, and he was holding the knife in his hand.
What if that madman was behind all the crap that had gone down for the past few weeks? After all, he had seen the video (who hadn't?) and as far as he knew, all the investigations about it had gone nowhere.
was not one of them.
They were spectacularly wrong.
He nodded. He had: and it was good, it was fun – it was John and him dashing about, solving cases, giggling and getting high on adrenaline and then crashing in their bed, at night, and it was what he had dreamed while he was away.
John blinked his eyes but didn’t speak.
She was not stupid: the past was the past. Nothing and no one could change that.
John sighed, “Sherlock – Greg is really worried and there is nothing we can do here. Let’s go to Bart’s, I’ll tell you on the way.”
He was too tired, too in love with that ordinary man who kept surprising him, kept reminding him, even when he’d rather not to, that he had a heart, to do anything but blink his eyes.
He hated the way that man was saying his name, he hated that his daughter’s life depended on whether that man would tell him a stupid numerical code. He hated that Sherlock was watching him, in that moment, and he could not tell him the truth – even if he would fall into a trap, meant to – destroy him. He could only hope that Mycroft would use him in a way that would save his daughter’s life and Sherlock’s.
“You didn’t think I was a freak.” Sherlock heard himself say in a low voice, “you didn’t tell me to piss off.”
Sherlock moved half a step, millimetres, really, but John was acutely aware of everything: Sherlock looking at him, the way his own body yearned to be closer to Sherlock's, the way Sherlock's skin smelled of soap and antibiotic cream.
“Nevertheless I believe in him – and I didn’t lie. Speaking of truth: may I ask you a question?”
Sherlock didn't know the names of all the people he had met, deceived, hurt and killed while he had been away; Mycroft did. Mycroft was thorough. He had made sure that his tracks were covered once he was done in a place, therefore, he had extensive data. But that was not the reason for their daily meetings. Mycroft might have the data, he could infer many things, but he had
Another lie, but it seemed to work on William Moore, because the man’s shoulders relaxed slightly. It seemed strange to John that Sherlock had not asked any more questions about the note. He hadn’t even known about the note until a few minutes before they had arrived to the flat. Apparently, though, Sherlock had known – Greg must have told him when he hadn’t been in the room. He had questions about the note, about its contents; somehow he suspected that it was yet another attempt to fuck with Sherlock, like Bennett’s victims or the pictures sent to him.
He loathed martyrs. He always had. He wasn't one. He wasn't a hero. He was exactly like William Moore: a highly trained agent who had done what he had been told because he couldn't stand to lose the woman he loved.
Sherlock drew in a breath and said. "That day on the rooftop Moriarty said that I was ordinary. That I was on the side of the angels."
and utter subject, verb and object.
Needless to say, he had been spectacularly wrong. He truly had seen but not observed. He had not wanted to.
“If you don’t believe anything else I will ever say, please know this: I will
“Think of John!" Greg blurted out.
“That it will have to suffice.” Irene softly interrupted him, “double crossing a powerful criminal and the British government would be suicidal, and I am anything but. I am not Mary Morstan.”
. It was his mantra, three words that sprung him to move, to rush inside the house. And it was hell; hell barely concealed by a thin film of normalcy. Bennett’s house wasn’t much different than the one he shared with Mary: it was cheery, with bright colors, comfortable – until one started to open doors and cupboards. War was senseless, but John could at least
So, no, going behind Sherlock's back was out of the question.
“I was told that Herman Bennett’s lawyers came running not even ten minutes after he was allowed to make his phone call.” Sherlock continued.
There was a link in the text. He exchanged a glance with John who nodded his head and Sherlock clicked on it.
She did know. And they had company. She moved about in the cell, making sure that Sherlock would always be in the line of fire as well.
Molly tilted her head down, “I’m sorry, though.” She said.
At one p.m. of that same day Janine Hawkins left work for her lunch break. It was her last week before she moved to Sussex.  She would never return. Her body was found hours later, thanks to an anonymous tip to the police. She was found in an abandoned warehouse, bound to a chair, a single bullet to the stomach, a black box on her legs addressed to Sherlock and a writing on the wall behind her in red paint:
Mary had been the closest thing he had had to a partner in his new endeavours, but Michael Caldwell and he had been business partners since their early twenties when the man had just left England with a degree in Business and an empty wallet.
He disconnected the call.
The wording was strange – but Sherlock didn’t have the time to examine the man’s words. Darkness – numbness felt too inviting, too powerful. He succumbed.
"I know," He said, "you never would, that's why I did it."
“I miss you –“ He kept whispering between kisses. Sherlock didn’t reply to his words, he only kissed him and John had stopped even wondering why he was saying those words.
" because it would mean that the only things Greg really had to worry about were the bruises he could still see on the younger man's neck and the stiffness of his movements. It would mean that he was being irrational and stupid and boring and Sherlock would be all right.
Not anymore.
Mary shrugged, "I'm not complaining." She said.
abhorrent, he had imagined hurting him, he wanted to hurt him – to make him bleed, but as much as he wanted he couldn’t. That man, that bastard who had tortured the man he loved, who had raped him and carved James Moriarty’s name on Sherlock’s chest might help him save his daughter.
He spoke in Russian after, he told him to pay attention, to watch, to deduce and then disappeared from the screen, he heard the steps, a couple at most, he reappeared a moment later bringing Mary with him, he was dragging her; she looked like she could barely stand on her legs (epidural – its effects had just started to fade, he observed.), the man had no troubles making her sit on a chair, she didn’t oppose, she didn’t try to fight the man. Mary had never been stupid. Sherlock saw that the cuffs were already there on the armrests of the chair.
He hazarded a look at the screen: his daughter was still soundly asleep, and he had no idea whether she was even in the place they were in (was it a basement? Were they in a house?), he had no guarantees – and no real choice, Mary wasn’t truly giving them one. It was her game.
he had not mentioned Jim Moriarty once, and it didn’t matter how much touching him physically repulsed him.
Fuck. He had been desperate and she had had a jolly easy time getting what she wanted.
and, above all, she was
“No, but someone you hold dear just went through a traumatic experience. This is bound to have consequences on you. You might feel anger, fear – and those feelings are not going to go away on their own, Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock blinked. He had not expected that question. Herman Bennett would have killed her, he would have shot her through the head not caring about being caught; he had known it the moment he had seen the man for the first time.
“John –“ Sherlock said, behind him.
Mycroft was not with him, he had assured him that a car would be waiting for him when he was done collecting Sherlock’s things and those had been the only words the man had said. He hadn’t felt like talking either. There were too many things he wanted to ask, to many things he wanted to know and he had instinctively known that Mycroft would not or could not answer his questions.
“Yes. Yes, I did. He is back in California, he is getting married to his long time lover.” He said. It had been a polite, almost warm conversation in tone. There had been no promises to hear from each other again, but it had been good or, at least, better than his visit to the hospital.
It was too easy: the traces on the pavement, the car left just waiting to be found and the house to their right: old and abandoned. He turned to look at Drake who was writing something down on his mobile phone and had a pensive look on his face.
He was on the ledge of a rooftop, fear like lava in his veins: Lazarus was a go, jumping was inevitable.
Physical pain, however, was something he was good at ignoring. Physical pain was impairing, but it was also familiar. He did not hesitate, he had felt blades piercing his own skin before and Mary was right: he knew human anatomy, he knew how not to cause damage.
John’s daughter: one of the reasons why he had lied to John in their sitting room, the reason why he had protected Mary –
He rolled his eyes. They had been over that particular issue over and over: apparently, not blaming himself was to be his priority.
"John..." William said. And John didn't like the tone of the man's voice.
“He should, yes. I’ll –“ John stopped in mid sentence. He doubted Sherlock would let him anywhere near him, at least in the immediate future; nevertheless he probably needed a doctor. “He will be visited at the hospital.” He said eventually, hating how cold his voice sounded.
He couldn’t smile, not really – he was too wired, too worried to – but he held her hand tighter for a moment.
That didn’t mean Sherlock would not try and do something rash or dangerous or that he would not try and keep his promise to Sherlock. It only meant that, for the first time since he had seen Sherlock chained up that rack, in Bennett’s basement, he could breathe a bit more easily.
business anyway!), or the other ones – which told stories as well, if one knew, if one observed. And someone had observed. Someone had carefully chosen each and every image, creating a pattern, a story he could almost hear in Moriarty’s voice: how Sir Boast a Lot came to care
“Not without you,” John said.
“He wasn’t going to sell you out – “She continued. That was another truth. Alex had been everything but stupid: having the British government owe him would have been insurance. He must have considered the options, he must have thought the offer he had got (and she had not found out what it was, and not for lack of trying) was worth the risk, but he had not told her: why?
Killing two birds with one stone had been Mycroft's plan: lull Mary (or  whatever her real name was, because neither Mycroft, John or he believed a word about what they had found in the usb drive) into a false sense of security, get into Appledore with a Trojan horse, arrest Magnussen, deal with Mary.
She did, she thought it was appropriate. She did not know their daughter’s origins, but Renee, was an apt name for a girl born twice.
“I wouldn’t – it would be
Bennett said.
“It’s complicated.” John said. He could tell the man a lot of things and he was sure that the man would understand them, but he didn’t add anything more. “Sherlock is –” John started.
And yes, at the time, before the long days away from home, before the blood, the violence and a crippling emptiness that would hurt more than he could have ever thought possible, there had also been anticipation...the need to start unraveling Moriarty's web thread by thread.
“I told you. I’m
It was poison, and it didn’t make any sense – and he could hear people coming in, hopefully more doctors; Bennett was convulsing, he was in pain and a distant part of him was actually enjoying that, but that had to wait. Bennett blindly reached out to him, grabbing the back of his neck, his fingers were icy cold and John fought that hold, but it was surprisingly strong.
“You scared the hell out of me, but it was amazing, how did you do it?” John said. He was smiling as well.
Nonetheless, Sherlock’s words, what he had just said hurt and she was surprised that it did; she had imagined that moment so many times, in so many ways, she had imagined it would be painful, but she had not known how much. She had – miscalculated. Mr Neal probably had expected that, but he surely was not concerned; that was her reward, she could do whatever she wanted with it.
"Good," Mary said, "I don't want to fight about this: our marriage and the baby, I have nothing to gain. I'm
He walked, there was no hesitation in his steps as he walked down the stairs to the basement.
Sherlock looked at him for a moment and then he said, “No, Mary, don’t.” He trailed for a moment and John could see hesitancy in his eyes, he looked down and added, “It’s not his fault.”
seeing, he realised looking at Lestrade. Lestrade was getting it, now. Lestrade, his mind uselessly supplied, clearly needed sleep, clearly wasn’t eating enough and he was worried. The worry had ceased to be for him, though.
He said the last word mockingly, he had expected contempt, he had expected and accepted that Sherlock would not understand, but he was worried because Sherlock was beyond angry, now.
He had felt numb and hollowed out, he had felt bursting with rage, he had felt raw and exposed, vulnerable and unable to recognize himself.
“I’m not –“ Victor trailed and shook his head. Victor was a good person: the sort of person who helped old ladies to cross the street, who held doors open to the ladies, who took lost causes at heart.
John’s voice – John had not slept, he had had a shower, but he had not shaved (there hadn’t been enough time), he was pale, he had avoided looking at him – he had kept a blank look on his face, but now – now there was worry, there was
d expected and more deeply than he thought he would, but the alternative: John dead, shot by one of Moriarty's snipers had been simply not feasible.)
Mycroft had known Sherlock had lost weight, he knew how much weight he had lost, but seeing him shirtless – was different. Sherlock had not closed the door on purpose, he had wanted him to see everything, he wanted him to see the details of what the last few weeks had done to his body.
There wasn’t time to think about her personal life – there wasn’t time to think about the way Greg had kissed her forehead in the parking lot. There truly wasn’t.
. They had weaknesses, cracks in the facades,  they had pressure points that could be used against them. Jim Moriarty had paved the way, Charles Augustus Magnussen had been indispensable, but she had to finish the job. She had to.
That was not – him …or was it?
He wondered whether Sherlock knew how deep the protection detail for John and him ran. Mycroft Holmes was thorough and was making everything in his power to ensure that there could never be another fuck up like the one that had happened the day Sherlock had offered himself up as a hostage taking Alyce’s place.
to understand some of it; his mind couldn’t really wrap itself around the horror that was unveiling in front of him, room after room, step after step.
The man gestured to follow him to the bathroom and Sherlock categorically ignored each and any detail about him. He wasn't there to
He had complied. He was clean, for the first time since uni. He would always hold a grudge against Mycroft for the way he had used him during some of the assignments, for the way he had used what had happened with Victor to recruit him for his little tasks, those apparently mundane codes to crack that ended up starting wars, but he would always be grateful to Lestrade.
And she had known – she had given fucking pointers to that bastard and, at the same time, had sent him texts, and had come to the hospital, with an overnight bag and tears ready on the drop of a hat, pretending she was concerned, still pretending she gave a fuck about him, pretending she was noble and resigned to the fact that he loved Sherlock more than anything in the world.
“I’m here –“ Sherlock said.
an: err...yes, I do think Sherlock used to be MI6 or MI5, that's my personal headcanon:)
John recoiled at Mycroft’s words, he couldn’t help it. The idea of that man being anywhere near Sherlock again, after what he had done, made his blood boil with rage – it made him wish that whoever had taken Bennett down in that basement had killed him, and he didn’t care about the other victims, he didn’t care about justice and morality.
“The baby is not in the house,” Mycroft said.
He had not expected Mycroft Holmes’ assistant – to be completely honest he had not known what to expect, exactly. They got inside the car and the woman said, “Mr. Holmes needs to talk to you – and to your fiancé.”
He was in his late forties, sharply dressed in a black suit and a white shirt, his black hair was peppered with gray at the temples, he had light brown eyes and when he smiled at her, she noticed his perfect white teeth and the fact that he had dimples; he had a nice smile, the kind of smile that inspired immediate trust, even from her – and she wasn’t easily fooled. Damn, he was good at what he did, wasn’t he?
a reason for the two guards outside their door, 24/7,  for the wounds on Sherlock’s body and for the fact that the air in the flat could suddenly become frigid if Sherlock dropped something or forgot about the stitches on his body: the eight hours in Herman Bennett’s basement had happened; that was a
He did nothing.
That was the house where they had likely kept Victor Trevor and chopped his fingers off, according to the information they had; it was isolated, he had read Trevor’s statement about not hearing any noise and not being able to look out the windows and it added up: he could see that the windows were all tainted.
The doors were all closed, now. They would hold, the content, as toxic as it was, would not stop him doing what he had to do.
Sherlock took his mobile phone from his coat’s pocket. He had got a text and there was just a number, no other message.
“Fine.” He said after a moment. Unlike Victor he was an excellent liar; second only to Mycroft. He did not care, one way or another, about what people thought, about what his own family thought, but Victor –
“Remember what we talked about.” John continued. There was urgency in his voice. There was fear, shame –
He hated having the man’s fingers still gripping, with a surprising strength, the back of his neck, but John inched closer.
“Big brother can’t help you,” Mary said.
“Indeed.” She replied. If she was worried, she was exceptionally good at hiding it.
John looked at him, seeking confirmation – and Sherlock wanted to tell him not to trust him, because he had been a blind idiot, who had ran headfirst into a trap, without knowing who his opponent truly was,  without flimsy back up or even a rudimentary plan.
to ask questions. Especially on those moments, when he knew that Sherlock
, there had been urgency, anger.
Janine had been genuinely worried about him, though; she had asked when she could visit him at Baker Street. He realised that he had never replied to that last text. He had deleted it without answering.
“Sorry, stupid question,” He added with a sigh, “I have no idea about what happened to him, I don’t even know why he was being held – I retired shortly after.”
Sherlock’s lips thinned in a line. “I see.” He said.
The only difference was that they did not know what would happen next: Herman Bennett was useless, he would eventually break, Mycroft would see to that and it didn't upset him in the least that his brother had taken it upon himself to oversee that Mr. Bennett relented (paid). But they were in the dark: Joan Adams' statement had been useless, the cameras found in Herman Bennett had led nowhere and so had the bugs found in his own flat; all items were untraceable and the dead guard's flat had been searched but nothing useful had been found.
He wanted to touch Sherlock, but he had seen how his fingers had twitched just a few moments before, it had been a reaction to the nearness of his hand; neither had moved their hands on the bed, they were still close, Sherlock hadn’t moved his hand away, but John didn’t want to startle him, instead he chose to look at the man, who was tilting his head on a side, realization dawning in as he said, “Thank you.”
What he didn’t say was clear to Sherlock: they would only succeed in taking away that notebook by killing Mycroft and even if they did they still would not be able to crack that code. Of that, he was absolutely certain.
"He needs medical attention." Joan said after a moment.
He drew in a breath and added, "The writing on the wall,"
There were four agents outside her door. She listened to their words and nodded. They were bringing her somewhere for questioning. Which was an elegant way to say that they would let her rot in a secret facility somewhere or they would kill her the moment she gave birth to her daughter?
“Neither.” Sherlock replied, his voice like steel, not a hint of emotion in it, “I don’t care. I am not playing.”
For a moment, he forgot about William Moore, though, visions of Sherlock: all graceful movements and utter brilliance as he helped saving the Country had filled his mind. He  grinned and said in a teasing tone, “My
No. He focused on the rain: cold, merciless, tickling against windows panes and cars and pooling on the pavement (like blood – no, For God’s sake! No. – it was water, just water).
Questions: what had he known, what had he suspected, why hadn’t he used the knife on Mary.
There were no signs of Mary Morstan, Sherlock Holmes, John Watson and the baby. The men captured weren’t talking and he couldn’t shake the feeling that they were running out of time, that Mary Morstan hadn’t played the game only to be beaten at the last moment.
There were moments where John could almost pretend that nothing had happened, that somehow they had been granted yet another miracle and had turned back time to
He could almost believe that Herman Bennett didn’t exist, that Sherlock hadn’t offered himself as hostage taking Alyce Bradford’s place
Sherlock took the few steps that separated him from the trolley. His heart rate had increased and he knew it wouldn’t be long before other signs of hypoxia appeared.
There had been a 200 seconds blackout in the CCTV feeds. Drake informed him of that fact while they were in front of the white van and, most importantly, the house from which three men had got out carrying an unconscious John.
Mary groaned in pain, her mind was back in the present, away from the thoughts and recollections that she had not stopped from crowding her mind for the past few hours. God, she had forgotten what a bitch physical pain could be! And she didn’t like that she couldn’t feel a thing from the waist down.
"Video of whom?" John asked again, "Whose thumb is that?"
ugly moments, ugly hours, during the night and John knew, now, that only
There was something – something he was missing, something that did not add up – and it wasn’t the fact that when he had come to the tv screen had flickered off, and he couldn’t see his daughter any longer (he wanted to name her Catherine, he decided. He was sure Sherlock would like that name, or they would choose one together.), it wasn’t the fact that Mary’s trousers were soaked with dark blood, no – it was something else.
Sherlock nodded before saying, “John will be dead within the hour if he is not brought to the A&E, the bleeding on my side isn’t stopping and I suspect there was something on the knife –  and I know what you have in mind, so indulge me. Or I will not say a word...”
Sherlock with a shock blanket around his shoulders, gauzes dripping with blood all over his naked torso, black and red bruises on his neck, his clothes on that dirty floor and people fussing around him in that smelly room.
He had gone over the events of that night a lot of times, especially for the past few weeks. The truth was that even if Mary’s husband had intervened sooner, the plan wouldn’t have changed.
“Oh no, don’t you dare, Sherlock!” John hissed, thinking about the scars on Sherlock’s back and the old ones he had glimpsed on his thighs, cigarette burns mostly, the previous night. Only then did he realize that he was still holding Sherlock’s hand, he only noticed because he followed Sherlock’s gaze, he didn’t look at him, he focused on their interlaced fingers while he said, “You sacrificed everything to stop Moriarty, he robbed you of two years of your life – don’t you dare doubting yourself. It’s not who you are, Sherlock!”
Mary got up, her hand on her belly, the look in her eyes was hard, though, when she said,
When would it end? How many times would he be in a hospital room while Sherlock wore a gown (still looking like he was wearing one of his designer clothes, still looking otherworldly beautiful), before the people who were fucking with him (with both of them actually, because he might be unharmed, physically, but he felt like he was the one who had carved those scars on Sherlock...and like he was that close to just come undone at the seams) were done?
?” He mouthed, saying the words he had said before.
"Could you stop staring at me, John?" Sherlock asked without looking up from his phone.
They knew Mary was alive – the execution he had seen in that video was a fake, it had been masterfully done, as it had fooled even Sherlock at first –  looking at the fake crime scene had been a surreal experience, one he was sure he would not soon forget. It had looked like a bloody slaughterhouse – except that it had been all fake.
“Oh, do you mean I am allowed to read it?” Sherlock asked. His words were meant to be sarcastic, by the tone of his voice was all wrong, like a bad impression.
“We have all the time –“ John trailed. But it was a lie, it felt like a lie. It tasted bitter on his tongue and he closed his eyes, while Sherlock was still cradling his face in his hands.
He would not stand by and watch Molly be used as a chess piece to make Sherlock play. He would not
, to everything.
She was usually not one to lose time and fuck around when she had a job to do unless specifically required by her clients, but the things she might have done to Sherlock had she had the time, would have made look his afternoon with Herman like a fucking walk in the park.
John wished he could tell the man something to reassure him, he was about to speak when William said, “What happened to him?”
), he would think about the words he had exchanged with Moriarty on the rooftop, he would think about a lie he had told the Irish man, “I am you.”, and he would think, for the first time since that fateful phone call by proxy, that it had
“Sherlock!”
Keeping tabs on Sherlock Holmes’ movements was a double-edged sword: they could not afford to enquire too much, to get too close or MI6 and a lot of other agencies would notice them, which would defeat the purpose of the whole thing.
She was – red, blue and purple bruises, her hair was matted with sweat and blood against a white background: she had been hit, repeatedly, there were bruises on her face, on her neck, and what he could see of her right shoulder showed  clear imprints of fingers, clear like a stain of blood on a wall. Her right eye was completely swollen shut, her left eyes were bloodshot and there was still blood trailing down from her nose.
He remembered. How could he forget? John kept him right: human, alive, weak, frail, happy – desperate. Afraid.
his lips whispered with each soft, feather like caress against John's.
Sherlock sighed. "A few night stands while high on cocaine don't count."  The itching was almost intolerable, now. He felt like there were ants crawling underneath his skin wanting to come out.
He could order to bypass whatever code she had used to lock the door of that cell and have her retrieved; she would shoot Sherlock, of course, and if he were truly the Ice Man Moriarty had thought he was; if he were the rubbish big brother Sherlock believed him to be he would. One life versus the many Mary had taken, one life versus the knowledge she had that could help him to stop Moriarty’s replacement.
Sherlock was alive; he was back and John’s mind still couldn’t entirely wrap itself around
“I know you would never do anything I didn’t want.” Sherlock said. And, God, were they really having that conversation?
And yet, those people were still using him to play their games. They
The guard in Herman Bennett’s block found dead in his bed.
made in the past.
been a lie.
“Oh, Sherlock...” He whispered.
He was hurting John, again. That was why people like him shouldn't be granted second chances and were not supposed to have
“Where are you going?” Mycroft asked.
gave her orders, but his suggestions rationally explained to her, always ended up being followed. The baby had been the ultimate insurance in case Sherlock and John stuck their heads out of their asses and stopped being either in denial about their feelings or being too insecure and self-sacrificing to act on them before the wedding could take place.
“Open your eyes, John. For me.” Sherlock said.
He exchanged a long glance with William Moore, the former MI6 agent nodded his head and left the room and John wanted to sit down, he wanted to punch Sherlock for, once again, not telling him things, for going on his own and putting himself at risk.
“Let me check you out – and then we’re going home. There is nothing we can do but wait  anyway, isn’t it?”
“I shouldn’t have come back.” Sherlock mumbled, half in French, half in Serbian. He was keeping his eyes closed, Mycroft wasn’t entirely sure he was aware of what he was saying or the fact that he hadn’t spoken in English.
Unlike what Sherlock might think, he did
He would do. He wasn't too tall, his hair wasn't too dark, his eyes were
He took a step back, perfectly aware that he was doing exactly what Mary had in mind. Mary – or the person who had manoeuvred her for years.
He did not lean on his brother, but he accepted his presence there.
"Does this come as a surprise to you?" Sherlock said, realizing that John was waiting for an answer.
She walked behind Sherlock, she knew that they would not shoot, they would not try and harm Mycroft Holmes’ brother and she was pretty sure that they had their orders about her too.
He stopped, for a moment, outside a room,  he wasn't yet in the dungeons,  there was too much light,  the walls didn't have that moldy quality to them he had come to associate with that part of his mind palace  for  the past eighteen months or so.
He left the room and John noticed the way he was holding his back as he walked – he was in pain and if it was showing it meant that it was bad.
Sherlock and John were watching the CCTV footage that had conveniently caught most of what had happened a few hours earlier to Mary Morstan. He observed the closeness between the two men – both physical (Sherlock had actually slept, for a change. Apparently sexual release had a good effect on his brother) and emotional.
“Bennett will want to talk to me.” Sherlock said, “He’ll want to taunt me and he will delude himself into thinking that he can play games with me.”
“Greg?” She asked.
“Because it would mean I had no excuses, it would mean that I had married a woman I didn’t really love rather than being myself,” John admitted. He drew in a breath and added, “And I wanted you to be in love with a lesbian dominatrix because –“
That night, the night he had shattered the mirror on the wall with his fist and palm, John had left (as usual, but oddly enough his mind had been elsewhere and he hadn’t minded too much), but before he did he had wanted to kiss him. And John had wanted to, as well.
he had jumped off that ledge, he had been exceptional at pretending he didn't notice it when John and he were too close, when the air around them was ripe with that tension (longing, sentiment so strong and deep-rooted that being half a world away from that man had done nothing but making him yearn for him), he couldn't think of one single reason whether rational or otherwise not to step closer, not to look at the man in front of him, now.
The poem quoted in this part is from T.S. Eliot's "The Hollow Men"
Things, though, could not have gone any differently, he realized. Because he was playing a game meant to weaken, humiliate and break him ...and John, his John, was their weapon of choice. And that could not happen.
Thank you so much for all the kind words, about the story. RL has been so time consuming that I could not reply to you guys, but believe me, each feedback is treasured and loved! Sorry for the delay in updating, I'm finally finished with teacher training, therefore I will have more time both to write and update:)
Sherlock sighed; it was a good impression of the way Sherlock would normally act, and he could pretend that he believed him, that he wasn’t seeing the way he had clenched his jaws as he got up from the bed or how much weight he had lost after only a few days in the hospital.
Sherlock took a step back. Oh, he knew that it must have taken Sherlock a second, even less, to deduce his life, his thoughts ever since their last conversation. It didn’t matter what had been done to him when he was a child, Sherlock had turned it and made himself a brilliant, extraordinary man out of it.
Greg  looked worried but nodded at her.
On the other hand, Mary was an assassin; she had a gun and a knife, but she had also just given birth, she was in pain and as much as she was used to physical pain (trained to endure torture, trained to ignore pain)  it was irrefutable that it was there – she had not lied about that. The pregnancy and the baby were possibly the only things she had never lied about.
It was like having his head split open – from the inside and it was worse, much, much worse than the white noise he had had to hear, it was nails on blackboards amplified to the point that he just could not even try and stand up.
“You are a terrible liar, John,” Sherlock said, but there was a hint of a smile playing on his lips.
“It is not necessary,” He said, “I am here. You know I will come willingly.”
would be his payment
"That is quite unexpected," Mycroft said.
Mycroft, however, for some reason was sure that they would find them alive. He hoped he was right. He truly did. He hoped he had information he had not shared with them.
John's lips whispered against his skin.
But that was about it, wasn’t it?
“We are here because of Brian Cooper, it’s always been about him.” He said. He had no idea what kind of drug had been used in conjunction to the pills he had taken in Mary’s bedroom, but it was working. He could not move, it didn’t matter how hard he tried.
Fact. Sherlock still believed that he, John Watson, could live without him, that he could move on, settle down and be happy, whole again.
come back for you.”
Victor – how did they find him? Wasn't he still in the United States studying planets, stars, black matter and all that stuff that he had loved? The things that he had left him for?
Mycroft – bloody, stupid big brother.
– even though he loved Sherlock with every fiber of his being and would leave Mary in a heartbeat if Sherlock told him it was safe to leave her.
Part of him couldn’t help thinking, even as the man started to speak, that it was too easy, that he had been a good interrogator, but not
Being maudlin was not a concept foreign to Sherlock. But that? That went beyond his usual flair for drama.
And Sherlock had been taken.
"He wants to help," John said. Because he might have missed parts of their true conversation, but he had got that. He understood that.
He followed Greg; the "other room" wasn't much bigger than a junk room. The first thing John noticed right before entering was the strong, coppery smell of fresh blood and the sickly acrid one of vomit; someone (Sherlock) had bled and retched in that small, windowless room. He took another step, but stopped on the threshold, while his eyes fixed on the walls: they were sound proofed, there was a rack on a wall with manacles attached to it.
He looked around noticing the ventilation grids on the wall recently built behind him, the single bottled water on the floor, a chair, a trolley filled with six small numbered safes, a TV screen on the wall underneath the ventilation grids. There were no holes to let oxygen in, he noticed.
“May I read the text?” Sherlock asked.
As ever, he feared for John – and for the baby, perhaps.
Sherlock smiled, “Jim Moriarty had more class, he was suaver – his heir may lack his finesse, but I think that was rather the point.”
once: clumsily, making mistakes, driving him away in the end, but he had cared about that man.
And if she didn’t know better, if she didn’t know that the only thing that mattered to the man was that she carried out her task, she might have bought the concern in his voice. He sounded genuinely worried about her. Who knew, maybe he was – she couldn’t say, she didn’t care. It didn’t matter.
Brian Cooper died a quick and painless death – and Sherlock was already fleeing, after ditching the body in a shallow grave, helped by CIA operatives, he was already running a fever and would develop  bronchitis within the following twenty-four hours.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you –” Mycroft started.
He was in their flat as Victor packed his belongings and made noise, so much noise, as if the words he had said weren’t enough as if he wasn’t seeing that he was leaving him.
“It’s not your fault,” John said.
It was not a case, and they all knew that; it was a war they hadn’t even been aware they were fighting, there had been casualties and it was still ongoing, even if they could not see their opponent.
Irene Adler was an enigma: sentiment, keen intellect, rationality and passion all came in a beautiful woman who knew what people liked and was not afraid to use it.
It wasn’t any different that time: he woke with a start – and, for a moment, he couldn’t recognize his surroundings, he didn’t remember where he was – and then it all rushed back: he was in Greg’s office, kipping on his couch, ordered to have some bloody rest under the threat of being sent home, because he had been awake for more than twenty four hours, and had been running on fumes for over a week and Greg could only take Sherlock being a right bastard, apparently.
He needed to know who Mary really was.
“I’m fine, Sherlock.” John’s voice said. He did not sound fine, however.
“Did you talk to Sherlock?” John asked.
They had no idea of what he was really capable of. No one, except Mycroft, could even begin to fathom the depths he could go when it mattered. And John...
He knew everything about the two men in the interrogation room and the rest had been absolutely transparent during their meetings with Sherlock.
“Pull over,” Sherlock said.
He should know.
“I want to talk to him, get me a damn phone, right now!” She said. She didn’t need to raise her voice. Raising her voice would only highlight her fear and that would not be
And he kept repeating himself that it was none of his business, that they were his friends and he should keep his nose clean, that things were complicated enough as they were.
“That much I gathered, thank you John.” Sherlock said – and he really sounded like himself, which both infuriated and filled John with relief.
They were
“I concur,” Mycroft said.
It was Catherine: blonde haired, blue eyed, dressed in pink, smiling. Her resemblance to John was breathtaking.
“He is a wise man.” Sherlock interjected, right when he said, “Is that the best you can do, Mary?”
The two men hadn’t even exchanged a glance, they would be separated and interrogated by different people once he got out of that room. He had asked to meet them together and no one had objected.
“I’m fine, John.” Sherlock said, “This…” he looked down at his naked torso and continued, “is nothing.”
The woman known as Mary Morstan was dead: she had made her choices; he had warned her when part of her past had been uncovered, he had also tried to talk her out of her batshit crazy idea, but she had not relented. Not that he had expected her to.
And there were the people Herman Bennett had killed to get his attention, the four men he had killed when he had retrieved Joan, and Janine. Oh, Mary needed to be far more specific if she wanted to play with him. And he knew what she wanted to know. She didn’t care about those people – she only cared about
“All right.” She said, putting her coat on.
I'm actually quite nervous about this part - and what's to come. Hope you all like it! (and read the tags, just in case!)
“You know,” John said.
The two men – he would not even bother to learn their names – were already in the room and Sherlock took a moment to observe the taller  of the two: he had assaulted him, a few hours earlier, there were clear signs on the man’s face. He clearly remembered how he had hit the man, over and over, how he had smashed the man’s head against the desk, the sound of breaking bones not fully registering with him, he hadn’t even felt the blood on his hand – somehow he had had the presence of mind of using his left hand, which was probably why the man in the room wasn’t in a hospital with a concussion.
"Sherlock," John said. It was a question, but it was also a warning, a plea not to be bloody stupid, not to go and disappear like the last time, because those twelve hours had been excruciatingly long for all of them and Greg had seen how John had felt each and every one of them – and if even
She was in what was possibly the safest place in England: Mycroft Holmes’ bunker. Molly had had to sign a non disclosure agreement before stepping out of the car. Her protection detail had escorted her – and left her with Mycroft’s assistant.
He smiled. He liked that the man didn’t take any bullshit from him. It had made him feel exposed, at first, until he realised that it was the point.
He was used to violence, he was used to blood, he had spent the past few weeks trying to come to terms with the way his subconscious tried to fuck with him, night after night, but that had been ever worse, somehow – because it did not matter how disgusting and terrifying his nightmares had become, Sherlock was always there when he opened his eyes, without saying a word more often than not, but he scooted closer or used his encyclopaedic knowledge of random things to distract him.
He opened his eyes and John smiled, noticing with a certain surprise that somehow the distance between Sherlock and he had shortened, for the past few seconds. When had he moved? He could feel the warmth of Sherlock’s body and had to still when the man’s hand left his wrist and curled around his nape.
“Yes, you do. I want it.” Sherlock said.
No one.
She checked her watch. It was not the watch she usually wore, it was a man’s watch, it looked old, but was in good condition. It clearly held sentimental value to her.
He tilted his head down, getting closer to Bennett. No one got close, no one tried to stop him. He could still feel bile rising in his throat and had to swallow past it.
And she was right: she was not a junkie he could beat up in a crack house; nevertheless it felt good, for a moment, to charge her, to hit where he knew it would hurt the most because she was an assassin, but he was a doctor, he knew how to hurt people.
“Told you we would see again very soon...” The other man said.
Sherlock was pacing the sitting room, downstairs. He was not being loud as not to wake Rosie up, but he had lived with the man. He recognized the sounds he was making. He had missed those noises.
“You won’t.” John said.
“What do you want me to do?” William asked, breaking his train of thoughts.
“White noise.” He only said, replying to his implicit question.
"You lie, you hide things from me about this and I will drag you back to the hospital, Sherlock. I am not kidding!" John had said the day after they had got home.
As unsatisfying as English was to even begin to describe what he felt for John Watson – love, although inadequate, was, at least a partially correct verb) for the bravest and kindest and wisest knight of the court and after he fell from a tower, he realized he had fallen in love and his heart was ripped apart, burnt, day after day, until Sir Boast a Lot realized it, saw how broken his heart was – in a dark room, the one he used to sit in with his knight.
“She was convenient,” Sherlock said, he shook his head and added, “and a friend. She was killed because she was my friend.”
He would
“They will contact you, and I don’t need to tell you that it will be unpleasant.” Sherlock said.
Baker Street was still a wreck; Sherlock couldn’t conceivably live there for the time being and John had not missed the look of genuine surprise in the man’s eyes when he had offered him to stay with him (at his flat, his mind hastily added) until the mess was sorted out.
that she was carrying John's child and that it was a reality he would have to accept?
Sherlock had found Joan. He hadn’t said anything else to Greg, he had only given him an address, one Sherlock and he knew well. And that was the fact, only Sherlock and he knew the significance of that remote location.
It felt like being on that bloody Tarmac again – and he was tired, so fucking tired of having to say good bye to Sherlock Holmes.
He didn’t open his eyes, when he did he would have to get up from that bed, in that immaculate flat without knives and skulls on the mantelpiece, without experiments and microscopes on the kitchen’s table and body parts in the fridge. He would have a shower, when he got up, he would wash away the physical proofs of the dream he had just had, he would have breakfast, go out and get to work and pretend he wasn’t living in a monochrome world – a Sherlock-less world.
her eye roll. “He needs you.” She said, after a moment, “And you need him. You always have. You always will.”
Sherlock had observed in silence the belongings in the house, he had not spouted off deductions a mile a minute, he had remained quiet, he hadn’t even crouched to the floor to better look at splatters of blood and dirt in the sitting room as he would usually do; for once he had been mindful of his injuries. He hadn’t asked anyone to take samples for him. He had kept looking around, apparently oblivious of the fact that the small flat was filled to the brim with Mycroft’s men and yarders. He had ignored the other people in the room, not even once commenting on the incompetence of the people surrounding them.
“Of course.” Sherlock said, “I’ll be right there.”
“About – ” Greg trailed.
No, not really. It had started long before that. He was only starting to see it now,  but they had first showed their hands with Herman  Bennett.
How simpler things would have been for all of them. John Watson, though, had not accepted the money, he had been already loyal to Sherlock and despite his abysmal error in judgement when he had married Mary Morstan, he still was.
“How long?” He asked. He knew the answer – deep down, right where Moriarty was snickering in his padded cell with a straightjacket.
“Lock the cell.” He said, “I’ll tell you everything you want to know about your husband.”
“I am done playing, in that case,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock looked at him and having Sherlock’s undivided attention, was good – even amidst what was going on.
He saw the door open, and forced his body to be still, not to have any reaction as the men entered the room. They were not bluffing, he had seen too many assassins in his life to harbor any doubt on that matter. They would kill his daughter in front of him and use it to get Sherlock.
Sherlock had seemed to sense his anger about his refusal to take painkillers, because he had said, "I need to think clearly." And his heart had cracked a bit in his chest when he had said, "I've had worse."
It was like it should have always been, if one ignored the wounds on Sherlock’s body, the nightmares and the ever growing collection of pills on Sherlock’s bedside table (all kinds of pills, except for painkillers. Sherlock was still adamant about not taking them and having witnessed Sherlock’s nightmares, he had stopped asking him to).
His heart, though, could just not shut up.
Third: that's the content of the note Sherlock has gotten:
He had a text from Sherlock Holmes  with a name, a telephone number and the assurance that the person he would contact owed him their life and had ways of finding out things that might be useful.
Not surprisingly Mycroft Holmes had agreed with him. He had also promised – no, he had given him his word that Bennett
And what she wanted, clearly, was to hurt Sherlock.
He truly was an idiot, Sherlock had been right the first time he had said it.
“I’m sorry to bother you right now, but we need to ask you some questions.” Sherlock said. He was standing in front of the man, his hands in the pockets of his coat, but his voice was gentle, soothing.
When Sherlock had almost collapsed in Molly’s office he had feared that – they had got Sherlock somehow, that he had touched something  in Herman Bennett’s cell and he had been poisoned. He had feared that it was the punishment  because Mycroft knew the truth. Sherlock had reassured him right away that he had worn gloves, that it wasn’t poison.
The alert of an incoming text interrupted Sherlock before he could answer her question. He ignored the fact that both Molly and Lestrade had gotten closer, to hear – to look – to witness.
He did not ask, that would mean playing fair and Irene Adler would not play fair.
"Do you trust her?" John asked after a moment (but it could have been more, he wasn’t completely sure).
I decided to name John’s daughter Catherine because …. Rosamund Mary? Really? *facepalms*
"You married a nurse who made you happy, you didn't marry --" Sherlock said, but the words came out of John's mouth before he could stop them, "She didn't."
“And you have been privy of this tidbit of information since the beginning, you already knew this morning when you came here to tell us that Mary had been kidnapped. You waited to make sure John didn’t change his mind…”
Victor had been his first lover and would be the only one of he could help it; physical release with strangers didn't count. That man was admittedly good, though: suction, velvety heat, just the tiny hint of teeth. And Sherlock gave in: he closed his eyes, his fingers digging into the man's shoulder, his hips desperately trying to keep up with the rhythm the man had set up.
There
he would strangle Mycroft in his sleep.) and he would give the bare facts. The truth was different, though: Sherlock remembered every single detail, sound and smell of those moments.
Sherlock Holmes was
an excuse – but it had been the cause for his temporary blindness. He had not gone sooner to Baker Street because he had taken his time to re-examine each and every event that had happened since Moriarty’s message in January.
He blinked his eyes and looked down, at the floor: cheap linoleum, badly washed unlike the sitting room: the real Herman Bennett with his perfect diction, thin and long fingers, pale green eyes and his dexterity with a razor and a whip started there.
“Be careful,” He said as Sherlock went to the door.
bedroom now, looking at her wedding photos, she traced with the pad of her fingers John's face, first...and then Sherlock's.
The second thing he noticed was that she looked
Breaking people, bit by bit, day after day; breaking them so pervasively and so subtly that they wouldn’t get it until it was too late took a lot of work, of patience and dedication.
He had not even tried to point the gun at him and Mycroft had known –
He wanted to tell him, settling on trying to convey that message with his eyes.
Yes, it was a trap. He was aware of that. Yes, they had clearly meant for them to find the van and the house – but still, things felt
He was looking at him, arousal in his eyes and in the way his hips were seeking friction against his own.
He hesitated before touching him, and Sherlock flinched, again and shoved him away with a hand.
“I didn’t notice him leaving –” Molly said and there was a hint of genuine surprise in her voice as she said those words.
He  wheezed and threw up what it felt like liters of water – just how long had he stayed under? He took in deep breaths. It hurt, his lungs burned, but he needed to clear up his mind. He needed to escape. That charade was mind numbingly boring.
Brian Cooper had not been the man’s real name. But Sherlock would find out that truth only later. Much later.
“Victor,” Sherlock said.
Mary nodded, even their facade of civility didn't go that far, it would look disingenuous if she showed more concern for the man who had spent part of the previous night with his hand wrapped around her husband's erected penis.
, coming from Sherlock, after – everything that had happened for the past few weeks had been upsetting.
The tall man still wasn’t talking, he still looked calm; there were cracks in his facade as well, but he was strong. Perhaps he was one of the
Sherlock shook his head no. “I shall meet Herman Bennett later, and I will not meet him without having as many details as possible. They want to play, but I will not allow them to set the rules, not with your fiancee’s life at stake.”
with him; in a very human, very messy, very silent, all encompassing way – the kind of love that had made him walk into the fire, for him, who had painted a target on him and Sherlock had proudly worn it, never denying Magnussen’s words, smiling that day in the tarmac, even if the air had felt heavy and he had been pale and he had been sent away to die – and he had tried to make things light, he had tried to give him a future. I think it could work.
. Again.
"I need to see the video," Sherlock said.
The words the man had told John were finally registering with him and he could feel anger, bubbling just beneath the surface, making its way up – and he had to force himself to stay still, his hands splayed on his sides as he looked at the rack in front of him.
Herman Bennett nodded his head. John had never noticed that he had long and surprisingly thin fingers, Sherlock would be proud to know that he had observed that he had bitten his nails, almost to the quick.
The car was driving him to Herman Bennett's house,  and he would go there,  but he had to do and see something else first.
“Good. He is happy and he finally doesn’t have to hide whom he is.” He replied. It was the truth. Victor had been his first love, he had made many mistakes with him, but so had he. He was sorry that he had paid the price for Mary’s vendetta, but that man was his past. He was genuinely happy  for him.
The only difference between them was that she did not care about living or dying.
Sherlock’s eyes bore into his, for a moment, he noticed crusted blood trailing on the side of his neck, confused with the purple and red of the bruise, had he been hit? Cut?
Yet he knew he would get up and, considering how jerky his movements were, he would risk pulling stitches and John was frankly dead tired of seeing Sherlock bleeding or hurting. And maybe Mycroft was tired of it too, because he got up from his chair, he walked the few steps, two or three at most, that separated him from his brother, he stood in front of him for a second – the two men looked at each other, busy with a silent conversation John didn’t even try to understand - then Mycroft sat next to Sherlock on the bed.
“Where are we?” John repeated.
He handed him the bag after that: there was only a mobile phone and a picture in it. Sherlock recognised immediately Mary’s house – and he had to correct his initial thoughts of adding John, because Baker Street’s was the man’s home.
He didn’t think he had ever heard that tone of voice coming from Sherlock. It sounded like an apology – a real apology. Did Sherlock hear everything? How close had he been that day?
She had used every resource she had, she had helped to set things in motion while Sherlock was  fuck knew where playing the game and John Watson went through the motions, devastated by the loss of his best friend, still so much in denial about his feelings for the consulting detective that he wouldn’t have recognized the truth if it bit him in the ass.
But when he saw the mobile phone, tightly wrapped in plastic, underneath Victor’s finger he knew that he would not have time to explain.
It was a rectangular box, he could still see the wrapping paper and the bright yellow ribbon the box had been wrapped in. He had seen a card on Molly’s desk, with big  balloons on it.
Mycroft talked, he explained briefly that, according to the surveillance in Mary’s flat, the woman had gone willingly, she had cooperated.
Sherlock had been right about her good retentive memory.
She was seeing other things...different people, different places, she had been a different person, then.
something real, because he felt like he was drowning in a sea of rage -- and neither of them deserved or could afford that.
"That I'd
John who had got up, sat again, “What happened to Sherlock …”
"What for?" Sherlock asked softly.
“Do I look like a James Bond villain to you?” Mary said, “Deduce it, Sherlock.”
(how could he not?), and John cleared his throat saying, "I sort of liked the stubble, to be honest."
She had. Sherlock knew that she had, but he wasn’t going down without a fight. She realised that she wouldn’t want it any other way.
"John," Sherlock said, breaking the spell of silence that had fallen in the room.
Not that time.
Mary – Emily – AGRA or whoever the woman in front of him truly was.
Sherlock was asleep, now. For a little while, until his R.E.M. cycle began, he would be at peace.
He wanted to believe Sherlock, he really did; but even if Bennett had nothing to do with his sudden stillness – there was still something wrong; first the fist smashed against a mirror, then the same hand kept under scalding water – and then –
He wasn’t happy, now.
“I’m going tomorrow. I must have deleted my first meeting with him.” Sherlock said and he looked genuinely puzzled by his lack of memories about the man.
Inevitable. That word kept coming up in his mind even later after Sherlock had fallen asleep, and none of them had talked anymore. That word echoed loud and clear in his mind, in his gut when he heard the mobile on his nightstand vibrate.
“Gavril Sidorov,” William Moore repeated.
They should have told him – they should have told him about Mary. He might have done more than wanting to take bloody videos with his mobile phone at the hospital. He would have arrested Mary, he would have – helped his friends. He would have done justice.
“I miss you…” His voice repeated, low and hoarse with lust and something else – but it didn’t make any sense, it didn’t belong there.
He hated the scars on Sherlock’s body, the old and the new; he hated that there were things he didn’t know, things that made Sherlock smash his hand against a mirror in their flat (and sod it all to hell, it was
He strode angrily toward the soundproof room and halted on the threshold. The last time he had been there it had been easy to gloss over what had happened, he had been – distracted. He had been – overwhelmed and it was so clear, now. Obvious, really.
“Well, no – but are you?” John asked. And he was genuinely curious, now. Besides, everything was better than talking about the real reason why William Moore had visited them.
"Drake just told me that there aren't paparazzi outside today, they left a couple of hours ago, right before his shift started," John said. He sounded relieved.
John closed his eyes for a moment. God, he was so tired – he felt like he hadn’t really slept for years and he knew things were not going to get any easier. “David – I appreciate what you want to do, but I can’t. It’s complicated…” John said.
particular man.
“Two minutes.” The Russian man said.
“Did he ever tell you why he broke the mirror in the bathroom?” She asked. She saw the way John clenched his fists and jaws, she felt how he was vibrating with anger, and she also saw the way Sherlock moved, almost imperceptibly against the Plexiglas wall and how his self-control was shot to shit.
And all of sudden, he couldn’t bear to be touched by Mary. She had shot Sherlock, he had a round, puckered scar in his chest to prove it. She had shot him, probably looking at him in the eyes, without a ounce of remorse. She had hugged him, in that very hospital, just a few hours after she had
Part of him had known it was her  – the deepest part, in the recesses of his mind, the one not blinded by sentiment,  the one that functioned on instinct and darkness alone.
might be,  they didn't matter,  he was in that room,  with those men,  for a purpose: to gather further clues because they had things to say, clearly.
. He was human: he shivered violently when the mole helped him out of the warehouse, still feeling sure that he wouldn’t end up like the others because of pre-existing deals. Sherlock was still bleeding; he had also forgotten, for a moment, that the temperature was below zero, he had forgotten why Chicago was called the windy city.
She ignored Sherlock, she ignored how much she hated the fact that he was saying that name – even if it wasn’t Alex’s real one (and she was still so proud of him because his cover had held even after his death. He truly had been good, the best at creating false identities and coming up with backgrounds that held even the strictest scrutiny), she hated the sound of his voice and the pain she could hear in it.
They were standing in the middle of the sitting room -- Sherlock near the door, John near his armchair - Sherlock took a couple of cautious steps, but didn't say anything. Sherlock didn't need to say a word, not in that moment.
“Sherlock…” John said. He was right outside the kitchenette. He was giving him room, now. Now that he could breathe again. How ironic.
He chose not to hear what Sherlock and John were saying, although it would be impossible anyway since they were whispering, except for John's hissed, "It's someone we know this time!" and Sherlock's cold reply at those words, "High functioning sociopath, remember?"
They had hurt him, weakened him, used him in every way they could and he had allowed it to happen, and now they were using John - to get him,  to complete what they had started with Herman Bennett.
“I made you a promise when we started, do you remember? You will
They had talked about a lot of things, but he knew what the man was referring to: John had asked him, urged him to play a different game, to change tactics. John had said he could not live without him. And he had believed him. He had.
Somehow it made perfect sense, because he would have done the same – and even
John was still unharmed, although he was clearly starting to feel the effects of sensory deprivation, at least judging by the curl of his lips and clenching his jaws in the picture. He was not exactly surprised that there weren’t instructions, any words accompanying the picture – he would have to find the clue on his own, they wanted him in that house, but to what purpose?
She knew exactly how long it would take now. The frantic voice in her earpiece had warned her. With a sigh, she took the earpiece off, noticing the lack of surprise on Sherlock’s face. John was still unconscious, bleeding both from the head and the arm. The bullet was making its way into either one of the lungs or the heart. She wasn’t truly picky, not at that point.
, he had – planned John’s wedding, he had solved client’s cases, ignored things, a lot of things, things sealed shut in his mind palace, things that he would have investigated on in the past. He had let things slide – because time, sometimes, had flown by without him noticing. He had not been the man who had jumped from that rooftop or even the one his brother had rescued in Serbia.
They were using Sherlock’s past, now. One John had not been aware of.  One, he suspected, Sherlock would have been more than happy to let it buried.
Greg saw the bitter smile that crept on John’s lips; he knew there were things,
Sherlock nodded. He looked tired, exhausted but he had accepted his refusal to have sex with him. Even if they had danced around the words, like they were so good at doing.
to let Herman Bennett and the people above him have
He didn’t think he had it in him to – be what he had become since Mary had shot Sherlock. He had lied, deceived, hurt more people than he thought possible – and the collateral damage had soiled his hands with blood.
“You know? Mr. Holmes got one thing wrong about me.” He said when John made no further attempt to talk.
“My name – my real name is Emily,” Mary said. She swallowed. Was it a lie? Sherlock couldn’t tell. She was in pain, that was the only thing he could say for sure. She had fought before, though –  but she was
Sherlock could have fooled him in the past. Up until a few days before he could have fooled him into thinking that he was unaffected by what had happened. Looking at him John realized that Sherlock
John smiled, “I know – but it still doesn’t make you similar to Jim Moriarty. You said you were prepared to burn…”
“You should come home, you’re going to crash…” She worried her lower lip between her teeth and said, “I know you think Sherlock can’t –”
“John.” Mycroft said without turning, his voice low as not to wake Sherlock up. “I take your meeting with Mary hasn’t gone well?”
He had accepted the latter, of course.
Her voice sounded genuinely worried when she added, “Do whatever Mr. Holmes asks you to. I am sure there is a reason why you are going back home.”
He could hear the physical pain in his voice and fuck, he hated how well he knew that tone of voice, now. He hated that even now, he was failing him and Sherlock was trying to protect him.
He had found the picture in an envelope, buried under a pile of newspapers and a few magazine clippings about bees and apiculture; he had purposefully left the picture atop the pile he had found in the sitting room, he had not asked Sherlock about it, and when the man had noticed, he had not said a word, not at first, only hours later, while they were in bed, did he say, “The details are tedious, John and unimportant.”
And he could see their future, now. He could see their future if he let him do what he wanted to do: put the mask back on, covering the scars and the hurt and the pain and he knew they would still solve cases together, still be codependent tossers who hurt each other and always came back for more, like a bloody ouroboros or dogs chasing their own tails.
"You were going to propose that night." Sherlock said.
with Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock turned with a swirl of his coat, he could see physical pain on his face, but his brother’s voice was even when he said, “Why? Losing your pressure point might be the best thing that ever happened to you.”
He had not expected that Sherlock would want to attend William and Joan’s wedding. He had thought he would find some excuse, or just tell William that weddings weren’t his area. Sherlock, however, had accepted the invitation, his only remark had been, “Please, don’t let me wear that
Those people had declared war to  Sherlock and now that he had decided to fight back there would be no stopping him.
Good. Excellent.
Some things, good and bad alike, were inevitable, John thought. They were in their bedroom and John thought that it was always supposed to end up like that: Sherlock and him, together, despite their nature, despite Sherlock’s past and his own denial. He had told Sherlock that all his previous relationships had failed because none of the women he had dated were him. It was the truth.
Sherlock let out a snort and said, “As recent events abundantly prove.”
what was inside that box; his senses were working just fine! He had smelled the stale water (not as bad as in Herman Bennett's basement, but it reminded him of Serbia, for some reason) and the very beginning of decomposition.
Every wound, every act had been entirely personal for Mr. Bennett. He had hurt him not because he had been asked to, not because it was, strictly speaking, part of the plan, but because he wanted to and he could.
He could not ask John whether he was alright. He clearly wasn’t. He couldn’t promise him that they would find Mary before anything happened to her or the baby or both. Mycroft had told him that MI5 was already working on that – because four agents, four of his men had just been killed. Mycroft was – cross. Mycroft was hiding something from him, and it wasn’t just the contents of his briefcase.
He walked slowly toward the room where he knew he would find John and Mycroft. Drake and Harris were behind him, he could feel their eyes on him, but he ignored them. The two men had exchanged worried glances while he was in Herman Bennett’s cell. Sherlock didn’t care. Let the men think that he was coming undone, he didn’t have time to
Sherlock nodded at his words, even though he could tell he had been about to speak.
Had it started again? Had they somehow managed to get past the surveillance and delivered it in their bedroom?
He didn’t sound angry, there was no vitriol or venom in his voice, he was being practical.
Idiots. All of them: physical pain was inconvenient, true, but it took a lot more than that to break him.
“There was a particular member of one of the chats Mr Bennett was part of who kept repeating that you were alive, that they had proof.” Anthea said, ignoring Sherlock’s words, “before they went off the grid and started using more sophisticated encryption systems they were starting to talk about ways to destroy you.”
“Are you?” Sherlock asked. He should have asked that before, while they were still in their sitting room or in the car on the way to Scotland Yard.
Sherlock shook his head and closed the distance between them; John moved as well, tangling his hands in his hair. Sherlock clenched his jaws; John – John was touching him, whatever wall he had put between them for the past few hours was crumbling down and he felt like his mind, his lungs could work properly again.
It was clear that it must be an ongoing argument between the two men, at least judging by their reactions: Sherlock's annoyance and John's frustration.
“I made you beg only a few days ago!”
He had deduced
His watch was missing too. He could not say how long it had been since he had taken the last pill in Mary’s bedroom. It was puerile to think of that room in those terms, but it was also the truth.
Sherlock closed the folder in his hands. What was he going to do? What options did he actually have?
been blind), he rinsed the sponge in the bucket and casually said, “You still would have jumped.”
Sherlock gave William Moore an edited version of the truth, his voice was soothing and he didn’t look like someone who had just left the hospital – and for all intents and purposes shouldn’t have left it to begin with - , William listened to him, asked questions, but John suspected that Sherlock’s words weren’t truly registering with him, not yet.
They got outside and they both shivered at the cold night. If someone had ever told him that Sherlock could plan a wedding to the last detail, including the fairy lights outside, in the garden, he would have laughed and said that there was no way Sherlock could ever give a toss about things like those.
"Nothing." He quickly answered.
John stopped with what he was doing. Sherlock had lovely legs (he had been in denial, but he had
by Bennett.
was why: Mary and the baby.
also meant that he would rather spend another eight hours in Bennett's basement, at his mercy, before putting John in any danger because of his feelings for him. Sentiment meant that he had manipulated John -- and he hated the way Mycroft had been helpful, how he had used a minor occurrence to allow him to keep John safe.
Sherlock didn't volunteer more information, because he was still feeling exposed, because he could be a bloody
John nodded. There was no point in trying to deny the truth with Sherlock.
“I heard you,” Sherlock said.
Mary had talked about a game. She had laughed when Sherlock had said he wouldn’t play. And she was right: they had played and played and played for
He did not care about the victims probably, he doubted he cared that much about Joan Adams as well, even though he had spent a few seconds more than absolutely necessary looking at the pictures in the sitting room – but Sherlock somehow cared about William Moore and what he was feeling. He was positive that Sherlock would deny that, vehemently, if asked, but it was the truth. It must be.
Sherlock’s lips curled in a cruel smirk and John felt that if he didn’t talk, if he didn’t clarify any possible misconception right away, they would get stuck in yet another loop of hurtful words and silences and John just didn’t think he had enough strength left in him, not that night.
And he felt like he could breath again, because that was familiar. That was the two of them bickering after a case.
There had been a code for Sherlock’s return. Mr. Neal had come up with all kind of codes and tactics. She had learned that he wasn’t a big fan of those things, but he had adapted to their target. Mary suspected that he was having fun, even though she wouldn’t know for sure since she had only met the man twice.
She disconnected the call. William still did not know why Mycroft Holmes wanted him back in London – what were his plans for him.
The man was in a room: it was bare except for a desk and a chair. The man looked in his late thirties: he was lean, had dark hair, matted with sweat and blood, a too pale skin, normally she would probably think he was gorgeous, the kind of man one could easily get a crush on -- or try to hit on if feeling bold; she could only feel pity, though, while looking at him, sitting in that chair, his face bruised, one eye swollen shut, his nose broken.
John shook his head. He would not tell that man, it was none of his fucking business and Sherlock was in the other room, he could hear his voice, he was talking to Lestrade, giving orders as if nothing had happened – but he knew that he was listening. He wondered for a moment why Sherlock had left him in the kitchenette with the other man, because if he had learned one thing the hard way about Sherlock Holmes was that there was always a purpose behind his actions – even if in that particular case he could not really understand them, because what could he do except telling William Moore that he should go to the A&E, have x-rays done and swallow some pain killers?
enough.
Sherlock still wanted to be a stubborn arsehole – and John felt his lips curving in a smile, thinking that the time where he fell for that particular type of trick was over.
No one had filed a report on Victor’s disappearance either in the United States or in England - and Sherlock had only half listened to the information that had been given about the fact while in his presence, he hadn’t really
He knew that those things in the dungeons had only gotten stronger and uglier the deeper he fell and got at the heart of Moriarty’s net. Perhaps those things had first rooted themselves into the dark corners of his mind palace when he had felt blood turning into ice at the idea of being similar to Jim Moriarty.
He felt his pulse quickening and he took deep breaths to calm himself down: working himself into a panic attack would not help matters! He had to focus, he had to
"Her cover was solid, years in the making, I had no reason to suspect foul play."
“Hey!” She said aloud. She was alone in that room. She knew she was being watched, she knew they could hear her. She had known there would be  physical pain, Mr. Neal had told her about it, had warned her beforehand,  just like she had known that breathing in the same space with Sherlock Holmes would be difficult. She had known there would be sacrifices and dangers and she had accepted it all – but she couldn’t bullshit around the issue, now: she was afraid. Which was odd, since she didn’t remember when the last time she had truly been afraid had been. The tendrils of fears she had felt the night before had bloomed and she couldn’t ignore it any longer.
“I do,” He said, after a moment.
He had to.
John frowned: had Mycroft observed Sherlock at all for the past few days? How could he not see that Sherlock was –
He disconnected his call and noticed that the woman had angled herself so that she could listen to his conversation even while continuing hers and he took the phone from the steward’s hand.
No one, except for the Russian man who had threatened to let him watch while he skinned his girlfriend alive. He had not considered him a serious threat because he had only asked him his name and routine questions before the man finally started to speak in Russian and threatened to skin his pretty girlfriend alive.
Herman Bennett had looked unafraid with Sherlock – he had been sure he had hurt him, broken him, he had been sure he had done a good job, that he had bested even Jim Moriarty.
“I’ll reconsider part of our deal.” Mycroft said.
He had
The other box, the reason for which they had had to go and see Herman Bennett. Something else was seeping through the paralysis that had enveloped him since he had seen the CCTV footage: it was relief.
. Sherlock didn’t remember who had said that. He had deleted it, but for some reason those words echoed in his mind as he looked at the pictures in front of him: John and he coming back from the tube under Westminster; John had forgiven him, but he had kissed Mary, mere seconds after one of those pictures had been taken.
weren’t helping things.
of Sherlock's dreams featured Herman Bennett and what had happened in the basement.
That was beneath her, Sherlock thought, and he could clearly see that she was putting on an act, intended for John only. She would know
Sherlock hadn’t even looked at him while Greg had asked him to wait outside, he had stared at the wall in front of him, a blank look on his face; it had been Greg who had smiled at him apologetically and said, “It won’t take long.” John desperately wanted to believe that he was asking for Sherlock’s help with something, anything and that the follow up questions were just an excuse.
“You heart ceased to beat. The surgeon tried to restart your heart for minutes, he   called the time of death. I am merely stating the
“Sherlock – I –“ John was trailing, saying his name as if it was something precious, something he revered.
John looked at him expectantly, the previous words (heartbreak) forgotten.
Mary had lied about the date of conception: Catherine was not born pre-term, and her doctor, a woman he had met, had coincidentally disappeared the day Mary died. Not that it mattered.
“Would you check on Doctor Hooper and Mr. Anderson’s progress? I will join them as soon as I can.”
“And when was it?” He asked.
Jim Moriarty had taken perfect strangers and used them as ticking bombs to play his crazy games with Sherlock, but the people behind those murders and kidnappings didn’t want to challenge Sherlock, they didn’t want to engage in wicked mind games to see how clever they were – or how good Sherlock was at solving their puzzles.
Greg and Molly were looking at them, and John was aware of the four men outside Molly’s office.
Neither of them spoke after that and he was starting to think that their session would end like that, that the minutes would tick until it was time to go, but Doctor Hood said, eventually, “Then it means you will have to learn how to forgive yourself.”
Sherlock’s voice was filled with contempt, and John had never heard that tone of voice coming from Sherlock directed at him.
“And Mycroft –“ John said, not finishing his sentence. Mycroft gave Sherlock classified information all the time. He gave Sherlock assignments.
He didn’t smile, but his voice was soft when he said, “Take care, Victor.”
“Crying over spilled milk does not become you, John – don’t be boring!” Sherlock snapped.
“God.” He said and his voice was hoarse with sleep (and tears in the back of his throat, even if he did not cry. He was not a crier, he had never been), “I hate you.” He said, still keeping his eyes closed and bloody hell, why could he still feel Sherlock’s kisses on his lips?
They all did, and Greg had felt protective of the younger man, trying to shield his body with his from the other people’s inquisitive stares. He looked at John; the man was looking down at his open hands, frowning.
He had to exist in it. He had to – survive because that was what he was supposed to do. He was a soldier, he had gone to war and he had survived. But it had taken Sherlock to really save him.
“It’s not a case – it’s
And he was a fucking, bloody, dickhead!
No one talked, there was an eerie silence in the room as they watched the two videos again. Perhaps it was Mycroft’s presence – or some switch was suddenly flicked, but it was so clear suddenly. That was why Sherlock had asked them to examine the video. If he had been there he would have realised it right away.
Sherlock was not used to that state of being: his mind was and had always been his best weapon, his intellect the only thing that had kept him alive, even when he had not wanted to.
“No names, darling.” The woman replied. There was a pause and then she added, “Where are you?”
First, however, they had to find the cellar.
"Follow me,” Greg said.
That child
IVs and needles in her arms. She needed to talk to Mr. Neal. She needed to know that things were still going as planned, that there hadn’t been any changes – she needed to know that Mr. Neal wasn’t going to let her rot in that room and employ some other strategy because of one thing she was absolutely certain: Mr. Neal needed Sherlock Holmes and his brother out of the way; he had offered her a way to get what she wanted, he had offered her the chance to destroy Sherlock Holmes and she had to be sure that he hadn’t changed his mind, that he hadn’t started to see her as a liability.
“He sent you pictures?” John said and he didn’t care if he sounded like a perfect idiot. He
In a good way – or messy and completely unexpected.
Of course there wasn’t, according to Sherlock. He knew he would never volunteer any information about those two years and what happened in that period of time. He would never tell him where he had been, what he had had to do to take Moriarty's web down or where some of the faded scars he had seen scattered on his body (not the ones from Serbia, there were others, but John wanted to know about them as well.) had come from.
(again) – for him.
"I take this..." Mycroft started.
“And are you aware that the terms are
Mary took her time drinking her water, her body language that of a  woman in complete control, calm and
Inevitable: like the fact that he would have to sit in front of the man who had tortured Sherlock and listen to what the man had to say. Not for Janine, not for Victor Trevor
Facts. When the respite, the calm ended, starting with the apple and the note on Sherlock’s bedside table, for once it wasn’t Sherlock’s fault – and John had no idea what his (everything) friend would do.
Anderson returned to watch the videos. He was searching for clues, for details that might help them – and he had been right, after all, about Sherlock not being dead, so why not? – he didn’t move, it was Molly who did.
He was on the floor, his wrists were sores, but he wasn’t handcuffed – which, for some reason actually scared him; his back was against something cold and smooth, like glass. He could not see a thing – he waited until the nausea became bearable before attempting to get up again. It worked, more or less. He swayed on his feet and had to blink his eyes and lean against the smooth surface.
What was he supposed to say?
Until the darkness of Baker Street had been just a tad too dark, and the silence a tad too heavy and his coat had fallen on the floor...
, there had not been doubts, he had not had the time to properly think. There had been other things to do.
He was well enough to do what he had to. Those people did not play difficult mind games, they were just toying with him, which was trying his patience – he knew perfectly well that he would find John, that they would not physically harm him; the difficult part would be keeping him alive – keeping them both alive, after, when he found him.
“Obviously.” Sherlock said, “Detective Inspector Lestrade, don’t...” Sherlock hesitated for a moment, and Greg hoped - and it was unsettling how irrational it made him feel - that Sherlock was going to end his sentence with a sharp: "
He had briefly wondered why on earth he hadn't noticed Mary’s tells
“Didn’t look like that -” Victor said tilting his bandaged hands up.
And the tendrils of irrational jealousy John had felt blooming in his gut  at Sherlock's words withered when he said, "
John's jaws twitched, and he moved, almost imperceptibly to get closer to Sherlock, and Molly got how personal, how bad things were for Sherlock.
She was an assassin, she had shot Sherlock – she had come to their flat the previous morning ostensibly to cut a deal with them, but she had looked different: she hadn’t been the woman he had met (that woman never existed anyway), she hadn’t been the woman who had sat in that very room a week after shooting Sherlock and had given him an USB drive with loads of bollocks in it; she hadn’t even been the woman he had come back to, because Sherlock had needed to buy time.
(See the end of the chapter for
But – even if the baby was not John’s, she was still an infant, she was innocent. He did not much care for babies – but far too many innocent people had died for that –
As if that settled things, as if he wasn’t lying in a hospital bed after having been
“Did I?” Sherlock said, “Did you count the pictures on that wall? I assume you did see them.”
If he needed a bloody sponge bath he would give it to him. Even if he would flinch when he touched him.
And then Sherlock's hands on his shoulders as he craned his neck to better look at him.
Mary nodded her head. Two operatives, men he had never seen before, were at her side immediately. She let them take her.
Victor shot him an exasperated look, but his lips curled up in a smile, “Duly noted.” He said. He let out a sigh and said, “It’s complicated, Sherlock. I don’t want us to hide forever. I truly don’t.”
Sherlock had not replied to that. But John saw – and God, he wished he didn’t – what he wanted to say, how he wanted to dash that man’s gratitude. He didn’t because – he was a good man. He had always been a good man, trapped in fractured memories and a lifetime of lies his family told him to protect his heart.
Sherlock was clearly pondering her words, his eyes fixed on John, she saw something flickering in his eyes, perhaps he thought about negotiating for a moment, but decided against it.
He had been right in his deduction: the mole had – a life, someone waiting for him.
John was bleeding and Mary was keeping a strong hold on the back of his neck with one hand, and they were all aware that moving would only make things worse for him while rushes of adrenaline would only accelerate the blood loss.
Mycroft smiled, “Amazing what one is willing to do for the ones he holds most dear, isn’t it?” he said.
“There are no explosives – but …” Lestrade trailed. And Sherlock saw – he saw that the man had been there at Barts for hours, he had been with Molly, drinking coffee (Molly had lied, but it had been an unimportant lie) while someone had brought that wrapped box to Molly and there was guilt in his eyes. He didn’t care. Lestrade was a grown man, he would have to deal with his feelings on his own.
Sherlock was trying to understand – Sherlock, for some reason, could not
“Maybe I didn’t do it. Maybe somebody got there before I could!”
"I used to dream that I didn't jump off that rooftop. I dreamt about not caring about Moriarty's words." Sherlock panted against his lips, when they broke the kiss (John wouldn’t have been able to say how long it had been since the first touch of Sherlock’s lips)
“Will you let me be the judge of that?” John asked.
It was obviously an anaesthetic. The effect was temporary, he presumed, and in conjunction to the pills he had taken hours earlier he clearly had troubles moving, at least judging by the awkward angle of his legs on the floor.
"How fascinating!" Sherlock said.  Everything he needed to know about William and Joan he had already deduced. He was also aware of the risks of involving William in what was going on; William would put Joan and revenge first, but as he had said to John, he was
“You know he will find you.” He heard himself say.
What good would it do? Even if John never met Bennett (like
“Everyone knows who he is, doctor Watson.” William said, “I had heard he was a –” The man hesitated for a moment, “an unfeeling arsehole.”
The knowledge that
Her left hand was caressing her swollen belly as her mind was elsewhere, indulging in
He remembered those moments. He deduced right away that John wanted to know, that he wanted to ask him whether he had heard him while he was on the pavement outside St. Bart's, he wasn't talking, though -- because it was simply too painful. It was etched in every wrinkle on his face, in his body language, in his stunned silence.
Her name was Joan. Greg had not missed that little fact. He had not even missed the fact that she was a doctor, or that she was blonde and had blue eyes. It was hard not to notice those kind of things, after the past few days.
Mycroft had warned him that Sherlock wouldn’t understand and truly see and that it was their best hope, their only shot at keeping both Sherlock and the baby alive. They hadn’t had much time to talk before Sherlock came back from Herman Bennett’s cell, but John suspected that Mycroft had already a plan, a strategy in motion when he had come to Baker Street.
was not supposed to hurt.
He could see some of the facts as well – besides the ones told by tv reporters and Lestrade. He could see that William Moore had fought, hard, to try and protect his fiancée. He had wounded some of the kidnappers (there had been four of them, according to what Lestrade had told him), he had only stopped when Joan Adams had been, somehow, wounded. It was in the blood on the floor and the walls, in the broken furniture, in the torn fabric of the couch, in the broken glass on the floor, in the broken screen of the telly and the blood on it.
something – “
Anthea was the last one to get out of the room, closing the door behind her, leaving them alone; Mycroft had stood as he talked, he had commanded the space in the room; he had been in the house, in the cellar a month before; he sat and looked at him, and John thought that he should be used to that kind of scrutiny, he thought that Mycroft was probavly deducing everything he needed about his life for the past month, and yet the only words that came out of his mouth were, “I will find your daughter, John.”
"Very well, then." He said icily, "Next time they want to lure me in with a kidnapping, a rape or a brutal murder, I'll pass, because my
When Sherlock was a child he had been extremely bright: he had been wild, curious and
That meant Sherlock was in control, and John wished they could just forget all about it and focus on moving on, on getting better.
With Jim Moriarty, Mycroft had been impeccable, John had believed he would sell his brother out, he had believed he didn’t care enough about Sherlock to save him, to save his reputation, to stop Sherlock from killing himself. He knew better, now. He knew that Mycroft had been a cold son of a bitch, but he had made sure that his brother lived, that he survived – that Mrs. Hudson, Greg and him would be safe. He had also ripped his life apart, but he had made sure that Moriarty could not kill him.
It was a peculiar feeling: he had been overwhelmed with feelings, with fear, shame, and rage, with grief – but he could not feel a bloody thing in that moment.
How did he know? How could he know?
So, why kill Janine? Why the choreography? Why shooting her to stomach?
“Does Sherlock have a good protection detail?” He asked.
"What about him?" He asked. He kept his voice casual, his people needed him to keep it together. They trusted him because he had shown them that they could. He was not about to change that.
John said.
exhaustive. Balance was needed, it was a necessary evil.
“He needs me –” John said, weakly, it was only part of the truth, the tip of the iceberg.
John was looking at him, a confused (and scared and hopeful - and
They still had not found John’s daughter, the task force Mycroft had put together was working, but life was going on: John had started updating his blog again, Sherlock insulted him via text on a daily basis, and did his part: he interrogated men and went over all the items at their disposal, William Moore was analysing data; he had no idea whether he was back at MI6, but he knew the man had a far higher security clearance than his, and was organizing his wedding to Joan Adams.
about sex. He could easily ignore the attraction he  felt  for John, he was good at pretending that it wasn't there. Whenever he had been tempted to give in, thinking about Victor, about what had happened when he had left (because everyone left eventually), had been enough to stop him, to remind him that the work was enough. That he was above that.
He was not ashamed, he had no troubles admitting that the man’s words had scared him into reconsidering his life and his priorities. It had been the straw that had broken the camel’s back, a culmination of events and he had done the right thing.
And he had heard him screaming at Sherrinford, and he was wondering how could he have been so fucking blind.
“And when was that?” Sherlock asked.
even if he hadn’t left Sherlock’s side ever since he had entered Bennett’s house, there had been long stretches of silences and words said in the wrong tone of voice: soft when it should have been harsh, genuinely inquisitive when it should have been derisive.
The tall man shook his head.
time.
“She has poisoned herself.” He said.
He didn’t like the fact that it felt like he had never really left his job, that the past few years as a teacher felt like they had been a sabbatical. He clenched his jaws, chiding himself for the distraction: that was neither the moment nor the place to muse over his life choices.
, carved with a razor, it had taken Bennett almost a hour to carve Moriarty’s name on Sherlock’s torso, while he had been chained up to that rack, but first he had been repeatedly stunned with an electric cattle prod.
There was a moment of silence, and it was comfortable, amiable, so much that when John talked, Greg started.
love, heartbreak, devotion, hurt) sentiment passed through his eyes but it was gone too quickly, replaced by a calm, calculating look.
"John, I..." Sherlock trailed.
"But...." John said. "There is a but coming, isn't there?"
John shook his head. He couldn’t deal with Sherlock’s question, not while he was using that tone of voice, so unlike him, just like the politeness and quiet he had been showing for days.
John had saved him, though. He had called him an idiot, they had giggled on a crime scene, eaten Chinese, drunk cold beer and things had changed. He had changed.
The truth was that the list of enemies who had personal reasons to want him dead was unsurprisingly long,  but the personal element was clearly just a means to an end.
“You were a very bright child, but you were just that: a child. It was
"Brian Cooper." The caller only said. It was his man in Chicago, and yes, it was indeed fucking important.
He was more than the others: the Herman Bennetts, the nameless men, thugs for hire, who had kidnapped and tortured a blonde doctor just to try and play mind games with him.
“I need to see John,” Sherlock said, “I’m not doing anything until I see him.”
The man rattled, his breath hot and smelling of something bitter and metallic against his skin and the man’s lips and tongue touched his ear: the shell, first and then the lobe.
She was smiling. And God, he had seen that smile before –  it was her “I’m so clever!” smile, and he had loved it – it had reminded him of Sherlock, he could admit it freely now. Except – that not even at his most callous Sherlock’s smirks had been as cold, as
He caught him by surprise when he crouched in front of him. John looked scared, for a moment -- and Sherlock acted, before the weight of the past week -- of the past few years, made John bolt. It hurt to be in that position, but that was unimportant at the moment.
On one thing Jim Moriarty had been right – once again he had wanted things to be clever, but the explanation had been much more simple and under his nose all along.
“You – were thinking about Mycroft’s visit.” Sherlock said and he felt his body tense, but the man continued, “I suppose I will have to tell you.”
“I haven’t had a single nightmare so far this week.” He said and it was the truth. He still had nightmares, he still woke up and had to retch in the bathroom or spoke Serbian or saw Mary kill John, but either his mind was protecting him (which would be unprecedented) or the nightmares were diminishing. He was sure it was the latter.
a fragile creature. He was
Joan was still wearing a cast on her right arm, her hands were swollen and there were scars on them, but she had looked radiant and happy as she walked down the aisle.
“You don’t,” Mary said, “but if you are doing this to spare Sherlock some pain – well,” She trailed.
There weren't many people who knew the number of the cell phone he kept in his left breast pocket, and those who knew it seldom used it, unless it was absolutely necessary. It was not how things worked,  it was not how he liked  things to be done.
John knew from experience that he didn’t usually wake up screaming from his nightmares. That would be too easy, too
No one had noticed that although all the men had been killed using different weapons, they had one thing in common: their killer was a professional.
He had long learnt not to stick his nose in the complicated relationship between the consulting detective and the doctor; sure, he had his own ideas and suspicions; contrary to what Sherlock thought he
. He thought. He supposed waterboarding was too sophisticated for the three people he was with.
William shook his head, “This doesn’t help me, Mr. Holmes and it doesn’t help Joan.” He said and Sherlock looked truly surprised by the man’s words. John realized that perhaps Sherlock had meant to ease some of the guilt the man must be feeling (which was in and on itself surprising, since Sherlock usually ignored or, worse, scorned guilt and sentiment especially during a case) and he genuinely didn’t understand why William Moore didn’t feel relieved knowing that he was not responsible for his fiancée kidnapping.
More.
Oh, Mycroft wanted to talk, didn’t he? He wanted to explain, he wanted to appeal to his rationality, to his intellect.
John thrust his chin up. If Mycroft wanted to make him feel guilty about what happened after Mary had shot Sherlock, he was too late, but he wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction to deduce it. Or, at least, he wasn’t going to admit it.
No emotion in his voice. He said those words matter of factly, but only then did he register the presence of the other people in the room. The room itself was bare, except for the chair he was sitting on; the windows were painted black and there were neons on the ceiling.
thought about Victor for years. The day before he had stopped Mycroft before he could even say that name, out of habit, but he had realised that it had truly been ancient history for him. It had been perhaps the only good thing that had come out from his daily meeting with his older brother.
stupid, John. I know I'm still free and
It was the fact that, as Mr Moore had remarked, more than once, getting the information, they had needed had been too easy, after years of secrecy and planning. It was the fact that although the team he had assembled had been outnumbered and had lacked a cohesive plan, it had not taken them long to subdue the men in that house. It had not taken them long to open the cellar’s door.
and he was the strongest person he knew) stubborn and before John could do or say anything, he said, "They didn't choose them randomly, John. They didn't choose them for their appearances or their jobs or even their
Sherlock and John exchanged a glance and a small part of Molly, the one that had never really moved on, the one who had spent two years wondering whether Sherlock was still alive, whether he would ever come back whole (not just physically) because Sherlock and John...well....
that it was driving him crazy – that he did not accept not to be in control of his own body and mind.
He had wanted to watch Herman Bennett bleed, he had wanted to smash his head in – and see him in pain; he had watched him die, but it was not enough.
“Whatever he did –“ John said, “you won’t change what happened with this.”
an adrenaline junkie and he had treated Sherlock as his dealer since he had come back. And that was not really the moment to tell him why, to tell him that he was and had always been so much more than that for him.
John smiled – he saw anger fighting to bubble up the surface, he saw how dangerously close to break John was. What was worse was that Mary must be seeing it too.
Sherlock did not care. Not at the moment. Sherlock had not cared about the larger scheme of things for too long. That was the problem.
While John Watson pretended to be asleep, closing his hands in tight fists under the sheet as Sherlock retched in the bathroom after a nightmare, torn between the desire for Sherlock to feel in control, and fear, because he wanted to believe, with all his heart, that Sherlock had told him the truth about not being bothered by meeting Herman Bennett, but he couldn't be sure; he had no idea about what had caused the nightmare, there were still too many things, days, wounds he didn't know about, facts that he wasn't privy of -- he knew, however, that if he got up and went to his partner (love of his life), Sherlock would clam up and that would be infinitely worse.
," Sherlock said giving what he hoped was a reassuring smile.
No. That was not entirely correct, was it? Pain, heartbreak, loss – had faded, somehow – and on a dark night, in his flat, John had kissed him, because he had wanted to, not out of pity for the scars on his body – and Sherlock had kissed him back, because he had wanted to, he had even dreamt about kissing him, unwanted images that had crept up on him, time and again, traitorous messages from his subconscious that clashed with the reality of John Watson having left the flat, having moved on, having fallen in love with a woman.
He voluntarily didn't include himself in the scenario. John did instead.
Journalists were asking questions and he wasn’t exactly listening to Sherlock’s words. He knew he would never tell the truth, he would give those vultures just enough to get them off his back.
good things had been for him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “You are being melodramatic, brother mine and it truly doesn’t matter now.” He said. Did Mycroft really want to talk about that? Why?
And the worst of it had been that he had meant it. He had nodded right away, afraid that Sherlock would plead, and in that case Greg wasn’t sure he could have kept up the facade of professionalism and detachment he had imposed on himself. Greg looked at John, noticing he looked even paler than Sherlock; he wondered, for a moment, whether he had helped the consulting detective to get dressed – gritting his teeth in frustration. It was none of his bloody business! Except that it was, because the two men on the bed were his friends and the past week had been a long bloody nightmare – and it did not look like things were going to get any better.
Oh. Fuck. No, he squelched that thought, he had to. That – that could
“No, it wasn’t.” John replied and he tried to convey with his voice that he would not say anything more. Truth was that as much as he sympathized with William, Sherlock took the precedence.
For a moment, just a fraction of second, really, he had considered the possibility that the man was working for
John thought, images of the past year and half collecting in his mind.
He had thought about telling Sherlock immediately – he had hoped Sherlock would deduce what had happened, the content of the text: the requests, the words right away, but he had not.
He was looking for John, now. The surgery on Sherlock had been a success; Sherlock would sleep for the next however many hours it would take to the drugs to wear off – and John needed to sleep – or, at least, he needed to be reminded that he had a home, a bed and clean clothes that weren’t there.
watching Mary pointing a gun at John’s head, but the truth was that he was too focused on the woman to actually be afraid which, he supposed, was one way his brain was coming up with to protect him. Too little and too bloody late!
"Let's go to bed." John said.
He was a rational man, he was used to making choices and sacrificing people for the greater good. Because the matter of the fact was not that those people wanted to hurt Sherlock or destroy him.
Joan had had a long shift at the hospital, she was tired, sleepy, smiling one of those smiles that meant, "bollocks, you're a rubbish liar!"
Mr. Neal chuckled at her words.
“He had rubbish timing.” He said.
Perhaps, she would have, at the beginning. Besides, she had not lied: that bullet wound
“Will you come with me tomorrow?” Sherlock asked.
What does the note say?” John asked.
meant to fuck with Sherlock. Each and every picture had been taken within the last eighteen months, they all featured Sherlock and he: at crime scenes, outside Sherlock’s flat, they were talking, laughing – he could not even recognize when or where some of those pictures had been taken, but he definitely recognized when and where the last few had been taken; one had been taken on the way back from the crime scene of Bennett’s fifth known victim (Jason Miller, John corrected himself. He had been a good kid, he thought, he didn’t deserve to be thought of as “Bennett’s fifth known victim”), he was looking at Sherlock in that grainy picture, it was the only photograph, so far, where Sherlock wasn’t looking at him, John noticed.
He started when Sherlock grabbed his wrist, his fingers were warm against his skin and John couldn’t stop looking at the man, even when he levelled him with his gaze and said, “Then why are you afraid to touch me?”
He knew Mycroft was
Fuck. Well, at least they didn’t start cutting off John’s fingers, he reasoned. Victor Trevor had had it much worse.
“Could you give me a moment with John?” Moriarty said, “John, John, John. Special John, soldier John, doctor John, addicted to adrenaline and fake sociopaths John. John Hamish Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusilier.”
him, with the illusion that John was fine, unharmed – only to find out, when Mary was ready, that the truth was different. It was irrational, but all his actions for the past few hours had ignored reason favoring sentiment, hence his current situation.
He noticed the other man at the door, he was armed, and he saw that both the Russian man and the man carrying the incubator were carrying guns as well.
blind.
good.
The fact alone that he was in a Plexiglas cage, the fact that he was not bound or any of the dull means to hold him that had been used in the past clearly told him that Mary would not just shoot him. Not that time.
What he had just told Sherlock wasn't strictly a lie. Generally, though, one found out about a partner's exes through old pictures, not through sewn off thumbs and streaming videos of the act. Or murders.
"I'm afraid that's all I have at the moment.” Mr. Neal replied. He didn’t look annoyed at her words; she had had bosses and partners who didn’t like their authority being questioned in any way; come to think of it, it wasn’t something she hadn’t been particularly fond of either.
They hadn't touched him so far and he had no idea whether they were there watching him or if he was alone. He couldn’t say – and that was the scariest thing.
“Oh, Mr. Neal – we both know how this will play out one way or another,” Mary said. She was smiling, “just keep your promise, please!”
Things took a page out of some slasher movie and Molly knew, even before the end of the video, even before the three men got into that room, even before the injection -- that all of that was a message of some kind for Sherlock.
“What are you doing here, Mr. Holmes?” William Moore asked, interrupting him. He hadn’t looked particularly upset by SIS presence in his flat, but Sherlock’s had piqued his curiosity.
Did it matter?
been there.
John looked at him, confusion clear on his face. He didn’t know because Sherlock had not wanted to know about the note in advance. He had not asked, even after he had told him about the note and where it had been found.
. He had to control his base instinct. He could do that.
Because it was a scheme, a plan, clearly: distraction after distraction for years.
“Of course not, but she could be useful,” Michael replied.
Doctor Hood shook his head, he had pushed in the past, to the point that they had touched upon the subject of the other one, of part of their childhood and how he blamed him for things he was not completely responsible for.
The scarf had made everything real. Sherlock had indeed gotten inside that house, seen the bright colors of the walls, had walked toward that very room, had smelt rotten flesh and death, had deduced things John couldn't afford the luxury to dwell on, had seen the pictures – and had been finally brought to the basement. He moved, surprised by how steady his heartbeat and legs were.
Perhaps, he admitted, part of him had thought that Sherlock would revert back to his old self, to his old life, once John Watson would marry. He had thought that he would suffer, yes, but he would go back to what he knew, to a life without attachments or weaknesses. He had believed Sherlock would be safe.
And he was also starting to get bored with the situation.
intense, because he hadn't had anyone since Victor had left (him) and because he was high and he didn't
"It's hard for me to say the words...." John started and when Sherlock opened his mouth to talk, he tilted a finger up, silencing him before he could speak. "You were dead -- and she made me feel like I hadn't died with you. She made it bearable."
Quite frankly, it was none of John's business, but if they went to the bathroom he would see the broken mirror and Sherlock would be able to read the questions in John's eyes -- and answering them would require a strength he honestly couldn't muster at the moment.
moments: like the talks with Sherlock’s doctor about plastic surgery; Sherlock didn’t care about most of the scars on his body, both the recent and the old ones; except for the way the newest were impairing him, but he wanted Moriarty’s name
“It is familiar, on both ends.” Sherlock said, interrupting her.
Mr. Neal had known, of course, and it had been him who had reminded her that he would keep his promise to her. The last one, the one that mattered the most.
“And you know what
happened. It had happened when he had followed Herman Bennett down the stairs and he had not done a thing to stop him and he still couldn’t understand why.
The words, the trite words: subject, verb, and object were there, he could feel  them in his mouth;  their weight, how utterly inadequate they were to convey just how vital  John was for him.
He almost didn't notice it when the car parked outside Baker Street, he followed Sherlock outside, feeling almost numb, because -- because he had never been loved like that. He doubted anyone had ever been loved like that -- and it was
right, and he hadn’t. He had refused to see.
That was the moment she had been clearly waiting for.
They had never met  - and Mr. Neal had been very adamant about that and she had agreed with him because she needed the knowledge that even if things went south – for her, most probably, since she was the one physically in London, the plan, in all its parts, would still go on.
had to wait. Sentiment would not help Victor, John, and his daughter.
“This is not about you, Sherlock. Not this!” John had said, his voice sharp, low.
nature behind the..." Mycroft stressed the following word, "
He hadn’t even really started.
He knew about the media circus surrounding Herman Bennett,  he was not blind! He knew that the reason he had carved his own name all over the victims’ bodies was to make sure that his name was known. He knew that the people who had made his obsession for him possible to become more were also making sure that his name, his presence, his murders were not forgotten.
This chapter was a nightmare to write. I binned it twice before finishing it. Any resemblance to what appeared in season 4 is totally unintentional. Believe me.
Baker Street was
Yes. He wanted to protect Sherlock. Yes, he wanted to shield him from that game Bennett (or whoever he was working with) craved to play with him.
“Why didn’t you just kill me the night you shot me, then?” Sherlock asked.
) he wasn’t sure whether he could – breathe again.
He had told Sherlock that he would be glad to help, once he would start sorting out the mess in the flat. Sherlock had smiled, but – it had felt forced. He looked about ready to snap in two, but he kept on driving.
The first thing he noticed when he got inside Sherlock’s room – after the two guards searched him, even if he was on the list and he had already met them – was the silence. The telly was on, broadcasting the news of Joan Adams’ kidnapping, but neither Sherlock nor John were talking or moving, for that matter. The second thing he noticed was that they were sitting on the same bed, and he tried very hard not to pay attention to the fact that Sherlock was holding John’s hand. He was dressed: white shirt, black suit, his face clean-shaven (he was too pale, though. And was he sleeping at all?), the only outward signs of what had happened to him were the white gauze wrapped around his right hand and the faded bruises on his neck and face.
“All right.” He said, “I see your point.”
Sherlock had been awake when he had come back to their bedroom, checking his mobile phone, not even looking at him when he said, “You know? I think I actually liked Anderson better when he pretended to hate me.”
“No, you are boring,” Sherlock replied.
He got close to him, invading his space and said, "Oh, I can tell you a lot of things, Lestrade! I can tell you that there were two men here who watched her die, that they chose to shoot her to the stomach because it would be more
The murders stopped abruptly when Cooper’s body was identified. According to Ms. Adler who had shown Mary Watson’s picture around in the graveyard, Emily Abel bore  a striking resemblance to the woman in the picture.
He disconnected the call and took off his glasses for a moment.
The man nodded, a hint of a smile playing on his face, “Oh, yes. I have been asked to cooperate with you, John.”
“Didn’t ask for one.” She said, “but I have a question.”
And it was Sherlock...mad, impossible, frail, determined and
The game, the war was the only thing that deserved attention, even if he didn't want to be part of it, not that time, not with what was at stake. John, though, his John felt responsible. John had listened to the medical words, he had thought he had rationalized the data, but he (beautiful, normal, outraged and grieving for him) had not noticed the way he had clenched his jaws, the frustration mingled with relief (and fear, and hurt) whenever he hadn't been allowed to listen to his conversations with Lestrade.
“And there have been no black outs.” Doctor Hood stated.
or whatever inane rubbish is going through your mind right now.” His hands left his face and John felt keenly the loss of physical contact between them.
“I have a message to deliver, ” Victor said, he swallowed and said, “they said it was important, that it was about John Watson.”
“Sir?” Anthea called, interrupting him before he could say what had been right under their eyes. Mycroft went to her, she whispered something in his ear and the man left the room without a word.
They were friends, weren’t they? They had known each other for a long time, they had started meeting for coffee almost every day, he had seen her elbow deep in cadavers and, at the same time, discussing about tv programmes she liked or what to have for dinner.
One of Holmes’ men updated him: there were three people in the cellar (was one of them Gavril Sidorov? Because the bastard wasn’t anywhere else in the house); apparently, there were no explosives – they only needed Holmes’ word and
. Ever.
“And that’s my dad,” Molly said.
Sherlock had never said those words aloud and he didn’t care – Sherlock Holmes loved him. He was promising him – reassuring him that they would see the end of that mess. He was promising him a future, and he wanted to believe him.
“I miss you…I was so alone…” He said instead.
“They asked me to delete it and I did,” John said and Sherlock wasn’t sure whether he was lying or not.
"This is not a threat to national security, Mycroft." Sherlock had said at the beginning.
It was beneath Sherlock, he wanted to hurt him, but his words lacked its usual edge and bite, which he had hoped to restore with their encounter and which he has briefly succeeded in igniting.
He wasn't fooled because Mary was many things, not all of them bad (at least for his standards), but she was not
He had done no such thing and he would not.
He could tell him that it should be Mycroft, or his parents – or bloody Scotland Yard, but Sherlock would not listen.
He thought about Herman Bennett who had lured Sherlock in and had carved Moriarty’s name on his chest – had he been one of the people who had spied on them? Had Bennett (not Moriarty. Moriarty was
“It was on my desk when I came back from the loo,” Molly said.
Every sacrifice the man had made, every lie he had told to protect John, every person he had killed while he was away to make sure that the people he loved kept living had brought them both to that moment.
He had already killed for John, but that was different. That was war.
The man held a satellite phone in his hand. God, she hated those! She held out her hand, the one free from the IV, and cocked and eyebrow at the masked man. God, her face hurt, breathing was difficult and her body itched and throbbed from the waist up.
He groaned – and then had to roll his eyes at those morons’ idiocy. They were laughing, speaking in German, of all languages, they had atrocious accents, all three men were American; did they truly think he wouldn’t understand them while they commented about what a  crybaby he was?
He didn't know, he couldn't even tell how long he had been there; thinking was getting more and more difficult, it was taking a lot of effort to formulate coherent thoughts, it was taking a lot of effort not to grimace at the white noise and how it was drilling his ears, how it was making his skin itch.
“This will be the first and only time we meet each other, Miss. Adler.” Mycroft replied coolly.
...who tortured, shot, molested Sherlock in a hospital bed or, worse, raped him on a dirty floor in a basement or against the rack.
Her tears, when she opened her eyes were real. It was possibly the first unplanned thing she had done since she had come back from the United States after Alex’s funeral. The agents ignored her and she looked at the window, seeing the road pass by. For a moment, just a moment, she was scared for the baby. She didn’t care about physical pain, she wouldn’t have lasted long if she had been. She didn’t care about pretty much anything. But she had still a job to do and the people above her, her current bosses (or was it partners? It didn’t matter anyway), wanted her to succeed.
