At the table, that first bite is everything Dean hoped it would be— flaky, lush, and fragrant. It’s tart and unfamiliar on his tongue, and it’s like every bite takes his head higher in the best way possible. He hums contentedly, sharing a warm grin with Sam, but the moment- it’s missing something.
Castiel presses his lips in a line, kneeling in the water to feel out the edge of the seam, and shoves both hands into it.
He shakes his head, shaking off the image that he knew, somehow, wasn't a nightmare. All it is is darkness, anyway- surrounded by water that fades into blackness, empty dark water that never ends no matter how hard he swims. Lungs constantly filling with water, straining for air, but never giving out.
Outside, he adjusts the bait on Jack’s line, and watches it fly.
“Yeah, yeah. C’mon, light’er up.” Dean pushes the bowl back in front of Sam, glancing over at Cas as he hears the lighter click. Castiel still looks like something’s bugging him, head bowed and expression creased as he watches Sam --
, tired and just as affected as any of them. For all his steadiness, he was human, too. Nothing drifts in his shadow, or behind his familiar face. Castiel forces his expression to smooth out, shaking it off, and steps forward to lay a light hand on Sam’s shoulder.
The fog is billowing up from the crack in the floor, a gray pillar Castiel can see rising even from across the room. Curious, he strides toward it, the clouds curling against him like a physical caress, damp fingers on his skin, brushing his hair back. It makes his skin prickle, though it isn’t cold. It tugs at his clothes. It tugs at his
“And the waters, the oracular waters burning underneath us- ask if they can be put out.”
Sam watches him patiently, and he moves forward, the water lapping at his heels. It's as dark as the shadows in the corners.
He reaches up, twisting Castiel’s tie around his fist until he can’t tell if it’s backwards and forwards, and drags Castiel’s mouth up to his. He kisses him hard, teeth clicking as it sets off a tidal wave that crashes down over them. They pull on each other, Castiel’s hand clasping the back of Dean’s neck and Dean’s other hand grabbing at his side to close the distance between their hips.
good, Dean sits on his haunches in front of it like it's magnetized, spacing out contentedly as he studies the way the dough crisps and slowly turns golden.
“You don’t seem all that worried.”
answer. You’re just the conduit.” Sam’s murmur fills his head, and Dean tries to let it, biting his lip before just... letting go.
Castiel is trapped in another loop.
A lion’s part of it is concern for his friend, yes - and he much prefers that motivation, because the rest is that Castiel doesn’t want to go into the endless halls alone again, afraid of where he’ll end up next.
“Well— I mean, yeah, of course, but come on. What’s there to do?”
Castiel is all too accustomed with their pattern by now; Dean steps closer, Dean pulls away, and they move together in a dance with no ending. Admittedly, this is a far bigger step than Dean usually offers, one Castiel would have scoffed as impossible not so long ago. Being in Dean’s bed - being inside him...
He crosses his legs, and grins at Cas, leaning forward to thump the metal counter in front of him. “Come on up, the counter’s warm! Well, dry. Sort of.”
Castiel is looking up and down the halls, but he looks back to Dean at his answer.
Across the table, Sam’s got his sympathetic face on, so Dean must look about as great as he feels.
Dean stiffens, the hair on his arms standing right up as he turns slowly. The puddle sloshes softly around his feet. The soft, welcoming haze hides the corners of the room, and he squints against the dim, still as he is silent. Nothing shows itself. His entire frame is tense, wire-taut. And as soon as he turns, the ringing again slices through the air, but this time like every phone in the world is going off. It’s deafening.
, you look like a fuckin’ nine-foot caveman who ain’t seen daylight in a year, so I guess the real takeaway is maybe remember that grooming is essential to the modern hunter Sam-” he almost giggles, burying his face in his hands and scraping them over his cheeks, “....fuuuck.”
It creaks open before he can answer, and he growls out an annoyed, “Why bother knocking, huh? Could give a guy a chance to, I don’t know, put some clothes on.”
Sam’s route repeats, again and again, Castiel almost transfixed by the oddity. He hadn’t been aware either of the Winchesters had noticed his patterns. His slacks are wet to the knee now, water slowly leaching up into the pressed fabric.
“Cas.”
The ringing is going to drive Dean crazy.
He pauses when he feels Dean’s eyes on him, however. He always knows when Dean is looking at him.
The water is rising around him. The scorched smell of oleander fills his nose, burns at his eyes and seeps into his lungs until he can feel it escaping his mouth and nose with every breath. Drips off the tip of his nose, the wet bow of his lips, his lax fingers.
Castiel should simply enjoy what they’d done for what it had been. That’s what Dean had implied, hadn’t he?
Castiel picks up one of the electrical spools, studying it. It’s large, endless miles of thin coated wire. The one he holds is blue, but there are green and red spools as well. He cocks his head.
the smoke wisps out and Sam straightens. Dean throws up his hands and Sam blinks owlishly at him.
“...How long has it been, since the last Oracle?”
She looks up with a smile, but she isn’t quite the girl he’s been imagining. Older, first off, with elegant lines to her face. And instead of cherry lipstick, she wears a quirked smile on her wet, passion-bruised lips—  and when she stands, he can’t take his eyes off her.
He doesn’t seem to notice, not until Castiel is at the side door. Dean cranes his head back to pause and look at him mid-word, open mouth curving into a tilting grin after a moment.
. The startlingly intimate knowledge that Dean could see him seeing him.
Castiel turns his head to the wall that he and Dean share— and at what point did the wall that was his become the wall that was Dean’s? Precisely in the middle, logically enough, but humans were illogical by nature and ownership was a tricky, imprecise concept at best. Curious to consider, however.
“Are you really so uncomfortable, Dean?”
Castiel purses his lips. “...I don’t know yet.”
“The flowers are olean-” Castiel pauses, picking up the folder on top of the towering pile.
- Jesus, do you hear yourself here?”
“I just figured we could go again. You could ask about your dreams like you wanted to.”
Castiel is above him, hands tight on Dean’s shoulders to keep him still, one slotted so perfectly where he’d first laid a hand on him-- and surprisingly enough, Dean stays.
The air conditioner rattles a few times overhead as they eat, drawing alarmed looks, but nothing comes of it.
As fucking always, he’s entirely attuned to the angel ahead, the way his body goes alert and still. Dean is already taking the last steps two at a time, safety off and he doesn’t stop until he sees what stopped Cas in his tracks.
He’s at a fork in the road; after a moment, he lunges left, and runs.
The real trick is picking out what's actually part of the air system. He just figures houses, bunkers, whatever- they were pretty much like cars, right? They’ve both got bits to keep them going, and it all works together. It’s just a puzzle, he tells himself pointedly as he uncovers yet another goddamn tangle of copper and plastic.
“Dean!”
In the kitchen, he nearly runs right into Sam. Sam, holding two cups of tea, looking less concerned and more like a heatstroke victim, skin flushed pink and hair sticking to his neck.
“Of course, I mean, hell yeah. You know what you’re looking for, so just…” he gestures at his head a little awkwardly, “Peel it out of here, or whatever. It’s fine. I trust you. I mean, I won’t remember, it’s all sorta foggy- you can catch me up after.”
As they draw closer to the bottom, the staircase walls are dotted with jagged rock formations. Unlike the neatly hewn steps, the walls are still natural, thick stalactites -- stalagmites? He never got them straight-- sprouting in messy jumbles. There’s a good one just a few steps down, drawing ever closer. Sturdy-looking, blunt, and more than sharp enough for his purposes. Hopefully not too sharp, or the only plan he’s even halfway got will be over before it starts.
-” as Castiel’s grip slows their hectic pace, fingers digging into denim, into round, firm muscle with just enough give. Castiel’s face is buried in Dean’s neck, mouthing at his skin. He explores with his hands, fingers tracing the fabric seams until they dip between Dean’s thighs, testing, categorizing the different tenors of Dean’s breath as it rises, the way his throat works under Castiel’s lips, how ‘
“Get away from the seam! It’s too much-” Sam is shouting, pulling them backwards. Castiel assists the best he can, stumbling back to his feet and dragging Dean up with him.
“...How long ago was the last Oracle?”
Dean nearly spills his coffee all over himself. The angel inhales deep enough that Dean can practically feel his hair stick up.
for maybe five seconds and—
The clutter in the closet isn’t helpful. His own powers won’t help. His blade’s in his coat on Dean’s floor.
Dean frowns, gripping Sam-not-Sam’s hands tighter, but who-?
. That was the problem, really, because he loved being wanted. He did. It made something light up in his belly, got his jeans a little too tight, and he’s done all kinds of stupid things for less.
He’s never had a dog. He’s never had a son, not like that.
and-- he shakes his head, and tips his flask back.
No, that wasn’t quite accurate. He stands at a crossroads of two halls. He recognizes them. He’s been here before, many, many times. The open door to his left is has been declared a game room, where Dean has placed a old green-felted pool table. To his right, the storage archive. The library isn’t far from here. He knows this.
He looks at Dean askance, brow furrowed. “What is it?”
Or is it
want to drive a day through flatland and hit Omaha?”
But not half as real as the weight of Cas’ hand on the back of his neck, or his hips up against his, angular and hard and, well, ‘hard’, and--
Dean catches sight of half a dozen sigils he sort of recognizes, little patterns wending through a rat’s nest of colored lines, circuits and runes scribed into metal and old plastic-dipped wires.
Everything else has felt like melted time, like - minutes or hours, he couldn’t care less. But this… he feels every second of it, lips sweet on his own as they throw themselves into this, nothing in the world except where his skin meets Cas’.
It’s incessant. Random, persistent, like someone's calling over and over and over - he's tried to find the source, but it's like it comes from nowhere. Even when he hears it, it's like a tinny, nagging echo instead of a full-fledged sound.
Castiel looks down the hallway for the scraping claw marks. Dean follows his gaze, and even unarmed he stalks down the hall.
Meanwhile, Dean has his head braced in his hands as he goes almost cross-eyed watching a drop of water roll down the bridge of his nose. It splashes to the wood without fanfare. He can’t see much else, his hands curved like blinders over his face. Not that his eyes are working right yet, vision blurry and doubling and making his stomach flip like a badly-maintained carnival ride after one too many fried anythings.
Sam’s grabs Castiel by the shoulder. His hands are cold.
“Let go.” Castiel says, and his voice has an odd edge to it he can’t smooth down.
Dean doesn’t look impressed, arms crossed over his chest with a surly look to his face. Castiel watches his hands, Dean’s finger tapping against his sleeve like a drumbeat.
Sam frowns, “Cas wants us to figure this out, right? So we’re doing it. You need him to hold your hand or something?”
Castiel frowns, thumbing the hem of his shirt and feels naked, suddenly, alone in Dean’s room. Naked, and definitely aroused (and he wasn’t the only one), so what was Dean even doing? He is accustomed to waiting, but something about the heat under his skin makes it impossible to simply be
The bunkers knows how to protect itself.
Dean tries to believe him, Cas can see it.
Weirdass dreams with a weight to them that’s hard to shake.
Castiel’s jaw works slowly, and he’s pleased that when he draws his hand back, he does it smoothly.
It’s always work to get the fusebox pried open. The metal is warped somewhere vital — again, him— and the hinges are perpetually jammed.
“Priorities any, Dean— also, what the hell is it?” Sam steps dubiously onto the landing, squinting at the pale sigils. Dean finds he much prefers Sam’s tone to Cas’, an almost placid curiosity more than anything else.
Because it was a daydream.
Sam raises both brows, and Dean shrugs at him.
At least, until he hears that faint fucking ringing again.
“...Around you, perhaps,” Castiel allows. “But with me, he’s been... Distracted. Short-tempered. Cold. He won’t tell me why he’s researching angels, when he could just ask me if he had something he’d like to know, correct? He’s hiding something.”
Not even the siren call of the open road tempts him more than a few moments, he realizes. It throws off his equilibrium, and recalibration is nothing but sluggish. He hesitates, then scowls and plucks the Impala’s keys from his pocket, swings the ring in his hand with a sharp rustle of metal on metal as he gestures for the other two to start moving.
spiders they’re hanging tight with. What matters is that they’re stuck, and they’ll continue to be so until… what? ‘Til he’s a full-fledged loony that can’t tell waking life from dreams?
“Gonna tell me what that was about?” Dean asks when no explanation seems forthcoming.
Castiel enters without waiting for a formal invitation, as he’d learned that the Winchesters rarely offered them, but seldom took exception to him taking the liberty. He comes to his haunches next to where Dean lays sprawled on the floor.
Their trail ends at the stairwell to the garage. Curls of pale smoke lick out from underneath the closed door in tenuous wisps.
“It’s past four, Dean. You’re aware that I don’t sleep. What would I possibly need pajamas for?”
“What? Hell if I know. Why not, add it to the list.” Dean almost shouts for Castiel to hear him over the shrill klaxons.
“It would explain your odd behavior. Sam’s, as well.”
But he doesn’t sense anything. Just the waters, burning raw and unrefined.
Dean tilts his head up, frowning at the ceiling as he realizes that he doesn’t hear the whir of the airvents either. He stills.
“Cas, really, are you okay?”
, fingers digging into the wood until it creaks. And when he finds Castiel’s eyes again, they’ve gone from lightning to thundercloud, a low simmer that catches right in his throat and sends heat coiling tight in his belly.
“N-nothing, I-” Castiel lets go and starts to rise, but Dean’s quicker- maybe he lets him be quicker- hand fisting tighter in Castiel’s shirt. There’s something to his expression, eyes a little too wide, and Castiel can’t read it but he doesn’t like it, either. Dean mulls it over out loud.
Dean breaks the charged silence first. His hips shift under Castiel. It feels purposeful. Testing. He wets his lips, a quick dart of his tongue that Castiel follows intently.
going to fuck a guy, he’d at least have the guts to get his pants off.
“I am present.” Castiel says, low. Dean’s hand doesn’t draw back, and Castiel looks up. Dean’s eyes are on him, watching the soft press of his own fingertips against skin. His thumb barely touches Castiel’s mouth, and Castiel’s skin prickles head to toe in a rolling rush and—
Castiel, while aware of many, many things, was not so specifically aware of that; of course, he knew he was welcome. That he was one of them. But this? It was
Dean rocks up against him, and Castiel grinds back down hard, kiss breaking as the angel sucks in a shuddering breath, and Dean glances down between them dazedly, mouth watering reflexively as he watches how their hips stutter over eachother. He doesn’t know Castiel’s body like
“I intend to. But with everything happening lately…” And with how strangely Sam’s acting, “I think we all should stay together,” Castiel says carefully.
He tries not to think of his bare skin feels against sheets that Dean’s skin has worn smooth, or his scent in the pillow. It’s alien, all of it. He shouldn’t have stayed. All he can do is lay here and convince his mind not to circle back to what they had done.
He's curious, however- while he’s been introduced to many pies over his time with the Winchesters- with Dean- he doesn’t recognize this one at all. It's oddly formed, dough an afterthought, vibrant magenta and pastel pink pulped up inside as he leans down to study it.
His starting and ending point being near the hallway meant that, if he chose, he could go and sit in the library, or the so-called “guest room”, insofar as the Winchesters housed visitors. He has no need for a room of his own, but these served well enough as places to wait.
“It shouldn’t be here… right?” He asks them. Sam only shrugs again.
Dean tugs his lower lip with his teeth, his eyes darting up to Castiel’s face, and suddenly it isn’t unreadable at all- it’s intent, it’s heat, it’s dilated pupils and a part to his lips that speaks indelibly of want, and it crashes over Castiel. Pulls him under.
God, if he can’t even enjoy being a little toasted, then sobering up it is, and the best way he knows how: coffee. Coffee, the mystical sober-up juice of the ages, seconded only by an ice-cold dunk he had no way of engineering.
He holds the wrench out to Castiel with a grin, “Tim ‘the Toolman’ Taylor can kiss my handy ass-”
The soft whisper carries in the steam, and their noses brush before he tastes her mouth on his, her lips still sticky with him, and that slick-stickyness that makes him tingle— he knows it’s a daydream. A fantasy. But damn if he couldn’t taste her tasting him, and if it isn’t the biggest fucking turn-on—
Below, having been assigned to tool duty, Castiel lays out the contents of the rusty toolbox in neat rows by size.
“Yes, that is a succinct way to put it. Anyway, we’ll need to put out the burning waters below us before you’ll return to normal. And I can’t imagine this extended meditative state is all that good for you and Sam.”
“Dean’s not wrong, Cas.” Sam shrugs, unhelpfully. “We might as well save our energy. It’s pretty clear there’s no way past this right now—  so we’ll figure something out.”
An ambrosia-slick thumb ghosts over Castiel’s lower lip. Dean’s voice is rough, low as dusk.
his brain.
He sees a curl in the haze like a thunderhead preaching a coming storm, and follows it to a fan that’s currently pointed at Dean Winchester’s unusually bare feet, swinging lazily in the low-slung haze — but how? He’d left Dean back at the stone only minutes before, hadn’t he?
! What the hell are you doing, man?!”
Castiel’s never really seen him like this; it catches his curiosity. He’s seen Dean sweat before, of course— through brute violence, or action, or otherwise dire circumstances. He’s seen Dean in repose as well, cheek plastered against the library table between piles of books, or his too-long form crumpled into the backseat of the Impala.
that stares at me but he doesn’t say a word and his eyes are burning all gold and— I can’t take it, Sam, everything’s so calm here but I can’t close my eyes--"
Castiel watches for a moment longer, because now all he sees is
He holds out for a minute before he shifts uncomfortably, shuddering a bit at the feel of his cock bumping against his skin.
Good thing the compulsion wasn’t what he was trying to break.
should be the kitchen.” Castiel’s hand scrapes over the back of his neck with a scoff, “And
Cas, both of them moving together in a perfectly discordant rhythm of hips fucking up into each other, jeans scraping against slacks, Dean’s cock burning against his zipper but he can’t bring himself to pull away long or far enough to do anything about it.
Meanwhile, Sam turns notably cooler eyes to Castiel. Dean makes a mental note to corner his brother later and pry out whatever he’s so pissy about with Cas. The two of them being at odds never fails to make him antsy, like it’s Sam and Dad all over again and he can’t relax until they’re off each others’ throats. At least Sam and Cas not getting along was a hell of a lot less common.
“‘As much as I’- you’re sayin’ it’s... that doesn’t make sense, you mean if I went up to it ‘n gave it a shove, it’d just tip on over? Bullshit.”
“Dean, are you-”
“Cas?”
The steam suddenly bellows up around him like it’s objecting to his intrusion, stinging at his eyes, clinging to his lashes until he can barely see.
There’s not much room in the front seat where Dean sprawls, nor does the man seem inclined to sprawl any less, and Castiel finds himself laying crosswise in the backseat. His feet hang awkwardly out the side door.
“...I mean, probably,” Dean concedes, albeit grudgingly. “I call the one from this decade, though. You can have the one that wails like Mary Magdalene.”
“You gonna waste all this?”
Sam lets him go, and takes his weight. Dean’s head slumps against his brother’s shoulder--
to find anything.” His voice hits an irritated growl.
Something small in him
“Oh! Hey, did he tell you he figured it out?”
--knocks the decanter over.
“Better…?” Dean asks from behind Castiel’s shoulder. This time, he’s actually asking, voice pitched low in calculated comfort, soothing and placating both as he studies him. The line of Castiel’s shoulders smooths slightly.
Dean does as told and finds himself actually trying, waiting for Sam to ask again.
Sam stands behind them both, watching quietly. His expression is furrowed, an unfamiliar purse to his lips that Castiel can’t read. Both of them are acting oddly, and Castiel can’t shake his unease, but he pushes forward. Something tells him that if they can just finish this one task, drag themselves out into the dead summer air— it would be enough.
. Those very marks hid Dean now, in this confounding labyrinth.
The adrenaline is spilling out of him. The world is going as flat as his lungs feel, losing contrast and shadows. And Dean realizes that this? This fucking milk run? This is it.
“It’s Sammy. His whole
“Quit working yourself up, Cas, it’s just— an oversized rock.” Dean scoffs, because c’mon. It was true, right?
Nothing happens. He tries again, frowning at the general vicinity of the ceiling as the dull red lights blink vapidly at him.
“Humans drink it during rites, or before battle. The anointing readies them. Their voice… mouth…” He traces Dean’s lips, leaving them wet as he speaks. “Preparing them, as a vessel. To open and receive.” He touches Dean’s forehead, “Mind.” Down, then, to circle around his heart.
got eight hour’s sleep twice in a row? This is good for us! Nothing says we can’t just drag our feet this one time.”
“It’s labeled, Dean.”
-It feels like nothing. He can still hear Sam, sure, but it’s like he’s underwater, drifting in and out of range, nothing but warm vibrations rolling over his skin.
He doesn’t remember going to bed, or when, but he must have. He remembers sharing a drink with Cas- and then, nothing but weirdass dreams.
Castiel doesn’t have the will in him not to nod.
Dean straightens up, watching him as his hand slides to his own jeans, and he undoes them with a practiced flick. Castiel’s gaze drags down to watch as he draws himself out, hard and flushed and just starting to glisten in his hand.
Castiel had thought he wasn’t awake, but Dean’s voice, while coarse with sleep, is just pointed enough to be aimed right at him.
It’s like what Dean’s hearing isn’t quite lining up with what he’s saying, out of sync like an old Godzilla dub. Still, he swallows and pushes on.
“If I leave you or Sam, I can’t find my way. I was wrong about the steam - it’s affecting my senses as well, but- differently than either of you. And it’s happening more and more often, Dean, I’m-” He gritted out a breath, “I am concerned.”
“What the hell would he have to gain outta lying to us? He’s stuck too, remember? Maybe he’s just going loopy.”
Castiel's true form is broader than all of this; his wings could encircle the entirety of the bunker with ease. 'Lost' is an unforeseeable concept, and yet. And yet.
Instead, he floats on his back, the tall, ragged ceiling obscured by viscous clouds. A thread of light bleeding in through a cracked ward refracts in the fog, particles dancing like dust motes, and he thinks distantly, that that was it. The earthquake. That insignificant, nothing crack is how she got out. How he got here.
“Dean, last night… It was a mistake. The ambrosia-”
It takes Castiel too long to find either of the brothers, going down the same endless halls until he finally recognizes the archive room, and he sees someone’s been there. A lamp shines from the desk, a warm welcoming glow in the refracting haze. Folders are strewn everywhere, marooned in haphazard puddles, soaking up water and smearing their faded type.
He ignores their voices, letting the ice of the stone sink into him, and closes his eyes.
Castiel is on Dean’s left, hair still wet, curling and sticking to the nape of his neck. There isn’t much more to see, because he’s got his forehead flat on the table.
It was definitely just another dream then, he decides, just his subconscious mind - dick, more like- looking for an outlet while he was high as fuck. It wasn’t like there much time to get laid, these days. Lebanon was home now, which meant complicated, which meant Lebanon women were off limits. One night stands had lost their shine over the years.
outta this-”
“Well, I want it to-”
“Hold up— ‘oracular’? You mean—”
He trails off and moves closer, dipping his fingers into his glass again and leaving them dripping. He reaches out, trailing the line of Dean’s neck, furrowing his brows in concentration. Dean jumps and his fingers tighten on the decanter, but other than that he doesn’t move as Castiel continues.
Dean glances aside to Castiel, because they probably should have discussed this first.
But Castiel braces both hands on the chair to shift and lifts himself up. It’s just an inch, barely two, but Dean feels the empty air between them like a blow, startled as he looks back up at him, searching.
Dean scowls, “Well, how about all this then?” He flicks a splash of water at Sam from the puddle.
Dean scrapes a hand through short-shorn hair, leaving it sticking up in a trail behind his fingers. His skin’s flushed, sweat prickling on him and glistening in the dim hall light.
to try and figure this out. Dean tries to think, scraping for a foothold, but Sam’s falling away and the floor is falling away and the walls peel off in slow motion. The world blooms, kaleidoscoping out of focus.
Castiel had at first tried to convince him to move away from the stone, but Dean has been thoroughly and perversely recalcitrant, and Sam has been no help.
“It’s possible. The earthquake may have shaken something out of place.”
What’s the point of any of this if nothing ever changes? If all he does is grapple and climb to stay in the same damn place?
Almost as much as Cas’ expression, right before he ran away.
“Green-- what, immortal being but you’re colorblind? It’s blue. Quit with the backseat driving, Cas.”
Sam and Castiel both pause to turn an even stare on him.
Afterward, cooled down even if the water was somehow barely below body temperature, Dean returns to the kitchen relaxed. He drops the glass empties into the recycling bin Sam insisted they should try.
the shower; he just trades wet for dry, and not even that for long once he was dressed again.
Dean’s barely opened his mouth before she continues,
He’s already feeling hazy, smoke curling in his lungs as he sinks into the spell, Castiel’s face disappearing into the gray as Dean falls back through the counter. It’s different than before, soft velvet wrapping around him rather than the rolling wave of black that hit him before and put him under.
“I’m lost.” Castiel says, and even turned away Dean can tell his brows are furrowing knots in his forehead.
“I also saw that there’s not much to do about it. So why rake up a fuss where there ain’t one? It’s not like staying put is gonna kill anybody, right? What the hell’s better out there? It’s all just angels and monsters and petty gods who couldn’t be assed to find a family counselor rather’n rip up the whole damn world.” Something in the line of his mouth twists bitterly before smoothing. “Not like we’re gonna go all Cloverfield Lane if we all stay inside and enjoy not dealing with… all that, because for whatever goddamn creepy, messed-up reason it’s gonna inevitably be— it’s quiet here, Cas. Stone quiet. Not a damn case for
It’s one Castiel runs through this time, hallway after hallway, shouting Dean’s name for he doesn’t know how long. Every door looks the same; he can’t even find the marker of his tie to return where he started and wait for Dean at his room.
“...That smell, again. It’s so familiar.”
Castiel nods after a moment, trailing after.
No. That isn’t Dean, not at all. Not willingly. There’s been something wrong with Dean for days, and what has Castiel done? Taken advantage. Crawled onto his lap and parted his lips and--
Dean swears again as he follows another rune-scribed wire to dusty, dingy nowhere.
This shedding leaves a soft black trail behind his footsteps, however, and with such an obvious trail marker, there’s no way he’ll mistake where he’s been. He doesn’t have to worry about staying lost. He see the stairwell in the near distance eventually, and heads towards it.
“Ha, well— maybe, stick around more often, alright? Get some use out of it.” Dean swallows as Castiel’s hand falls back to his side, and he rubs the back of his neck, looking up and down the hallways.
There’s no need to spend another moment here. Maybe it’s being in Dean’s room that’s sharpening the air between them, putting Castiel on edge. This is Dean’s private sanctum, and Castiel doesn’t belong.
“I haven’t,” Castiel agrees, crouching down if only to stop hovering. Dean twists to follow his motion, turning onto his side and propping his head up to watch him.
Something keeps ringing.
“...The library, right? The whiskey- no, uh, ambrosia?- and we…”
Something touches Dean’s back and he’s
Dean slumps into the mattress, exhaling a “Fuck.
“You, uh, need a second to memorize that?” Dean jokes, but Castiel doesn’t answer, staring intently at the number on Dean’s door. He lifts a hand to his tie, loosening it, Dean’s eyes following the motion as his throat goes dry.
The beast- ‘beast’, because Castiel has no earthly idea what it is- has no place in here. It couldn’t, not with all of their wards and sigils.
“...You do look like you need another. You look… sticky.” Castiel leans in a little closer, studying, and Dean's eyes meet his for half a second before he lifts his hand to shoo at him.
The burning blue sky of his eyes, fixed on him like he could see right into him, like maybe Dean doesn’t need to find the right words if Cas can just
“No! No, but… the stone, it might, right? I’m thinking a tower of Babel?”
He settles fully atop the other man. Dean shifts under him, their hips pressing - and Castiel knows the ambrosia is out of his system but it still feels like a high, the sudden shock of arousal in his blood.
He’s taken a few more loops around the bunker, stepping over puddles and wading through haze to his ankles, and every time his mind drifts, that goddamn concern itching at his hindbrain drags him back.
Dean’s eyes rove over Castiel’s skin, the cut of his hips, the flushed jut of his arousal- his face is unreadable, and Castiel feels something uncertain build in his throat as Dean stills.
sex-deprived hindbrain keeps circling back around to unexpectedly hot images that he isn’t sure he can face actual, real Castiel with and think about at the same time without frying some essential circuits. He figures maybe he can walk it off, grab some coffee, twist Sam’s arm until the guy talks. Sam would help. Sam always helps, even if only because being around Sam is probably the most surefire way to scrape his brain out of the gutter. This was all just stupid anyway, this shouldn’t bother him, wet dreams weren’t exactly unfamiliar territory and they’d never gotten in his way before, so why now, right?
Sam’s broad shoulders emerge from the stairwell, climbing up to frown at the crack and then, at them. Despite it, Dean can’t help the familiar frisson of relief at seeing him.
“There are several tons of earth above us, Dean. Were the bunker to collapse, a table would only prolong your suffering.”
“C’mon, Dean, we survived whole summers in the Impala. At least here, there’s room to stretch out. We even have a few fans around, don’t we?”
And maybe, maybe something in him had done it in a backwards, spiteful way, like if he’s gonna do it with a guy, he’s gonna go all the way. Maybe he’s tired of tiptoeing around himself. He had nobody to prove anything to
“I hope somebody rescues you from your watch, one day.” Her voice stings at his ear, static and searing. “But mine is sure as hell over.”
Castiel’s chest hurts cavernously.
Castiel looks troubled, truly troubled, and Dean can’t help but reach out. He lays a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. It’s wound tight under pressed layers of coat and shirt and he remembers muscle shifting under it and-- no.
“Good.” Cas presses a kiss to his forehead, then to his mouth, and it’s inexplicably pleasing when he lets go of Dean’s wrists and Dean, stubborn and ill-behaved Dean, leaves his arms over his head where Castiel had placed them, hands tightening on nothing. The position tightens the muscles of his arms and chest, lean and compact, muscle shifting under warm skin as Castiel simply looks at him, something warm and tight and too fond brimming dangerously in his ribs.
Castiel forgets about blinking, concern forgotten as he looks Dean up and down, lingering on every bared inch. His chest, his soft but smooth stomach, the defined indent of his hips, the compact muscle of his thighs and a perfect flushed-
And Dean realizes belatedly that he’s a complete idiot. If he’d just let Sam shoo Cas off, he could’ve gotten a real, solid answer about the night before, no strings attached. Wave off the last stubborn two percent of doubt in his head-- and figure out if some of the tension in Cas’ shoulders is his fault.
-and then he realizes in the chaos that only one of the landlines was blinking green.
Dean snorts over a sidelong look, both brows raised. “...Works on angels too, I’m guessing?” It’s almost a tease, the way he laughs. “...Well, you know what, Cas? I’m gonna enjoy it while it lasts.”
Castiel can’t answer, because ‘
Everything and nothing looks familiar, and irritation crawls glacially up his spine, gathering at the base of his skull. He’s been lost every hour on the hour lately, and this is the last place he should be lost. This is home. Hours and hours, researching beside the Winchesters. The kitchen should be two turns to the right.
He frowns and gathers some of the mess as he wades toward the desk, lifting a page to examine it. Perhaps it had been a lead- Sam had mentioned research, hadn’t he? But this isn’t Sam’s sort of mess. Sam has a familiar, controlled clutter, stacks ordered up around him in reach. There was no method to this chaos.
He gives one lingering look of concern to Dean and Sam, and hesitates.
If you're enjoying this, please consider sharing our tumblr/twitter posts:
Castiel’s brow knit. “Are you purposefully being obtuse? You saw the stone—”
He’s been trudging around puddles in the bunker for almost an hour, listening for it to start again, any clue as to where it’s actually coming from; he’s notched off all the possibilities, every phone and alarm- he’d even checked the carbon monoxide plugin one that someone (Sam) had put down in the garage.
But Castiel is going to try.
he looks, and he’s fucking good at it.
“...I presume the cold shower is for your heightened temperature, and not inappropriate thoughts.” Castiel says.
“Cas?” He hears him murmur, and when Castiel opens his eyes Dean is sitting up in the front seat, an arm slung over the back. No longer haloed in oleander, a twig is caught in his short-cropped hair; pale petals grace his shoulders. One is caught, right at the bolt of his jaw. Castiel draws himself up after a moment, lifting a hand, and his fingers rasp over soft stubble as he brushes the petal free.
“Well, that was— unpleasant,” Sam manages, a little raspy around the edges.
“You’ve been odd as well, but you’ve still been
“Sam. I’ve been looking for you. Have you found anything?” Castiel pauses, “...Are you well? There was this pie, down in the kitchen--”
Dean coughs rather than choke on air, pushing himself up from his seat.
“...That was natural, right?”
He steels his shoulders, wills what’s left of his grace, and
moment in his head. He’s already told himself he’s done thinking about it, and usually that’s a pretty reliable trick of his— but still, Cas’ cheek is stubbled and warm under his hand, and his mouth under the pad of his thumb… Well, it has some unanticipated staying power.
“So, uh, what’d you want to talk about?”
How would Sam even know that? Maybe it was working, this whole crazy thing, and- “...They had oracles too, then? The Men of Letters?”
it on the flat on his tongue, to let it sit, languid and bursting and warm.
“Y-” Castiel hesitates for a second- how? It was
Green, he simply used for Dean; the kitchen, his game room.
It’s hard to keep his mind to himself, her magnetic pull dragging his feet forward and filling his head with fog-- but as long he’s going the direction she wants him to go, his head isn’t entirely clouds, not yet.
Dean realizes Castiel is waiting for him to lead the way, and he turns on his heel toward the rooms. He hears Castiel muttering as they walk, a, “left. Forward. Left. Right,” until they reach his door, the angel half a step from him the whole time. They almost collide when Dean stops in front of his room, shoulders bumping.
It’s already starting to dwindle, a dull seep instead of a rush.
Sam. Sam, behind him, jeans soaking up warm water at the edge of their shallow lake. His hands are full, bowls and jars and little things.
“And heart.”
“And?”
“And in the meantime, if that’s the worst of it? Halle-freakin’-lujah. C’mon. Let’s make sure this place is all still in one piece.”
needing it sometimes.
“Good, your turn then. My throat’s dry as hell. Cas, make some room.” Dean gestures for Castiel to trade spots with Sam. He thumps where Castiel was sitting, giving Sam a grin as Sam frowns at him.
“‘It?’”
“...Okay.”
It doesn’t take long for the three of them to canvasse the rest of the bunker—  and converge again in the kitchen with nothing new. It’s midafternoon by Dean’s internal clock, and his phone confirms it as much as the stifling warmth. It’s late summer in Lebanon, Kansas, and unseasonably warm, even underground and buffered by concrete and wards and who knew what else.
It glows faintly, embers burning at the bottom somehow. She comes to him then, clutching his jaw.
Well, if something outside
Castiel’s hands slide to Dean’s hips, pulling him closer-- and rolls them over, Dean flat against the bed, Castiel still caught between his thighs.
After a moment of hedging, Dean dips his fingers into the oil. They drip. His finger slips slick down his face, leaving thin, wet strips. It feels ridiculous and a little gross- but it also feels like readying for war, like whatever the feeling of flowers opening to the sun is.
Blue skies, tall trees, sunwarmed river rocks- and Jack, Baby’s keys in the kid’s pocket. He watches him cast off, copying the way Dean had done it with utter concentration. Dean pushes down the furious, helpless loss building like a storm behind his ribs and shows Jack what it's like to embrace the quiet calm of nothing much, their lines glinting in the sun.
Her hands drag up his sides, tracing the lines of his last rib, the way it gives just a little under her touch before she continues. When her fingers run over his chest, they’re different than before; broader, callused.
“Yeah, no kidding.” Dean replies tartly.
Castiel is sure this is going to kill him.
Dean rolls his eyes, leaning past him to run his fingers over each switch, finding several popped. He makes a small, satisfied sound, flipping them and listening for the cool rush of air.
Still, inaction has never sat right with him. So he chooses a direction that feels as correct as any other and starts walking, confidently enough, until he realizes it’s a stairwell up. The library is not up. But it allows Castiel re-orient himself, because there’s only one thing upstairs. He’s at the garage.
“And you’re smelling this stuff... Now? So you’re saying that we’re ‘breathing in’ all these future fumes. And those oracles, wouldn’t they, y’ know, get super high? Wait, are we—” Dean tilts his head back to look at him, brows drawing, “Are we
Dean’s breath is stuck in syrup-thick lungs. He doesn’t move, doesn’t blink, as Castiel’s tongue slides down the divide of his thumb and forefinger. The ambrosia in his blood beats louder with every lick, the world narrowing down to the heat in his belly and the mouth on his skin.
One problem at a time, right? And this is going to be the easiest. After, the cool air will let him get his head right, and then they can tackle the rest. That was the plan they’d cobbled together, anyway. Head to town, hit the Home Depot, and dig in. Hopefully before the unsettling quiet of the last couple weeks breaks open, and they’re hit with the usual hail of missing people and fishy coincidences and plain old monster hunts.
At nothing. His blade cracks uselessly against a tile in the wall, shattering a long line in the ceramic with a screech.
He makes no sense of it. But, all things told, part of knowing Dean seemed to simply be knowing his limitations.
It looks ridiculous, and Dean almost snorts. Then Sam lifts the smoking bowl, breathing it in- and transforms, head falling back abruptly, lips parting. His eyes roll into his head. Dean’s pulse jumps.
that curl of steam was fresh from an oven in a familiar kitchen-
the door break open--
Castiel has to pull his attention back. Right. They were arguing. Castiel has no desire to argue, but something about the tension of it keeps scraping his nerves, and he gives it one last try.
“...I mean, no. It’s empty. You… don’t wanna take a look, even?”
“Look, maybe it’s just some sort of weird wordplay or whatever, alright?? We didn’t exactly finish, and- you know what? Let’s just go to him. Get it sorted out, not guess behind his back.”
But it’s his last chance to do it right, so when Sam gives him a puzzled smile, Dean swallows down the pain and gestures him over. He’s going to do this right. He has to.
He swears and slings himself out of bed, rubbing away the haze in his eyes. Stretching for the lampswitch floods the room with too-bright light—  and reveals nothing but clear air around himself, despite the pervasive heat. He blinks, scanning the room. In the top corner, the air vent, spits out the frailest curls of steam.
Sam bows his head, flipping open a folder, and it feels like the shadows snap back into place. His tone is brisk. “We’re not figuring out anything running around. If you want us all in the same room, you can go get Dean yourself, alright? I’m busy.” He doesn’t look up again; it’s an obvious dismissal.
He can feel his wings growing heavier with the steam bearing down on him. He’s unused to feeling the weight of the feathers beyond a faint, ever present sense of being; they’re unsettlingly material, bowing under their own weight to drape over him like a dark canopy as he leans over the vent.
are a wonderful method of divining inspiration <3
Dean takes personal offense to this because 2am Dean has already reached his limit on blunt, but Sam’s already on the ball, waving a conciliatory hand in the air.
Dean pauses.
“I told Sam we should stay together.”
He stops there. This door he recognizes before he opens, but only because steam pours out of the seams of the door in waves so thick they seem solid. The water is deeper here, nearly to his knees.
for a minute.”
It feels like his dreams.
It’s all black, all empty, and Castiel wonders if he’s dead again.
And then-
The way Dean misses the beat isn’t entirely his fault, to be fair; Castiel’s hands have slid down his back to cup what must be a perfect ass, fingers digging into warm skin hard enough to mark as Dean urges him on. Castiel’s rubbing and spreading, fingertips sliding against his own cock where they joined and dragging a wild moan from Dean’s throat and a groan from deep in his own. It only encourages Castiel to explore, fingering the slick stretched rim of skin with some wonder as he slid in and out of him-
Dean frowns, blinking as he realizes that it’s quiet again. Not silent like the air’s gone dead, but quiet like normal.
Sam nods at that, gives an easy shrug, “So hang tight, and enjoy your pie. I’ll be right back.”
Castiel can nearly feel his brows furrowing grooves into his face.
Dean’s hands touch his cheeks, just fingertips. Castiel stills to look up at him. Dean himself doesn’t quite stay still- he rakes a hand down his flushed face, looking away and then back at Castiel, starting to say something once or twice before getting it out. “I- fuck, hey, we’re doing this, right?” It’s like the words are tumbling out before he can stop himself, “I want to do something stupid, Cas, it’s really stupid, I just-”
But Sam’s name dies on his lips as something huge rounds the corner.
“This dinosaur-ass piece of shit… Cas, hand me the pliers.”
is details. And if we’re gonna start rounding people up for acting weird, I’m not sure you’re the poster kid for ‘normal’ here. He’s just stressed, same as us.” He spun the top back onto his flask with a violent flick of his thumb. “Besides, you still haven’t given me even one good god damn reason why he’d do it.”
Wet, hot, vivid dream.
“West.”
ago, right here. Right where his blade had been. “Yes.”
“A marker. So I recognize your room when I pass by. Don’t take it off.”
But the garage is somehow worse than the halls, thick clouds swirling up around Castiel’s midsection as he wades through nothing. The cars sit motionless in the fog, rows of them, silent glinting curves, metallic islands dotted in a sea of atmosphere. His steps echo wetly as he walks.
He rolls over and shoves his face into his pillow with a muffled groan, but recoils when he finds it damp with sweat— and that was it, that last straw he’s been looking for. Giving up, he drags himself out of bed, rubbing sandpaper from his eyes as his back aches all the way to the shower. On the way, the clock reminds him that it’s nearly six in the AM— something he sorely considers both success in lasting that long and a parting potshot, seeing as it’s barely been two hours since his face hit the damn pillow.
He can’t make much sense of what he finds. Studies, records, a crumpled photograph pried from a stapled stack. He smooths it flat to see a dark-haired woman staring up at him. The photograph was clearly old, from whatever era the rest of the papers were from.
“Dean, I’m not certain you-”
Dean’s grip goes loose on Castiel’s shoulder, fingers sliding off. He hits the ground. The splash snaps Castiel back; he twists to find Dean, leaving behind the yawing black hole of nothing he’d torn open behind them.
...Right?
The realization that it actually
“Fifty-seven spiders, a lost mouse, and endless bacteria and other microorganisms.”
Dean’s vision blurs here and there like rain on a windshield, but Sam isn’t wrong. Dean isn’t falling. Neither of them are. They’re not talking outloud, but Dean can see the connection between them, twining their consciousness together, and what Sam said about mind syncing makes sudden and perfect sense.
“Sure.”
Before Dean can ask what that has to do with anything, sour years of half-life and pain a different flavor than his own rattle through his system, soaking in decades of empty darkness below, waters her only company.
Dean’s drunk, sure, he is
Dean considers the tall ceilings without really looking at them, twirling his glass in his hand lazily. “You’d hit, ah, Des Moine, then. Then Omaha, because who
Castiel frowns, swinging his legs off the bed to stand. His navy socks are instantly soaked black, squelching in a distinctly unpleasant manner as he leans into the hallway. The floors are covered with water, reaching up to his ankles and soaking further up his leg as his socks gather up the water greedily. He misses his shoes.
His gaze drops down between them for a moment, the way they looked this close.
“... I’ll be back with Dean. We can all three figure this out together, I’m sure of it. I think I have a lead.”
Stilling himself, he waits. He remembers Dean’s knife in his hand, and almost regrets giving it back to him, or not finding another. He could have taken any of the weapons so lovingly arranged on the wall, he knows without a doubt Dean wouldn’t have begrudged him for it - Dean is complicated, but not when it comes to this.
or whatever had been in those godforsaken 'brownies' and Dean has a moral duty to protect it from that hideous fate. But mostly, because he hasn’t had homebaked pie in months and months and even then it was just picked from a glass case and nuked, but at least out of sight so he could
And somehow, despite Dean’s lack of enthusiasm (or practical knowledge of any ventilation systems that weren’t directly connected to the Impala), he finds himself the one up on top of the ancient, tottering ladder he found in the back of the storage room.
Dean cranes back to glare down at him, jerking instead as the ladder wobbles and his pulse jumpstarts.
“This is way more friggin’ complicated than it’s got any right to be. Half of this… who knows. It’s like we’ve got everything under the sun up here…”
...so hey, we're back! new goal: finishing this beastie before fifteen airs. (backup goal, lbr: finishing this beastie before it's all over)
Castiel hesitates before climbing up to sit across from him, leaving them properly face to face for the first time since Dean’s dream. Castiel rubs at his temples as he settles, and Dean could swear the lines around his eyes look deeper than even yesterday.
Scowling, Dean starts to go through the phones, grabbing them one by one and listening to each with narrowed eyes. Still,
“A tower of-- that doesn’t make any sense, Sam.” Sam should know this, but perhaps he’s more affected than Castiel has seen so far, and Castiel takes a step closer. “Are you sure you aren’t feeling ill? The leaves in that pie--”
, his gaze dragging down to Castiel’s mouth and then back to his eyes.
He knows now what waters are burning, below their bunker.
He wishes he could sleep; there’s something appealing about the way Dean softens with his eyes closed, limbs growing lax, breathing evening out as the minutes tick by. It looks peaceful.
Deeper below, the air is liquid, humid and sweltering. Dean doesn’t know if the water dripping down his skin is sweat or condensation from the rocky ceiling, but he’s soaked through. He blinks water out of his eyes, step catching as he spots what’s got to be warding symbols, long glowing marks carved into the wall. Something in him claws for attention.
Dean was drunk, the weight of his eyelids giving him away. That, and the way he lingers on Castiel a little too long - and that’s what finally makes Castiel’s collar feel too tight on his neck, not the heat. And certainly not the way Dean’s shirt is sticking damply to his neck, overshirt abandoned.
The world is all steam and soft and slippery around him, head bowed as he looks down at himself, something sparking startled as he recognizes the hands cupped around his ribcage, even if he’s never seen them like
He lets out a breath, stymied, and backtracks. The floor tiles beneath his feet remain foreign, as if he’ve never worn his indecipherable tread into them. Thinking of the mundane holy markers of his pilgrimage, he begins again.
Dean doesn’t exactly have a comeback for that, it was true- “So are you!”
he, seriously, but another glance at Castiel’s hands and he fumbles the pass. He settles for giving him a look as Sam’s stupid mouth curves.
“One of us plays oracle, and the other asks the questions.”
Dean shakes his head, waving it off. “It’s fine- it’s fine. Don’t worry about it, Sam. We’ll try again another time, alright?”
“O-kay. Sure. How about you tell me more about what you want help with, and I--”
So… it’s been a while… and we didn’t finish this before 15… but after lying on the floor for about a week, that finale has spurred us back to work. And this wasn’t a fix-it fic before... but by god it is now. Next chapter will be posted as soon as we edit it. <3 (Also, the rating is going up soon for Reasons, you’re welcome)
It was clear they were going to continue to be unhelpful. Castiel could start the research on his own, and if Sam cared to join him later, then all the better. It isn’t as if they could come to harm simply resting… And in the larger barometer of things, if Dean weren’t worrying after Sam as he tended to at the slightest pindrop, could there really be anything to worry about?
The idea of his own room was a stupid one, a useless concept, yes, but— it was strangely interesting. Exciting, almost. He remembered his days as a human, that deep-seated yearning for a safe place to lie his head and leave his few possessions. A place to be still, when one wasn’t working or on the road or on the case, as it often was. It was an important place, symbolically and physically; he remembered the line of Dean’s shoulders, the first time Castiel had come to the bunker and been given the ‘tour’ as it were. The tentatively proud set to his jaw— the way he kept stealing glances at Castiel, looking for his reaction. His approval, perhaps, or just a shared pleasure, the same that he wore as they went through room after room. Theirs.
Castiel has been silently staring at the stone for awhile now.
“-- who were you talking to, Dean?”
“About time, Sam. C’mon, daylight’s a’wasting.”
“-Sam, I think I have some ideas, but I’ll need the research references you borrowed from the archives. Could you get them for me?” Castiel interrupts.
Dean scowls, dragging his battered towel over his skin with a ferocious little twist, and leaves behind a shower’s worth of useless thoughts. It wasn’t as if it was any cooler
“No.” Dean says, and Castiel resists the urge to scowl. There’s a knot in his chest he can’t quite untangle that weighs too heavy on his lungs, guilt and frustration and anger- at himself, at
Dean would never forgive him if he used the word out loud, but he was beautiful.
He brings the blossom to his nose and inhales. The scent of it is strong, baked syrup-sweet, the flower half-wilted from the steam. The floral scent mingles nicely, familiarly, with the alien scent that taunts at him so—  they were often intertwined.
“...But sure. Why the hell not, huh? Maybe it’ll at least make Cas happy- then he can cool his jets and relax.”
“OD’d a little on the oracle vape, got it.” He fumbles for his coffee, slugs it down. It’s black, bitter and cold. Hadn’t Sam just given it to him? He doesn’t dare look up across the kitchen at the clock, but he twists his wrist to find his watch, disoriented by the gap in time.
“...Sam?” He said, grip tightening.
Worse yet, it’d been all him- Castiel probably wouldn’t have pushed to go all the way, but Dean, no, Dean had to jump in fucking headfirst.
Sam’s eyes are already closed, but Dean can see them moving underneath paper-thin lids as Sam breathes in slowly, then exhales soft steam. His lips drip with it. Dean can’t look away as they start to move like they’re shaping foreign syllables.
tug. Castiel crooks his brows at him as Dean yawns, big and messy.
Dean’s still looking at him askance, and Castiel repeats himself, in case he was mistaken. He’s not often at the bunker for long, not lately; perhaps it’s come into use.
“Hey, if that’s what it takes to get your head out of the gears and gets me back in bed? Fine, you big baby.”
Castiel kneels down before it, and peers into the dark.
Dean moans into his mouth and Castiel almost forgets to close his eyes, but as soon as he does the world flips on its axis. Castiel’s back hits the mattress with a whump and he reaches out to catch at Dean’s waist, if only to hold onto something.
Dean remembers, faintly, the ‘her’ from before, so there must be. Maybe it- she- wasn’t in here with them, maybe it was something outside, or around - there were ‘no lies in the telling’ as Sam put it, so there had to be something to it he didn’t understand yet.
He takes a steps back, and turns.
Jack, Miracle, a milk run that ends in rebar and blood-
read the angel- but to be real, it was a safe enough bet. Right now, though, Dean’s got no idea what’s going through the angel’s head.
“Why not?”
She exhales, calmer. “You don’t need any of that.”
There’s not much he can argue there. Soon enough, he’s plugging in a creaky fan next to his bed and angling it for maximum air. It’d be cooler if he left the door open, but it feels strange- not like he hasn’t slept in dodgier places, basically out in the open even if his back’s against the wall or Sammy or shelter.
Castiel looks back to the wall, back turned neatly to Dean. It’s quiet. Dean clears his throat.
So, for a while now it’d just been him and, well. Him.
Dean’s reading had confirmed that much. But manifestations of the mind hold their own dangers, and he’d already been thrown across the hall like so much scrap once - he doesn’t care to find out what it’s doing here and what its intentions are.
Dean grins and lights the bowl in response. Smoke curls up between them instantly.
Castiel tries to pull him closer, close the distance, but Dean resists. He splays his hand on Castiel’s stomach to pin him as he lifts himself up, sliding down to straddle Castiel’s thighs and hook his fingers in Castiel’s waistband. He slides both Castiel’s slacks and boxers down to his thighs in one movement, baring him.
“Wait, so what’ve you been reading for the past twenty minutes, then?” Sam asks with a confused frown, brows up.
Dean coughs, waving to clear his vision. He still has a hand on Castiel, blunt fingers digging in his shoulder. Trying to drag him back. But Castiel feels rooted to the spot, the steam holding him there, pouring into his lungs to blacken him from the inside. He’s molting again, the darkness dripping around him, closing in on him. He can feel wet feathers on his arms, slimy like mold.
He looks back up to Dean with furrowed brows and opens his mouth to ask, but then Dean’s swinging a leg over his and kissing him fervently, all teeth and tongue and Castiel is left clutching the packet in one hand and clinging to Dean with the other.
“Nah. Nah, don’t be.”
Castiel opens his mouth, then pauses carefully. “... Ask him if there’s someone in the bunker with us. A her.”
Her hand skims his chest, scraping a pink nail over his nipple and smiling sweet as it knots, as he jumps a little at the coil of heat.  Piercing eyes — not blue, not like the girl he thought he was dreaming, but ones that make his breath catch in his chest, and he reaches out to feel her in response.
How the hell could he know for sure? What’s he supposed to do, waltz up to Castiel and go
“Sam, if you need anything…”
“...Sam, I think something’s wrong with me.”
First he’s gonna have to work at convincing his
He furrows his brow, gnawing on his lip.
the frown in Castiel’s voice. “Dean, do you think we could speak alone?” Castiel shifts, lifting his head.
Afterwards, he stands at the side of the bed, Dean already dozing by some wonder despite everything, and Castiel already regretting his decision to stay by the time he’s lowered himself back onto Dean’s mattress.
--Dark. It’s
“What the hell is
“You’re gonna have to speak up—  who is this?” Dean repeats.
Especially right now, rumpled and sated, lashes a dark smudge against his cheek.
“Come on, Cas. I’ve got an idea.”
That’s when he hears it. Familiar chords, slipping through the dense haze. A song, one he’s heard before— and he doesn’t know what the song is, but he knows the sense memory it draws: gleaming black paint, barely perceptible freckles, green eyes and an open road bleached noon-bright.
He presses forward, following as Sam drifts through the halls. It is, he realizes after a few moments, the same exact route he himself takes. He pauses by the kitchen, that sacred gathering place, and the bottom of the garage stairwell, where the Impala soundly rests. The round line of rooms, empty and otherwise. Sam’s room itself, the door open and room dark. Dean’s, the fan wedged into the doorway, still on his covers in the shadows.
“Kinda looks like we can’t leave as long as it’s here,” he says, but the idea doesn’t seem to bother him. It’s weird, sure, but to be honest it isn’t as if Dean can bring himself to care either.
He can still hear his dad’s gruff voice in the back of his skull, offhand cracks he’d soaked in as much as he’d soaked in everything else about his father growing up. The countless sideways comments- all the looks he’s gotten over decades of hustling and bar crawling, ‘face like his’ or shit about his mouth -- he’d taken all that, balled it up tight and turned it right back out onto everyone, because if he can’t control what he looks like he can control
, he berates himself.
...Honey?
- tiny bikinis, with long dark hair and curves that just don’t quit... A couple ice-cold cervezas with lime...” Dean sighs, brow knitting a little as he wets a soft pink lower lip with his tongue, like he can already taste the salt tang of ocean air— and then exhales noisily, letting his head thunk back against the floor. He stretches out, a sleepy, pleasant motion.
“Apologies for the deception, Dean.” Sam murmurs, and Sam’s mouth isn’t moving but Dean can see him speaking. His voice is lilting, shifting, familiar and unfamiliar all in one-- and he knows, suddenly that this isn’t Sam sitting on his bed in front of him. Sam is outside, Sam is safe, Sam is worried sick, and Dean hasn’t seen Sam in days and days, Sam is--
He strokes Dean firmer, once, twice, eyes flicking between Dean’s arousal and his face as Dean bites off a groan. Dean doesn’t seem to mind his inexperience, leaning back and watching Castiel’s hand curve around him.
“How’s it work?” Dean breathes after a moment, eyes on Sam’s. They’re immeasurably dark.
“I’m certain.”
Hell if he couldn’t get his own goddamn house in order.
Everything, to be more precise.
He clinks the whole decanter against Castiel’s glass- Castiel doesn’t know where Dean’s went, but at some point Dean had traded it out for the bottle. Castiel looks down at his glass, and back to Dean’s face. He’s grinning in a way Castiel doesn’t see on him often. He softens.
And he throws himself sideways, twisting his frame to smash torso-first into the jagged rocks. The impact spears pain up his side, tears at bare skin, Dean’s feet slipping out from under him on the wet stairs. He almost topples headfirst over the side of the stairs, barely catching himself- he comes to a pebble-scattering halt on scraped knees, staring wide-eyed over the void. He scrambles back from the edge, dragging in air through short, stabbing breaths and hopes like hell he didn’t pop a lung; the red-hot agony of his side isn’t real reassuring.
Castiel frowns, and shoves the door open. Water rushes out past his thighs, and he has to grip the railing to wade up the short stairwell without losing his footing. The water grows improbably deeper as he climbs.
It didn’t answer how he’d gotten back here, though. And despite all his rationalizing, he can’t kick the image of Castiel’s face so close to his, hand on his neck and-- but what, then? He’d just skipped on back to his room after coming in his jeans like a damn kid and passed out on his bed? Well-- yeah, maybe. Fuck.
He stared down at it, the gleaming silver revealing nothing but ceiling tiles and the shadow of Dean’s jaw, and can’t remember how.
“C’mon.”
your questions, if not falsifying his testament entirely. Surely you noticed how exacting your questions had to be? You weren’t like that with me.”
“It’s past 3, Dean. Nowhere’s open. Lebanon, remember?”
“Just dandy, Cas. That’s why I’m laying on cement,” Dean groans. He gestures halfheartedly at the mussed bedsheets. “Bed’s too warm. Goddamn heat trap.”
Just as it swells around Dean.
It only gets louder, echoing like a thousand tinny cicadas as he winds through the halls, and this time he ends up at their de facto phone center.
“Well, alright. Show me your kitchen magic, Sammy Crocker.”
“-Kind of a deep cut there, don’t you think so, Dean?” Sam leans into the kitchen.
Dean scowls at the dust smeared all the way up his elbows, like he can stare right through the flimsy ceiling tiles and light Sam on fire. Just a little. Just enough to singe off some of his dumb flippy hair.
Nothing happens.
Certain he’d rather take a punch than let Dean stay in whatever horrors his subconscious is concocting, he shakes Dean by the shoulder instead. “Dean. Wake up.”
can’t lie here, either.”
Castiel is confused, but Dean doesn’t sound like he’s in distress, despite the tightness of his voice and shallow rhythm of his breathing, so he tries as he’s told. It’s not near the same as Dean’s hand stroking him so desperately - though that thought does stir it, so it must be the right direction. Castiel lets out a breath and lets himself relax, bracing his palm on the mattress to lean back.
This is what Jack’s going to miss - not world wonders, or letting loose. This. With him.
"And you, you’re there too, just you got all this—” Dean gestures a little manically at his chin, “all this
“You just want… that one. I mean. Okay. Well. That’s that, then. It’s yours. I- think there’s a couple boxes in there, books Sam was moving around, but just toss ‘em in the next room over. We’ll get them into the library eventually. You… sure you don’t even want to look at it first?”
“Sure it was.” Dean shifts aside after a long moment, finding his gaze and bringing him back, “sure it was, alright?” Dean’s mouth curves, and Castiel can’t help but look. Dean’s attention is fixed on him, every inch of it, an unbearably warm weight that ignites something in his ribs and crushes them at the same time. “...It was good, right?”
This was gonna be
But Castiel doesn’t rise from this position like he knows he wants to, like he knows he
“How’re you cold, Sammy, ‘s a hundred degrees in here…” Dean mumbles, but Sam just shushes him.
“As soon as you can, of course. Thank you, Sam. And if you’ve learned anything useful--”
He stands, pulling himself out of the car and leaving Dean’s hand hanging midair before the man sets it down.
“Sam! Hey, you feel that shaker?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s resorted to leaning back against the railing, drumming absently on the metal, a tattoo of dime-sized drumbeats that echo so, so softly in the rounded room.
this?
Castiel does move then, a hand jerking free from Dean’s shirt to grip the arm of the chair instead as if it's the only thing bracing him up (
It’s not true. He can't have him.
But none of that, at least, pesters his otherwise relaxed waking hours.
Dean’s stomach twists uncomfortably, but it has nothing to do with vertigo this time. He’d figured out the dream thing - but maybe if there was some way to avoid the particulars, or find another path. His hand twists in the sheets as he half-remembers sparks, welding sigils into a dead metal box just his size, trying to swallow down the intense dread and-- the numb relief, almost, like it’d take the weight off his shoulders, the pounding from his head, he could finally just
“...the coat,” Dean mumbles.
Footsteps sound, and Castiel is on his feet before he realizes it. It isn’t Dean, he knows that instinctually from the rise and fall of them- but it must be Sam.
“The hell are you talking about?” Now, though, Dean is straightening up, looking up and down the hall- and over Castiel. He can feel the weight of his survey, even though it’s fleeting- as much as Dean’s hand, light against his arm. “I’ve been here a couple minutes, Cas, I haven’t seen anything. You sure it was this way?”
“-Dean, it’s okay.”
The hall, outside.
This small little tear, this jagged rip in concrete, is the source of all their problems. The reason Dean is so troubled, the reason Sam...
Dean blinks slowly, because usually Sam was all about that Men of Letters bullshit, but- “Can’t argue with that, I guess.”
When he finally twitches awake, stomach in knots, it’s to Miracle’s insistent low whine, like he always does when Dean’s caught up in a nightmare. He reaches out for him on autopilot. His fingers brush fur and then lose it.
Castiel turns his even gaze away with a nod, turning to open the door to his new abode. He inspects it carefully from the doorway, looking over the small space. It was confining, yes—  his true form couldn’t possibly fit within the bounds of it—  but there's almost something pleasant about those same boundaries.
When he sits up, though, he notices the bowl and lighter at Sam’s other side. Dean groans and shoves the now-transparent peace offering onto his bedside table, fork clattering. “Sam, seriously, I am so goddamn tired of the future.”
It’s gotten easier now that he’s older, at least. He doesn’t attract the same attention he had when he was a twenty-something that always had a couple shots in him and something to prove.
“...Do you smell that, Dean?”
“Go ahead, keep it up. All you’ll be getting is...” he peers in disgust at something from the back of the fridge, “...sentient lettuce? Jesus.”
Brushing it even that much lefts a faint, earthen scent to the air, tart and sweet all at once, but the chugging fan blusters it away. The humid breeze ruffles his hair, catching at his collar, sweeping across the back of his bare neck. He has no idea how long it’s been; he remembers the soft click of the tape deck, but was that from before…? He worries at the thought, nagging at it, but the realization that he’s being watched distracts him almost as much as the hand over his.
But angels, though? He remembers warming up the backseat with Anna, about as long ago, one of too many last-night-on-earth kinda nights. And sure, it’d been good enough, but- even after, there was still something alien in her eyes when she looked at him. He’d figured that maybe, for all the sex in the world, they didn’t have the right equipment for plain old lust.
But, nonetheless, he doesn’t know which direction to go.
“...Well, Sammy, let’s do this, then, if you know it all so well. We were just getting somewhere.”
“Sleepwalking?? It’s been— years, probably,” Dean replies, startled out of his embarrassment. His brow furrows; probably since the trials. Or maybe even everything with Gadreel, that asshole. With Kevin.
Yes, this would do.
There wasn’t anything for now, and that was okay, he tells himself, just like he tells himself all the time, as of late. No hunts, no Blade, no absentee gods or their amorous sisters.
It’d be harder, though, if they made even one damn lick of sense.
But he can feel, and he keeps tearing.
“Fine. Just… dark around the edges,” Castiel mumbles from flat on the table. Dean’s eyes catch on Castiel’s undone shirt; Cas is still half-dressed, Dean in literally nothing but soaked jeans. They’ve dried just enough to stick and scrape against his thighs when he shifts, which is actually worse. Sam hasn’t outrightly questioned their state of undress yet, thank fuck.
“No?”
He stops with a full-body shiver, his wings arching in reaction. He can feel them, heavy with moisture, dripping. It’s a sensation he’s never felt before. His wings are metaphysical in nature, strokes of mathematical precision and celestial wavelengths—  and they should not be wet.
Dean walks endlessly downwards, his brain spinning off-center.
“Hey… you sure you’re okay?”
“Come again?”
Dean sleeps, and his dreams are full of strangeness, blurs of bayou fog and wet warmth, enough to* suffocate in, that drags down and condenses in his straining lungs. Somehow,  something about that bile blackness was familiar enough to feel like home, enough that he sinks instead of struggling—
First things first, Dean jams his hand down far enough into view to flip him off— but mostly he’s strangely comforted by Castiel’s dry tone. Something about it always helps put things in perspective. Even when that perspective is majorly annoying.
“Cas, how about if you
“Really? Because
Castiel leans into him, as joined as they will ever be, and meets him headon in a heated, messy kiss that feels like so much more than-- than what this is, or what it will inevitably be, a profound loss that streaks through him before he’s even let go of him.
Castiel lifts his head to peer at him, eyes narrowing. “I’m fine, Sam,” he repeats. He’s got his thinking-face on, staring at Sam like something will shake loose if he just looks hard enough. Despite that Dean’s still trying to dredge up the more pertinent facts of their argument about Sam, he figures Sam coming to the rescue when their bacon was cooked was a pretty damn Sam thing to do.
It’s as if as soon as it left his periphery, its image had started to fade. He grapples with it, and it must show because Dean’s already back at his side.
He smiles- “And where, from there?”
“Not especially, no.” Castiel looks perturbed, and Dean frowns.
Dean watches the way it gives, just the slightest.
A phone rings; Dean barely jumps. The fog spills around him messily as he groans in protest and fishes his phone out from his pocket.
But all he can see behind his eyelids is Castiel.
Dean’s still talking as Castiel drifts; his voice has taken on that mellow drawl it gets when he’s gone but good with it. “Up from there, though, I-29, start towards the Dakotas…” His eyes crinkle a bit at the corners, and Castiel knows his mind is drifting through Sioux Falls.
Dean frowns.
and between them- almost nothing. Castiel squints at it. Dean comes up to look over his shoulder as Castiel notices another section in the A’s, similarly ransacked.
“Yeah, Cas.” Dean drawls. He has one arm flung out over the concrete, away from them, but the other is flat on his bare belly, a lazy curve of blunt fingers that were as easily turned to violence as any anything else. Castiel studies them, and the skin they touch; Dean’s torso is flushed, a bare sheen of sweat clinging to him.
is rising in his throat and even as heightened, as unraveled as he feels, he knows better than to let it out.
FIC SPECIFIC WARNINGS:
Dean coughs smoke out of his lungs, vertigo churning the room sideways, upside down, inside out. He feels disconnected, singular in the coldest, emptiest sense. His breath is heaving, and he gapes at the-- not Sam, her, sitting on the bed in front of him, and feels naked.
“And me, yeah, yeah. You’ve said that before. I know you’re in this big hurry, Cas, but it’s fine. Really.”
For now, at least, he has a new mystery to deduce, one that would keep him right here. He leans back, inhaling the soft, familiar scent, and sets himself to determining where he’d felt it before. The heat doesn’t bother him; he’s aware of the rising temperature, of course, and he could feel the way it clings to his vessel, but it doesn’t drag at him the way it does Sam and Dean.
somewhere after each case.
Castiel manages to twist enough not to crush Dean between himself and the wall when they hit, but Dean’s no lightweight himself, slamming into him and Sam and sending all three of them crashing to the floor as the water roars around them. Sam struggles to his feet beside him. Castiel drags Dean up against his chest to keep his head above water- water that suddenly slows to a trickle, leaving them gasping. Dean is at once heavy and a feather in Castiel’s grasp, and he can hear the low moan of panicked murmurs, wet hands spasming weakly in Castiel’s half-buttoned shirt as the water level drops drastically around them, flooding down the hall in either direction.
, where he and Cas had been naked together just hours ago? When he couldn’t look around to distract himself, or sleep… Well. It was a lot fucking harder to ignore his own racing thoughts.
You have to admit, Sam has been… strange, lately.”
“Dean, can we talk?”
? And that imagined Dean is even right, in a way. It had been good, better than Castiel thought intimate entanglements could be. Dean was a tempest, heat and fire and glory in his wrapped limbs and velvet mouth.
“Like... Delphi? 300-style hot virginal types with all the... the twisting and the see-through robes and all the future gibberish?”
to move, to melt up into Dean and learn him from the inside out.
“I gotta say, lady, that fucking pisses me off,” he manages.
“Stay here? M’ not a kid.”
Sam’s watching him, brows raised a little, and Dean gives up with a shrug.
The air is steeped in heat, heavy with it, and the desk light bathes the room in soft, aged yellow. There are no shadows, and despite its size, the room feels small around them- like Castiel could reach out and touch everything in it if he tried to. Dean’s voice is a familiar, warm ramble that surrounds him as much as the haze pooling around his feet, and Castiel can think of nothing more pleasant than to keep listening.
This is a home, and many humans seemed to need them more than nearly anything else; Dean was no different. Something tangible had changed when he started expecting to
in… I don’t know. Huh. Really could go for some White Castle, though.”
But mostly, he just looks grumpy.
He methodically opens door after door to see what lies behind, and then ties off corresponding colored wires to make a map. The bleached endless halls slowly become a tangled cat’s cradle of color, threads winding behind Castiel as he walks. He has a system, however rudimentary: red for bunker necessities- storage, electrical, dungeon. Blue for arcane- the library, the archives, the war room.
All he can do is hope Cas is looking.
All he can think about is the stone.
“Under? You mean-”
Sam steps closer. The water trembles around his feet, soft circles of disturbance gently rolling outwards to lap against Dean’s bare feet. “Dean, did we talk about telling the oracles, yet?”
“Thank you, Dean. This means a great deal to me.”
But it hadn’t been like this. Dean hadn’t looked like this, before. Even last night. Perhaps it was a matter of perspective, seeing him from
“Good points. Y’know what? I’m taking two.” Dean replies cheerily, tilting the bottles at them with a wink as he strides out of the room.
“Dean, this is a spell for two people, you can’t just--”
“Or. Maybe take a knee for a sec. Matter of fact, you know what? I? Am tired.” It isn’t exactly a lie. The bowl thing, the telling- it takes something out of him. Taps him right out, even though he’d just gotten up and he’d felt fucking great aside from the shit hero sandwich of his dreams-- wait.
Castiel’s moving before he even realizes it, back the way he came. He rounds the corner— and there’s Dean, who doesn’t look even slightly alarmed as he gestures at the angel blade embedded in the wall. He plants a foot on the wall for leverage as he gives it a pull, but it doesn’t budge.
this.
Faded or not, though, he can still see them in his periphery. Ghostly chemtrails of other Castiels, other Sams, other Deans and more, all making their paces through the galley, overlaid and out of sync like an overdramatic high-schooler’s attempt at long-exposure photography . A weirdly familiar blond kid goes by with a box of cocoa puffs and Dean squints- Jack…? He swallows down a mutinous heave as the specter overlays with
“It’s—” Castiel pauses, looking back at the stone.
Dean expects the prickling feeling of being watched to keep his eyelids light, but instead he’s the one keeping himself up. He just keeps staring at his hand.
from not affected by whatever is happening to them. To all of them.
adult fantasy scene, M/F and M/M. Some layered consent issues. Yes, a bit vague, but feel free to dm myself @margotjanewrites or cami at @camillaboojay on twitter for (somewhat more spoilery) specifics, and we're happy to elaborate for you if needed.
, but what had it been? The water, the oleander… Then, he remembers cool, soothing stone under his palm.
“Hey-” Dean protests, but Sam rolls over him.
There’s silence for a few moments. Castiel is working through something, Dean can see it in his face. But in the pause, he bites his lip and interjects quickly.
That same daylight — the idea of it, anyway— bothers Dean; the idea of more heat against his  skin, the low Kansas sun searing at his eyes, heatwave glistening over blistered prairies even at this godforsaken hour. The thought alone makes him want to curl back up in his bed and sleep, useless or not.
“...Well? Why all the weeds?” His mouth purses, and he twists slightly further to study Castiel—  “These from outside?”
, the way he’d been pushing down and they’d been pushing at for
L, M, N… Castiel skims through the filing cards- and frowns. “...Oh.”
Castiel knows it’s a hallucination.
“Sure. Sure, just— I’m gonna be pissed if a nine-foot drop is what kills me, alright? Hold it steady.”
“I have you,” Castiel repeats. Dean’s boot treads find balance on the metal steps like he’s testing them.
“For me? Aw, you shouldn’t’ve.”
. Something catches at the corner of his mind, arced like a question, maybe even a concern—  but it doesn’t find a foothold, and after a few moments it slides away as easy as water over stone.
This is it- they’ll just stop. It was a drug-fueled experiment, blowing off steam the best way Dean knew how. They’ll hash it out, get back in step, and Dean will definitely forget the way Castiel’s dick had felt in his -- hand. Yeah. Sure, his hand.
Castiel remembers everything.
Dean rubs the warm ache of his temples, stepping through a shallow puddle that spanned the center of the room. His feet are bare, the water warm on his toes.
“Did you… I don’t know, want to try again or something?”
Dean frowns, “You found them in a hole in the dirt? So…” He settles back onto his back, crossing his arms loosely over his chest and closing his eyes. “Definitely weeds, then.”
“Sonnuva bitch—”
“-You! Castiel. Cas. Uh, hey. I didn’t… know you were here.”
, not a person-”
Castiel lays a hand on his shoulder carefully, but Dean doesn’t even seem to hear him, lost in his own dreams. He’d been going to ask Dean what he meant, when he’d asked Sam about his dreams before; Sam’s response had been so strange, and Dean’s reaction doubly so. There had been so many things Castiel had been going to ask before he’d allowed their conversation to derail--
If he can’t find Dean directly, perhaps a more indirect route was needed.
It makes Castiel’s stomach coil tight.
“And what’s it doing here to begin with?” Castiel points out sharply, but both Dean and Sam are already approaching it.
He can’t imagine his world being any bigger than Cas, just Cas,
It’s painful, and exhilarating, and Castiel doesn’t want any part of it.
“I don’t see how that would improve the experience of either the beer or the shower.” Castiel remarks.
“Preparing a human to give and receive.”
Or even just wanting it, other times.
like it worked fine. Better, maybe. He could see the rite with Castiel, unlike with Sam before, but- maybe that meant it wasn’t working right. Did he really need to lose himself in it to pull it off?
, but he dismisses the thought. Still, with every feather lost, he feels a little lighter.
By now, he’s just drifting, and without the sound, it’s almost hard not to let his mind wander.
“It should be. Oleander is highly toxic to humans; by all rights, Sam and you should both be incapacitated or dead already. But there’s something... mitigating it, somehow. Neutralizing the toxicity. Perhaps another herb...”
“... Simply… stressed. You may be enjoying yourself, but the steam seems to be more compatible with human physiology. I don’t think angels are meant to play oracle. Why are we on the counter, Dean?”
“Are you alright, Dean? You don’t usually take rest on the floor.”
Dean’s looking at him strangely. He’s finally more appropriately alarmed, it seems.
“...You hungry?” Sam offers, and before Dean can reply, Castiel appears out of the dim behind his brother.
“It’s”- he clears his too-tight throat, “Sam... they aren’t just dreams, alright? They’re-- it’s my future. I don’t know how to turn it off, and hell if I know the reason or order it all goes in but-- it’s all bad, Sam. All of it.”
This time, it’s hardly moments before the tile is repeating again.
He reaches out and grabs a pair of wire cutters. Clutches them tight in his hand just in case.
“...Okay. Okay, awesome, just- I need a minute, so… Stay?” Castiel’s heart tightens in his chest, though he doesn’t think Dean means it the way he wants him to- still, he nods.
Castiel smiles again and takes another sip- his glass is full again, but when had Dean refilled it? Or had he? It’s like honey, coating him in warmth from the inside out.
“I think both of you should stay away from it.” Castiel says in response, nostrils flaring at their matching skeptical expressions. Castiel’s own tightens and sours, and they both take a few steps back placatingly, until the angel is between them and the shivering still stone.
At an utter loss, Dean ends up going with honesty.
There’s no response and Sam is out of eyeshot, so he can only assume Sam is making an equally dumb face at Cas. Wimp.
He swallows down the knot in his throat and locks it the fuck down. Castiel needed help, and he wasn’t going to leave the guy on a ledge because of his own hangups.
Castiel frowns slightly, lifting a hand to brush a reddened cheek, “Dean... I can’t imagine anything you want right now is stupid.” He says, carefully. He doesn’t know what Dean’s talking about, but it certainly doesn’t seem stupid by the way he’s talking about it. Or the way he’s reacting to it.
He scrubs at his hair, molding the shampoo between his fingers, as he lets the water run over the line of his back, soap rivulets down bare skin. His hands skim his belly and he breathes out steam.
It coils around him like a living caress, leaving prickling skin behind.
He presses his forehead against the hot tile as her hands slide over his hips, wet silk robes brushing up against him, hands squeezing, soft chuckle low against his ears as she drags him back against her,
“Here, I’ll go first, alright? Just remember- you’re going next, so that’s your warning fair and square.” Sam reaches down, dipping his fingers in a smaller bowl of oil Dean hadn’t even noticed until then. Droplets roll down his brother's palm, the back of his hand, leaving glistening streaks down his skin. Sam smears it in a straight line down his own face, the bridge of his nose, his lips.
He taps the handrail, only half-listening to Sam and Castiel’s muted voices. In his periphery, Castiel moves forward, and he turns to watch as the angel studies the runes.
This is where he dies. Really capital-D
And being alone with him, in here, after the night before…
Dean isn’t listening. He rarely does when he doesn’t want to; it’s one of his more tiresome traits. But right now, it’s harder to look him in the eye and argue with him.
The thing stalks forward to join him in the cross-section and Castiel spins back to slam a searing palm against its forehead.
Dean shifts, sliding off Castiel’s thighs, and Castiel almost grabs his arm to keep him from going before he forces his fingers loose. Dean stands, gesturing at Castiel’s general disheveled state, his expression quirking in amusement, “Stay all… this, alright? I’ll be right back.” Dean takes half a backward step watching him before he turns, jeans barely clinging to his hips as he ducks into the small side bathroom.
And Dean surges forward, skipping over the broken glass in bare feet. Castiel races after him, “Dean-!”
“-That’s not hot?” Sam asks over Dean’s exasperation, brow furrowed.
“We don’t know what it is,” the angel reiterates, “or why it’s here, or—”
Castiel shakes his head, eyes flicking to Dean’s for a moment. It’s probably supposed to be reassuring.
, unblinking way he used to back when they first met, and Dean has his hands on the guy’s face, and fuck it, it’s too late to take it back now, right?
The oleander is everywhere, dripping over the crevices, growing upwards in search of an unreachable sun. It’s been centuries since he’d come across a well like this. And to find one in Lebanon, Kansas—   well. It wasn’t so illogical; he’d seen the wooden signs all around, Lebanon touting itself as the center of the country, and there is a certain and specific energy that gathers in those places. And here, in the middle of everything—
“I don’t know, man, just— they’re nice. Sometimes it’s nice to put on something you can’t possibly be a productive member of society in.” Dean’s already accepted that he won’t get through to Cas on the matter, but he does reach out to loosen his tie another centimeter with a
~>~>~>~>~>~>~>~>~>~>~>~>~>~>
The three of them fumble down the garage stairwell together in an awkward tangle. It’s only a short set of steps, but the rushing water takes their feet out from under them a step down and sends them hurtling toward the hallway wall just outside the door.
Sure, he’d embraced the whole live fast, die young thing, thrown himself into it with the zeal of a much younger idiot, but after the whole ‘die young’ part hadn’t taken, years and years of being a monster of the week chew toy is starting to wear him through. And sure, the angel-powered hard reset had helped, the unmistakable pulse of warm heat following Cas’ touch when he did his healing mojo. Didn’t mean he had to
“Don’t think about it, Dean. Don’t think. It’s not
And after a minute of nothing, Dean just blinks at him. Sam watches him
Castiel hesitates. All of his instincts say otherwise.
“Dean,
But Sam is looking at him, eyes cold as Castiel has ever seen them, a frustrated snarl on his lips. He feels taller than Castiel knows he is, towering, edges melting into the damp shadows that stretched around them both. Air Castiel doesn’t need stills in his lungs anyway.
Castiel sticks close, like if he lost sight of him he’d lose him forever. The proximity makes Dean’s neck itch and heat rise in his cheeks, but it’s not far and he tolerates it until they’re safely in the confines of the kitchen, and Castiel visibly relaxes.
“Jesus, Sam, you can’t just sneak up on a guy—”
Sam looks between them as he waves the last embers of the bowl out in an absent, practiced motion. “The books? ...Yeah. Yeah, sorry, I had to sleep on a few things. I only need them a little while longer, but I’ll leave them in the library after, all right?”
Castiel rolls over onto his side carefully, watching Dean for signs that he’s disturbing him, and then tilts his head to study the line of Dean’s profile. This, he could never lose the details of. The curve of his lips, the line of his jaw, every freckle smattered almost invisibly across his cheeks.
“--Oh, hey, sweetheart. And just what should I call you…?”
That being said, having started this mess way back before knowing it would end so soon... I've always wanted to write an SPN fic for this fandom, having been in it so so very long (since s3... cries...), so this is me giving back to all the wonderful works other fanartists have dreamt up over the years. Can't not pay my own tithe, right? So here goes nothing.
He hears Sam before he sees him, water sloshing from his footsteps. Sam turns the corner, nearly obscured by a stack of dusty files he balances awkwardly. He startles.
“See, I wasn’t entirely… me when the wardings broke. I sought comfort, and it was just… there, right in your head, in your image of your brother. Of Sam. It was… reflex. And once the image was there, the rest just came along naturally. You know him so well…”
Save for two, very minor things.
“Yeah, sure— wait, your dirt weed or whatever, oleander… Oleander… Isn’t that stuff poisonous?”
Sam shakes his head on a sigh, and spiders up onto the counter. He’s a little too long for it, but he crosses his legs and settles into Castiel’s place with a muttered “fine. Castiel, why don’t you take a-”
Dean grabs a shirt from where it was thrown over the end of the bed, presumably before he abandoned it for cooler terrain, and pulls it over his head. It sticks stubbornly until Dean yanks it down, but aside from a passing glance at a similarly discarded pair of worn pajama pants (and despite a tendency for covering himself head to foot), Dean doesn’t add anything else to his minimalist ensemble A cock of his head to the door, and Castiel finds himself following after him into the hallway.
It snuffs and turns away, and Castiel hears its footsteps fade. He doesn’t move for a long time after anyway.
Especially when Castiel parts his lips, and his tongue brushes delicately over the pad of Dean’s thumb. The contact sparks straight down to his cock like a lightning rod, and somehow he’s
He starts up the coffeemaker first, anyway, and then comes to Sam’s side.
“That one.” Castiel says bluntly, pointing to the next door over from Dean’s.
And even now, the thought of him runs his mouth dry.
But he does not remember where the exit is. The room is gray, heavy and solid around him.
And there’s Sam, spinning to him with a grin, bloodied machete in hand.
It’s a useless answer, but before Dean can finish asking
Dean stares up at him flatly, and Castiel finally retreats a few inches. Still, he continues before Dean can open his mouth.
But nothing’s going to get fixed until he fixes it, and when it comes to bothersome ideas, the idea of his home out of sorts makes his palms itch.
Dean lowers the decanter, letting it rest on his stomach, and squints at it faintly. “...I mean, it’s not half bad. But- what’s it doing in my stash?” He looks up at Castiel like he knows the answer, a sideways frown pulling at his mouth.
“No. Not that. Something more ...familiar.”
No wonder this place flew under the radar.
“I don’t know. It seems to be ‘on the fritz’, as it were.” Castiel replies tersely.
But if he must be alone, what he needs is a map. A way to mark every crossroad with arrows and signs. But would that even be good enough, or will those fade into the fog as quickly as his tie on Dean’s door?
“Yeah, well, me too.” Dean says, clipped and wanting out of this conversation. Especially in front of his brother. Dean’s skin is itching and he can’t stay put any longer, fading figments or no. “I’m gonna take a nap, see if it won’t shake the rest of this Woodstock trip. You two-- play nice, or whatever.” He gestures at them both vaguely before squinting down the hall through parted fingers. He doesn’t hear steps coming after him, so they both must take the hint.
Anyway, what it boils down to is that Dean really, seriously cannot go there right now and they
Meanwhile, the furrow in Dean’s brow is growing deep enough to get lost in.
Dean’s bedroom.
His hands slide down Dean’s back to pull him closer now that there’s nothing between them and it’s
Sam breaks the silence first.
It also, circumspectly enough, gives him a chance to pause by Dean’s door, a fixed point in his small pilgrimage. Dean Winchester himself seems to be a fixed point in more than that— a measurement much too small to contain millennia, but somehow more than enough to mark it by. And if that isn’t concerning enough to mull over during his walks, it was only because he’s somehow come to accept it as fact enigmatic.
He rakes a hand through his hair, limbs loose, standing under the spray and letting it sear away the evidence (because Cas, it was
“I’m gonna go ahead and guess ‘not enough’ for five hundred, Alex.” Dean sighs. “...I’ll grab a ladder.”
Castiel surveys the storage closet. At first glance, there’s nothing much like what he’s hoping for: old tools, or magic artifacts. An amulet to prevent one from going mad, perhaps. Setting himself to his task, he sorts through the shelves patiently, methodically. It’s soothing in a strange way.
The way Castiel’s hands had felt digging into his skin, the way their hips lined up just right… He hadn’t been able to help where his head went, let alone what he
Dean can tell she’s telling the truth, the bowl linking them as neat and unforgiving as chains. Other than that, though, what’s he supposed to say here?
Dean catches his eye and Castiel shifts, hands sliding over Dean’s torso; he doesn’t take the time he wants to explore his skin, to catalogue him with his fingertips the way he had in his soul when he remade him bit by broken bit. Instead, he takes Dean’s hips, his thighs, presses until he’s as deep as he can be and further. He fucks him until Dean is burning with it, cusses and groans and grinds up against him, heels digging into Castiel’s ass and and his skin gleaming with sweat. His hands clench on the bedspread in a surprisingly endearing effort to listen even as he arches up, and Castiel rewards him for it by curving a hand around his neglected arousal. It only takes a few clumsy but firm strokes before Dean comes with a choked off shout, streaking his belly hot and dripping down Castiel’s hand.
Except for the part where he’s thrown back, skidding through the water until he slams into the end of the corridor with a grunt. He swipes at his wet face, and takes another look at the beast.
Dean’s mouth slopes into a lopsided smile, Castiel’s full attention snapping to his face as Dean’s hands slide onto his shoulders with a low, rough hum of, “W-wow. That’s… hm.” Dean’s temple is beaded with sweat, clinging to his scalp and darkening his hair.
Dean tilts his head back, takes another drink, and Castiel cocks his head as the liquid drips slowly down the glass, disappearing between Dean’s lips. Too slow, thick as melting molasses, Dean’s bared throat shifting as he swallows it down. Castiel watches, entranced in a way he doesn’t usually allow himself. But this intoxication in him, it made him… weak.
It isn’t magic, at least not that he can discern, no telltale background radiation under the dull marble surface. It’s just that; stone. But a stone that will not move, that will not crumble, and though he has tried to destroy it to the best of his abilities, is impossibly present.
home.
It’s watching him as well, movement paused. Head cocked, like it was studying him.
He gestures for Castiel to follow, and the angel looks puzzled but comes along obediently as Dean leads them to the kitchen Castiel apparently couldn’t locate.
“Warm.” Castiel stands, brushing his hand against his coat with a considering frown, “and somewhat damp.”
remembers- and besides, even with whatever Cas is wrestling with, would Castiel really brush something like that so far under the rug? No way. Probably no way. Final point goes to wet dream.
It’s deeper than he remembers, and much, much larger, with hairline cracks all around that he can sense will grow larger still, long spindling spider threads bleeding out into the concrete.
It  looks like it had been taken here; he can almost make out the staircase behind her, and-
“According to my calculations,
Castiel’s brow darkens. He lets his hand fall back to the table.
Castiel fixes him with a somber gaze.
It’s the storage closet, he realizes after a beat, the red glare painting it unfamiliar at first. He only looks long enough to ascertain a lack of threat.
"...Good,” Dean licks his lips, swallows visibly, then “great, really, so are you gonna..." he gestures vaguely down at their hips, "y'know... anytime soon?" It’s not a question, despite the rise in tone at the end. Castiel looks down at where they're joined, his arms still loosely wrapped around Dean’s waist.
Dean holds his glass up to the lamplight and rolls it to watch the thick liquid slide. He tilts his head.
He lets the blossom drip from his fingers and fall back into the hole. A single black feather falls with it and he watches them flutter into the darkness, together.
“Better.”
But it’s not.
Since Castiel had taken off, Dean’s had nothing but time to replay
Castiel recognizes the taste, now that he’s dwelling on it.
? I’m a psychic. An oracle. Or I used to be, a long time ago. Part of all this,” She gestures around them.
She reaches past him, shoving his phone off the table with a splash.
—“Cas?”
, but he still can’t believe he let those words- that
Castiel’s jaw tightens, dry lips pressing flat for a long moment as he looks away. Sure sign of a troubled Cas, Dean notes.
Castiel cocks his head, studying him steadily. “Is there cause for alarm? Do you require assistance?”
“Someone has to figure this out, Dean, and you’re not willing to. So stay here, and I’ll do it.”
“Okay. Okay, I’m… Let’s do this. It’s like in your AMA’s, huh Sammy?” He laughs, and Sam looks at him questioningly, “C’mon, ‘I’m a hunter playin’ oracle in the basement of a midwest bunker, high off his ass, Ask Me Anything’. Imagine how that’d play out,” Dean laughs sorta nervously, and Sam laughs after a minute too, echoing him, and Dean lets him humor him even if Sam’s the giant nerd that goes off about internet forums.
“A man of letters, you mean?”
Dean stands at the edge of her pool, the oracular waters lapping at his feet hungrily.
He doesn’t sleep, of course, so he doesn’t dream. But as the soft, thick warmth of the air curls around his temples and settles in his lungs, familiar and sweet smelling—  what was that scent?-- he sees images behind his eyelids all the same.
“Sam?”
apologies for the whiplash
It’s still cool by the time he goes to sleep, so it seems like it’ll hold well enough. The air drifts over his skin before he drags his covers over himself, burrowing down into a pillow he’s had long enough to wear down to just the right shape instead of some bleach-sour motel pillow all lumpy with the weight of a hundred different heads.
Dean's murmuring husky encouragements in his ear that all soak together, Castiel’s mind ablaze with nothing but a mantra he’s long buried, circling in his ears as he melts into him and finally tumbles headlong over the edge-
And a low, vibrating growl to his right.
“Whatever this is, all this goddamn phone business is gonna end or I’ll end it my own damn self and it ain’t gonna be any kind of pretty-”
To put it short, it’s not his thing.
And somehow, Dean believes him- he always believes Sam, even when he can’t. He licks his lips, thumbs rubbing his brow smooth.
And decidedly empty.
“Huh. So we agree then, there’s no real rush.”
He’s seen Dean naked before, of course. This shouldn’t be any different. He’d been an inextricable presence in Dean’s life in the beginning, a silent watcher. Showers, changing clothes, his time with magazines or on the laptop - he’s seen all of it. He hadn’t realized, then, that it was… inappropriate, and over the years, he’s tried to forget. He’s mostly succeeded.
The bunker sits, silent, still. It cannot predict earthquakes, but on this particular afternoon when a 5.6 ripples across the Kansas landscape, it at least knows how to lock down against them. The doors shut. The systems go on hold until the world’s gone still again, except for the rattle of books on the shelves. Inside, they wait for it to end, and when it finally does there’s very little damage.
“...New.” Dean says, gaze dragging over the uneven lines of symbols. They wind around to a bigger glyph up near the top—  one that seemed familiar somehow. Comforting, even. Enough that he lowers his gun until all it threatens is scuffed concrete.
“I’m- you guys have got this, right? Cool. I’m gonna take five.”
“...Wrong number?” Sam asks, raising a brow. Dean shrugs. The phone rings again. Dean swears as he jabs at it, swiping off the volume and flipping it face down with a perturbed scowl.
But for the most part, the closet’s contents are mundane at best. Old tiles. A discarded chair. Electrical wiring in large spools stacked on top of one another, and buckets of dried plaster.
He’d only ever been fucked like that with Lisa and that one wildass bar chick in Tulsa, but he couldn’t have anticipated doing it with Cas going-- how it did. He shivers, willing his dick to go back to sleep.
Dean’s brow creases, but he repeats it to Sam anyway.
Sam leans forward in the gray, taking Dean’s hands from a million miles away. His fingers are so cold.
"Dean, that's okay-"
Castiel can feel it beating hard, even through Dean’s shirt. He realizes abruptly the position they’re in and stills entirely, fingertips still pressed against Dean’s chest.
Castiel’s mouth is unnaturally, uncomfortably dry.
___________________________________________________________________
Castiel isn’t ready to find out. He stays still, and prays Dean stays asleep, if only not to learn what will happen when he wakes.
“Yeah, that’s what he said. So— I’m assuming that’s not a deadly gas leak, judging by how you’re both just standing there, breathing it all in.”
” Dean breaks off, almost with a hiccup, and he’s horrified to find the corners of his eyes all wet as he swipes at them, and to further his horror he starts hearing the ringing start again, almost gentle at the edge of his senses, “Are you fuckin’ gonzo, Sam? Since when is
Castiel rounds on him abruptly. He could just leave. Dean couldn’t stop him, not truly.
don’t need to talk about it. Heat crawls up his very bare neck, and he wishes he'd taken ten seconds to throw a shirt or five on.
, Cas. Why haven’t we done that before, huh?” His eyes are barely open and he’s got a brilliant soft smile on, one that comes for Cas’ ribs like a sledgehammer just as surely as his absent question.
it’s not harming you, Dean. You and Sam, you’re not acting like yourselves. It worries me.”
“I’m not sure, Dean. But I know you can help me.”
Another twist, a wincing scrape of wrench on metal, and he feels more than hears something start to churn. Sullen air whispers against his side from the vent he's pressed up against, and he whoops, knocking the wrench against the ceiling tile. He slides the panel closed before he’s scurrying down the ladder. He even jumps the last couple feet, now that the ground is solidly in sight.
though,
Circumstances- mainly the alarms going off, and the whole crazy haloing thing- have done an admirable job of letting him off the hook, sure. But when it’s just him? Lying
“No, Sam, really. Is that the problem.”
The dam breaks, and they flood together, and it’s all this terrifying animal heat and breathless broken-off gasps, all “Cas-
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait. What happened to your whole omniscient renaissance rainman deal?” He cut in disbelievingly, gesturing at the stone, and his arm is pushed back down in response.
Dean considers him, head tilted, and then abruptly acquiesces. Mockingly, because if
“... You’re tired, Dean. Go to sleep.”
Dean adjusts himself with a perturbed huff, flipping restlessly onto his side and shoving his face into his pillow so he can open his eyes - who knew your eyelids could get sore just trying to stay shut, like some weird muscle? He’s busy telling himself that
The thing is, they’re all silent.
They have indeed, several times, and though Dean has never fully explained them to Castiel’s satisfaction, Castiel had mapped out his own guidelines that seemed to work well enough. He remembers the rules of it much like those of combat, the gist of it being: don’t put Dean in a position that made him feel like he had the lower hand in a fight. Currently, Dean was on his back on the floor, and Castiel leant over him. Therefore, the position broke the rule. Castiel leans back away from him and Dean visibly relaxes a fraction, guideline proven once more.
Castiel shouts, but the only response is his own voice echoing back through the steam.
Aside from the ringing, anyway.
“Not yet,” Castiel’s voice is rough around the edges, ragged, and it’s not an order- it’s a plea, almost, it can’t be over so soon, this moment is going to hurt them both later and he never wants later to come- but Dean listens. He stills against Castiel’s even as Castiel slides into him-- and out, slipping free with a wet pop that almost pulls the condom loose. “Cas,” Dean says again when Castiel doesn’t immediately push back into him, hips moving again insistently, his cock wet where it smears against Castiel’s stomach, “C’mon- here, it’s alright, it’s gonna be so good, I’ve got you...”
“What the hell, Cas- You can’t just
His hands tighten on him anyway.
-and begrudgingly or not, Dean’s drifting way too comfortably to argue. He mixes them into the filling by hand. The petals bruise delicately against his fingers, spilling a familiar scent Dean can’t quite place, and by the time it’s through Sam’s next to him with a dough-lined pie tin.
Dean pauses, because he can tell Castiel’s lying- but he has no clue why. It’s the truth, technically. It hadn’t been anything useful. Dean really didn’t need to know exactly how
The problem, Castiel realizes, lies with him.
He weaves his way down blending and blurring halls. He stops once or twice just to breathe, pressing his forehead against warm, dripping tile walls and squeezing his eyes shut before forging onward. His room is so damn close.
-and Sam blinks and lifts his head, waving at the thick smoke between them with a hand and coughing.
“That I’m tired, Dean.”
Sam walks in, and their conversation comes to a practiced lull smooth as anything. Still, Dean takes the opportunity to stand, sending a scowl Sam’s way. His brother returns it with raised brows and a questioning twitch of a frown in Cas’ direction, gesture reading ‘what’s got up his ass’ clear as day.
And if Castiel was running himself ragged over finding answers, well. He knew how they could get some.
The air is thick with it all. Dean can feel the furrows between his eyebrows loosening, back cracking as he shifts, and the warm wet feels pleasant on overheated skin, but he still hesitates.
He stands, and the oleander takes dirt and roots with them, scattering on the floor and turning to mud beneath his shoes. He gathers the sharp edged leaves and soft blossoms to his chest.
“Eh, spent a few months in southern California as a kid. Drills every five minutes— who’d think they’d stick? Earthquake, under desk. Stop drop ’n roll, tornado, doorframe, ‘this is your brain on drugs’, all that junk…” He pushes a lamp back into the center of the table from where it’d nearly rattled off.
Dean leads him back to the library, and he finds it without fanfare just two halls down. Just where it’s always been. The map makes sense when Castiel’s following him.
He skids to a stop. And bolts left, yanking open one of the endless doors - any one, it doesn’t matter- to slide inside. He drags the door shut after him and has to force himself to let go of the knob, prying his fingers loose one by one, as quietly as possible.
, except maybe himself - that he’s Dean fucking Winchester, what’s he afraid of, a dick?
“Cas, I got to-” He mumbles, and Castiel frowns and pulls his hand away. “Hm?” He says softly, but Dean’s already tensing, fingers digging at his pillow, “Lucifer-
Real silence, thin and clear.
likes pie, Sam.”
“Hell,” Dean mutters, bending over to look at the broken floor. “I don’t think we have anything to fix this, either.” He fishes his phone out of his back pocket, “Maybe Sam’s still in town, we could have him pick up—”
“Cas,” He growls. At least, he hopes it’s a growl, and not a prepubescent squawk because all his doofus downstairs brain can think of for one white-hot second is unvarnished filth and holy fuck what if Cas can
Castiel is waiting for one of them to come up with a plan as they always did, research, or action, but neither of them speak up. He frowns.
But the weight of that steel?
Sam is quiet long enough that Dean is about to try again, before he speaks.
“Just a little while. Here— siddown. It’s just getting to the good stuff,” Dean says as he turns the cassette tape over. It slides in with a soft plastic
“No one.”
Just waiting around the kitchen, washing dishes and messing around— is somehow the nicest moment Dean’s had in… a long time, really. He drinks his lukewarm coffee, he chats with his brother, and despite everything, all is somehow right with the world. And when the oven starts to smell
“Well, partially, yes. But partially because there is an impossibly unbreakable enchanted stone barring the only entry or exit, and neither you nor Sam seem to care, which leaves this to me.” His expression, firmed, softens slightly for a moment, and he reaches out to place a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Castiel frowns, “Of course I do.”
He jerks, skin pinking under the spray as he jams the faucet handle only to find that it
a good thing? Hearin’ em, too! Do you seriously not hear all that goddamn
“It’s three in the morning, Cas. You’ve gotta loosen up a little. Get you some PJs, pajama pants,  just something other than salaryman on overtime, alright?”
him--
Before Dean can ask him what he means, Castiel finally turns to him, lips pressed into a scowl. He doesn’t sleep, sure, but right now? He looks like he could use a nap or twelve. His hair’s a tousled mess, eyes bloodshot.
Sure, he’s aware enough that Cas took a look at him once in a while. Lots of people did. It makes perfect sense; Dean’s around constantly, and Castiel’s done a crash course in humanity in record time - of course he’s going to get a couple ill-advised boners for the wrong guy.
“Walking.”
If Dean was in his right mind, he’d regret this. Would, once all of this is over. Castiel would. He’s already found his peace with the starkly drawn lines of their relationship. But there’s something about last night, about this moment, about the flush freckling Dean’s cheeks and the heat under Castiel’s skin that sings his desire to… experience Dean, wholly, somehow.
But somehow, it still stings.
Castiel had hardly closed the door behind them before Dean’s gone straight for his duffel, digging out a flask and tilting it back. Even now, Dean’s pacing as Castiel tries to talk to him, doing anything but make eye contact with Castiel - though after last night, Castiel figures it’s probably for the best.
It isn’t long before he screams.
, and I cannot
It’s better than it had been, at least. He doesn’t remember much from before being sat at the table, hands on him propping him up as he tried to swat them off, the halls swimming with hazy moving impressions of past-present-future figures, and a strange impression of vivid colored lines connecting them all.
How? None of it made any sense. It can’t. It can’t be, he’s-
He looks up at the open bathroom door as he hears a shuffling sound, a hitched breath that could only be Dean’s, and quiet again. He frowns faintly. “Dean?” He calls, and there’s another sound, so he turns to plant bare feet on the ground, “Dean, are you-”
Dean lets out a shallow huff, letting the phone set fall back down to his side.
The emergency lights flick back on, flooding red with a low thrum. Everything else goes dead silent.
And at Dean’s questioning look, Sam keeps going. “Doing the oracle ritual, you know? Reading the visions.”
Dean scowls back at him reflexively, “Shut it, Sam-”
Dean wakes with a jolt, grabbing for the missing knife under his pillow as he’s scrambling out of bed and onto his feet, scanning the room. His gaze comes to a halt on Castiel, uncomprehending for a moment, eyes darting between him- his naked skin- and his unmade bed, and it clearly catches him off-guard. He’s a shade too pale, and Castiel can see the adrenaline thrumming under his skin.
This time though, when he walks past Dean’s door, he finds it propped open. A clunky fan drags in air from the hallway, and it sputters a little as it runs. Dean himself lays flat on his back on the floor by his bed, arms and legs splayed carelessly. He wears nothing but undergarments, boxers like Castiel’s own vessel had preferred, and he looks miserable.
Sam's still waiting for him to answer.
“Well?” Sam asks, and Dean jumps, blinking out of his reverie. Castiel furrows his brows, looking just as startled.
This was his.
“What’s up, Cas?”
And once he gets a thought like that in his head, what’s he supposed to do? Just let it go? That’s not how Dean works with sex. He likes sex. Like, a lot. He’s good at it, got a natural leaning toward it; just reads the room, goes with his gut, and usually that pays off in dividends for all involved. Sexy dividends, like orgasms and hickeys and another go-round.
He comes closer, approaching the other side of the Impala. All the car’s doors are open, splayed out like stout geometric wings, and as he draws close he can hear the unpracticed timbre of Dean’s voice under the radio. It’s loud enough that he knows Dean isn’t aware of his presence, so he takes care to approach with a firmer step than usual.
“No.” Sam repeats, and the volume fades down into this ambient, background buzz.
He starts to waffle, then steels himself.
And it’s like time skips a little, but it’s not concerning, somehow.
Well, Sam sits. Castiel and Dean slump, mostly.
Another bulb pops, and another, all the way down the hall as they go, leaving Dean and Cas in darkness except for the sparks raining down on them. Dean curses, and Castiel forcibly drags him to drier land. Electrocution likely requires a direct current, but Castiel doesn’t trust Dean’s luck any more than he trusts his own.
Dean seems to take offense at that, “Hey! What, c’mon, just because I’m okay with life for five minutes—”
“Easily. The stone only weighs as much as you want it to.”
“What, you’re an electrician now?”
At some point in the last several minutes, the crack has stopped leaking entirely, silent and still. Now, it’s just a jagged split, barely big enough to jam your fingers in and shallow enough that if you did, your hand wouldn’t fit all the way-- especially if your hands were broad as Castiel’s, as he does just that.
pillow does
with all this?”
"You know, you can have me, man, it's not-- you've just gotta
“Well, I
He remembers catching a glimpse of himself in the bathroom mirror, half-naked and flushed and wild-eyed in that sex kinda way, jeans caught around his thighs. He’d dripped slick, cold lube onto his hand, and saw it shake.
“The hell…” Dean trails off.
He idly watches his feathers drip into the hole, by the dozens now, disappearing into darkness that swalllows them with a distinct hunger, like there’s something at the bottom collecting them with open maw. Castiel cocks his head and listens, watches, clings to every and any other sense beside scent.
Dean racks his brain, trying to remember the evening before. They were in the library. He’d pulled out some of his stash, cheap whiskey he kept in the ritzy cut glass decanters he’d found around the bunker.
less clothes and a translucent purple strap-on that matched the mischievous curl of her lips but somehow even that hellaciously dirty night (or five) somehow doesn’t hold a candle to the way Castiel’s thumb presses up deliberately under the line of Dean’s jaw, pushing his head back, baring his neck as his throat works. Castiel dips down, and licks a line of sweet, syrupy heat up his neck, and Dean-- well, Dean is fucking done for.
Castiel’s grip tightens on the angel blade as if he can threaten the blurry remnant back into a memory, but it’s as useful as the blade itself had been… he thinks. Had it not worked?
Instead, he’s floating, the kitchen peeling away, leaving nothing but lush and gray.
He doesn’t do that, not about the ones he really cares about. Feelings—  his feelings in particular—  always end bloody. He’s seen Cas broken too many times not to ignore the way he watches him— Dean isn’t stupid, and he isn’t oblivious, either. Sure, maybe at first; Castiel, he was an angel. A being. (
is we got something to go on.” He swallows, pointing his fork at Sam in emphasis.
“You both should…” He casts about for something useful, “...drink water.” Yes, that’d suffice. It’d have to.
? We’re kinda stuck here. You like pie.”
...He
The heat really isn’t so terrible; it’s even starting to feel good, gentle like fingertips, and doesn’t
This, however, leaves them staring up at a latticework vent in the kitchen twelve feet over their heads.
He’s going to end this. If Sam was capable of lying in the ritual, then Castiel knows he was lying about the waters. He knows they can be put out, even if he can’t decipher how.
“...Tell me about the angel,” Sam says quietly.
Dean turns back to look at him then, questioning.
. It means everything’s settling in place.”
It echoes their posture from only minutes-- hours?- ago, when they’d first tumbled onto the mattress. His eyes are fixed on Dean’s.
She watches him intently as she strokes him. His hand slides down her skin, eagerly following the trails of water dripping down her sides, teasing down the slick vee of her sex as the water drenches them both.
“I’m going to fix this,” Castiel repeats, stumbling as he turned toward the stairs. He has to fix this— before his own senses betray him.
changes, shrinking smaller, more delicate. Slender fingers, and bitten red nails. And when he follows those bird-like arms up, sitting across from him, smoke curling winsomely around her face, is a woman. Young, dark-haired -- and he recognizes her, he realizes-- the not-cheerleader, the not-Cas, a wet shower daydream, and--
Castiel answers before Dean can,  “Nothing useful.”
Dean purses his lips, trying to find that drifting calm again- it was never far out of reach, not lately. He can do this. Just get the answers- they’d fill Cas in later. And speaking of the angel… Cas had been so worked up about
Sam had been lagging behind, feet dragging on the steps as he came up behind, but he stops in turn with them.
“Maybe you should try that green wire. Should it be hanging like that?”
, nothing but buzzing static fray, dial tones echoing like caves dripping. He even picks up the stupid joke phone, as if it’d be anything more than dead quiet.
Dean opens his mouth, because if there’s not a joke there about ‘somewhat damp’ crevices, then who
you’re just…”
“N-Cas, don’t, I’m gonna-”
Besides, Dean’s not gay.
He wants to cause that. Draw that heat and build it up until Dean comes apart, until he can’t help but crack open and Castiel can see through him, into him, find the knot that keeps him at arm’s length and undo it with his teeth and his fingers and his
Sammy, this rack of books with my name and no way out, and this
When had that happened, anyway? It was just one bottle of whiskey, shared between them, wasn’t it?
Castiel is so distracted that he doesn’t realize at first that Dean is looking at him like he’s never seen him before. It’s lost, almost, and unlike him. Castiel lifts a hand to his cheek unbidden, cards it too gently through his hair-- and by then it’s gone, Dean surging upward to kiss him hard enough to bruise. Dean’s hands slide up Castiel’s sides, under his undone shirt to pull them together, rocking up into him.
“You’re sure, Dean?”
, desperately, that he is lost, and that he will never not be lost, not like this.
“Hey! Look, if you want my help, I gotta tell ya: not a great start--” His feet splash into the water unexpectedly, and he realizes that he’s already standing, just as she ordered. A chill runs ice cold down his belly.
“...What’s up with all the water, then?” Dean rephrases after a moment, trying again.
“Tell me that’s a promise, babe.”
God, how long had it been? Something about what they’d done, it was like-- cracking his shell open and spilling his guts out. Hell if he could get’em back in. He wonders if it has more to do with Cas than with a shitty dry spell, but. That’s back to that no-man’s-land.
He wipes his hands down his face, sweat prickling at his temples less the humid heat of his room and more the image of Castiel leaning against him, their hands grabbing and pulling and grasping. It hit different, somehow, than the jumble of other dreams, but it made about as much sense.
Castiel, transfixed, finishes his own pilgrimage. Sam’s door, closed. Dean, the fan, body pliant in repose. His own, now, waiting for Castiel as his flat-toed accountant shoes float past him into the hallway. He plucks them up almost gently, and sets them on his empty desk before curling into the center of his bed, steam coiling gently against his skin as he closes his eyes.
Castiel’s already on his feet again, wary. His blade had gone through it like air, lodged in the last hall. His own powers had no effect, and hitting with fists already seems useless.
Another blink and the roar of rushing water fills his ears, roiling static. She’s disappearing down the black gash of the seam and he follows after. The falling water parts like curtains, and Dean sees stairs carved into the stone leading down into darkness. She descends like she /knows every step. Dean takes them slower, but he doesn’t stop.
“This is… elaborate.” Sam understates gracelessly.
Dean resettles his maglite between his teeth, studying the layout. A fine film of dust lies pristinely over everything, nothing touched in ages. Stifling a sneeze as he starts to dig into the mess, he tries not to think about the miles of empty air between his feet and the floor.
“Huh. No, probably not.”
“How?”
They’re in the hall now, Dean in nothing but his underwear and a rapidly snowballing sense of apprehension. It’s not like he can’t string two words together, but it’s harder and harder as he follows the woman through halls strung with colored wire - and harder to care, as they draw to the garage stairwell and wade up the steps.
There was a time when Dean couldn’t begin to hide from him, no matter what obscure backroad town in whatever corner of the country he’d holed up in. But that ended the day Castiel had marked him, carved him away from his winged brothers - carved him oh so neatly away from
Castiel blinks up at him, even though he hasn't looked away. "...Yes, of course."
Castiel traces every line. The stone is silent under his fingertips, and he’s just as quiet as he moves around it. He looks uncomfortable, even as he patiently follows every jagged scrape.
Castiel takes his hand- it’s the first time he’s touched Dean since he’s had his hands all over him, he can feel the skip of Dean’s heart in his pulse-
And something else, in the dim.
Castiel shakes his head. “The stone is… unmoved.” He tilts his head at him. “No, these- I found them in the seam.”
“The oracular waters. Can we douse’ em?”
“I sense nothing unusual.”
“Dean?”
“I suppose I’ll… go ahead of you, then.” Was it truly so hot? The heat did strange things to humans, he knew— slight differences of degrees in either direction, and it rendered their complex systems functionally useless. He’s more familiar with the effects of cold than this dense heat, but… he remembered it well. Dean was already causing him concern, but Sam isn’t behaving any more normally, and not being able to pinpoint it is going to drive him mad.
of this concerns you?”
He pinches the bridge of his nose, hard, steels himself and moves one hand to peer at Cas and Sam-
, as the man might put it with that lazy drawl,
Next to him, Dean is sprawled on his stomach, the sheet half-draped over his hips and covering almost nothing. Castiel glances over once or twice, but it feels wrong, somehow- Dean’s admonishments about leaving him alone while he slept are still evidently drilled deep in Castiel’s brain. And looking around Dean’s room, over Dean’s personal belongings, sparse as they were, only reminds him that this isn’t a place he’s meant to be. Dean hasn’t invited him to study his possessions, or to know the exact grooves Dean’s hand has worn into the handles of the weapons he has displayed with such pride.
And Dean doesn’t like that one fucking bit, because there’s a lot right at the surface of Dean’s brain that he really, really does not want to share with his little brother of all people, and that’s not even counting the stuff deep under the surface he doesn’t want to share with-- well, anyone.
Castiel looks up wide-eyed to see Sam leaning back against the closed garage door, chest heaving. Sam’s eyes are dark with fury, his face almost unrecognizable.
--But then the sun is blinding him, glaring off rushing riverwater and he has to blink to focus.
Still, besides all that, he can't remember the last time he felt more
He relegates it to the table with a distracted curse, crossing the inches between them, “Dean, I’m sorry,” he says, expecting anger, clumsily trying to mop up the mess somehow with his hands, scraping over wet cotton even as it sinks in- but instead, Dean’s hands catch his cheeks.
Castiel could understand why Dean might dream of Lucifer, but he didn’t know of a Jack that might feature so prominently. Another hunter, perhaps, or a television actor - human dreams were illogical at best. Still, he tries a soft murmur.
Castiel is a winding coil of heat, but he moves slow, Dean's thighs lax around his hips, shallow half-thrusts that don’t so much bring him closer as keep him steady.
“You know, if tossing our beer bottles in a different trashcan is what saves the world, Sammy, either we aren’t working hard enough or we’ve been going about this entirely the wrong way.”
He wades the ocean of beached cars. The tidal pull under the surface, rushing over bare feet, leads him to where the water drains into the seam. Over it, steam pours out in a funnel to the ceiling.
And, alone in the dark and wet and the haze, Dean starts to see things.
It’s warmer than before, the air oppressively thick with heat.
After Sam doesn’t seem like he's in actual distress, Dean lifts his hands, “Hey, hey, I wasn’t done- I was on a good track, there.” But mostly, he’s just relieved. That is, until Sam holds out the bowl of oil.
The state of his sleeves makes no difference to Castiel, but he finds himself appreciating the smirk. He appreciates many things about Dean’s face. He shifts a little closer, and--
He keeps waiting for Dean to bring it up. He supposes there’s no surprise Dean hasn’t, though. Just being “too close” in Dean’s kneejerk estimations could make the man skittish and difficult for days, and they have done a great deal more than simply be “close”.
He looks… light. Unburdened, a look Castiel has never reconciled with him, and it took years off him as easy as his favorite pie or a real smile from Sam.
have a kid? Him? No. And dogs? Dogs unnerve him. They all had a howl that made his stomach cramp up and break him out in a cold sweat, the taste of his own blood in his mouth. His death, maybe that wasn’t so out of the picture. He’s lived it more than enough times to nightmare up a new one. Even one that… unspectacular.
Castiel nods, because why wouldn’t he be? Dean gives him one last look and returns to his room, stepping around the shin-high fan in the doorway. There was still something strangely out of place about seeing him flop down onto his bed through the doorframe, an angular painting composed in dim light and skin.
