Do you have questions? SH
John nodded in return, his expression thoughtful. Of course it wasn’t, otherwise Sherlock would have given Greg an earful about disturbing him with something so dull.
Currently in a bit of a struggle, perhaps. But not weak.
“It’s not… There aren’t.. It’s not something you can just describe like that, Sherlock. It’s not a single feeling. Um.. It’s happiness, I guess? Feeling like you’re content,” he said and looked down at his plate to avoid meeting Sherlock’s intense stare.
, not to fall asleep, but here he was, the first rays of morning sunshine forcing him to squint his eyes as he looked around.
, he... he was happy. Very happy. Not a great time." He seemed to shake himself out of the memories and focused his eyes on Sherlock again.
"Are you coming or not?"
“I suppose.”
John was so engrossed in her story that he didn’t notice Sherlock moving before the taller man had dropped a chair next to him with a loud noise. Distracted, John glanced at Sherlock with a frown, but found him sitting down, eyes now fixed on Clara.
John looked puzzled, his brow furrowing. “Suicide?” he suggested after a moment.
On the way back to the cottage, John stayed silent. Sherlock could feel him as a presence behind his back as he walked, the sensation odd but not entirely unpleasant. He knew John was observing him, watching as Sherlock easily navigated the woods and found the path that led to their destination.
"I'm not exactly the most popular god, you have to realise that. The thing is, my influence on your kind– humans, I mean, has been great but… you've changed. Stopped remembering. My gift has lived on without me, become separate from me."
Sherlock frowned and looked no less confused. "But I… your eyes changed. I saw it."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "But books existed," he said, hoping to get a better answer.
Visibly relaxing, John began to smile genuinely again. He seemed to brighten once more, and appreciation returned to his eyes. Sherlock blinked, eyes drawn to the jumper John was still wearing. Was he imagining it or did it look more worn than moments before?
Sherlock’s face was serious and his eyes wide open as he pressed the phone to his ear.
Sherlock wanted to tell him off for using whatever strength he had left in him to do something so pointless but changed his mind. That would be missing the point. The point
Sherlock took one look at the video currently playing on John’s screen before interjecting in a bored tone: “There are no ghosts, John, they are simply the product of a human mind trying to distract itself from the harsh truth of its own mortality. What you’re watching is nothing more than shallow entertainment designed to clutter your brain and stop you from seeing things that truly matter.”
“Oh... So I’ll just.. tell you what happened?”
And what had John said about forms? That his form was designed… for Sherlock? He wasn't sure what that meant but he didn't like the sound of it. It sounded far too much like a trap, something to lure him in.
"Couldn't have said anything less vague, could you?"
Sherlock quirked up an eyebrow, disbelief in his eyes. "John," he said, testing out the name. Strangely, it seemed to suit the man as well as his odd outfit did. An ordinary, easy name for someone so… curious. That left Sherlock suspicious. John was becoming more and more complex by the minute.
But then…  when Sherlock looked across the clearing towards the way he'd come, his breath caught in his throat. His eyes had landed on
“Right… I’m off to bed,” he announced as he returned to the living room. He was somewhat surprised to find Sherlock standing at the window instead of still sitting in his beloved chair. Sherlock gave no sign to indicate he had heard John, he simply stood there with his back towards his flatmate.
The very same animal had taken to following him whenever he decided to embark on one of his trips into the forest and Sherlock couldn't for the life of him figure out why. He had nothing to offer and he was reasonably sure he wasn't even good company.
John then sighed quietly and glanced away into the distance. When he returned his gaze to Sherlock, he was once again eyeing his clothes as if Sherlock were the one dressed weirdly.
"I do not speak it," he said petulantly. Then, his expression quickly changed into curiosity.
"You're making the screen all dirty," he added with a frown.
Sherlock felt indignant and huffed softly. "Oh right,
“Yeah… Tea.”
“It’s… It’s nothing, John. Forget it.”
. Sherlock screamed. He cried.
He'd said he was a god, something Sherlock wanted to scoff at still because he didn't believe in
John’s mouth twitched into a smile as he trudged up the rest of the stairs, feeling warmth bloom in his chest.
Yes. SH
Sherlock gritted his teeth and looked down his nose at the man, finally regaining his ability to speak. "I'm sorry, who the hell are you?"
“I need you to fuck off…” John groaned and made a half-hearted attempt at snatching the duvet back. His flatmate was far quicker to react though and made sure he kept the thing out of John’s reach.
John was no longer wearing the chiton. Instead, he was dressed in a deep blue striped jumper, paired with jeans that looked well-worn. He wasn't barefoot anymore, his feet instead in a pair of leather shoes that clearly were not brand new either, but were still clean and well-maintained.
The way he said the words conveyed that he was not willing to discuss the topic further. Sherlock considered prodding more but found himself giving in. He looked back at his laptop.
Sherlock, however, looked less than pleased. As minutes passed, his mood seemed to become worse and worse. After several questions, when Clara batted her eyelashes at John for the sixth time, Sherlock stood up and turned to John.
Firstly, there was the matter of whatever experiment Sherlock had in mind. He needed to find out what Sherlock was trying to achieve and why he needed answers to impossible questions about the nature of love.
John huffed at that and rolled his eyes. “Right. Okay. Clearly there’s something
"Anything interesting?" Sherlock inquired when John came to a stop in the middle of the living area, having wandered through the kitchen, the small bathroom, and bedroom. He'd even put his head out of the back door to observe the terrace at the back of the building.
Sherlock's chest felt unpleasantly tight. He wasn't keen on thinking about the experience again, it had rattled him so badly. So that was why. Now he understood John's distress. Still, he didn't see his role in any of this.
“Still… You have experienced the sensation of being in love in a past relationship. However, it ended badly,” Sherlock said. He was now using his sharp deduction voice but somehow managed not to make the words as cutting as he often did with suspects and witnesses alike. John could only nod again.
A few hours passed and John tried his best to be nonchalant in his efforts to keep an eye on Sherlock. He could see no obvious warning signs of an illness; the man wasn’t coughing and didn’t seem to feel abnormally cold or hot. The only visible sign of discomfort John could see was the continued fidgeting as Sherlock tapped his foot against the floor or his fingers against any given surface nearby.
“Oh my god,” Mary was laughing, practically doubled over. John felt as if his teeth might shatter from grinding them together.
“Yes,” John said. His eyes were still closed, hands on his chest. “I do.”
. Then Sherlock was rolling the both of them and John was on his back, Sherlock planted between his legs. Sherlock rolled his hips and their cocks slid against each other’s and John gasped against Sherlock’s mouth. John hitched his legs around Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock set a slow rhythm against him, each stroke sending little flickers of sensation through John’s body. Sherlock’s mouth was on John’s neck, biting at him in a manner that John knew would leave a mark. He rather hoped there
“Mmm,” John said, hoping that a shipwreck was not on the plan for today’s excursion.
“It’s for the best, John,” Sherlock said, his voice infuriatingly calm.
John cursed again and followed, his hand on Sherlock’s arm. He could grab him if needed, wrap a fist around Sherlock’s slim arm and not let go.
“No,” Sherlock said, because his eyes were closed and he could see John perfectly well like this. The song was gone and John was here and everything, for the moment, was wonderful and there was absolutely no reason to panic.
(I’ve a tiny scar for you to find
“And,” John felt dizzy. His body was turning to a swirling pool, pulsing heat. “You thought about…”
Sherlock stood. He towered over John again, his expression intent, scrutinizing. It seemed as if he had a host of thoughts whirling in his brain, whole paragraphs of information connecting and writing themselves out, long and silent. John wondered if Sherlock would speak any of them out loud.
My friend, there’s a place for the lost and alone,
I’m solving puzzles in my mind
He’s on his feet now, looking no worse for the wear, save for the bruises on his neck. You stand in front of him with your arms tucked behind you, and it feels very much like you are standing at attention. Waiting for your next command.
"We can carry on as we always have," Sherlock said. "Sherlock Holmes and his friend and colleague, Doctor John Watson. We can act as if it never happened."
John cursed. His cock throbbed. This was a
“You weren’t drinking your beer,” you say. “And you were rooting for the wrong team.”
“Not sure I need all the details,” John said, his stomach issuing a complaint, despite its emptiness.
He made a sound into his pillow that was a little too close to a whimper for John’s taste.
” Sherlock said. “All the other bits I knew. I knew about Afghanistan. I knew about your ridiculous limp. I knew about Harry’s drinking, her marriage. I simply overlooked the tiny little fact that Harry happened to be a woman.”
The drone pauses just at an impressive-looking metal door that appears to be quite securely locked. There is a moment of nothing, and then a beeping noise sounds through the lobby. The door slides open.
The two of them were just in a flat. The ghost’s flat, the one who had been on a date with that woman. The nurse, the sad one. It was a strange flat. It was dark and it smelled funny and it had an egg-chair that made no sense. Sherlock also seemed to recall there being a skull. Why would there have been a skull? Was it one of his? And why weren’t they in the flat anymore, looking at the skull?
“Six-hundred and sixty-six.”
Sherlock took so long to come to bed that night that John started to wonder if he was purposefully waiting until he was certain John had fallen asleep. And when John lifted his head to watch Sherlock as he crept into the room, long after John had burrowed himself under the covers, he couldn’t tell if the look on Sherlock’s face was one of regret or relief.
John was still looking around, noticing also that the two of them were outside. “They were in a strop,” he said. He spoke as if his tongue wasn’t fully participating in speech production.
John started the kettle and munched on an apple while Sherlock finished up in the loo and Fitz cleared his plate. Despite the confusion that still seemed to linger in Sherlock’s expression earlier, John felt oddly joyful—a mixture of post-coital bliss and general exuberance at the developments between himself and Sherlock—and nearly had to stop himself from bloody humming out loud. However, he certainly didn’t have the capacity to stop himself from grinning like some sort of lunatic. He caught Fitz—having finished with his food—sitting at the table and looking at him oddly, licking bits of beans from his snout.
“Okay,” John said, in a tone that he hoped communicated that this was the last version of this conversation he ever wished to have.
You jog after him. “Wait,” you say. “The police
John smiled. “Go ahead.”
“Um,” you say, not quite sure if it ought to be a problem or not. “That depends on who we’re following.” You turn to the right all the same.
. And then Sherlock had kissed him, but it felt vicious. And then Sherlock had dropped to his knees in front of him, but it felt hateful. And John had wanted it—
“Nope,” John said. “Nope. Not a matter of time. The two of us aren’t...anything. Everything is exactly as it was before.”
“Been needing that second bed much?” she asked.
to run towards.
“It’s fine,” John said. “You don’t have to apologize. Not really. I’ve been…” John wasn’t sure how to finish that sentence. He had been a lot of things—confused, pining, love-struck. Engaged to somebody who wasn’t Sherlock.
Sherlock pretended not to hear. He made a show of tapping away at his phone.
Fanvid by
After fifteen minutes, it was clear that Sherlock wouldn’t be returning anytime soon. John went back inside and did his best to occupy his time. He took a shower, leaning out of the tub to check his mobile roughly once every minute. He had a go at making something to eat, but gave up midway through, his stomach far too choppy for food. He sent Sherlock another text.
“Ah,” Sherlock said. Another mystery solved, then. He released John’s arm and dug into the pocket of his overcoat. His pocket seemed very deep, and he spun in a little circle as his hand searched for its prize. Finally, he pulled out a little green bottle, holding it up with a flourish. “Ah!”
“Lonely,” John said again. “You. The great Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock
“Do I remember?” the John from Sherlock's Mind Palace asked, jerking his head to the side, gesturing at someone absent. “The other me?”
“Oh really?” Mary asked. “Anything interesting?”
Sherlock grinned. “Knock.” With that, he slunk away, disappearing around the side of the cottage.
of apologies, more apologies than he could possibly ever verbalize.
. He glanced towards John for the first time since he broke their kiss, looking apologetic.
“Any good?” John asked.
John thought to say something about how Sherlock didn’t need to worry about trying to calm Rosie, that John would do his best to get the screaming infant out of Sherlock’s flat soon, but this was the most activity he had seen out of Sherlock all evening and he didn’t want to press his luck. Instead, he watched Sherlock walk Rosie around the room, rubbing her back and seeming not to mind as she drooled onto his dressing gown. She quieted a bit as he moved her about the room, her cries becoming slightly less ear-splitting.
John chuckled. “Leave it to you to have deduced that,” he said. “Yeah. A kid was being a prick, so I punched him in the mouth. Turns out, he had braces.” John wrinkled his nose. “Probably shouldn’t have punched him.”
Except, it didn’t seem to be very much of an adventure, now did it?
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “
“I don’t break that easy,” John said. “Try me. You’ll see.”
“You seemed adamant that I learn,” Sherlock said. “So I learned.”
“Any questions?” Sherlock asked.
“Vatican cameos?” John asked.
“Well,” John said, “I happened to be a bit more concerned with you choking on your own vomit than whether or not you could reach your bloody bedside table.”
“You’d take the whole ocean on,” he said. It might have been a question, but it didn’t sound like one.
“So the plan is,” John said, “you’re just going to text your contacts and ask if they’ve gotten any requests for new identities recently? On the off-chance that Mary knows the same people?”
A gust of wind blew towards them, stinging at John’s eyes. The sky was bleak, turning the waters in front of them a dull grey. A seagull drifted through the air and made a squawking noise, as if to warn them of the oncoming weather.
He was still smiling when he left Sherlock’s bedroom with his clothes in hand, despite the unpleasantness of what was to come. He was nearly bloody humming to himself.
“Yes?” Sherlock’s voice crackled through the speaker, calm as ever.
“She isn’t going to like
John glanced at the stained space on the floor—now torn up and in pieces about the room—where Declan’s body was found, bullet hole in his forehead. He tapped at the crinkled pages in his hand, suddenly aware that he was reading a story that did not have a happy ending.
Sherlock eyed him suspiciously. “Why?”
Sherlock glared. “Maybe there’s a kindness there. An honesty.”
John’s hand slipped into Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock could nearly feel the weight of John’s legs pressing down against his thighs. He tried not to sigh. “What if I want something different?” John asked.
once worms have chewed me dry
draw on a tattoo or two.
he was
“That cut above your eye,” he said, brow furrowing. “Is it still bleeding? Do you need a plaster?” He pressed a light finger to the spot, checking for blood, answering his own question. He shook his head. “Closed up nicely. Should be good.” He touched at a few other spots on Sherlock’s face—little scratches and scrapes, Sherlock wagered—making humming noises as he did so. “You’re all right,” he said, and he appeared to be saying it more to himself than to Sherlock.
“That’s one of seven ways I knew,” Sherlock said.
Mary would be upset, angry, betrayed; however, it was Rosie John worried about. Mary could decide to leave, decide to make
“Getting to know the neighbors?” John asked, sitting himself on the sand next to Sherlock.
She asked him out for a drink again. He declined.
“John,” Sherlock said. “I am concerned about your ability to convincingly act as if you are in a relationship.”
“Get your bloody clothes off,” he growls, hauling you into sitting, fingers tearing at the few remaining buttons on your shirt. He goes to pull your shirt open but you close a hand on it, keeping it tight over your ruined shoulder, a portion of your brain finally clicking back into use.
“This leads me to believe that there is much more stalking involved before the actual murder than I originally thought,” Sherlock said. “The killer likely chooses the victims and then studies their movements, their habits. We should be on the lookout for anything amiss in our immediate environment. We can certainly expect the killer to break into the cottage while we’re away to dismantle security measures.”
“Yeah,” John said. “It certainly has.”
“Am not,” John said before he could stop himself. He wasn’t shy, not exactly. He was mostly caught off guard. He knew Sherlock was shamming—hell, he had
John nodded, sound still absent. He looked okay, looked very okay, looked as if this was the most okay he had been in months, years. Finally, he found sound.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right,” John said. “A man loving his daughter. Dull.”
"Ἰωάννης."
Sherlock made a face and did his best to look haughty. "An awful jumper? Unflattering jeans? Suit yourself," he said.
It was too dark to see Sherlock’s face but John could hear an actual gasp as Sherlock’s brain registered his words. Was he shocked? Horrified? John had no real way of telling.
He heard his stomach rumble and so he wandered to the kitchen to prepare himself some breakfast. He had just finished making himself a sandwich when he heard his phone make a sound in the living room. It was a text message.
“No one wants to witness a coworker’s death.”
, singular, let alone many of them. But what John had showed him… it had been terrifying. Nothing Sherlock had experienced in his life compared to that void. And John's clothes. He'd changed in the blink of an eye. New clothes had materialised from thin air. It was against everything Sherlock knew and it simply wasn't possible.
The fox simply stared back, looking unimpressed.
"Wolfsbane, John," Sherlock gritted out like he couldn't understand why John wasn't reacting.
a sight worth appreciating.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he took in a surprised breath. That wasn't the sort of thing people said to him. The most compliments he'd received from his parents, years ago, because they, quite inexplicably in his opinion, had always loved him despite the fact that everyone else disagreed.
"Oh, you help! Detective, that means you find things. You can help me," John said gleefully.
"There are mice in the kitchen," John said then. He sounded amused.
Sherlock frowned as he considered John’s words. “That’s not a truthful answer from you,” he said after a moment.
"What I do have left… when it runs out, I'll be stuck there. In the place I showed you. There will not be a way out."
Somewhere in the back of Sherlock's mind, a small voice spoke up.
“I’m surprised you didn’t ask for her phone number right there and then.”
"Ah... Persian buttercup," he said.
"I know."
John blinked and thought of Clara’s smiles and looks. “Uh, well…”
"Το στολή σου είναι παράξενο," he said.
John released a breath and leaned back in his seat. Something was definitely up. Knowing Sherlock, it was likely to be a bit not good.
He had reached the first few steps of the stairs when he heard a soft voice from behind.
Standing up and stretching, Sherlock fought back a yawn and then glared harder at the old sofa. He refused to admit he'd been at all tired. He didn't get tired. Sleeping was
"You are quite sane," the man said as if reading Sherlock's mind, waving his hand a little.
"It doesn't work on just people," John continued.
Sherlock squinted at John's palm. He could see no irritation on his skin.
Flattery.
"Help how?"
Sherlock made a soft humming sound and laced his fingers in his lap.
, what was wrong with him? He was not supposed to be affected like this. After all, caring was not an advantage.
“Come on, John!”
John's eyes fell from Sherlock to his backpack on the ground. He walked over to it, picking up the notebook and studying it. Sherlock followed him with his eyes but didn't stop him, even though he usually detested people touching his things without permission. A frown appeared on John's face and he held the notebook closer to his eyes, squinting at it. Sherlock wondered if he was struggling with the handwriting or the language in general. He sounded English when he spoke and yet... it seemed foreign to him.
"And you think I can fix that somehow?"
“I see…” Sherlock murmured, processing John’s words.
Sherlock decided to huff. "It's not magic, John. It's technology," he said as uncaringly as he could. It was proving to be a little difficult though, especially with John's warm presence still hovering so close to him.
"Sweet-talk," John said, shrugging again.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” John asked as they headed back into the street.
"What... what was that?" Sherlock demanded, stumbling away from the blonde. He wanted to regain his composure immediately, to put his walls back up and possibly shout at John – or whatever the
something though. It was... painful, Sherlock realised. Agony. An endless void, a hopeless emptiness where nothing existed around him and he did not exist anywhere. He was and he wasn't. He had no name but he could feel every regret of his lifetime, every failure, every niggling thought that bothered him like some thoughts bothered all humans in the dark of the night.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, since you lot have jumped to the conclusion that this is a suicide. I’m only interested in getting the information I need. Depending on what that turns out to be, I can either rule her out or not.”
"It's like magic!" John said breathily, and Sherlock felt a shiver travel down his spine.
His thoughts strayed back to the previous night and their brief squabble. Sherlock had once again demanded him to answer an impossible question and… Christ, what had he done? It had been late, really late, and he’d been half-asleep and rather pissed off at his flatmate’s antics. And then he’d just… gone and blurted out something a bit not good.
"I don't have much power left," John confessed.
John browsed through his email absentmindedly, more focused on wondering how he could question Sherlock about all the recent events and their earlier chat without making it terribly awkward. He was just about to delete a bunch of spam emails to make room for case offers when Sherlock suddenly sat up and cleared his throat.
John chuckled. "Okay, okay…"
The man seemed to find Sherlock's reaction amusing as a grin spread across his face and he nodded, murmuring something else to himself. He then looked Sherlock up and down before opening his mouth again. This time Sherlock understood.
Then, as suddenly as he'd retreated into his own mind, the strange man looked up at Sherlock again and his face brightened, smile returning.
"Usually I solve their murders," Sherlock murmured, glancing down at the notebook in front of him. He then growled softly and closed his eyes for a brief moment. "Fine. I'll take it," he muttered.
“Well, there are better options to be thinking about than potential murderers.” He let out a chuckle.
That night, John went to bed a little later and sleep claimed him in no time. His sleep was not disturbed by nightmares, he felt warm and comfortable buried under his duvet, and…
"You must be quite extraordinary."
"Well, you
terribly poisonous, and just touching it could indeed kill you, but if John truly hadn't been affected… Could that be?
"You could be so beautiful, couldn't you? So much more than you even know. You could be loved and cherished, and your worth could be seen. You could bathe in the sunlight and never have to cower in the dark again, freed from everything that's crushing you, has been crushing you so hard you've been sinking."
He then paused for a second and snorted. “Besides, your silly video isn’t really even about the so called ghosts,” he said knowingly, walking over to his chair and dramatically flopping down into it.
John almost choked on his pasta. “What?”
Sherlock was forced to look up when he saw John move forward and reach out his hand.
John was all that and kept looking at him in a way he couldn't understand either. It was like he knew Sherlock, was completely and utterly comfortable with him, and somehow wanted nothing but to continue looking at him.
Practicing medicine in the army—in an active war zone—was a whole different animal. It was dangerous, yes, but it was exhilarating
He figured he ought to be worried about that but couldn’t quite work up the effort.
“It’s a good thing that he isn’t really leaving after all,” Mary said, her voice a caricature of cheer. “You won’t have to lose him for a second time.”
“I have told you literally nothing about
all right.
Sherlock after all; danger followed him like a dog after scraps. Still, Sherlock’s relationship with danger seemed to be one of affection, even nonchalance at times. It had never once occurred to John that the danger posed during Sherlock’s time away might have been different from the levels of danger with which Sherlock usually surrounded himself. And it certainly never occurred to him that Sherlock might have been scared. He remembered the scars he saw on Sherlock’s back the other morning—angry, infected—and considered, for the first time, that Sherlock might have had a valid reason to be afraid.
the world can be vicious and heartless and cruel,
Sherlock kissed him softly, shushing him with his lips. “I know,” he said.
“Murdered sheep,” John said.
[]          []          []
*           *           *
“Yeah,” John said. “That’s bullshit.”
“Shhhh,” Sherlock said, and slid his finger further inside.
Sherlock pointed a finger at John’s face, but he was seeing a few different versions of John’s face floating in front of him at the moment and couldn’t be sure he was pointing at the correct one. “A best man,” he said, guessing that he ought to be pointing at the face on the right, “is always prepared.” With that, he unscrewed the cap to the bottle and took a long swig. He swished the liquid around his mouth and swallowed.
“You love me,” Sherlock said.
“Kind of like I do with my blog,” John said.
John shook his head at the tea-puddle. He felt more or less defeated. “I don’t feel much like fighting at the moment.”
“God, Sherlock, all I can think about is what Mary will say—what she’ll
he said.
John nodded. “Of course I’m sure.”
“It does a thing to a person,” Gilly said. “It completely ruins your faith in humanity. It makes it impossible to trust anybody. Everybody is so disloyal, just a bunch of liars and cheats.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock said. He balled up the bloodied gauze and threw it at the bin as if it burned his skin, which it felt as though it had. “Sorry. Sorry.”
Sherlock slowed his hand on John’s chest, moving it in time with the rise and fall of his breaths. John was warm underneath his fingers. “You’re alright,” he said.
John could feel the bed growing hot with Sherlock just behind him, could smell Sherlock as his body took up space in the room—the traces of shampoo and sweat and firewood. He could feel the unsteady puffs of Sherlock’s breaths just tickling at the back of his neck. The mattress shifted once more. There was a rustle of covers. Something warm hovered just over the skin of John’s shoulder blade. A hand—millimeters above skin, shaking but careful. Not touching.
Mary was still laughing. “What did the two of you do, anyway? To get yourselves arrested?”
kissing. Sherlock’s hands were in John’s hair and his body was pressed flush to John’s and he seemed keen to never let John escape his grasp. John moaned and wrapped his arms around Sherlock. His knees could have gone out from under him if he wasn’t careful. It was real, this was real. Sherlock’s body was warm and
His therapist told him that these patterns of thinking were unhelpful and inaccurate. She told him that they were colored by hindsight bias, and he was expecting himself to have utilized knowledge he never possessed in the moment. She told him that he acted as best as he could have in the situation, given everything. She told him to forgive himself.
“I wanted you too,” Sherlock said. “I thought I’d never have you, never again.”
You pocket the coins. “Right,” you say, as if you understand everything now, which you don’t. You turn and walk off the train. You don’t say anything else to the man as you leave, but when you glance back through the doors as they close, you see that he is still watching you.
Sherlock wove their car between three motorbikes in quick succession and John was too terrified to look behind them to check if everyone was still alive. “There are ways of faking kisses,” Sherlock said. “Utilizing a well-placed hand to hide mouths from view. Placing a thumb over a partner’s mouth and kissing the thumb instead. Pressing a closed-lipped mouth to another’s lips, cheek, neck, and pantomiming the act of a kiss without actually kissing.” Sherlock whipped their car around a semi-truck and John saw his life flash before his eyes. “Methods that imitate intimacy without actually being intimate.”
“I remember this,” John said. “I remember you.”
For that, John supposed that he was grateful.
“Or,” John said, ignoring how much he’d like for Sherlock’s hand to continue moving down his body, “we could act like adults and go to sleep.”
“You,” John repeated. “You’ve had relationships.”
Sherlock sighed. He massaged his temples. “In order to lure this killer to us,” he said, “you and I will need to convince him that we are a couple.”
Hugh lifted a bottle from his passenger seat. “Just wanted to drop off some wine for you.” He waved the bottle in the air. “Local merchant sells it. I’m not much of a wine drinker myself, but my sister tells me it’s a good type. Thought you blokes might like it.”
“I know,” Sherlock said again, because of course he knew—or rather, he didn’t know. He would never know again, it seemed, what he would do without John next to him.
But Will had fallen silent. His face had gone white, his eyes bugging in his head. His hands stopped their shaking. The whole of him went still. He was staring at something, unblinking. Something just past John’s right shoulder, just at the doorway to the storage room. Will’s lips gave a little quiver. He looked very much as if he was seeing a ghost.
John’s mouth opened and closed. For the life of him, he couldn’t think of a single word to say.
,” John moaned in a voice he didn’t recognize. “I need you to fuck me hard.”
“We don’t want to keep Conor out here at night,” Darren said, “what with all the—” he gestured at the sheep. “And we don’t want just one of us out here either. Just in case.”
“Do they fancy him?” Rosie asked.
of it? Why did you attack that man? You were bound up. They had guns. You could have gotten yourself…” Sherlock’s eyes pressed closed. He exhaled, a trembling noise.
“More,” John said.
something, even if it’s just pretending.”
“Anyway,” Sherlock continued. “Impulsive behavior coupled with a mild alcohol problem made it difficult for him to keep a steady job in his youth but suited him nicely to fall in with the criminal element. A few odd jobs here and there. Good money. But his conscience always tugged at him. He never wanted it for his future, always looking for a way out.”
“It’s beautiful,” John said.
And when you see us, you’ll agree—
Breathe, John reminded himself. Your body is doing what it does best. All you have to do is help it breathe.
“Mrs. Hudson might have a thing or two to say about that,” Sherlock replied. He nudged John’s shoulder.
“Oh, you know I’m chuffed,” Mrs. Hudson said, patting at John’s shoulder. “Just. Keep the door closed, won’t you?”
John saw something flicker over Sherlock’s face, a sort of regret. Sherlock nodded his head firmly and stepped free of John’s grasp. He leapt into the boat in one graceful maneuver and then they were off, cutting along the waves and heading for the mainland. Lucy increased her pacing in the boat, displeased by the sudden movement. John just caught another little bleat from her over the roar of the engine. Sherlock turned to look at John as they left, his coat wrapped around him, hands in his pockets, wind tearing at his curls. John watched him until the boat was a dot on the Sound. Then he turned and started back up the hill.
“Hello,” Sherlock said.
Mrs. Hudson did not appear to be hurt or in danger. She looked, instead, very angry. “John Watson,” she hissed. “What have you got to say for yourself?”
Soon, they reached the westernmost point of the island. The edge of the island tapered off into a pointed outcropping of rocks, its triangle tip sloping down at the sides like John presumed the old thatched roofs on the island houses used to. Cliffs dropped into the water at either side—a shorter drop into the angry waters than the rest of the island, but a drop nonetheless. Sherlock didn’t even slow his stride, climbing over the rocks until he reached the tip of the island.
Sherlock scoffed. “Please, John. Your days at Baker Street are numbered. They always have been.”
John’s hands were still on his back. He looked at Sherlock with an incredulous expression.
John blinked some more. He shook his head, trying to jostle his brain back into functioning.
John’s hand was starting to lose its rhythm on Sherlock’s cock, his muscles stuttering just out of his control, and Sherlock replaced John’s hand with his own as he moved even faster against John. John flopped back to the mattress, catching himself on an elbow and gripping the sheets in tight fingers, panting as he thrust harder into Sherlock. His head lolled back, dipping in time with Sherlock’s movements against him. John whimpered and moaned underneath him, the whole of his body red and shimmering. Sweat dripped down his temples, his neck, his chest. Sherlock could nearly taste him. John’s eyes were dipping closed, mouth open, his panted breaths gone ragged. He looked to be in unspeakable agony. Sherlock moved faster, rode him harder. John cried.
“Is everything alright?” John asked, shifting Rosie’s carrier in his hands.
), you think of the bloke with the pen cap stuck up his nose (
“Why would I go to hospital?” Sherlock asked. “I have an in-house doctor.”
dreams. John no longer had them with the frequency to which he admitted in the past (
“I know,” John said.
A holding cell. They were in a holding cell at Scotland Yard.
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock said. “You leave other details out of that one as well. It’ll just annoy me. Find one where you’re more comprehensive.”
Friendly reminder that Sherlock is secretly a Disney princess and in real life you probably shouldn’t approach wild animals.
“And if you even so much as finish that sentence,” the man said, his voice colder than Sherlock’s in an instant, “I will blow a hole through his skull, come up onto the island, and make you watch as I fuck it.”
John nodded. He reached out his hand, an offer. An offer for the moment, for the madness, for today, for tomorrow. For always.
Another string of profanity from Sherlock. “There’s no telling which harbor he’s heading back to,” Sherlock said. “For all we know, he has some private hideout where he docks his boat. God
“You already paid attention to so much,” John said, eyes fixed on the sky. “You were likely tapped out.”
“I do like Sherlock,” Mary said. “I really do. I think he is a wonderful, brilliant man. I am thrilled he is back alive, back in your life. But what I feel for him, John,” her expression was insistent, “pales in comparison to what
“This eastern bit of the island here,” Claire said, “is where all the Islanders lived. This is the only place on the Island that’s near habitable. Some monks lived out on the southwest side of the Island a long time ago, but the elements were a bit too rough on that side for most folks.”
, John couldn’t force himself to say.
It shouldn’t feel this wonderful.
Sherlock ran a hand across John’s back and kissed him just behind his ear and it seemed as if he understood.
“But if you
Mary’s brow furrowed. “No you don’t.”
Sherlock propped himself on an elbow and wrapped his fist as tightly as he could around his cock. It wasn’t as tight as John—he couldn’t make it as tight as John—but it would have to suffice. Slowly, he shifted his hips forward, sliding his cock into his fist at an agonizing pace. His body shook and his breath caught in his throat. He clenched his hand around himself, squeezing his cock within an inch of its life. He made a little whimpering noise.
Sherlock chuckled. He brushed his nose against John’s. “So lewd, John,” he said. “Hardly proper.”
John considered the man. He looked back at the building behind them. He looked at the street sign to their left. “I don’t think,” he said, “we’ve gone very far.”
happen to own a cricket bat, which he made use of on Sherlock’s head. Sherlock was not particularly sure what happened after that.
“No,” John said, barely able to speak through the grin spreading across his face. “That is, I’d hoped, but…” He rubbed at Sherlock’s arm. “I’m aware of it now.”
“Six minutes,” Sherlock said. “And...twenty seconds?”
“Of course the wedding’s still on,” John said, brows furrowed. “Why wouldn’t the wedding still be on?”
of ways,” Sherlock said. “Matching flushes. Rumpled clothing. Awkward smiles, as if hiding a secret. Standing a little too far from each other, but seeming to wish they were closer. Also, the woman sounded quite emotional in her message of mourning on his page, much more than would be expected of an acquaintance or coworker.” He clicked the screen shut on his mobile. “Liars, John. The lot of them.”
Thank you for reading! The world is strange but you are amazing!
“What the hell are you doing out here?” John asked, the relief over finding Sherlock slipping into frustration at him for running off in the first place.
“He seems guilty,” John said. “Whatever it was he did, he did it for his family.”
For a moment, Sherlock forgot how to do everything. He forgot how to breathe, how to think, how to move his limbs, how to work his mouth. He was a white ball of panic who had forgotten how to do anything except exist with John’s mouth pressed to his. Then he remembered. He surged forward against John, grabbing at the lapels of John’s jacket and pressing their bodies together. John’s lips parted against Sherlock’s and then Sherlock was tasting him, tongues tangling together. John tasted of whiskey and vanilla and a taste that was uniquely John, a taste that Sherlock had previously only imagined. John’s hands were gripping Sherlock’s face, winding into his hair, pulling him closer, closer. Someone was moaning and Sherlock realized that it was him.
*           *           *
“I don’t think I ever said it,” John said. “I should have. I certainly thought it a lot. But I don’t think I ever said it.” He swallowed. “I’m glad you’re not dead.”
*           *           *
The train comes to a stop. The doors slide open and passengers start shuffling their way out.
, I am more than capable of managing without you.”
John laughed, a sound that pealed from his mouth and drifted off onto the wind and seemed to carry everything with it—the lies and the denial and the nightmares and the twisting in his gut and the crushing feeling in his chest and the absolute madness of doing anything else in his life when he could have been pouring his love into the man standing directly in front of him. He wrapped his fingers around the nape of Sherlock’s neck and pulled him close and laughed and laughed and Sherlock laughed too, a soft, breathy sound of sweetness and relief.
“I made some very convincing arguments,” Sherlock said.
“So much,” John said. “I love you so much.”
Sherlock blinked at him.
“Why would I wear clothes?” Sherlock asked.
“That’s not even true,” John said, before he had the chance to consider that his argument was the very definition of ridiculous.
a right mess?”
Sherlock padded down the stairs. His flies were open, and he was still buttoning a shirt over his bare chest. “Problem?” he asked.
And John slept.
“So you’re going to tell everyone about that, then?” John asked.
“Impatient criminals don’t stop,” Sherlock said. “Our criminal seems intent on killing the sheep. He won’t be able to stay away. All we have to do is wait for him.”
John sat in front of him, although he preferred Sherlock to refer to him as
*           *           *
John’s fingers pistoned in and out of his arse. His hand pumped over his cock. He wasn’t being quiet anymore, not by a long shot. He ought to care. He didn’t care. He needed this—Christ, how he needed this. He couldn’t get the angle of his fingers quite right. It wasn’t quite right, still wasn’t enough, still wasn’t Sherlock. He made a frustrated noise, shoving his fingers into himself harder, faster. He couldn’t hold himself upright anymore and collapsed against the sink, his chest pressed against the counter, face plastered to the cool tile, arse jutting into the air. He pictured Sherlock’s hands on him, running along the slick sweat of his back, scratching at him, grasping at his shoulders as he pounded into John harder, faster, more.
That got Sherlock’s attention. Immediately, his eyes were on John again, his mind clearly working and processing the words. He was quiet for a moment as the car moved sluggishly and the cabbie fiddled with the radio.
John took a bite from his sandwich as he stared at the message, frowning. What was he on about this time? He typed a quick reply.
"He– er,
He then blinked once. Then again. There was something different about John. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. What was it? He got up and walked over to the shorter man — no, god, staring down at him and trying to figure it out.
“I’ll listen to your lungs and heart,” John decided. Sherlock looked up at him with wide eyes, his lips slightly parted. The sight filled John with fondness but he mentally scolded himself for allowing his feelings to bubble up like that.
John seemed to understand that Sherlock was becoming more agitated, and in turn brought his hand up to lightly pat the detective's arm.
John perked up again at Sherlock's words of comfort. He glanced at the laptop again but seemed to be cheered up by Sherlock's reassurance, giving a nod. "Yes… that is true. Thank you, Sherlock."
He’d simply gone and connected the massive, frightening concept of love to himself and his flatmate while said flatmate was obviously just trying to approach the matter from a cautious, scientific angle.
“Where’s the witness? We need to talk to her,” Sherlock said, nodding to John.
With a sigh of relief, John pushed open his bedroom door and quickly changed into his pyjamas before slipping into bed. He got into a comfortable position and then listened to any sounds from downstairs. He couldn’t hear anything so Sherlock was most likely continuing his thinking session in the living room.
"You do understand, Sherlock," he said which only made Sherlock huff and glare at him harder.
Sherlock huffed and clambered off the sofa to stand at his full height which let him look down at John instead. He stepped closer to the shorter man and made his face as impassive as possible.
John licked his lips and scratched the back of his neck, shifting in his seat uncomfortably. What was this about? What the hell was Sherlock getting at? It wasn’t just that he felt reluctant to talk about the issue, he also felt he was incapable of giving Sherlock an answer that would satisfy him.
, he thought with passing fascination.
"What is your name?" John asked in turn, seemingly oblivious to Sherlock's wariness.
At that, John blinked once and then started walking.
“Right… What is it like?” John stared at him, starting to feel more worried. This was odd and unusual. Sherlock was behaving in a way that wasn’t right.
"I'm a consulting detective."
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over to John again but he said nothing for a moment.
"Show me your hand," he demanded then, taking a step towards John who still looked like saw no reason to be upset. He slowly held out his hand for Sherlock to examine, continuing to watch the man curiously while he did so.
"Your case."
John looked up from the newspaper he had been reading in his chair, only to see Sherlock more or less lunging at the phone which was lying on the coffee table. He suppressed a smile at the sight.
"…and a handsome face." John stopped to smile charmingly, his face now amused as he gazed down at Sherlock who was still looking dazed and had to work on regaining his ability to speak.
Sherlock put the gloves in his bag and then turned in the direction he'd come from to find the clearing. "Let's go then."
Nevertheless, Sherlock remained silent.
here I’m just too bloody dumb to notice.”
Sherlock blinked. He heard a distant voice but couldn't quite make out what it was saying. He frowned and realised that John's lips were moving. Oh. John must have been speaking.
“There’s nothing wrong with your lungs or your heart. Your heart rate is somewhat elevated but I don’t think it’s anything out of the ordinary,” John finally announced. This, however, made Sherlock look anxious instead of relaxed.
"This form is designed to your liking."
Sherlock let out an impatient huff. “Well?”
I do not speak Greek so I deeply apologise if there are mistakes in my writing. I just really wanted to write something where John is the god of flattery. It seems suitable, right?
* * *
The following day, John was again sat in the living room, this time in his chair with his laptop perched on his lap. He was grinning at the screen but looked up when he saw Sherlock approach from the corner of his eye.
Sherlock had just explained one of the cases he'd solved that had sparked his interest in natural poisons – the murder of a rich businessman whose wife and mistress had had an affair of their own and then turned against him – when he saw John more or less
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. "Yes. And?"
"I noticed."
"Why is that plant so important?"
John moved his gaze from the laptop to Sherlock and then brought a hand up to his face, rubbing his forehead thoughtfully. "It was…. hm. A long time ago. Or maybe not so long? I… I'm not sure," he murmured, shaking his head.
“John,” he began conversationally, “you have been in love in the past, yes?”
* * *
Sherlock's expression was indignant, his eyes stormy and defiant, but he struggled to respond. He had never met anyone so infuriating, anyone who made him so curious, who was supposed to be easy to read but absolutely wasn't.
"What century is this?"
"Why do
* * *
“You’ll need to take off your shirt,” he added and then hurried off to fetch his stethoscope, letting Sherlock undress in peace.
Sherlock cringed. It was just his luck. Mummy and Mycroft had always said he found trouble wherever he went, and if he didn't go to it, it came to him. Now here he was, taking the god of flattery (apparently) to his place.
John hummed in response.
Sherlock wanted to say something, maybe demand the man for an explanation, but found himself quite speechless. He had seen his fair share of bizarre things but this man… He was something new.
John shook his head.
Sherlock shook his head. "You just said you were the god of flattery and that… that this form was to my liking."
Blinking and making a soft, rather embarrassing sound, Sherlock resorted to nodding. The way John's eyes swept over him, the way they
* * *
John shook his head. "I'm fine. There is no reason to worry."
John simply stared back as if expectant.
Sherlock couldn't have spoken if he'd wanted to. His eyes were glued to John and John's blue eyes stared back at him, trapping him in his place even harder.
John moved away from his shoulder and Sherlock heard a disbelieving huff. "Oὐαί! Not in the literature?!"
“Ah,” he breathed.
Sherlock blinked and really did turn his head this time, raising his eyebrows at John. The look on the golden man's face was one Sherlock hadn't witnessed before; it was one of indignation. He had spoken Greek again which Sherlock couldn't understand but interpreted as some kind of an exclamation of distress. For a moment, Sherlock tried imagining what it would be like to be in John's position. To be confused and alone, in the middle of a world he didn't recognise or feel home at, with perhaps only one hope to have any kind of future.
Arriving at the opposite edge of the clearing, Sherlock lowered his backpack on the ground and crouched down to study the plant in front of him. It was exactly what he'd been looking for. With a small smile of satisfaction, Sherlock pulled out a notebook and a pen from his backpack and began scribbling down notes.
gone into the woods expecting to return with a companion – a person of all things – and on top of this shock, he'd also been confronted with the unbelievable claim that John wasn't even human.
"What a peculiar sight."
"What the hell is a Greek god doing in England?"
created by London's countless idiots.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John, this isn’t about your laptop… Just. Give me an answer. A real one,” Sherlock whined.
do not seem to appear in the literature," Sherlock said.
The previously pathetic-looking, withered plant was now blooming. Its leaves were lush and green, and it now had three gorgeous, light pink flowers. John smiled briefly at it, clearly satisfied with his work.
John's smile changed into confusion again. "But you've made it yours, yes? It means you."
They were both quiet for the rest of the cab ride.
Sherlock turned away with a scowl. He crouched down next to his backpack and grabbed his notebook, finishing the sentence he'd been in the middle of writing. He heard John move to stand next to him but didn't pay him any attention.
Sherlock nodded, rubbing his hands together. “We have a witness, yes.”
the sight as he stood there… it was electrifying.
“Judging by your reaction… you weren’t the one to initiate the break-up.”
John nodded. He sat with his back straight and hands in his lap. "You don't believe me," he murmured.
Despite John’s decision to confront his flatmate, they didn’t talk when Sherlock returned. John attempted to start a conversation a few times but he simply couldn’t find the right words. He was at a loss while growing more and more confused.
Not a normal man. He couldn't be.
Sherlock thought the silence was rather nice as it gave him an opportunity to think. And he desperately needed to think. He had
“Better options however? Frankly, you do not seem so averse to potential murderers.” He tilted his head down a little as he spoke and then looked at John from under his brows, a gesture that always made John’s chest feel a little tighter and his heart skip a small beat.
John, somewhat dumbfounded, looked back at Clara. “Uh… Yeah, that’s all, I think. Thank you for your time,” he said, watching her eyes widen slightly as he turned to leave. She opened her mouth to say something more but Sherlock’s voice grabbed John’s attention first.
Sherlock swallowed. "What… what just happened?" He looked down at his hands and squeezed them into fists after realising they were shaking a little. He shook his head to try to clear it and heard John laugh softly. That annoyed him. Was John mocking him now?
Sherlock was quiet but John could see him sometimes wiggling his bare toes and sometimes bouncing his leg which were familiar signs of restlessness the detective usually started showing after a while without a case worth his attention.
John shook his head in turn. "Don't you see?"
“No, really,” John said and cleared his throat softly. He took a breath and thought
"What do you do, Sherlock?" John finally asked. He had looked up from the notes and didn't seem affected by the fact he'd found Sherlock staring back at him intensely. Normally, people disliked the way he stared at them. It made them nervous, he'd heard. It was rude.
"I suppose I'm technically not on holiday then," he replied, leading John to the door.
I was unaware your day could be made with so little effort. SH
“I can take another listen to it, I suppose,” he said.
"Sherlock," he answered plainly.
John surprises Sherlock. In many ways. Outfit choices are questioned.
Sherlock sighed. "John, I do not believe in an omniscient being. Or beings. I work with facts, and facts only."
"That is interesting. Sometimes that happens."
"Why do you look like that?"
John leaned over his shoulder again, then, and peered at the screen. "What can it tell you about me?"
When John saw the cottage, he broke the silence and drew Sherlock out of his thoughts.
* * *
The man kept walking until he was two feet away, and then stopped.
* * *
“Good night, John.”
. It can tell you about us?" John inquired, sounding fascinated again.
He frowned and shifted, pulling the duvet higher to cover his body better.
"Fascinating," John murmured behind him.
“You have to tell me if you start to feel worse,” John said firmly and touched Sherlock’s shoulder with his hand for emphasis. Sherlock glanced at the hand and then slowly looked up to meet John’s eyes, nodding.
Rather grouchy, Sherlock packed his backpack and headed out into the forest behind the cottage.
“Look at this,” John said, pointing a finger at the laptop, “these two blokes are trying to hunt ghosts but one of them is too scared to really even try and it’s hilarious–“
John took a big gulp from his glass of water before clearing his throat. “I… I suppose. Um. Once, yeah. I think,” he said and felt his face heat up. Damn it.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and glanced at John. “No. Well. Possibly?”
“What does that mean?”
"It's just what I wear."
John bit his lip, still worried. “Maybe we should book you an appointment…”
"Well, you see, John… my Greek mythology is rusty. Will have to brush up on it."
John frowned and closed the lid of his laptop, crossing his arms. “What are you on about?”
How mysterious, Sherlock thought. He quirked up an eyebrow and went back to his notes. Was there hunger in John's eyes?
caught the killer. And it’s much more interesting in here than out there.”
“She was in a hurry to leave,” John said.
John stopped in the middle of the pavement. He stared up at Sherlock, his brain reeling ever so slightly. Sherlock stared back with a placid expression, as if patiently waiting for John’s little mind to catch up.
, John thought.
Sherlock let out a grunt that made it seem as if he would have preferred the guests be wrongly convicted of murder. “Regardless,” he said, “his murderer was not a stranger to him. He saw no cause for alarm until there was a bullet in his brain.” He slid open one of Declan’s dresser drawers with a finger and started rummaging through his clothes.
John eased himself into standing, a number of his bones lodging complaints at the amount of time he spent propped up on the floor. He hobbled down the hallway, only to find Mary bursting into the flat, loads of Rosie’s things in one arm, a sleeping Rosie in her carrier in the other.
. Knew who
The ball of lead was still taking up too much space in John’s stomach for him to eat properly and Sherlock never seemed to eat, but the two ordered plates as a pretense and poked at their food. John ordered a beer, which slowly warmed next to him as his food turned cold. Sherlock sorted his food into little piles again. The whole of it was awful.
Sherlock ignored her hand so John shook it instead. “John Watson,” he said. He nodded to Sherlock. “And that one’s Sherlock.”
drugs if you want people to think you’re
“What are we doing at my flat?” you manage through your dry mouth and flopping lips.
you’re the never-fading bruise,
Sherlock blinked at their hands, still joined on the table. “That’s…kind,” he said. His lips twitched ever so slightly, as if his brain just reminded him of something unpleasant. “Irrelevant,” he said. “But kind.”
at once or one by one,
“What?” John said. The two were enjoying a late weekend breakfast at their kitchen table, and the topic seemed hardly relevant to morning talk. A piece of toast still rested in John’s hand, paused midway to his mouth.
” Mrs. Hudson snapped. “You’ve made that perfectly clear.”
However, saying no, John knew, was never an option.
Sherlock emitted a low chuckle, shaking his head slightly as if the extent to which John didn’t understand was laughable. “It ought to be impossible,” he said. “By all accounts, it
“If we hadn’t been interrupted last night,” John asked, “would you have kissed me?”
John swallowed.
These roles you assign me,
“Uh,” John said, grabbing onto his seat as the boat lurched into motion. “Yeah. You could say that.”
“It would have broken me,” Sherlock said. “Losing you. It would have taken me to pieces.” He tipped his head forward, pressing his forehead to John’s, “I would have been eviscerated.”
*           *           *
You kiss him again and roll him over. He allows the movement, his back landing flat against the mattress. You lift yourself off him, propping yourself up on an elbow as you stare down at him, scrutinizing. He grins at you, a little thing, and there is a hint of a challenge in the way he lifts his eyebrows.
Sherlock nodded. He glanced back at Gilly’s body, still limp on the bed. “Are you ready to talk to Scotland Yard about your serial killer girlfriend?”
But Sherlock was on him, grasping John’s face in his hands and bringing their mouths together with such force that John nearly cried out. He kissed John madly, hot and wet and urgent, and John felt swept away by the whole of it. He grasped at Sherlock’s arms, feeling the need to hold onto something sturdy, lest he be blown into the water, carried away by the tide.
Rosie quieted down a bit, forsaking the brain-rattling screams for needy whimpers. He walked with her into the kitchen to warm up her bottle, wishing he had enough forethought to bring his mobile with him. He had an urge to text Sherlock that seemed impossible to tamp down at the moment. Sherlock kept hours that were surprisingly similar to Rosie’s since he returned from his four minutes of exile, complete with countless naps, time spent horizontal and staring at the ceiling, and bouts of confusing fussiness.
John shrugged. “It’s warm,” he said.
“I could try again tonight,” Sherlock said. “I’ve given it some thought and I believe I can accomplish the feat.” He pressed himself closer, and John could feel Sherlock’s cock rapidly hardening against the small of his back. John could barely believe how quickly the sensation turned him on. He was nearly fully erect at this point, his cock pushing against the fabric of his pyjamas.
Sherlock motioned to him. “I think I hear something.”
“Holiday rental homes.”
“Sherlock,” John whined, wriggling against Sherlock’s grasp. Sherlock held him tight.
“Is that true?” Conor asked.
John pulled Sherlock’s mouth back onto his. The rain started in earnest, hissing down over the island with a vengeance. The two of them were soaked and covered in sand, the churning foam of the waves reaching whatever parts of their bodies the rain missed as the seals emptied themselves from the water, flopping along the shore and filling the beach with their pudgy bodies. An unforgiving wind whipped across the beach and the chill deepened, intent to sink into skin. It was the furthest thing from a shield John had experienced and he wanted nothing less in the moment.
John released Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock’s lips landed on John’s cheek in another not-quite kiss. “Don’t worry,” Sherlock said. “I won’t do anything indecent. We just need to look properly distracted. Allow the killer to think he has the element of surprise.”
Sherlock ran a thumb over John’s knuckles, feeling the edges of the ragged skin against his finger. John winced.
“Fortunately,” Sherlock said, tapping off a final message on his mobile and pocketing the device, “Lestrade explained to them that it is best to simply listen to me.”
John felt Sherlock’s absence like bits of his skin being lifted off. “No,” he said, although it
John hummed. “I’m afraid the Taibhses will have to get used to disappointment from you.” He gestured again at Will’s pocket. “Your gun, please.”
“No,” Mary said. “You were about to. You were partway through a little speech you hadn’t practiced when the man of the hour showed up. You never quite got to the proposal bit after all that.”
Gooseflesh was starting to rise on John’s skin. His cock gave a twitch despite himself. “These walls are paper thin,” he said.
Thank you all so much for reading! This was a fun fic to write, and I hope you all enjoy reading it! Big thanks to sherlock_is_actually_a_girls_name for the prompt!
John sighed. Right. That was the end of that, then.
Sherlock started typing, paying him no heed. “
John awakened from that dream with sweat pouring down his body and Sherlock’s pillow clenched in his arms.
The way may be narrow, but if you make space,
There was a rustle of something, the soft sound of a flannel wrapped around plastic. “Move your hand,” John said.
The beach was practically empty now, although the number of little annoyed heads poking out of the water and watching the two of them increased exponentially.
“Yeah,” John said. His voice was rough. “Keep going. Pull it through. Give yourself plenty of extra.”
“You’ve been asleep for three hours, John,” Sherlock said.
Somewhere in the room, somebody rolled to the side and vomited. This might have happened just now or twenty minutes ago and Sherlock’s brain only recently registered the noise. The dull splatter of fairly-empty stomach contents against bare floor. The choked cough of an esophagus too tired to put up much of a fight. A groan. The sick smell of bile floating back towards him. The first night Sherlock came to this particular establishment—the night of John and Mary’s wedding—he had been sick too. He hadn’t used in ages, not since before he met John, and he miscalculated the depreciation of his tolerance. No matter. He gained it all back in no time, and then some. He was a quick study.
, for that matter. They manage to complete their robberies without a single scrap of eyewitness evidence. They famously robbed three petrol stations all on the same day, all in broad daylight, all without any witnesses or CCTV evidence. It was as if they were ghosts. Hence the moniker—the
“That’s social media for you,” John said. “Not sure what you were expecting.”
Sherlock smiled. “Good,” he said. “Because the owner of that dim sum place down the street has been engaged in some very questionable business dealings as of late and I’m not confident you can successfully replicate their pork dumplings.”
“Of course not,” Sherlock said. “A werewolf who carefully monitors an island for the comings and goings of the O’Sullivans would never be so careless as to make a
,” he said. “I caught the Holiday Killer, didn’t I?”
John snorted.
“I’d have killed him, you know,” John said, his eyes firm on Sherlock’s arm.
John didn’t put up a fuss about her name. He didn’t have the energy for a proper fuss. He didn’t have the energy for much of anything with Mary these days. Sleep deprivation, he reminded himself.
“What app?” John asked.
you.”
Sherlock turns the two of you down a few more streets, each shadier than the last. A few homeless people start to line the street—authentic ones, not the kind who paint up their faces in order to stalk an alleged bank robber. He slows just ahead of one particular woman who is half-slumped against a wall, absently petting a shaggy dog who wore a bandana around his neck.
“We’ve been together for eleven years,” Sherlock said. “Twenty-nine January, 2010. Eleven years.”
Don’t you
“Ah,” John said. A moment of silence fell between the two of them, seeming to scream words that John couldn’t quite hear.
It was a silent flight to Frankfurt. A flight attendant offered John a drink. It was half-seven in the morning. He accepted.
“That’s nice,” John said. “Thanks.”
He was not going to think about how his arse was gently throbbing and how he could feel the slick of the lube inside him and how he could still bloody smell Sherlock on his skin and how the whole of it was actually managing to get him a little hard again, despite everything.
, that Sherlock couldn’t have imagined but now would never forget. Sherlock made a noise that was just beyond him and wrapped his arms around John’s back, tugging him closer. John shifted his weight and slid down on top of Sherlock, slotting their legs together. Sherlock felt the press of John’s erection on his hip and ground upwards against him. He needed to hear John moan again. He needed to have John make those sounds, those sounds that were rattling through his brain, drowning out that damned song. It was all terrible and he didn’t want any of it, but Sherlock couldn’t stop.
Once or twice it’s crossed my mind.
—Pierce Ferriter's poem, Maurice O’Sullivan,
For once, Sherlock seemed unsure of what to say. He blinked, his eyes on the floor.
!” he cried, tugging John along behind him as he raced away from the red-faced man. Running was a trick. The streets spun around him and the lights were dancing, bobbing and weaving in the air as the two men careened down the pavement, not noticing the street that they crossed without looking or the two cabs that nearly hit them as they did so. Sherlock heard the blast of the horn somewhere in the distance and he looked for it in the sky and collided with John’s body, nearly sending the both of them to the ground. Running was a trick indeed, and a bit too difficult of a trick at the moment. Sherlock spied an alley to their right and pulled John into it, vaguely registering John’s little
“No,” Sherlock said, his chest nearly touching John’s as he glowered down at him, “you’re willing to leave others in the dust the moment they lose your interest. You hold allegiance to no one—not your friends, not your family, certainly not your wife. I ought to find it surprising that you even maintain a connection with
For a moment, John was reasonably certain he was about to have a stroke.
that popped his eyes open. Something about a wall seemed familiar, the way the brick pressed against his back, scratched against his jacket. There was a feeling that went along with it, something akin to heat and need. He narrowed his eyes. He went after the memory, but it was gone just as quickly as it came.
You don’t phone Harry.
Instead, he left.
“You just don’t like not knowing,” John said.
“Right,” Sherlock said. The needle holders were tightly gripped in his right hand, needle poised and ready. The forceps were in his left hand, hovering just over John’s skin. His hands had stopped shaking, but he found himself completely incapable of moving, of blinking, of doing anything except staring at the cut across John’s leg, slowly trickling blood from the very corner.
But we stand tall,
John heard Sherlock swallow. He felt Sherlock’s hand waver, still not touching.
John was currently hunched over the table in the sitting room, tapping a pen against the side of his head as if he were trying to knock information from his brain. He had been like that for the past hour and was starting to wear a divot in his hair. He lowered his pen to the notepad in front of him, hovering the tip of the pen over the paper for a moment. He wrote a single word then growled and scratched the word out with a force that likely tore the paper.
After being greeted at the front door by a reluctant Mary and a sour-faced John, Sherlock flashed a perfunctory smile at Mary as he strode into the cottage and immediately took to pacing around the perimeter of the main room, examining each crevice of the place and peering out the windows.
John’s eyes—the color of still waters—rippled, a shimmer of uncertainty. “It was nothing,” he said.
sheep.” He handed another photograph to John. “And the day after
that might stave off his oncoming orgasm, thanking all that was holy that the pregnancy made Mary sleep like the dead because it would be much harder to convince her that
“How could I not?” John asked. “It’s a mathematical certainty. You were precisely built for me to love. Or I was precisely built to love you. It’s one of the two. Or possibly both.”
“Fuck,” John breathed, “Sherlock.”
“I don’t suppose,” John gasped into Sherlock’s mouth, “you brought any lube in those Mary Poppins pockets of yours.”
John felt a heat slide down the whole of his body. His groin pulsed, nearly moaning at the revelation. “You…” he swallowed. “You touched yourself?”
“You love me,” Sherlock said. It sounded like a fact that, to Sherlock, seemed improbable but was somehow inexplicably true.
“Could be fun,” Sherlock said.
John looked at her then, allowed himself to actually see the blue of her eyes for once. She had lovely eyes, he thought. They boasted a promise of kindness, happiness.
“But he’s desperate,” Sherlock continued. “He killed Declan with an island full of witnesses. He mutilates these sheep even though he’d prefer not to. It’s difficult to kill the sheep, especially if it’s just the one person, which it clearly is. One must capture a sheep, hold it down—”
“No,” John said, “you don’t understand. I
Bed. The most likely conclusion was that he was in a bed. This led Sherlock to believe that he was not, in fact, flying, despite how much the whole of his body felt like it was.
“You’ve already broken his heart, I hope you know,” Mrs. Hudson continued, “when you got engaged to that
John was about to run after him, but Mary rushed to his side.
Still, Angelo took it upon himself to bring out Sherlock and John’s meals personally whenever they visited.
“Hardly,” Sherlock said. He motioned to the pages in John’s hand. “Keep reading.”
Mary was still eyeing John’s bloody exterior, her watchful eyes occasionally dropping to their ivory carpets. “You got a cab like that?”
You’ve got spots dancing behind your eyes and a steady stream of whimpers coming out of your mouth, pitiful little noises. Your cock slips from his mouth and he stands, towering over you. So close. He’s got his cock out of his trousers and he’s stroking himself. His eyes are on you. He raises a hand to his mouth and spits the whole of your release into his palm, brings the slimy mess down to his cock and starts wanking himself with such fervor his whole body shakes. He’s wanking himself with your come and
The old anger twitched, trying to shove aside dirt and lift itself from its shallow grave. It was far too wet for that, but it went on trying anyway. Sherlock left, the anger reminded John. Sherlock made John believe that he bore witness to his suicide, frozen on the pavement and powerless to stop him. Sherlock hadn’t trusted John with his secret, instead allowing John to mourn him with a gut-wrenching grief for two full years while Sherlock had an adventure without him.
The woman rolled up the leg of her trousers and John examined her ankle. It was a touch swollen but didn’t appear misshapen. “Did you hear a snap?” John asked. “Any numbness?” He pressed a gentle hand around her ankle.
John kissed Sherlock’s hand. “We’re not particularly good at that, are we?” he asked. “Keeping ourselves in one piece.”
“I—” John started, but every thought he had in his brain evaporated instantaneously because Sherlock’s mouth was pressed to his neck. As promised, Sherlock wasn’t kissing him, not exactly, but John could feel the softness of Sherlock’s lips against his skin and the warmth of his breath tickling his jaw and the lone thought in his head was that this was physically the closest he and Sherlock had ever been and it wasn’t exactly unpleasant. It was actually quite far from unpleasant.
“No,” John said. “Well. Yes. But not that. We’ll have to…”
The two of them moved towards the door, as slowly and silently as possible. They stood, backs pressed to the wall just past the door. Sherlock’s hand was on the doorknob.
“I know,” John said.
. The way you walked with me down two side-streets simply because I told you to. It was dangerous and ill-advised and unfamiliar and yet...there you were.”
“At ten o’clock at night?” Sherlock asked. “That seems highly unlikely.”
“Right,” John said. “Not for lack of trying, though.” He took Sherlock’s hand in his, turning it over. “Case in point,” he said, kissing at a scar that ran just below Sherlock’s thumb. “Remember this? That serial killer from Cambridge who nearly took your hand off?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you the reason why John’s terrible great-aunt has miraculously decided that she is not coming?” Mary asked.
“Indeed.”
He knocked his knee into the bedframe as he stumbled back into bed, but he didn’t care, sinking onto the mattress and pulling the blankets up to his chin. He had never been so pleased to see nothing in all of his life. Across the room, Sherlock made a little noise that might have been
Sherlock seemed giddy. “Do you know how many possibilities this eliminates, John? She has reduced our list of potential travel options by half.”
He was standing in front of Barts again, on his mobile. Sherlock was perched on the edge of the roof, telling him to stay where he was.
left. You died, Sherlock. I was meant to think you were dead, that I had watched you die. What the hell did you expect me to do? Carry on at Baker Street forever, on the off chance that ghosts exist?” This was the space where the old anger might have risen, but in its place was only a sadness so deep John thought he might drown in it. His lungs burned. “Because I would have, Sherlock. I would have stayed right there, praying for a miracle, praying for a ghost, praying for
“We almost
“Yes,” John said. “I know.”
“About that,” John said.
More barking. Louder. And the scratching at the door had intensified. Fitz would leave marks in the wood, no doubt.
Your mum, she used to tell you that she wished you’d meet a nice girl and settle down. She used to say that all the time before she died.
“Oh really?” John asked. “First I’m hearing of it.” His brain was still stumbling through this abrupt shift in the conversation, struggling with all its might to understand what the hell Sherlock was on about.
John nodded, beginning to crawl towards the door. Sherlock’s hand darted out, catching John’s wrist.
Additional images in this art can be found
It’s different with him.
She waddled over to the cot and began rearranging the stuffed animals.
“Yeah,” John said, dragging a sleeve across his face. “And now I never will.
It wasn’t the doting, overly-sweet nature that was starting to turn something in John’s mind; no, that was the bit that was the easiest to dismiss. It was so far from
and I have all the lovers I need!
to tell, John, because the person who lost that much blood couldn’t be alive anymore, and—“
“Ah,” said John. The boat tipped and his stomach lurched.
in John’s response in favor of superficial conversation. John was grateful; Sherlock would never have let that go. “Anyway. How’s the missus?”
“That makes no sense,” Sherlock said.
back in the bog, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“You did,” John sighed. “You wanted to. You were going to... When you came to the restaurant to see me, you were going to say something, weren’t you? You were going to tell me, but you saw me there with Mary and you didn’t.”
“You’re all right,” John said again, and when he inhaled once more he could feel Sherlock start to loosen a bit, his breathing start to even out. He slipped his fingers in between Sherlock’s, and Sherlock grabbed at them, squeezing at him so hard John was worried they might snap into pieces.
“Ah,” John said. “So some
business. So if you lads don’t need anything else from us…”
“Okay,” John said, although he was still very much interested in an answer to his question.
“Did they?” John asked. His tone was off again. He kept sounding angry. It must have something to do with the fact that it felt as if his stomach was a kettle boiling over, hissing and steaming.
“You’re sure you’re not hurt?” Sherlock asked. His voice was clearer now, and John could hear the concern behind his words.
“Good,” Sherlock said. He closed his eyes, starting to drift again. “And put the bedside table back.”
John as such just hours after the two met. Combining the fact that John had never once witnessed Sherlock exhibit anything close to sexual attraction for any living human with Mycroft’s little quips about Sherlock’s alleged virginity, John assumed that Sherlock was either asexual or, at the very least, considered romance and sex to be so far beneath his intellect that he wouldn’t debase himself so by giving these activities the time of day. Apparently, John was wrong. Apparently, not only was Sherlock interested and experienced in relationships, but also with sex. Specifically, sex with men.
“We’re going out for pints,” Sherlock said.
for breaking my concentration!
“He did something,” John said. “Something that made him have to disappear.”
“You could have gotten rid of that one.”
John knelt next to her. “Took a tumble?” he asked, still trying his best at an Irish accent.
“Nausea?”
“How do you feel?” Sherlock found himself asking anyway.
Sherlock’s smile flickered into something dear, something that might have been affection. He recovered. “I’ve got to go into the station,” he said. “I’ve been in communication with Lestrade, and I believe he can help sort out this Holiday Killer business.”
“You might change your mind about the touching when we’re at crime scenes,” Sherlock said. He sounded breathless, his face tipped towards the ceiling.
“It’s like something out of a tourist guide,” John said as they started their way around the little path that circled the outer perimeter of the island. “Or something on a postcard you’d send to your nan.”
John lowered the forceps to Sherlock’s skin, lifting up the very edge of his wound. He pushed the tiny needle into the skin, threading the suture through as gently as he could. Sherlock flinched, sucking in air and pressing his eyes shut.
“Despite what my brother, the entirety of Scotland Yard, and several commenters on that website of yours might think,” Sherlock said, “I do indeed possess the capacity to be
“A bad man,” he says. “Does that help?” Black Jacket seems as if he is looking to enter one of the buildings that line the street. The man picks up the pace.
It takes you a moment to spy the shape, but eventually you see it. It’s on a building in the distance—a kilometer or so away, if you had to judge. The snipers always had better eyes for that sort of thing than you did, but you learned a trick or two while you were abroad. It’s just a shadow against the night sky, and you might’ve said it was just some piece of the building, an oddly-shaped air conditioning unit or something, were it not for the little cloud of smoke billowing around it. The smoke ebbs and flows, coming and going like breathing, and it’s cigarette smoke, you can tell. Somebody about a kilometer away is on the roof of their building, smoking a cigarette and staring out at the robotic city just like you.
The two of them had made it up exactly four out of the seventeen steps that stood between the door to 221B and their flat above, and John’s ability to continue up the remaining thirteen steps seemed dubious. Sherlock felt as though he was supporting nearly the entirety of John’s body weight, his arm wrapped around John’s back and John’s arm flung over his shoulders, fingers clenched so tight that he was sure to leave dimples in Sherlock’s coat. John happened to be covered in more than a little sludge from London’s finest skips, which had already rubbed onto Sherlock’s trousers. Sherlock decided it was best not to mention the abuse perpetrated on his wardrobe at the moment.
John kept a firm grip on Mary’s hand, pulling her back. He rather wished she wouldn’t touch the stone.
(a statement quite correctible)
“Oh?” John asked.
he thought.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, and John wasn’t sure if he was talking about the cobwebs or the compliment.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He waved a hand in the air. “A good one, please.”
The sun set slowly around them, slipping into twilight by degrees. It happened so slowly that John barely noticed the dim light setting in until he realized he couldn’t see a thing in front of him anymore. Claire was right about the importance of getting chores done before the sun set—as soon as the sun dipped below the horizon, the island seemed primed to sink into a darkness that was more absolute than any John had encountered before. He never realized how commonplace he found streetlights until there were none.
“And they certainly don’t care about the sheep,” Claire said. “I know they’re just sheep but…” she shrugged, “it’s the principle of the thing, isn’t it?”
I never planned for you
Sherlock shook his head. “I suppose it doesn’t matter,” he said.
John looked around at the nothing that surrounded them. “Good place to go for seclusion,” he said. “Excluding the sheep, of course.”
Sherlock tugged John away from the doorway. He needed John away from the stairs, away from the door, away from any route he could possibly take to leave the flat, leave Baker Street, leave Sherlock. Sherlock swung the both of them around and shoved John into the kitchen. John’s arse bumped against the kitchen table and several beakers toppled to the ground, shattering into shards.
” He swallowed, the photographs stilling in his hands. He glanced at John with an almost regretful expression before averting his gaze back to the photograph in his hands, pretending to scrutinize it in great detail.
“Okay,” Sherlock said.
No, I am not this skin I’m in,
John turned his head back towards Sherlock, brows pinched. “What?”
Sherlock turned. He took a step towards John, slow but purposeful. Stalking.
“Come off it,” Sherlock said, straightening. “You can finish later.”
John stayed standing where he was for just a minute, stiff as a board and vibrating at the edges. Then he sunk into one of the kitchen chairs, all his energy focused on calming his breathing. The whole of his body was hot and shaking, and he felt the sick, angry tears needling away at his eyes. He had absolutely no idea how the two of them had gotten there, how waking up in each other’s arms transformed into the two of them shouting at each other in a matter of minutes. And about what? About John not being a convincing enough fake boyfriend? A convincing enough boyfriend in general?
“Used the fireplace yet?” Hugh asked. He winked.
and thinking you were never
“It really,
“And you’ll clean out the fridge.”
Angelo smiled and walked away and John allowed himself the lie, the little moment of pretending as if he lived in this version of reality, a version where he and Sherlock might’ve been something more to each other, something more than just flatmates, something more like honesty. John swallowed down half his wine and wished that little moments could last longer.
made John happy, happier than he had been in the whole of his life. John didn’t feel like he could say any of that out loud, and his mind suggested a compromise of lifting himself off the bed, walking over to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him, and never letting go.
dying, John?” His piercing eyes met John’s once more, as if he expected John to have an answer. It felt as if their faces were millimeters apart. “Why is someone killing the
“God,” John panted as they separated. He was gasping for air but he only had a moment before Sherlock was on him again, their mouths so wide it was as if they were attempting to devour the other in a single swallow and might actually succeed. The whole of London dropped away around them, the alleyway and the honking street and the kaleidoscope of lights and the red-faced man vanishing into nothingness as they writhed against each other, mouths moving as if one could make up for lost time by enthusiasm alone.
The man’s eyes are still on you. “You noticed me again,” he says.
John had not meant to actually go inside Angelo’s. He didn’t feel like eating, didn’t feel like seeing the inside of a restaurant that reminded him exclusively of Sherlock, and certainly didn’t feel like managing Angelo in all his well-intentioned exuberance. He hadn’t been back to the place since Sherlock’s death and fully intended to keep it that way. However, as Angelo practically pushed John into the table by the window, John realized that he seemed to have very little say in the matter.
“Hugh?” John asked. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“Hanging in there?” the skipper called over his shoulder at John as the boat performed an apparent freefall off the crest of a wave and slammed onto the sheet of water below.
“I’m nothing if not reliable,” John said. He rubbed at Sherlock’s forearm. “Now that we’ve got that settled, will you let me go back to sleep?”
Sherlock nodded, his eyes falling partway closed. He shifted against John’s finger and John started moving, a gentle in-and-out. Sherlock took John’s cock in his hands, giving it a slow rub. John’s body throbbed beneath him. John pressed forward inside him, finding just the spot. He smiled as Sherlock let out a long moan. He added another finger.
John sighed and rolled onto his back, the full weight of everything he felt sinking onto his chest. He could hear Sherlock’s quiet footsteps jog down the stairs and out the door, and he loved that he knew what Sherlock sounded like. He loved that he knew how Sherlock walked, how his coat fluttered when he spun around, how his eyes glistened as he took in new information at near light-speed. He loved that he now knew what Sherlock’s skin felt like, how Sherlock moved in his arms, what Sherlock sounded like when he came. He loved that he knew how Sherlock’s breathing changed when he slept, how his face went slack and his eyelashes fluttered, how his arms fit around John just so, keeping him close as if keen to never let him go.
“Don’t judge me,” he said to Fitz again.
that I no longer give!
“Not me,” Sherlock said, his face growing serious. “Others.”
John tore at the toilet roll. “What?”
“It’s also been a while,” John said. “Not since uni, really. A bit after. But. Yeah.” Definitely red. John’s face was definitely red now.
“I told you to run,” he whispered. “Why do you never run?”
And then he was the one who left.
John cast another puzzled glance at Sherlock before following Claire down the hill. A stone foundation sat on a brief bit of flat land. Stones of all shapes and sizes had been cobbled together to form a domed building, its curved top a contrast to the rectangular ruins all around it. The structure stood about four meters tall and decently wide around, although not large enough to properly live inside by far.
making a pass at you.”
John stopped breathing all over again. He stared at the note, unblinking. The letters blurred together. They lost meaning, but he didn’t need to be able to read to begin to understand what they meant.
Words, whole paragraphs leapt to Sherlock’s mind, things he could say to John, very precise language he could use to explain to John just what Sherlock felt for him, exactly what that night had meant, how every moment since had been some strange sort of hell, save for the moments where John was there, smiling at him. The words stopped just at his lips.
But then John whispered
A memory drifted back—John underneath him, legs wrapped around Sherlock’s midsection, pulling him closer, sinking his teeth into Sherlock’s neck to keep himself from screaming—and Sherlock’s temporary coma made a bit more sense. The blanket hugged the curve of John’s arse, dipping into the space between his spread legs, and Sherlock was reminded that John was naked underneath the blankets. Sherlock was as well—their respective comas set in far too quickly to clean off or retrieve any sort of clothing. When John awoke, he would insist that they change the sheets. Sherlock would fight him on it. John would laugh and call him
It wasn’t enough. Dear Christ, it wasn’t enough. John could remember the feel of Sherlock’s erection pressing against his arse in his dream and felt something ache in the very core of himself. God, he wanted Sherlock inside him so badly. He needed the feel of Sherlock filling him up, slamming into him with all he had, fucking him so hard his world faded into white noise. John could barely breathe from the weight of it. He tapped out another text to Sherlock—
John laughed. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, running his hands over the slick of his back, rapidly growing cool in the chill of the room. Sherlock shifted onto John, resting his head on John’s chest and grinning up at him.
“The north side,” John said. “Just past the bit with the field. As the island starts sloping to the west.” He curved a hand in the air, trying to mime how the island bent a bit, a crooked dash in the sea.
“Now you taste like me,” John said.
Sherlock still stood over him, a tower of silent anger. He seemed unsure of what to do next, but he looked prepared for anything, the whole of his body taut, ready to spring.
“Of course,” said John. Sherlock had also managed to locate Maggie and Lucy’s address online while the police were getting their statements. Sherlock, it seemed, had quite the productive morning despite the heavy police presence. The two of them had strategically omitted that the bloodstained duffel propped underneath Will’s body didn’t contain the whole of the stolen money in either of the statements that they gave the police. After all, Declan had nicked the money with a specific purpose in mind, and it seemed unlikely that the police would be willing to carry out Declan’s dying wishes for the lot of it.
“So long as you are aware,” Sherlock said, “that our family is now two-thirds in agreement that the goat is a more valuable prize than the car.”
“Pity,” Sherlock said, for a moment looking genuinely disappointed that he was not to climb around cliff-faces in the dark. He recovered quickly. “Well. There are other ways we can be useful.” With that, he turned and headed for the café, leaving John to guess what his next step might be.
John reminded himself.
Sherlock exited the car and approached John and Hugh, his face carefully devoid of anything unpleasant.
(The world can wait, I have you here)
“Doesn’t know what to do without me.” John grinned at Sherlock, who seemed to be fidgeting a bit on the table.
John tugged at Sherlock’s hair. He lifted Sherlock’s face into his hands, shifting him up his body until the two were eye-to-eye. John’s face was open, loving.
“We don’t need to discuss it,” Sherlock said.
Note: there are 3 entries I--thus far--haven't written poems for:
“Oh,” Gilly said, “that’s what got my wheels turning, I suppose. And dismantling the brakes in his car really did feel wonderful. You know, he went through the windshield when he hit that truck. So lovely. The only thing that would have made me happier than reading about his death in the papers the next day, I realized, would have been being there to see it happen.” She tapped her knife against her chin, looking pensive. “If I have one regret in this life, I’d say it’s that. It would have been so wonderful to have murdered him with my bare hands.” She shrugged. “Live and learn.”
“The effects of Rohypnol wear off after a few hours,” Sherlock said. “I’ve been physically safe for some time.”
“Exactly,” Sherlock said.
If you’re dealing against me,
Lucy bleated. She snuffed at John’s face and then glanced down the path, towards the field where her family was grazing peacefully in the sun.
Sherlock’s fingers traced along John’s face. His eyes scanned him, brow furrowed. “Your speech doesn’t appear slurred,” he said. “How is your memory? Can you remember all the events leading up to the injury? Repeat the days of the week backwards, starting at—”
He could feel John looking down at him. Even with his eyes closed, he could sense John’s smug grin. “So you
“To hell with the tour,” John said, aching for Sherlock in a way he barely understood. “The tour can sod off. We can be part of the tour. We’ll give them their money’s worth.”
Sherlock’s eyes seemed to twinkle. “Maybe I am,” he said. It was the worst sort of thing to say, and John hated that it came from his own head.
Sherlock peeked out at him from underneath the towel. “Is this going to be a distraction?” he asked.
“I found something,” Sherlock said. His lips were against John’s cheek.
“Perfectly fine,” Sherlock said. The slide of John’s fingers felt nice. It reminded him that he had a head.
Mary surveyed the wreckage of her former house. “You’re telling
Claire and Conor stopped at a cliff, waiting for the two of them. Fitz was off in a field, chasing a rabbit. As John approached the cliff, he saw that the terrain overlooked a moon-shaped curve of a beach, a strip of white sands broken apart by dark rocks that lumped along the shoreline. As far as John could tell, it was the only bit of beach on the whole of the island.
You kiss him and he wraps his arms around you, pulls you in. You lay flush against him and it feels as though he can’t get enough of you either. The both of you still have your trousers on and that is far too much that is separating you. You can feel his erection trapped in the fabric of his fancy trousers. You move your hips against him just to hear his breath hitch.
realized this until this very second. The thought was painful, much more painful than he’d like to admit.
Darren arrived at the island early in the morning, hoisting Lucy into his arms and carrying her down to the harbor. Lucy was a bit loud and cranky—bleating irritably the whole way, likely because she had been cooped up inside the cottage and prevented from eating since the day before. Preparation for the surgery, John knew, but it still tore at something in his chest.
Crete wasn’t serious—
, you think.
“I’m all right,” John said. He ran his thumb over Sherlock’s cheekbone, catching a cowardly tear with the pad of his finger. “He didn’t get my femoral artery. Was nowhere near it, in fact.”
John traced his fingers along Sherlock’s neck, into his hair. “I know,” he said, understanding. “I know.”
“No,” John said, eyes darting from Mrs. Hudson to Sherlock, not sure to whom he most felt he needed to defend his relationship. “No. It’s just...not in the mood.” He smiled, in partial disbelief that he was explaining the rationale for a lack of shagging to his elderly landlady.
John sighed, shaking himself back into reality. Right. Tea. And he was in dire need of a wash-up. He poured himself a cuppa and told his already-plumping cock to quiet down. As he was waiting for his tea to steep, Fitz darted back into the room, looking quite proud of himself. He held a ruffled bit of something in his teeth.
“That they were,” Darren said. “Tip to tail.”
“I make my living by being a doctor.”
“I want to see you,” Sherlock whispered. “Please, John—can I see you?”
“Um.” John no longer felt like he could handle the whole of this. “What?”
The man dropped his arms to his side and started charging towards them. His face was very red indeed, and his hands were fists.
“Best not to discuss it,” Sherlock said, his words a bit more forceful. His head tilted towards John, and John could see his eyes glitter in the dim light. “It wasn’t pleasant, John.”
“Don’t you see, Holmes?” John said, his face breaking, needing. “This isn’t something you can run from—not through the drugs, not through the cases, not even through disappearing into the back corners of your bloody Mind Palace. This isn’t trivia, Holmes.” He placed a hand against Sherlock’s chest, his palm warm against the sopping fabric of his suit. “This is your heart.” He grasped the clammy fabric in his fist, tugging Sherlock closer. “I’m in your heart,” he said. “I always have been.”
“That first night, when I…” Sherlock’s fingers traced faster around the rim of his teacup. They had nearly made their tenth lap by now. “You seemed...peaceful. I thought maybe it could…” Fifteen laps now. “Help.”
John wriggled underneath Sherlock’s hands and the bed let out a groan. Sherlock pressed his hand against John’s stomach, stilling him.
“Okay.” Sherlock leaned forward, crouching over John’s leg. He caught the interior edge of John’s wound, a bit of skin just at the left of the cut, and held it tight with the forceps. John sucked in air above him, his body going rigid.
John whispered.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said. He released John’s hand and began to poke at the remnants of his meal with a fork.
“Right,” John said, a bit defensive at Sherlock’s sudden attack, “because I’m only meant to give
“Any help you’re willing to offer…” John said through gritted teeth. He could hear some pages about to tear, which likely wasn’t preferred.
impossible. And yet.” He shook his head again, then lifted his bag from the ground, following Claire along the hill.
The man’s eyes dart down to the coins in your palm, then back up at you, the little flicker of amusement back. He doesn’t move, but the corner of his lips twitch. “I’m
,” Sherlock called after him, already out the door.
at each other. What exactly—”
Lestrade scrutinized Gilly’s injuries before they loaded her into the ambulance. “What exactly did you hit her with, Mrs. Hudson?” he asked.
“It’s still a one-out-of-three choice,” John said. “The host just eliminated one of the choices for you.”
“Sherlock,” he breathed. He blinked and his eyes were glistening.
“Right.”
“Ah,” Claire said, casting a sympathetic smile towards John. “No worries. Happens to the best of us.”
“I knew it would be difficult,” Sherlock continued. “The time away. I knew it would be lengthy. I knew there would be a high risk of serious bodily harm. But I didn’t know...” Sherlock swallowed, his eyes still on his plate. He shuffled his food around, apparently giving up the pretense of eating. “I didn’t know it would be lonely.”
John’s mouth went dry. “Sherlock…” he started.
“Worse than he is,” John laughed, managing to fight against Mrs. Hudson’s grip just long enough to pull his mobile from the pocket of his jacket, hanging by the doorway. “I’ve decided that you’re worse than he is.”
John didn’t ask what the good part was. He scrolled further down on his screen. “
Sherlock had positioned himself midway up the little hill that sloped into the back of the field, his feet pointed in the direction of the quiet ocean, perching above the slumbering sheep as if keeping watch. When John came closer, he noticed that Sherlock had laid back in the field, his face towards the heavens. Sherlock turned his head as John approached, blinking at the glow from the head-lamp.
To call the little piece of rock designated as a place for boats to land on the Great Blasket Island a
“So elaborate nicely,” Sherlock said.
“John,’ Sherlock whispered, “look at me.” John made a small noise and Sherlock thrust upwards with more fervor. “Look at me, John.”
He looks at you as if you just asked the most idiotic question in the world. “Of course,” he says, gesturing to the various spots on the floor where your clothing fell. “I’d quite wondered why you weren’t already dressed.
the organs? Can you even sell intestines on the black market?”
“Right,” John said. “Married to his work. Sentiment is a chemical defect. All that.” How could he forget? Sherlock had made his lack of interest in romantic relationships—and romantic relationships with John in particular—abundantly clear the first day they met. He had certainly seen to it that John possessed no confusion on the topic. Message received.
love knows no number, knows no bounds
They weren’t all
I beg of you to to recognize
And my skills, of course, impeccable!
John thought,
“And I know I was a bit of a mess when I first heard about this little case with you and Sherlock,” she continued. “Playing boyfriends and all that. I was just so worried about losing you. But I’ve nothing to worry about with Sherlock, right?”
“I want
“Hmmm,” Sherlock murmured, running his fingers along the sides of the journal. “Now
“You’ll get it wrong,” Sherlock said, but the blackness took him before John could respond.
has to look at you, goddamnit, when you notice him standing by the doors as the compartment rocks around him, leaning against a pole without holding on with the confidence of a man who believes himself impervious to being shaken.
“Maybe the case with the missing skin?” John suggested. That one had a body that seemed as if it had been turned inside-out. It was the oddest thing—John hadn’t been able to make heads or tails of it. Sherlock, of course, solved it in an afternoon.
John sighed. He clicked through the posts. “What about the one with all the gingers?”
“Not like that,” you say, feeling your cheeks start to go a bit warm. “Not
It may have been the exhaustion, but John felt as if everything in him ached. “And what’ll I do then?” he asked. “Without him?”
“You said we should do public displays, right?” John asked. “Do things that couples do out where the killer could see? Make it obvious we’re together?”
“So why are you investigating me?” you ask. “Am I some sort of puzzle to be solved?”
and study every night.
talk?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said.
“You’ve heard of the St. Clair Bank Robber?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock was
Love me like a bravery,
The bloody song was still playing when John made it back to the street (
John smiled at the mad string of texts. He couldn’t help himself. It ached, that smile. It felt as if it ripped something out of him. He didn’t reply, although Sherlock barely gave him any time to.
Sherlock’s gaze dropped back to the table. Having already neatly sorted his food, he began the task of re-arranging the piles, shuffling them from one side of the plate to another. His jaw went stiff. “Meeting somebody I am interested in,” he said, “and having that individual be interested in me in return are, as it turns out, two separate matters.”
Sherlock turned to liquid after, his hand dropping from his spent cock, his fingers loosening their grip on John’s hair. His head flopped forward and his body tipped after but John wrapped his arms tight around Sherlock’s chest, holding him in place. Low noises dropped from Sherlock’s slack mouth, whines and gasps and non-words. John’s name. His head tipped back again, slumping backwards over John’s shoulder.
“That doesn’t quite seem to be your
“Try,” Sherlock said. “It’s distracting.”
The Philippines smothered me ,
They moved slowly through Market Square, walking through shops they already entered two days ago and gazing in storefronts without actually seeing anything. They didn’t have much to say to each other. The silence was painful, and John was aware of every last second of it.
“So tell me, Holmes,” John said, gripping at Sherlock’s arms. “When we shagged, is that when this idea was allegedly planted, like some sort of virus in your brain? Or did we shag because you’ve always known? Did we shag because you’ve wanted everything from me since the moment you saw me and were finally tired of pretending you didn’t? Did we shag because you’ve loved me for ages and needed desperately to show me in a way I understood?”
“Not a thing,” John said, which was the truth, apparently.
He didn’t understand why he needed so badly to find out.
“Will.” John looked up at Sherlock. “The skipper?”
and people claimed there was no space
Tonight, however, you mostly think about the homeless man. He is a new addition to your morning walk from the Tube stop to the surgery. You notice him like you notice when the paint is fresh on the graffiti. Nobody else seems to notice him; the crumpled little cup out in front of him is always empty. He’s tucked into a shoddy blanket, wrapping the thing around his body and over his head. He keeps his face pointed towards the ground, but you’ve caught a glimpse and know that he’s got a birth defect—a cleft palate that makes his lip appear all twisted. He doesn’t have a sign or a sob story or a gimmick, just the cup. He doesn’t even wave it at passers-by, just sets it in front of him and stares at the pavement. You figure that being stepped over like a piece of rubbish day in and day out has worn him down. You understand the feeling.
been good. It was terrible and painful and completely out of line and just the thought of it, just a flicker of the memory of Sherlock on his knees in front of him, was making John hard again.
John might’ve gone inside Barts. On the auspices of paying Molly a visit or saying hello to Mike, he could have managed to find his way into the lab, that dim, cluttered room where he first saw the face of the man who managed to change the whole of his life in a single day. Still, he wasn’t sure what he would have done once he was actually inside, and the thought of standing in the middle of the lab at Barts, staring at a space that Sherlock would never occupy again, seemed heartbreaking. Hell, sitting outside on this bench was heartbreaking enough.
“I won’t even care if I go to jail,” John said. “It’ll be worth it. To beat his little rat brain in with a hammer for ever introducing you to this bloody problem in the first place.”
Lucy said nothing.
“It’s alright,” Sherlock said again, his words immediately undermined by a wince as John pressed a clean bandage to the wound, patting it flush against his skin and securing the sides with tape.
You realize you’re still biting your arm and you let yourself go. There’s an angry ring of teeth marks on your forearm. You look like you’ve been attacked. Evidence of foul play. You turn yourself, your back collapsing against the wall. Your cock is still hanging out. You can’t work your arms. You’re breathing so hard your throat is raw. He’s panting too, wiping himself off with a handkerchief he produced from god-knows-where. He wraps a hand behind you, swiping the handkerchief along your arse. Cleaning you. You make a noise you can’t comprehend. He tugs your trousers up and his parted lips are fashioned in a smile and his eyes are the color of beaches at nighttime, the dark lure of the gentle water that you always wanted to wade into, even if it meant you’d never return.
He tugged Sherlock up his chest, pressing their lips together. Sherlock couldn’t taste an ounce of regret on John’s tongue.
(See the end of the chapter for
, John!” Sherlock was nearly at the top of the hill and was showing no intentions of slowing down to wait for him.
Sherlock had said). The look of panic in Mary’s eyes when Sherlock told her she ought to take a pregnancy test (
Then Sherlock had kissed him, and John forgot what the remainder of his argument ought to be.
Sherlock looked at him expectantly.
,” John said. “That’s the show with Monty Hall?”
Which, of course, was unfortunate, because John needed to forget. He shouldn’t even have known in the first place. He wasn’t meant to know—it wasn’t right. Mary was at home waiting for him and he wasn’t meant to love anyone like this except her. However, at the moment, all he could think about was Sherlock and the way those beautiful eyes were making him want to cry.
Sherlock ought to have known that there was something wrong the moment he and John stepped into the warehouse.
John took a step forward on legs that were moments away from failing him. His mouth had fallen open. He wasn’t breathing again. There was a chance his heart had stopped, but he couldn’t be arsed to check on it. He opened his mouth, shut it again. He couldn’t speak.
Just in the center of the floor, there was a blobby stain—brown and soaked into the wooden floor—denoting where Declan fell after he was shot.
“That was tremendously stupid,” she said. Her eyes scanned his body. “You’re alright?”
I wouldn’t be the person you’d have to try to remember to call while you were off on some adventure. I wouldn’t be the person sitting at home, wondering if you’d died or just forgotten about me. I could be the person who knew you were living the life you actually wanted to live, and you could be the person actually living it.”
“Right,” John said. He glanced down at himself, scrutinizing the mess of his arms. “Yeah. Right. You’re probably right.” He didn’t move.
John had moved back towards the sofa, exercising his abilities as a bipedal animal. He stood in front of Sherlock, positioning himself between the coffee table and Sherlock’s potentially nonexistent body, hands on his hips.
“Look at you,” John breathed, adding a second finger.
John. Shortly after Sherlock’s brief exile, back when he still thought he could take cases, he and John had been out at some murder or another and John was crouched over, examining the body, and it was all Sherlock could do not to push John over and rut against him until John came screaming Sherlock’s name. Sherlock was fully erect in his trousers and couldn’t remember the term
Sherlock shrugged. “I expect it’ll take you at least an afternoon to move your things into my bedroom. You don’t have
John was exhausted, Sherlock could tell. Sherlock would have been exhausted too, if he didn’t happen to be frozen at the moment. John stripped down and fell into his bed seconds after the two arrived at the hotel, too tired to feel uncomfortable about changing in front of Sherlock, as he had been for the duration of the trip. John was currently sprawled on his back, one arm resting on his stomach and the other flung to the side, making the gentle snores of a deep sleep. Sometime earlier in the night, John had pushed the blankets half-off of his body. He wore a plain vest to sleep, old and threadbare, and Sherlock had to work very hard to not stare at the indentation of John’s chest through the worn material. The shirt slid up underneath John’s hand, revealing a small patch of smooth skin. The very tip of John’s pants were visible just above the blankets. Sherlock was not going to think about the various parts of John’s body over which he once ran his tongue.
“How very flexible of you, John,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock nodded.
“Bathrooms are just out the back door,” Claire said. “Toilet. Shower. No hot water though. Best to get used to cold showers.”
“Perhaps Mycroft can be convinced to arrange a knighthood for you,” Sherlock snapped.
The sun had nearly set at this point, and the light was dim. The clouds had rolled in, covering the sky in an ominous gray. The wind picked up, rushing over the both of their bodies. John saw Sherlock shiver.
Watson?”
You unwrap one of his legs from around your waist and haul it over your shoulder. You push inside and you aren’t sure which one of you moans louder. He bears down and takes you deeper and he’s slick and molten and so goddamn
“What brought you to my little restaurant today?” Angelo asked. “We must find a way to have it happen more often.”
Mary turned from the cot, leaning her back against the wooden rails as she looked at John. “We aren’t going to be able to do this,” she said, “if you keep being so angry with me.”
Sherlock paused. Exhaled. He could feel his hands wanting to start shaking again, and he couldn’t have that. “That is one hundred and eighty seconds,” he said. “One hundred and eighty seconds and you wouldn’t be here. Do you understand?”
Sherlock lowered himself over John, planting his hands on either side of him. John grabbed blindly at Sherlock, catching the nape of his neck with an unsteady hand and dragging Sherlock’s mouth down onto his. It was barely a kiss anymore, wet and sloppy and full of teeth on lips, tongues tangling in air. Soon John was barely able to do even that, and his head dropped backwards, exposing the slick column of his neck. Sherlock set his mouth to John and he tasted like salt and life. He could feel the vibrations against his lips as John moaned and cursed and cried out, pumping his hips into Sherlock faster, harder.
“She’s good,” John repeated. “She’s tired, of course. Lack of sleep and all.”
Sherlock.
It’ll only take one, the thing you’ve got planned.
Oh, what have you done to me, my dear?
“Yes you do,” John said. He opened an eye, studying Sherlock. “You’re not the only one who can notice a pattern, Sherlock.”
Sherlock didn’t yet have use of his voice or his words or the English language, but he had use of his arms and he wrapped them around John, pulling him in, keeping him close.
my undivided attention, is that right? You’re the only thing I’m meant to pay attention to?”
“I might’ve done the same,” John said. He walked on in silence, Sherlock not really walking alongside him, considering him gently out of the corner of his eye. John didn’t have a particular destination in mind—he simply let his legs carry him. The streets of London, seedy though they were in spots, were comfortable, familiar. They were as much a home to him as any, and certainly felt more like a home than his current flat, small and dark and depressing and inexcusably Sherlock-less. John figured he might as well walk as long as he could stand it. It seemed right, given the day.
“It’s…” Sherlock looked as if John having feelings was driving him mad. “It’s the bloody dolphin.”
Sherlock grabbed at Mrs. Hudson’s shoulders, swinging her around. “Well
It was like dipping into darkness, falling deep into a swirling emptiness, twisting about in nothing. The world was black and pulsing and hot and spinning and Sherlock seemed to have lost proprioception again, lost his limbs, lost his full sense of self in this space. He was vaguely aware that he was moving, that the limbs he wasn’t sure he had anymore were flailing, thrashing. He could feel a burn in his chest and a rattle in his throat and had a feeling that he was making noise, a lot of noise. His brain was nothing, not even porridge, and he was floating in the emptiness except it wasn’t empty and he wasn’t alone this time. John was there, his hands on him, inside him, coaxing him along, breathing sweet sounds into his mouth, loving him, loving him, loving him.
Mary slipped out the window with barely a sound. She was fully dressed, heavy winter coat on, trainers on her feet. Ready to run. She bent to pick up her duffel.
“That is a viable workaround if we know the camera won’t capture a direct shot of our faces,” Sherlock said. “Unfortunately, with the two cameras in the sitting room, there is no way to hide from the video feed. If we organize a strategic kiss in that room, our options for faking are limited.”
Sherlock’s face faded into focus, his eyes full of worry, his mouth moving.
“Any…” John paused. He looked around. “Um.”
Sherlock smiled. John could feel Sherlock’s lips move against his forehead. “It appears I do,” he said.
He spied Sherlock looking at him out of the corner of his eye. He caught Sherlock’s gaze, noticing that, in his absorption with the seals, his mouth had fallen open. Sherlock had a look to him, like he was regarding something of great interest—as if on this island filled with ruins and mutilated sheep and thousands of bloody seals and a yet-to-be-solved murder, John was somehow the most fascinating thing. John’s eyes darted away from Sherlock. He felt a bit foolish.
“So,” John said. “We are out here, on a deserted island, possibly waiting to be killed with a bunch of sheep?”
“Yeah?” John’s grin was spread across the whole of his face. “I’m not the one getting us kicked out of client’s flats, passing out on the floor.”
Sherlock stared at the fresh puddle on the floor with confusion. “Yes,” he said. “I see that.” He stepped over the puddle and sat himself on the rim of the tub, his face full of excitement. “I’ve worked out a new theory about the Holiday Killer’s methods,” he said. “I have reason to believe that he not only attended to the movements of the couples while they were away from the house but also used that time to prepare the house itself in some manner.”
John and Mary had nodded. Keeping emotions out of it had constituted the majority of their marriage at this point.
Sherlock tightened his grip on John, stopping his movements. “Don’t,” he said.
looking for. I know what sort of business you get into on evenings like these, when you feel miserable and empty and alone. The sort of business that can take place in an empty stall in the loo, quiet and efficient, just dirty enough to do the trick but not good enough to be memorable.”
“I don’t think you’ve got much of a choice, Sherlock,” John said, his thumbs running over Sherlock’s cheekbones. “Besides,” the side of his mouth twitched in a smile, “I have a feeling you’ll survive the fall.” He pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. His breath was warm amidst the frigid spray. “It’ll just hurt like hell,” he said.
Sherlock still hadn’t returned by the evening, and by then whatever was left of John’s sour mood had eased into a gentle worry.
“You…” John’s brain struggled to make sense of it all. “You were there, then? At the cottage. Last night. You were going to kill us?”
The man was hidden almost completely behind Sherlock, using his body as a shield. John was a good shot, but he wasn’t
might be another. From what he remembered of it, knocking the place to the ground might actually be the best course of action for the city. He scrawled out a signature on the petition anyway and handed the clipboard back to the woman. “You know there was a dead body found there, right?” he asked. “Three years ago?”
John walked to the door of the café, opening it slowly.
“Right,” John said. “Well.” He turned back towards Mary. He let out a breath. “I guess it’s good we get to do this in person, then.”
“Alright,” John said. “I could certainly use a bit of cheering up at the moment.”
“In my defense,” Sherlock said. “It wasn’t raining when I left.”
“They know it’s here,” Will said. His voice was shaking now, teeth nearly chattering in his skull. “I tried to keep it from them, but they know now. If I can’t get it to them, they’ll come for it.”
“I remember,” John said. He glanced at Sherlock. “Are you coming to this one too?” So far, Sherlock had been present for the vast majority of his and Mary’s wedding planning tasks. He was there when they picked out the venue, when they sampled caterers, when they chose the cardstock for the invitations, for Christ sake. Mary even said that he stopped by her dress fitting unannounced.
John asked Mary later). Catching Sherlock’s gaze during his speech and seeing something that John didn’t fully understand, feeling something that he understood even less (
“I miss Old Delhi,” Sherlock said, finishing off the last of John’s pasta.
“Philistines,” Sherlock said. He closed out of the browser and snapped the lid to John’s laptop shut with a swift hand.
“Well,” Sherlock said. “Don’t get used to it.”
John could feel a stinging in his eyes, the angry tears of pain and rage. He nodded.
The man stepped slightly to the side, gesturing towards John with a hand. “You can see him just fine,” he said.
“Another case?” John asked. “From the blog?”
“John…” Sherlock started, although he didn’t have the rest of his sentence quite worked out yet.
Then the explosion came and everything went black.
He shrugs. He takes another fake-sip of his pint.
“No you aren’t,” he says. You don’t ask how he knows.
“Technically,” Sherlock said, “she didn’t say anything inaccurate. Simplistic, maybe, but not inaccurate.”
on ourselves.”
just to conduct some sort of experiment, and—let’s not forget—you bloody tricked me into thinking I’d watched you die. Just so—what? I could publically grieve you? Lend more credence to your little play at being dead? How is that not the very definition of
“Hide,” he whispers and drags you into a nearby cubicle, shoving you underneath a desk.
Art by
The two of them did a nonchalant sweep of the cottage, pretending to be putting their jackets away, walking casually into the bedroom and the loo, searching for extra blankets in the closets instead of searching for an intruder. So far as they could tell, the killer was not yet in the house, although it was clear he had plans to be.
I challenge you to name each shade
“I thought you said the hard Rs were the most important.” John settled his hand on Sherlock’s waist.
“You couldn’t have…” John’s brain was freezing, stuttering. “Could you have done this before you died? How could you have known…”
There wasn’t anything particularly exciting in Declan’s sleeping quarters, although Sherlock meticulously combed through the whole of it anyway. The revolver and the journal were by far the most interesting discoveries; the rest was a minimalist example of what one might expect to find in the bedroom of a no-nonsense middle-aged man. A handful of trousers, socks, and jumpers. A smattering of books with varying layers of dust on them. A dirty magazine tucked under the mattress. Sherlock declared the lot of it dull, and John found himself in agreement.
John shoved dirt over the anger. This sort of thing would not make his time alone on the island with Sherlock any more pleasant.
It was one of those typical afternoons, the two of them just returned from a tour of the underside of London’s bridges to interview several members of Sherlock’s homeless network. Sherlock was pinning some notes to his wall of data about the black market surgery gang and John was just starting to make tea when they realized that Rosie was at school and Mrs. Hudson was out and they had the place to themselves. Sherlock caught John’s gaze in the entrance to the kitchen and the temperature in the flat spiked. Things got a bit jumbled together after that.
“Um,” he said, straightening the pages in his hands. He picked up some of the papers that had fluttered to the ground after Sherlock kissed him, trying to put them in order again.
Sherlock pulled John close and sank his mouth into John’s and John whimpered and dug his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and the cliff fell out from under them, rocks breaking apart with a shuddering crack, sending the both of them tumbling towards the churning water below. Adrenaline surged through Sherlock’s body and his heart hammered and his brain screamed and he didn’t let go of John, not for a second. When they hit the water, plunging into the unforgiving waves, it hurt like hell.
?” Sherlock asked, clutching at John so tightly it was ever so slightly difficult to breathe. “It looks
“You don’t know that,” Sherlock said.
It had to end, John knew. This thing that was happening between the two of them, it was unsustainable. It all needed to be over—immediately, if possible. In all honesty, it never should have begun. John was nearly certain that all the pulling at his ribs had cracked the whole of his chest open.
Sherlock moved his mouth down John’s neck. He still tasted of salt, traces of sweat from the night before. Some of the sweat, Sherlock knew, was his own, evidence of the merging of their bodies. Sherlock hoped that if one put a sample of John up to a microscope, at least a third of the cells would be Sherlock’s. Preferably more.
(See the end of the chapter for
They both lost their balance together. John folded backwards, pitching off the side of the boat, the man still wrapped in his arms. They hit the frigid, churning water together.
he thought.
Not literally, of course, but it felt a bit literal at the moment. His body felt untethered in a swirling hum of sensation, twisting about with seemingly little control. His limbs were free and discombobulated and moving about with little sense of organization or purpose. He was weightless and floating and the whole of him was buzzing and pulsing and his brain was completely devoid of anything useful and all of it might have had something to do with the fact that John Watson was currently between his legs, lips wrapped around his cock and sucking him down as if it were a matter of life or death. John’s mouth was hot and slick and his tongue was deft and his hand wrapped around the base of Sherlock’s cock,
“Not really,” John said. “Too bloody bright in here.”
John. The blob was John.
“Just as long as Sherlock knows he can’t keep you,” Gilly said, winking. She returned to her coffee, long since neglected after her momentary lapse into panic. “You’re mine. And I don’t like to share.”
For a moment, John looked as if he might move back to the bed. He looked as if he might wrap his arms around Sherlock, run his fingers through his curls, kiss him. He looked as if he might stay, even just for a moment longer.
“Angelo,” Sherlock said. “Have you ever heard of the Monty Hall problem?”
He shrugged. “Some creep causing problems,” he said. “Should be fun.”
Mary sighed. “Right,” she said. “What did you have in mind?”
“And two years later,” John said. “When you reappeared in London after being gone, why did you return? And not the terrorist attack—you didn’t give a lick about that. Why did you really return?”
Behind John, the larger man’s head sank to his chest. His eyes closed. His hands relaxed on the gun. His body went still, his breathing shallow, slowing.
“You used to store old medical texts in the fireplace,” John said. “I thought you didn’t know what the thing was actually used for.”
Anyway, that’s when John realized he was staring. He reoriented his attention to his menu, doing his best to study it in-depth while taking deep breaths.
John was gone, of course. Sherlock was laying on his side once more, staring at a wall filled with unmentionable stains, the worn fabric of the ratty mattress pressing against his cheek. He made a noise that sounded like a whimper. Sunlight peeked through the cracks in the boarded windows. It was properly morning now, which made this establishment properly depressing. Sherlock expected Magnussen at his flat in a few short hours but seriously considered not being present for that meeting in favor of crawling downstairs and begging Wiggins for more of whatever it was he took last night. Sherlock very much wanted both his brain and his body to leave him the hell alone.
“Still on the sofa, I see.”
Mary blinked at him. She looked dubious.
John was still laughing. “Sherlock Holmes,” he said, “can’t handle his alcohol.”
“Hello, love,” he said to her. “Are you feeling better? Now that they got that thing out of you?”
to see on this island while we’re here?” asked one of the women.
“With pleasure,” Sherlock said, all eyes on the road.
No, wait.
“Yeah,” Mary said. “I am.”
The side of John’s smile twitched upward even further.
Sherlock looked as if he might slap John in the middle of the restaurant. “I am
If Sherlock had his eyes open, he would have pressed them closed. “No it wasn’t,” he said.
“—clean this.” John did his best to balance the drawer in his hands. A few dislodged utensils clattered to the floor.
“All right,” Claire said, giving each of them a pat on the shoulder. “You lads be careful out here. Remember—the Island is tough. It takes a special kind to survive out here.”
and John couldn’t have imagined a better miracle than that.
“You’re still wrong about the Monty Hall problem,” Sherlock said.
you may think that I’m bound to complain,
Sherlock sighed. “The front of your mouth, John. Speak from the front of your mouth.”
Sherlock was in bed next to him.
“Don’t judge me,” John said to the dog.
“Yeah,” John said. “It’s nice. Definitely cozy. Very picturesque. I could see why folks would want to book a holiday here. Very English-countryside.”
“You need me?” Sherlock said, his words light, teasing. His lips were so close that John could nearly taste him.
“Ah,” John said. It would seem he was back to monosyllabic non-words.
Sherlock shook his head. His hands drifted up John’s sides. He felt John’s ribs expand and contract through his shirt. John wasn’t here. John was all in his head. He didn’t have to answer any of these questions.
“And,” Sherlock said, “it isn’t just a one-third split, not all the time. In one episode, he had the contestant choose between one of four wallets with varying amounts of money in them. Didn’t he, Watson?”
“Okay,” John said.
Oh, the shit we’ll put up with together
The pretend-boyfriend version of Sherlock would have said
” The voice was closer now, followed by footsteps crunching along the dirt of the road.
John surged forward, catching Sherlock’s mouth in his before John could let any words spill out, because if he was lovely than Sherlock was a goddamn masterpiece, a perfect piece of art that should be hung in a museum, something so unspeakably beautiful it hurt the eyes to even gaze upon it. John felt like he could cry. He hadn’t realized how much he missed Sherlock, hadn’t identified what that aching was until just this moment, now that it was gone. It would be back, John knew, as soon as he let Sherlock go, and he figured that he best not let Sherlock go, so long as he could help it. It was in everyone’s best interests, he thought, that this moment lasted forever.
John’s face was fire. He was sure even his ears were red. “That,” he growled, “is
John bit at Sherlock’s lower lip and tugged at Sherlock’s curls. “Would you fuck me now?” he asked.
Sherlock much preferred
“I understand basic probability, John,” Sherlock growled.
John nodded, and Sherlock’s hand slipped behind him. Turning him. Pulling him closer. John went to make a sound of protest, to push Sherlock away, to keep distance between their bodies. Before he could do any of that, they were pressed together, John’s erection pushing against Sherlock’s hip. John could feel his face flush red even as his cock throbbed with the sensation, and an apology was already forming in his mouth before he froze. His eyes popped open, gasping.
“Apparently not,” John said. “Because we’re still having this bloody conversation.
John chuckled, shaking his head and starting over to the other side of the playground, where the terrified boy was sobbing and his mum was already glaring at John with what looked to be a death stare. He wondered if the woman would accept apologies in the form of warnings about the business dealings of a local dim sum restaurant.
Sherlock’s lips twitched upwards in an amused smile.
Sherlock shuffled out from underneath the bed. He sat back on his heels. He had loads of cobwebs caught in his hair. “You haven’t called me brilliant in ages,” he said.
on the way. No, John didn’t remember.
John laughed. “And also Declan?”
“Noted,” John said.
Right then. John made himself a third variation of his beans-and-rice-and-veg dish, which tasted just as unimpressive as his first two attempts. He ate the meal in the silence of the kitchen table, thumbing through Declan’s journal as he did so.
The chill of the night air had a crispness to it, the kind of cold you can smell. John zipped his coat up to his chin and shoved his hands in his pockets, watching the fog of his breath disappear into the London night. The city glowed in the darkness, the motley lights from the shops and streetlights shining like Christmas, the headlights from taxis flickering as they drove past. There were fewer cars on the street, fewer pedestrians on the pavement, and John figured the whole of it might actually be rather nice.
Sherlock kept moving after, his breath ragged against John's chest, little trembling pulses moving in and out of John. John felt Sherlock’s come seeping out of him, dripping onto the table and the floor. John’s legs slipped from Sherlock’s shoulders, splaying across the table. He whimpered as Sherlock’s softening cock shifted inside him, slipping out as Sherlock flattened his body over John’s, smearing John’s come between the two of them. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back, their heaving chests moving as one. John felt windswept and soggy and sated. He could have stayed there forever, Sherlock’s body limp on his, Sherlock’s come trickling out of his arse.
John moved to the back of the cottage, pressing himself flat against the wall to the left of the rear window, as instructed. He could just see inside the window, not enough to make out anything from the inside of the house but enough to tell that the lights were off.
“Morning,” Sherlock said, although by his estimates it was approximately half-four—literally morning, but not in keeping with the spirit of the greeting.
“Right,” John said, his brain spinning a bit at the deductions. “But some of that is just normal behavior. Attending an office party to be nice. Pretending to like your coworkers. That’s the kind of things people do.”
John said. He could feel his heart start to sink into his stomach. His fears seemed on the verge of coming true, then—that any moments of affection between the two of them were little more than an impulsive decision for Sherlock, some way for him to express his exuberance over a break in the case. Something they just did now, from time to time. Still, he found himself moving towards Sherlock, a wave drifting towards the shore.
“Sherlock?”
“Sorry,” John said, trying to shake the shock from his head. “It’s just...unexpected. I didn’t think you went for that sort of thing. I mean…”
Sherlock made another grumpy noise.
He nods. “I’ve received some decent intel that our bank robber is likely to be at the Lee Street branch of Cedars Bank in thirty minutes. That particular bank has quite high security, so I am very curious as to how he intends to make his way inside.” He taps at his lips, momentarily lost in thought. Playing through the possible scenarios, perhaps. Then he comes to and pops out of bed, energy nearly radiating from his pores. “Not a moment to lose,” he says.
“Are you sure?” John asked, sinking his mouth onto Sherlock’s.
In truth, John didn’t have many possessions to his name after he left Mary. The two of them had a flat full of things, but in the end they had all turned out to belong to Mary. John was surprised to see how few boxes he was able to pack his life into, and he wasn’t sure if the surprise was pleasant or not.
Sherlock stopped them again, grabbing at John’s arm. John wavered under his grip, his legs not quite receiving the message that the top of him had stopped moving.
“Anyway,” Claire said quickly. “We asked him about it when we interviewed him. Asked if he would be okay with the solitude. It can get to you after a while, you know. Being alone.”
all the bloody time. Even first thing in the morning, or when he had been unshowered and moping for days on end in between cases, he was unquestionably the nicest thing to look at in a room at any given time. It wasn’t fair.
John darted over as well, kneeling at Sherlock’s side. “He’s found something.”
) and he was sick all over the ground just outside the hall. Then he left straight for this place, bought some substance or another off of that Wiggins chap, and was sick again all over one of the mattresses. He had been here fairly regularly after that, regularly enough that people were learning his name—or rather, the fake name he gave. He still popped back by the flat, still worked on the Magnussen case, still did his best to court Janine, but it was all a bit halfhearted, distracted. It was difficult to focus over the song.
to get under my skin like that?”
, John thought.
“I ought to have been honest with you,” John said. “And I ought to have been honest with myself. From the start. So. Yeah. I owe you an apology.” He turned back towards Sherlock. Sherlock was still seated on the pile of debris, forearms propped on his knees, but he was staring at John intently, gobsmacked. “But not nearly as big of an apology as I owe you, Sherlock.”
Mary stopped just at the top of the stairs. “He didn’t do any of that for me, you know,” Mary said, her voice a harsh whisper. “No matter what he said. Not a bit of that was for
John’s lips quirked into a half-smile. “You sure?”
“You were saying something about the city turning to robots at night,” Sherlock whispers. “How very prescient of you.”
“Oh really?” John asked.
John cleared his throat and willed his lower half to behave. “Morning,” he said. “You decided to sleep, then?”
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered against John’s mouth. “Yes, John. God yes.”
“Most wouldn’t.” Sherlock’s lips were full and soft on John’s.
Sherlock didn’t particularly care for Plan 21 and would gladly have forgone the whole of it. Magnussen had dropped in his priorities as of late—having a bullet tear through your chest will do that, apparently. Still, on the off-chance that Plan 21 was to be enacted, it was best to keep his dependence on painkillers to a minimum. Sherlock needed to have his wits about him, and opioid withdrawal was notoriously distracting.
“Make me come,” John gasped, his broken voice rising above all of it.
Sherlock collapsed against the mattress, forehead pressed against his arm. He was lying in his own come, but he didn’t care. He tried to steady his breathing with gulping gasps. The air of the room was cold on his slick skin. Goosepimples arose on his body and he shuddered once more. His breathing slowly stilled, body returning to homeostasis, and the flat fell back into a silence that only served to highlight the lack of life that surrounded Sherlock at the moment. He heaved out another breath just to fill the room with a sound.
“How are you managing in here, my dear?”
John’s gaze dropped back down to the keys. The bloody keys.
John studied Sherlock. A few lines of reasoning clicked together in his mind. “This is an apology,” he said, pointing at the seals. “Isn’t it? You wanted me to come out here with you to see the seals. You’re apologizing to me.”
Sherlock rolled to his side and retrieved his mobile from where it got tangled under the blankets. He looked at the last message he typed out. He blessedly hadn’t pressed
“You might be interested to know,” the man said, something like hate dripping from his voice, “that I am an excellent shot. Good enough to put a bullet between your friend’s eyes from a distance, if I want. Good enough to put a bullet somewhere else on him, if I want. Somewhere that might take him down but not kill him straightaway. Maybe a nice gut shot. Or maybe the shoulder, like you did my mate. Somewhere that’d hurt him but would keep him alive a while longer. Plenty long enough to make him wish we’d killed him straightaway.” He leaned forward, pressing his foot harder into John’s chest. John grunted, a hot mix of pain and panic shooting through him. “How I choose to kill your friend,” the man whispered, “depends entirely on my mood. And my mood depends entirely on your behavior.” His foot ground into John’s chest, hard enough that John wondered if he meant to crack ribs. “Understood?”
“But,” he says, eyebrow raised. “I’m a bit peckish at the moment.”
Based on the angle of the light coming through the windows, Sherlock estimated that it was about half-six in the morning. Rosie was a prompt riser; he and John had approximately thirty more minutes of rest before she came screaming back into consciousness. Rosie tended to greet the day with an enthusiasm that was largely vocal.
“I’ll always come back for you, John,” Sherlock said. “Always.”
“Yeah,” John said. “I have that same jumper.”
John felt as though the city had flipped and he didn’t know north from south anymore. Everything was disorienting, wrong. Images flashed into his mind—Sherlock standing behind him at the kitchen counter at Baker Street, John perched in the crook of Sherlock’s legs and mouthing at his cock through his trousers, the two of them running through the streets, panting and laughing, Sherlock fucking him so hard in an alleyway that he couldn’t breathe, Sherlock shaking his hand on a tarmac and John wanting nothing more than to wrap his arms around him and never let go, Sherlock’s mouth on his, John pulling Sherlock’s mouth against his, Sherlock lifting him up, up, up…
“But this,” Sherlock ran a finger over a small scar on John’s bicep, no bigger than a five-pence coin. “This isn’t from a fight.”
Conor giggled. “The werewolf
“It’s not that long,” John said. “One year. It feels like it's been ages, though.”
“Not quite the point,” John said, releasing Rosie from his arms and moving her towards Sherlock. “Your papa will get you cleaned up. I’ll go apologize.”
“So you think they killed him?” John asked. “You think they found him out here? Got the flash drive? Got their revenge?”
” Sherlock waved the binoculars over his head, “our werewolf has been here the whole time.”
“I like weddings,” Sherlock said.
“If you’re a rock climber in Ireland,” Darren said, “you’d best get used to the wet. Otherwise you’d never set foot on a mountain in all your life.”
“Christ,” John muttered. He held on for several long moments, his breath not stilling, his heart not slowing. He held onto Sherlock as if he was holding him in place, keeping him rooted to the earth, at his side. Sherlock held him tighter.
Bibbidi bobbidi
“Which means,” Sherlock continued, “it can be reasonably assumed that the killer is targeting couples.”
He finishes typing and sets the mobile on his stomach. He taps his fingers against himself, eyes on the ceiling. You can practically hear him thinking, seven moves ahead of everyone else on the planet, likely.
The sheep were bleating rather a lot, actually.
Sherlock shifted his weight against John, pressing him against the wall with a shoulder while he dug madly through his coat pocket with his free hand. His stag-do supplies flew out of his coat left and right, breathalyzers and cigars and spare neckties and a deck of cards scattering across the alleyway like bits of debris. John laughed into Sherlock’s ear, a sweet, breathy sound.
Sherlock’s head had barely left his mobile since they landed. After nearly an hour of trying to steer an oblivious Sherlock around pedestrians on the pavement, John insisted the two sit down on a bench until Sherlock figured out their next move.
John’s glazed eyes met his and he nodded. Sherlock pushed a pillow underneath John’s hips and John hooked his legs over Sherlock’s thighs, tugging him closer nearly before Sherlock had time to slick himself up. Sherlock knelt low between John’s legs, bracing himself on John’s hips as he eased the tip of his cock inside. John gasped and Sherlock nearly toppled over as the tight ring of muscle enveloped him. Sherlock could feel John’s body adjusting to the intrusion and forced himself to go slow, agonizingly slow, when all he wanted to do was bury himself in John immediately. John’s head was tipped back, his eyes pressed closed, and he made little noises as Sherlock eased in bit by bit. Then all sound faded from John completely and his mouth opened and closed wordlessly, only little gasps escaping as Sherlock slowly filled him.
“You know,” John said. “I think the last time I had more than a few pints in a row was my stag night.”
Sherlock had a go at a chuckle. It was unsuccessful. “Not a very helpful answer.”
“God, Sherlock,” John breathed. “Oh my god.”
John could feel the old answer dancing up his throat out of habit, the
You think to be offended, but he’s right. You, in fact, do not have fifty quid. Another reason why you probably shouldn’t have called in sick today.
John’s hands gripped Sherlock’s face. They were cold and wet. Sherlock could feel John swallow, his lips still so close. Sherlock didn’t dare open his eyes, couldn’t look at the expression on John’s face.
of the people you fuck are meaningless wastes of space or just the women.” He sneered. “Something tells me it’s the former.” Sherlock flipped the switch on the kettle, which—being unplugged—did nothing.
John had an odd sort of feeling that Lucy might be glad to know about all that, seeing as how much she heard John whining about it during his time on the island, but it felt a bit unhinged to be holding an intimate conversation about his love life with a sheep, especially with such a large audience. He cleared his throat. “The next caretakers will be much nicer to you. They won’t make you eat anything you shouldn’t, or go and cut anything out of you. Promise.”
“Didn’t I already?” John asked. He set his newspaper on his lap. “At the restaurant?”
John’s brow furrowed. “You have?”
and it’s a pain that you can bear,
Sherlock’s eyes dropped to the table. “I wouldn’t say that,” he said.
“I asked them about the murders,” Sherlock said. “They weren’t very helpful.”
John chuckled. “You? Patient?”
“I’m clean,” you think to say, and it’s long past the point of relevance seeing as he’s already had your cock in his mouth, but you say it anyway.
John raised an eyebrow. “You sure?”
,” Will yelped. His eyes were wild, his whole body a trembling mess. His hands nearly vibrated as they hung in the air. “Don’t you see? They’ll kill me and they’ll kill you too. Just give me the fucking flash drive and we’ll all be safe.”
Then he sinks to his knees in front of you.
I deal in shadows
” Sherlock continued, his lips just at John’s ear, “
John followed Sherlock’s gaze and groaned. Indeed, the thick curtains bunched at the top of the window looked as if they could cancel out all light from the dim twilight world. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” John said, lifting himself from his bed to the window. Of course a bleary, sleep-deprived Sherlock Holmes would still be more observant than he was. John tugged the curtains down over the window and the room descended into a blackness so complete it was nearly euphoric.
Sherlock rolled onto his side, slipping closer to John. “You’re warm,” he said. “It’s cold.”
behind the curtain, daddy!”
A tiny smile could be seen just at the corners of Sherlock’s lips. “And you’re quite skilled at fighting,” he said.
The thing on top of him shifted, moved. It was a person.
,” Sherlock shouted from somewhere downstairs. “
“Aren’t we all,” Sherlock said. He walked over to John and lifted Rosie out of his arms, turning her and setting her against his shoulder. She carried on screaming.
“Needle is attached to the suture already,” John said. “All you’ll need to do is pull the suture out and get started.”
Birdy stood, her chair clattering along the floor. “Lovely to meet the both of you,” she said with a wave.
“Sherlock,” John said, before Sherlock could speak a single word. “I know it’s not good for me to call you. I know it’s not okay. But it’s important.” He paused, took a deep breath. “Mary is gone. She’s in danger, Sherlock. Someone’s after her.” He pressed his eyes shut, hating every single cell in his selfish bastard of a body for what he was about to say. “I need your help.”
Sherlock smiled, and then they were kissing again. John wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s face and Sherlock’s mouth opened against his and he tasted like the sea. John let Sherlock fill him, wash against him. He could breathe with Sherlock here—on top of him, against him—and nothing hurt. Sherlock whimpered against him and John kissed the sound from his lips. As far as John was concerned, the two could stay here forever.
Sherlock had absolutely no desire for either of them to leave the bed, possibly forever. “It’s just a scratch,” he said. “I have a feeling I’ll survive.”
Caring for a baby added new challenges to sleeping, but it certainly made sleep less elusive when the two found time. Sherlock noticed that sleeping was a much more desirable experience when he had John in his bed. They both learned the importance of keeping quiet so as not to wake Rosie, although the both of them struggled with the task from time to time. Sherlock—thus far—held the record for most egregious offense. On the night in question, Sherlock found himself on his back with John’s lips wrapped around his cock and his fingers moving inside him; John crooked his fingers forward just so and performed some complicated movement with his tongue that Sherlock didn’t fully understand and Sherlock came at a volume that earned him both a banging on the ceiling from Mrs. Hudson below and an irritated scream from Rosie above.
“The one with the jellyfish?” John asked.
—as if sound didn’t exist in their world. Sherlock was gasping and grunting behind him, a layer of sweat making the whole of his body shimmer, the slap of his hips against John’s arse nearly drowning out the mattress. Nearly.
Sherlock kissed down John’s body, moving his tongue along smooth skin dotted by the occasional freckle and soft patch of hair. John’s hands were on him as he moved, and he could feel John’s heartbeat hammer through his chest. He kissed at each of John’s ribs. Some tweaked-out mugger had once punched John in the ribs, bruising them. It had hurt John to breathe for a while, but he tried not to let Sherlock know about it. Sherlock knew all the same.
“This is unconvincing,” Sherlock said after some time. “We look as if we are anxiously sitting around, waiting to be murdered.”
“I—” But John didn’t have time to say much else before Sherlock’s mouth was upon him. His lips landed just to the left of John’s, just grazing the curve of his frown, with Sherlock’s hand covering up the fact that they weren’t kissing, not really. John felt Sherlock’s mouth move against the periphery of his, feigning a kiss that was growing in passion with each moment. John did his best to act as if he were kissing back, sliding his eyes shut and working his jaw along with Sherlock’s, but the presence of Sherlock’s lips so close to his was too great a temptation for him to fully relinquish control.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock thought,
And I yet when I deny
now would she?”
And rang.
John could barely comprehend how right it had felt, waking up with Sherlock like that. Ordinarily, he hated when he woke up with a partner wrapped around him. Sometimes, he felt smothered if so much as an arm was pressed against his back. He felt stifled and overheated and shifted around in the bed until either they got up or he did. With Sherlock, he could have stayed there for hours, just feeling Sherlock’s heart pound against his. He hated that Sherlock had gotten out of bed.
for you.” The word left his lips as if made of something bitter.
“Right,” John said.
“Best get on with it,” Sherlock said. With that, he stepped away from the two of them. He seated himself on a pile of rubble, forearms resting on his knees. He turned his gaze towards the ground and didn’t move. His shoulders rose and fell with a series of deep exhales. For someone who just shot a man from thirty meters, chased him down a beach, and saved the three of their lives, John thought that Sherlock looked shattered, the worst player on a football team about to be relegated.
he asked.
case-related developments.” His fingers never paused along the keys, but John could see Sherlock’s face turn ever so slightly sour. “Your insistence on romantic connections is negatively impacting your utility as a helpmate.”
“Hold that thought,” John said.
Sherlock looked unhappy. “Yes,” he said. “But—”
“You can’t have him forever, of course,” Conor said. “But he can help keep a look out. Just in case the werewolf returns.”
,” John said. “Now.”
“Nope.” John’s hands were on him, pushing him back onto the mattress. “Keep down, I think.”
“The victims, you mean?” John asked.
“Yeah,” John said, figuring it was easier to allow himself to be manhandled than to resist. “The problem isn’t really about the show exactly. It’s more a maths problem.”
The ferry ride to the island Mary chose to hide out on was about thirty minutes, and Sherlock and John passed most of the time in silence. It was properly late now—nearly two in the morning—but still the night never came, the sky a dimly-lit blue. Clouds were rolling in from the west, bringing with them a biting wind that pushed against the water, making the ferry ride a bit choppier than desired. John felt bleary and disoriented, the adrenaline of finally finding Mary at war with his orgasm-slack muscles. His heavy eyes stared out the car window as the ferry moved them, looking at the bobbing waves without seeing them. The grey-blue water was close in color to the sky, giving everything a pale, somber look.
,” Sherlock grumbled.
“We never should have gotten married,” John said. He shook his head. “We never should have, Mary.”
Sherlock nodded against him. “Perfectly so,” he said.
*           *           *
“Good,” John said, considering the change in topic to be a lateral move. He realized that he was not particularly sure of the answer to that question anymore. His guilt over whatever was going on in his head—the dreams, the secret nighttime wanks in the bathroom—had him moving delicately around Mary, keeping things as light and short as possible. He was certain that, if given the time to really scrutinize him, Mary would detect his guilt in seconds. She did, after all, have a skillset about which John knew very little. He didn’t like to think about what a former assassin might do if she learned that her husband was having wanks to fantasies of his best mate.
“I think,” John said, “that I’m a fool. The biggest bloody fool on the planet, it would seem. Possibly the universe.”
During the in-between times, infrequent though they were, everything was calm. There hadn’t been a case on for a few days and Sherlock wasn’t crawling out of his skin quite yet. His refractory period between cases had expanded, John noticed, and Sherlock could now tolerate nearly four straight caseless days before he got itchy and John had to double-check that he hadn’t managed to sneak his revolver back from Lestrade. At the moment, they were only on day two, and Sherlock was still calm and lazy, lounging in his pyjamas and dressing gown, watching old episodes of
“Well,” John said, “I guess this means we won’t be able to find a case for tonight.”
You collapse onto him, his leg dropping off your shoulder. His head is still tipped back and he’s panting into the headboard and you’re panting into his neck. Your cock slips out of him and he makes a little gasping noise and you bloody miss him already—you were just inside him seconds ago and you already miss the snug warmth of his body around you. He is soft and floppy beneath you. He strokes a limp hand over your back and you want to grab his arms and wrap them around you.
“Any disorientation?” John asked. “Do you know where you are?”
John’s eyes slid open the tiniest of slivers. He looked at Sherlock’s hand as if it were some insurmountable obstacle, but nodded all the same. He pressed his palm into Sherlock’s and hauled himself from the loo, hissing and cursing as his leg moved, straightened. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John, tucked under John’s armpits, and John let his weight fall against Sherlock, barely possessing the strength to grab onto Sherlock for support. Sherlock moved John slowly and John allowed himself to be moved.
Being frozen, Sherlock found, was no simple feat. It required a substantial amount of intra-organism coordination and no small amount of focus. It was, however, incredibly effective and far preferable to the agonizing death the frigid winter otherwise promised.
John shifted, trying to cross his legs but slipping down in the tub and nearly drowning himself again instead. “Just a little hard to focus when I’m naked,” he said.
favorite table, John thought. But he supposed that made it
“I do not—”
“Wait for a criminal to sneak onto the island and try to kill some sheep,” John said, “or us. That what you mean?”
John had been having nightmares for the entirety of the trip—nightly, sometimes multiple times a night. Sherlock knew that John was no stranger to nightmares; he experienced them with some frequency when the two started sharing a flat years ago. However, John’s nightmares faded shortly after the two moved in together, and Sherlock only noticed restless nights on John’s part once every few months, if that. Of course, Sherlock had no data points after he returned from the dead. He couldn’t help but wonder when the frequency increased again. Something told him that this was a recent phenomenon.
about someone other than himself. Other than the
“Um,” John said. This was one of those questions Mary asked that she already knew the answer to. He hated those questions. “It was a busy case. There was the kidnapped girl, as you know. She’s fine, by the way. And then Sherlock discovered that these kids were making drugs.” He grinned. “You won’t believe how he figured it out. It was fantastic. He found a piece of paper in a skip, and—”
Kind of interesting, that?”
he had been thinking it all along—wishing it, hoping for it, bloody praying to anybody out there who could have possibly listened. He was mad to convince himself that it wasn’t the one thing he wanted more than anything in this world, that he wouldn’t have traded just about anything for it to have been true. He was mad to think that, after all this time, he wasn’t still waiting for a miracle.
Sherlock’s palm met his back, soft. A puff of air blew at the nape of John’s neck. Sherlock’s hand slid along John’s back, over his side, across his chest. Sherlock slipped closer, sliding his body behind John’s. Sherlock’s fingers splayed across John’s chest and he pulled himself closer, pressing himself along John’s back, fitting himself into the dips and angles of John’s body in a way that felt too bloody perfect to be fair. John’s thudding heartbeat would give him away, John knew, but he didn’t care. He could feel Sherlock’s heartbeat hammering against his back as well. John forced out a slow exhale. He waited. He waited for Sherlock to move, to flee, to leave. Sherlock didn’t move. He seemed to be stilling, relaxing. The both of them were.
Sherlock had said, all eye contact suddenly gone.
“John Watson,” Mrs. Hudson snapped. “How could you be so cruel?”
(Come to the Tumblr. We have chapter update info: https://arwamachine.tumblr.com/)
John blinked again and Sherlock came into focus. Sherlock was seated on the mattress, a hand on John’s shoulder. Sherlock was already dressed for the day but John was naked under the blankets. Naked and relaxed and just a bit sticky and—
Darren met them halfway down the hill, jogging towards them as if he did this sort of thing all the time, which John reasoned he likely did. He took John’s place at the woman’s side, allowing the woman to drape her arm over his shoulder. “I can get you into the dinghy,” he said. The three of them started off down the rest of the hill, Fitz joining and running in interested little circles around them, wondering what strange game the humans were playing.
must have seen the culprit enter and exit the flat. Somebody could give John some information, some glimmer of hope.
Had he been in John's shoes, Sherlock wasn't sure he would know what to do. He didn't like going to people for help. It was something he had thought to be a sign of weakness. But here he was, looking at an actual god, a man who was radiant and powerful in ways Sherlock had only started to discover, and he could not make himself think that John was weak.
"Well what?!"
Something flickered in John's eyes. He looked understanding, but Sherlock could sense an aura of frustration around him, a hint of disappointment at the insistence of Sherlock's scepticism.
Despite answering Sherlock’s questions without protests, Clara seemed to be more focused on John. She kept flicking her eyes into his direction and offering him smiles. John wasn’t sure how to take it. She was definitely years younger than him and admittedly quite attractive, but he wasn’t interested. Hadn’t been for some time. The flirting was flattering though.
* * *
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed momentarily. “Yes. I think you might have to,” he said and then he was looking away once again. For the rest of the drive, Sherlock either stared out of the window or at his phone, rapidly texting a few times.
“Right,” John murmured, a little exasperated. “That’s good. Or not good. Anyway, I didn’t want her number.”
“Well done, Watson,” he murmured and flopped back down on the bed with a sigh.
"You're Cupid."
"I am sorry. I had to show you so you'd understand," John said carefully. He seemed taken aback by the intensity of Sherlock's reaction. "You are mortal... I should've known. It is worse for you. But I need your help, Sherlock. You can help me. I know you can."
Sherlock shook his head. “You,” he said.
“Married,” Gilly repeated. “You and I.”
Go through the Declan Moore’s old room, John figured. He sighed, following after Sherlock. He supposed that they would find time to unpack their things and settle in later that night.
You consider. He has a point. It’s nearly one in the morning and neither of you have eaten anything all day. A bit of food might be advisable, especially since one of you was recently in a bit of a fight.
He felt Sherlock momentarily stiffen beneath him, a small surprised noise escaping against John’s lips. Then Sherlock’s mouth moved against his—just a little, just enough—and the two were kissing. It wasn’t staged this time, an obscured kiss meant to look passionate but nothing but a sham, it was real—lips moving against lips, mouths opening ever so slightly. John caught Sherlock’s face in his hands and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, his hands light on John’s shoulder blades. John kept the kiss chaste—they
“Right,” Sherlock said. He knew this. He knew about the importance of wound cleaning, sterile procedures. However, he also had a good sense for what this was about to feel like for John. He held the bit of gauze, wet with saline, just over the wound. “Are you ready?” He couldn’t quite bear to look at John’s face for this.
“Well,” Mrs. Hudson said, straightening and shaking out her fist. “
Sherlock smiled. “Indeed.” He relaxed his grip on John’s hands and John had his wrists free in an instant, swinging a leg over Sherlock and flipping the both of them over. Sherlock’s back hit the mattress with an
“I was just checking in on you two,” Hugh said. “Did you enjoy your trip to town? Get what you needed?”
John exhaled, a loud, shaky thing. It still wasn’t a question, but he nodded all the same, eyes stubbornly planted on Sherlock’s hand.
John stopped in the middle of the field, staring out at the sheep with his hands in his pockets. Everyone still seemed to be present and accounted for. The donkeys had joined the field, munching on grass alongside the sheep as if nothing were amiss. The clouds had darkened to an angry grey and the wind had picked up, even on this side of the island. Rain was coming. John wasn’t sure how long he planned to be out here watching the sheep, but he certainly was in no mood to return to the cottage and face Sherlock.
John sat back on his heels. “It’s probably just a sprain,” he said. “When you get back to the mainland, ice it and elevate it. Should feel better after a day or so. Try to keep from hiking up any major mountains in the meantime.”
Sherlock nodded. “You always appreciated a touch of romanticism,” he said.
“This is it,” Sherlock said, hands deep in his pockets as the wind ripped at his coat. “The last spot of land. Nothing between us and North America except three thousand kilometers of water.”
“How?” John asked. “And why? Why did you… Where have you been?”
“I think the situation has changed a bit,” John said, tipping his head back to rinse the remaining bits of soap from his hair.
Mrs. Hudson did not appear consoled by their responses. “Why are they hanging on my wall?” she asked.
when his hand was last in mine.
“Oh,” he said. He gestured back to Sherlock. “Don’t shoot him. Please.”
“You’re not like that, are you?” John asked. “You’re a good dog.”
John blinked at her. He felt as if he was suddenly talking with a tabloid reporter.
like that, rather. It’s like…” You scratch at your head. Saying any of this is more than a bit mad. Ill-advised, for sure—especially with a man about whom all you know is that he spends his spare time shamming as a homeless person. “You can walk these streets every day. You can pass by hundreds of people. Thousands even. Some of them you might pass by every morning. You might share a Tube stop. But none of them, when they look at you,
John's answering chuckle was quiet, almost just a breathy exhale.
That was a train of thought he refused to follow further. People, without exception, lost any interest in him as soon as he opened his mouth. And that was fine with him.
A few seconds later he was gone.
He growled in annoyance but then sat up, eyes still mostly closed and his hair no doubt a complete mess. “What?!”
"I'll show you," John said as if it were the most obvious thing to do, beckoning Sherlock closer. When the detective did not make a move, John stepped towards him and, before Sherlock could protest, grabbed hold of his hand.
His eyes became unfocused for a moment. Once again, he murmured something Sherlock couldn't understand.
It was infuriating that he couldn't tell if John was aware of this effect. How could his face be so open, so like an open book, and yet not reveal what he truly was?
a peculiar sight?"
“At the station,” Greg answered. “The driver too. He says he’s certain the guy just ran in front of his car.”
"Mm. Noticed. Took you a while. Was enjoying the silence."
"I see," he murmured, visibly relaxing. John seemed to relax too, that damned smile reappearing once again.
Still, the fox stayed. It would always follow a few feet behind, never coming much closer but clearly keeping an eye on his every move. Sherlock gave it one more displeased look and then gave up, choosing to turn around and continue forward. After all, he had things to do. Matters to focus on.
