“I don’t know,” Steve admitted, and he was truly clueless.
“Or when he pokes you with a fork to try to pull out whatever he put inside and got stuck.”
Steve had to do something about it. He needed to find a way to make the idea that this was okay sink in Tony’s mind. Something not very easy to do, it would be easier to make Clint start writing his own reports on time than convincing Tony to take something as acceptable when his mind already thought it wasn’t. Otherwise, Steve wouldn’t be able to get rid of the feeling that Tony was still doing this just because it was something Steve wanted. And Steve surely didn’t.
“Daddy,” Tony called, voice broken. Steve’s heart melted.
“Yes, sir?”
“Tony, enough with the swearing. Why don’t you go and refresh a little while I cook dinner?... or is it breakfast?” Playing oblivious to his frustration and anger was just making Tony angrier.
“No?”
"I'm not kidding you, sir. Those were your orders."
Tony had looked quite troubled when faced with the diapers. His expression had clearly showed that he hadn’t been expecting Steve to go that far during the first day. For a moment, Steve had even thought he was going to use their safeword, but he didn’t. A bit hesitantly, he had consented to be diapered, and then fed with a bottle. Tony hadn’t refrained Steve from doing anything. He was even sleeping with a pacifier in his mouth and a teddy bear in his arms after age playing for just four times. It just proved how genuinely Tony wanted this as much as Steve.
“We have a pretty little shy baby here, don’t we?” Steve had commented fondly as he returned to his place, sitting next to him. When it had been quite obvious that Tony wouldn’t be lured out of hiding this time, Steve had lifted him and placed him on his lap, where Tony had hidden his face against chest.
Toys. Tony had gotten JARVIS to do an Internet search to find the best rated and most popular toys all over the world so that he could purchase them. Who would have imagined JARVIS would find that many? Board games, puzzles, action figures, video games, building sets, Tony thought he even saw a scooter at some point. Next time he would have to be more specific with the A.I., because, even if Tony appreciated the effort, getting that amount of toys just make his objective harder to achieve.
I promise there will be some actual age play in the next chapter n_n''''. Sorry if it's going a bit slow, but I don't want to rush things, if I do, I think it wouldn't be believable.
“I don’t want this.”
The following days were awful. Tony had been taken out of his Little mindset all of a sudden, which made him cranky. On top of that, somebody had seen him, somebody had discovered his most embarrassing secret, which made him much crankier. He must have pissed someone up there, because it was just very bad luck that that somebody had been Steve. Of all the people, why had it had to be Steve? Even if they had been smoothing things over between them for the sake of the team, Tony was sure they would never really stand each other, and Steve’s recent friendliness was just a façade.
It started with very simple things. Steve paid more attention to Tony. Smiling every time they exchanged glances. Praising him for all the little improvements Tony made on their suits or weapons. Patting him on the shoulder or back whenever he could. Seeming truly interested in every aspect of his life, even if it was something related to his company or his creations, things Tony was sure Steve couldn’t really understand due to everything he had missed to learn for taking a very long nap.
“Seriously, how come the only thing that can make you leave your workshop is coffee?” Steve asked as he got up from the couch to follow him, walking into the kitchen just in time to see the horrified look that appeared on Tony’s face when he saw that the coffee machine was empty. Steve couldn’t help chuckling, earning a glare from Tony. “Sorry, we ran out of coffee. I was going to go downstairs to get more, but I somehow forgot about it,” he apologized. Tony kept glaring at him, but said nothing. Instead, he hugged the mug to his chest once more and walked past Steve. “Hey, where are you going?”
“No,” Tony whined, disturbed by the sudden change of position.
“Make me,” Tony mumbled, annoyed by Steve’s habit of scolding him like a child.
Steve nodded, a comprehensive smile on his face. “Okay, that’s something you should be sorry for and I’m happy you are, Clint didn’t deserve to be treated like that, he wasn’t doing anything wrong. But I didn’t ask for an apology, you’ll apologize to him in due course. What I asked is for a reason. Why did you push Clint like that?” he repeated, thumb caressing Tony’s ankle soothingly. Tony shrugged.  “I need a verbal answer, Tony.”
were the kind of moments Steve wanted to have. The ones he wanted to share with Tony. Peaceful, entertaining and fulfilling. It was just perfect, Tony snuggled against him, trusting he could sleep calmly as Steve would take care of any trouble that might arise. Because that was all Steve wanted to do, he just wanted to take care of Tony in every possible way. The age play would just allow Tony to take part in that process and benefit from it.
So now, Tony couldn’t help wondering to what extent Steve was involved in the whole thing. Did Steve found out by accident? Did he interact with Clint when he was age playing or was it something just between Clint and Phil? Did he look after Clint? Did he play with him? Did he read Clint to sleep? There were some many things Tony liked to know, and he hated that, because that meant he hadn’t really gotten rid of the idea of giving it a try like he was supposed to. There still was a part of him that was curious about it, and his curiosity grew bigger every time Steve went to look for Clint.
Clint tensed up when Steve moved closer to the bed, but his distress had been such that he practically jumped on him when Steve sat down on the bed, clutching his t-shirt and pressing his face against his chest.
It couldn’t be that hard, could it?
“Tony, sweetheart, would you please lend your lego bricks to Clint? He promises to be careful with them,” Steve asked, voice as tender as possible, Tony shook his head fervently. Of course he did, Clint wasn’t the only one who had been refusing to any proposal Steve had been making, otherwise Steve wouldn’t be in this predicament. “Baby, Clint’s our guest, we have to treat him well.”
Not knowing how or when, Tony must have drifted off to sleep, because the next time he opened his eyes, it was a little darker outside. He rolled onto his back, and was a bit surprised to find out he has hugging Raawry. Perhaps Steve had come when he was asleep and he had put it between his arms – he tended to do that – but when Tony looked around there were no signs of Steve.
With a groan that sounded way more miserable than Tony had intended, he rolled over to the other side of the bed, where the sheets weren’t such a tangled and soaked mess, and he regretted right away. That side was impregnated with Steve’s scent – a combination of soap, cologne that could only be describe as old-fashioned, and the chalk Steve insisted on using to draw even if Tony had provided him with the best and finest graphic tablets – and when it hit his nostrils, his chest went uncomfortably tight.
If somebody walked in at that exact moment, he or she would definitely get a wrong idea. Good thing Tony had been very clear when he ordered JARVIS not to let anyone in, no matter what; unless it was a matter of life or death, and even like that, JARVIS would have to ask before opening the door.
“Well, wherever it was where you were taking me,” Tony said, voice a bit annoyed. “Seriously Steve, I’m busy, Pepper’s gonna be furious if those papers are not signed by tomorrow morning.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“C’mon, honey, Daddy’s getting hungry and I’m pretty sure you’re too,” Steve cheered, something that earned him a huge pout.
There was nothing Steve would like more than to let Tony continue sleeping, he had fallen asleep when Steve had gone to the kitchen to prepare a bottle and that only showed how exhausted Tony had been – he hardly ever went to sleep willingly. But Tony’s nap had already lasted two hours, and if Steve allowed him to extend it more, Tony wouldn’t want to go to bed at night. Besides, Tony never got around to drinking the milk, and knowing him as well as he did, Steve was sure the only thing Tony had in his stomach was coffee. Sleeping was important, but so was eating.
“You owe me lunch for the rest of the month,” Clint informed, sounding serious.
“Because I like to do it? Because I love you? Because I want to make you feel loved and cared? Do I really need a reason to pamper you?” Steve asked, sounding serious. Age play aside, Steve liked to take care of Tony, and he had always felt bad when Tony rejected any kind of attention. Steve had gotten to know him well enough to be sure the reason Tony did that was his lack of acknowledgment of truly deserving that treatment.
"Yeah, I know. But, you know, even if it's a bit of a cliché, we try not to keep any secrets between us, so he ended up telling me what had happened," Clint commented as he took a can of soda from the fridge. Dr. Pepper, Steve was sure that belonged to Natasha. There was surely going to be an argument later.
Dragging his feet, Tony walked towards the sink and turned the faucet on. What was the big deal about not washing his hands before eating? What was the worst that could happen? Getting a stomachache? How was he supposed to produce antibodies if he didn’t give his body the chance to have some germs once in a while?
“Tony, I don’t want to state the obvious in here, but correct me if I’m wrong. You’ve been here since I left, and that was a week ago. And knowing you, I’m sure you haven’t gotten any decent meal or sleep all this time, so please, let’s go upstairs and rest.” Tony found himself facing a not-so-happy Steve, yet obviously trying not to show it in his expression. When had he moved in front of the desk?
“Let me…!”
Tony shook his head, almost imperceptibly. It was obvious he hadn’t wanted to agree, but both of them knew it would’ve been an outright lie if he’d denied it.
"That's perfect, because I made a lot of food and we're the only ones here today," Steve informed, stirring what was surely soup in a pot.
“You don’t know? Look Tony, I get it. I know we had an argument before, but it’s been a week already, we shouldn’t hold grudges like this.” As he said this, Steve put a finger under Tony’s chin, lifting a little so they could look at each other in the eyes. “You know, I should be the angry one here, Tony. You know how I feel about the go-to-bed-mad-at-each-other thing, and yet you hid yourself in your workshop when I was about to leave, I tried to get a hold on you for a whole week, and you never answered to any of my phone calls. And even worse, you stayed in your workshop all these days and I’m pretty sure you got nothing but coffee and none sleep, when I’ve asked you thousands of times not to do that. And then I arrive, I go to look for you, I keep back my anger, and I ask you politely to have something to eat and rest with me, and what do you do? Huh, what do you do Tony?”
Steve flopped down onto the bed, feeling uncharacteristically exhausted. Changing Clint’s and Tony’s diaper had turned out to be a real ordeal.
Petting Tony’s hair, Steve waited for him to make up his mind whether he wanted to answer honestly or not. After several minutes, Tony nodded, so imperceptibly that Steve would have missed it if Tony’s head hadn’t been resting on his shoulder.
Tony glanced back and forth between Steve and the bottle he was holding up very close to his face, clueless of what to do. Well, he did know what he had to do, he knew he was supposed to open his mouth and let Steve get the nipple inside. What Tony didn’t know was whether he wanted to suck from a bottle teat or not.
- - - - -
But then Tony took quick glance to Steve’s face, and he knew that any attempt to lie wouldn’t be well received.
“Sir has access to everything and everywhere in this tower, there’s no need for him to inform you, Captain, where he goes or doesn’t go,” JARVIS informed, clearly dodging his question.
Now he understood why Clint complained about the diapers Steve put on him, they were certainly thick. Even the pull-ups that Steve had purchased – because those pull-ups Phil found in the drawers were definitely not the ones he usually got for Clint – were exactly the same as Tony’s diapers, but without tapes: thick and with childish prints on them.
I'll try to update sooner than I have.
- - - -
“The water’s getting cold,” Steve announced after he plunged a hand into the bathtub. “Let’s get you out of here or you’re gonna end up getting sick.”
Tony squirmed a bit, and he pouted his mouth at him when he attempted to close his legs and couldn’t do it as much as he was used to. Good thing that Steve knew for a fact Tony didn’t really mind the thickness of the diaper, otherwise he would’ve picked the other one or the pull-up.
Moodily, he stood from the chair and headed towards the door, sensing how he slipped further into his littlespace, though not completely there yet. Maybe he could hang out with Steve a couple of hours, watch a movie or something, get some cuddles from him to ease his little side’s cravings. There was no real need to tell Steve how he was feeling, besides the fact that Tony wanted and needed to learn how to control this whole little headspace thing, if he told Steve he was feeling little, the chances of him going back to the workshop to finish the paperwork would be non-existing.
Perhaps that was why Steve refrained himself from verbalizing the pending issues for several more minutes, wanting to extend the moment as much as possible; and it was until Tony raised a hand to slip his thumb into his mouth when he knew he couldn’t wait any longer. If Tony sank into his headspace any further, reasoning with him would be difficult – if not impossible.
Tony wasn’t sure whether he liked that or not. There was no doubt that Steve would try to be there for him no matter what, though what truly scared Tony was how much his little side seemed to need Steve. It was like Tony couldn’t satisfy his need of him. Thanks to a weird turn of events, Tony had acquired a worthy daddy, and that idea was wonderful as well as terrifying.
Well, I did want to have a little bit of drama in this one, I mean, Steve way of handling this wasn't the best option, and I wanted Tony to made him see that.
“Okay, okay,” Steve conceded. Clint’s meltdown had been enough, Steve didn’t have the strength to deal with another one on the same day. “When Clint finished his juice, you can borrow it.”
“I know this is difficult for you, so I won’t insist, at least for now. But I do mean it, I’m more than willing to help you, Tony. Whenever you’re ready, come and look for me.” After saying this, Steve stood up and left the room, not wanting to push the matter any further and make Tony more uncomfortable than he evidently already was.
“Of course you do! The prefect Captain America can’t have anything out of the ordinary!” Tony snorted, folding his arms over his chest.
“Yes! You know you’re not allowed to climb into the vents when you’re little!” Phil pointed out as he put his hands on his hips.
Tony felt how the blood drained from his face as his breathing suddenly speeded up. He had already used the diaper, without even realizing it. This was far the first time he had had an accident, so he shouldn’t be freaking out like that, but the heart of the matter was that Steve will find out, and Tony was sure as hell Steve would try to change him, and that, that was something Tony wouldn’t allow under no circumstances. Thus, he couldn’t panic right now. Tony needed to climb out first, leave the room before Steve showed up and hide, he would have plenty of time to freak out later.
“Steveee,” he heard Tony whine in a way Steve automatically knew he had been trying to attract his attention but Steve had been too caught up in his own thoughts to listen to him. “Pay attention to meeee,” Tony demanded as he pulled the sleeve of his t-shirt, making Steve chuckle. If Steve took the time to analyze it, Tony already behaved a little childish sometimes.
Because of that, Phil wanted to reciprocate. He wanted to be there for Tony like Steve had been for there for Clint. If Clint had a hard time despite being a toddler, Tony would have it worse being a baby. Steve had told him his assistance wouldn’t be really needed since Tony didn’t slip into his littlespace without his encouragement, but Phil had promised to help if it was ever necessary anyway. And he was determined to keep that promise.
“Yeah, I said that, but… but, it’s all so… so sudden,” Steve babbled, not knowing what to say. “Hey, wait, let’s talk about this,” Steve pleaded when he saw Tony opening the door.
"Oh, it's okay baby, I'll get you something to drink," Steve offered, already swinging his legs off the bed.
“Oh Tony,” Steve said guilty, hugging him tightly and rubbing a hand on his back. “This is the only part I don’t like doing, so please stop being so stubborn and let’s go to rest a little. How does it sound, Huh? Kiddo?” Steve talked to his ear and he knew Tony was relenting when he just nodded and clinched his hands to his t-shirt.
Carefully and tenderly, Steve settled Tony on the bed and proceeded to diaper him and put him in a set of footie pajamas. Although it hadn’t taken a lot of time, by the time he was done, Tony was already dozing off again. With no effort, Steve lifted him and placed him on his lap, wrapping an arm protectively around his shoulder and another around his waist, rubbing his tummy affectionately. Tony fell asleep almost immediately, listening to his caregiver’s heartbeat.
On second thought, Steve preferred it when Tony got mad at him, that way he could still believe this wasn’t a lost cause.
Clint was rubbing his eyes while he yawned, and Phil knew it was only a matter of minutes before he fell asleep. That wouldn’t be so bad, after all, Phil had already intended to send Clint to bed. The thing was, Phil wanted to have some quality time with Clint before he went to sleep, otherwise, the chances of Clint waking up even grumpier would increase. He couldn’t really afford to deal with a fussy toddler when he had already to deal with a fussy baby.
And Tony deserved to know what it was. Tony deserved, first and foremost, honesty.
“Pardon?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow at Tony.
“Yes!” Clint said enthusiastically, getting up off the ground with the help of Steve.
And Steve had given Tony that look just because Tony had taken his thumb to his mouth unconsciously, intending to suck it. How could Steve have even noticed? It had been a hesitancy that lasted just a millisecond, almost imperceptible for the human eye! Tony had to think about something fast, something that would excuse him as soon as they reach the Tower. An excuse, a lie, a blackmail, a threat, anything. He still had more than ten minutes before landing. Ten minutes where he would be saved, since Steve would never try to do anything in front of everybody.
“W-want d-daddy,” Clint sobbed against the cushion.
“Always!” Clint assured. Steve rolled his eyes, little Clint was everything but careful.
Kids weren’t supposed to build things that impeccable. Yes, there were kids that were bright and perfectionist, and they could surely construct something similar to what Tony just had, but there was also the fact that Tony hadn’t exactly have fun while doing it. He had gotten engrossed in the task and had managed to entertain himself for a few hours, but that wasn’t the same as having fun. And that was the whole point of playing, wasn’t it? To have fun. That was why kids played. If a game or a toy weren’t fun, they just didn’t play with them.
Guilt flared in Tony’s stomach, he didn’t want to disappoint Steve. It wasn't like he hadn't liked the toys. There were some pretty good ones that had caught his attention, like all those pipes and cogs building toys that suction to the wall and made different things when water was pour into them. The problem was Tony didn't know what to do with them. That is to say, he obviously knew toys were meant to be played with, but was he supposed to do something he had never done in his life?
“Aren’t you hungry, baby?” Steve asked so close to his ear that Tony couldn’t help shuddering slightly. Tony shook his head as his fingers curled harder into the fabric of Steve’s t-shirt, just in case the latter decided to stand up despite Tony’s negation. “That’s not possible. I’m sure you didn’t have anything for lunch, you must be hungry,” he claimed, his embraced tightening.
Assurances that he was fine and that it hadn’t been anybody’s fault fell on deaf ears. Starting to feel overwhelmed by his inability to bring comfort to Tony, Steve leaned forward with awkward movements, his body slightly numbed by the not so comfortable posture as well as the pain of his wounds, and tried to hug Tony. Another bad idea. Steve should’ve remembered Tony’s first instinct was to shy away from an embrace, especially when being that upset, and he should’ve have foreseen Tony would flail and wriggle. But Steve didn’t. Tony slapped Steve’s abdomen unintentionally in his attempt to get free. Right in one of Steve’s broken ribs.
Tony found himself one night, tossing and turning unable to fall sleep, his mind stubbornly reminding him of the crib that was just a few meters away from his room, telling him how easy it would be for him to get up and walk over the nursery, assuring him nobody would catch him as Steve, as well as Clint and Phil, were going to be on a mission for the next couple of days. “Ah! This is stupid!” he grunted against the pillow, minutes before kicking off the sheets, getting out of bed, and heading to the nursery.
your fault. Any of this was. In no way. Battles are unpredictable, when we signed up for this we knew bad things could happen, we can’t always come out unharmed. This time it was my turn, and you had nothing to do with that,” he assured, face stern but somehow gentle at the same time.
Tony would have liked to explain him that hadn’t been the issue, but Steve had pulled him into a hug right after, and Tony couldn’t help to melt into his body. Steve’s touch had always had the power to calm him down almost immediately. Maybe later Tony would confess Steve he didn’t know how to play.
But Tony had refused to let that happen. And Steve being his caregiver had gone into daddy mode on him, attempting to help, but that upset him even more. And when Tony was upset and between his two headspaces, he tended to do the most adult thing to do in this situation, at least according to him: sulking and hiding from the captain.
I hope you had enjoyed it, sorry for making you wait this long, though I won't promise I'll update soon, because, well, it might happen, it might not. I promise I'll try my best to write the next chapter asap.
“You know, Raawry doesn’t really count, I wouldn’t have gotten rid of it even if you had never picked it,” Steve informed, smiling at how protectively Tony hugged it. “But I wasn’t lying when I said I was hungry, so just choose one more thing so we can go to the kitchen.”
“You have more fun with him.”
A nightmare. Of course there had to be a nightmare. Of course the only way to finish a crappy day was by having a nightmare. Of course he had to have a nightmare on that particular day, where he was feeling awfully and involuntarily Little. Of course he was 'lucky' that way.
“I’ll never comment anything about it,” Steve promised, meaning it.
daddy, and he didn’t want him to baby anyone but him. It was stupid and illogical, but Tony couldn't bring himself to care right now.
Nevertheless, Steve couldn’t really say it had been a bad night. Quite the opposite, actually.
That weird feeling increased when Tony was made to walk behind Steve, as impossible as Tony knew it was, Steve looked somehow bigger than usual when looked from that perspective, making Tony feel even smaller.
“But I’m telling you I don’t want to. I changed my mind. Let go of me!” Tony mentally cursed the serum, why did Steve have to be so strong? Tony couldn’t even move an inch away from him, especially now that Steve had put the diaper aside with the intention of using both hands to handle him.
“Keep looking,” Phil ordered as he turned his head towards him, choking a grunt when he saw all the books that had previously been in the bookcase spread on the floor around Clint.
Knowing Tony, Steve could bet that he hadn’t really wanted to give it up, that it had rather been an impulse he’d gotten due to an idea that occurred to him; a reason that, based on previous experience, would make no sense to anybody but Tony. Chances were he’d been struggling, having conflicting thoughts about all this, deciding whether to do what he thought was the correct thing to do or what he wanted to do, and the events from yesterday had been just the last straw.
“So am I,” Tony assured, “Have you ever touched his hair? It’s literally and figuratively not from this world! I’ve been trying to talk him into starring a shampoo commercial, and last time he almost agreed, but Jane didn’t let him.” Steve couldn’t help chortling.
"Then why are you looking away?" Steve pointed out, and Tony wasn't even aware he was doing that. Although he couldn't make himself turn his head to look at him either. "Tony," Steve called him with that tone of voice that served as a warning sign.
Sorry for the long wait, besides the fact that I've been busy and my mind has been a total mess over the last weeks, I experienced some sort of writer's block with this story in particular. I guess you'll be able to tell just by seeing how short this chapter was.
“Hey,” Steve greeted once Tony was brave enough to glimpse at him. If he noticed and minded the several inches Tony had decided to leave between them when he flopped down onto the sofa, he commented nothing about it, though the way he pursed his lips indicated he’d already begun wondering what Tony was up to.
“Yes, yes, of course,” Tony said, clueless about that test JARVIS was talking about.
“Tony, do you want me to be your daddy?” Steve asked bluntly. He could be too straightforward when he wanted to.
"No?" Steve echoed, a confused look on his face. "Is there something wrong?" Tony shook his head effusively. "Why did you say
That made Tony feel more anxious, because he could clearly picture Steve doing that, and Tony had no idea how he was supposed to act if there was actually a playground. Would he be able to have fun and play on the swings and other equipment Steve had assembled, or would he feel too self-conscious of the fact he wasn’t a real kid and he shouldn’t be acting like one? Would Steve get disappointed if the latter happened?
“Catching up.”
“Hey,” Clint greeted as the doors opened, hands stuffed in his pockets. “I was wondering if you wanted to hang out,” he proposed, “I’m kind of bored.”
Due to their lifestyles, Steve and Tony spent too much time away from each other. They knew that would be something they would have to deal with when they started dating, and it hadn’t been much of an issue yet. If one day they felt like seeing the other and one of them was away, a video call solved the problem. Nevertheless, Tony was sure a call wouldn’t be enough for his little side. Steve seemed to be the world for his little counterpart, he craved for Steve’s cuddles, praises, care and attention, and the mere thought of falling into his littlespace without Steve being around gave Tony goosebumps.
Tony stared at him for a couple of seconds, and when Steve thought he might refuse, Tony rolled his eyes and agree. “OK,”
- - - -
"I’m touched by your concern, but don’t worry, I won't die of starvation." Steve chuckled as he sat down on the floor in front of the door. Tony glared at him.
? Tony shuddered at the thought of him saying that. It would be too embarrassing.
____________
To be fair, I didn't update the last two weeks not because I was playing KH3, but because I've been having a lot of work and I just couldn't get around to it >_<. And I'm quite still busy, so I don't promise to update next week either, but not for the lack of trying, I promise :p
Peevishly, Tony walked up to the couch and flopped down onto it, curling into a little ball. Being rude to JARVIS always left a nasty taste in his mouth, and that was the last thing he needed right now. However, if he apologized, JARVIS might feel the right to advise him and Tony was not in the mood for that. He just didn't want to hear anybody, not when his mind was a total mess.
Those things were something that should have been of little importance too, and Steve was certain he wouldn’t even have noticed them if he hadn’t started spending so much time in that room. But without being able to help it, he found himself constantly wondering how those things were happening, and after giving it a lot of thought, the only assumption his mind could come to was that somebody was sleeping there. Somebody who smelled just like Tony, because when Steve removed the blanket and pulled the sheets to smell them, Tony’s unmistakable scent was all over them – who else could make motor oil smell so appealing?
“What was it, sweetheart? I didn’t get that,” Steve mocked.
It was time to look for another exit, Tony decided, kicking and hitting the door clearly wasn’t working. Damn Steve for dragging him all of a sudden, he hadn’t been able to take his Iron Man remote, otherwise he would have destroyed the door very easily. He looked around and cursed himself for not having any other exit built, but how would he have known that he would end up being locked in here. Not even in his craziest dreams he’d imagine this situation happening. But good thing he was a genius, he just had to focus on finding another route of escape. A shame that his concentration was failing amazingly for the last previous hours.
- - - -
Steve felt fairly relieved when he pulled up Clint’s t-shirt and the area where he had been kicked was just slightly reddened, almost imperceptible. Clint was resilient indeed. The reason why he kept crying could be due to the fact he was feeling little and Phil wasn’t around – if Phil had been, Steve was sure Clint would have told on him to Phil as soon as he kicked him – so Steve stayed right there and waited patiently for him to calm down.
What if Steve got mad at him? He had been more enthusiastic about the whole teddy-bear-thing than him. What it he finally got sick of him? Steve had been very patient with him, putting up with a lot of his bad moods and rudeness, because even if Tony denied it, he knew he could be a total brat when he was caught between his two headspaces. In spite of that, Steve was always there, acting like a mother hen when Tony craved comfort, not hesitating to have a firm hand when necessary, though. Tony might push him away most of the times, but Steve remained there, patiently waiting for him to ease his panicked thoughts and give in.
“Eat that one, and then you take a bigger one, the biggest one if you want,” Steve said, and he knew any suggestion he made was going to be rejected when Clint shook his head forcefully. Steve sighed again. “Go. Go and get another one,” he conceded, not really understanding why the size of the slice mattered, but not willing to deal with a crying toddler either.
“Where is he?” Steve said, his mind still unsure of what to do. If Clint just wanted to hang out, Steve would just need to explain him the situation and suggest to postpone whatever it was what he wanted to do for another day. Steve couldn’t go anywhere until he knew in what mindset Tony was, and having Clint there when Tony woke up didn’t seem to be a good idea either.
“I will,” Tony promised.
Steve was a terrible babysitter.
That couldn’t be faked.
“Tony?” Steve asked, rolling over so he could face him. The arc reactor illuminated the room, and Steve could see Tony raising his leg to take his right feet in his left hand, wincing. “Are you OK?” he asked, sitting up.
“Not talking about anyone or anything anymore,” Tony said as he tried to stand up, but Steve pulled him down.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you all for your comments and I promise I'll try to update sooner.
to be mad at Steve. It made him feel uneasy, cranky and, just unhappy. If they couldn’t spend too much time together per se – battles to fight, work to do, SHIELD stuff to deal with, creations to develop, volunteer work to offer to do, deadlines to meet – having an argument made it much worst. It deprived him of the possibility of stopping whatever he was doing to go and steal a kiss from Steve just because he had felt like to.
That’d be too damn embarrassing.
“I won’t have an accident, I promise,” Clint said. Steve doubted it. This was one of the rare occasions when Clint was behaving littler than usual, and when that happened, it was almost impossible for him to control his bladder. Steve didn’t want to deal with a fussy and cranky Clint for having wet his pants, especially when he still hadn’t figured out what he was going to do once Tony woke up.
“It wasn’t that,” Tony claimed, turning around and heading towards the door.
Anyway, I went to Comicx some days ago (a restaurant with a comic-book theme) and I just was so happy eating in a place like that (I had Ironman and Dummy behind me XD) and I just felt like writing again.
“Yes, playing. I had a lot of fun, thank you,” Steve said, a genuine smile decorating his face.
," Tony said as he pointed at the fork Steve held in front of Tony’s face. "I can feed myself, you know."
“I guess me wearing tutus wouldn’t be a very nice picture, I draw a lot in my free time, though.”
__________________
This time, Tony did whine, and he would’ve hidden his face behind Raawry if Steve hadn’t stopped him from doing so.
“What are you going to do?” Phil asked, snapping him out of his stupor.
“It’s not,” Tony stated.
Please let me know if you saw any mistakes :D
(See the end of the chapter for
From then on, Steve had encouraged him to continue calling him like that, which wasn't very easy either. Tony could feel his face on fire every time he pronounced that word, his brain stubbornly refused to accept there was nothing wrong with that.
“Don’t worry sweetheart, Clint’s not going to laugh, he’s wearing a diaper too,” Steve whispered in Tony’s ear, stroking his stomach affectionately. Tony let out another sob and pull back up his jeans when Steve tried to pull them down.
Unlike Steve’s patience, Tony’s was practically non-existent. When Tony saw the other man open his mouth in order to ask him the same exact question again, his anger clouded his judgment and silenced the internal voice that was telling him no to do what he did. Tony threw a punch at Steve’s face as hard as he could. Obviously Steve didn’t even flinch, while Tony let himself fall onto the floor, holding his wrist with the other hand, a grimace on his face.
Getting the feeling he wasn’t supposed to be there, Steve thought about turning around and leaving. But the stupefaction apparently messed up his brain and made it send wrong messages to his body, because instead of leaving, Steve went deep into the living room, standing a few inches in front of them.
“Well, technically, I’m older than you,” Steve observed, and he internally hesitated whether to say or not what he uttered next. “I’m old enough to be your daddy,” he joked, making sure the last word didn’t sound like an innuendo or anything like that. He paid close attention to Tony’s reaction to it.
So far, all play dates had been pretty much the same. Steve retrieved Tony from his workshop, fed him, bath him, and right after Steve put a diaper on him, Tony went on ashamed mode. Steve had to spend a lot of time coaxing him to stop hiding behind whatever Tony had gotten his hands on. And that only last for a few minutes, because Tony would latch onto him as soon as he had the opportunity, so tightly that there was no way Steve could detach Tony from him without feeling remorseful.
"Well, excuse me, but my brain has way more important things to think about than what furniture is in the room." There it was, "there are even some people who wears the same style of clothes everyday so they don't have to waste time or energy on things that are futile and irrelevant, and… oh! For fuck’s sake! Wipe that look off your face!” Tony exclaimed, looking annoyed.
“C’mon, let’s get something to eat and then we can cuddle as much as you want,” Steve suggested, pressing a kiss against his hair.
Tony vacillated for a moment, but only because he didn’t want to seem too eager, and when he nodded shyly, Steve patted his thighs encouragingly. Tony stared at Steve’s legs. He stared at Steve. Then, he stared back at the legs. Why didn’t Steve just leaned forward and lifted him to place him on his lap like he began doing after they started age playing? Tony didn’t know, though he actually didn’t care much about it right now.
After hesitating for a moment, Steve bridged the distance between them with quiet light steps. He considered making his presence known first, but ended up deciding against it. What if Tony bolted as he had earlier? Besides the fact that Steve was in no condition to chase him all around the tower, he didn’t want to wait any longer to settle this. Tony needed to be consoled, and then, they needed to have a very serious conversation.
“I want–,”
"Hey Tony, shhhh, Tony. It's OK kiddo. It's OK. We can get another one whenever you want. I’ll give you another one, I promise."
“Tony, baby,” Steve called, left hand caressing Tony’s belly gently, “it’s time to wake up sweetheart.” Tony stirred slightly under the touch, but he gave no signs of opening his eyes any time soon.
“I know it’s difficult kiddo, but you have to try it sometime. It’ll be easier sooner or later. I promise,” Steve guaranteed, still holding the ice with his free hand.
"No, I haven't finished yet,” Tony deny, making it obvious he didn’t appreciate having been interrupted. “At first I thought somebody else had used the tablet, I couldn't figure out why you'd look for such things," Tony proceeded, his voice calm, though Steve could tell it was false composure. "But then I remembered how weird you've been acting and then everything just made sense."
Yes, there was no way Tony could fake this.
“Of course I’m not OK, I just stubbed my stupid pinky toe!” Tony complained, too melodramatically in Steve’s opinion. He had seen him take way more awful blows during battle, but whenever he hit himself like this, Tony loved to overreact. Perhaps because Steve tended to get all worried about him, overreacting too, to a point where he even offered to kiss it better. Tony claimed he didn’t like it, but when Steve pressed several kisses to whatever part of his body Tony had hurt, that expression of contentment in his face couldn’t be mistaken.
But if Steve was intentionally pushing Tony out of his comfort zone, he also made sure to reassure and praise Tony every time he did something childish, however insignificant it was. Calling him 'daddy' always earned Tony some cuddles and kisses, drinking from a bottle was always accompanied by praises, and so on. Steve wanted Tony to link good feelings with every experience, since he was certain that would help him to eventually become totally comfortable with all this – the way Tony shyly smiled every time he was told he was a good boy was proof of that.
When Steve removed the towel and made him lay down, Tony felt the blood rushing to his cheeks. It was stupid, Steve had seen him naked hundreds of times, Tony was even sure Steve knew some parts of his body better than himself, so he couldn’t understand why he was feeling this embarrassed. Even so, Tony groped for a pillow and buried his face into it as soon as he found it. He just couldn’t face Steve right now, not when he was busy unfolding the diaper that he would soon put on him.
On the verge of a panic attack, Tony did his best to climb out of the crib, but the headache and the lightheaded he got for having stood up very fast caused him to lose his balance, and he ended up hitting the ground with a thud – and no, in that moment, Tony definitely did
Steve’s knees felt shaky when he focused his eyes on the screen and saw what looked like a porn website – he had the misfortune of being able to recognize them pretty well – but not a normal one, but one whose theme was undoubtedly related to Age Play, as the girls on the main page were wearing childish attires as well as diapers. Hadn’t he closed all the windows he opened when he was looking for the information he wanted to share with Tony? He was pretty sure he had.
“It can wait.” His voice sounded as if he was trying very hard no to show his partner that he was getting into his nerves.
“Wait, don’t you think it’s time for you to take a break?” Steve suggested, sounding serious. The large bags under Tony’s eyes were too dark and protuberant to ignore. Convincing Tony to follow a regular work schedule was something that Steve didn’t even bother to do anymore, since it fell on deaf ears, but what he would never stop doing would be talk Tony into calling it a day when it was obvious he had overworked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Could Steve be in the kitchen? Maybe he had gotten hungry and had gone to fix himself a sandwich of something, or a bottle for him. Should he go and look for Steve, or should he stay on the bed and wait for him to return? Tony stared at the door for several minutes, and couldn’t help feeling a bit mortified. What was the matter with him? Why couldn’t he make up his mind whether to leave the room or not? The kitchen was just some feet away, he could perfectly get out of the bed and walk there.
“There where?” Steve asked, positioning Tony in the middle of the room, right where he could have a look at everything there was there.
“Well, he kind of does. Again, I understand, I mean,
“Come here,” Steve asked, holding out his hand. Tony stared at it doubtfully. “Come,” Steve insisted, stretching his arm as much as he could without standing up.
An idea, it always started with an idea. Every time Tony got an idea, no matter how small or brief it seemed to be, it usually ended up taking over his brain, impossible to eradicate, slowly developing until it was fully formed and was there to stay.
On movie nights, Steve was usually the one who got to choose the film – after all, he was the one who needed to catch up. He started to pick movies which were increasingly less violent and not appropriate for all ages, eventually choosing animated ones. Clint complained at the beginning, arguing their lives were too chaotic to be able to really enjoy apple-pie and happily-ever-after-ending movies, but soon he got so engaged in the film that Coulson had to ask him not to sit down so close to the TV.
Tony grunted loudly as he collapsed onto the couch. It was no use. No matter how much he had tried, Steve just didn’t get it.
“Look! It’s just like a bed,” Tony said to his brain, which would have been a bit odd if it hadn’t been for the fact that he considered his brain an entity apart from him, due to how much they seemed to differ in everything sometimes, “it has a bed frame, a box spring and a mattress, just like beds do, there’s no difference with this bed and the one there’s in the bedroom, so there’s no reason why you can’t sleep in the other one,” he explained, frustration in his voice, because there was no way he was going to make his brain believe something he was well aware it was a lie.
Well, as promised, this chapter was longer :p
But what if Steve was right and Tony was feeling ‘little’ for real? He had read everything there was about headspaces on the Internet, though he didn't pretend to know what a little headspace was like. Perhaps he was starting to feel ‘little’ without realizing it. That would certainly explain the meltdown he had just had, the unfounded fear he had experienced and the tremendous need of having Steve around. That would certainly give sense to everything.
Despite the fact that Steve knew perfectly well Clint was an adult in the full sense of the word, seeing him there, sitting cross-legged on the bed holding very tightly to his chest what seemed to be a dragon stuffed animal while he tried so hard to hold his tears back, Steve’s heart melted immediately and his brain failed to see Clint as nothing but a small frightened kid.
Although Tony tried to think nothing of it, he couldn’t help noticing how often Steve hung out with Clint. Of course that was nothing out of the ordinary, Steve started to spent time with Clint way before Tony and he began dating. And, to be honest, Tony couldn’t even tell if Steve was spending more, less or the same amount of time with Clint than prior their fight, though that wasn’t really the point of the issue. What intrigued Tony was what Steve and Clint were doing when being together.
It had already started to get dark outside. Around four hours had passed since Steve had left, and Tony hadn’t seen hide nor hair of him. Not even a phone call or an instant message. How many freaking reports hadn’t Clint made? Tony felt more and more nervous with every passing minute. At this rate, JARVIS might kick him out of his own workshop if he continued losing focus.
Okay, this was supposed to be a little bit longer, but it would've taken me more time to update. The conversation is not over, there are some other things they still need to talk about, so, that's gonna be in the next chapter.
“But...”
“You were supposed to move!” Tony told Steve, trying to glared at him, but failing immensely when a stabbing pain hit him one more time.
For the last days, Steve had been looking on the Internet for the perfect items to finish furnishing the room, and with the help of JARVIS, he had placed the order. To his amazement, everything had arrived in just a day, and Steve had waited for Tony to leave the tower to go to a meeting to start putting everything together, wanting to be a surprise for him. He was looking forward to seeing Tony’s expression when he saw his new nursery, he would surely love it.
“JARVIS, is Tony coming to this room without letting me know?” Steve asked, hands still holding the dinosaur printed sheet, face looking up.
It must have been a fluke, another way life found to mess up with his head, because it seemed illogical to think a crib could keep the nightmares away when nothing and nobody else had, not even Steve’s presence had managed to do that, at least not entirely. Chances were that Tony wouldn’t have dreamed that night regardless of where he had slept, perhaps the alcohol had prevented his brain to create bad dreams, or maybe he’d slept too deeply to be able to dream at all. Everything had been a random and unlucky turn of events, a cruel joke of destiny, and Tony was going to prove that to himself. He was going to sleep in the freaking crib once more, he was
“Well, I don’t have my cell phone anymore. Are you ready to put aside your book and pay attention to me?” Tony asked a bit crankily.
“Only when I make sure it’s not really necessary,” Steve conceded, making Clint’s eyes snapped open as he was clearly not expecting him to agree to such request.
Tony had been aware of his Little side from a very early age. Back then he didn’t even realize what it was, he just thought that the uneasy feeling he had in his stomach whenever he saw a kid being taken care of and loved by his or her parents was jealousy. His parents never gave him that kind of love and care, and he craved it. He needed it.
“I d-don’t like i-it in he-ere, wa-wanna go,” Clint admitted before throwing himself onto the floor, starting to cry freely. Steve attempted to lean over and reach for him, but Tony stopped him by pulling his shirt.
Steve sighed heavily before smiling in a way that was everything but happy, “we still suck at communicating, don’t we, JARVIS?”
If Tony wanted to learn how to play, he figured the only thing he needed to do was to find the correct toy. Steve wouldn’t mind if he played with big boys’ toys, would he? Tony got the feeling that, as long as he didn’t refuse to wear diapers, drink from a bottle or let himself being pampered and babied, Steve wouldn’t mind.
“I am what, baby?” Steve encouraged, rubbing his thumb against his baby's tummy.
However, now that he had experienced that headspace himself, he realized his theory had been mistaken. Tony was well aware of what was happening. He knew he was drinking from bottles, he knew he was wearing clothes that weren’t meant for adults, he knew he was using diapers, the only difference was that Tony didn’t really care about that anymore, he didn’t get mortified as he did when they had just started age playing. Every now and then Tony could feel his adult self trying to take over, still struggling to come to terms with all this, but a cuddle or a praise from Steve was enough to help Tony settle back.
"Wow, I thought I'll have to drag you out of the workshop so we could have lunch together," Steve declared when he saw Tony stepping out of the elevator walking towards him.
“What?”
Tony was willing to give Age Play a try. OK, no, ‘willing’ wasn’t the most accurate term. He
“It’s OK sweetheart, I’m gonna hurry so you can go back to sleep.” Steve tried to move Tony’s hand away, but Tony didn’t let that happen.
“You just what?”
Before Tony could do anything about it, Steve had stood up with him in his arms. Like the last time, Tony did his best impression of an octopus and embraced Steve with all his limbs, face well hidden in the crook of his neck.
Tony did. It would definitely take much more to finish Steve off for good. Getting smashed the way he had been was probably the equivalent of a normal person breaking a leg or an arm: serious but nothing to panic about. If Tony was pacing a hole in the floor, worried and full of guilt, it wasn’t only because Steve had gotten hurt, but also because it had been his fault.
Anyway, let me know what you think :). And please point me out any horrible mistakes you'd seen u.u
That look. Tony knew
There was a part of him, his naïve side, that made him believe the more time he spent time in the nursery, the highest the possibility there would be that, one day, Tony would have no other choice but to go inside, looking for him, and that somehow the room would cause him the same feeling of longing and harmony it caused to Steve, provoking him rethink things. And maybe, just maybe, Tony would change his mind.
“But-”
It had been a long month, and the fact that he’d been injured hadn’t had nothing to do with that. Steve had finally gotten his baby back, and it’d been a bittersweet irony to not being able to interact with him at will as he’d been used to, especially when it was clear Tony was craving for it too.
“It’s good to know you’re aware of that,” Steve exclaimed, “but that’s a topic for another day,” he hurried to say when Tony opened his mouth to argue, “I know there’s always a reasoning behind your actions, and if you believe things would do more good than harm, you won’t hesitate to do them even if you have to sacrifice something in the process. The problem is your reasoning is not completely right sometimes, and I’m afraid you don’t always realize that.” Tony’s moue deepened at that. “So, Tony, baby, please, I need to know what happened, I need to know what led you made that decision. If I see reason in it, I promise I won’t say anything about it anymore.”
When Tony nodded, Steve proceeded, “Thank you, sweetheart, you have no idea of how happy I am to be your daddy again. But you know, if we’re going to keep doing this, I want us to do it correctly,” he informed, earning a wary look from Tony. “So far I’ve led you through this because you weren’t sure about what you wanted. I took a lot of liberties because I wanted to show you that there was no limit on what you could have, what we could do, or how far we could take this. But I think you’ve experienced enough to know now what you really like and what you don’t.”
“Sir’s in the guestroom,” JARVIS informed as if the A.I. had read Steve’s mind.
After taking a moment to cuddle his baby, Steve took a few steps to his left and set him down on his feet right in front of the bathroom. Tony looked up at him confused.
“I know you said you weren’t feeling little right now, but, how about taking a nap with your daddy? I promise I won’t stop you from going to your workshop when you wake up,” Steve suggested, suddenly in the mood of hanging with little Tony.
“I… I don’t… don’t know,” Tony mumbled.
“You sat on my lap long before we started age playing,” Steve said, rubbing his thumb against his abdomen. Tony squirmed a little. “So?”
And If that hadn’t been enough, when it was time to change Tony, he had refused too. Clint might not mind getting changed in front of Tony, but Tony did.
“Maybe you won’t, but I think it’s better if you let me put it on,” Phil suggested as he kneeled in front of him. Getting down at Tony’s level was essential if Phil didn’t want to make Tony feel more uncomfortable than he already was.
Damn.
The chest toys, the reading corner as well as the changing table were still there, but now there was a crib instead of a bed – with a dinosaur mobile over it –  a teddy bear bigger than him next to it, a playpen in lieu of the foam mat and a highchair in the middle of the room which Steve planned on taking to the kitchen only when Tony used it. Steve had even purchased a car-shape bed for Clint, just in case it was necessary to babysit him.
However, it's a short chapter, but I guess I'll keep them like that because if I don't, I know it will take me longer to update.
- - - -
“Wait for me here, buddy,” Phil ordered as he pushed Clint gently to the bed until he sat down on it. A huge pout appeared on Clint's face, but Phil couldn't sense any intention of disobeying.
Thank you so much for your comments and kudos, they truly make my day. I promise I'll try to update sooner this time.
“I said I have to finish this ASAP and I intend to do that, so if you please excuse me, I’ve got work to do.”
“But you have to,” Tony insisted, his body tensing.
Seeing Clint on Steve’s lap had been too much. Besides the fact that Steve hadn’t seemed to notice Tony’s presence because of that until the incident happened, having to soothe Clint was something Tony found terribly outrageous. Steve was the one who had gotten injured, why did he have to be comforting Clint? If anything, Steve should’ve been the one who needed reassuring. Yes, Clint had clearly been Little, and considering how attached his Little self was to Steve, it’d been perfectly normal for him to get that overwhelmed. With or without pain, Steve would never ignore a frantic team member, especially if the person in question was in such vulnerable mindset. None of them had done anything wrong.
The first spank fell almost immediately, causing him to yelp in surprise. He was expecting Steve to start lecturing him as he usually did -clearly this wasn’t the first time he found himself lying across his lap- but he didn't. The second spank was delivered right after the first one, and then the third one, and the fourth one. Tony failed to chock back a whine, even if he wasn't a fan of lectures, they helped him to focus on something else than the swats, and that somehow helped him to get through the whole situation in a more dignified way, for Steve’s voice avoid his brain to just concentrate on the pain and the stingy sensation on his butt.
"I know sir, but as I said earlier, your instructions were very specific and clear. And if I may say sir, you haven't finished.” And with this, Steve couldn't help to chuckle once more, earning another glare from Tony.
"Aha!" Tony exclaimed when he found his tablet. "Under the bed? Really? Really?" He said to no one, shocked by where Steve had left his tablet. Tony was already visualizing the conversation he would have with Steve to complain about how careless he had been with his things, when he remembered why it had ended there. A couple of days ago, it had been a pretty wild night. A dork smile appeared on Tony’s face as he remembered it. Well, Tony would let it pass just this time.
"What are we having?"
Rearranging the pillows behind him, Tony looked for a more comfortable position and focused on the browser he had just opened, trying to keep his mind occupied so he wouldn’t fall asleep. He might not want to go back to work yet, but he did need to finish some things before going to bed today. The newest technological advances was the topic he usually liked to read online, and today was not different. Seeing how some of the latest creations were far behind his gave him some kind of pleasure.
"Because it's just not right!" Tony insisted, sitting down again and grabbing his head with his hands, an overwhelming sensation of frustration and anger taking over him.
First, there was the fact that Tony had no idea how to go into his littlespace at will. According to comments he had read on the Internet, there were certain triggers that helped people to get into it more easily, like playing with toys, watching cartoons, wearing diapers, building a blanket and pillow fort, being baby-talked, but it was clear that those things didn’t trigger anything in Tony. He had tried.
“Yes!” Tony exclaimed, thumb finally sliding out.
____________
“No, careful,” Tony assured, still pointing at the sippy cup, “that.”
Allowing himself to suck on his thumb, Tony snuggled up to Steve and closed his eyes. Tomorrow he would deal with this whole situation. Tomorrow he would check JARVIS’ code. Tomorrow he would talk to Steve about minding his own business. Tomorrow he would hear that inner voice that told him how wrong this was. Yes, tomorrow he would face reality. Tomorrow, because right now Tony would let himself enjoy the moment.
Saw any horrible spelling or grammar mistake? Please, let me know :)
“OK,” Tony agreed, and he couldn’t help smiling shyly when Steve grinned happily.
That had changed when Steve’s attempts to get Tony into Age Play started. In the couple of times Tony had fallen asleep there during that period, Steve had scooped him off the couch and balanced him on his hip like if Tony was a child. Tony had been more asleep than awake those times so he wasn’t completely sure, but he swore Steve had even bounced him a little before putting him down on the bed.
event, the one Tony had been trying not to think too much about with very little success; the one that had made him rethink a lot of things; the one that had made him realize that, the more he waited to put an end to this situation, the more Steve would put up a fight, as he was evidently growing fonder and fonder of Tony’s little self. If Tony wanted to keep this whole age play situation from going further without repercussions, it had to be now.
Steve crouched down beside him, “don’t you think it’s a daddy’s job to provide his baby with toys?” he asked, lips curling in that condescending smile he always wore when he was in what Tony came to recognize as his ‘daddy mode’. “Why did you buy them?” he insisted after a few seconds, once it was obvious Tony wasn’t going to answer the previous question. Tony shrugged. “Not in a talking mood?” Tony shook his head, earning a sigh from Steve. “Okay, I guess we’ll have to clean this up in silence.”
In a universe where everything worked out the way Tony wanted, Steve would have approached him to pull him off the chair and made him sit down on his lap. Tony would have stayed there happily and allowed Steve feed him with some of his salad, even if he really didn’t like the taste of steamed vegetables.
Tony’s flush deepened as he wiggled his hips. That was all Steve needed to understand what the problem was.
“Tony?... Hey, Tony?... Are you OK?... Tony, answer to me… JARVIS, what’s wrong with him? Should I call a doctor?” Steve asked when he saw him breathing faster than normal.
All of a sudden, Tony’s chest tightened to the point where breathing was becoming almost impossible, something that turned to be fairly painful when the sobs caught in his throat began demanding to be let loose, and the attempts of his lungs to expand to get more air didn't yield results. Tears started welling up in his eyes, and the mixture of a blurry vision and chocking sensation made Tony dizzy. He needed to calm down and think things through. He wasn't going to allow himself to lose it over something like that. If those things ended up happening, Tony was going to man up, suck it up, and deal with the consequences in a dignified manner.
“I see. Don’t worry, I’m more than happy to look after him,” Steve offered, already getting up from the couch.
I already started the next chapter, so I hope I can update soon.
Saw any mistakes? Please let me know :)
“I know, but that book’s not here, it’s downstairs,” Phil alleged.
“No, of course I do! It’s quite comforting to wake up in the middle of the night and hear you snoring from the other side of the bed,” Steve said seriously, but the smile making itself known in the corners of his mouth let Tony know he was mocking him. He roared with laughter when another pillow was thrown at him.
“I need to go to the bathroom,” Tony blurted slurringly, straightening up so fast that Steve barely had time to tighten his grip on his waist.
Ignoring Clint’s weak groans, Steve slid his hands under his armpits and scooped him up. Clint squirmed slightly at first, not happy with having been taken out of his hideout, but soon Steve’s rocking and patting calmed him down.
“I’m afraid any of your pants would fit over the pull-up, buddy,” Phil stated, and by Tony’s expression, he could tell Tony hadn’t liked hearing that.
Phil couldn’t help feeling a bit stupid for not putting two and two together sooner; after all, he had seen Clint rushing through a room to get to the bathroom several times, just as Tony had done. By the time he had gotten up from the floor and gone into the bathroom, it had been too late. Even if Phil had found Tony struggling to unbutton his jeans, the wet spot on them that went from his crotch to all the way down his legs, as well as the relatively small puddle surrounding him, were an undisputable proof that he had already lost control of his bladder.
“I promised to buy a pizza and that’s what I’m doing, but if you keep interrupting me, I’ll never finish ordering it,” Steve scolded. Clint leaned over the counter, arms folded over it to cushion his chin, murmuring something about Steve being a liar.
“Let’s make a deal, I’ll read a chapter, if you don’t like it at all, I’ll stop and we’ll do anything you want,” Steve suggested, giving him an encouraging squeeze.
By the time Steve reached the rocking chair, Clint had empty most of the contents of the chests and was now sitting in the middle of a pool of toys, deciding which of them he should play with first. Steve sighed while he sat down on the rocking chair with Tony on his lap, already thinking about the cleanup. It would undoubtedly be hard to get Clint to help him put everything away once he had finished playing; if Tony didn’t like tidying up, Clint disliked it even more.
But of course, Clint ended up knocking over the glass of juice.
“This is the last time I’m gonna tell you this: Next time you interrupt me to offer me a fucking toast, I will disassemble you and I will throw your parts at a junk yard, got it?” Tony said, glaring at DUM-E WHICH kept shoving his arm with a plate. DUM-E got away looking as downcast as a robot could look.
“I strongly suggest a break, Sir, perhaps spending some time with Captain Rogers will avoid you the inconvenience of having to sign everything all over again.”
“You haven’t come to bed for at least three days in a row,” Steve reported, trying to keep a serious face.
Somehow Steve managed to settle Tony on his lap, while continuing to soothe him. He put an arm around his waist, a hand tenderly rubbing his stomach –he had noticed that this particular gesture comforted him. When Tony finally calmed down, Steve waited a little while longer before asking him what happened. He wished he had waited more, though, because his little one whimpered as soon as he did, huge and hot tears falling freely from his eyes.
At the beginning, Tony doubted he would be able to get into such a state of mind, but the more Steve and he age played, the more Tony wondered if he was already slipping into a ‘little headspace’ without realizing it. There were certain clues that made Tony believe that, like the fact he felt inexplicably small when Steve began using terms of endearment and baby talk; or he didn’t feel like talking and preferred to use signs and gestures to communicate; or that he was more than okay with letting Steve do most things for him when he usually preferred to be self-sufficient. Also, there was the fact that Tony experienced an inexplicable uneasiness when he woke up and Steve was nowhere to be seen.
behind with them. “I’ll come get you.”
“I… no-nothing.” Tony stuttered, realizing how futile this was. He turned around and walked a few steps away, but Steve was faster and placed himself in front of Tony to stop him from leaving.
“Now let’s go to the kitchen to start making the pizza,” Steve propose. After giving Tony’s hair another ruffle, he turned on his heels and began marching towards the door, only stopping when he heard his baby whined for him. “What is it sweetheart? You don’t want pizza anymore?” he questioned when he saw Tony hadn’t moved an inch. “You can choose the toppings.” Tony bit his lower lip, squirmed hard and then, he opened his mouth as if to say something, but no words leave his mouth. “What is it, baby?”
- - - -
Drawing his knees up to his chest, Tony tried to control himself. He was in the tower, in his workshop, and there was no threat nearby – the alarm to assemble hadn’t gone off – so there was no reason to be as afraid as he was. If he had gone to bed when JARVIS had informed him he had been awake for more than thirty-nine hours, this wouldn’t be happening. He would have woken up in his bed this morning, and if he had still had a nightmare, daddy would have been there next to him ready to comfort him.
“Yes, you do. He’s very open-minded, I think he’ll give it a try at least if you ask,” Phil commented when Steve failed to say anything, ruffling Clint’s hair, making him whine.
That plan was flawless. It would surely work.
So, instead of making any changes to the nursery, Steve kept it intact, and he began spending more time there to assuage his remorse of owning a room that was going to waste. It was true that the nursery made him feel very nostalgic, but it also brought a sense of peace and calm he couldn’t describe. Whenever he was stressed out or in a bad mood – which lately seemed to happen pretty often – he would take one of his sketchbooks, go inside that room, settle in the reading corner and start drawing in order to ease his mind, imagining he was just there to kill time while Tony napped in his crib. Some other times he only hung out there, or tidied the room up, or even spent the night there sporadically, when Tony was going to be away.
There was no worse thing than having to think being moody, exhausted, sore, hungry and during a battle against his own mind, and just because he couldn’t decide which of his two headspaces should let take over, just because his reason and his desire couldn’t come to an agreement. Half of him wanted to get out of this, while the other half wanted to stand up and snuggle against Steve.
Ten minutes later, Steve was glad he kept insisting, because Tony got up from his lap and waddled towards the corner of the room where Clint was. Two minutes more, and Steve wished he hadn't done that. Of all the things he could have imagined Tony doing, snatching the Lego bricks bucket Clint was about to begin playing with was absolutely not one of them.
"Yes, I am. I just don't agree," Steve answered, shrugging.
Lost in thought, Tony realized they had reached the bedroom until Steve was putting him down on the bed. And just when Tony was thinking about loosing up a little, his body stiffened abruptly upon seeing what was laying right beside him: a diaper. A cars patterned diaper that looked too big to fit a child.
“I won’t,” Clint promised, his mouth curving into a triumphant smile.
“No!” Clint yelled from the vent.
“I don’t know, I’ve been wanting to read this book but some time now, JARVIS showed me this website were people comment about books, and this one has very good reviews,” Steve commented, sounding serious. “I got interested in it just by reading the synopsis.”
“It doesn’t always turn out well,” Tony pointed out, and soon after a thoughtful frown joined his eyebrows together, maybe as a result of realizing that statement didn’t help him that much. Luckily for him, Steve had no intention of discussing that subject, at least for now.
“OK, that’s enough for now,” Steve informed, pressing a kiss on Tony’s temple at the same time he reached for the fork he had put away minutes ago. “Open up,” he ordered as he held it up in front of his face once more.
“I… I don’t need th-them.” he mumbled as he ducked his head and looked at his hands, making eye-contact was something Tony couldn’t bring himself to do right now.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s wrong with Dummy?” Steve faked naivety.
. Also, you bathed me the other night,” Tony recalled.
“Well, then we need to talk about it and come to a mutual agreement,” Steve explained before dropping a kiss onto his cheek. Tony leaned in closer, clearly enjoying the display of affection. “So?”
“Well, he was feeling littler than normal, so I didn’t want him to have an accident and pull-ups can’t hold as much as diapers do.” Phil answered, although his explanation only managed to baffled Steve more.
Tony bowed his head and shook it almost immediately, a blush sweeping up his face, so intense it was visible even if his face was somehow hidden.
“Whatcha doing?” Tony asked, his voice wavering between high and low in spite of himself.
“I don’t know you, but I think you’ve been a pretty good and brave boy today,” Steve praised. He felt tempted to bend over and pick his baby up in order to give him some well-deserved cuddles, but he opened his arms instead. Tony went a little dazed by that action at first, though, in a matter of seconds, Steve had him curled again his chest. “I think you’ve earned a prize for being so well-behaved. What about if we have pizza for lunch? We can make if from scratch. You can help Daddy mix the dough.”
“So, how about we get on with the assignment, sweetheart?” Steve suggested, and he was a little taken aback when, instead of whining or pouting as expected, his baby flushed. “What is it, baby?”
“How could I leave knowing my baby boy needs me?” Steve interrupted him, “No, I couldn’t do that. I’ll explain Phil later what happened, but right now I’m going to help you change into something more comfortable and we’re going to bed. You need to sleep,” he said, causing Tony to blush. He didn’t have to be a genius to know what kind of clothes Steve considered comfortable in a situation like this one.
Making pizza from scratch had been a wonderful idea. Messy, but still wonderful. Once Tony had gotten over the fact that it was okay to manhandle the food with his hands and that the mess which resulted from it wasn’t a big deal, he started to have fun with the process. He giggled in delight during all the time he kneaded the dough, apparently enjoying the sensation of burying his fingers in it as well as squeezing it; and when it was time to sprinkle the toppings, well, he’d gotten a bit too creative.
You did not raise me. Tony bit his tongue so he didn’t say that out loud.
“Let’s get on with it,” Tony told to himself as he got off the couch. If he hurried, he might be able to finish checking all the toys by the end of the day.
The problem arose when Tony's schedule cleared up a little, because then he had time to think and realize how high his stress level had gotten over the last three weeks and how nice it would be to have a 'little' break.
“It’s okay, baby boy, as I said, it’s just not in my plans to leave you. I’m afraid you’re stuck with me for a very long time, sweetheart,” he threatened jokingly, earning a smile from Tony. “But you know, I’d really like to know how you came up with that idea.” That comment made Tony’s body go rigid once more. “I know, honey, I know,” he hurried to say before his baby could refute anything, “Daddy’s being a bit obnoxious today, but if I did do something that made you think such a thing, well, I need to know so I don’t make that mistake again.”
Hesitating, Steve agreed and made his way to Clint’s floor, anxiety taking over him as he didn’t know exactly what to expect or how to behave. In broad outline, Phil had explained him what this age play situation was like, but he hadn’t really gone into details, and Steve hadn’t asked anything either. Would Clint be himself with the only difference that he’d be wearing a childish attire? Or would he be just as a child was? Would he remember everything related to his adult self or would Steve have to pretend they didn’t know each other and treat him like any adult would treat a child?
“It looks icky.”
If you saw any mistakes, please let me know :)
The more Steve thought about it, the more it seemed that was the reason and the more enthusiastic he became. Even so, he didn't dare to do anything about it. No matter how much he wished to reach for Tony and sat him on his lap to ask him and clear his doubts, he didn't. What if everything was a product of his imagination? What if his desire for babying Tony was making him see things that weren't really there? Tony would undoubtedly get livid if that was the case and he brought the topic up, and Steve was afraid another fight would have more serious consequences after what had happened.
Steve felt awful. Little Clint might be mischievous, but he had never handled been scolded very well. Hurrying to his side, Steve lifted him off the chair without hesitation and placed him on his lap once he had sat on a chair that wasn’t wet. Clint wriggled a little, but an arm around his waist was enough to keep him in place. “It’s okay kiddo, it was an accident,” he soothed.
(See the end of the chapter for
At the beginning, Tony had taken as an excuse Steve’s state for delaying age playing, the man had had two broken ribs and a dislocated elbow among other injuries, so it wouldn’t have been fair for Tony to demand being looked after when Steve had so much trouble moving. The day they’d amended things between them, Tony had stayed in his little headspace until after midnight, and recalling how complicated it had been for Steve just to change his diaper deterred Tony from wanting to be Little.
“Oh, yeah, thanks,” Tony babbled as turned off the faucet and shook his hands to remove the excess water, drying them off on his pants. Steve gave him a disapproving look while he headed quickly to the table.
“I don’t care, I’m leaving so you can continue with your book,” Tony snapped, struggling to get rid of Steve’s grip, but the only thing he managed was making Steve pulled him more until he ended up sitting on his lap, trapped in his embrace. “I’m starting to think you have a thing for having me on your lap,” Tony insinuated, not attempting to get away anymore, but continuing glaring at him.
Phil had taken a look at Tony's throat and nothing seemed wrong with it, though the fever indicated an infection could develop, so Phil figured it was better to have Tony rest as much as possible. Persuading Tony to stay in bed wasn't easy, especially when Clint kept insisting on going downstairs to get the unfinished book Phil had promised to read him. Tony had make it clear that he was willing to go with them, just an excuse for not remaining lie down. In the middle of the argument, JARVIS offered to get a digital version of it and transferred it to his phone, and Phil could have kissed him for doing that if it had been possible. Phil was able to keep both Clint and Tony entertained with the story for some time, until Tony’s fever got worse.
And Tony didn’t know whether it was because Steve was taller and broader than him, or because of his current position, or because of the word Steve had just articulated, but all of a sudden, Tony felt incredibly small and unable to give verbal answers, so he just nodded shyly. Steve didn’t hesitate to hug him, and Tony couldn’t have been gladder for that, since he could literary feel his face turning red.
Steve had been a bit hesitant at the beginning whether he should go this far or not. Tony hadn’t exactly been thrilled when he turned the room into a playroom, and Steve was afraid Tony would refuse to go inside if the room got more childish. But after the events from a couple of weeks ago, Steve thought there wouldn’t be any problem now.
“Answer me, please Tony, you’re worrying me. What happened? Are you hurt?” Steve asked, concern in his voice.
Steve wasn’t going to deny there was a small part of him that was thrilled to find Tony in this particular room, but it was also true that he would’ve liked this to happen under very different circumstances.
“Let’s go and have some dinner. I’m starving” Steve said, without stopping smiling.
“I know kiddo, I promise I’ll play with you as soon as Tony finishes his juice,” Steve had promised, without knowing it would take Tony a suspicious amount of time to do that. And when the juice was finally all gone, Tony claimed he was still thirsty.
It took him around an hour to calm him down. And it was mostly because Tony got run down from all the crying and ended up falling asleep in his lap. Steve stayed right there for several minutes longer, afraid that Tony would wake up if he moved an inch. He didn’t mind, though. He loved it when Tony fell asleep like that, allowing him to look at the peaceful expression, which he usually wore after throwing a huge tantrum.
“You really don’t get it, do you?” Tony snapped, not refraining his face from showing how angry he was anymore, “For someone who’s always saying communication is the most important thing in a relationship, you sure can be very manipulative and evasive when it’s
“Hey Tony, why are you…” Steve didn’t finish the question, freezing at the sight of the scene in front of him. “My God, what happened in here?” he asked, shocked, looking at the mess. Steve laid his eyes on Tony and approached him right away, afraid that he was hurt or something, given the fact that he was hyperventilating and his lips were starting to look blue-ish. “Tony, buddy, what happened, are you all right?” Steve demanded as he kneeled in front of him.
Phil pressed a kiss against Clint's forehead before heading to the closet, his mind already trying to figure out what the best way to coax Tony out of there would be. He would need to be very careful if he didn't want to scare Tony away. According to Steve, Tony was still struggling with all the age play thing, so it was highly probable that Tony wouldn’t be thrilled to be around an adult who wasn’t his daddy.
Although what caught Tony’s attention was not the way Clint had acted, but the way Steve had. How patiently he had treated Clint. How lovingly. How he hadn’t reacted in a bad way when Clint refused to sit down at the table. How he had managed get Clint to help him clearing the table by turning the task into a competition.  How he had entertained Clint until Phil finally showed up. How he had put up with Clint’s bratty behavior without looking frustrated or annoyed in the slightest. How natural this seemed to be for Steve. How this daddy role suited him.
“I’m sorry sweetheart, but I have to check on Clint,” Steve apologized, patting his bottom. Tony always grunted when he did that, though Steve was sure Tony found those pats comforting.
“Done,” Tony murmured.
“You don’t like it?” Steve asked, even more confused now.
“Is there something wrong, baby?” Steve questioned, sensing Tony’s reluctance. Tony shook his head hesitatingly.
“I do,” Tony responded, certain that a nod wouldn’t suffice this time, a verbal answer was required.
"Come on, sweetheart, open up," Steve pleaded, moving closer the fork he was holding up in front of Tony's face. Tony shook his head, and hid his face against Steve’s chest. "They're chicken nuggets, you like chicken nuggets, don't you?" Tony shook his head once more, lying.
“I’m hungry,” Tony said. No matter how much he’d like to continue with the cuddles, his stomach had started to demand food a bit loudly. All the running from his workshop to the guest room had whetted his appetite.
“What I want to say is that Clint doesn’t need to wear diapers, he doesn’t even like wearing pull-ups, he doesn’t need you to feed him or carry him, and he doesn’t need to sleep in a crib. You and I know he behaves a bit younger than he is every now and then, but even during those occasions he doesn’t like to be treated like a baby,” Phil explained.
When Tony began doing things like getting all cuddly and clingy, sucking his thumb in apparent obliviousness and slipping the word ‘daddy’ here and there, Steve just smiled at him fondly – but knowingly – ruffled his hair affectionately, and continued doing whatever he’d been doing without commenting anything on the matter. Even the night Tony decided to take things perhaps a bit too far and wet the bed on purpose, Steve didn’t take the bait. He helped Tony to get into the shower, got rid of the soiled sheets and retrieved some new ones, made sure to comfort Tony but without making a big deal out of it, kissed him goodnight, and went back to sleep as if nothing had happened.
Tony clung to Steve’s t-shirt as if his life depended on it, and if Steve tried to get away, Tony would wake up and get restless all over again. As a result, Steve had to stay with him throughout the night, which shouldn’t have posed any particular problem, except that Steve had considered a good idea to climb into the crib with Tony, afraid his baby would flee or just wander around without Steve knowing if they slept in their bed. Had Steve known he would end up sharing the crib with Tony, he would’ve bought a bigger one. The lack of space to move freely hadn’t helped his current condition.
After being finally able to put on some clothes on Clint, Phil dragged him back to the nursery, only to find out that Tony had lost control of his bladder once more, and this time it took Phil almost an hour to coax him out of under the bed.
"His slice is bigger!" Clint accused, pointing at Tony's plate.
If you saw any mistakes, please let me know :)
,” Tony clarified, spreading his arms out to his sides.
However, more time also increased the likelihood of bailing out, as the more Tony procrastinated things the harder it was for him to actually do them – that was why those thirty minutes he promised would be the last ones he’d spend in the workshop always ended up turning into hours or even days. Besides, Steve had always claimed he preferred to spend time with him than doing anything else, and he didn’t like it when Tony avoided hanging out with him just because he didn’t want to be a bothersome.
His baby moaned one more time, and pulled out his finger just enough to say, “you.”
“I... I need–,” Tony trailed off.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Captain Rogers, the pizza’s arrived,” JARVIS announced, in the exact moment in which Steve was driving himself crazy trying to decide who he should comfort first.
For what he had experienced with Clint, Phil knew littles disliked finding themselves all alone and without their daddies or an adult around. Clint used to cry a lot whenever he slipped into his headspace and Phil wasn’t around, and he wouldn’t stop crying until Phil showed up. That used to devastate Phil enormously, so, when Steve found out about the fact that they were into age play, and showed no signs of being troubled by babysitting, Phil couldn’t have felt more relieved. Now, if Clint needed to spend some time as little, Phil could count on Steve to be there for him if Phil wasn’t.
Tony played with his hands a bit before answering quietly, “no.”
Why did his mind insisted on calling Steve daddy?
In spite of himself, Tony frequently wondered how it would be like. How it would be like to have a father who truly worried about him, who cared about his wellbeing and happiness, who gave preference to his needs and likes, who could be completely trusted. How it would be to let himself be a kid, because Tony had to face it, he was never really given that chance. And yes, he was aware of the fact that he wasn’t a kid anymore, and Steve was the furthest thing of being a father, but, that was the whole point of roleplaying, wasn’t it? Pretending to be someone you weren’t in real life, and Age Play was just that, a form of roleplaying.
As a reward for continuing being such a brave boy, Steve offered to read him a story, suggestion that was more than well-received. The fact that it was just an excuse to put Tony down for a nap didn’t need to be informed, nor did the idea of taking advantage of the situation to present Tony with an opportunity of making another choice: whether to drink from a bottle while he listened to Daddy or not. After some squirming and blushing, his baby decided for the former, and he even admitted he liked it when the bottle was held for him – something that turned out to be quite difficult while holding a baby in his arms and the book he was reading, but Steve managed.
Daddy. Again that term.
Steve scratched his right temple, a thoughtful expression on his face. It was no secret for Clint and Phil that Tony had ended up agreeing to age play with him, and Tony was aware of the fact that they both knew. Even though, Steve doubted Tony would be thrilled if either of them showed up in their private floor while he was currently in bed, wearing only a diaper and a onesie.
“Then, why are you assuming I am?”
“Does my baby need a change?” Steve asked as he stepped into the room, startling Tony. That question was not meant to embarrass Tony or nothing of the sort. Steve hoped the tone of his voice was able to show him that, since he was trying to sound as affectionate and understanding as possible.
Still indecisive, Phil took a step forward and realized he would need to make fast decisions and act more quickly if he didn’t want this whole situation to be out of his hands. Even though Tony was clearly torn up for having wet his pants, he didn’t hesitate to run out of the bathroom right past him.
“Yes, baby,” Steve disagreed, patting Tony’s bottom over the diaper. It needed to be changed.
“Tony, this is the third glass you drink, you can’t possibly be still thirsty,” Steve uttered when Tony demanded a fourth refill.
“A gift?” Tony questioned, voice surprised.
"Tony?" Steve called with a drowsy voice, propping himself up on his elbows. Damn timing! Why had he woken up just now? Tony hadn't even had time to register what had just happened. "What’s the matter? What are you doing there?" he said, reaching for the lamp on the nightstand and turning it on. Tony felt his face heating up, his diaper would surely look different now that it was soaked, and Steve would definitely notice that.
“I know, and before you imply it, I’m not trying to get you into playing today. I really feel like watching a movie that doesn’t have guns, violence or a complex dialogue in it,” Steve assured, trying that the expression on his face looked as honest as possible. It was true that sometimes he helped Tony to go into his littlespace by making us of childish things, like watching animated movies, but that wasn’t something he had planned on doing right now.
So the crying hadn’t caused the hoarse voice either.
“Actually, I’m just starting the last chapter, I’ll lend you the book as soon as I’m done,” Steve promised.
Eventually, Clint found out that Steve had discovered about the age play thing.
“I wasn’t in a mood for reading,” Steve explained, turning the page.
There was a long pause, where Steve opened his mouth with the intention of saying something, but sighing heavily and rolling his eyes, he decided just to let this go and walk to the kitchen. He really didn’t want to lose his temper right now, and he was actually really hungry.
It was not surprising that Tony got hooked by the story, up to the point of asking Steve to keep reading way pass the chapter he was initially going to read. Tony even got angry when Steve proposed stopping to get to sleep, so he continued reading it several minutes after Tony’s breathing evened out and went completely limp, asleep.
The goofy smiled reappeared on Steve's face as he tickled Tony some more on his way to the kitchen. Things were definitely good, and as Steve saw it, they were in the point where everything could just get better.
“But I don’t like it,” Clint complained, kicking his legs one more time.
Stupid, stupid, stupid. Tony couldn’t find another word to describe himself right now. Steve was bedridden and wounded because of him, and the only thing Tony could think of doing was to make a scene like the one he’d done. What the hell was wrong with him? He should’ve apologized to Steve, he should’ve asked how Steve was, he should’ve found out what Steve’s injures were, he should’ve done something to make Steve feel better, but he didn’t. Instead, Tony went and hurt Steve even more, because shoving off Clint of Steve’s lap the way he had when they were hugging must have put some pressure over Steve’s wounds.
Sparring, watching TV, having lunch, playing video games, Tony had always known there wasn’t any mystery on what they did. Steve wasn’t really known for liking to do thrilling things, and even if Clint liked to go crazy every now and then, Tony was sure Steve kept him in line. But that was before Tony found out about Age Play, and before he knew Clint was into it.
“Yes, Tony. It was,” Steve remarked as he squeezed Tony’s arm gently. “I won’t let you blame yourself for something that was definitely not your fault.”
“What?!” Steve expressed in a high-pitched voice.
“Well, I bought some cheeseburgers, what if we eat them before you go back to your workshop?” Steve suggested on his way to the kitchen. It would be nice for once not to have to talk Tony into coming upstairs for dinner. “They taste better when they’re not reheated,” he commented, taking the burgers out of the bags.
But worse of all, if Steve had known about it already, he may have noticed all the slips Tony had had when he had forced himself to stay in his adult mindset for a long time. Steve may have seen Tony putting down his hand when he was about to suck his thumb unconsciously. When he got all jumpy due to the annoying vulnerability and insecurity that took control of him. Steve may have realized how the leaned more than necessary to any kind of touch. And what about the time Tony had fallen asleep due to exhaustion on a stool in his workshop and he had woken up with wet pants, Steve had gone down to see if he was interested in hanging out with the team for bonding. Tony had been pretty sure Steve hadn't really noticed the wet spot on his pants – they were black after all, and by the time Steve had shown up in his workshop, they had almost dried off – but now he wasn't that sure.
How thrilling it was to see his baby selecting the crib! Steve had assumed for a while that the crib had been one of the things that had broken the camel’s back, and he regretted having taken things that far to the point he was going to get rid of pretty much every babyish item he’d acquired. Therefore, it felt really good to know Steve hadn’t been that amiss.
Well, let's just say that Phil will never doubt Steve when he says looking after little Clint and Tony at the same time is more than tiring.
Tony’s hand twisted nervously into the sheets, unsure of what to do. Why had he shouted like that? What was he supposed to do now? Should he tell Steve what was really going on inside his head, or should he keep hoping Steve eventually get what his intentions were? He couldn’t, not right now. Besides the fact he hadn’t really thought about what to say, Steve had to go and check on Clint.
Without further ado, Steve slid his hands under Tony’s armpits and scooped him up, enjoying how his baby curled into him. “Do you like it when Daddy carries you?” he asked, because Tony hadn’t exactly said so, and Steve still refused to let even this slide. Tony nodded. “I want a verbal answer, sweetpea,” he ordered as he gave the baby a loving pat on his diapered bottom, making him whine. “So?”
“I’m OK, relax,” Tony replied a bit grumpily. He appreciated Steve’s concern, though it sometimes was a little annoying too. Tony might not be as strong as Steve, but he wasn’t a weakling either.
Phil fought back the urge of taking his phone out of his pocket and snap a picture of the trio that was sleeping on the bed. Steve lay in the middle of the bed with Tony snuggled against him using his chest as a pillow, and Clint was curled up on the other side, in a way that told Phil he had been reluctant to go to bed. Phil smiled fondly at the thought of Clint fussing, he didn’t like taking naps, but he sure needed them when he was little.
There was a little voice in his head that told Tony he shouldn’t be too harsh on himself for how he had acted. The blame for his behavior could be put on the fact that there had been no way for him to be in his right mind after how emotionally affected he had been. A lot of time had passed since the last time Tony had experience such strong negative emotions, so, it was perfectly understandable that he had reacted like that.
“I thought we were getting cookies,” Steve commented, and the word ‘cookies’ was all Clint needed to forget about the diaper.
“You know it wasn’t your fault, don’t you?” Natasha asked, her face crinkling in annoyance. So much for being comforting only a few minutes ago. “These things tend to happen, it comes with the job.”
After that event, after those couple of days he had spent under the care of Phil, his head had been a wreck. Those days had been embarrassing, it would take Tony a lot of time to be able to face Phil without setting his cheeks on fire – though, for that to happen, Tony needed to stop avoiding him first. Nevertheless, excruciating wasn’t exactly the word Tony would use to describe the whole experience, but terrifying. Tony had been terrified.
The only thing he knew was that he was running out of time for two reasons: one, Tony was getting increasingly skeptical and he didn’t fall completely for his excuses anymore – Steve could tell Tony knew there was something beyond those reasons he proclaimed, though he couldn’t put his finger on what it was. And two, Steve’s conscious couldn’t take it anymore. Steve couldn’t shake the feeling he was somehow lying to Tony, because, even if he did mean it when he said he was treating Tony like he was just for the sake of it, Tony’s hunches were right, there was something else.
Tony huffed as he sprawled out on his back on the floor, staring blankly at the roof. Why couldn't he do things correctly?
Afraid Tony wouldn’t let go of him, Steve sat down on the edge of the bathtub. Maybe if he was sitting down, he could manage to shift Tony to one of his knees and settle Clint on the other. Tony’s face did screw up like he might start crying when was rearranged, but thankfully, he said nothing and just hid his face in the crook of Steve’s neck.
“You need what, baby?"
“About the age play,” Phil said, and Steve couldn’t help feeling a bit annoyed. The more Phil said, the less he understood. He shook his head. “Man, I thought you knew, I mean, you two spending a lot of time together and everything. I thought he had mentioned it or something,” he babbled, clearly mortified, “And even if he hadn’t commented you anything, he isn’t precisely discreet about it, you know, sometimes his behavior goes further than just being a man child, I thought you had figured it out by now or at least I thought you had an idea of it. I mean, you’re here, he knows you come and go as you like, he would’ve asked JARVIS not to let anyone in whenever he was little if you hadn’t already known and he didn’t want you to find out,” he declared, speaking tensely and faster than usual.
Steve smiled sympathetically, kissed Tony on the forehead and pushed him gently to the bed until Tony lay down on it. Of course Tony would be embarrassed to be changed in front of Clint, but what other choice did Steve have? Sending Clint away was definitely not an option, Clint never lost the opportunity to make a mischief when he was left alone. And not diapering Tony seemed like a bad idea too; Steve was sure Tony still used the diapers at will, but what if today was the day when he had an accident for the first time? He was sure it would be more mortifying for Tony to wet his pants in front of Clint instead of wearing a diaper.
“I’m hungry, daddy,” Tony said. Steve’s eyes snapped wide open in bewilderment.
“JARVIS, can you tell mister liar here that I don’t snore,” Tony asked, folding his arms over his chest.
“No,” Tony kept denying. Steve pressed a kiss to his temple, not wanting him to get the wrong idea of him being mad.
It had been until the movie that Steve had gotten JARVIS to play sounded interesting enough that Tony decided to look at the screen in front of them. That had been the moment when Tony had seen the bottle laying all innocently on the coffee table, and after a little while, Steve had leaned over to reach for it.
So many questions were giving him a headache. Tony just wanted Steve to stop. He just wanted the get the hell out of there, because the more time he spent there, the more he wanted just to bend over and hug him, to bury his face on his chest, feel his arms around him and listen to his voice very close to his ear, murmuring reassuring things. And Steve must have read his thoughts, because before he could even react, he was settled on his lap again, only this time he wasn’t facing the floor. Immediately, he hid his face against Steve’s shoulder, and silently thanked when Steve spread his legs so his butt didn’t have to be the one supporting the weight his body.
“Don’t you like Clint?” Steve repeated, “Well, not Clint himself, I mean little Clint.”
“You were the one who punch me!” Steve defended himself, a little bit shocked because of what just happened.
“No, that one.”
“What?  You don’t want me to be here or what?” Tony snapped.
(See the end of the chapter for
After Phil told him everything that had happened, remorse had taken over Steve. The mere idea of imagining Tony being little, feeling bad, crying and calling for him made his heart twitch. He was supposed to be there for Tony. Always. He had made that promise. And now that Tony had needed him the most, Steve had failed him. He had failed
“Shut. Up.” Tony demanded straightaway, interrupting JARVIS.
Seriously, what was this sensation of feeling pretty small whenever Steve said the word
“Ask them to put chocolate inside the crust!” Clint said a bit too enthusiastically as he jumped up and down on the other side of the countertop.
This time, Tony got more fidgety. Little whines escaped him as he looked back and forth between Steve and the diapers, until his thumb headed to his mouth and began sucking hard, perhaps as an attempt to soothe himself.
“Why don’t you give it a try? I promise I won’t make you eat it if you don’t like it,” Phil proposed once Clint was standing in front of him, between his legs.
“You want to help me? You want to help me?!! There’s no way I’m going to deal with fucking psychologists again! I already know this is so fucked up, I don’t need a bunch of strangers telling me how disgusting I am, how abnormal this is! So, you can take your help and shove it up your ass!! I don’t need it!” Tony snapped, shrugging Steve’s hand from his shoulder not gently.
“Okay baby boy, I need you to tell daddy what you wanna wear,” Steve requested as he sat down on the edge of the bed, close to Tony. “You’re free to choose whatever you like, there’s no wrong or right choice in here, Daddy’s gonna be happy with whatever outfit you pick,” he explained, earning an edgy look from his baby, “and just because you decide to wear something in particular today, doesn’t mean that you won't be able to change later nor that you'd have to wear the same kind of clothes every time we have a playdate," he clarified, knowing perfectly well that would be one of Tony's main concerns.
“Or maybe I should turn you into a toaster,” Tony wondered out loud, ignoring his A.I. comments on purpose.
“You’ll feel more comfortable when you’re out of those icky clothes,” Steve commented, turning his head around to give him an encouraging smile. Tony didn’t quite smile back, just looked up at Steve with a mixed of shyness and anxiety. “Why don’t you go sit down on the bed and wait for daddy to fetch your clothes?” he suggested, already heading to said piece of furniture. Tony’s grip on his hand tightened and he shook his head slightly as he whined, though he didn’t put up much of a fight when Steve pushed him down gently onto the bed. “It’s okay sweetheart, I’ll be right there,” he soothed as he pointed at the closet.
“Uncle Steveeee,” Clint whined miserably. The jumping stopped, though he crossed his legs.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, I don't fucking care if you agree or don't. Just stop this bullshit!” How could Steve get into his nerves like this? How could Steve be like this situation was the most normal thing in the world? Tony just didn’t get it.
“What? Why? What happened? Is everything okay?” Phil questioned, a bit taken aback.
Having accidents was one of the things that usually made Clint cry.
The first time Tony tried to prevent Steve from pushing him into his Little headspace, he had done something inconceivable. His logic and common sense tended to fail when he was trapped between his adult and Little mindset, and his despair didn’t let him realize that. Tony had had the terrific idea of provoking Bruce to Hulk out to get Steve distracted. In spite of Bruce’s attempts to remain calm, it had worked. Hulk had destroyed many rooms of the Tower, and when he decided the Tower was boring, he had gone outside. Then, the Hulk had destroyed some buildings around the block and terrorized half of the population – fortunately, there hadn’t been any casualties, but still.
“Shhh, remember we have a deal, sweetie pie,” Steve reminded, earning a huge moue. “Besides, it’s not anything difficult. The only thing Daddy wants you to do is to go and touch three things in this room that you do want to keep,” he informed.
“Just one more thing,” Phil interrupted before Steve could hang up, “I don’t want to sound like an ass for asking you this, but… please give him some space if he doesn’t want to be around you. You don’t really have to babysit him, just keep him out of trouble.”
“I’m clean,” Clint whined, squirming while Steve tried to wipe his face, "I wanna watch the movie."
- - - - -
Shamefully, he never realized how dumb his ideas were when he was so exhausted.
“BECAUSE I LIKE THEM!” Tony snappedyelled.
pay her, not the other way around, and second, Pepper told me you didn’t have any deadline for anything, just paperwork you need to sign, which I’m pretty sure you weren’t doing down there,” Steve divulged.
Even though Steve was certain Tony was trying to be as silent as possible, he heard him since the moment he opened the door. Perhaps because he had been awake, perhaps because the serum had improved his hearing greatly, or perhaps because Tony’s mere presence disencumbered Steve, the knot in his chest uncurling a little.
Flopping down on the bed, Tony unblocked the tablet and started looking for the thing that had him searching for the gadget for more than thirty minutes – yes, he knew he should have asked JARVIS for its whereabouts way before – some sketches of an idea he had had in the middle of the night who knew when and he had forgotten to save. Good thing Steve never closed any apps Tony had left opened.
__________________
"Captain Rogers was doing some research some days ago in your bedroom, Sir," JARVIS informed him.
“And if you don’t?” Tony asked, sounding anxious. Perhaps he got the feeling Steve wouldn’t agree with him.
Because of that, Tony felt there was no need for him to pretend he was perfectly healthy anymore – Steve wouldn’t allow it anyway. He would never admit it, but he secretly loved being nursed back to health. If he had started hiding the fact that he was sick, it had only been because, after Jarvis had passed away, there was nobody who would take the trouble to look after him. Rhodey and Pepper had certainly cared for him a few times, but it wasn’t always possible due to their busy lives. And if Steve was willing to do it, well, Tony might as well enjoy it.
“You ever lie to me like that or try to manipulate me the way you did, and we’re done,” Tony threatened, the expression on his face showing how serious that promise was.
“I-I… I wa-want… want da-daddy,” Clint stuttered out, pulling the front of his t-shirt as much as he could, trying to cover his diaper.
However, Steve had ended up doing things differently. What if Tony changed his mind and backed out before getting the chance to experience the whole thing? Steve would have certainly felt disappointed, since he was sure that Tony would like it. It was better to get over and done with it. And fortunately, his plan worked.
After all the time they’d spent together, Tony still categorized him as ‘everybody’.
“Don’t you want to find out why this book caught my attention?” Steve asked while he placed the book on Tony’s lap in a way both of them could see it, looking for the page he had been reading before getting distracted.
The next time they had a play date, Tony was supposed to be the one who initiate it. That had been the agreement – or rather the imposition, because Tony was sure as hell he hadn’t really agreed to anything – that they had made that day. Up until now, Steve had been the one who nudged him into playing when he felt like it or when he suspected Tony might need it, as he was always good as spotting the signs; but now he refused to do that. If Tony wanted some Little quality time, he would have to go and ask for it.
“Oh, I will, in a couple of days,” Steve replied. Tony and he had this thing of giving each other some days to cool off every time they had a fight, both of them having agreed it wasn’t such a good idea to try to fix things when anger was talking for them. “But to tell you the true, I don’t really know what I’m going to say,” Steve confessed, rubbing the back of his neck with his right hand.
With both arms braced against of the back of the couch and an untouched book resting on his lap, Steve sat in front of the TV, eyes fixed on it. The loose t-shirt as well as the sweatpants he was wearing verified he planned on doing nothing but staying in, which meant Tony had no option but to proceed. Unless the alarm to assemble went off, that would give Tony the perfect excuse to postpone things for one more day. Unfortunately, even though he kept his ears well open for the next few minutes, no alarm was heard. Of course it wasn’t, why would destiny stop messing with him? Why would enemies work on a schedule that was convenient for him?
Coming up with a fake company problem or last-planned meeting wouldn’t work, Pepper didn’t think twice about telling the truth when Steve asked her if said problem or meeting was real or not. Hiding in his workshop wouldn’t work either, Steve didn’t beat around the bush anymore when his aim had to do with taking Tony out of there – Tony had already had the glass replaced at least three times. Faking illness would just make Steve get deeper into his caregiver mode, and that was what Tony was trying to avoid. Sneaking out or hiding in his room was out of option too, apparently JARVIS had a glitch that couldn’t be solved which made the A.I. close or open any door in a way that made impossible for Tony to avoid Steve.
“You’re–,”
____________
“OK, see you in an hour then!” Steve looked at Tony when he said this. Tony rolled his eyes boringly. He kept forcing his brain to think about something, but still nothing. Maybe if he jumped from the balcony, he...
Steve had been there indeed, and stayed there for most of the morning. He cooked breakfast – bananas, strawberries and waffles that were arranged in a way the plate seemed to have two ice-cream cones on it, plus a huge milkshake – and made sure Clint ate it, having to chase after him all over the living room before Steve finally managed to settle him on his lap and feed him. Apparently, Clint’s mischievous behavior increased considerably when being in what Tony had read was called Little headspace.
"It's okay baby, daddy's here," Steve coaxed, cupping the back of Tony's head. Tony hid his face in the crook of his neck, and felt relief when Steve continued walking until they were in front of the windows, not to the couch. "It's just Clint, he's feeling little too," he explained once he noticed the reason behind Tony's uneasiness.
By the time the night fell, Phil was exhausted. Tony’s fever had decreased considerably, though he had started to cough more often, complaining about having a sore throat. Clint had gotten fussier than ever, and demanded Phil’s total attention, making Phil suspect that he was feeling a little jealous. He drew on the walls instead of looking after Tony like Phil had asked him to do while he went to the kitchen to fix dinner. He made a complete mess when he ate, and Phil had to shower him for the second time that day. He ran all over the floor trying to prevent Phil from dressing him. It became very obvious that Clint was behaving that way to keep Phil away Tony, but Phil couldn't do that.
“Now it’s your turn, baby boy,” Steve announced, turning around to face Tony. Tony shook his head vehemently, and resisted a little when Steve placed both arms on his upper arms and guided him towards the edge of the bed. “No? Don’t you want daddy to help you change into something more comfortable?” he asked, Tony had never been reluctant to let himself being changed. Embarrassed, but not reluctant.
“'teve,” Tony called, breaking Steve’s train of thought. Shoot! He had gotten up to go and wash the dishes from the dinner, and he had gotten distracted watching Tony sleep.
Tony snapped awake, sitting up abruptly while gasping desperately for air, the sensation of choking on water still too present, almost tangible. One hand clutched the sheets tightly as the other reached his neck, clasping it, needing to verify there was nothing surrounding it, wanting to make sure no one would dunk his head in a barrel full of water all of a sudden, demanding his lungs to take in as much oxygen as possible just in case that happened again, anxiety increasing when his lungs refused to cooperate, as if they had forgotten how to function correctly.
“Is… is that the book about that military genius kid who’s training by playing with video games?” Tony recalled. That had been the book Steve had read to him before bed for a few nights. Their dispute happened before Tony got to know how it ended. Perhaps Steve would continue reading it to him if Tony pretended to be really curious about it.
But why was Tony acting like that? Steve tried to find the reason before bringing the topic up to Tony, as he was aware Tony didn’t really like talking about that, but he couldn’t understand why. He did get that some of the things Tony did were due to embarrassment. Tony might be in a stage where Steve could affirm he was comfortable with the age play, though things he normally did when there were only the two of them, were almost completely avoided when Clint was around. Therefore, he might be embarrassed by those things.
and the lack of sexual innuendo threw Tony off.
"Actually, I'm starving," Tony declared. The fact that he had been staring at the clock ever since JARVIS announced him Steve had started to cook, waiting for the hour Tony knew Steve usually finished, had nothing to do with the reason why he had decided to go upstairs before Steve went to retrieve him. Except that, it kind of did.
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?! Let go the fuck of me!” Tony said, kicking his legs, almost knocking over the table. Steve breathed heavily once more.
“… Te… Ted…” Tony managed to say between sobs.
“Me too,” Tony whispered back.
“Well, I’m sorry for multitasking,” Tony apologized phonily.
“Yes, you do.”
Without further delay, he kneeled down in front of Clint and pull him carefully into a hug. The least he wanted was to cause him more pain. Clint resisted for a moment before throwing his arms around Steve, hiding his face in the crook of his neck, choking back sobs.
“What you and Clint do, but you and me,” Tony blurted, eyes fixed on the floor like if it was the most marvelous thing he had ever seen. He didn’t want to see Steve’s reaction. Any sign Steve showed, no matter how insignificant it was, that he wasn’t willing to try Age Play out anymore was going to increased his embarrassment greatly.
And it really did. If Tony ate and rested as well and often as he was supposed to, Steve’s nerves would really appreciate it.
“Sorry kiddo, but your daddy hasn’t come back,” Steve apologized, feeling sorry for Clint. He enjoyed looking after him whenever Phil wasn't available, but no matter how much he tried to entertained him and make his stay a pleasant one, Steve knew he would never be able to replace Phil, his daddy.
“But there are not any pull-ups left.” It was true. Steve had gone downstairs to Clint’s and Phil’s floor and he hadn’t found any pull-ups. They must have run out, and Phil had been summoned to SHIELD before he had the opportunity to buy more.
But, would it be that bad? It wasn't like he was diapered everyday all the day, just when they had a play date, and sometimes those lasted a couple of hours, which meant he might not even want to go to the bathroom during that time. Tony had to try it first, if he didn't like it, he could always talk to Steve and tell him that was something he wasn't willing to do. Steve did push him, but he didn’t force him to do anything.
“Of course, I love playing with you,” Phil said before brushing a kiss over Clint’s shoulder. Clint squirmed a little.
"Yes, you already slept enough. Now, why don't we go and make your tummy happy by giving it some delicious pasta?" Steve suggested, stroking Tony’s back. Tony whined again while he curled up into a ball. "You can continue sleeping after you eat something."
Against all the odds, Tony had slipped into his little headspace while Steve was away, and to make things worse, he had been sick too. When Steve arrived home, on the following day, he had been surprised to find Phil in the playroom diapering Tony – or trying to do it, because Tony had been squirming and pushing him away so badly that Phil hadn’t been really achieving it. As soon as Tony spotted him, he ran towards him, threw himself into his arms, and he hadn’t let go for the next three days. Literally. He would cry if Steve got away from him for more than a couple of minutes.
(See the end of the chapter for
, carton included. Tony still remembered the morning he stepped into the kitchen and ran into the recycling bins Steve had bought to help everyone sort the garbage. It had been very difficult to implement the habit of recycling in the Tower, but Steve had that thing of making you felt guilty in a way for not doing the right thing, so everybody ended up agreeing.
“Yes, even if he’s still in his little headspace when he wakes up, I’m pretty sure he’ll snap out of it when he realizes he’s in a hospital,” Phil reassured as he waved Steve off.
First, there was the fact that Tony had slipped into that headspace unintentionally. Steve was usually the one who eased him into his Little mindset and Tony was okay with that, since he couldn’t really do it by himself. So, it had been quite a shock when he found himself going into that headspace without Steve being around, and even more shocking to realize that he couldn’t surface from it no matter how hard he tried.
A nursery. Steve had set up a nursery for him. That shouldn't have caught Tony by surprised, after all, Steve’s intention of what role he wanted Tony to play had always been clear. Turning their guest room into a playroom showed perfectly well that a nursery would eventually be the end result. Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t expecting it somehow. It was never a matter of whether it was going to happen or not, but rather of
Steve interrupted him right away. “No. If you want to talk, why don’t we talk about what happened there in medical,” he suggested, and even though Tony’s face was still half hidden, he could see how the color drained from it as well as how horror clouded his eyes at those words.
Steve chuckled slightly as he got up from the table. “Let’s train or something,” he suggested, not wanting to discuss the matter any longer so Clint didn’t feel uncomfortable or offended in no way.
The baby in his arms groaned a complaint.
Those and many other questions flooded Steve’s head as he walked throughout the living room, intentionally slower. His hand rested over the doorknob for several seconds before he brought himself to turn it, and all nervousness, discomfort and insecurity vanished as soon as he stepped into Clint’s bedroom and saw him.
“No, I haven’t broken your nose sir, my sensors tell me it’s perfectly fine.” Was that mock on the AI voice? Why do all the things he invented always turn against him?
“Shh, it’s okay sweetheart, daddy’s here,” Steve lulled, patting Tony on the butt a couple of times as he carefully leaned forward to grab Clint’s hand. Tony squealed slightly and tightened his embraced around Steve’s neck, surely afraid he might fall off his arms, but Steve’s grip was firm.
But, when he visualized the scene, instead of Clint’s and Phil’s faces, Steve could clearly see his and Tony’s.
“Yes, you do baby boy, come on, let daddy feed you,” Steve persisted. He nuzzled Tony’s head with his nose, and
Why couldn't he stop being a Little? Why couldn't he be a Little without all the remorse that that endured?
“FOR FUCK’S SAKE! JUST QUIT IT ALREADY!”
“Be quiet,” Phil asked, his index finger on his mouth gesturing silence. Though Steve couldn’t really think of anything to say to break the silence. He just stood there, next to the doorframe, trying to make sense of what he was watching. “He had a hard time trying to fall asleep,” he commented whispering, his hand stroking Clint’s hair gently.
“Me?” Steve asked, “Would you like Daddy to help you change?” Tony nodded almost inappreciably, clearly mortified. “What about the diaper? Would you like me to help with that too?” A second nod, and the blush, which had started to fade, was back in full force. “Alright, then.”
“What? Why? Is this because of the nursery? Was it too much? We don’t have to use it if you don’t want to, I can disassemble everything and return it,” Steve offered, not liking the way Tony shook his head.
After what seemed an eternity, Steve reached the nursery. He put a hand on the doorknob and pushed the door open, sensing how Tony’s body tensed behind him. For a moment, Steve was afraid his baby got all worked up and oppose to enter, though the most he resisted was walking a bit slower than he’d been doing so far.
If Tony was asked to describe what a little headspace was like, one of the first words that would come to his mind would be ‘disconcerting’.
“No,” Tony refused once more, though this time he sounded hesitant.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Clint, I’ve made you that dish hundreds of times and you always eat it. You love it.” Okay, maybe Phil was exaggerating that fact a little, Clint avoided vegetables as cats avoided water, but he would always end up eating them if Phil served them with something he really liked.
“I asked JARVIS,” Steve informed, smiling. Tony glared.
“So, sweetums, I need you to tell daddy which things you’d like keep doing and which ones you wouldn’t, so daddy can make the necessary changes.”
“Bought them,” Tony said, a blank expression still on his face. He had bought dozens of toys for nothing.
“They’re not diapers.” And he regretted saying that as soon as the words left his mouth.
Steve hadn’t really minded, urine was far from being the worst thing he’d had to deal with and he’d already known that accidents as well as other kind of incidents would become commonplace once Tony got used to his baby role. The problem was that Tony didn’t take it as well as Steve, and cleaning up an even fussier baby when you could use just one arm turned out to be utterly grueling.
