The faint but persistent headache that clung to the edges of Sherlock's skull was not at all made better when Gerald opened the car door smoothly for him, revealing his head of security sat comfortably in the back seat. Cheryl raised her gaze from her phone to give him a look that would have passed for casual disinterest if anyone else had been on the receiving end – but Sherlock read all of the warning and judgment in it very clearly.
"Tired," she sighed. "Really tired. And sad." She was appalled to feel tears prickling in her eyes and blinked them back rapidly. She was not going to cry in front of a café full of strangers. Sandra swiped quickly at her eyes and then cleared her throat. John gave her an understanding look. From anyone else, she might have resented it, but he knew what it felt like.
It could be nothing, Sherlock knew. Connections that appeared obvious were often nothing more than a shimmering deception; seemingly unrelated events or people could be linked by thin strands that stretched across the globe, contact after contact, important as threats or resources or opportunities.
to trust Sherlock, he told himself. He had to. At least to keep the promises he’d made to John after the drugs. And that meant trusting that whatever Sherlock was up to with Irene, he wouldn’t go down that path again.
"Shit," he sighed, catching Lestrade's attention. The DI followed John's gaze, noting the same thing, and pushed himself up. John swallowed on a comment that Lestrade shouldn't bother trying to go after her, and refocused, helping the paramedics shift Sherlock onto a stretcher.
"No one should be alone on Christmas," Sherlock echoed. John felt a sudden flare of guilt but saw a smile ghosting at the edges of Sherlock's lips – he was coming for John's sake, not his own.
unexpected was the sharp reduction in the size of the family Georges had never bothered with. There had been, at one point, another sister, the father, and the father's wife.
Sherlock set his jaw and kept his eyes closed for several seconds, then opened them and nodded again.
There it was, dated to several months after she’d seen him in Pakistan, innocuous to almost anyone – anyone but her, and John.
work. He'd seen Sherlock give it his all – literally – for a case. Jump off of a roof, fake his own death, live as a shadow for nine months, cut off from everyone he loved and everything he knew.
“Yes, it is,” Sherlock agreed. “It’s much harder to identify potential threats in London. Have you forgotten what happened to Jamie?”
John shut his notebook, then glanced toward the front of the store and frowned. He was silent for a moment, thinking, then asked:
"Everyone knows it anyway," John said with a grin and Sherlock rolled his eyes again. The doctor went back into the kitchen to put his plate in the sink and he heard Sherlock changing the channel to the BBC, which was something John could understand, at least.
A gasp tore from his lungs, burning his lips, as he wrenched his eyes open again. There was a moment of clarity, like sun streaming through a break in the clouds, and he could see them perfectly, his mind affixing labels to them, giving them identities they desperately needed and he already knew.
The word "hello" was written in block letters above a brief sketch of two houses, the style Sherlock recognized easily even now. Two squares each topped with a triangle for a roof, smaller squares for windows, rectangular doors and chimneys with a squiggle of smoke emerging from them.
John thought, scowling to himself before forcing his features to relax. With a few muttered curses, he sat up slowly and waited to see if the change would make him lightheaded.
A flash of memory blindsided Sherlock, a fuzzy recollection of his brother’s face, etched with exhaustion and worry, the first time Sherlock had regained consciousness enough in the military hospital in Afghanistan to register his presence.
"Pity," she sighed. "It's always the good looking ones. He'll be difficult to get close to, you know."
"Could be. Could be personal, too. I don't really want to start advertising the fact that he's here."
John glanced to his right and saw the message scrawled on the wall and a young woman not in uniform examining it carefully. She was also wearing gloves, and would occasionally raise a hand as if the touch the image but not actually do so. John frowned, then placed her.
Came home today to a seemingly empty house. It's always harder to tell in the summer, because I can't check and see if Sherlock's coat's missing. (By the way, Sherlock
"Remind me to tell you about the nurse interviews tomorrow morning," John murmured, voice barely reaching Sherlock through the comfortable haze of semi-consciousness.
Sherlock took himself downstairs, entrenching himself in the ground floor flat, where he had more room for his experiments, and could create caustic fumes without (too much) complaint. John had repeatedly mentioned the need to get a proper fume hood, although Sherlock hardly saw the point.
“He is, but he’s not the only person who could cause us problems, John. This isn’t about mistrusting you. It’s about not trusting anyone else not to see you as a target because of your relationship with me.”
“All the bloody time,” Bill replied. “Well, then anyway. Less now, because I’m glad all of that’s behind me. Why?” Bill smiled, a conspiratorial glint in his eyes. “You know something?”
The motivations behind that were understandable. He still wasn't thrilled about how it had turned out, but he understood the necessity. Right now, he didn't know what the reasons behind this case – if he could call it that – were.
John sat down on his side of the bed, putting the framed photograph beside him, angling it so that Sherlock could see it as well. Sherlock settled himself onto the bed, long legs stretched out, crossed at the ankle. Relaxed, but waiting. John pulled open the nightstand drawer on his side of the bed, fishing out two small vials, two syringes and a small piece of flexible rubber.
John had explained about that, how Mary had located and freed Alexandre and told him where Sherlock was, aware that he hadn’t done a particularly good job of keeping his tone neutral.
John's lips twitched when he sank into the seat, not quite a smile, more an acknowledgement, or almost a thanks.
He made a mental note to have Cheryl check into some options; it wouldn't do to discuss it before the meeting and therefore without all the facts and he was damned if he was going to give into her on-going silence.
There had been no decision beyond the obvious one – for John to ask and for Sherlock to say yes. There had been no choice of each other over family. There had been no pain, no loss, no unanswered questions.
, he corrected himself, watching the dark city slide by them outside the cab's windows. Benjamin Laurence, Arthur Kenton, and Kelsi Murray brought the count up to thirty. That they knew of.
John stared at him, brown eyes hard, something nearly hidden underneath, something Sherlock didn't have the chance to tease out before the doctor nodded once, curtly.
"He's doing it because he can, because he knows it's not enough information. Oh, very clever, indeed. The nursery rhyme, John. It's only the slightest variation on the version typically used in Canada – enough of a deviation to be what he thought he was hearing as a child when he learned it. And the guns – SIG 225s, oh yes. Used by the Canadian Military Police. Mycroft, this explains everything – the boot prints on the floor in Kenton's house, the confidence and skill with which he murders his victims, his ability to move undetected – he's ex-Canadian Special Forces."
He handed over all of the papers Sherlock had collected that went with each case. Sherlock would be angry about that when he woke up – or at least when he became aware enough to understand it – but John didn't care.
He wanted to say no, to push Sherlock down on the bed and remind him how good impatience could feel, but the touch of lips on his again stopped him, turned something off that he realized he didn't want anyway. The urgency drained away with the sense of time – there was no need to rush because there were no limits, no one coming to look for them, no other life, no lies.
"And what do you want me to do, Sherlock? Forget it? Get over it? It takes time. It took time the first time, too. You just never saw me at my worst then. You get to now." He shrugged dismissively. Sherlock found it an inappropriate topic to simply set aside.
No need to ask what that had been about – it had been pretty obvious by Sam's expression alone. John wondered what he should do, if anything. Sherlock was not exactly emotionally equipped to deal with this kind of thing. He wondered if a sulk was coming, but thought not; it wasn't simple anger that plagued his husband. John could recognize that helpless feeling etched across his face – he'd certainly felt it enough as a doctor and as a soldier. He knew the frustration behind not being able to solve a problem.
And it had worked. Veronique had no trouble identifying Sandra's appearance in Sam's life as a distinct turning point. Being at the wedding and seeing him there, grinning as he danced with his new wife, had made her think of the broken and terrified man in the hospital in Nice, unable to handle more than a single doctor and nurse at a time. She'd been immensely proud of him – this was the man she'd held on for, the one that had nearly been buried by his experiences.
a fitting instruction John. Two penthouses, one of them purchased outright by a Kuwaiti family who seem to have no connection to any of this, the other through a legal corporation on behalf of someone who doesn't appear to exist at all, although if I had the time, I could run it down to the person behind it. The woman behind it."
He should have known. He should have realized it ages ago. John had said as much when Sherlock had said he’d never been waiting for anything better to come along.
She stifled the irritation, refocusing on the file. Ten years ago, Sherlock Holmes was, for all intents and purposes, a healthy young man without any medical issues.
"You can't pin a twelve year old murder on him just because his fingerprint might partially match one found at the scene, even if you're desperate for leads. It's not even circumstantial."
The ripple of surprise was followed by the realization that he shouldn't be so surprised – it made sense, in retrospect, that she'd been the one to find them. She looked smarter, more urbane, without the search and rescue gear, transplanted effectively from the Welsh wilderness to central London's bustling streets. He wouldn't have looked twice at her here had he not known her, but he did, and all the little cues still gave off the same signals: single, recreational tennis player, from Cardiff.
"I had a shower then wanted a nap," Sherlock sniffed. "I didn't know this was reason enough to be assaulted in my own home."
"True," Hassard replied with a smile. "But there are some of us who appreciate quality, and you wouldn't believe the peer pressure among cops."
"Very nice," he murmured, and Sherlock groaned, squeezing his eyes shut and tipping his head back to suck in a desperate breath. John chuckled, raising his head slightly, lips skimming over the skin of Sherlock's neck. Goosebumps sprung up at the teasing touch, and John's quiet laughter made Sherlock whimper, hips tilting upward.
"Mycroft certainly thought so. He despised being forced to watch me while my parents were out. In large part because I always managed to elude him."
He crawled over, checking futilely for a pulse, noting the blue tinge on Sherlock's lips, the too-pale hue of his skin. Shaking his head frantically, John pulled off his pack and tilted Sherlock's head back with trembling hands. Trying to work calmly, he checked his husband's mouth for obstructions to his airway, then pressed the heels of his hands on Sherlock's sternum and started compressions.
"Sherlock," John admonished, and the detective wrenched his eyes open, breathing hard. "Better," John murmured, sliding his free hand across Sherlock's torso beneath the shirt, flexing his fingers just enough to drag his fingernails across bare skin.
jealous, but had never particularly been keen on coincidence like that; London was a big city and it wasn't common to simply run into people one knew.
He doubted they'd seen the last of her – despite her promise to Sherlock that they'd never see her again. It didn't have to be her, after all. The last time (two times if John counted Wales), it had been Bridget. It wasn't going to be her again; the police had had as much luck tracking her as they had Mary. Occasionally, John wondered where she was and vaguely hoped she was all right.
"Donovan. She said they were checking to see if anyone had reported me missing. A spouse, maybe. That's what this means, right?"
There was no unspoken invitation or expectation in John's tone, but Sherlock donned his pyjamas and helped his partner dismantle the fort without comment. He was relieved to see it go, but kept his expression neutral. He had no desire to put John further on the defensive, or to start a row about something so inane.
It was a decent day for it, at least; the drizzling rain – too light to do any real damage, particularly to Sherlock's hair and clothing – kept some of the crowds indoors, especially the tourists. Londoners occasionally sought shelter under their uniform black umbrellas as they scurried past, although most decided to forgo those in favour of easy navigation through the crowds.
The sound of the front door opening was like a gun shot, like adrenaline straight to the heart, half of Sherlock's mind working out how quickly he could get to his gun and if it was properly loaded in the split second before he registered – impossibly – John's tread on the floorboards below, the familiar sounds of a greeting being called out.
He picked up the tube of lube again but Sherlock took it from him quickly, spreading it on his own palms before slicking John up. John exhaled hard, closing his eyes, resting his forehead against Sherlock's, his hips twitching in time with the slow strokes. He gave a quiet whimper of his own when Sherlock pulled his hands away, biting his lower lip to try and contain the sound. When this didn't work, he leaned down to bite Sherlock's lower lip instead and settled his hands on Sherlock's hips. John eased himself in and Sherlock groaned softly, wrapping his legs around John's again and folding his arm's around the doctor's back. He dug his fingertips into John's muscles and John felt the faintly cool touch of Sherlock's wedding band, which he was wearing all the time again now. Of course the detective figured out immediately that the sensation caused a light shudder down John's spine and he splayed his left hand on John's back. John sighed, nuzzling Sherlock's neck, and settled them into an easy rhythm that they could hold for awhile.
“Do you think I don’t worry every goddamn day that your memory won’t come back fully? That you won’t be the way you used to be? Sherlock, for god’s sake, I
He waited; Sherlock's eyes darted away and down, defeat flickering over his features. Reluctantly, he released his grip enough to let John ease the pillow away, and the doctor felt his eyes go wide, muscles slackening with shock.
Gabriel gave her a smile and a nod, although he couldn't really relate; he'd been working for Sherlock his entire adult life, which had never left him with the need – or the opportunity, really – to have cheaper tastes.
He closed his eyes, fixing the most common version in his mind. A ring of roses, yes, that had been drawn on the letter, the one that was now spread out on the table above the book. And Laurence had been pushed down the stairs – "we all fall down", as John had said.
"St. Tom's just called," Morris clarified at the same instant the connection clicked in Donovan's mind. She nodded and reached for her phone.
Sherlock considered sleep himself – he wasn't tired, but the idea of crawling into bed next to a warm and pliable John was always appealing. The doctor was sound asleep upstairs in their bed, and, over the months, had grown used to Sherlock joining him at all hours. It no longer woke John up (unless Sherlock wanted it to), but the doctor developed the habit of curling himself around Sherlock in his sleep.
Sherlock nodded; he did indeed. He’d seen it so recently, the unease that spread, invisible as the wind, with the mere mention of Jim’s name. Three years hadn’t erased that altogether – it was unlikely that any amount of time would.
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, banishing the irritation. It had been plaguing him too much lately, and served no purpose other than to make him snappish. Gabriel had been right, too; Sherlock’s time would be eaten up by the plan for Janine Hawkins, and he needed to ensure that John did not become suspicious or feel neglected.
"Needs stitches," she said curtly when John stepped back into the scant privacy afforded by the curtain.
There was no answer about the letter. Mycroft could find out, but he had refused, insisting Sherlock leave it in the hands of the French authorities, that Sherlock not get involved – but he
"You're a doctor – and from what I gather, you've spent more time here than his actual doctors. Can you tell me how he is? Really?"
"He's stable," John said, repeating the information he'd given Harry as he crumbled up the last of the food wrappers. "We'll know more when we get the MRI results, and when he wakes up."
, he thought, aware that the clarity of thought might not last much longer. John reserved that particular phrase for when he wanted to take complete control, and Sherlock could feel the stern, piercing captain's glare behind him.
"That," Gabriel said, the control gone from his voice, replaced by something verging on vehemence, "was really, really bloody stupid, Sherlock.
"It doesn't make any sense!" John's protest cut through the sleeting deductions but Sherlock barely noticed; some small part of him always insisted on being aware of John and he'd realized ages ago it was better just to let it – it allowed the rest of his brain to focus on the problem. "Why would she take Mary's brother? What's the point?"
And there was more than John could see that he knew because he was a doctor. That much damage to the skeleton meant the internal organs were obliterated. Not that it would have mattered if they hadn't been. There was no surviving that.
There was a snort from Donovan, incompletely quelled by the hand covering her mouth, and Hassard gave Lestrade her best angelic smile – which he had to admit, was pretty damn good.
, when Lestrade had to leave early, shortly before John returned from work, Sherlock had a temporary reprieve in which he was by himself, was
And he'd put effort into their relationship, he really had. John was tired of meeting him more than halfway, but maybe Sherlock had never bothered because John had always been willing to accommodate him so much. Maybe Sherlock had never even realized what John was doing – maybe
He sank into his chair, watching as Sherlock redid the sofa enough to flop himself onto it, long legs sprawled in front of him, and somehow managing not to spill tea all over himself.
"He came in through the window after the security system had been disabled. No marks on the frame, nor is the screen ripped or broken, so he didn't a grappling hook, however, the tree outside is ideal for scaling and entering undetected. He took the time to remove the screen and replace it after leaving, which indicates he was confident in his work, quick but not rushed. He was wearing boots, something heavy, and given the size of the footprints – assuming he reflects the general trend and his foot length is approximately fifteen percent of his body height – he's five foot ten or five foot eleven. So, unless we're dealing with multiple men of the same height and skills, the same person who murdered Laurence."
"It's all right, it's all right," John said in that same not-John voice, dark eyes meeting his again but there was light in them, recognition, not as deep as John's, like an awareness on the surface, never seeing everything John
"He's killing members of a Parliamentary committee, Lestrade, and the less you know about that, the better. The men he's killed so far – there may be a reason he's choosing them in this particular order. You can stand here arguing with me or you can tidy this up and let me find him! I don't need to waste my time answering your questions – just do your job."
The sounds from outside were muted, kept deliberately faint by the solid structure and made even more so by quiet music in the background. Even now, ten years removed from the creative chaos of the theatre, she was never without the reminders – popular recordings and some more select ones that had been made only for cast members or, occasionally, only for her.
"Oh dear, no. She comes here when she can. Christmases, usually. I've never been happy with flying."
The question had gone unanswered; Jim had shut down as securely as the cell that held him, refusing to say more, normally agile voice gone silent. Sherlock hadn't let the frustration surface. Dealing with Jim had always required unflappable equanimity, now more so than ever. A change in tone, a slight push too hard, and he would flee the only way he could, into the safety of his mind.
"He's come out of surgery as well and just went into recovery. His surgeon expects he'll be in the ICU overnight. Then to a private room when he's ready."
She hadn’t made the same mistake ten years ago, but now she’d caught herself discounting the two women she’d seen on the street, concealed by their clothing and the darkness, hurrying somewhere together. Back then, everyone Irene had seen had been a potential opponent, no matter how innocuous they seemed. Now, with hindsight, she could safely ignore the passersby – but she’d only been ignoring the women.
The game was on – it always had been. The rules had changed, as had the players, but the fundamentals were the same.
A phone rang, an order was shouted out. Paramedics were running toward them now and Sherlock heard John and Sam's footsteps stop, felt a hand on his arm, pulling him toward the bland, neutral-coloured wall. Sherlock flared his nostrils, inhaling John's scent, giving himself a focal point. John's hand on his arm was a small spot of welcome warmth, a touch that wasn't unfamiliar, unasked for.
They were all breathing smoke now, trying to keep their breathing shallow enough not to be overwhelmed by it, hampered by Sherlock's weight and the difficulty of managing flashlights while carrying a half-conscious person.
The creak of leather from the belt as Sherlock fisted his hands shot straight to John's groin, sending a jolt through him that made him bite his lower lip hard to keep control. Some dim part of his mind wondered what it would be like to take Sherlock to sex shop, and the thought made him moan, dropping his forehead against bare, salty skin.
John closed his eyes and inhaled, not caring if he got strange looks from other pedestrians, not caring if Sherlock was chuckling at him. Sherlock unlocked the front door and let them in. John shuffled in behind his husband, manoeuvring around Sherlock and his suitcase in the small space, locking the door again behind him.
Right now, he was determined to make the best of it – it wouldn't be difficult, given the enticing smells wafting from the direction of the kitchen. Sherlock could probably be counted to on to behave, at least through dinner. Not, John thought, repressing a wry smile, because he was there, but because Irene was. It occurred to him to be jealous of the way her presence held Sherlock in check – but if he was honest with himself, she was the reason he wasn't berating Mycroft, either.
He fished his headphones out of his pocket and plugged them in, freeing up his hands and making Sherlock completely inaudible to anyone else but John himself.
"What's the last thing you remember before regaining consciousness here?" Sherlock asked. John glanced up from the chart, watching McKinney's face carefully. Surprisingly, the older man huffed a faint, dry laugh.
At this, Sherlock did shudder; he'd considered it, and the thought was no less unsettling now than the first time it had crossed his mind.
sense, throwing him back to something he’d forgotten but had always remembered, really, because it was never that far from the surface but unused because
"I won't and I'm not," he replied easily. Sherlock huffed impatiently in disagreement but John stayed where he was, shifting his position a bit to make himself more comfortable. He didn't miss the small adjustments Sherlock made to ensure the maximum amount of contact between their bodies. He smiled slightly to himself and rubbed Sherlock's arm with his thumbs, slow, deep strokes. He knew Sherlock needed a good sulk right now and wasn't about to argue that. He also knew Sherlock needed some support. He suspected the detective had felt guilty enough as it was before Veronique had stopped by to yell at him for awhile. And Sherlock was not good at dealing with guilt – most of the time, he had no understanding as to why he ought to be feeling it in the first place.
It had been eight days since the explosion and, if John hadn't known better, he'd have thought a second one had occurred in their flat. He was used to dealing with Sherlock's messes, particularly when the consulting detective was on a case. There had been times when he'd had to dig his chair out of if he wanted to use it and Sherlock would make pointed comments under his breath. Normally this just meant he needed John's help.
Gabriel raked his hands through his hair – they were shaking, Sherlock noticed. The barely restrained rage was obvious, but it was also easier than the terror it covered.
"I drank coffee every morning reading the newspaper in my – flat," he said, opening his eye again, meeting John's gaze. The doctor was grinning and nodding, encouraging him to continue. "I had this old travel mug, it was black with something on it, I can't remember what. I must have had it for years. I was going to replace it – for Christmas. Little gift for myself. I didn't– I
Maybe it had happened yesterday. He remembered the day as a blur of panic – he had no idea why he'd been at the Yard nor why Sherlock and John had been there. Had that been coincidental? Did he have a case that overlapped with one of Sherlock's? He was mildly surprised that he didn't care – about any of it. He wondered if he should care, but found he couldn't be bothered.
"Talk," John mouthed and Sherlock felt a flash of memory himself, recalling the same instruction five years ago, John crouched in front of him in Sam's ransacked flat, urging Sherlock to play Moriarty's game.
"Couldn't sleep," Sherlock said, tone too curt, even for him, trying to keep his jaw from staying clenched.
He turned back to the computer monitor, studying the map as he chewed absently on his lower lip. Whatever Sherlock thought he'd been onto wasn't immediately apparent – John ignored the huffy "obvious" in Sherlock's mental voice – and he could see no pattern. Unlike the maps of the tunnels, nothing jumped out of him here, even when he tried to look at it as a surgeon.
“Sexily brilliant,” John replied as they both squirmed out of their pyjamas pants, the sigh from Sherlock’s lips gusting against John’s skin as they settled naked bodies together, shifting minutely for more contact.
"We were taken from here to Wales by helicopter, John, but there had to be some record of it. A flight plan logged – can't fly over the city without someone knowing where you are and where you're going."
He kept it slow, without any demands, until he felt the tension begin to ease from Sherlock's muscles. John shifted slightly, making himself more comfortable without breaking the kiss, resting a hand on Sherlock's left leg, just above the knee, thumb brushing along the inseam of Sherlock's trousers.
Later, after everyone else had left and he'd managed Sherlock's help in tidying up, John settled down with a book while his husband busied himself with whatever his latest experiment was, keeping the kitchen window cracked open against the smell. He had that same intent look he'd been wearing while talking to Henry and John got the distinct impression Sherlock was hurrying to finish whatever this was so he could move onto a study of Egyptian poisons.
lost in an uninhabited wilderness with no means of contacting anyone, nor any idea of why we were there!"
"I'm honoured," Sherlock said dryly, rolling his eyes. Tricia turned away slightly, her shoulders shaking. She recomposed herself with effort but John could see that it was hard won and would probably break again.
The memory of John's laughter assailed him without warning and his eyes flew open again as he caught his lower lip against a gasp. It had been a quiet sound, a chuckle deep in his chest that gave way to quiet moans and whimpers as Sherlock had worked his way down John's body with his tongue and teeth. He could still feel John shifting restlessly beneath him, his hands running up Sherlock's back before his fingers dug into Sherlock's shoulders.
"What do you mean, this has happened to you?" John asked as the Frenchman settled back into his chair.
He realized with a jolt he'd have to call Veronique. She'd find out anyway and if she didn't hear it from him, she'd be upset. The idea didn't seem as tiring, though. He trusted her with his life, more than anyone except Sandra. When he'd been in the hospital, she had been the only person who was safe. The only person he could stand to have touch him at the worst of times, the only person he trusted to tell him the truth. She would want to know and he wanted her to know. He missed her suddenly and wondered what she was doing in Lyon, if she was awake and at work or at home and fast asleep. He'd call her later in the morning – it was too early.
When Harry had died, John had made it through because of Sherlock. But he'd known how to ask, too, how to say what he needed. He'd learned that somewhere along the way, maybe from Tricia, maybe from being in the army, maybe from being shot and being in therapy afterwards. He thought about how he'd felt when he'd learned Jamie had died the same day he'd been shot. It had been quick and he'd probably never known he'd been hit. John had barely been aware of being sent back to England and by the time he was coming out of his morphine induced oblivion, Jamie had already been buried. And it had taken John nearly two days to believe the nurses weren't lying about it. That hadn't been quick. He remembered being so angry he'd tried to get up before he was able, before he had fully realized he wasn't at Bastion anymore, intent on finding Tricia and getting her to tell him that it wasn't true, because she wouldn't lie to him or play stupid games.
John set his jaw, fingers tightening on his phone as angry retorts lined up on his tongue. A bird’s eye view of the park flashed across his mind, well over a hundred hectares of green space full of trees and people.
"We'll come back later," Donovan assured him, but doubted he'd heard her. His good eye had drifted shut and his breathing had slowed. She glanced at Lestrade, who nodded. They followed Morris out the door and Donovan gave instructions to the constable keeping guard and to the nurses on the ward to call her on her mobile should he remember anything.
In stockinged feet, he crept up the stairs, taking the time to shift his balance carefully and avoid the spots that would give him away. If Sherlock was up there, he was probably straining his hearing as hard as John had just been, and hoping like hell he wouldn't be found out.
"Yes, I remember them. Lucy was such a force of nature. She's done very well for herself over in Switzerland, I hear."
The Woman smiled, a bright sudden grin that caught him off guard – there was no sensuousness there, no cunning or guile. Only genuine amusement.
He sat down in his chair and pulled a small notepad and pen from his pocket. Doe looked at them questioningly.
It felt like he was in a play or a film, aware that it was all staged, that behind the normality lurked something else.
The metre reader was admitted to a final house – by a man this time, John noted, whereas the others at home had been women – and came back out a few minutes later, ambling down the drive back toward his van, fishing around for something in his coat. As close as he was to the nearest camera, it was difficult to get a good view of him even as he turned, pulling his phone from his pocket.
And because Sherlock had been steadily ignoring all calls, there were no cases. Lestrade had called him several times and Sam had tried to call him too, probably on the DI's behalf. He didn't care.
"Yeah, they said the cops were coming." He had a Mancunian accent, softened by the weakness of his voice. She raised her eyebrows; that might explain why they'd had no missing persons reports for him. It was possible no one in London knew he was missing.
Still, John told himself, Sherlock was stronger with each passing day – strong enough to have made it down to the morgue by himself once already.
"Okay," Sherlock murmured. His eyelids dropped shut for a moment before he forced them open again, fighting a losing battle as he drifted off.
The detective kissed him again, lightly, quickly, then sat back. A champagne flute was pressed against John's lips, and he raised his head enough to take a small sip. Sherlock dipped an index finger into the pale liquid and traced it over John's lips. The tender pressure made John part of his lips, tongue darting over the pad before he sucked gently, watching Sherlock's eyes darken in response. Sherlock pulled his hand away, replacing it with his mouth, and John wondered if he was imagining the faint tingling on his lips.
know what I'm doing – although, technically, you shouldn't have melatonin in this country without a prescription, you know."
"I look forward to seeing you try," Sherlock replied, putting a bright smile on his face as the guard rung off, gesturing them toward the lifts. John swallowed a curse, striding after his partner, who breezed into the glass and chrome elevator with a smug, triumphant smirk.
"You'd better be booking us tickets for the Eiffel Tower," John said, propping himself on his forearms. Sherlock raised his eyebrows at him, peering over the top of his phone.
"The–" His tongue was thick, catching on the words, not listening to his mind. Sherlock forced the words out through uncooperative lips. "The penthouse, Mary, he's in the penthouse."
"This is insane," John hissed, to which Sherlock responded with a faint smile and a glimpse of a police badge – probably stolen from Lestrade – that was immediately returned to his coat pocket. The doctor sighed, trying to hunch his shoulders against the rain without actually doing anything so stupid as bending or tensing. He was moving slowly so as not to aggravate his ribs or let the concussion get the better of him. Sherlock had even slowed his own normally rapid pace to accommodate, which the doctor would have appreciated a lot more if he weren't standing in the rain behind a possibly dead man's house.
He nodded; her assistance was always valued. He intended to solve this case now, one way or another. But not at the risk of doing to himself what Sherlock had done.
He certainly had the resources – the entire company he worked for did – but he also had an alibi. Of course, alibis could be secured for the right price, and if he knew what he was doing, it would have been a bullet-proof one.
"Depends," John said. "You were admitted on the first of December, so if you rent, you'd already have paid. If you own your own place, the bank would automatically deduct any payments you owed."
"Get him," Bridget said to the two DIs, who swooped in without a word, taking Sherlock's weight from John. He almost clung to the detective, a panicked, instinctive reaction more than anything, but forced himself to let go.
Moving carefully, as if the text might vanish otherwise, Sherlock opened the message. He read it then extended his phone to John, who peered at the tiny screen.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes somewhat. He was not inclined to believe that. He had a small child in the flat on a regular basis and she did not always listen to instructions. There was no reason an animal with a far smaller cranial capacity would.
John knew it was ridiculous in the face of everything else – everything Sherlock had gone through – but if Moriarty hadn't tossed a delivery truck carelessly in the way of Sherlock's cab, they would have used this up by now.
Sherlock gazed at the open book, not really seeing the spread pages with the colourful images and his own handwriting already dominating the margins, not noticing when John's laptop screen went dark to conserve power.
The silence persisted for almost an hour before Gabriel deigned to arrive, announcing himself with a perfunctory knock before stepping into Sherlock's office, showing no surprised at Cheryl's presence.
protecting witnesses, John. And he witnessed something, whether or not he'll remember it. Not to mention he helped us find Alexandre. I'll be here until you get back."
He had a sudden image of Sherlock on their island, dozing in the hammock that was slung in the shallow water under the shade of several trees, fingertips dipped into the water from when he’d been trailing his hand through it before drifting off.
"Olivia and David are staying the weekend, and I thought they might enjoy it. No way Mycroft's ever going to let them get a pet that doesn't need a cage or a tank."
It was ridiculously evident that John (and Mycroft, but frankly, who cared about Mycroft) expected Sherlock not to behave himself. If this had only been some physical injury, he would have been inclined to disregard medical advice – doctors were, after all, notoriously overcautious.
The flat was silent. The house, that their old landlady, Mrs. Hudson, had left to them when she'd died twenty-six years ago, was still and quiet. A young couple lived in the ground floor now, but were out, probably at work.
John opened his mouth to reply then shut it again abruptly. Sherlock gave a soft huff and looked away.
"That's hardly your only area of expertise," Sherlock replied, arching an eyebrow at the doctor. "I'm more than happy to admit that women are your area and not mine."
"You need to take her for a walk," John said. Sherlock huffed, plucking the hat from John's fingers and tossing it aside. "It can't all be fun and cases."
Sherlock nodded as John binned the two needles and the vials, as well as the rubber strip. He stretched out, feeling old twinges in his left shoulder and more recent twinges from his back and hips. The shoulder was like an old friend, or old enemy, so familiar it was impossible to remember a time when he hadn't felt it, although there had once been a John without this old injury. And even a John for whom it was a new injury.
"Don't get any ideas," Sherlock warned darkly. John only shrugged, delighting in the faint horror that rose in Sherlock's eyes.
He didn't say it, not with Bridget here, but Sherlock saw the reproach etched clearly into the doctor's features.
dog," he said, trying for sternness and knowing he'd failed completely. "You have to take care of her."
John closed his eyes, ignoring the spinning sensation, and settled more deeply into the cushions on his chair. He pressed the fingertips of his left hand against his forehead, then rubbed the bridge of his nose.
The flat was empty when Sherlock got home, and the fact that he knew it would be didn’t offset the minor flash of annoyance. The tracking app he had on John’s phone put his partner in the same place he’d been all evening – some blasted pub with Bill Murray.
"No," Sherlock said, dropping the word like a stone. It was true what he'd told John – but beyond that, there was the practicality of keeping himself afloat. Drugs made millions – even billions – but cartels and highly placed dealers were volatile, unpredictable.
The weight on top of him eased suddenly and Sherlock gasped again, collapsing back into the cushions, panting and disjointed so that the sounds of John rummaging between the cushions for the lube and shucking his jeans didn't reach Sherlock until John had pushed into him, groaning at the resistance. A flash of pain mixed with pleasure shot through Sherlock and he hung on as best he could as John thrust, hard and fast, coming with a groan buried in Sherlock's neck, the sensation of hot breath on the blossoming bruise making him tremble.
The sergeant glowered and stood his ground and Sherlock heard his brother give a faint, rasping chuckle.
He'd seen that enough times in Afghanistan. If there were even slight irregularities on the PET scan, or if Sherlock's wound got infected…
He glanced up at John as if suddenly remembering the doctor was there, and John couldn't help the small smile that tugged at the edges of his lips.
It felt strange to be home so early in the afternoon on a weekday with a legitimate reason. The water had been unintentionally shut off to the building in which the surgery was housed due to roadwork that had damaged some pipes and caused some minor flooding. Since they couldn't work without water, they'd closed early. John appreciated it – although he would have appreciated it more had Sherlock been at home to enjoy it with him.
John stared into his glass of gin, gazing at the transparent liquid. He couldn't quite tell where the differentiation was between the gin and the glass and he wondered how much he'd had to drink already. It felt like a lot. When he closed his eyes the world dipped and spun with alarming intensity, and he had to wrench his eyes open again, breathing hard. John jostled the glass slightly, watching the liquid slosh back and forth gently, then drank it all in one go.
John pulled away, resting a hand against the side of Sherlock’s neck so he could trace his partner’s lips with his thumb. Sherlock’s eyes darkened at the action and John kissed him again, letting his hands drop down to undo Sherlock’s suit jacket.
"But more than nothing," Sherlock murmured, holding up a hand for them to stop. Two torch beams joined his, peering past his shoulder; the tunnel had come to an abrupt end, a circular hole in the ground making room for the ladder that vanished into the gloom. Sherlock tilted his head back, light following the ladder up into the shadows above them. John joined him, trying to catch the hint of a hatch or manhole; as far as he could tell, it was smooth concrete above their heads.
"I doubt that," Georges laughed. "But thank you for saying so. Just a moment – I 'ave proof copies of the new one, let me get you each one."
"Oh," he said. "Oh." He shook his head as if to clear it and sighed, his gaze darting away again. He drew his legs up and was silent for a long moment, his expression distant, detached.
"A couple years ago, a former Met sergeant named Tim Richards started up a programme in London after he was shot on duty and had to retire. His service provides dogs for current or former Met officers who are injured – especially on the job – and who are suffering PTSD."
If Sam had flashed back to the incident on the bridge as Sherlock suspected, it probably had something to do with seeing how Brace had been murdered. John had been less than impressed at Sherlock's poor decision making skills in calling Sam to that scene but he also understood Sherlock's state of mind at the time. He hadn't been thinking straight. For anyone else, that was a reasonable excuse – and given what he'd gone through with losing his mother and then almost losing Mycroft, it was nearly defensible. But most people held Sherlock to a higher standard. John knew he was guilty of this, too, and of forgetting that his husband was still human beneath the cool exterior and the massive intellect.
well dressed and that was good. But not a jumper, no. A suit. Sherlock would miss the jumpers. They were so John. He wore suits and now Mycroft-John wore suits.
The connection was ingenuous, John knew, but he didn’t need to drag Harry’s past into it, and the whole experience had pushed her to make some serious, and difficult, changes in her life. She was much better now, although John knew it was still hard, and he made a point of staying in touch. He didn’t think they’d ever be particularly close, but they got on better now than they had in years.
He knew Sherlock would lie to him when necessary about work – but, he told himself, it was more fair to admit that Sherlock would tell John bluntly that it there were questions he could not answer.
When John tried to help Sherlock out of the dressing gown, the detective clutched it stubbornly, shaking his head. John relented immediately – there was no sense fighting Sherlock; it wouldn't get either of them anywhere. He called the nurse in instead, who hooked Sherlock back up to the IV and the monitors while John got him fully settled on the bed.
"I am not," Mycroft replied. "Sherlock, enough. John, upstairs. This is why you're here. Ms. Adams, please stay down here if you would be so kind."
"I've got to go," John said abruptly, making a show of checking his watch. Sherlock would probably be at home – John hadn't received any texts summoning him to a crime scene or complaining about Mycroft. It was easy enough to tell himself that he wanted to go home solely for his husband's company but he really wanted nothing more than to get out of that room.
New Year's Eve was a tedious tradition, an arbitrary marker that wasn't tethered to anything, missing the winter solstice by ten days on average and serving no practical function in Sherlock's life. It was too close to his birthday to be of real value – there was no point overshadowing the important celebration.
"May I?" Sherlock asked and John stood, stepping away. The detective pulled out his hand lens, smoothing one hand into Kenton's hair and pushed the strands aside with his thumb and index finger.
"Of course I do," Sherlock answered breezily. "But my authority on the necessity of rest is also an authority on the necessity of eating. You shouldn't start your day on an empty stomach."
He nodded and she took his empty plate, putting it back in the kitchen. Sherlock wrapped his hands around the tea mug and picked it up, letting the warmth settle against his skin. He sipped it carefully; it wasn't as sweet as he'd like but he didn't care. It was hot. That was enough.
know how to drive a motorcycle in Paris, and very expertly as far as John's limited experience let him judge. They wove smoothly in and out of traffic, racing down the motorway towards the city's centre, zipping seamlessly along side other bikes. It became harder and harder to pay attention to the sights and landmarks around them as he focused on the way Sherlock moved with the bike, as if he were born to it, as if it was an extension of his body. It obeyed him without question, slowing, speeding up, slipping into the free spaces between cars or lanes.
Which, admittedly, wasn't very often. Sherlock's nightmares didn't always wake the younger man, but John was sure they didn't always wake him, either.
"Obviously only the ones we know about, Sherlock," Mycroft sighed, and Sherlock rolled his eyes. "We could scarcely investigate the ones we aren't aware of. What have you got?"
"I mind when people trade in lives like they were bargaining chips," Lestrade replied, a hard edge in his voice. "Coffee. Good. Here you go. It's swill but it does the trick." He plucked two mugs from the PC, passing one off to John. "Constable Tema will get you set up," he continued, nodding at the woman who had given John the bare greeting. "Let you know what you're looking at – or what we think you're looking at anyway. Good luck. You'll need it."
"McKinney said he was recruited for the committee through official channels. Was it at your suggestion?"
John sighed again, folding his arms and giving Sherlock his best captain's glower, inwardly pleased when the detective shifted, eyes darting away briefly.
When Sandra was twenty-six, she met John Watson and Sherlock Holmes for the first time. She met John before Sherlock, really, although they were both at St. Mary's together. At first, Sherlock was another patient, wrapped in bandages, obscured by medical equipment, and John was the man beside his bed, watching and waiting. When she'd found out John Watson was in fact Doctor John Watson, her concern had deepened. It was always so much harder for doctors and nurses. They knew what to expect and couldn't be kept from the harsh reality. She bought him Chinese food after the first night he stayed on her ward, because it was clear he wasn't going to leave his husband's bedside and he was stuck eating the food the orderlies insisted on delivering for an unconscious patient. He was exhausted and clearly terrified and needed some real food.
Sherlock's stare was a storm chasing across the sky, anger towed in the wake of shock, but John cut him off before he even had a chance to inhale.
She'd realized it, of course. So had Moriarty. Jim had toyed with Sherlock, dangling John's life in front of him, but not carelessly. Calculated. Deliberate. Threatening to take it away, so Sherlock would dance to Jim's tune.
He went home and scrubbed the city from his skin, then lingered in the sauna, imagining the heat and the steam cleansing every millimeter. By the time John got home from work, Sherlock looked precisely as if he'd returned from a routine business trip, clean-shaven, curls meticulously styled, nails manicured, smartly dressed.
"Does he have any metal in his body?" John repeated. "Any implants you might have stuck in him while he was away?"
When the number on the screen didn't vanish, John looked into the payment carefully, still waiting for it to disappear. The memo attached to the transfer read simply 'consulting fees', and there was no name attached to the account it had come from.
Despite everything he'd seen in Afghanistan, he was almost grateful to be behind the shelter of the car, away from the body splattered on the road.
"What?" John snapped, but Sherlock shook his head. He couldn't be sure, not yet. He opened the text that contained the unfamiliar version of the nursery rhyme and copied it into the search engine. It was less than a minute's work to find where it came from.
"I have a vast academic knowledge on this subject, but you know full well my practical knowledge is limited to you. I was rather vehemently assured that expanding my knowledge without your consent would be A Bit Not Good. This seemed like the most logical way to pursue it without upsetting you."
“If that’s how you want to play it,” John replied, reaching for the lube they kept in the shower. Sherlock followed the movement, grey eyes bright with impatience. He made a “get on with it” gesture with one hand, and John gave him his best captain’s glare.
"Yes," he said bluntly. "It is." He caught the flicker of surprise in Gabriel's eyes, but Cheryl was outwardly unmoved by the unexpected admission.
"Saturdays. Always sat by the window, just watching the world go by. Always had his work gear with him – you know, hard hat, reflective vest."
He needed, at very least, to talk this over with Gabriel. Someone he could trust with the specifics, the details – no matter how small or seemingly insignificant. Someone with an interest vested only in him. Not in his brother by way of association with Angela. Not someone who might, with the right provocation, be inclined to learn whatever it was that Magnussen didn't want them to know.
"I'll need to talk to security and review the tapes for the time he came in. We might get lucky – maybe someone dropped him off," Donovan said.
He didn't bother putting up any semblance of a fight, smiling at her immediate delight and at David's satisfaction.
Sherlock had been bent over his microscope but was up in a shot, crossing the room before John had the chance to take another step, and long, cool fingers enclosed his face, holding lightly but with a definite warning against moving. He bent to John's eye level, piercing grey eyes scouring, evaluating. The intensity was heady given his concussion.
"It's not that. Look," he said, holding out the file, open to the picture of Healy's body and the coroner's notes regarding the wound. "The description of the stab wound. Healy was stabbed by someone holding the knife in his right hand. Through the muscles in the back and the ribs and into the lungs? That would take a lot of force."
They were being played, and not in the way Moriarty had played them, because Moriarty had wanted to draw Sherlock out and meet him. To encounter the enemy who was on his level.
If she’d worked with Holmes, he likely would have been far more interested in what she got up to, and she would have had to be a great deal more circumspect.
There was no time to think, no time to decide between calling Lestrade or Mycroft first because the choice was obvious – his brother had more resources but Lestrade had been there, in Wales. He
He could tell it was eating at Sherlock, this inability to uncover anything else combined with the killer's sudden silence. The detective spent every waking moment scouring the stacks of files and searching the Internet. The information Mycroft and Anthea had given him had been added to by the Speaker of the House, who had provided them with the names of all those who had been considered for the committee and everyone who had knowledge of it. Sherlock had thrown himself headlong into running down any possible leads he'd gleaned from that information and had come up against dead ends each time. John had the sense from what Sherlock had told him and the reading he'd done himself that this wasn't because someone was hiding something, but that the people involved in the committee weren't behind this.
Instead, he was reduced to putting John’s clothing in the laundry hamper, taking a few deep breaths to quell the warring sensations of need and frustration. It wasn’t as if John made a habit of drinking too much, or had a tendency to ignore Sherlock’s needs. As irritating as it was, he could forgive John the occasional inebriated evening.
that told him he'd lost completely. He gave up, trailing his hand along the bannister as he climbed toward the quiet flat.
Sherlock frowned at him but John had no intention of letting his husband go get Sandra. He was not especially well versed in tact and the immediate need for a doctor here had passed.
He put on a pair of his own silk pyjamas and slipped into the bed, relieved at John's presence, terrified of doing the wrong thing. The night was warm enough that John had kicked off the light duvet and was only using the sheet, and the window to the fire escape was open, admitting the gentle breeze. Sherlock had fixed the screen back into its place that first horrible day, wanting to seal it shut but knowing it had to be easily removed in case of an actual fire. He'd tried to devise some visual means of letting John know it hadn't been taken down again, but had been unable to do so.
"I don't know how far this will go," Sherlock continued, muscles in his throat working as he swallowed, refusing to look away. Carefully, John sat forward, wrapping his left hand around Sherlock's right.
For a moment, he couldn't move – not just euphoric shock, but a now-familiar surprise. Surprise that he enjoyed this, that John did, that something he'd never really wanted before made sense with John's body. With John.
"You got hit on the head," he said, stroking the backs of his fingers across the exposed skin on Sherlock's forehead before rubbing a thumb soothingly over Sherlock's cheek. He didn't care how intimate the action was; he wanted Sherlock to focus on him rather than on Mycroft. "That's why you're in the hospital. You haven't done anything wrong, all right?"
What he could see of Sherlock's expression shifted from concern to irritation; John knew the detective disliked it when he apologized for his nightmares. Sherlock insisted it was not his fault because he didn't intend to have disturbing dreams. That was true – but he still felt bad when he woke Sherlock. The detective slept little enough as it was.
He waved the DIs away, aware he didn't have much time left on his own, and settled in to wait for Harry to drop by and for Sherlock's family to descend on the tiny hospital room once more.
He moved slowly, aware that it annoyed his partner, taking the precious seconds to try and work out what John wanted. It was moments like this – grating moments – when he couldn't read John nearly as well as he'd like. When his own proclivity for obfuscation was reflected back at him, leaving Sherlock scrambling to understand what was normally so clear.
It had been delicate at first, rebuilding and keeping a new balance, but the longer it worked, the more comfortable everyone became, until her place was as secure as it could ever be. Diligence wasn't a choice – there was no room for slipping here, but the benefit of being at the top was the number of people below her propping her up.
He could feel the steady ticking against his wrist from the unfamiliar watch. His phone had been taken from him – the absence of its weight in his pocket reminded him too much of Wales, but he buried that memory, focussing on the feel of the watch against his skin, trying to hear it over the sound of the car.
Now he couldn't and the fact that he could no longer speak to her lay at the crux of this entire problem. He hurt because he missed both her
"Yes," Sherlock sighed as John's hand settled again, further up than it had been, fingers dragging lightly back and forth across Sherlock's inseam. He spread his legs a fraction, encouraging without being too obvious. John didn't react – at least, not much; Sherlock caught the flicker of approval in his partner's eyes.
"Nothing," he managed. His tongue felt thick, clumsy, so he swallowed. It helped a bit but did nothing for the way the world wouldn't stop spinning gently. If he could just focus a little bit more –
have to think that you've got to accept it because you hurt me. It's not an eye for an eye, Sherlock. I'm just telling you because I think you should know."
He opened his mouth under John's, catching the doctor's soft moan as he ran his tongue across John's lower lip and then into his mouth, exploring slowly. John wound his right hand into Sherlock's hair, then twisted himself somewhat so that they were pressed together chest-to-chest and he could drag his left hand down the front of Sherlock's shirt to the waistband of his wool suit trousers. Sherlock purred as John undid his belt and unfastened his trousers. The purr changed to a sharp moan when John slid his hand into Sherlock's pants and stroked him lightly, teasingly.
"Mister Holmes?" he asked groggily. John was suddenly struck by how badly they could be wrong about this and took a step toward the gurney.
John rolled his eyes, rocking back onto his heels, and Sherlock's lips twitched into a slight smile despite the bruises and cuts on his lips.
On Monday, after the last of his patients were gone for the day and his paperwork was caught up, John went back to the hospital. He had heard nothing from Donovan – of course, she wasn't obliged to tell him anything. Even if Sherlock hadn't turned down the case, getting information from Donovan would probably be like pulling teeth. She had mellowed over the years, but hadn't ever warmed to Sherlock being on a case. John thought she probably never would.
, he thought, but shook it off. Nash was talking on his radio, alerting whoever was inside that he was bringing Doctor Watson in. A clipped voice gave an affirmative answer and John was surprised that Sherlock didn't instantly commandeer the radio to start yelling instructions at him.
He had no frame of reference for the idea of same sex marriage and no opinions on it. Sherlock had been right – he was waiting for cues from others because he had no preferences or ideas of his own.
“John,” Sherlock replied, and there was a tension in his voice that made John set his jaw, anxiety tightening his back and shoulders.
"No, it's okay. I'd rather know. It was making me nervous, trying to figure out why she kept asking about Mayfair. I thought maybe – I don't know what I thought." He gave a wry, humourless chuckle. "Not that, though."
But it was infuriating to go through police report after police report, all of which had turned into cold cases because not even John Riley had been able to pinpoint Hayes' location for the police. John had checked all the records very carefully; from what he could tell, the last time Riley had seen Hayes had been twelve years ago at the gallery.
Sherlock could control Lestrade if needed; he had before, after all. But Richard Mitchell – or rather his imposter – was not Jim Moriarty, and the level of interference necessary to keep Lestrade away from the case would make the entire situation messier than it already was.
They sat for a few minutes in what would pass for companionable silence to anyone else, then John nodded, clapping a hand on his knee.
He scooped up the laptop and settled on the couch, aware of Sherlock's scrutiny, and ignoring the way the detective was fidgeting, the cuffs clinking gently as he moved. John closed the tab Sherlock had been watching – and muted the sound – before skimming through the other videos.
Sam couldn't quash the aggravation that came with having the first few moments in the past two days in which he'd felt somewhat normal be interrupted. He was as low on patience as he was on sleep and he'd gladly turned the McKinney case over to someone else. If Sherlock was there to complain about that, there would be hell to pay.
Her absence was a relief and a burden – it was easier with just John, but one less person made more work for them. Some nameless constable was dispatched to provide them with coffee, which Sherlock ignored and John indulged in, the sound of papers rustling intermittently interrupted by the click of the mug on the desk.
"And I've seen you look at other men, Sherlock. Granted, not as much, but once in awhile. That doesn't mean I think you're going to take off after them and leave me or cheat on me. Even when you ran into Charles a couple of years ago, I didn't worry about that."
There was another set of hands on him suddenly and something strapped around his head – John tried to pull away, sucking in a deep breath of oxygen as he did, the sensation leaving him momentarily lightheaded. He stopped, nodding to the paramedic and the PC to indicate that he was all right, and leaned forward slightly, breathing in a few more times. The relief was short lived; the oxygen brought back some clarity of mind, and John pulled the mask off, turning back to Sherlock.
"Good," he murmured. Sherlock felt it before John noted it – Sam pulled back a little, moving his own weight fractionally from Sherlock's support. But he was shaking too hard to make any real effort at holding himself up, nor was he fully back in the present, and the moment passed almost as soon as it had begun.
I'm tired? Because some bloody idiot called me to a crime scene where the victim was tossed off a bridge! How much do you think I've slept in the past couple of days, Sherlock? Want to give it a guess? Do you want to deduce by my face and eyes and stance how many hours I've been awake because I
Maybe he did. John refused to let himself think too much on that; it led nowhere good, and dead was dead.
"No," John answered belatedly, shifting onto his knees, two fingers on Sherlock's chin tipping his head up, holding his gaze for a moment before leaning down to kiss him.
"Oh, you have no idea," Sherlock replied dryly. He felt John's smile grow. He settled more fully against Sherlock, wrapping his arm under the detective's shoulder and pressing another kiss into his chest. Sherlock buried his face in John's hair and closed his eyes.
He spared a longing thought for the private island in the Bahamas Sherlock had bought for them – even now, nine months on, John had trouble bringing himself to think of it as his, or even theirs. By rights, someone like him shouldn’t own an entire island, but he did. Or at least co-owned it.
Sherlock actually looked taken aback – John cursed on occasion but rarely yelled and even more rarely directed the two at Sherlock.
"He suffered some serious head trauma – not to mention some internal injuries. To be honest, I'm not sure how he managed to walk in or stay conscious as long as he did. We had him in surgery and he's in recovery now. Prognosis is tentatively good. He was damn lucky, Inspector. Could have been a lot worse."
"That was five months ago. Everything around that time – anything unusual, and I mean anything, Ms Arnaud, even if he changed the colour of his socks or drank one more cup of coffee each day. Everything about the book, if there was anything strange about the story, anything deviation from how he'd written before, anything odd about his publisher or editor or unusual guests at book signings."
He sent a quick text to Sherlock saying he'd be late and was mildly surprised when he didn't get a reply. Either the detective was busy or he was sulking about John's delay. John shrugged it off as he pocketed his phone and walked across the Westminster Bridge. Sherlock would guess – accurately – where he was going. And he could deal with it.
Sam tried to evaluate that. Part of him felt exhausted, but not in the same way as he had been recently. He frowned slightly, looking at his coffee, feeling the dog rest her chin on his knee.
"It all looked fairly superficial to me. Superficial for a bomb blast. I think he figured it out, Sherlock. He was on the far side of that car from the explosion and given the injuries to his face and hands, he was lying on his stomach with his face covered. Believe me, I've seen plenty of people hit by bomb blasts; I know what someone who knows the survival tricks looks like. If it was a low yield explosion, he should be in good shape."
"I'm fine," Sherlock said shortly. Mycroft studied him neutrally, gave a small nod, and turned his gaze to John.
The cab dropped them off at the main entrance to Princess Grace and Sherlock dispensed with the fact that it was well past visiting hours by simply ignoring the staff and acting as if he had every right to be there. McKinney had been transferred to the same ward as Mycroft and John suddenly realized what that meant. He wondered how long Sherlock had been thinking about it. But Mycroft was under guard, he reminded himself.
His muscles caught up before his brain did, aware that the woman – not Bridget – in front of him was moving to take advantage of his shock.
“Boring!” his partner snarled, flinging an angry glare John’s way, grey eyes glinting. “How can they stand it, John? To be so
“We’re not getting married,” Sherlock said with a indifferent wave of his hand. “He’s accustomed to me being away for work.”
There was a thank you, an awkward handshake (which John always found annoying), and a rush of relief when he was able to close the front door behind the soon-to-be disappointed prospective tenant. He lingered near the door, half wondering if he was listening for the young man to walk away, half lulled by the sound of traffic from the street outside. Something in the atmosphere had lifted, and he hated that it felt like this every time he saw someone out, knowing full well that Sherlock had found a reason (or reasons) for denying them the ground floor flat.
"You wear too many bloody layers," Sherlock muttered, and John grinned, tossing the shirt aside as his husband scrambled backwards, stretching his lanky body across the mattress. John followed, reaching past him for the lube, heart suddenly thudding hard, almost painfully, in his chest.
But tomorrow. Tomorrow he had a day off for their anniversary. And after the year they'd had, it was definitely cause for some celebration.
With a sigh, he snapped the last of the albums shut. None of the other pictures mattered. He closed his eyes a moment, one hand still resting on the cover of the photo album, and waited for the residual anger at his sister to pass.
"Three voices: Sherlock, Irene Adler, and Mary," he confirmed, voice flat. "Which means Mary shot Adler. If that was really Adler."
The surface looked brilliant – Douglas always smiling, and his wife, too, when they were photographed together – but there was always something beneath that surface.
He felt the hesitation against his skin before Sherlock drew the dog tags away. John let them go without comment.
He’d always been careful in his business, but he’d never been as domestic as he had been for the past three years with John. Whether Sherlock liked it or not, John Watson had made him more cautious, less willing to flaunt fate, to dance on the cliff’s edge.
At this, Sherlock glanced quickly at John, who was watching him with his Weary-and-Annoyed-John expression.
, John thought, then shook his head at himself. It wasn't likely Riley even noticed a difference. He had no reason to think anything was missing from his room.
"Wait," Sherlock replied, fingers flying over the keys again. John did as instructed, trying to see what his partner was looking for, impatience growing as Sherlock kept working. He could hear the clock ticking on the mantle, slowing than the clicking of the keys under Sherlock's fingertips, but each second was slicing away more of Alexandre's time, decreasing their odds of finding him alive.
Mycroft led them down a wide corridor with a Persian rug running its length then stopped in front of a door that was being guarded by another Redcap corporal. He gestured for John and Sherlock to go inside and John stepped hesitantly into the study and library, looking around, then turned back.
"No one complains, Sherlock, when you get the job done. It's not the first time my extended network has come in handy." She gave them another sunny smile, making John's hands twitch. "Possibly the most important, though."
They were hardly daring to breathe, both of them focused on Sherlock's mobile, which lay silently on the desks between them.
"It's not a fantasy," Sherlock said, tilting his head slightly as well, tongue darting out to wet his lips – deliberately, John knew.
John stayed silent, chewing on the insides of his cheeks, remembering the times he'd had to shoot to save his own life or the life of a fellow soldier – and how much he'd hated it. He thought of the patients he'd lost on the operating table, how he'd fought so hard to save each one and failed. It wasn't the same, but it had felt like his responsibility then. Sometimes it still did.
the same man. But it had been his hands that had set those explosives. Even if he had no idea who had killed Finn Healy, how many people had he killed himself, walking away and letting a bomb do the damage?
"Don't bother," he said. "I could have told the police, but what good would it have done? She's arranged it so nothing can touch you – I doubt they could even touch her, even if she was right in front of them. Do you know how I know that? I've had more meetings and interviews with the police than I can count, each of them trying to uncover everything I know about her. I know nothing, but they keep asking – and it's not because they don't believe me. It's because they don't have anything. Nothing substantive. She's like ice, isn't she? Everything slides right off. Because she's set it up that way."
Jim had found out about Jennifer – when and how didn't matter, nor did it matter if he'd learned of her existence before he'd discovered her identity. What mattered was that he knew, and he'd been able to obscure her connection to him so well that she hadn't even existed as an idea to anyone else.
Like a dance, and he could almost see it, but nothing was moving, two stark figures in opposition. One white and one dark. Too far to be partnered. Too close to be benign.
He had no idea Sherlock had nicked the picture. John grinned at the image of himself grinning, and Tricia as well. God, they looked so young.
"Oh," Doe said, nodding slightly. John sat back somewhat, unable to prevent the movement or the flash of shock. He'd adapted to the reactions, too – as much as they sometimes annoyed him. It was usually surprise, but sometimes shock or disgust. He always got
It was why Sherlock was now in the company of a cautious DI, his own safety tediously assured – or at least as much as he was willing to tolerate. It chafed, but less so than the anger that fuelled an ever-burning furnace, kept so tenuously under control that it terrified him, because there was no margin for error.
Sherlock was dressed in one of John's old t-shirts, a black one that John had vaguely noted was missing but hadn't really cared because he only wore it when doing heavy cleaning. It was so old he probably should have just binned it or turned it into dusters, but it didn't actually have any holes. Sherlock was also wearing a pair of his own jeans, but one of the pairs he used for his disguises on cases, John noted, not either of the good pairs he would sometimes consent to wear mostly for John's benefit. And his polished shoes, the pair that had been missing downstairs.
He didn't know where Gabriel was, but it scarcely mattered. The younger man wasn't about to let this slide – as much as Sherlock would prefer not to have the necessary conversation, he also wouldn't tolerate Gabriel avoiding the confrontation. He'd trained Gabriel better than that, and if something as significant (although tiresome) as this slipped past, it would be ruinous.
John took the cup instinctively, glancing up at Sherlock, who was watching him sharply, grey eyes still ringed by black bruises.
Habit, too, to check his phone for messages from John. There were some, requests for information that Sherlock didn't have – or didn't have time to send – and updates on the lack of progress on John's end. Nostrils flared slightly, unfelt and unacknowledged frustration like a physical discomfort below the level of conscious observation.
Either way, it meant proper storage. Not necessarily a morgue, but someone had to know what they were doing with the corpse. No evidence from any of the other morgues in the city – or even in the surrounding areas – was missing a body, but whoever had murdered the younger man and Douglas had been efficient enough to swap them places in a very narrow window of time in a building well protected by security cameras.
been in the army after all – but being able identify some of the participants made it seem so much worse.
And there were others. People singled out here and there who had the access Sherlock needed without unnecessary upward ambition. Those who had carved out their space and knew better than to risk it for the tenuous prospect of something more. They had more to lose than to gain, and were intelligent enough to see it.
John wound his legs over Sherlock's, thighs pressing against his partner's hips, heels dragging gently over the back of Sherlock's legs with each thrust. He let his hands roam Sherlock's back, fingers carding through short curls, as breath came in sharp pants against his skin.
But after Wales, very probably not. It kept surprising John how fiercely loyal Sherlock was, and he supposed if the detective had regretted Adler's death, he would also have regretted Moriarty's in some way.
“It’s just storage.” The protest from the beleaguered guard beginning to grate on John’s nerves after the third time.
It had taken some thought on the way over as to who, precisely, she would see when he arrived – there were so many different ways for Gabriel to play himself, each befitting different situations. She was, after all, an unknown entity to him, but Sherlock had personally done her final vetting and Gabriel knew his boss would have been very thorough, particularly because she was working with John.
So he positioned himself behind John, using contact to replace observation, standing at the right angle to see the profile curve of John's face out of the corner of his eye, and it didn't look odd when he glanced down, nodding at or replying to something the doctor was saying. The words scarcely mattered, although Sherlock listened anyway, because John
“But I doubt it.” Gabriel pushed himself to his feet, pacing a few steps before turning back to Sherlock. “Information is what he does. Blackmail, too. He wouldn’t
“Yes,” Gabriel agreed. “Because if he knew Jim was still alive, he’d want to know where Jim was. And if he was looking into where Jim was, we’d know about it. But there hasn’t been anything, Sherlock. Not a single thing. Not a whisper or a rumour or even the barest hint of one person asking one question. Jim’s name leaves ripples. You know that.”
just said that she will put her people first if we force her to choose. She wouldn't be so stupid to try that again, John."
"Hmnmhmm," Sherlock murmured in reply, his head dropping back away from his arm, his face turned toward the ceiling, his neck extended.
, he told himself, flipping the file closed and setting it aside, turning back to the work that was likely to get real results.
His father had chosen this to leave Sherlock, one of his favourite books, purchased for him by Sibyl before they were married, on a whim because she suspected he might like it. Because she knew him well enough to judge that.
"Want to tell me about the watches?" John asked, not missing the sudden gleam in Sherlock's grey eyes, the proud smirk that tugged at his lips.
He drew the covers up carefully to his shoulders, burrowing himself under the blankets, hoping for some warmth. He didn't want to think about this anymore – his head hurt, his chest hurt, his whole body hurt. John closed his eyes and slept.
"All right, Doctor, thanks," she replied, nodding again. Steeling himself, he turned and left her with the other officers, circling around the car and walking steadily toward the body.
"And you do it so well," Irene assured him. "If anyone there were to know, they'd kill for half your acting talent."
"Okay if we take him back to the Yard, John?" Lestrade asked, as if Sherlock had no say in or opinion as to what happened to him next. "We need to get his statement."
The bank set off warning sirens in his brain, and any other time, Lestrade would have given it priority, but accessing the tunnels had been to move bodies in and out, not money. Something like that wouldn’t go unnoticed in a bank.
"We're looking!" Donovan snapped back. She pursed her lips, suddenly looking tired. "He's like a ghost."
"It's not working," Sherlock complained and John glanced up at him but his husband was looking at Mrs. Hudson now. She smiled back at Sherlock with a warm patience that reminded John suddenly and sharply of Sibyl.
Everything was neatly put away – there weren't any stray dishes or mugs lying around, Sherlock's violin was in its case in its normal spot, even the Union Jack pillow was resting on John's armchair.
after a viewing, but it was never the same thing. As it deliberately avoiding a pattern of activity could stop reality from encroaching.
"Get your things," Sherlock said, registering the flash of surprise in John's blue eyes, the way he moved for his wallet and keys almost immediately, any questions unvoiced. "We're going out."
Mycroft frowned, his lips twitching downward, then he hissed gently and tried to smooth his expression to avoid the pain from his cuts and bruises. John gave him more water and gave Sherlock a meaningful look, which the detective ignored.
"And why should I change, John? For you? Because you don't like the way I do things? Because you dislike my motivations? Because you imagine me as someone slightly different? Because you think you could take Sherlock Holmes and make him
that he was being taken apart by his partner's gaze because Sherlock had no idea what the hell John was talking about.
"Not a chance," Bridget replied, echoing his recent words. Sherlock swallowed his own irritation at the way the comment made John tense, tendons jutting out along the sides of the doctor's neck as he balled his hands into fists.
decided in the middle of the night that he needed to sleep in my bed and then decided sleeping was not exactly what he wanted to do. The
"You break into my flat on the rather feeble basis that I haven't spoken to you in several days and now you insult my appearance. You're not earning any kind gratitude, Agent Mitchell."
With a faint sigh, he sat up, liberating himself from the duvet. The air in the room was cooler but not uncomfortable – Sherlock was not a man who appreciated discomfort in his living environment, and the flat was always at a temperature that suited both of them.
"Drugged and dehydrated and starving – yet by your own admission, you were better off than we were, with fuel for fire and enough experience to snare small game. You said it to me, out there. 'You're alive'."
, we couldn't have that, could we? Be careful, like treading on thin ice, wincing if the crack beneath your feet echoed across a space and sent someone running to plunge you in.
Sherlock turned his glare to John, who returned it with a grin, enjoying the way the detective shifted as though caught out. Grey eyes darted past him again then back, and Sherlock worried his lower lip between his teeth – a sight John tried very hard not to find distracting.
He wasn't used to seeing such enthusiasm from a client. Nervousness, tenuous hope, desperation, a mix of all three… but not excitement, like a kid at Christmas getting exactly what he'd wanted.
, John told himself firmly, smirking faintly in the darkness. As it was, he was surprised his body temperature or pulse hadn’t jumped enough to wake his partner.
The abruptness of another voice made him jump slightly, warning flares going off in his bad shoulder at the sudden tension.
He rolled his husband onto his back and nudged Sherlock's thighs with his knee. Sherlock spread his legs willingly and John settled between them, feeling his husband's arms wind round his back. He pulled away enough to raise his head and smiled down at the image of Sherlock with his hair already tussled from the last time. John ran his fingers into the curls and Sherlock tilted his head back slightly, bring his face up for a kiss. John leaned down, resting his whole weight on Sherlock's body, pressing them together as much as possible, and leaned down to meet his husband's lips.
"Oh," Sherlock said without hearing himself, aware that he must have spoken only by the shift in John's stance, the slight change in pressure of fingertips on his skin.
With a soft groan, John pushed himself out of bed, stretching slightly in a vain attempt to dislodge all the aches and pains that came from living overnight in an ICU ward. The shower and the nap in his own bed had helped, but he still felt disconnected from reality, like he'd taken a step to the side and was only watching normal life happen around him.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock said, which only served to worsen John’s anguish, nearly dragging them both down before Sherlock could steady them, muscles in his legs burning with the effort of keeping them steady and crouched.
He'd never been in a high speed chase and had no desire to be – and Sherlock was in that car, probably in the boot where he wasn't visible and couldn't escape. The thought of what a collision at those speeds could do to a human body made John numb, panic tightening in his throat.
Amanda was still in the ICU when they arrived, looking cheery despite the fatigue. Something inside of John loosened at her relaxed demeanour; if there had been something wrong – even just a little bit wrong – she wouldn't have given him that reassuring smile.
"Brilliant!" the detective murmured, the grin still tugging on his lips. John felt a flash of shock course through him, followed by sudden lightheaded feeling.
John sighed, studying his partner’s face. Sherlock was watching him intently, everything about his expression telling John he would go back to the morgue with or without the doctor’s consent.
Sherlock stared at John, lips parted, eyes wide. He managed to shake his head once – that wasn't it. Didn't John understand?
He wanted to throw the stupid phone across the room but it wasn't his so he buzzed for the nurse and returned it to her with a murmured thanks. She smiled at him, but there was pity in her expression. Before – he'd been used to that before, because no one had known who he was, including him. Now if there was pity he didn't understand it. Why did they feel that way? Did they feel angry and then remember what had happened to him? Did they pity his choices? Did they sympathize with him?
"In the cab, yes," Sam said. He had no idea how he'd get home again – after talking to Sherlock, a long cab ride on his own probably wouldn't be a good idea. He'd call Veronique, maybe. Or maybe Sandra could come back. He didn't know. He didn't care. He'd sort it out later.
"The usual," Sherlock sighed. "Born and raised here, educated here, travels frequently but not excessively – that would largely be book promotions I suppose – married two years ago, wife is a publicist, he makes a decent living off his writing, six month old daughter, whom we met, both parents deceased now, father four years ago, mother almost two, no bad habits that would cause him any financial trouble, fairly active social life, even with the baby."
It was the first time he'd ever admitted having them to John, who had known for over two years now, although it had taken some time to piece together the scant details. He was no expert in languages but serving in Afghanistan at least let him recognize Pakistani Urdu when he heard it.
He crouched down, jabbing one of Adair's note sheets again; John let his gaze follow the motion to the initials Sherlock had pointed to earlier: 'R.D., Sr'. With a soft sigh, Bridget crossed the room, glancing down to where the detective was indicating.
"Do you know why we brought Riley in for questioning in the first place, Doctor?" she asked. "No, of course you don't. Even if he could have told you, he wouldn't have."
"What should we do?" he asked her and her ears perked up slightly at the sound of his voice. She gave him a quizzical look and Sam smiled slightly.
She surmised that Sandra had left Telle's office to call Veronique, finding some privacy in anonymity among the bustle and flow of a crowded London street.
call him," Lestrade muttered then, moving away to intercept Sam as the Interpol agent approached the scene. John stared. Sherlock had been on the phone in the cab on the way over, texting someone, and John had assumed it was Anthea because Sherlock had said he was going to contact her. He probably had. He'd evidently contacted Sam as well.
John shut the door very quietly and didn't lock it so as not to wake Sherlock. He was surprised that the key in the lock hadn't woken his husband in the first place, even if John had been very quiet about the whole thing. He kept his eyes on his husband as he toed off his own shoes and put his keys down on the small table beside the door. The gentle clink of metal against wood made Sherlock stir and he shifted his head, his expression tightening then relaxing again. John just waited. He put his wallet next to his keys, the leather making no sound as he set it down.
"I'm a perfectly capable cook," Sherlock protested but, John noted, didn't make any move to get up from his work and stop her. He smiled slightly, suppressing a wince as he shifted on the couch to get more comfortable. Sherlock's sharp gaze shot back to him, fixing on him firmly until John relaxed, giving him a slight nod. There was a reproving look on his husband's features for a brief moment as Mrs. Hudson vanished into their kitchen.
The sun was beginning to slip toward the horizon, lengthening the shadows, but still bright in the sky. It was a bit chillier down by the water, but John didn't mind, especially when the restaurant he settled on (because asking Sherlock to pick was a fool's errand) provided them each with a blanket. John found them a slightly more private spot, tucked towards the back of the open air restaurant, low-slung seats partially obscured by large potted plants. He could see the river sliding by in the near distance, but they were less noticeable, and it was nice, he thought, to have a bit of anonymity.
The way Sherlock shifted, annoyed, told John he knew it too. Knowing it and admitting it were two different things – admitting it meant owning up to the fact that a prank case had got them all the way to Paris for no good reason. John had no illusions that Sherlock would have preferred some imminent attack or complicated conspiracy if only because it would mean he was
this world come to?" John agreed, with far too much humour for Sherlock's taste. "You'd almost think he was your best friend."
The word was leaden, Sherlock’s bored, polished baritone emphasizing the ‘m’ and the ‘p’, lips pursing and releasing in a way that might have distracted John under other circumstances.
John sighed again, conceding defeat. He’d known it was useless to begin with, but he wasn’t willing to let it go without some resistance. Sherlock might get his way – as usual – but he should at least know that John wasn’t entirely happy about it..
"He was," she said, her expression turning serious, "and he was exposed four years ago, at which point he stopped working for us and we started working for him."
"No," John agreed. "We're not." He turned away from the counter, curling his left hand around the edge, facing his husband. Then he hesitated, uncertain if he should continue. One of Sherlock's eyebrows twitched upward. He leaned forward slightly, eyes intent on John's face.
John blinked his eyes back open when Sherlock's fingertips brushed the edge of his scar. Sherlock's gaze was steady, penetrative without being disconcerting. John kissed him again, breaking away to suck on an earlobe when Sherlock's hands trailed down his spine to tug at the waistband of his jeans.
Sam was looking the one way up the corridor, then the other. Frowning. Trying to keep himself back from the constables hurrying past after the paramedics. Stiffer than normal. Uncomfortable.
And they were police, when it came down to it. People were always more reluctant to talk to the police than they were just another bloke. He'd learned that in his eight years working with Sherlock – just as he'd learned how to read people well enough to know how to approach the questions. He'd never been Sherlock Holmes but he was getting to be a decent hand at it himself.
Sherlock made a faint noise on the other end of the line, the noise he made when John talked him through his nightmares. John winced, grateful Amanda couldn't see him and that she didn't know anything more about Sherlock's restlessness than this.
There was another box at the back, shoved under a bag of old clothes he really should put in a donation bin, roughly the same size as the ones he'd pulled out with Harry's things. John tossed the bag on the floor with a dull thump and eased the box out. It was actually bigger than he'd initially thought, and coated with a layer of dust. It wasn't labelled with anything. He didn't remember it, but then, he didn't really recall what he'd stored of Harry's.
of it, the conviction – fear – that he'd be proven wrong even when he could see that it was Sherlock crossing the distance between them.
," Sherlock spat, patience obviously unwinding at what he clearly thought was John's inability to keep up, "Mary doesn't know about Georges, but she
"Too bad the Met aren't," John murmured, feigning innocence when Sherlock scowled. He made sure to take the time to thank Georges and say good-bye politely, assuring the other man they'd enjoy Paris while they were here and that he'd promote the new book on his blog, all while aware of Sherlock's simmering, jittery impatience behind him. The door had barely closed behind them when Sherlock's hand was on his back, propelling him forcefully to the lift.
“So far,” he replied. Mary nodded again, taking a sip of her tea. It could be dealt with it necessary, although it would make things less messy to get the target alone. She didn’t want to kill anyone, and suspected that the target would cooperate gladly to avoid that outcome.
"Look what I got," she said, holding up a doll proudly. It was one of those plastic girl's dolls, similar to a Barbie. John had no clue as to what it was called, being so uneducated about dolls that he wasn't even a philistine. It had dark hair and wide, painted blue eyes and was wearing a yellow sundress. Josephine held it in front of her so they could see it, obscuring herself for a moment.
Sherlock shifted slightly, trying not to follow the movement as John slung the jacket over the back of one of the leather wing-back chairs, relieved that his new suit wouldn't be tossed carelessly on the floor.
a threat out there, in the shape of Janine Hawkins – or Jennifer O’Haughan – an unknown quantity linked to the most instable threat they’d ever faced.
"He's got to know something," Donovan murmured and John raised his eyes again, a warning on his tongue. She was looking at Lestrade, who gave a curt nod.
As much as he disliked the idea of having to expose his vulnerability about this to John, he loathed the idea of betraying his partner that deeply.
"Thank you," John said, raising his head, meeting Sherlock's eyes. There was a brief flash of bewilderment in Sherlock's features.
and a novel that was apparently on some best-seller list. He had no idea if Doe would like them. But then, he reasoned, neither did Doe, so it didn't much matter.
Hands skimmed under his t-shirt, pushing it up, and John hunched his shoulders enough to pull it off.
After Alexandre had left, Sherlock carefully catalogued all of the new contact information into his phone, deliberately ignoring John, who watched with an amused smirk. Maybe – just maybe – if he played it right, there could be another trip to Paris in their future. He'd certainly enjoyed the first one.
"Back in the kitchen!" he barked at her, swinging his gun up to the door, aiming it with practiced ease. Sandra hesitated, watching him, startled.
It would be far preferable to the inexperienced constable Lestrade had assigned to meet him there – the DI had an inappropriate sense of humour, and Sherlock wondered if it were directed at him or the PC. Or both.
"Please call us when he wakes up," he replied in a cold voice. "I see no reason to wait here, not while there's work to be done. Come on, John. He expects us to stop now but I'd rather not give him the satisfaction. We're going to find him and we're going to put an end to this."
It was a relief to see John so light-hearted. Carefree. He had smiled more over the past two days than any other two-day period since Sherlock had returned to London.
John's lips quirked on one side as he gave his head a small shake. He wasn't as ignorant as Sherlock wanted to believe – at least about some things – and he knew how proud the detective was of his hair. No matter how much Sherlock acted otherwise.
His office was much the same, ready for him to pick up where he'd left off but, like so often, there was no outward appearance of that. Like so often, the work was invisible on the surface, no effort apparent to anyone watching.
Sam didn't respond to Sherlock's comment and John met his eyes. He had the look of a man who was facing several sleepless nights and who was all too aware of it. He gave a curt nod and Sherlock breezed past, dragging John in his wake.
“Hasn’t there at least been a murder?” Sherlock demanded, snatching the phone from John, scrolling through the messages himself. “Liar, liar, adulterer, liar and adulterer, thief, delusional, making it up, hysterical, and another adulterer.”
"As far as I know, John Riley is fine. Apparently you managed to convince his former associates that he's still unconscious. There's been no news of an attempt on someone's life in a hospital at any rate."
Deliberately, John ignored his brother-in-law in favour of his niece, who barrelled into his arms, squealing in delight when he spun her around. Mycroft raised his eyebrows pointedly at the noise, but John ignored that, too, whirling Olivia through the air until they were both breathless and he was off balance.
He finished his tea, forcing himself to think about what Sam had said even though he was inclined not to. The idea of putting in any effort right now was exhausting. What would John do? What if he dismissed any attempts to set things right as insufficient or just uninteresting? Sherlock could not even tell which was worse.
He crossed the living room to the desk that was still a disaster area despite the fact that Sherlock had no cases at the moment. There were a few files, a scatter of paper and pens, a magnet with a thimble and a paperclip stuck to it for some reason, Sherlock's wallet, a handful of coins and – a waving plastic cat. John heard his own startled laughter ring around the flat.
The comment sobered John and kept him from suggesting that Sherlock's normal pattern was to show up wherever he thought someone else should be and expect them to plan their lives according to his whims.
It had been ten years and Sherlock clung to that decade with an iron grip, putting himself here and now, facing down John's anger, but he could feel the ground shifting beneath him, trying to pull him back.
"Average," he replied. "He was an average looking bloke. Not too tall, not like you, but taller than him," he nodded at John. "Mid forties, brown hair. That's all I remember."
John was looking forward to it. He particularly liked the sound of the surf mixed with the sound of Sherlock's moans.
She remembered herself enough to call the hospital and have her shifts covered for the next two days, then sat back against the couch cushions again, her phone dark and silent on the coffee table. Sandra stared straight ahead vacantly, then closed her eyes and lowered her head into her hands. She bit her lip, trying to stifle herself so as not to disturb Sam.
his fault that he'd failed to consider Sam's reaction to it. He'd neglected to properly evaluate the circumstances and – more frustratingly – he had no data on Sam's current state of mind. The last time he'd seen the agent, Sam had been angry and had left him alone with Sandra. He'd been sleeping poorly – or not at all – and had clearly been unwell. Sherlock hoped that a week would have resolved the issue.
"No," Mycroft said again, pursing his lips. He sighed and stepped fully into the room, shutting the door and then heading for the window.
Minutes crept by, drawing with them a slow realization that Sherlock probably wasn't getting painkillers. The ache in John's shoulder had settled and deepened, becoming increasingly uncomfortable, but he fidgeted, hesitating against moving.
"You're married to Sherlock Holmes, of course I've thought about that. It's something I'd prefer to avoid – I don't need the city going up in flames."
"She was clever too," Sherlock admitted with a one-shouldered shrug. "I modified her system to be useful in the event that I wanted to be found unmurdered."
"He got past the guards on Brace," John snapped when they got closer to the police cars. "Sherlock, this is insane! Lestrade's right – we're just waiting for him to pick them off one by one!"
John turned around again, looking past the detective at their flat that was covered in case files and maps and notes and all the disarray that came with living with Sherlock. It suddenly felt overwhelming and suffocating. This was supposed to be his home. But he couldn't walk through it without upsetting something that pertained to a man – a former soldier
“No,” Sherlock agreed. It was an offensive understatement to say that Irene was good at what she did – Sherlock had no doubts that she’d made all of the right connections, and the information she’d gleaned from Jim only added to that certainty.
John managed to get Sherlock calmed down at the hospital when they refused to let John himself take charge as Mycroft's doctor. He avoided having the nurses call security – but only just, he thought. Sherlock finally listened to him, reasserting some control with a significant amount of effort, jaw set, teeth clenched.
“If you insist,” Sherlock replied, softening the words with a slight smirk before swallowing hard when John’s hands dropped down to squeeze his ass.
Sherlock parted his lips to answer but found his voice caught, and shook his head. No, of course it hadn't been. But it had felt that way since Sibyl had died.
, his mind supplied and his scowl deepened. He smoothed over his features deliberately, keeping them blank. He was tired of arguing with himself. He was taking his dog for a walk in a park. That was it.
He searched for the feeling but his body seemed shut off. John pressed his eyes closed a bit more tightly, putting his own hands on Sherlock's hips, hoping that would help.
"Bored with everything else," John said. "You need London, Sherlock. You need the cases and Lestrade and Sam to harass about the cases and Anderson to torment and your brother to face off against and criminals to chase around madly. If that was all gone, I don't think I could keep up with the shagging required to keep you occupied."
"Good bloody question," John muttered in response. He knew the answer – she wanted Sherlock out of the way to deal with Adler herself – but there were so many better ways to have done it. Drugging him would have worked just as well.
John called up the first page he'd been looking at and felt Sherlock frown a bit in confusion at the American flag background splashed across the screen.
"There isn't anything to explain." Two sets of impassive eyes gazed levelly back at him, the irritation almost entirely hidden, but not quite. Sherlock interlaced his fingers, resting his hands on his desk. "Neither of you are unaware of my sleeping patterns." He shrugged slightly, as if unconcerned. "There are times when I need sleep but can't get it. For those times, I have a solution. There's nothing else to it."
"He's regaining some memory," the doctor snapped and Sherlock just raised both eyebrows in response.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but you want me to know what you want, but you also want me to tell you when I want something?" he enquired, arching an eyebrow coolly. "You did say that I should ask you for help when needed."
"Keep on hoping, John," Hassard replied with a grin. "I'd say stay out of trouble but I doubt it would mean much. Have a good night."
"Sure, I know," Singer replied, glancing between the three of them as if confused. "It used to lead down to some old service tunnels that ran under the buildings in this area."
He felt Sherlock staring at him and turned his head enough to see his husband's grey eyes in the dim interior of the car. Although the sun was still up, the darkly tinted windows made the passenger seats feel like a small private world.
Sherlock put his violin away carefully, bristling under John's glare but aware that he had no right to be defensive or angry.
Yes, the bed. He thought about it again with a sleepy smile. He could just get up and go to bed. Sherlock didn't need him. He was talking to the skull, something about McKinney and Canadians and the army and poppies and the inadvisability of buying Chinese take away from hospital vending machines…
Sherlock looked up from his work and sighed when he heard Sam's ring. This was the second unannounced visit and Sherlock was no more enthusiastic about it than he had been the first time. Less now, because he knew what to expect.
Sam blinked, reached out, touched the colour in front of him. His fingers skimmed over soft upholstery. The couch, he was on the couch. He curled in on himself, cold. But he wasn't. The sensation was difficulty to identify – he was warm. Covered with something. He moved, curling his fingers over familiar fabric. The duvet? He could feel a pillow against his face. Not a throw pillow. Why was the couch the bed now?
“Dom?” John asked, and Dominique shook his head as he dragged his attention back. “Everything all right?”
There was no hesitation in his voice, not because he needed to mask it, but because it didn't exist. He'd more than satisfied himself that Amanda Hassard was who she said she was. There was always a chance he was wrong, but Sherlock had acknowledged that and refused to doubt himself – even the smallest doubt would have John questioning it and then Harry, and he had no desire to lead John's sister down that path each time she met someone.
His absence today would be noted – but it had been before, ten years ago. A four-day trip had stretched into nearly three weeks, and almost all of that in silence. His return to London had caused ripples, particularly amongst the select few who were permitted to see him.
"All right. Let me make some tea. I have leftover casserole from last night. I'll heat that up for you."
When I got upstairs, there was this odd smell. That's not unusual either, but normally Sherlock's there to convince me that everything is completely fine, even if something's visibly on fire.
"Did you pull us over to talk about my obvious driving skills?" she asked, raising an eyebrow, impatient.
Sherlock was watching him carefully, as it waiting for some cue. John swallowed a sigh – he'd seen that look a lot in the past couple of weeks. He unlaced his fingers and rubbed his palms together. It was a nervous movement and he knew it, but he couldn't help it.
John unlocked the front door in a hurry and took the steps to the flat two at a time. He cursed to himself as he struggled with his key in the lock and pushed the door open, nearly tripping into the flat in his haste. He glanced around, eyes skimming over the piles of papers, the files, the maps and facts sheets pinned to the walls and doors. This was how their home looked now.
"What about this one?" Irene asked, randomly plucking out a photograph of Jenny with a few other girls, all of them identifiable as schoolmates by their uniforms. Claire moved back to more comfortable memories, and was happy enough to make another pot of tea, bustling about the kitchen, sufficiently distracted for long enough to give Irene the opportunity to slip the Polaroid photo, unnoticed, into her handbag.
"Patience," he murmured, cutting off any reply with another kiss. Sherlock had done a decent job learning that over the past few months – at least in this very specialized area – but his generally impatient nature still won out more often than not.
"But what else is military and requires any number of skills to accomplish its objectives? Paramilitary – terrorist – organizations. The IRA has a number of splinter groups. These do not have databases with files on each member, so no fingerprints there. And if he were a member of one of these branches, he'd have to have a regular job as well – he'd need an income and a cover. Construction is a good choice – he may not be an engineer, but he'd have a solid working knowledge of the strengths and weaknesses of building structures, which would be useful for planting explosives."
But the stairs were daunting and he was breathing heavily when they reached their flat, small silver spots dancing around the edges of his vision. John was irritatingly attuned to this, and got Sherlock lying down on the sofa while he puttered around, opening windows and unpacking their accumulated belongings from the hospital. Mercifully, none of the flowers or cards had come home with them. No intrusions from strangers into their lives.
, Mycroft." John heard the faint intake of breath behind him but Sherlock cut his brother off, snapping the door shut, one hand on John's back propelling him toward the lift.
The knock on the door sparked a sharp, aggrieved sigh from Sherlock that made John grin. He swung himself from the bed where they'd been lounging after a long, hot shower together, and made sure to knot his plush bathrobe tightly at the waist. Sherlock huffed again, protesting the interruption, and drew the covers all the way up to his shoulders, becoming an affronted expression framed by the white linens.
The doctor gave her a look that said he believed that as much as she did. Over fifteen years on the force and she still held out hope. She swallowed a wry chuckle and wondered how she remained an optimist.
"It was a bomb shelter," he said, voice carrying enough in the enclosed space to catch the attention of one or two constables, and Hassard. She crouched next to him, headlamp giving more illumination to the date scratched into the brick.
"And who would have that sort of access?" Sherlock asked, glancing back at Lestrade. "Perhaps a security guard who conveniently forgot his radio when using the toilet at the precise time Singer discovered Douglas' body?"
Every sound seemed heightened now: the rush of the traffic past his window, the low rumble of the engine, the faint chatter of pedestrians as they passed.
"We need to find the cab stands," John murmured as they wound their way into the main concourse. "I don't suppose you'd consent to take a coach. There
"All right, fine," she said. "But I do this on my own. Mary decides what you need to know, not the other way around."
Sherlock didn't want to live with his brother. That would be irritating and tedious all at the same time. Annoyed
"Yes, good afternoon to you, too, Inspector," Sherlock drawled. She raised her eyebrows at him, pursing her lips. He could see her withholding a retort about how he should not be here and it delighted him that his presence galled her.
"Oh," John said, leaning back slightly in his chair, glancing around the flat. He'd almost hoped that by some miracle it would be clean again. He thought of their bed and the downy pillows and the sheets with that high thread count Sherlock liked so much…
The shock on John's face was outdone by his doctor's reflexes; Sherlock felt strong arms underneath his, straining to compensate for the fact that his own legs had turned to jelly.
"We may need your expertise in this area," Sherlock said, stowing his mobile into his suit jacket pocket. He'd already given the cabbie Lassalle's home address, and had apparently satisfied himself that she was there.
Sherlock extended the phone wordlessly and John took it, reading the message, his brown eyes widening in the near darkness.
"It's good that he's coherent," John replied shortly. "Less good that he's confused and doesn't remember much. It's too early to tell much, Mycroft. We just have to wait and see."
"How dare you," John repeated, hearing the sharp edge in his voice. "You– how dare you insinuate that I'm
John had him in under a second, grimacing at the effort of keeping Sherlock upright and balancing the IV stand carefully enough with his shoulder that he could push it back up, managing to get one foot on it to keep it stable. Once it was steady, John gave it no more thought, hauling Sherlock up right before helping the detective slump onto the bed, alarmed at how badly Sherlock was shaking.
"Sherlock, if we hadn't got that videotape from the club, how long do you think it would have taken you to figure out that she hadn't been abducted?"
. He is not the same person. You're a doctor, I know you understand this. How much does he remember even now? Still very little, I'd wager, and likely none of it very significant or personal. Over forty years of life and memories that would – if you could distil them into liquid form – probably fit into a coffee mug. He is not John Riley, nor is he Liam Walker. He can keep either name and he retains the genetics, but even if someone could provide him with descriptions of every event in his life, they still wouldn't be
A faint smile crossed John's lips as he traced one hand upward along Sherlock's sternum, two fingers coming to rest on Sherlock's chin again as John regarded him, almost thoughtfully. Deductions sleeted through Sherlock's mind, the set of John's muscles, the expression on his face, the way he licked his lips quickly, unconsciously –
The shock in John's blue eyes was mirrored in his stance, the way he tensed and drew back slightly, as if he could distance himself from the reality. As if not comprehending – or not wanting to – could change what had to be done.
Bridget had obviously been left as a trap; it frustrated John how well Adler knew how each of them would react. John couldn't leave someone to fall to her death, not when there was something he could do to help (and certainly not after Sherlock's faked suicidal leap), and Sherlock couldn't leave a client in danger for this kind of distraction.
"You can get them, though," he insisted. "They think John's still unconscious. They don't know he doesn't remember anything. You must have some contacts. Let it slip that he's woken up, they'll come back. They don't want him to talk. You've got them right where you want them!"
John's loss had caused an immediate impact, one of the first things to filter into a drugged, disoriented awareness. He had felt it through the cold and pain and the haze left by whatever had been used to poison his mind.
Today it scarcely mattered. John didn't want him at home, even if John himself wouldn't be home during the day. He would have never said it, but Sherlock understood the currents of John's moods far, far better than John suspected he did, particularly when some shift in those currents was in response to him.
Sherlock took the proffered box, feeling somewhat curious. It was light and rattled slightly, a gentle clinking sound, as he pulled the lid off carefully. It was a pale box, shoe-box sized, but the kind designed for storage, with the corners reinforced by small brass clasps.
"If Anthea knows, then others know," Sherlock said simply. "The list, Mycroft, by nine this morning. If you want me to have any hope of solving this, I need you to cooperate. This goes beyond a personal vengeance."
is silence! Silence at an ever increasing price, without any hope of respite because if you stop paying, that silence is broken. And in Magnussen's case, it isn't just broken, isn't just made public, but shouted at you from the front of every newspaper, from every news report, from every credible online source, because
Right now, wood and concrete dust hung in the air, particles dancing in the beam of his flashlight, giving the air a musty, almost woodsy smell. Sherlock inhaled deeply, teasing apart the scents, scouring it for hints of anything else.
Every passing second meant another one that Sherlock might be bleeding out somewhere, dying alone in the dark.
"She was," John agreed, feeling a stab of resentment that he swallowed hard – it wasn't as if Irene was Sherlock's dealer, keeping him addicted and coming back for more. She had, he reminded himself firmly, actually only been trying to help Sherlock when he needed it. "She's worked for him for– I don't know, I think about ten years now. After she quit acting. Obviously."
, he mused, letting his eyes wander down Sherlock's lean frame as the detective led the way toward the building's main entrance. He should have known the attention wouldn't go unnoticed; Sherlock glanced over a shoulder, arching an eyebrow pointedly.
John moaned softly and obeyed and Sherlock knotted his wrists together easily, then secured the tie to the headboard. He never made the knots tight enough that John could not get himself out easily if need be. He never needed to. John never freed himself until they were finished.
He was still sitting there, staring at the tree, when Sherlock whirled in through the door, coming in halfway through a sentence that trailed and billowed behind him with his coat, flitting into the kitchen and out again, into the bedroom and out again, lights turning on around him, his voice a steady stream of chatter. He kept talking, spinning off in new directions as his mind switched from high speed track to high speed track, asking questions that he answered himself half a breath later, nattering about details that sailed right past, over and around John.
Sherlock's intense concentration gave John a good excuse to do something he'd been putting off for half a decade anyway.
Sam filled the glass with water and downed in one go. He refilled it and sat down on the edge of the tub, pushing the curtain out of the way. He sipped the water more slowly, feeling somewhat better for the hydration. He looked around the bathroom as if seeing it for the first time. The bath towels and flannels were dark brown, the hand towels were white for contrast. Sandra had hung a small painting she'd bought at a market above the towel rack. It was of a small red bird on a brown tree branch against a pale blue sky. Her bathrobe, a light blue terrycloth, hung from a hook on the back of the door. She'd bought a ceramic soap dish with tiny gold leaves painted on it and a matching toothbrush holder. Part of the counter next to the sink was taken up by her creams and make up. There was an extra toothbrush in the holder, probably Joanna's. The shower curtain matched the towels: white with dark brown leaves and vines.
bored – the worst possible combination. And Mycroft would insist on keeping things tidier. Hire a cleaner, have someone else in the flat to do the cooking. Always be watching over Sherlock's shoulder. Do this, do that. Mummy would be upset. According to him, Mummy was upset all the time. Sherlock found that suspicious. Surely no one could be disappointed that often, even in him.
"So he goes home every night, reads them stories, then goes out and kills people," John interrupted, staring at the wall past Sherlock. He half felt, half saw the detective hesitate and switched his gaze back to his husband, whose expression was equal measures dark and hesitant.
He blinked, realizing it had actually been that long. He'd stored the photos and albums he'd brought home from among her possessions in the upstairs closet, always intending to do something about it, but never quite getting around to it because there was always something more important to do. John wondered if he should feel guilty about that, about relegating the little he had left of his sister to the back of his mind and the back of a closet, but he couldn't bring himself to. He'd glanced through one of the albums before he'd brought it home, and it was mostly pictures of people he didn't know, or older ones of Clara and Harry.
John sighed and leaned his head back, trying to convince his heart that it was all right to stop beating quite so fast.
, Sam told himself. Richards knew dogs. He'd picked this one for Sam specifically, remembering his case as a lot of officers did. Sam was reluctantly used to the idea by now, used to seeing the same mixture of disbelief and bemusement whenever someone made the connection, as if they were trying to work out the odds of his survival. Often he saw pity. Sometimes he saw animosity – the Met had put on a large funeral, after all. A lot of people had attended. It had cost a lot of money.
"So?" he said. "Your patient was fine, right? You didn't know the cop who died. You're out of the traffic jam anyway. I'll talk to you when you get home from work."
John nodded; he had thought this was what she'd been thinking. He hugged her and rocked her, wondering how to phrase his answer so that it would make sense to her.
," Hassard said. "You don't win it like a medal. Life changes, you change with it. Otherwise, what's the point?"
"John, no, you had Sherlock to think about. Greg told me. He came in just before, um, she– the body did. You want to see it, don't you?"
"Hardly," Sherlock drawled. "As you're still conscious and breathing. It's scarcely my fault if you don't pay close enough attention to your surroundings to hear me come into the room. I was in no way attempting to be silent and the floorboards are particularly prone to creaking two thirds of the way between your chair and the kitchen."
"It would be best to show you," Sherlock replied. He unfolded from John's chair in a smooth movement and settled into the space on the sofa the doctor cleared for him, laptop propped on his knees. After a brief moment of typing, the computer was passed to John, who was greeted with a headline announcing the discovery of a murdered man's body at a construction site.
It occurred to him to wonder for the first time where Sherlock was, if he was hiding somewhere in the flat.
But had he been frightened when that happened? Sam couldn't remember. But he could remember wanting to die. Had he been relieved when he'd tipped over the edge, Jim Moriarty's dead hand still caught in his hair? Had he been scared?
John rested his chin against the top of Sherlock's head and closed his eyes as well. He held on, keeping the silence, for a long time.
It would bother Sherlock more than him, and he wasn't about to give his partner any chance to derail the conversation again.
to remember," he whispered. She nodded again and he felt her warm breath on his lips when she exhaled.
He ignored the assessment deliberately, checking his phone in the secret hope of a text from John. There were several from Irene, all of which had been read, judging by the fact that they were no longer displaying on his lock screen.
It was always trying when people were unreasonably sentimental about family. It did seem odd, the idea that she had a brother out there, whose existence was so new to her but who had been living a whole life before crossing her path, but she was glad that it had to be no more than a passing knowledge.
Sherlock shut down the way John expected him to, the way he always did when Mycroft showed up unexpectedly, that familiar defensiveness made even worse by his partner's heightened awareness of his own vulnerability.
Sherlock hadn't taken the bait with the letter but the Woman would have other resources at her disposal. A name somehow linked back to Mary, the connection unclear… He would have uncovered it if he'd been interested in France when it had first come up, and he would have led her right where she'd wanted to go.
There was no price he could put on things returning to normal – or at least what passed for normal for them, which John wouldn't have traded for the world. The first case for the Met led to another, and another, and Lestrade and Amanda lost any concern they might have had about enlisting Sherlock's help, falling back into the habit of calling him at all hours, giving him a spotlight for his genius, making him shine.
"Then I remember you caught me," he said. "I thought I was going to fall but you caught me. I know that's not right. But I can feel it. You couldn't have done, you were too far away. But it's– I can remember the feeling of your arms under my shoulders holding me up and you telling me that you had me."
Sherlock tensed briefly then sighed harshly, all of the tautness evaporating from his muscles. In his sleep, he settled himself more securely around John, tucking himself into all the empty spaces. It was always a bit too warm, but John had never really been able to mind. It helped Sherlock, and it meant something to the doctor, too. He'd never admit it out loud, because it sounded ridiculously sentimental even inside his own mind, but it felt like it was erasing all the distance of nine-month and three-day absences.
walking distance," he added, aware that Sherlock considered the entire city to be walkable, given the right amount of time.
"No?" John asked, arching an eyebrow, brown eyes glinting with laughter. Sherlock huffed, wrapping a hand around the back of John's neck to pull him down again, feeling the doctor's smile against his own lips.
"Don't mess about, do you, young man? You and the detectives and the military police. I– was inside the building, I think. We'd just had a meeting. We– " he paused, clearing his throat then coughing weakly. Sherlock poured some water from the bottle beside the bed into a small plastic cup and held it steadily to McKinney's lips for the older man to sip. McKinney drank it slowly, then let his head drop back against his pillows with a sigh.
When he wanted to read or just relax, he took himself upstairs to the guest room, which was at least free of clutter pertaining to the case. It saved him from listening to Sherlock's relentless muttering and pacing as well. He offered to help as much as he could but he wasn't much use right now – as far as Sherlock was concerned, anyway. There had been a two day stretch where Sherlock hadn't spoken a word except a single grunt in response to John's enquiry about his health. And that hardly counted as a word. Work was interspersed with the typical violin playing – thankfully not while John was sleeping but he wondered if that would last – and talking to the skull.
He'd managed to force himself to shower to get rid of the smell, and to change. He'd binned the jeans and the blanket he'd used on the roof and run John's t-shirt through the laundry twice, sitting in the downstairs hallway in front of the dryer while the shirt had been in the wash, switching places once the shirt was drying. Mrs. Hudson had thankfully not come out during this entire time – or she wasn't at home. Sherlock had no idea and did not even care that he didn't know.
who were fans of Sherlock's, whom he'd first mentioned during Sherlock and John's visit, and presented Sherlock with a number of business cards, each with personal and heartfelt thank you notes written on the back.
It was clothing she was carrying, he realized belatedly. And he was still in the gown the hospital had given him.
"No," John said firmly, shaking his head and pushing himself to his feet. "I can handle it." He had no desire to be at home right now, stewing over Sherlock's complete stupidity and chaffing as he waited for his unconscious partner to wake up and explain himself.
Sherlock stared at her, then dropped his gaze again, managing to repress a shudder. He stared at his tea without seeing it, and felt the sting in his eyes that made him squeeze them shut hard, refusing to allow himself to cry. He would
John stopped when he rounded a corner and stared at the other side of the street. For a moment, he wondered if maybe he were imagining it, then he chastised himself for reading too much into it.
"Leave it!" he snapped. "It serves him right, running off on his bloody own to chase down a bloody murderer just like– every other bloody time!"
It did, suddenly, leaving him gasping, curling downwards towards John, who managed to catch him, one handed, his own shoulders heaving. For one moment – one delicious, sublime moment, no longer than the space of heartbeat – there was nothing but his body and John’s, his mind ecstatically blank, processing only the two of them, the heated air between them, the smell of sex, the serious expression on John’s face as he watched Sherlock intently, eyes rimmed red, cheeks tear-streaked.
He couldn't talk to either of them about this. How to ask John to help him resolve the problem he'd created with John? He was sure that would only make things worse. He had no desire to speak to Tricia, who would be angry with him and disinclined to help.
"You can bloody well wait for a paramedic," he said. Sherlock shifted, exasperated – he understood why John was annoyed, but this was getting tiresome.
The knowing smirk Sherlock cast over his shoulder vanished when the detective’s eyes flickered to something beside him, and it took John a moment to remember he’d left bags there.
"I think you'll find he's very good at that," Sherlock murmured. John resisted throwing a glare Sherlock's way, keeping his gaze fixed on Mycroft so as not to let his brother-in-law weasel his way out of the question.
A surprised smile twitched at the edges of Sherlock’s lips, the kind he wore when caught by an unexpected compliment.
"Mycroft's brother, right?" he asked, his voice weak and raspy but the smallest of smiles playing on his lips. John saw Sherlock stiffen slightly – he hated being relegated to that role. But he gave a tight nod.
The small clock on his desk chimed one-thirty very quietly; it had never been loud, and could barely be heard outside the room, even with the door open. Sherlock stood, taking a few minutes to stretch, and padded into the kitchen to fix himself a cup of tea in expert silence. For a moment, he considered taking the trip up to the roof of his building, where his telescope was housed in a small, private garden, but decided against the effort.
"New identity, new life, Doctor Watson. Keeping him safe. We have regular contact with him – but his attack came shortly after he last reported in. I would have had no reason to suspect anything had happened to him until shortly before New Year's. And now I have to worry that I've failed in my job because someone may have found him. If this wasn't random..."
Presuming the driver had been involved, and not himself a victim of a carjacking, a body not yet discovered.
"If it were that simple, you would have gone through proper channels, not resorted to having Irene provide you with illegal drugs. And, at very least, you would have told Cheryl about them, because it is her actual job to make sure you don't come to any harm – which I'm sure is made much more difficult when you are so brazenly irresponsible with your own damn health. Not to mention you should have told John. And me."
The faint chime of an alert on her phone was a welcome distraction; Mary sat back from her work, picking up her mobile, arching an eyebrow at the small screen.
Somehow, Harry had ended up with it, or a least a copy of it, and John had collected it from her belongings after her death five years ago.
It sparked a dark rage, to be played like that – not for himself, but for Sherlock. That someone with so little could have it toyed with, threatened to be taken away again and again until it had actually happened.
He'd probably point out that it was a different circumstance altogether and that it was late afternoon, not the middle of the night, that it was a different flat, anything like that. Sam knew these things – he also knew Moriarty was dead and therefore in no position to invade his home, but telling himself that and getting his body to believe it were sometimes two different things.
Nor did he have any desire for the media to photograph him in the back seat of a car occupied by two police officers.
He remembered what she'd told Sherlock about Sebastian Moran, about taking care of a problem herself. Sherlock had been in her way, however briefly, and she'd removed him.
“Talk to me,” John said instead, needing to distract Sherlock as much as he needed to distract himself. “Tell me about the people you can see. Give me their life’s stories.”
memories. All of those experiences which built him, they're not there right now. They may come back – but even if they all do, there's no guarantee that he will view them the same way he used to. He is, quite simply, not the same person."
"He's one of your Americans, isn't he?" John asked, the slight pressure easing up on Sherlock's knee so that the doctor could run his fingertips lightly up and down the inside of Sherlock's thigh. Not quite suggestive, but not quite casual either.
John texted back with some ridiculous emoji that Sherlock would never admit to appreciating. He put his phone aside and shifted his shoulders, dislodging some of the discomfort, before calling for Tina, who opened his door with her usual promptness.
you to be breaking these stupid rules! I want you to give us all the slip and end up brilliantly solving some amazing case – I
have been in the building – but odds are it wasn't even you. A partial match means some of the points they use to determine fingerprints are the same but not all of them. Fingerprints are unique to each person but they're also very complex."
John stood in front of the door, staring at the scratched and worn brass numbers. He wasn't sure how long he'd been standing there, but when he started to notice other pedestrians giving him odd looks, he sighed and fished his keys out of his pocket. John unlocked the door soundlessly and let himself back into the old house, shutting against just as quietly. He kept his back to the stairs for a moment, then turned around slowly.
"I'm not you," John said. He knew he was half-asking Sherlock to take the case and wanted to retract his words – for the second time in less than a day. He shut his eyes, feeling stupid all over again.
"Whatever money she may have kept giving them, they never used the gallery again," Morgan continued. "We didn't just lose a good sergeant when Healy died, we lost a lot of information."
It was his phone buzzing gently that woke him – alone again – in the morning; John managed to quell the instinct to reach out with his left hand just in time to avoid straining anything. Sleeping without the sling was a relief, but he'd have to get used to keeping himself in check.
"You'll be all right," he said, and that wasn't a lie. He wouldn't let it be. "Stay with us. Just a little while longer."
Before Sherlock could protest or John could draw a breath to stop him doing so, Georges disappeared down the hallway again, leaving them with the baby, who was happily gurgling on Sherlock's knee. She took the opportunity to pitch the dummy halfway across the room and sat patiently waiting for half a moment before her tiny features began to crumple.
"Remember, nice," Hassard muttered under her breath as Sherlock moved past her to sit in front of the monitor.
"And if he'd been facing the railing when pushed, he would most likely have tumbled midair and landed on his back as well. This wasn't a struggle. He was forced over, not pushed over."
They got ready in an awkward silence, and John was glad that Sherlock didn't hesitate to shower and get dressed. It annoyed him a little – he definitely wasn't in the mood for anything, but Sherlock deserved to feel at least a twinge of rejection. John was glad of Sherlock's lengthy morning routine – after all, a crime lord had to look the part and Sherlock had never been balked at capitalizing on looking stunning – because when his partner was finally ready, John was most of the way through breakfast.
"Yes, you're sorry," John interrupted, not harshly but in that same flat tone he'd adopted, the one that was worse than any anger. "Of course you're sorry. You're sorry you got caught because it makes everything complicated. Sherlock, do you understand that I'm not angry at for you doing it? I'm hurt that you didn't tell me."
Lestrade's number on the screen heartened him somewhat, although he wondered if he shouldn't bother getting his hopes up.
," John snapped, waving the letter for emphasis, "sat on your desk for months after you decided it was boring and the author was too French!"
to do it, nor how to communicate with us! And why not? Another step removed. Safer," he spat, glaring at his phone.
He took another slow, deep breath for good measure, remembering what Sherlock had said the night before about letting Adler live in his head. He didn't need to crowd his life with Mary too, and Harry certainly didn't need him obsessing over it.
"And have you got time for me?" Sherlock asked, letting the cool tone dip back into his voice, knowing John would see right through it.
John thought about protesting again but it came out as only a sigh as his eyes drifted shut. He managed to shuffle himself up onto the bed fully and lie down on his back. Sherlock pulled the blankets gently out from under him and then covered him lightly. John opened his eyes blearily and watched Sherlock watching him, still and silent for a moment before leaning down, pressing his lips gently to John's forehead, straightening again and leaving the room, closing the door behind him with a soft click.
"I've got my phone on," he said and Sandra nodded, looking concerned. Sam shook his head slightly at her – if he left and walked off the steam, he'd be all right. He knew he was being selfish, that Sherlock probably needed him, but he'd learned his own limits. Through a lot of effort, he'd learned when he needed to be selfish for his own well-being. But there were limits there, too – Sandra needed to be able to get ahold of him when he needed some time out.
Then he'd wake Sherlock up, having no compunctions against that anymore, because if he needed reassurance, Sherlock was the only person who could give it in the small hours on the night. It was often enough just to have Sherlock awake and holding him, to remember that they were both safe and unharmed.
The sultry smile that stretched across Sherlock's lips didn't help matters; John held his hands steady through long years of medical training, managing to get a couple of good shots before he tossed the phone aside, fumbling out of his jeans and pants, nearly scrambling onto the bed.
He kept an ear on the conversation behind him. Lestrade filling John in on the details. Important for anything the DI might have caught that could be telling. Position of the body would have been so informative, he'd need photographs but for now… The man who belonged in this office, not the younger imposter left dead in his chair. Missing, but his familiar haunts would mean little, corpses didn't have preferences.
"I want you to take me to dinner," Sherlock replied, tracing distracting little patterns on the small of John's back, "and you want to show me off. What's the expression? 'Win-win'?"
He sat down on the couch again, grateful to be off his feet. Sandra offered to take Veronique's coat and handbag and the agent handed them over with a genuine smile of thanks. Veronique liked Sandra, Sam knew, even if she made Sandra nervous.
All of that and John still seemed displeased when they sat down around the table, as though Sherlock had deliberately spited him by doing as he was told.
. He was a genius. He had honed his mind to perfection, trained his body to listen to it, rather than the other way around.
In true fashion, Irene was not waiting for Sherlock when he arrived at the office, but swept it the moment before he'd had the chance to truly get settled. It might have been her stage training, but Sherlock suspected darkly that she did this on purpose. With everyone.
"Please– John– J–" John could barely hear the words Sherlock could barely form past the rush of blood, the shared moans, the bright haze at the edges of his vision. He managed to work a hand between them, making Sherlock cry out, trying to jerk away with nowhere to go. He felt fingertips dig into his scar, and his world went white as Sherlock clenched around him, the cock in his hands pulsing as he shuddered through his own orgasm, hips thrusting helplessly.
And where had they returned him to? That information didn’t appear to exist, either. Whoever had taken him and wherever they’d taken him to, they must have left a trace.
"Well, we're both police officers. Generally when a crime's been committed, we police officers are called in to look for clues and try and solve the damn thing."
Fumbling, John drew the duvet over them, letting himself be tugged along as Sherlock settled onto his back, long limbs encaging him expertly. John wound himself around Sherlock in return, face buried against Sherlock's neck, feeling the slowing beat of a pulse against his forehead as fingers trailed lazily up his spine, the movement drifting away as sleep crept in and stole over both of them.
"Yes," he said, moving the pen from between his teeth but keeping it against his lips. He kept his gaze firmly on the wall but John saw the flicker of eyelashes when he nodded.
The dog sniffed his ankles, following him happily into the bedroom, where he stowed his suit in the closet, unwilling to discard the garment bag when so much animal hair was floating around. Sam's demeanour suggested she hadn't been alone long; John and the children had likely taken her to the park, which meant they hadn't gone to the museum. It was irrelevant knowledge, gathered more out of habit than anything.
"Mm," Sherlock sighed, arching his neck back to give John access to keep kissing. John let his tongue dart between his lips to taste the detective, too, earning a small, approving sigh. "Then we'll confine your use of French to me."
"I don't know," Sherlock said, unlocking his phone. "But Anthea can check his phone records for me. I strongly suspect in the moments before the explosion, we will find he was speaking to someone on a prepaid mobile."
"You would have stopped? No." Sherlock leaned forward, fixing his bright grey eyes on the doctor. "You would have told yourself there was a possibility you were wrong and you'd have continued trying to help him because he may not have been guilty."
Sherlock's fingers found smooth skin, skimming upward, before John's hands closed over his wrists, a warning look in his eyes.
Not that John ever really minded. It was hard to mind, when Sherlock was also so very good at turning that weakness into shuddering pleasure.
Sherlock had no illusions that a man like Magnussen had the resources to dig – although what he'd find would depend on Sherlock himself.
John grinned again. He thought back to his fortieth birthday, how he'd grumbled and moaned, and gave a rueful smile – in February he'd be forty-six.
"Sherlock," Josephine said promptly and John blinked, then burst out laughing, half at the name, half at the expression on his husband's face. He heard Tricia's sudden surprised laughter, too, and then her face appeared behind her daughter's.
John stayed silent, listening to the sound of the waves carried on the breeze, listening to the mingled pattern of their breathing. It was easy to believe they were they only two people on the planet at the moment – they couldn't see the other villas from where they were, and if anyone else was up and about in the house, they were neither visible nor audible. Vaguely, John hoped all the staff were getting a good night's sleep. He liked the idea that he and Sherlock were the only two people awake in the villa. At least they were alone in the family wing, just the two of them and the Mediterranean spread out below them, shimmering darkly as waves crested and broke in the moonlight.
Finally Mycroft let them leave, sending them home in one of his cars. John settled in the back, grateful that the driver was removed from them by a pane of darkened glass. He sank into the leather seat and leaned his head against the headrest.
It certainly wasn't the strangest request Sherlock had ever made she considered as they manhandled an unresponsive corpse into the suit.
She jotted down the few she knew the others had met and when and why, to the best of her recollection. Certainly a few of them had expressed interest in Sherlock or Charles, and the occasional man had had that interest returned, but never for very long and never with any complications when things ultimately ended.
He'd been working all night with a frenetic energy that John usually associated with an adrenaline high that was about to crash. He'd seen it before, had gone through it himself – a post-catastrophe buzz made up of residual panic and the utter relief that things were all right, that he had survived, that everyone he knew was alive. He'd been watching Sherlock in this state for hours and it was making him tense. He could feel the muscles in his shoulders knotting, the scar tissue in his old wound protesting. That, along with the exertion of moving rubble earlier in the day, was going to make for a painful tomorrow.
A bitter smile touched John's lips; Sherlock had obviously changed his tune when it came to his personal life but not with the cases. He still saw them as puzzles to be solved that just happened to involve the complication of human beings – all of whom could be reduced to their actions and motivations.
"But we still don't know what the information was," John protested, feeling cast adrift, scrambling to understand the connections.
John cursed when the small dot tracking the general location of Sherlock's mobile vanished abruptly from the computer screen.
and bored of waiting for his memory to improve, convinced the tiny, incremental progress John insisted he was seeing was only the doctor’s delusional, hopeful thinking.
"And you told me just this morning that one of the emails you got was made up! This isn't the first time you've had a fake case, and you know it!"
"I don't think I have one," Doe murmured and John opened his mouth to ask why not before realizing the other man was looking around the room.
It irritated Sherlock that John so obviously wasn't there; surely, as a doctor, he had a duty to provide medical support?
"I am worried – or I was," John said. "But you're eating better and if you keep it up, you'll be fine. And I don't find you unattractive."
Moving too quickly for John to react, Sherlock reached out with both hands, pressing his left palm firmly over McKinney's mouth and splaying his right hand against the man's ribs, pushing down hard. McKinney's sudden cry was muffled by Sherlock's hand.
Her phone rang, startling her, and Donovan took a steadying breath before reaching for the receiver.
Tricia leaned forward and refilled his glass. John's eyes flickered up to her. She was a bit blurry – did he need glasses? No, he decided. It was probably the gin. He tried again to remember how much he'd had but gave up.
He felt wind whisper over his skin, saw the spiral of stars above him – and locked down the memory fast before it could get a grip on his nerves, show on his face.
John rolled his eyes but slipped the dog tags on. He opened the fridge and found a note beside the milk.
She shook her head, the light from John's torch moving slightly across the page as if searching for an answer.
And he wondered about Mycroft, who insisted that sentiment was such a flaw, yet had planned years ahead to give his brother a gift Sherlock had wanted all of his life.
“What if–” Gabriel began, but Sherlock cut him off with a sharp shake of his head, killing that suspicion before it had a chance to grow any more.
"I know who she is, Mister Holmes. I know quite a lot of people. So did Jim. So, I'm sure, does Ms Adler. Doubtless she and I even know some of the same people, although I suspect in very different capacities. I've never met her, and until now, I haven't had the least inclination to do so. Until now, she's had nothing I want."
Sam blinked, surprise flickering across his features. He managed a stunned nod and licked his lips, his fingers tightening around his mug. Judging by his reaction, he'd realised he had a hazy memory from being in the river.
ideas," he replied. He wondered if Sherlock would handle a holiday with Josephine. He was good with her for short periods of time but John somehow doubted that Sherlock could cope with several days of a small child, even if that small child was Josephine. Generally, John was the only person from whom Sherlock did not have to escape.
He followed John around, pestering, needling, getting under his skin, nearly tasting the exasperation growing until John's patience snapped, dragging Sherlock down with it. The exquisite torture lasted ages, until Sherlock could feel nothing but the burn of pleasure down every nerve, see nothing but blackness, the bite of the cuffs on his wrists the only thing grounding him as his breath caught in his chest and his body screamed.
"No," Lestrade said and John was startled by the ice in his voice. "It seems that you force has been withholding information from us that could have helped us solve this case. Twelve years. A man's death has gone unsolved and unpunished for
"I am, but we don't publish him. I've read some of his novels," she gestured vaguely at the built in bookshelves behind her in the airy living room, the shelves themselves overflowing with books, sometimes two deep, or stacked on one another, an obvious contrast to the otherwise uncluttered, ordered space. "A couple book launches, some parties…"
In the car on the way to the office, Gabriel replayed the entire conversation, slowly, in his mind – not the one he'd had with John, but the one with Morstan. On the surface, it appeared innocuous and he knew full well it might be. There was nothing unusual about the topics, nor about anything she'd said.
John pulled out his phone, called up a map of the UK and positioned himself next to the bed so that he could hold it and Doe could see it.
Sherlock was silent for a long moment, looking away. Anything was preferable than meeting her eyes right now.
“Extraordinarily brilliant,” he said, scissoring gently, relishing the way Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed, the way fingertips tightened, digging into his back.
He felt a moment’s fear that it was the concussion, but no – he’d felt this way before, once, when he’d first met the Woman. He’d been able to read John then, and he could still pick up all of the mundane thoughts and experiences etched into his partner’s features, but he didn’t understand
They spent the rest of the ride to the flat in silence and trudged up the steps together. John went into the kitchen immediately and made some soup and toast, setting half of it aside for Sherlock. He sat at the kitchen table and ate in silence, not surprised that Sherlock didn't join him. When he was done, he rinsed his dishes and went back into the living room.
"Tell him Moriarty died. Tell him he lived. Tell him what year it is, tell him about Sandra. Give him facts."
The click of plastic against the table made him snap his eyes open; Sherlock had returned so quietly John hadn't heard him. Eyes darted to the bottle of ibuprofen that had been deposited beside him, and John fought down a startled reaction when a soft bundle of clothing was dumped unceremoniously into his lap.
She didn't know how long it had been before Sam had been able to get up with her help and shuffle into their bedroom. She had helped him change, hating how tense he was when he took off his work clothing, how quickly he pulled on his pyjamas. She had hated the relief with which he took one of the strong sleeping pills he hadn't used since August and before that for eight months. She hated how he looked now – pale, drawn, eyes red-rimmed and shadowed by deep circles that looked like bruises, muscles taut, probably sore, exhausted, vulnerable. He looked smaller, somehow, like the man she'd known had been stripped away, leaving only a faded image behind.
It was so strange to consider that the sentimentality Sherlock so often disdained in others had worked its way into his life. But so very Sherlock that he never called attention to it, hid it away, kept it secret for himself.
For Sherlock and Mycroft, that meant cold, cutting comments that went beyond their normal barbs and feints into deeply personal, vicious remarks that had left John speechless.
They lay in silence for awhile, hands mapping the other's skin absently and lightly, then John stirred a bit, tucking one hand under his head and regarding Sherlock.
A sudden burst of light blindsided him and something grabbed him – John screwed his eyes shut and spun into the grip, throwing his weight against it. There was a distinctly female grunt as air was knocked out of lungs, but the grip didn't loosen. John slitted his eyes and swung the beam of his own flashlight into the woman's face.
One of the paramedics helped haul John up into the ambulance, the sudden change in height making John lightheaded again. He set his jaw against it, crouching down at the foot of the stretcher where he could reach up to hold Sherlock's hand, however uncomfortable that was, to let the paramedics work. One of them thumped twice on the front of the ambulance and John braced himself as the vehicle rumbled to life, catching a nauseating whiff of the vomit he was still wearing.
“Sherlock, hi,” he said, forcing his tone to light and unconcerned, gripping the banister so hard with his free hand his knuckles went white.
Sherlock had checked for it shortly after returning, after John had let him move back in. It had been where he'd left it, undisturbed.
"Mm?" John asked, shifting a bit and stretching as he blinked himself awake. "Sherlock? What is it?"
By the time John got upstairs, Sherlock was already chewing through a pen like it was an Olympic event, pacing the flat with sharp, agitated strides. Shedding his coat and toeing off his shoes, John kept a careful eye on his husband – who acknowledged him with only a grunt and a brief flicker of his grey eyes.
Mary sat back from her computer, tilting her head to one side and sighing with quiet relief as muscles stretched and joints cracked. Her shoulders were stiff from sitting for far too long, honed assassin's muscles protesting the unaccustomed inactivity.
– and a deep breath didn't expel the memory, the sensation, but at least shelved it, locked in that bright, hot room where he dared not go.
He took a cab, which he knew would annoy Sherlock, because – as Sherlock had pointed out on more than one occasion – he had a driver for a reason.
Sherlock popped the button of John's jeans and folded himself easily to his knees. John's whole body twitched in anticipation and Sherlock chuckled low in his chest leaning forward to nuzzle John's erection through his jeans. The doctor moaned softly, then gasped hard when Sherlock caught his zipper between his teeth and tugged it down in a smooth movement. He steadied John's hips when they bucked then drew away to John's corresponding groan of protest.
The space felt smaller, suspicion confirmed by the bottom of the stairs caught in his light after only a few steps. Sherlock kept an ear tuned to the sounds of Hassard and the constable climbing up after him, and took stock of his surroundings – this was a used space, cluttered by equipment and not by graffiti. Footprints everywhere – probably the ones they were looking for, but impossible to discern amidst all the others – and the equipment here hadn’t been abandoned, judging by the outlines on the concrete floor where things had clearly been moved.
, John told himself. Not empty. Because it had never been properly cleared out. Oh, the furniture would stay with the flat, but there were still things there that were
John closed his eyes. It hardly mattered. He could see it in his head like a map, the changes overlain by ghosts of the way it had been, before they had gradually and by unspoken agreement taken over the ground floor flat. An unintentional migration. A handful of things moved upstairs. Books donated to a charity shop, bookshelves refilled from the overabundance on the first floor. A small piece of furniture replaced. Linens and duvets swapped out for a guest. Pieces of Sherlock's experiments relocated to the empty fridge. A larger piece of furniture – the sofa – substituted for a new one.
The minutes inched by, long after Sherlock had figured out how to deal with both John and Gabriel. The waiting chafed, but he knew better to than call John, and he wasn't about to rush the confrontation with Gabriel.
"Yes. It means Mycroft's been in our flat – repeatedly – and because you're both creepily observant, he's seen that I've got some of his books."
"He was a terrible man," John replied, only half surprised to hear himself nearly echoing words he'd said to Sherlock on their first case together, when he'd made a decision and shot a stranger – and a serial killer.
Sherlock's inbox probably wanted clearing, too, but John stayed away from that unless the need was really dire; accessing the detective's email usually resulted in retaliation in the form of hacking his blog.
"I'm glad you're going," she said, shooting Sherlock a look over her shoulder. "Your poor father. No one should be alone at Christmas."
John stared at his husband, realizing that he was breathing hard. And then remembered two windowpanes shattered by a bullet and a dying cabbie. He remembered a gun pressed to Jim Moriarty's throat, and he would have done it, too, to save Sherlock, if Sherlock had only had the sense to run when told to. And he remembered Tricia in her kitchen, standing over the body of the woman who'd held her hostage, the assassin's own weapon in her hand.
"I'd like you not to see her. Right now. Sarah. Not Tricia," Sherlock muttered. John was silent for a long moment and Sherlock forced himself to look over at his husband. John was very still and tense, his eyes somewhat narrowed, his jaw set. He seemed to be holding himself from any kind of response and Sherlock realised with shock that John may well say no.
She thought of herself ten years ago, about the decisions she'd made that had led her to where she stood now, contemplating her city at night. Nothing would have changed her choices, of course, but perhaps she should have insisted that Sherlock at least make John aware of the drugs and the issue.
She’d found him after he’d already found it, before he’d had it fully but knowing it was there, and taking it utterly for granted.
"Mm," Sherlock replied and burrowed his face into his pillow with a sleepy, satisfied smile. John knew it wouldn't last and he wished a case came would in soon; he did his best, but he couldn't keep Sherlock distracted all the time. He hoped Sherlock could be convinced to go shopping with him or that he'd get a brilliant idea for a new experiment that would both keep him entertained and not cause any fires.
They said their goodbyes and John headed for the lift, thoughts of home nudging for his attention, debating a cab versus the tube. Each visit with Doe only seemed to reinforce what
"Yes and no," John replied. "I'll call her this evening and make sure she's all right and make sure she rings her sister or Sam's. We're not abandoning her, Sherlock. Yeah, right now she could probably use someone else, but Sam can't. I mean, he won't be able to deal with it. And she's a nurse. She'll know if she has to get him to a hospital." He paused, searching Sherlock's face. "You can expect to help with this, you know. Sam trusts you. He'll need people he trusts right now."
He accepted the delivered coffee with a thanks and a sigh, wishing for something stronger or sweeter. Cliché as it was, there had to be a box of doughnuts around here somewhere. Surely no one would really protest the boss helping himself to one? It would be good to get up and stretch his legs too. Get the blood moving.
Sherlock had left him a hasty text message, the incomprehensible kind John associated with early case communication. Something about a stolen gem and a turkey. He couldn't quite put the two together and gave up trying in defence against the headache it threatened to cause.
Sherlock huffed but the smile didn't entirely vanish. He moved up, as if for a kiss, and John couldn't stop himself from shaking his head. Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him, hands covering John's desperate ones, moving them away.
Sherlock made an impatient noise and pointed to the ceiling above him. John looked up to see a little sprig of mistletoe dangling from the archway. He grinned and rolled his eyes.
When Sherlock was satisfied that Sam was on his feet and was unlikely to collapse again or lose consciousness, he moved away, expanding the distance between them with long strides, and went to fetch Lestrade.
It wasn’t really the ride itself – god knew Gerald had driven him plenty of places before, with or without Sherlock.
The blue symbols surrounding the red writing were more intricate than he'd first noticed, too. He took another couple of shots, close up to capture them in detail, further back to catch the phrase as well.
qualified. It qualified when Kelsi Murray was murdered – although admittedly we didn't know that – but it also qualified as soon as this man started killing in England after committing murder in Scotland. Interpol's already on this."
It was obvious anyway. He knew it was. It was never with the clients or the deductions. Those came naturally, like water spilling through a breach in a dam. He didn’t need to control them, didn’t need to think about them – they were just there, like blaring adverts announcing the stupid secrets and petty problems they all had, which they wouldn’t have if they just paid attention for five minutes.
Although, he had to admit, Josephine was a lot warmer than Sherlock had likely been as a child, and didn't evaluate people in the same way. Whereas John could perfectly imagine a child Sherlock doing it to upset people, Josephine just did it because she was bright and she'd learned how. John would have to put some effort into teaching her when it was appropriate, though, because Sherlock thought it was appropriate all of the time, even when it clearly wasn't. If he couldn't make the distinction himself, he wasn't about to instil it into a five-year-old girl's mind.
John had seen that expression once before. After Wales, when they’d gotten the results of his shoulder x-ray back.
"Yes," he replied, meeting John's gaze again. "Thank you," he added after a moment's hesitation. It was inadequate to express how reassuring it was to know the option was open to him again, that when the memories overtook him, leaving him desperate and rung out, he'd be able to escape.
The sound of his phone chiming jarred him and John scrabbled to free it from his pocket, unlocking it to find a programme running that he hadn't known he had. The tracking system was mirrored on his phone's small screen, a reassuring confirmation of the information on the tech's computer.
"I can tell you how, at least," a female voice answered. Sherlock looked up smoothly, unperturbed; he'd heard the footsteps approaching down the corridor, recognized them well enough by now. Hassard held up a file as proof before passing it to him.
"I imagine she is capable of determining when someone is reading far too much into a statement," Mycroft snapped back. John was surprised at the sudden defensiveness in his brother-in-law's voice. Judging by the way Sherlock's hand stiffened slightly on John's hip, he was, too. John drew a deep breath and wondered how often Sherlock was going to make pointed remarks about Angela in Mycroft's presence now. He reached down and interlaced their fingers, squeezing lightly, silently asking for calm. He knew Sherlock liked Angela – if 'liked' was the right word – but he also knew Sherlock wouldn't pass up any opportunity to get under Mycroft's skin.
"Stop!" Sherlock snapped abruptly, aware of the disruption it caused John, the sudden tension in Bridget's muscles that she wrested under control with admirable speed – she even remembered to turn on her blinker before pulling off to the side of the street, engine still running.
Sherlock's family had visited, of course, and she thought they were an odd bunch. His mother seemed genuinely loving and worried. His brother seemed annoyed at the situation and the fact that it could neither be resolved nor could the medical staff provide any hard and fast answers to his questions about Sherlock's prognosis. His father had been stiff and uncomfortable, as if he'd never been in a hospital before.
"So," she said, the casualness of her tone belied by the intent way she was focusing on making breakfast rather than looking at him, "how are things?"
a terrorist. And then he decided this was objectionable and began assisting the police, a decision which led to him being removed from his home, his own identity, and moved to England. But you're angry with him."
appreciate Sherlock’s fingers and what they could do – it wasn’t just the violin that his partner could play so expertly or with such finesse.
"Good," John replied, and Sherlock relaxed slightly, glancing around the room, confusion suddenly replacing the annoyance. He sat partway up, registered Mycroft's presence, and lay back down quickly, meeting John's eyes with more than a touch of panic.
