"Forward, but I'll take it." Dean stands up, takes off his jeans, before crawling into bed. He's a little hesitant to get close to Cas, so Cas shifts himself into Dean's space, burying himself into Dean's chest. Dean wraps his arms around him and nuzzles into his hair.
After a bit, Cas pulls out of Dean, getting a whine from Dean. Cas silences him with a kiss, before he heads to the bathroom. He returns with a washcloth and less clothes then when he entered.
His breath against Dean's ear makes him shiver. He kisses Cas' neck, moaning in pleasure against the skin when Cas' hand rakes through his hair. Cas' other hand squeezes the back of his neck, as he pulls him back to kiss him roughly. He plants his other knee onto the bed, so he’s now straddling Dean. They groan when he presses their crotches together.
Dean looks a little sheepish. "A couple days. You were pretty touch and go- you'd wake up for a minute or two- but you were kinda... unfocused, like glassy-eyed. Jack can fill you in on what you missed." Dean shifts in his seat. "D'you- what d'you remember?"
"Maybe." Dean says, eventually. He yawns, making his jaw crack. "Lemme catch a few. We gotta get back to the Bunker before Sammy replaces all the good stuff with his rabbit food."
Dean thinks, getting the reminder of the fact. That knowledge is both a blessing and a curse. He thrusts his hips just slightly, as he fucks Cas' mouth. The noises Cas makes goes straight to his dick. Hands run through his hair, tugging sharply when Cas brings his fingers in to cup his balls. He bobs his head at a steady pace, as Dean falls apart above.
"Kid, seriously- thank you." Dean says. He owes a lot to Jack- there's a lot of damage he needs to repair. This is a good starting point. Hopefully, it'll get a little easier here on out.
He won't go mercilessly slow- Cas has finite patience, especially when Dean's being an asshole. He trails a path down Cas' sides, idly strokes a finger along the waistband. Cas' hips twitch, and Dean can feel him tighten his grip on his shoulders. Then, because Dean
"Mmm." Cas opens his eyes. Dean's expression is soft. All Cas can do is return it with a smile, as he begins to rock gently.
Admittedly, he didn't expect Dean to bring it up. And Cas would've never mentioned it again if it meant Dean would be happy.
Perhaps it's due to the life Dean has lived- it most certainly is- how could it not be a reflection of a life he never chose? - but there's a fixation with Cas' hands, particularly with his fingers. Not really too surprising for Cas, he has his own fixations- he harbours a slight smugness with the handprint he left on Dean's shoulder. He brushes over it with his lips.
At first, Dean thought he was in a coma, or the angelic equivalent- is there one? - but Cas does wake, sometimes. Only for a few moments, a flutter of eyelashes and incoherent mumbling. Dean leans over, hands anxiously touching Cas' face, quietly asking him if he's OK. But Cas weakly stares back, it's hard to say if Cas is even aware of where he is. Or who he is with. He somewhat reminded Dean of Sam during the trials- the weakness, the exhaustion. Cas looks much healthier, though- and Dean's gonna take that as a good sign. Dean had wondered if he was feverish, but Cas wasn't gross and sweaty, or even really sleeping bad. He drops off pretty quick after. Dean lets out a breath he didn't know he was holding.
Jack leaves, quietly closing the door behind him. Dean stands in his bedroom, with a drowsy angel in his bed.
still has an article of clothing on, Dean somehow feels far more exposed. Cas gazes over Dean's body, his face, the marks from last night, the handprint. He drops his gaze to Dean's hips and thighs, tracing his fingers over the soft skin. Eventually, he leans down to kiss Dean a bit sloppily on the mouth, his hand goes back to palming Dean through the satin. It's a little rougher this time around, more pressure being applied. Dean tries not to thrust into it, but he's not that strong.
"Cas... you look," Dean says. He sounds starstruck- Cas can see his expression in his mind, it spurs him on- he wants Dean to see him. "You look like somethin' amazing."
Dean's smile is please, but shy. Cas decides he likes it a lot, maybe it's one of his favourite smiles. He's a little disappointed when it fades to a grimace.
It's silly and sappy. And perfectly what they have needed for so long. Somehow, Castiel does not mind one bit.
Right now, Dean's resting his head on Cas' belly, listening to Cas read to him. Sometimes it's a favourite book, reciting passages and absorbing the information (it's important to Dean, that makes it important to Cas). It can be poetry too, or just re-tellings of his life. He tells Dean about the fish, amused when Dean's eyes widen as he truly comprehends just how old Cas is. Perhaps, being viewed as so special and beautiful by something so ancient, would leave anyone in a daze.
Most of all, he really likes Cas' face. Being peppered with kisses is infuriatingly adorable. More infuriating in the morning- Castiel is not a morning person, he is not a person until he has a shower and some coffee. But more adorable in most other settings. After a night of activities, feeling him crawl back up his body, a trail of kisses as he goes. Hovering over his face for a few moments before leaning in.
Dean, seeming to sense the desperation, props up onto his elbows. The weight of him is still centered where their hips meet, so Cas can feel him acutely. He grips Dean's biceps and looks up at him, wide-eyed and flush in the face. Dean's eyes flicker over his face, before kissing his cheek. Cas whines, frustrated.
Although Cas, on several occasions, has pushed Dean roughly up against a wall and fucked him breathless, he could be surprisingly shy when he's being fawned over.
Cas is about to vocalise his irritation at Dean's comment, but Dean grinds down on him, rutting against his groin. Heat spreads through Cas' veins, as he grabs fistfuls of Dean's shirt.
The amount of wincing Cas has been doing lately, from the burn of stubble is astounding. An increase with Dean's satisfied smirks, as well- clearly, he's enjoying that Cas is a quivering mess. However, Cas cannot be mad about it, because Dean sucking marks along his legs really does feel heavenly.
Dean was wearing a groove into the floor with his pacing. Sam, for the most part, just said 'Dean...' in increasingly exasperated tones. It was cautious though, like he wanted Dean to calm down, without setting him off. He would've been set off if he was angry. He isn't sure what he is, but it wasn't anger.
There's always something going on with Dean and Cas, though. This particular ran much, much deeper than the usual arguments or confessions. It had left a heavy weight in Dean's heart. One he can't shift.
(And then Cas drags him into the bedroom, or the couch, or just straight-up has them on the floor. Soapy dishes forgotten.)
Cas looks like he's debating to make Dean beg, or just to get on with it. He opts for the latter. He crawls down Dean's body with a messy trail of kisses. When he reaches the hem of the underwear. The head of Dean's cock is peeking out from where the panties had shifted. Cas tilts his head and kisses the base through the fabric, before he gently tugs at the waistband. Dean raises his hips slightly, so Cas can pull them down. He only goes low enough so Dean's cock is free. Dean opens his mouth to complain about the restraint, but it's drowned by a moan, as Cas takes him into his mouth.
For all his teasing, Dean talks a big game. Castiel's mouth is filthy, and there's a surge of delight that comes from moaning into Dean's ear. It's amazing how much power a '
Cas' kisses the back of his neck. "Not in the slightest. It was the most beautiful thing I had ever laid eyes on. Still is."
So, he does. It doesn't take long for a third finger to be added too. Cas pushes against Dean's fingers in a desperate pace.
It's not just during their love-making, either. Silly, over the top wolf-whistling, when Cas changes into clothes after a shower. Playful pat on the ass, as he walks by, or pressing up against him, when Cas is doing the dishes.
." Dean says, poor imitation of his voice. He grins when he sees Cas' lips quirk. "That was you. You're the best thing that happened to me."
A full body shudder runs through Cas when Dean resumes his previous actions, flicking his tongue over the rim. Then he brings his fingers into the mix, making Cas moan loudly as he teases the edge. Eventually, he thrusts one finger in, quickly followed by another, then another. Cas reaches down to grip himself. He pushes against Dean's fingers.
"I know you, Dean. I know your soul even better than your body and," Cas' lips quirk. "I know your body
"Dean, my age is older than you can even begin to comprehend- I've seen so much. You in traditionally feminine clothing isn't weird, and anyway," Castiel's cheeks flush slightly. "I enjoyed seeing you in them."
They're quiet for a moment. Cas knows Dean isn't being entirely honest, though his aversion seems to bore more from awkwardness at emotions than something terrible he doesn't want Cas to know about. He isn't sure if he's supposed to be reassured by that fact. He won't let himself be hopeful. Dean has stung him in the past.
Cas rolls his eyes at the topic change, though there's no malice behind it. "Only you, Dean." He chides.
Dean's eyes flicker towards him. He settles on Cas' face- it's carefully neutral, aside from the tinge of pink along his cheeks. Dean smiles sheepishly.
It moves pretty quickly after that, Cas making quick work of his own clothes and maneuvering Dean to the bed and pushing him onto it, following after. He nudges Dean's thigh with his knee.
Castiel is infuriatingly good at this, despite the inexperience. Dean throws his head back and grasps at Cas' hair. Cas moans at the sensation and continues to bob his head.
Always restless, always a constant need to do something. Fiddling with something, drumming his fingers, clicking his tongue. Driving Sam mad.
Cas reaches down between them to grip Dean. They're messy and frantic, but Dean's too overwhelmed too care.
Right now, he still feels a little self-conscious about wearing panties, though. The big fucking mirror in the hotel room that's forever in Dean's peripheral vision from when him and Cas are fucking doesn't help. He keeps his eyes solely trained on Cas' face, thankful that Cas seemed fairly insistent that they face each other. Not that Dean would admit he secretly wanted that, too. He's a sap, sue him.
"I gathered." Cas says, his distress morphing more into a slight smugness. His lips quirk. "Is it a '
Dean, now the dam has broken, no longer having to hold back with pining from a distance, apparently loves to kiss, to touch. From his observations of Dean over the years, Cas had suspected Dean was... for lack of a better word- needy. And clingy. Filled with a crushing loneliness, wanting to hold and be held. Cas could relate to that, because he's exactly the same. What a pair they are.
"Cowboys and doctors are guilty pleasures. Not fetishes." Dean says, unconvincingly. Though, he's starting to think he actually
Dean's mind short-circuits. "The colour's fine- blue suits you. But- hold up- you have... more than one pair?"
Kissing his neck, licking the salt-skin. Tracing the constellations of freckles. Nipping the sensitive spots, soothing with his tongue. Taking Dean into his mouth, humming around his cock, when Dean's shaking fingers rake through his hair, fingernails scraping his scalp in response to the waves of arousal. Cas bobs his head, the flat of his tongue running along the underside of Dean's cock. A lack of gag reflex comes in handy, deep-throating easily, as Dean thrusts into his mouth. They keep it up, until there's nothing but choked-out sobs from Dean as he comes, Cas swallowing it all. Dean collapses back onto the bed, chest heaving. He's laughing, that giddy type of laughter that comes from deep fondness and a happy disbelief.
"Alright, buddy. You with me?" Dean asks, after a couple of moments. He's dimly aware of Jack and Sam staring at him, wide-eyed.
Sam is giving him a curious glance. Him and Jack know something had happened when Cas was taken, Dean was hardly subtle. There wasn't time to explain- not that Dean would've said, anyway. It was private.
After Dean and Cas- mostly Dean, Cas has been there and ready for a long, long time- finally got their shit together and had confessed all the things the other had suspected but couldn’t let themselves believe, which resulted in a lot of heated kisses that was then followed by a lot of sex and
"I doubt it was the film- you were quite drunk." Cas shrugs, apparently unbothered that his best friend, seemingly unprovoked, bought up that he likes to wear panties. "I think you just wanted to tell someone and I imagine Sam and Jack would be... terrible choices."
Dean grins, encouragingly. "Let's have a look at you." He leans back slightly, as to admire him. Castiel, still a little flush in the face, takes a small step behind him to better Dean's view. He clenches and unclenches his hands, shifting nervously from Dean's heavy-lidded gaze.
Cas knows Dean very well, though. So, the unspoken demands were met. Dean wants to make sure what Cas wants is being met, too.
They're basking in the afterglow now, Cas' head is settled on Dean's chest, listening to his heartbeat with a small smile. Dean's idly stroking Cas' back. He's more than a little tipsy on the sex-high, and the feeling of security has him loose-lipped.
That rarely stays innocent, though. The gentle grinding heats up quickly and Cas can feel Dean's hardness nudging him, as Dean reaches round into Cas' jeans, or sweatpants, or whatever he was wearing that day, and strokes him until he's spilling into Dean's hand.
' can hold. And they both know it. There's a fun kick Cas gets out of it, making Dean shiver with delight, with dirty words and dirtier sounds. It's almost a competition between them, getting each other heated and frantic, desperate for friction, before spilling over in pleasure. Tangling their limbs together when their bodies cool down, full of affection.
"I'm sorry I made you think that you... that you couldn't have this. Uhm... this being us, I mean. Like I... I don't know... made you think I strung you along, or something. Because that hurt you."
Dean also enjoys Cas wrapping his legs around his body- or his head, when he goes down on him. Cas can feel the grin, when he arches his back and moans heavily when Dean moves higher up his legs, the prickle of stubble brushing against his inner thighs.
"Mmm." Cas is practically a dead weight. When Dean pulls back, Cas looks like he can barely keep his eyes open. Tired, but there's something else, something sad. That part of Dean that feels naturally protective kicks in.
Dean, to Cas' dismay, shifts off of his body to rummage through the bedside drawer, pulling out some lube.
And to his left, hunched over, head and arms resting on the bed, is Dean Winchester himself. The steady breathing tells Cas that he is sleeping, which is a little relieving. Cas isn't sure how to react if Dean was awake, so he does what he's known to do, which is quietly observe. Between the few days' worth of stubble and the dark rings around his eyes, Dean wasn't looking too great. Cas' heart twists.
His thighs are a wonder, apparently. Well, his legs as a whole, but especially his thighs. Dean likes running his hands along them, kneading his fingers into the soft flesh, holding them open when he fucks Cas. Not that Cas wasn't strong enough to break from the hold, but he enjoys the unspoken order. Or just plain fucking Cas' thighs, when they're too tired to go all the way, but were still horny.
His mouth is obvious. Kissing has become a favourite activity between them, one they partake in frequently. But his lips seem to have Dean captivated, he traces over his cupid's bow with a feather-light finger, pressing the tip into his mouth to tease, grinning at Cas. Kissing the corner of his mouth, sweeping his tongue over Cas' bottom lip, making him sigh, wanting more.
"Wait." Dean says, a soft order. To Cas' dismay, he pulls back, gently squeezing his thigh. "Get on your knees for me, please."
He looks... terrible, honestly. Exhausted, in that bone-deep way, like someone who just could not catch a break. Despite leaning on Jack, he's clearly struggling to stay upright. His glassy eyes land on Dean, but they flicker away, uncertain.
Dean pours some lube on his fingers and gently nudges Cas' legs open. He sinks a finger in, all the way down to the knuckle. Cas rocks against it, slowly, adjusting.
He comes into Cas' mouth, with Cas swallowing it all. Dean flops back onto the bed, well-spent. Cas pulls off with a pop, kneeling over him. Dean stares up at him, smiling dazedly at seeing his hair mussed and lips shiny. He's still hard.
"C'mere." He murmurs, pulling him in by the hips. He doesn't need to- he was hardly far. But Cas was never fazed by Dean handling him, seemingly to enjoys it, if the little sigh is anything to go by. Dean glances up, seeing the traces of a blush scattering Cas' cheeks.
"Cas, trust me- it's not a problem. To me. Really." Sure, it did catch him off guard when he saw a lacy trim peeking over Cas' jeans. And some gentle prompting for Cas to spill the beans, which had then proceeded into coaxing Cas to show him the sky-blue panties he was wearing. It was surprising, sure, but honestly? It’s just insanely hot.
He isn't sure how long he cries, but Dean pulls him into an embrace, murmuring variants of 'it's OK', as he strokes down Cas' back. Cas presses his face into Dean's shoulder, grasping the fabric on his back. Dean kisses his temple.
Cas' brain takes a moment to process. Dean isn't angry, or seemingly uncomfortable. "I... what? Where...?" His voice is rougher than usual.
"Is this what it's like for you? When you're being a creep, watching me catch the z's?" Dean stretches, feeling the satisfying cracks. "It's not that exciting, y'know? I swear when you wake, we're gonna find you some hobbies. Start up a garden, or whatever. Something nerdy, like you."
He doesn't want Cas to leave. He wants to hold Cas' hand, and Cas to hold back. He wants to see him in the morning, stumbling into the kitchen, bedhead, grumpily making coffee. Basically everything they've been doing before, but there's something else there too, something warm and reciprocated. Give Cas everything he wanted, and deserved. He wants to be able to kiss him.
"Dean..." Cas is breathless. He’s looking at Dean with a foggy gaze, but it’s full of rich affection, as he reaches down to grip himself through the fabric. "What... have you done-
Feeling the edge of teeth, Cas peers over his shoulder. Dean has gotten lower, crouching on the bed. With a light huff and roll of his eyes, Cas spreads his legs a bit, so Dean has easier access to his inner thighs. A shiver of pleasure runs through Cas when he feels the prickle of stubble, as Dean nuzzles into him, planting wet, messy kisses along the flesh there.
Dean really enjoys wearing the panties, and Cas seems to really enjoy seeing him in them. Once or twice, he thinks about how he'd look in a garter belt and stockings. That's a hurdle he isn't quite willing to jump just yet.
"He'll be OK." Jack repeats, mostly to himself. He hugs back, just as tight. "I'll say bye to Sam first."
"Hey, can I, uhm- what you did for me... a few days ago?" Dean asks. He's always bashful when asking to try something. The suppression is slowly easing, though and, despite the vagueness, Cas knows what he's referring to. Looking back over his shoulder, he grins.
"Yeah, well..." Dean averts his gaze. "I like wearing the freakin' panties. But it's just like... I shouldn't. I feel like I shouldn't. That feels ingrained."
'- and the little sigh of relief that follows after. He settles to kissing his thighs, squeezing and fondling his ass. Cas presses his face against his forearms, a mix of pleasure and amusement. It's not playing out exactly how Cas did for Dean a couple days ago- less bold, but he somehow doubts Dean is completely ready for having Cas sit on his face. And to be honest, Cas enjoys the shy, but attentive nature of Dean in the bedroom.
"I'll wash them for you- won't let anyone see 'em." Dean shifts from where he's sitting on the bed. He's still painfully aware he hasn't come yet and Cas standing there, completely naked, isn't helping. "Or I can buy you more?"
"Sure. I guess I shouldn't be surprised that you're into voyeurism or whatever it's called. Who'da thought that a former Angel of the Lord is actually kinky?"
"Oh, shit." Dean says, dazed. Apparently, that had only just occurred to him. "Yeah, what do you want? Anything, you- you can have it."
Dean. He gets to hold him and touch him, in ways he wasn't allowed to before, could only dream about. Their legs are tangled up, and Cas wishes he was also stripped off his pants, so he can enjoy more skin contact. He smiles giddily to himself at the prospect of that. Skin on skin contact. It's something he can enjoy now. He wants to rush in, head-first. He wants to take it slow and savour it. Experience it all.
Being practically human again, Castiel couldn't maintain his body with pure grace anymore, hence becoming somewhat of a gym rat. He probably worked out more than anyone else Dean knew, including Sam. Once, unplanned- and then possibly planned, after- Dean walked in on Cas during one of his workouts, and any ability he had on forming full sentences fizzled up entirely. He couldn't think of a polite way to ask: '
He left his mark, his signature, when his work was completed. Overtime, said work has gotten damaged over the years, a little worn, a little faded. Cas runs his hands down Dean's chest. He can't heal like he use to anymore- a growing insecurity, but he's dealing- so there's bumps of scars from just about anything- blades, bullets, claws, teeth.
Cas rolls his hips frantically, a little proud that he's still coherent. Not that it's going to last. He splays his hands over Dean's chest, feeling the rapid heartbeat under the skin. There's a sheen of sweat on Dean's forehead, his pupils blown so wide that there's just a sliver of green. Apparently, due to his mouth being otherwise unoccupied, starts to babble.
He's cut off with Dean kissing him. A slight clash of teeth, and it's an awkward angle, but Cas sinks into it. He feels Dean's hands on his face. He grips Dean's arms.
It's over in a couple of minutes, Dean comes hard and fast into Cas' waiting mouth. Always wanting to please, Cas swallows it all. Eventually, he pulls off, lips shiny and red. He licks them, looking up at Dean, eyes hooded.
The subject of his thoughts just grins as he kisses down Cas' belly. He unfastens Cas' pants, but doesn't remove them, just palms him gently through the fabric. Cas presses against it, desperate for friction.
Jack doesn't question that; he just opens the door. Dean's glad he didn't bother making the bed that morning, he can unceremoniously place Cas on the mattress.
His expression becomes a grimace. "I need to-" Sliding off of Dean’s lap, he stands, a little shaky, gesturing vaguely at his crotch. "This is... uncomfortable."
He could also say with absolute certainty that wearing almost nothing in his best friend's lap was Castiel's idea. And that includes facing himself in the mirror.
Dean looks like he had to bite back a snarky 'I already am' response. He just reaches for Cas' waistband and- with a raise of Cas' hips- pulls down his pants and boxers. His cock is hard and just inches from Dean's face. Unfazed, he starts by kissing along Cas' thighs, blatantly ignoring where Cas really wants him. His stubble prickles the soft flesh, as he alternates between biting and sucking, then soothing with kisses. For someone who keeps himself so carefully still, Cas is practically squirming, his knuckles white from the tight grip on the sheets.
He isn't sure how long they stay like this, but he shudders slightly when a warm hand touches his cheek.
Dean averts his eyes, flustered. He eases himself up to a sitting position, he suddenly feels a little too vulnerable. Cas has that way with him.
He debates pulling his jeans on, but he decides to bite the bullet. Cas isn't going to laugh at him. An eyebrow raise and a head tilt might be expected, though.
im not going to add anymore unexpected chapters but i do have other deancas smut i wanna write at some point
Dean really likes to kiss him. Not just kissing his mouth, though. Cas has learnt Dean like to kiss and touch him everywhere.
Dean laughs. "Yeah, well. Crying will do that to you. You should sleep, anyway. It's late. Or early. Depends how you look at it."
Aside from Sam coming in- either with beer, food, or to carefully tell Dean to at least shower and he can watch Cas- Dean is left with Cas, alone. And it's fine. It's only been a couple days.
Cas opens his mouth, but Dean squeezes his hand to hush him. "Cas, I-" He swallows audibly. "I love you, too."
Eventually, he pulls away, feeling very human and all the self-consciousness that comes with it. He imagines his eyes are red, skin blotchy. Dean silently hands him back the glass of water, to which Cas takes with relief.
It's early days in their relationship, so they're trying to get better at the whole healthy communication thing and working through kinks. It hasn't been as awful as Dean thought, but it’s been messy- the first few days after Dean admitted his feelings had involved a lot of crying- whilst trying so hard not to- from both ends. And sex. That also involved crying. It had been an emotional week.
"Fuck, Cas..." Dean's hands find themselves back on Cas' hips, as Cas grinds against him. Dean goes back to sucking Cas' neck, pleased that he's leaving marks, whining at each tug at his hair. "You're gorgeous. Love seein' you like this..." He hums against Cas' flush chest.
Castiel discards the washcloth and pulls the bedsheets over them. They're both quiet for a moment, enjoying the company.
"It's just... this," Dean's brain is starting to catch up with him. He suddenly feels very embarrassed. "The thing... I..."
His voice cracks a little at the end. His eyes dart to the bedspread, pretending to be immersed by the thread. Dean doesn't speak. There's a burn in his throat, tears prickling his eyes.
Dean looks at himself. It's a different sight for him- covered in several layers, blood and God knows what else when he's on a hunt. Naked, aside from the dark red lace. It stands out against his pale skin, along with the dark marks Cas left from previous days. He looks softer, more exposed- a side of him he rarely shows to anyone. Not even Sammy really gets to see it. He presses his chest into Castiel's hand with a whine, when Cas tweaks his nipple again. Dean manages to not close his eyes, but he's gripping the bed sheets like a lifeline, when Cas brings up his other hand, so the other side of his chest isn't neglected. Dean ruts against Cas.
" Dean splutters when Cas wraps his legs around Dean's waist and flips them over. Dean's head bounces on the pillows, as he looks up at Cas, pupils blown wide.
Ah, shit. He didn't realise his eyes were shut. His vision is a little blurry. "Can you blame me?" He probably shouldn't feed Castiel's ego, but they're both trying to be honest with each other. Healthy relationships and all that.
Cas pulls Dean back onto him, kissing him roughly. Briefly startled, Dean melts into him, kissing back, eagerly. He moves his legs so he can settle back between Castiel's. They moan into each other's mouths when their cocks slide together. Cas' hands are everywhere, desperate to touch as much as possible. He needs more.
"What? I'm just enjoying your assets." Dean gives one last, light pat before trailing back around to the front of Cas, feather-light touch to his soft inner thighs. Compliant, Cas parts his legs slightly for easier access. Dean gets teasingly high, but stops. He's got something to ask.
He moves off the bed, to pull off his clothes. Cas pushes himself up to a sitting position, so he can take off his own shirt that was currently bunched around his elbows. They're both completely naked now, and everything feels so real, this is happening.
Getting too distracted to read, Cas puts his book aside, gently rutting into the mattress. He's about to roll over, but Dean places a hand on him.
He wonders how many people knew. There's been a fair share of joke-y quips from all sorts over the years. Had they really been jokes? Dean, thinking back, is starting to doubt it. He just wishes he was brave enough to ask Cas directly. Maybe it was cowardice, or his own self-doubt. He wants to drink something stronger than beer, but Sam won't let him, and honestly, he doesn't want to. What if Cas woke when he was black-out drunk? He needs to get out of the Bunker, go for a drive, but that meant leaving Cas, even for a moment. They've left each other too many times, Dean can't do it again. Not to Cas.
Cas smiles muzzily. "No... it's- it's good. You have a very talented mouth." Dean ducks his head, blushing. "I just want... it's our first time..."
It's a struggle to open his eyes, but he manages to. His vision is blurry, unfocused. The room he's in is bathed in low lamplight. When his eyes adjust, and he feels a little more aware of his body, he realises that he's been stripped down to just his dress shirt and pants. Even his tie is absent.
One last moan and Cas spills onto Dean's hand and belly. He flops on top of Dean, breathing raggedly.
"I did have to give Castiel-" Jack double quotes, it's so much like Cas. "- a 'rude awakening', though. He is very tired."
"Wow." is all Dean can really say. At least Cas has loosened his death grip, his whole body has gone lax, sagging against Dean. He strokes up his sides, gently, as Cas gradually becomes more alert of his body.
Cas kneels over him, smugly. There's a deep thrill that comes with rendering Dean speechless. Without breaking eye-contact, Cas sinks down, until Dean is nestled all the way in him. His eyes flutter shut.
Nope. Not gonna think like that. They're gonna grow old together, instead. He's gonna give Cas everything he wanted.
There's a flush spreading down Dean's chest. He isn't sure if it's from arousal, or the embarrassment that he's falling apart just from Cas' hands. Probably both.
He reaches for the lube and preps Dean. It doesn't take long, they're both eager and horny. Cas leans back so he can push his pants down, just low enough that his cock is out. He strokes it a few times to slick it up with lube.
"I enjoy the intimacy of it." Cas shrugs. He's gentle and focused with the little task. "Did you enjoy yourself?"
It's especially traitorous when Cas palms him through the fabric, gently and curiously, as if he hasn't done that before, just with boxers. It's already got a damp spot down there, soaking through the satin. Dean tugs off Castiel's coat and pulls on his tie, trying very hard- and failing- to not grind his hips against Cas' hand.
"The hell does that mean?" Dean's voice has a slight inflect when one of Cas' hands gently nudge Dean's thighs to part them a little further. Dean complies.
Cas traces other the handprint again, thoughtfully. It's a lazy, late morning. Unhurried. They've become accustomed to a new life of lazy mornings. It's about the little things.
Dean huffs a laugh. "Alright, wise-ass." He shifts around in Cas' arms. He can't see his reflection, because Cas' body blocks it. It makes it a little easier. Castiel's brow furrowed, God knows what he's worried about.
This seems to appease him, or he's simply too tired to oppose. He raises his arms weakly to let Dean remove his suit jacket. Not his dress shirt- Dean's glad nobody is here to see his blush- but he does remove his tie, though.
Cas getting increasingly flush, just shrugs, mind focused on something else. "Yes, I prefer them to boxers. If I'd known that they did something to you, I would've worn a more amorous colour."
And it's not just his thighs. He really loves Cas' ass. Cas isn't sure if he should be flattered or befuddled by the attention. Often, when Dean is involved, it's both.
Carrying Cas in his arms feels terribly familiar to Dean. Last time he did this was when Jack was born, one of the worst days of Dean's life. Sam had tried to help carry Cas then, but Dean wouldn't let him. He carried Cas' lifeless body to the house, to prepare the body to burn. It was difficult, but Dean took on the burden, trying so, so hard not to let the tears fall, to stand strong. He did crumble, even going so far as to pray to a God who never cared for them.
Cas tilts his head, but obliges. He looms over Dean; he looks more wrecked than Dean would've expected. He glances at the mirror. The imbalance of him being entirely nude, whilst Cas is mostly dressed, stirs something in him. He likes it. When he shifts his gaze back, Cas' slight smirk tells him that he coined on. Dean pulls him in by the tie for a heated kiss, because like in Hell is he going to be the only flustered one. The friction from both their bodies pressing together have them moaning into each other's mouths. Cas breaks the kiss, eventually. His mouth is red and shiny, as he licks his lips.
, as Cas so aptly named the dick-shaped one, Cas had never looked more beautiful, more vulnerable, more like himself than when he talked to Dean about the different birds and bees he saw in his garden; in that moment, illuminated by the glow in the dark constellation Penis Major, Dean had never been more sure that he was in love with Cas and wanted to spend the rest of their lives together. Once the realization dawned on him, he blurted it out to Cas, who went from shocked to the happiest human being that ever existed while crying, confessing his love for Dean, and peppering Dean’s face with kisses.
Cas walked out into his driveway, faced his garage and cast a few illusion spells. Sure, it was considered "cheating" by most non-witches, but in Cas' defense he had the Gift and he intended to use it. After all, if he was going to impress his neighbors (and he was) then having the scariest house on the block was the way to do it.
It was a feeling of endless power. Equipped with grace, he'd always felt the sense of strength that accompanied it, but here, between them, it was so much more.
Cas shuddered as he registered piercing cries and the forceful sound of rushing water, far away and unseen, but approaching.
Dean felt his hands go numb. Daddy’s blunt little instrument. Apocalyptic fate. He held his breath, waiting for either the guilt or Cas to bury him--whichever came first.
He'd kept a part of himself here for so long, cut in pieces, tied to the rack in atonement. But maybe, all that did was add more blood to this place.
He listened anyway, allowing each word to sink into his psyche, trying to retain every bit of disjointed data. The pictures flowed into his mind, crashing through the mental barriers that had been walled up around his memories and spilled them back into place. He gasped as the last images clicked in; the rippled waters of his mind slowly stilling like reflective glass. He opened his eyes quickly, starting the car, and he booked it back to the bunker.
Naomi stirred a few feet away. Dean looked to the ground, suddenly painfully aware of the way time was slipping away from him again, taking Cas with it.
He looked down feeling overwhelmed with the pain of the angels--their wings clipped, necks leashed tight: Obey, or hang.
Cas paused, considering. Gently he turned to Dean, wrapping a hand around the back of his neck. His piercing stare was empathetic and all at once, far too much.
The pen felt heavy in his grip, the paper daunting. He finished off the bottle, throwing it into the bin far too hard. It shattered on the lip, shards tumbling into the trash. He let himself fall into the fading final moments with shaking hands.
That night, Dean dreamed of Cas again. Like the first time, Cas whispered things to him that his mind couldn’t hold onto. Dean's skin freckled with goosebumps as the words slipped from Cas’s tongue and into the void as soon as he spoke them. Dean felt the room spinning, the walls melting away from him, hurtling him back into consciousness.
“Ignore it,” said Cas, his voice commanding despite his compromised position; his forehead trickled with a delicate amount of blood where the screw had barely scratched it.
“Yes, this is a dream, Dean,” came Cas's deep voice. He stood frozen as if waiting for clarity to take hold. As he got closer, Dean suddenly realized Cas was soaking wet. Water dripped from the messy locks of Cas’s hair, stray strands glued to his forehead. Even his coat was drenched through,  the runoff pooling in small reflective circles on the floor.
He held Cas tighter. They'd been lost in memories for so long and Dean found himself, despite logic, unable to split the difference between the past and present.
Dean's heart beat recklessly in his ears. He tried to find Cas's face. It was right in front of him but it was like he couldn't grasp it in the noise.
“I’m almost starting to understand why you chose to follow the humans,” she whispered, heated breaths fogging up the blade as she swallowed against the sharp edge.
I love you all and I can't believe this fic is done! Thank you for taking this journey with me and ty in advance for the love on this fic! You all are my delights. <3
Sam had his laptop out, searching for cases and barely noticed Dean leave. Dean felt fidgety as he made his way to his room, closing the door and locking it behind him. He sat down on the edge of the bed, rapping his phone against his thigh. Checking it again, he tossed it on the pillow.
Dean barely acknowledged his brother's bare feet padding against the floor as he sat down to eat. He stared at the flipped corner of the beer’s label sipping the rest of the bitter drink slowly. Finally he reached the end, tipping it one last time to let the final drops fall onto his tongue.
“Already tried that,” he admitted hesitantly into his fingers. “Acted like he didn’t know anything.”
At first, there was nothing. All he could recall was the close proximity, Cas’s hands on his shoulders, and a buzz in the air between them. The skin on Dean's ear began to tingle slightly as though the words were being breathed into him once again. It was strange hearing Cas's deep voice speaking in such soft, fluid tones. Dean concentrated harder, his eyes squeezed tightly shut as he willed his brain to retrieve Cas's message. His mind resisted the memory as if he were trying to conjure one of his drunken blackouts on the road. Eventually, though, he felt his brain start to surrender.
Cas swallowed as the river below called to him. He began to tip forward, even if just the tiniest amount, watching the crimson water miles beneath, his fingers digging into clay.
“Hello, Dean,” came Cas's voice from the corner of the room. Dean’s head swirled with the feeling of déjà vu, Cas’s blue eyes piercing him from across the space. He breathed, focusing himself back to reality with the slow stretch of his lungs.
“The one angel who cared about you more than any of you deserved,” he spat in an angry explosion. “And look what you’ve done.”
Castiel wore an artificial streetlight halo above his stony features. He looked at her as if it were before, back when she’d commanded him.
Crowley made more innuendos as he worked, but Cas flitted in and out of awareness.  Time stretched in front of him measured by blood. Crowley’s monotone voice hummed in the background and the heavy weight of metal cuffs dug into Cas’s wrists as he tried to break free.
He blinked against the darkness, sweating, his heart racing. The room was chillingly silent and empty. Dean froze as he took inventory of reality. Rubbing his eyes, he let his feet flop to the side of the bed, forcing himself to calm down. His eyes grazed the floor looking for water, but the hard surface was bone-dry. Just a dream. Just a stupid dream.
Cas looked up, deflated. Anger, but not really. Hurt, so deep and palpable Dean could feel it escaping from the cracks:
Cas grabbed his own wrists, searching for bruises as the words and moments floated, begging for appellation and identity.
He turned in panicked circles as each bright speck got sucked back into the darkness. One by one, they blinked from his sight, finally abandoning him to the shadows. He took frantic, sucking breaths through his nose: Cold. Dark.
Dean swallowed. His eyes scanned across the miles of expanse: hooks, blood raining from above. There were holes in the ground here, too, wells of endless depths and forever falling if you didn't watch your feet.
A dark flicker in the corner of the room. Light footsteps, hair waving as it brushed against suited shoulders.
The angels watched her, too. She glanced away, anger crawling deep inside her. She stared down at her upturned palms, fingers bereft, but seeing yellow all the same.
It wasn’t even that angels couldn’t feel the hole inside them. It was always there, gaping, for those brave enough to look.
“You were saying something to me, but I couldn't really understand,” echoed Dean's voice in his head. The second he had heard that, he’d known something was off.
“We aren’t the same,” he said, voice drawn with emotion. “You anticipate violence because you give it--expect domination because it’s all you know. You crave death, and you think I need it from you. This is what you don’t understand.”
Some part of Dean screamed it was an illusion. They weren’t falling. Not really. He could sense their unconscious bodies still on the floor of Naomi’s room. And yet, the descent felt real. He could feel Cas’s hand tighten around his.
Cas didn’t answer right away. His eyes traveled to Naomi’s unconscious form, expression tense and dark.
Warmth soaked through the front of his shirt and he grabbed at his chest, feeling the deep gash of a blade. He looked down at the blood fountaining over his hand, covering it.
Finally, Dean placed the pen down on the table, looking at the completed work with a stunned expression.
Suddenly, from the blood covered table, Crowley's phone began buzzing. He paused his work, walked over and casually lifted it up.
Instead, he pretended, even if it could just be for a moment, that he was alone. Prayers falling from his lips in familiar rhythms. As if Cas were only miles from him, waiting to hear his words, and not cascading through galaxies and dimensions--dying.
Dean thumbed a nearby picture--Cas asleep on Dean’s chest. He furrowed his eyebrows. He stared too long.
He wound down his window a crack, and inhaled the fresh air. The icy breath brought Dean back to the present moment, and the dream's disorientation began to settle. A few houses he drove by had modest white Christmas lights strung along the rooftops and Dean drove slower past these.
- magic fingers, huh?" Dean keeps his eyes trained on his reflection, as much as he wants to look away. It's almost like he's not a part of his body. Cas smiles.
Dean tries to stifle a moan. He fails, partly from the praise, but also because Cas is getting a little bolder with his touching, he's trailing slowly up Dean's thigh.
Since the Bunker, Dean had when it was his turn to shopping, on impulse, bought panties. In varying shades of pink, mostly. They were either cute and lacy, or soft satin. On more 'oh fuck it' moments, he bought a black lace pair and a deep, dark red pair. When he got home, the realisation of what he bought hits like train.
This seems to soothe Cas slightly. "I suppose it can be... be weird to watch oneself." He muses, half to himself. Castiel is completely unashamed of his body, if he wasn't so attached to his trench coat- or that he had a kid, or lived with other people- Dean's almost certain he'd walk around naked. Not even in a kinky way- he's just unfazed with his physical existence. Dean wonders how much he considers his body as his own, now that Jimmy is gone.
The first day and a decently-sized chunk of the next was spent having sex. It was twelve years in the making, and Dean's pretty sure that they've touched and kiss every part of each other's bodies- learning what they each like. Dean doesn't have the most experience with men- and Castiel has none- so there was a learning curve. Castiel is a scarily fast learner, though. Dean suspects that he already knows his body intimately well, which makes Dean fluster when he thinks about that too much. Which is hard because Cas likes making Dean squirm from affection, like the bastard he is.
Dean blushes. Only took twelve years to realise that part. Or, at least, admitting it to himself. He's in love with Cas. And, from his confession, Cas didn't know. He never let him fucking know.
It could be because touch is always electrified between the two, or it's because Cas has been so hungry for any contact, but regardless, he isn't going to last long. As appealing as it is to come in Dean's mouth- the mental image alone almost has him turning it into a reality- that's not how he wants their first time to go.
Currently, he's fresh out the shower, lying on his belly, reading a well-worn book on gardening- he has the whole thing memorised, but Cas could thumb through the well-worn pages forever. Dean, half on top of him, one leg slotted between Cas', is pressing lazy kisses along his upper back. It's a regular routine for them, sometimes it ends in sex, sometimes just cuddling.
It's not a situation Dean was expecting to be in. Nor one he would've ever suggested- despite the communication shit, there's some things that could never come easy. But sitting- fully clothed- on the edge of the bed, whilst Castiel stands between his legs, near naked, aside from the satin blue underwear, was not something Dean ever considered. His dick has definitely expressed interest, though. He's trying not to squirm.
Hissing under his breath, Cas rolls his hips. Inhaling sharply, when Dean gets more confident and pushes his tongue in. He whines, desperate. Dean's tongue is criminal.
Although... Dean's not sure what's going to happen when Cas is able to stay awake longer than two minutes. Unease settles at the pit of Dean's stomach.
It was fairly new to the both of them, this relationship. Dean, being with someone for a decent length of time was somewhat new territory. Castiel, in a general sense, was new to the concept as a whole- aside from April, which was... not great. He's a fast learner, though. And loves exploration.
It's felt like a billion hours. In reality, less than a week. Dean's gone back to pacing- his legs were screaming from being in the sitting position. And his back is unforgiving from sleeping in a chair.
"Don't silence yourself." Cas' tone is neutral, but Dean can feel him half-hard, and pressing against his ass. Dean grinds down, making Cas grunt.
Not exactly how Dean would've wanted Cas in his bed. Bu he can deal with that later. Right now, getting Cas comfy is a priority.
And just like that, Dean realises he's supporting most of Castiel's weight. He sinks them both to the floor. He's practically being straddled by Cas right now, but he can't bring himself to care. It's Cas, alive and here in his arms.
Cas kisses him, long and deep. Dean parts his lips and lets Cas in, gripping onto his coat. He can feel Cas' hands roam down his body, the tips of his fingers rest against the hem of the underwear. Dean's already getting hard.
Then Cas blinks when the sinking realisation of that, not only is he in one of the Bunker rooms, he's in
He shifts around until he's pushed the bed sheets off and is settled between Cas' legs. He kisses down Cas' neck, long and slow, switching between kissing and sucking. Cas can't do much other than grasp Dean's back and fail to stifle moans. Dean trails down further, to his collarbones- giving them attention- undoing more buttons as he does.
"Thanks." Is his immediate, acting-unbothered-but-secretly-pleased tone. His cock is twitches with interest. The traitor.
Dean places his hand over Cas'. It's warm and rough. He takes a breath and Cas can hear the shake in it. There's a bubble of hope in Castiel, but he dares not let it expand just yet.
"Wearing the underwear?" Cas offers. "Is it because they're feminine and you've had to spend so many years doing the opposite?"
He speaks in Enochian a lot. From observations, Dean appears to be quite affected by him slipping in his native tongue. He often requests it, having various requests for Cas to say such-and-such in Enochian. It's clearly a thing for him, having Cas murmur something in Enochian in his ear. He shivers with delight, squirming against Cas' body. Cas wonders how far gone he can make Dean go, purely from words. Maybe he could test that out one day.
They drift from conversation after that. At least, Dean does, he can only vocalise moans, whines and cursing under his breath. Cas murmurs praises against his skin, or gently chides him if he looks away. Eventually, Cas creeps his hand down the underwear and grips him properly. Dean's close now- has been for a while, though Cas was holding back just enough. Heat is pooling low now.
Complying instantly, Cas weakly rolls over. As much as he likes the back, Dean is quite fond of the front too. It's been long since established that his apparent favourite place to be is between Cas' legs. Which is maddening for Cas, because it's also one of his favourite places for Dean to be, despite how red-raw Cas' thighs have become.
Cas catches the questioning uptick in his voice. He smiles. "I would like that, Dean. But first," He kneels between Dean's legs and reaches for his belt. "You haven't come yet."
"Y'know, for a guy who isn't even meant to sleep," Dean says, tone cheery to hid the strain. "You're doing a hell of a lot of it. Are you catching up on the lost hours? You better not, cause that's like, what? Billions of hours, probably."
He pushes himself up, slow and sluggish. He glances to his right, there's a chair pulled haphazardly up to the bed. His coat, suit jacket and tie are draped over the back. Cas tilts his head; he assumes someone was sitting there.
"I don't mind watching myself," Dean blurts. Though, he supposes, he hasn't actually watched himself when having sex- cheap motels and the impala didn’t exactly provided mirrors. "It's just, like..."
Cas murmurs something, but it's too quiet, too muffled from where Cas has buried himself into Dean's shoulder.
Perhaps Dean has become so attuned to being-watched-by-Castiel, that, after a few minutes, he shifts and raises his head, groggily. Cas almost pretends to go back to sleep, but he decides this isn't something he can put off, best get it over with. Dean blinks and, upon seeing Cas is awake, his eyes widen a fraction, before his features soften with relief.
He comes into Cas' hand. Castiel follows soon after with a heavy moan, filling Dean up. He nuzzles into Dean's neck. Dean glances over to the mirror. They're flush, breathing heavy and beautiful.
Dean's eyes darken. He closes the gap, to which Cas responds enthusiastically, letting him in. He sinks back into the pillows, pulling Dean half on top of him, raking his fingers through his hair. Cas whines weakly, when Dean pushes his tongue in, as he runs his hands down Cas' sides. They trail back up to the collar of his shirt.
They stay still for a moment, getting use to the feeling. Cas feels Dean's hands on his hips, gently stroking his thumbs along his hipbones.
"So, you like wearing them? But for, uh- comfort?" Is Dean's question. "You- you said you weren't gonna mention them."
Cas decides not to remind Dean- who enjoys when Cas shoves him roughly against the wall- he learnt that from the Pizza Man. So, it's not entirely uneducational.)
To keep himself distracted, he calls up everyone- it's occurred to him that not everyone's in the loop. It's a good way to pass the time and stop his increasing worry for Cas becoming the focal point in his mind. He speaks somewhat quietly, but Cas mumbles and leans towards the sound. Dean sighs and smiles, absently stroking Cas' hand with his thumb. He hopes he wakes soon.
With a fading grace, Castiel couldn't tell time as acutely as he used to. When he next wakes, he predicts that maybe two hours have passed. He isn't sure the time is, though. He never asked and Dean had been... quite distracting.
It has never always been gentle caresses from him- from both of them. They were a violent pair, lethal together, and against each other. Weapons of their fathers. Finally allowing themselves to soften at the edges.
yeah yeah i know top!dean isnt a widely accepted headcanon but meh cas deserves to get some good dick too
"I was watching over you." Dean huffs. "Anyway, I got up to eat and piss. Sam and Jack kept an eye on you, too.
Dean trails down Cas' spine, reaching the small of his back, Cas continues to read, not ignoring him, just become accustom to a Dean who is bored and likes occupying himself with kisses. Cas can feel Dean's amused breathes against his ass, as he peppers kisses on the soft flesh, groping the other cheek, before switching the other side. Bemused, Cas shakes his head. He doesn't really get his fixation, but he's not going to complain.
As much as Dean fawns over Cas in entirety, stroking lines down his body, kissing his skin, his hands often end up cupping his ass, looking up at Cas', playful grin on his face. Cas just rolls his eyes, too full of love to care.
Kisses along warm cheeks, the tip of the nose. Light presses on each eyelid, and where the corners of his eyes crinkle. Sleepily, on his forehead, with a slightly slurred '
It still surprises Cas a little. For all Dean brags, talking about those wild weekends with strangers, he clearly has a preference for gentleness in the bedroom. He can work with it.
Sometimes it gets neglected, because Cas prefers when they face each other during sex, unless he's slotted between Dean's legs on top, or he's straddling Dean's lap. Not much spanking- at most, a playful smack, with exaggerated fawning, as Dean doesn't particularly like inflicting pain on Cas. Which is fine, Cas doesn't like hurting Dean, either.
He traces two of his fingers over Cas' lips, pushing them in slightly, teasing. He could work them further in, no problem- he's recently learnt that Cas likes having things in his mouth, which has Dean hot all over- and Cas feeling very satisfied with himself. But it's early and this is something he wants to prolong- they're both terribly needy. Cas leans into the touch, head bowing slightly. He grips Dean's shoulders, bunching fabric in his fists, sighing softly.
He's half resting on bed. Head close to Cas'. His head is bowed, he imagines his hair would tickle Cas' neck if he was awake. He squeezes Cas' hand; it's almost always intertwined with his now.
Cas tilts his head. Aside from the initial embarrassment, he seems much less affected than Dean, currently. "I would like to see that."
He comes over his hand and stomach, with Dean following after, filling Cas up. Weakly, Cas lowers his legs, feeling boneless, but good. Dean grins affectionately, before they both wince when Dean pulls out. He flops onto the other side of Cas.
"So, erm... how do you...?" Dean asks, sheepishly. Lying there, naked and a little bashful, has Cas' heart singing.
It wasn't really a command, just a hunger for something he's been depraved of. And Dean's more than happy to fill it.
There's no response. No confused head tilt. Nothing. Dean can feel the lump, that never seems to completely go, rise in his throat.
They all got shoved into a drawer to collect dust. Sometimes, he'd take them out to run his fingers along the hem and just think;
Now obviously, Cas has come to notice Dean likes to kiss every inch of his skin, but it also goes both ways. He really likes Cas kissing him- chasing the flush the spreads down his chest. His hooded eyes are mesmerised by Cas' lips when they trail down his body. Both their hungers are insatiable. Cas catalogues every sound, every movement Dean makes, storing them in a box of 'what Dean likes'. It's already overfilling. Dean's getting spoilt. He wants to spoil him.
Dean gently takes Cas' hand, helping him. Castiel is going to fall, but it's fine, because Dean's with him this time.
"Hey, kid. Go do your duty. You'll know when this idiot wakes. He'll be OK." Dean pulls Jack into a tight hug.
He hitches his knees up, keeping them spread. There's a sheen of sweat of his forehead, and he's breathless. Dean's staring at him, lips parted, pupils blown wide, palming himself through his boxers- was he still in his boxers this whole time? He must've of giving Dean a disapproving look, because Dean's mouth quirks, and he quickly strips them off. Nudging the head of his dick against Cas' hole, he hooks one of Cas' legs over his shoulder, kisses his ankle before pushing in. Cas moans with pleasure, enjoying the sensation of their skin slapping lewdly together. He throws an arm over his eyes, the other reaches down to give his dick uncoordinated strokes.
To stop himself killing the moment, he keeps his focus on Cas, sliding his hands up Cas' body, cupping his face. Cas sinks into it, hungry for the contact, a gentle, pleased noise when Dean runs his thumbs under his eyes. Dean realises he's probably been dreaming of this for years. Is Castiel plus gentleness forever gonna fuck him up?
Squeezing his hands tight against the internal ache, Dean turned to the only thing he had left. He shook, refusing to acknowledge the way the room watched him, dissolving him in the belly of the angels’ gaze.
He listened carefully, and then suddenly he understood. As Cas spoke, Dean's mind was inundated with information. It was as if every word was bound to an image, an emotion, a sound, and a story. The actual things Cas said were scattered and nonsensical by themselves, like receiving the end of a book before the beginning.
“What—no. Why the hell are you pulling a creepy sandman act on me, anyway?” Dean deflected, shuffling from one foot to the next.
Cas walked slowly among them as the minute torchlights brushed his skin, speaking to him like ghosts in limbo:
Cas's words shriveled up in light. His grace coursed through him, the way it always had, rivers of infinite power in his veins like humans pumped blood.
Finding each other's hands again, they walked through Hell, Dean bracing himself, borrowing Cas's resolve.
Cas tilted his head as Dean approached. He lifted the lapel of his jacket as if noticing his saturated appearance for the first time, then dropped it dismissively.
At the moment, his eyes strained reading the smudged spell of a witch. It was messy, not to mention written on what looked to be tanned hide. He avoided touching it, hit with the stomach curdling suspicion it was human flesh.
“What am I doing?” he heard himself whisper, stone still. He cradled his thoughts inside him like a protective cavern, the red door in front of him a fortress wall.
In front of him was a Dark, monstrous creature slicing as he ignored the screams with a frenzied look on his face.
He glanced at the dog-eared photo. Dean, with wind chafed cheeks, Cas’s arms folded behind him and around his waist, tightly. If he tried, Dean could remember the woman’s smile as she took their picture:
"I think I'm starting to understand," he said softly. Memory Dean poured acid on the man's chest, the sizzle rancid and vile as he writhed. "Our guilt isn't penance."
Dean looked at his hands remembering the tangible feeling of the dream. Of his room. Of Cas. He started to question himself. What if Cas really were reaching out? What if he needed help? The dream could’ve been a warning. It wouldn’t have been the first time.
Still, he couldn’t shake the way the dream had felt so. . . other. Not real, but not like any dream he’d ever had before, either. The feel of Cas’s words stayed with him, ripping at his nerves. What had he been trying to say?
“No. I don’t,” Dean deadpanned, saying it roughly as if chewing gravel. “He may not know what's going on, but there's something. You didn't see his face. There's stuff he's not telling me. Dude is being sketchy as hell.”
Castiel’s handprint glowed between them like the final religious blasphemy; an angel and the man he rescued from hell.
Her knees buckled minisculely, as if at any moment she were tempting gravity to take her, but her eyes spoke of more. She stared at the bloody wound with regret, hair mussed and knotting by her neck.
“I did what I thought was right,” Dean said. “All I wanted was to protect you. . . even if it was from me.”
Cas was tired. Exhausted, even. The lights dimmed around him and he slowly retracted. Then, faltering with a last final breath:
The air whipped against Dean's skin roughly and the charcoal black that surrounded them only heightened the sensation. A strong force pushed beneath his feet, intensely.
The room held its breath. Naomi closed her eyes. Cas’s jaw flexed and unflexed with conflict. Then, slowly, he unwound his hands. He released Naomi, pulling back.  Naomi’s eyes opened, pupils contracting and retracting as they adjusted to the light.
Cas’s fingers tightened, digging into the ghostly flesh of his own neck. On instinct, Dean reached forward, catching Cas’s eyes instead. They raged with discord, and Dean felt his limbs go cold and heavy. Cas dropped his hands by his sides as he paced, pumping them: fists, then open, fists, then open.
Sam felt the urge to reach out and comfort Dean, but wasn’t really sure how. That kind of nonverbal communication wasn’t really in their wheelhouse.
Cas’s nonchalance did little to dissuade Dean from the warning that tugged at the inside of his consciousness.
Cas blinked, shutting out the image of the raging river, only to be transported on unseen wings to the top of the canyon again. From his aerial view, he could see clearly: blood in the water, channeling louder and louder like static through the canyon, Cas’s fingers wet and sticky as he hemorrhaged.
Some tags have changed as of this chapter, so make sure to check them for triggers! Love you all! <3
It wasn’t even that angels couldn’t feel the hole inside them. It was always there, gaping, for those brave enough to look.
He glanced into the churning river as hands and arms breached the surface, screams cut short as the force dragged them back under on repeat. Cas’s bare feet dangled from the face of the drop, red dripping from his toes and deep below--a watery grave ready to sweep him away.
Dean watched himself smile viciously as he trailed a knife down his captive's chest. The man screamed as the red current poured from the intricate designs to the floor in waves. Crossing the second incision with the first, Dean's eyes stared at his work, glossy and mesmerized. The two cuts formed a "t" he used to fold back the skin and properly reach the heart. He always did this just before he squeezed it with rough, calloused hands until it popped inside his fingers.
“The last few nights I've been dreaming about. . .” Dean winced faintly, but tried to hide it. “Cas.” He paused and swallowed.
Something deep inside him told him these actions weren’t choices, even if he pretended they were. The truth was, Dean was the force of nature, the all consuming collapse of autonomy. The tremendous weight of his magnetic pull had dashed any hope of staying afloat long ago.
Cas, unable to respond, once again, and Dean felt his whole world narrow until the only important thing, the only piece of him that he even recognized was covered in blood.
“What did you call about?” he asked, finally pinning his heavy stare right on Dean again. It was overwhelming the way that Cas could seem like he was a million miles away, and yet the second he looked at you, he felt too close. It’d felt that way in the dream, too.
Castiel's hand seared into his flesh, blue light pouring from him. Beams shot from them both, one decapitating a demon as it collided, like the blast of a laser.
Cas scrunched his eyebrows. “Of course I'm real,” he said. The contrast of his water-slicked complexion made his eyes even more intensely bright and blue.
Castiel tore through the tumultuous skyline, fanning his wings, his face determined--a soldier on a mission, fire reflected in his eyes.
If Cas was going to keep ignoring him, he’d have to try plan B. Prayer. His neck grew hot as he considered it.
For your edification, I barely talked myself out of naming this chapter "Wet Dreams." You're welcome. Or, sorry. Depending.
Lightning fissures cracked through the air in random patterns. Fires rose massive in thousand foot pillars from the ground spreading out and fanning through scores of screams. The familiar sound was both intoxicating and terrifying, and Dean shuddered.
“You heard from Cas lately?” he asked, directing the question to his brother's back. Sam turned and looked at Dean with a bleary-eyed expression. He shoved a hand into the pocket of his pajama pants, and pulled out his phone, looking at it.
“I’m not a series of pieces you get to compartmentalize away. Just because my feelings and emotions were for you, doesn’t mean they
Cas drew his angel blade, but his face remained passive as he stood over her. Naomi stirred, sitting up, eyes immediately locked on Cas.
The sound of torrential water grew, and Cas’s eyes darted in an attempt to find the source. He stumbled on it, barely avoiding a misstep sweeping him away. Deep in the heart of the canyon, the river raged. Cas watched as the water tumbled and smashed its way indiscriminately through the rough, and he witnessed each reckless sweep of destruction.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “It's not like you can catch a staph infection, angel.” He emphasized the last word with a smirk.
But Cas sighed, breaking away from him. He walked to Dean’s body, squatting down beside it, staring at the frozen, glowing handprint. Behind Cas’s back, Dean reached out, hands grasping air, unseen.
Cas’s eyes followed the broken lines of concrete to the fading shingles on the roof. The red sign above them. He felt the pull of this place. Of Dean. Dean’s eyes dilated, eyebrows furrowed, searching.
Both scars glowed--then and now, emphasizing the impact of that moment. The past beckoned them, the handprint on the frozen-memory Dean vibrating fast with light.
Dean glanced up at her, rage fueling him as adrenaline pumped him with fear, lighting up his nerve endings with every breath.
Hot, bellowing walls of smoke choked their lungs. Below them, a crackling lake of fire, and they were diving right into its depths.
Despite it being one of the coldest nights of the year, Dean donned his boots and coat, ditched his room and decided he needed to go for a three A.M. drive. There was no way he was going back to sleep, anyway. He could tell from their last conversation that whatever was happening to him, had either freaked Cas the hell out, or he knew something Dean didn’t, and the thought sunk heavily in his chest.
“This wouldn’t be a problem if you checked it every once in a while,” spat Dean, plunking it back in Cas’s hand.
The understanding Dean found here surprised him. His soul was mangled and torn. It had been damaged with thirty years worth of torture. His face was dark with shadows, mind twisted.
His eyes, for the first time burdened with his own light, his wings, tucked deeply down his back--he faltered.
Hands, reaching, massive, wrapping themselves around the giant pillars of fire. The creature plucked the flaming beams from the ground, welding them, cracking them like whips across the sky.
Castiel dove deeper without hesitation, path fixed on Dean. He slashed viciously at anything that threatened his descent, bodies of thwarted demons flying in every direction. He roared, stretching his millions of feathers in great arches above him.
Drawn by the explosion, suits crowded into the once empty corridor, filling with plain-faced angels surrounding them on all sides. Rebecca’s voice, small and distant, as she stared in horror at Cas’s chest:
He flipped over the remaining pictures one at a time--a final farewell. In the end, he was left with nothing but the white-canvassed backs creating a blank wall of white.
Thunder roared at each crack of lightning. This place was chaos. So how was it, things were starting to feel clear?
On the table Cas glanced at the silver basketball-sized circular ring with sharp metal spears impaling the sides. Next to it sat a metal tray filled with various instruments still sporting his blood from the last encounter.
Dean cleared his throat and twisted open his beer. The tight notches of the cap dug into his fingers as he did, bringing him back. Taking a longer than necessary swig, condensation ran down his chin. He wiped it away with a knuckle.
Lightly, Cas tugged Dean close until their cheeks were almost touching. He tipped his chin up and to the left, waves of hot breath landing on the rim of Dean’s ear.
Cas's crystal certainty found Dean again, their stares locked, black flakes still falling from the sky--
He was walking, loafers splashing through the river of rainwater running along the dip in black asphalt. Cas’s socks squished in his shoes, his ears turning pink from cold. The red Neon Sign of the motel scattered broken crimson light through the sky.
“We would have worked it out,” Cas whispered. “The good memories, the bad, they both belonged to us. We could have handled complicated. Together.”
Dean’s eyes trailed along the rough brick walls. He scanned each dip of mortar before panning to the corner of the room where Cas stood statue-still, watching him.
Sam noticed the way Dean’s jaw clenched tight. Dean stared too hard at the paper, and if seething frustration could start a fire, Dean’s look was primed to burn.
Cas stared back at him completely defeated, like he was fading all over again. Flipped photos on the desk.
Sam slumped over a laptop in the library. They hadn’t had a case in weeks, but still Sam shuffled through the bunker’s inventory nightly, methodically scrawling messy notes.
He could feel Naomi on the air. See the way her work created scars inside the angels’ minds--thin strands like violin strings, the controlled buzz meant to drown out any thought that didn’t match its piercing pitch.
No, it wasn’t screams on the air, but a calculated symphony of control. The angels below with suffocated voices, swallowing gulps of air before being thrust back into the dominating river of sound. Drowning. For the first time, he could see the strings… plucked and stretched out thin like spider webs slung across the sky--Intricate stories with the endings already written in blood.
Before he could finish shutting it down, Cas was in front of him again, his normally intense expression amplified. He furrowed his eyebrows, pursing his lips in thought.
The light and the voice faded simultaneously, returning to its place like a string of christmas decorations.
Cas looked away, eyes searching the walls as if they were more worthy of his attention than the conversation.
His hand slid up Dean's arm. He slotted his fingers in the grooves, the pull that was always beckoning, finally sated--Dean's touch within reach.
“Thanks, Einstein, but if he isn’t answering me, he’s certainly not going to answer you,” he said instead. Sam tucked his hair behind his ears with a huff.
Dean looked on, helpless to penetrate the invisible shield between them before Naomi’s eyes suddenly locked on his, almost apologetically.
Using the back of his hand, he shoved a few items around, considering, then grabbed a beer. Not bothering to snag a plate or toppings, Dean snatched a bagel and made his way to the table. The chair scraped too loudly against the floor. It felt too stiff when he sat on it. He pulled a second chair over and propped his crossed bare feet on top of the armrest.
Halfway through his beer, Dean pulled out his phone, shooting a quick text to Cas: “Call me when you get this.”
Dean blinked, finding, for the first time he could face himself without emotional turmoil. The way he wondered if others looked at their own image without attributing their self-hating trauma.
Cas ignored him, looking pensive. He didn’t move, but Dean could feel Cas slipping away from him, his attention dissolving to faraway thoughts. He knew from experience what was coming next.
Cas nodded vaguely, but looked extremely distracted. There was something else on his mind, Dean could tell. Dean set aside his own embarrassment as he tried to understand Cas’s knit brows.
Condensation dripped down the back of his neck like cool breath, his head swimming. The air was dusty red, and tinges of it laced through his mind in unrecognized memory.
Crowley nodded and tried again. Cas squeezed his eyes tightly, seeing white, then red as the sting turned into a deep, agonizing throb. They repeated this process multiple times, Crowley calmly examining each intrusion with a “Now?”, “Now?”, “How about now?’
Falling to his knees, for the first time Cas looked up. Massive walls of rocks barreling through the sky, triple the height of Earth’s tallest skyscrapers. The canyon cradled him in its depths, crying out as if it were still being ripped into being.
The clustered memory throbbed in the air, waves of light pulsing, beckoning. It summoned Cas, growing brighter as he neared. He lifted his hand, fingers ready, as the ball’s light appreciated like building fire and he wondered if it might burn him if he touched.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “Millions of years old, and you'd think the angelic clan would have learned a little patience.”
Lowering his voice for emphasis, Crowley said, “Because you need to know, and I'm the only one who’s willing to help you with this.”
Rebecca jumped, clutching her head, yelling as her shoes dug deeply into the dirt, frosting her toes with brown. Sam’s blade raised in front of her in surprise. She held up a hand in surrender, loosening her collar with the fingers of her other one while he watched her, wary.
In the moments Cas was actually aware of Crowley, he looked bored save the ghost of a smile when he’d managed to make Cas really tremble or yell.
“The after effects can be a bitch, can’t they?” came a deep, accented voice. Cas saw a hazy shadow saunter towards him slowly. Each heavy step the man took smashed footprints in the once-pure snow with a crunch. He was dressed in black; hands hidden in the pockets of his overcoat.
The words engulfed Dean as if to bury him, and he knew that even after all they’d been through, they hadn’t yet reached the end.
“Of course,” he said, bitterly. “Why the hell would I think it’d be any other way. Everything and everyone is just a fucking ghost, leaving us to clean up the mess.” He pressed his fingers to his eyes.
Cas watched the phantom angels below him as the sky began to rain, thick red drops falling on his cheeks. Even the sky cried in blood.
In a moment of pure impact, the two wells of grace merged, and the effect was astronomical. A crash of power exploded, sending waves of light erupting through the room, inundating them. Naomi screamed. Cas opened his eyes.
He wanted to rip the letter up, feel it shred beneath his fingers the way he wanted to eviscerate his own insides. He took another long swig to get the job started. Maybe he could drink it all away.
“Alright, fine,” said the King, pressing the ignore button. He made his way back to Cas. “Now where were we?”
Dean shivered. The words dragging through him like barbs, scraping at his insides, tearing at his throat:
“You were saying something to me, but I couldn't really understand,” echoed Dean's voice in his head. The second he had heard that, he’d known something was off.
The star retracted quickly, resuming its place among the misty heavens and he looked at the vast suspension of lights surrounding him with awe. Taking another step, he brushed against a second one:
The sun shone warm on Cas’s face. He was there when it was born, his trueform glimpsing the mighty fusion of gaseous light.
Rebecca glanced at Sam, extracting her angel blade. Wordlessly, she walked inside and through the portal.
Dean gasped. He looked from Cas to the giant beast in the sky, marveling. They were the same, he knew, but he'd never fully understood the greatness.
“Yeah. Hey, Cas, buddy” he coughed, clearing his throat again, trying to re-instill a more casual tone, "I gotta ask you something.”
Sam didn't respond for a minute, his mouth opening and closing a few times as if he were testing his reply to figure out what to say.
Cas’s face was twisted, jaw strung tight like a rubber band. The yelling would peak soon, he knew, and he waited for the fury to spill over. Cas should hit him, beat the shit out of him like he had so long ago in the alley.
It was still there, pulsing, creating their bodies in ethereal wavelengths like they were both nothing more than phantom limbs.
“It was only meant to be you. You’d forget, then you’d come back home, this time for good,” she said, glancing at Dean pointedly. Then, she turned back to Cas, letting out a breath in surrender. “I should have seen it sooner. It was your connection. As soon as I adjusted your grace, the bits inside Dean altered his memory along with it. Eventually. It’s a jumbled mess up there, I’ve seen it. Like the edges are blurred and you don’t know where he ends and you begin. Should have just let me cut you free of him.”
"'Do we have enough candy?' I dunno, Cas, does four big bags of Halloween candy seem like enough to you?" Cas heard the teasing lilt of the rough voice and smiled.
, they were done painting their godforsaken room and could move all of their furniture back in and enjoy it from their bed instead of their sleeping bags.
Since Cas had work the following week, Dean ended up painting most of the lavenders and cornflowers by himself, but only when he wasn’t working on commissions, cooking, cleaning, eating, showering, or taking a break. It wasn’t anywhere near as much fun when he had to do it by himself, but he did listen to a lot of Zeppelin to help him get by until Cas came home and they could do it together, once Cas was up for it.
gay”. The roses ended up taking longer than expected, so that by the end of the weekend Cas’ enchanted garden only had grass and several thorny bushes of multicolored roses.
Dean is. He's so pleased with himself, showing off his bisexual flag pride pin and the matching pleats on his black kilt, and Castiel’s heart surges with longing and
has a few scars from when he woke up duct-taped to the wall after a childhood prank war gone wrong). So
The woman resolved to use her inside voice when speaking and ordering her food. Lucky for Castiel, her indoor voice isn’t so distracting that he can’t keep grading the paper in his hands. Before he knows it, he’s immersed in the prose of one of his brightest students, hooked by her thesis, captivated by the way she presents her facts and —
Only then does he remember she asked him a question. “Oh, yes, right. I’m here to pick up, Claire, but it appears I’m a bit early.”
and went to town on their headboard painting bees, dragonflies, ladybugs, Blue Emperor Butterflies, hummingbirds, and Emerald Swallowtail Butterflies. But did Dean complain? Yes, yes he did.
I’m not old!"), Castiel clears his throat and his head before turning in his chair, to face Dean and proceeding.
of their thoughts left their brain as it short-circuits and he openly stares at Dean wide-eyed in awe.
Cas snaps out of it when Miracle stands on his back legs and tries to lick used toothpaste off of the sink. Used toothpaste, Cas notices, that dribbled out of his mouth, down his chin, and onto the sink. Cas finishes brushing his teeth, now fully aware of his surroundings. He stops Miracle from trying to eat the sweet smelling toothpaste and pets him for helping Cas out of his stupor.
The young siren came up to Cas and Dean, who hopped back into his boyfriend’s lap ready to have his belly rubbed, and said, "Thank you, Mister!" before running off to the house across the street with his brother on his tail.
“You can never have too many soft things.” Eileen says, holding the stuffed animals closer, as if that’s a sufficient explanation.
, you promised you’d let me teach you how to make Chicken Cordon Bleu,” she insistently reminds him.
Castiel ignores the profanity in favor of letting Claire express her feelings. If her mother were here, she’d balk at Claire’s vulgar language, but even Amelia would be pleased that their teenage daughter is confiding in her parents.
The obnoxious woman ends her phone and Castiel finds themself feeling bad for the eardrums of whoever was on the other end of that call. Now that the overall noise level has gone down significantly, Castiel can focus on grading
“This is ridiculous! Is this how you treat all of your customers? By hiding the milkshake machine from us? I
Cas said nothing although his lip did curl in amusement; he sat in a chair behind the table with Dean on his lap, waiting for kids to show up.
When Dean came up for air from laughing so hard his sides hurt and he had tears in his eyes, he noticed Cas’ glare melted into sadness as he had a look around the room. Dean closed the short distance between them and enveloped Cas in a hug. Cas wrapped his arms around him and rested his head on Dean’s shoulders; Dean responded by running a hand through Cas’ silky, inky black hair, inhaling the coconut scent of Cas’ shampoo and rubbing little circles into Cas’ back. After a few minutes of Dean holding Cas tenderly, lightly massaging his back and making his hair even messier, Cas’ all but
Cas with the exhalation of a breath, the spell finished casting as his eyes stopped glowing and he ceased drawing magic from Dean.
Claire gave a full-body eye roll. “I know, I know. ‘Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.’”
—” (Castiel frowns at this, suspecting Dean isn’t talking about her passionate method of teaching at all if his embarrassed expression and blush is anything to go by) “— but then she’s talking about how there are people who feel attraction to more than two genders and I’m like, ‘Woah, she’s talkin’ ‘bout me!’” Dean motions to himself.
“Excellent choice, Your Royal Highness. I shall return momentarily with your snack,” Claire spins on her heels and goes back behind the counter to prepare Castiel’s order.
Up next were the apple blossoms and Dean carefully painted these to the tune of one of his favourite songs: Cas explaining how apple blossoms symbolized peace, sensuality, and good fortune. Truth be told, Dean didn’t give a rat’s ass what the flowers symbolized, but he loved how animated Cas got when he talked about his passions.
Both Cas and Dean sigh at the interruption. Dean gives Cas a quick kiss on the cheek before responding to their son with a quick, “Scrambled eggs,” and serving breakfast for everyone. Soon thereafter, Sam walks into the kitchen after his morning run while Cas makes coffee, pours milk in glasses, and Jack sets the table in a familiar routine. While Dean’s cooking bacon and sausage to go with the eggs, Eileen walks in, looking as radiant as everyone says pregnant women are supposed to be, one hand on her stomach. She’s a few months along and finally starting to show, to her annoyance and Sam’s delight.
, while the man in question was off braving hippies and middle-class suburban moms at work, Dean figured Cas wouldn’t mind it if he opened the box for his loving boyfriend and installed the bee knocker so Cas would come home to a wonderful surprise; except, Dean ended up being the one who went home to a surprise when he opened the box and found several bee knockers.
Dean follows Castiel’s line of sight and understanding dawns on his face when he catches sight of the pins. He looks back at Castiel and beams, lighting up the room once again, only this time his smile is aimed at Castiel, who responds by grinning back at gazing into Dean’s eyes, who wants nothing more than to see that smile aimed at him more often.
The entire time Castiel spoke, Dean listened carefully; now, Dean laughs, throwing his head back, exposing crinkles in his eyes and the column of his throat. When his fit of laughter permitted, he spoke. “Wait — wait, run this by me again, you — you majored in WGSS to — what, exactly? Win an argument?”
Castiel looks up and quirks the corner of his lip. “Now, Claire, is that anyway to greet your parent?”
The man grins. “Oh, I noticed. You did great,” he chuckles, “I’m surprised that the woman didn’t spontaneously combust, what with the way you looked at her. Nice lazer eyes you got there.”
“Please take me to my seat,” Castiel smiles in amusement at his daughter’s theatrics. This time, when the other customers throw him and Claire strange looks, he doesn’t glare at them until they stopped; he simply lets them enjoy the show with their afternoon snack.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean dismisses Castiel’s statement with a wave of his hand. “‘Castiel’, huh?”
love confessions, Dean and Cas had saved up enough money to buy a house, and they did. It was a beautiful and “cosy” cottage far enough away from the city to avoid the hustle and bustle, but not so far it took longer than an hour to get there.
“No nightmares last night.” Cas’ smile falls at the thought of the nightmares he’s been plagued by ever since he became human again. It’s as jarring now as it was the first time though now he doesn’t have to deal with it alone. So far, he hasn’t had a nightmare all week, a small blessing, although it’s just beginning. “What about you?”
” and walks off in the direction Alex motioned to, presumably to take care of the dishes. Castiel smiles while watching Claire work, content with the knowledge that Alex is a good influence on his daughter; after all, Claire doesn’t do the dishes for just anyone.
As Sam levels his brother with one of his signature “bitch” faces, as Dean refers to them, a thought occurs to Cas. “Is Jack old enough to watch this movie?” Cas inquires, grabbing some popcorn from the bag in his boyfriend’s lap.
Dean looks at Castiel in confusion, likely wondering why they’re looking at him so differently all of a sudden.
Two hours and several impressively dressed trick-or-treat'ers later (including a young, seven foot tall Windigo dressed as a "the scariest thing I could think of", a human infant), a little siren dressed as an undead hippie and his older, costumeless brother showed up. The little siren walked halfway to Cas and Dean before stopping and staring up at the house in fear; his sunken black eyes widened in fear and his ashen grey skin took on a more pinkish hue.
When Cas looked back at Dean, they stared at each other, once more, for a small handful of seconds before they both
“Remember?” Claire asks, scooping up some red-orange ice cream from the container she just pulled out and stacking the scoops on the container of matching ice cream in the display before smoothing it out.
Feeling himself grow a bit pale and wide-eyed, Castiel overcorrects, “No. I mean, ‘yes’ — I mean, I’d like it to be,” Castiel grows increasingly shy as he speaks.
as if Dean were staring into Castiel’s very soul and it stared at Dean’s right back. It’s after this particular revelation Castiel realizes they got lost staring into the greenest and most beautiful eyes they’d ever seen.
Dean nods, no stranger to unwelcome recollections himself, making space in the cart for the large box. He has to move some of the baby toys, clothes, toothpaste, shampoo and conditioner bottles before he’s able to situate the diapers in the cart.
He’s tall, yes — that much Castiel could tell when he first stood up — and has sandy brown hair and eyebrows to match. Castiel already knew that; they saw the man’s beautiful profile. But seeing the man’s face from the front, as opposed to his profile, leaves Castiel feeling a little breathless — the man is
“I mean,” Dean removes his arm from its resting place on the table and holds his hands out in front of him as if he were gripping a small ball and Castiel totally does not notice the man’s thick fingers and rough-looking hands. “I was in one of my WGSS classes when the smokin’ hot TA started rambling on about different gender identities and sexualities and shit, and before I know it she’s talking about bisexuality. At that point, I was distracted by her, uh,
There’s a hum in the air, the sound of wings and Lucifer turns his head in time to see Castiel. Castiel on the ground curled around... It takes Lucifer longer than he would have liked to recognize his brother. Gabriel’s grace is always brilliant. Bright. Now it isn’t much of anything and... There’s blood
“What!?” Dean is laughing now and the blue eyes looking at him curiously. “I managed to raise Sammy without killing him.”
Gabriel lays all the papers he has on the kitchen table and carefully settles the owl on top of them. “Nearly all of the pagans have pledged their service. That means we’re only outnumbered two to one now. All we need is a plan.”
The week goes by easy, the angels are still touchy but Dean’s getting kinda used to that. The only thing that happened was Sam called the other day and Gabriel answered the phone. Next thing Dean knows Gabriel’s chattering all excited in Enochian because his brother is a giant nerd and has been learning the language from God knows where.
She raises an eyebrow. "So I see. Crowley you were nearly destroyed, soul and flesh. Give yourself some time to heal."
"Yeah," Dean agrees as Cas' fingers slip just under the waist of his sleep pants. "Sammy'll take good care of her."
Relief rises in Castiel and it must show because Dean smiles and kisses him. Small rewards are all that Castiel can ask for now. Sweet things and stolen moments have become the only things he looks forward to. The kiss drags on, neither willing to break it for very long, until a sleepy voice chirps from the vicinity of Dean's chest.
It’s Sam so he ignores it, but now he’s not sure about the protocol anymore. He answered the last time Sam called and the time before that. It was kind of a relief because Sam didn’t call to ask stupid crap, Sam called to ask how Abe was and to bitch about stupid nerdy Sam things. It was so ridiculously normal that Dean almost forgot that they were supposed to be fucked up and not talking.
"This was your childhood toy?" Castiel asks, sitting down on the bed next to Dean. He reaches behind his mate to run his hand over his sleeping fledgling's back. She's curled around her lion, her hair is a mess, and her face needs to be washed... but she's perfect.
Raphael closes his vessel's eyes for a moment. "Mendel." Fearful eyes are turned towards him. Raphael wonders when he went from the healer even the least of angels trusted to something to be feared. "Take your mates and go somewhere safe. Somewhere away from here."
When he promised Castiel his help, Gabriel hadn't said anything about behaving or quitting being a Trickster, so here he is grinning and chewing on a Snickers bar as he stands in the corner of a young man's room.
For a moment Anna looks surprised and then thoughtful before she smiles. "Truthfully? I'd say he's a bit of a handful. I doubt there would be many people who could keep up with him."
"I know," Castiel sighs, before turning. He looks tired... worn. The need to leave falters in Gabriel. Leaving isn't going to help anything, he'd known that years ago. He just wishes it wasn't so hard to pretend anymore.
This is why he left. He can't be the commanding Archangel everyone expects and needs him to be. He doesn't want this responsibility. He doesn't want this... connection.
If Sam meant it, not just playing some joke to get back for all the "jokes" Gabriel has visited on the Winchesters, then Sam is interested. Gabriel doesn't know what to do with that. He wants... craves Sam in a way he doesn't want to look at too closely, and this courting started long, long ago. Started in the pagan fashion with blood and death and games. The boy was interesting, clever, full of sharp edges, and dark places. He'd been unattainable and Gabriel had turned his eyes away before Sam could slide further down with a mouth full of blood into the arms of a demon. Gabriel hadn't expected the want to be as strong when he saw Sam again, hadn't expected Sam to even think of asking for his help. He never expected to be able to have Sam.
Sam crosses his arms and narrows his eyes. "Yeah, because Zachariah wasn't trying to kill her, and all those other angels haven't been trying to kill Castiel. Angels are totally trustworthy," he says probably more harshly than one should speak to an angel. "And why the hell do you have a British accent?"
The hand pushes inside him. Sam screams over that wet laugh. It feels like Jhudiel is tearing apart his insides. It goes on and on and Sam's choking on his own saliva when he feels the thread of connection to Gabriel start to fray.
“You know not of our Father’s will. You only know your own twisted desires,” Castiel spits and Sam can feel the tension rising in the room, prickling like static electricity.
Anna is talking to Castiel as Sam makes his way past them... "As soon as we've got an opening, get to the panic room. Crowley will have Elle and Emily out of here faster than anything..."
There are fingers trailing up Dean's hip, just barely dipping into the curve beneath his belly before skirting back up to his side in a loop and then coming down to smooth in an uneven line up his spine. He arches into them, half awake and unthinking, and gets a soft warm kiss on the back of his neck for it. His room smells like cotton and old wood and angel; exactly how he wants it. He mumbles something, some half formed thought of concern, something that he was supposed to remember.
Dean flops down on the bed which means he’s a baby jungle gym now. He lays there for a good five minutes being crawled over until there’s a chuckle from the doorway.
For a moment Dean is tempted to go to him. But he doesn’t know what he’ll say. He doesn’t know the exact specifics of what happened between Sam and Gabriel. Now there’s the small terror that he’ll never know. He looks down as Castiel reaches up to curl his hands in the cuff of Dean’s jeans and tug. Dean slides down to sit on the step, his arm coming up to pull Cas to him. Nothing feeling quite right until he’s got Cas tucked against him.
"Yes," Gabriel agrees, barely lifting his mouth from Sam's enough to speak. He pushes Sam down onto the cushioned and blanket covered floor. Gabriel's still straddling Sam's hips and smiles wickedly as he rocks against Sam.
Dean had said fuck it after the first week of insistent questions and showed Gabe the internet. Which was a terrible mistake for the first few days but the angel had mellowed out.
Dean is in the kitchen making breakfast when Sam walks back into the living room. His father is on the phone. He’s ‘hmm’ing at whoever is on the other end but his attention is focused on Abe who is intent on having him gather every stuffed animal he owns and putting them in a pile on the couch. They share a glance but Sam knows it isn’t time to deal with that right now. He’s not sure he has the energy.
For a moment it's like the old times, Michael wreathed in fire just fiddling around with his papers. Barachiel doesn't know what to do for a moment, he'd expected wards or traps, he expected Michael to have been tricked into one of those prisons that Anael has spoken of, that Anael had been
Dean’s in the kitchen pretending to make coffee and trying to not freak out. His dad is out in the living room, leaning back in the recliner, with a baby, hold on...
Cas can't be confused by what the word means then it dawns on Dean that Cas wants him to say it. "Okay, let's talk."
"I promise I'm not trying to be a giant pervert but she's got some sorta magic on her and I can't quite..." He gingerly slides up the pink dress, thankful that she's wearing leggings since this is already crazy awkward, hell, this was probably worse than that time he fell asleep naked on top of the Royal Bank and ended up on the BBC. But then he blinks, because there across the small of her back in twisting pink scars are two lines of symbols that very much should not be there. He swallows and very carefully presses fingers across them, pushing past the magic that's blocking him and feels the familiar twisting warmth of a human soul. Something in him clenches and for a moment he sees green fields, Remiel sunning himself on that rock in his old vessel, the steamy rich smell of fabric dye and that voice telling him to keep his fingers out of it or so help her she's going to...
"Clever boy. This isn't yours at all is it? Yet, you're still so scared." Lucifer takes a step forward and Sam holds his ground.
That is when all the windows explode out of the motel in a hail of glass and twisted aluminum. They all turn to stare as room 3G starts to suck in on itself, like someone has unleashed a black hole in it.
Elle reaches up and touches the pendant curiously. "Warm," she says in English. She abandons the bear and lion, and hauls herself up using his shoulder for leverage and balance. Her tiny legs hold her unsteadily. She reaches for the pendant again, and Castiel has the sudden urge to keep it from her.
There a lot of things that go through Sam's mind, ranging from apologies to comments on how whipped Dean is, but he can't seem to get any of them out. He just nods and Dean sighs, slipping past him to go up the stairs. Dean makes it up two steps before he stops and turns.
Castiel holds the bear up to Elle, watching as she carefully tugs on ears and runs tiny fingers over it's plastic eyes. He introduces it in his language, although he has to say it's given name in English because "Fuzzybuttons" didn't exactly lend itself to the angelic tongue. Dean is laughing now although Castiel isn't sure why, but laughter is welcome as long as it means Dean is happy. Elle seems pleased with the toy and hugs it to herself, taking it out of his hands.
Sam sits up. "Two more... Gabriel? Who the hell is coming?" There's fear and accusation there, that makes Gabriel bristle, kills the warmth that spread through him like a traitorous creeping vine while he'd sat there.
“Are you going somewhere?” He asks because while Gabriel leaves the house all the time, Cas hasn’t even gone out on the porch.
"I don't think Crowley is the first he's gone after," Remiel says, pulling a handkerchief from his pocket. He methodically starts wiping blood from his hands. Gabriel would be amused under different circumstances. "From what I pulled out of Nuriel's head they've been going at it for the last week or so. Demons, humans, angels, pagans, anything the Winchesters might have come in contact with over the last few years or that they thought would know anything."
"I do not touch him!" Shit, maybe he did. It wasn't his fault Sam was all elbows and bulk and the living room was kind of small... "We're... friends." Shit. It had been years since anything that he didn't make himself could be called that.
Castiel frowns. "Anna then, if she's well enough. She knows Crowley will be safe here if she leaves him."
The room is quiet for a long moment, only the sound of the low sound of the cartoon on the TV and their breathing. Dean leans down and gently picks up the baby. "I just don't want to talk about it," he tells Sam, retreating back to his bed with the baby. "Okay?"
Sam can't breathe, can't think. All he can see is the knife too close his niece's face. Dean's baby girl. He's cost Dean so much... and Lucifer had promised... Lucifer would keep Elle safe...
Dean hears Bobby sit down heavily in one of the kitchen chairs and quietly, he carries Elle back up stairs. Bobby doesn't need to know he heard any of that, and if he does know they can keep the illusion that no one did.
Sam laughs at the image as Gabriel smiles, something indulgent and proud. “I was afraid that Abdiel wouldn’t be able to make those kinds of connections. With the war on it was too dangerous to keep all our young in one place, and we didn’t have any other fledglings in our flock.”
Dean's tongue feels heavy in his mouth, and he takes a swig of beer, then another. "What does that have to do with Anna? I heard Barachiel tell her she couldn't heal him. Why is that?"
Dean watches as Elle shoves her lion off the edge of her highchair and Remiel catches it without breaking the amused glare he's giving Barachiel. She giggles when he places it back in front of her and starts the game all over again.
"Help?" Dean has had about enough of this shit. Why the hell would Michael help them? Why the hell would Sam even think that? What the fuck was with his brother and the angel and this chick flick touching all of a sudden?
Dean rolls his eyes, shifting the baby in his arms. A small head rests on his shoulder, and blue eyes watch Gabriel. "The point is, for some reason she decided to reward us for our 'great service' to her. And then poof, I'm holding a baby."
Sam is on the stairs, his head dipped, watching Gabriel in the doorway. For a long moment, all of them are still and then Barachiel shouts. Gabriel is out the door, cutting through the smoke and seconds later something screams and there's a low buzz as a darker cloud rises from the smoke.
Sam reads between the lines. If he and Gabriel were mated, she wouldn't fear Gabriel hurting him because he was in a mood. Sam just nods. "Yeah, okay."
He’s not sure whether he sees Cas more or less after that. He’s always in the back room now and Dean can hear the soft noises of paper shifting. Abe’s usually in his playpen in the hallway. Positioned so both Dean and Cas can keep an eye on him.
“Yes, Gabriel has taken Luc to your nest and your father is calling the Council.” Great, probably to tell them he’s located Luc and he gonna bring him in... “I believe he’s telling them that a formal tribunal won’t be necessary.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Not ever, ever. But it’s still too early to make any sort of permanent decisions.”
The house is still vibrating, low and menacing and he doesn't have to look at his fledgling to know that he's shaking his head.
"Is he healing?" Gabriel asks as he stands, holding a hand out for Castiel. They're both bloody so Castiel accepts it, standing as Barachiel traces symbols of healing around the wound on Remiel's shoulder.
It’s quiet when he slides out into the living room. Dean and Cas were in the bedroom, curled on the bed talking quietly while Abe sat cradled between them. They’d been having ‘issues’ of late. Issues here having the meaning of Dean being a whiny bitch about Cas being hesitant about mating.
Gabriel frowns and looks at Castiel who is sitting up in his bed of heather, not quite awake but eyeing Anael suspiciously, his wings all fluffed up.
“An army took out Gabriel?” Lucifer frowned because that didn’t sound right. Angels and demons couldn’t have done this to his brother.
Which was dumb because running from relationships was what Dean did best. He could go down the list, Cassie, Victor, Lisa, Ash... Fuck. Plus he wasn’t sure if he liked Cas or if it was just three years of celibacy telling him that this was an excellent idea. Did angels even have sex?
"Do you want me to beat Barach up?" He asks instead, and waits for the wince and then the smile to come from Cas.
and fishes a beer out of the fridge. And he's got to talk to Sammy about putting green stuff in the vegetable bin. Everyone knows that bin's really for beer.
"Sam, stop being such a goddamn mother hen," Dean says, watching the baby. "We can handle whatever comes along."
Hands come up to slide over his face, fingertips along his cheeks, wiping away tears and the words, “Why? You’ve done nothing wrong,” echo in the dark.
"Are you going to tell me what happened or are you going to be a dick about it?" Gabriel asks, cocking his head to the side.
When he’s gotten control of himself and wiping the tears off his face he realizes that Gabriel and Luc are looking at him with the same amused expression that makes Sam smile. They’re more alike than they realize.
Cas' voice is low and Dean can feel the hum of his words against his back. Ah, that was it, last he remembered the kid was in bed with them. Two excited angels telling him about stars and comets and having races in the wide cold swathes between them. Elle had fallen asleep on the bed between him and Cas.
Barachiel looks up at him and frowns. "Lucifer didn't send it. Rem says that Zach did. That somethin's wrong. He says that Lucifer is gone, he kept saying he couldn't hear him, call him."
Raphael runs his finger tips over the scrape, healing it completely. "There that is better, isn't it, small one?"
Gabriel was walking down the road to the house, his hair tousled and coat flaring out behind him. He paused for a moment at the gate, frowning and then seemed to sidestep through something Sam couldn't see, making his way towards the porch. Sam wasn't sure if he should tell Bobby that an Archangel just wiggled through the wards. He'd bring it up later. Gabriel stops in front of him, tossing Bobby a cursory glance, before smiling down at Elle, then looking around.
"Don't worry, Sammy," Gabriel says, handing Sam a plate stacked high with pancakes. "I managed to rescue some from your brother."
and that's the shit that gets you killed. He knows it's his brothers. He can feel the surge of grace splitting the sky open and rolling towards them. What he can't figure out is why there's so
This was exactly what Gabriel had not wanted to get involved with, but if the whole world burned then what happened to Elle? To Cas?
"Just do what you can," Gabriel asks. He hadn't thought that would be too much to ask the other Gods but they had been more than happy to prove him wrong.
"Everything alright, Sam?" Bobby asks climbing up the steps and Sam has to marvel at that for a moment, that Bobby is healed.
Dean’s whistling Boston the next morning. He had a really good night. Slept amazingly, even with a baby on top of him and Cas trying to curl underneath him. His fucking knee doesn’t hurt, all his shitty reports are caught up on... Of course he sort of forgets all that the second he comes around the corner and Gabriel is glowering at him from over a mug at the dining room table.
Raven hisses, a low dragging noise between her teeth. "Who did you talk to? Did you talk to Kali? She's angry about this, wants to kill the devil. You should have gone to her or... or... Baldur wouldn't have seen you... Susanoo would help or... Puck, maybe."
Cas comes in a few minutes later and gets to sorting books with a ferocity usually reserved for going after werewolves. Dean turns and leans back in his desk chair, rocking slightly because Abe loves that.
Sam lingers in the living room once everything quiets down. Anna had pretty much woken the whole house. Castiel had gone to fuss over Elle who hadn't settled down yet after all the excitement and Sam can still hear his brother talking to Gabriel in the kitchen. No one's started yelling and he hasn't heard anything break so he can only assume that it's going well. He expects them to fight, it would be too much to hope that they just have a civil conversation and...
Ten minutes later, he's behind the barn and Pru is staggering around giggling and trying to not puke.
Anna sits down in the spot he left as the front door slams and Sam hears Bobby shout before a "Sorry!" follows. Sam sighs and shakes his head, grinning.
Dean bangs the back of his head against the cabinets. "She's my friend and she saved Cas' life," he says, swallowing explanations and protests. Gabriel doesn't deserve those, only Cas does. "She was acting like she was going to go mad out there. Like Crowley being hurt was killing her. I want to know why."
Gabriel is curled up behind Sam, idly nosing and kissing the edges of the mark he'd left while listening to the last of the rain trail off. The inside of the van is warm, the overhead light fixed now, and they'd ended up wrapped in the blankets he'd conjured.
"When I'm done fixing Elle's bottle. I don't want her waking the whole house," Sam points out. "Or sending up big 'something angelic is here' signals."
“So, is that it then?” Barachiel asks. “Anna and Crowley will lead the garrisons while me an’ human hunters come in around the edges, make sure nothing slips out to cause trouble later?”
"Cos the only thing that's gonna get you outta whatever hole you buried your good self in, is another little’un running about the place. So I start keeping an ear out for chat regarding
The baby squirms in Castiel's arms, and Castiel holds her a little tighter. His hand ghosts over baby, soothing her. He gives Gabriel a wide-eyed look.
Gabriel snorts. "She's still less grumpy in the morning than her father." He plucks a strawberry from the bowl and hands it to Elle. The offering seems to appease Princess Winchester, as she shows it first to her lion then starts to nibble at it with her baby teeth. "Sleep well, Samuel?"
Dean's hard in his jeans, and he tugs at the knot of Cas' tie at the same time he's trying to walk them backwards to the bed. Because he's smooth and he can do shit like this. Only Cas makes him clumsy, makes him too greedy for Cas' skin.
Luc ends up not going back to his ‘creaky dump’. Sam pretty much figured he was sold the second Cas showed him the library. He still argues with Gabriel at least until someone threatens to get the hose.
Dean’s getting sick. Not that he’s gonna admit that. He’s got too much weird shit with Cas going on right now to get sick. He can’t afford it. He blames Jo, who came by last week after a drop off at the Home. The filthy germ ridden Home.
Anna's face softens. "He did it for Dean though, so I'll forgive him. I think the poor thing was in love with Dean since the moment he pulled him from hell. He just didn't know what to do with it."
It wasn’t his fault that no one informed him that angels were... touchy. Dean can’t go an hour without a hand on him or someone in his personal space.
She's petite, pale and freckled with bouncy red curls and glasses. She's wearing a gray pea coat and a rose colored dress, with ridiculously floral patterned rain boots and in her right hand is a pink box tied with string. She smiles sweetly when she looks at him, green eyes snapping to black as he stands.
"Maybe," Gabriel concedes. He already knows he will though. There are so many stories to tell, so many things he's seen and for so long he's had no one to tell. He used to tell Castiel when he still fit in Gabriel's arms, but that was such a long time ago.
Gabriel exhales sharply, and turns his head away from Dean, another beer appearing in his hand. "They cut her mark off him, burned it from him. She should have been able to heal him but with the mark gone... angels only know how to kill and destroy demons, not heal them." He stops as if debating something with himself. Dean's hand strays up to his own shoulder where Cas' mark sits, and he swallows hard. "We were lucky Remiel returned. As a fallen... there are things he can do that even Michael can't."
It's at that point Robert comes into the room, and Castiel sees the man's eyes widen. "Christ," Robert whispers. "Emmy."
He's not quite sure about the boundaries of touching, Anna hadn't elaborated on that too much, but Sam figured with Gabriel being Gabriel he could wing it. So he wraps fingers around Gabriel's wrist and tugs in the barest of invitations.
The clock that was on his desk is on the floor. It's broken, its said 4:09 since he first laid eyes on it. He isn't sure what time it is now, the blackout curtains have been drawn, he can't tell if the sun is up or down. They didn't string him up facing the window. There are sigils drawn into the floor, a devils trap which binds him. The pain is almost a numb ache now, it only flares up in certain points.
“He’s here because after all the paperwork I went through keeping him I wasn’t exactly going to hand him off to some random asshole at the Home.” His dad frowns at him and Dean winces.
"Oh, I wasn't playing at being a pagan god. It's not a coat you can put on and take off." Gabriel takes a long drink of beer. "I... had let myself forget a great many things. You kept reminding me, but I just couldn't leave you alone."
Silently, Castiel turns and makes his way back to the bedroom. Elle is fine, safe and he is in no way what Dean would call a "cock block". He can't blame his brother though. Some humans are simply compelling, he's found that out. Though it is odd to think of Gabriel in this way and Sam is not what he would have expected his brother to covet. But then he never expected to find
Dean's cup of coffee is growing cold where it sits untouched on the kitchen table. Cas isn't hovering at the moment since Bobby sent him up into the attic for the crib. The baby is in Dean's lap now. She keeps trying to touch his injured hand and Dean's not sure what's up with that. "I'm not sure I even want to know; but why exactly do you say that Bobby?" Dean asks, he's bone tired and all he really wants is his bed. But he hadn't wanted to put off explaining the baby until the next day.
"It is important that she address her lion formally as he is an ally or friend and disrespect should not be implied..." He's cut off when Dean tugs him down for another kiss making Elle laugh and squeal.
"Yeah, I know," Dean rolls his eyes before his smile lessens, but it doesn't fade. "So, are we good?"
Dean runs his hand over his face, “Angels find the flesh of animals repulsive and sickening. Anything that was once alive is off the menu.”
"Where's Cas?" Dean asks softly, walking across the room to Sam's bed. There's a half full bottle on the nightstand, next to a pair of cheap sunglasses. Dean notices some of the chrome splatter has been scraped off the fake wood.
Everything turns into a jumble of pain and the taste of blood and laughter in his ears. The thread snaps. He passes out with the sound of Jhudiel’s laughter echoing in the room.
Gabriel's steps are slow and measured. His eyes are focused on Zachariah, pinning the other angel with his gaze. “Ah now, let’s not drag politics into this. You always were the slower study. I’ve been meaning to talk to you, Zachariah, about the treatment of
Anna shakes her head firmly. "We... you were on Earth for a while before things fell apart. It wasn't until after the flood. Morningstar became so... angry. So filled with hatred. He'd never liked humans or how Father adored them, but he held his tongue. If he didn't love them he didn't tell Father, he didn't openly disobey," she shrugs her shoulders and makes a sound almost like a laugh, "So damn stupid, all of it. But Father didn't forgive easily back then. Father didn't give mercy easily. And Michael... Michael was so very obedient."
Castiel looks down at his beautiful fledgling who is yawning and blinking her wide blue eyes, reaching one hand out for him, well, probably more for his tie. Dean chuckles as she squirms until Castiel picks her up, kissing the top of her head and cradling her in the crook of his arm. She's still half asleep, babbling something about kisses and light. Then she sees the teddy bear, tucked in between Castiel and Dean and makes a curious noise. Dean passes it over along with her lion that had slid under him.
"You were dying," Anna insists, anger of her own in her voice. He thinks her wings are out but he can't see them, not now.
Gabriel laughs as he rocks his hips again, then leans down to kiss Sam just before he snaps his fingers.
"You're a little late," Dean finally croaks out. Five minutes ago Dean would have said yes. If it saved everyone. Now all he can do is stare at the archangel, in a perfectly fine looking vessel damn it, who was supposed to... The one who was supposed to be dealing with all this shit in the first place and...
Bobby is bitching at him about how hard raising kids is and Dean vows to teach the angel to call him ‘grandpa’ as soon as he start figuring out words.
Gabriel blinks and in the space of that quick movement, the white light of his pupils become nothing more than pin pricks in the center. The Archangel takes a shaky, unnecessary breath. "You're always invited, Sam," Gabriel says like he maybe feels guilty for making Sam think he wasn't.
. Elle snuffled and wriggled, Sam watched Gabriel run his hand down her back until she calmed. There was something to that, something to the way that Gabriel smiled when Elle held her lion out to him; something to the way that he looked at Cas when he wasn't being a furious trickster.
Sam rolls his eyes but grins and wriggles his hips. Gabriel knows the conversation isn't over. He has so much to tell Sam, so many parts of him that have been hidden away, but for now Sam will let it drop. He'll let Gabriel kiss him and taste his skin. He'll let him forget that there's a sort of kind of apocalypse on and all of his friends are jackasses. But he'll still remember all the important bits, all the things that Gabriel doesn't say. Sam won't let Gabriel hide and that's why he loves him.
Miracle continues whining and Cas gets him to stop with a simple, “No, down boy.” Miracle whines once more before he seems to understand he’s not going to get any food from them. He lays down in front of the couch just as the opening credits end and the movie officially begins.
“How come?” Castiel asks, curious as to what could cause Claire to feel so much contempt towards Alex’s boyfriend.
“Really?” As much as Cas was hoping Dean would at least try to see things his way, he’s still surprised by his boyfriend’s reaction.
he did). Cas, on the other hand, could not look at the painting of himself as an angel without blushing furiously and Dean loved every second of it. Cas, knowing very well Dean painted his angelic self naked on purpose, was not having any of Dean’s shit and insisted Dean paint some clothes on it, which led to Dean laughing and asking Cas
Cas walks back to bed and gets under the covers. He opens his arms in invitation. It isn’t until Dean’s pillow is sufficiently fluffed, he turns the lights off, covers them with the blankets, and is “spooned” by Cas, comfortable and secure in his boyfriend’s arms that Dean talks in a low voice. “Well, when you put it like that, I gotta say, Cas, you might be onto somethin’.”
“I’m ready to go, ren,” Claire walks up to the two of them and it’s a testament to how distracting Dean is because the reason Castiel went to the ice cream shop in the first place somehow snuck up on them; more to the point, Dean is so distracting, Castiel momentarily forgot why he came to the ice cream parlor, to begin with.
the more you harass this young lady —” he nods in Claire’s direction as if there is any question as to who he’s referring to “— the more money I put in her tip jar.” As if to prove his point, he takes out a single bill from his wallet and deposits it in the jar, all without breaking eye contact with the obnoxious woman.
Castiel hesitates. Ever since he changed his major to WGSS, he and Meg decided in order to preserve their friendship, it was best they establish boundaries for their heated debate on Shakespeare’s sexuality, otherwise, things would get ugly very quickly. Soon thereafter, the two of them agreed that every year on the anniversary of Castiel changing his major, they would publicly debate Shakespeare’s sexuality and on the other three-hundred sixty-four days of the year, they’d gather as much evidence as possible to back up their points. However, through the years, as he and Meg have matured, the debate has grown less and less heated and become more of a tradition, and in recent years, a competition to see who could come up with the most ridiculous “proof” as to why Shakespeare was gay or bisexual.
Once all of the flowers had been painted, including sunflowers, jasmines, daisies, petunias, and poinsettias, Cas and Dean agreed to paint on some insects, to make the garden feel more alive, and by “insects” Cas meant “bees”. So. Many. Bees.
— gives him a smile, small and sad, which leads them to believe she’s thinking of why she wanted her name changed, too.
.” She says the last word as if it leaves a bad taste in her mouth while spraying the stainless counter and wiping it down.
And for the first few months (after scraping off the bathroom mould and a quick phone call to the landlord and a professional mold removal service), Dean and Cas were happy in their postage-stamp-sized apartment. Dean got to wake up to Cas clinging to him like an octopus and the dulcet sounds of his boyfriend sawing logs in his sleep every morning. He got to spend ten minutes removing himself from Cas’ octopus-like grip, make too sugary coffee in their off-brand coffee maker and a breakfast fit for kings on a stove that only cooperated every third Tuesday and only after ritual sacrifices, wait for his the love of his life to mummy walk his way to the kitchen and grunt a semi-coherent thank you when Dean handed Cas his coffee. Dean got to bid Cas a good day at his work in the garden section of Home Depot after Cas took almost half an hour to get out of bed but only ten minutes to be ready and out the door with a packed lunch and a kiss from Dean. Dean got to spend the day making art, whether for commissions or fun, ordering take-out for lunch, calling Cas on his break, making more art, and welcoming Cas home after a long day. He also got to make them a home-cooked meal for dinner, and when that didn’t work, they stopped by their next-door neighbour Missouri’s because she always made enough food to feed a small country and frequently shared the food with the “lovely boys next door” (her words, not Dean’s), and when their bellies were full, Dean got to relax with Cas in front of the flat screen tv in their room (it was too big for the living room, but it worked out for them because sometimes they would Netflix and Chill and other times they would Netflix and Chill). And after all was said and done, they got to fall asleep in each other's arms, more often than not with the tv on because neither of them remembered to turn it off. And those few months were some of the best Dean has ever had.
“Hello, Dean,” His smile turned into a confused frown when he noticed Dean was less than pleased. “Is something wrong?”
Dean cackles. It’s a full-bodied cackle where he puts one hand on his stomach and the other on the table for balance when he leans too far back in his chair. Around them, some of the patrons stare at Dean in disapproval until Castiel glares at every single one of them, then the other customers look away. Once Castiel feels the other customers are properly chastised, he turns to Dean, who’s catching his breath, with a gummy smile, because he made Dean laugh like that. And he wants to do it again.
Castiel puts his hand over his heart, in mock offense, and makes sure his tone is exaggerated enough, “Claire-bear, is that anyway to take your ren’s order?”
At the same time Claire faux gags, Castiel’s mouth becomes dry and he swallows to counteract the dryness. Afterward, ignoring Claire’s protests and Dean’s consequent response (“Gross, old guy flirting with my ren.” “
Castiel chuckles, smiling down at his hands in his lap for a second before looking back at Dean. “My best friend Meg was a WGSS major as well and she convinced me to change my major after a heated debate on whether Shakespeare was gay or bisexual. She promised me if I changed my major from accounting, I’d be able to prove to her Shakespeare was bi.”
Sensing Claire is about to say something, Castiel glances at her just in time to witness a mischievous and cheeky grin form, as if in slow motion. “I just got a new stepdad.”
Dean’s cheeks become dusted with a light pink color and this close to his face, Castiel notices Dean’s freckles for the first time and adores the way they stand out when Dean blushes.
(Dean didn’t want to repaint that masterpiece on another door but he didn’t want to paint over it either so he reasoned that the only logical thing to do was to unscrew their old apartment door and replace it with the bedroom door from their cottage. Surprisingly, Crowley was okay with this; unsurprisingly, Cas was not. But following the conversation where he got Cas to admit that if it were Dean painted as a six-winged, naked angel on the back of the door, Cas wouldn’t hesitate to rip the door from its hinges, Cas agreed, begrudgingly, to let Dean keep the door.)
stares at them, so much so that Castiel begins to squirm in their seat, but they maintain eye contact; they stare back. In the back of his mind, he wonders if this was what other people feel like when Castiel stares at them, but that can’t be right.
“Besides, I love sex. Teaching it, talking about it, learning about it —” Dean gives Castiel a significant and heated look “—
Claire grins back and from here, Castiel can see the mischief in her eyes, “I learned from the best.” She turns her attention to Castiel, “Hey, Ren, come meet my new friend.”
But the man continues speaking over her as if she hadn’t. “— you got two options. Keep yelling at this employee or leave. Keep in mind, I just got paid; I can do this all day,” he warns her.
Dean had to admit, their “cosy” cottage was just that: cosy. Cas and Dean often argued about what they wanted their new home to be like and how they wanted it decorated, and their new cottage was the perfect combination of “modern” and “lumberjack”. It had warm, brown wood and large glass windows, and a wrap-around porch. The windows were topped off with some nice white curtains and the two of them added a wooden porch swing. The appliances were modern steel, at Cas’ insistence, but most of the furniture fell somewhere between “Lumberjack” and “Rustic Chic”, at Dean’s insistence. All of the furniture was hand made and bought from small, artisanal businesses because if it wasn't, Cas would never have agreed to most of the furniture Dean picked out; meanwhile, all of the appliances were store-bought, because if they weren’t, Dean never would have agreed to most of the appliances Cas picked out. Was it a clash in aesthetics? Yes. But it was
Cas decided to even things up, by grabbing two more brushes, one thicker than Dean’s the other thinner, scooped up some bright yellow paint in all three brushes, leaving behind some green, and flung it at Dean.
“You’re better than that. You’re my Dean.” Cas whispers in his ear. “And one day, future generations will read about us, Dean and Cas, the greatest love story ever told.”
, and that was all that mattered. (Well, the price tag mattered too, as evidenced by the new species of mold in the bathroom.)
After several weeks of hard work, Cas as an angel with six badass black wings sprouting from his back was immortalized on the back of their bedroom door, in all of his naked glory (Dean’s especially proud of how
But the best part, in Dean’s own humble opinion, is the new routine their new place allowed them to have. Dean got to wake up to Cas clinging to him like an octopus, no longer sawing logs after a few doctors appointments, admiring the view of his boyfriend bathed in the golden morning light. He got to spend several minutes removing himself from his boyfriend’s strong grip, got to make coffee the way it was supposed to be made (black with two sugars, no cream) in their fancy coffee maker and a breakfast fit for kings on a stove that worked when it was supposed to while waiting for the love of his life to zombie walk his way into the kitchen and accept his morning cup of tea, only to grunt a mostly coherent thank you. Dean got to eat breakfast with Cas on the porch swing, watching the sunrise over the trees, usually in silence, when the weather permitted and he got to eat breakfast with Cas in their breakfast nook, watching the sunrise over the trees through the windows, usually in silence, when the weather didn’t permit. Dean got to send Cas off to his job as an environmental engineer with a special homemade lunch, a handwritten note, and a big smooch after Cas took twenty minutes to get out of bed but only ten to get ready for work. Then Dean got to spend the day working on commissions and making art for fun in his half of the third bedroom that served as Cas’ office and Dean’s art studio. Additionally, Dean got to heat up and the previous night’s leftovers while he talked to Cas on his lunch break, made more art, and made them both a home-cooked meal for dinner. When Cas came home, Dean got to sit with him while they ate and talked about their day, either on the porch swing or in the breakfast nook. And when their bellies were full, Dean got to curl up with Cas, either on the couch or in their queen-sized bed, and watch tv until they fell asleep.
room without bumping into something, more than half of the burners on the stove didn’t work most of the time, the walls were beige and Dean’s pretty sure they used to be white, there was a stain of unknown origins on the ceiling of the living room, cracks in the bedroom window, several exposed outlets, and Dean was pretty sure there was a new species of mold growing in the bathroom, but it’s theirs and it’s
For Dean’s sake, Cas chooses to not bring up that Sam can cook, even if Dean doesn’t like the healthy food he makes, and so can Eileen, even if Dean refuses to let her (“she’s pregnant! She has more important things to worry about!”). “If you’re hungry, I have something you can eat.” Cas’ voice drops even lower, taking on a seductive timbre, and gives him a suggestive smile. He’d spent years trying to understand Dean’s innuendos, and he greatly enjoys being able to turn them against his boyfriend now.
One of the best parts about their new garden was when Dean got to accept Cas’ proposal in the middle of it.
“Here you go, ren,” Claire says, voice steady, eyes less red than before, and no longer embracing her earlier theatrics.
Castiel snaps himself out of his daze and shakes his head as if to clear it. In doing so, his eyes land on their still-clasped hands and Castiel lets go. “No — no. My apologies. I don’t seem to be myself at the moment,” he gives Dean what he hopes is an apologetic look.
He closed his eyes and envisioned the illusion he wanted to cast. It was a large undertaking, so he was gonna need some help.
Castiel stares, a bit wide-eyed. It isn’t until the man — Dean — raises an eyebrow and grins at him, in a way that suggests the man — Dean — knows the effect he has on Castiel, that they came down to Earth from the clouds. “One moment, please,” he mutters, focusing his attention on the laptop he scrambles to put back in it’s case, not trusting himself to not make a fool of himself in front of the attractive customer. Laptop safe in its case, Castiel faces Dean, all of their attention on the even-more-handsome-up-close man.
Castiel feels his cheeks grow impossibly warm. He faces Dean, ready to — apologize? “Ask him out”? Castiel never gets the chance to figure out what he was going to say because Dean beats him to it. “Yeah, Castiel,” Dean leans forward and gives him a flirty, lopsided grin, “Ask me out already.”
Castiel presses a kiss to her head before he speaks loud enough for Claire to hear but not so loud the nosy customers would know what he was talking about, “What are you going to do in regards to your friendship with Alex and her relationship with this Henry?”
Cas means to walk into the bunker’s kitchen but he pauses at the doorway. He smiles a big, soft smile as he folds his arms and leans against the doorway, taking in the scene before him.
“Well someone one has to cook and it as sure as hell ain’t gonna be the Green Giant — probably make us kale smoothies for breakfast or something.” Dean shudders in mock horror.
Claire leans forward and rests her crossed arms on the counter. “You know, Ren, just because you’re a professor doesn’t mean you have to teach me Churchill quotes.”
Claire expresses her dissatisfaction with a groan; nevertheless, she helps her friend. To anyone who doesn’t know her personally, Claire might seem selfish, but since Castiel is one of the very few people Claire opens up to, he knows that under her tough exterior is a kind young woman, as evidenced by her taking most of the ice cream containers from Annie’s clutch, putting them on the counter and helping the other young woman restock the ice cream.
The two sirens sang along to the song and the younger one seemed to let go of his fear and allowed Dean to put the candy in his bag.
it.” Castiel struggles a bit to swallow around a throat that has suddenly gone dry, as both he and Dean blush furiously. A beat passed before Dean redirects the conversation, “What about you? How’d you end up teachin’ WGSS?”
Castiel chuckles, “That she did. I’m quite proud but I can’t take any credit for that. Neither can Amelia. Claire has always been...
— wants everyone to call her by a new name, one she chose herself. Alex hates the name her birth mother gave her — too many bad memories associated with it — so her adoptive moms gave her permission to have it changed legally.
Dean resumes drying the dishes and Jack finishes clearing the table while Cas continues washing up the remaining dishes.
“And when the three of us do hang out, we can’t even do some of the things Alex and I always do together because —” Claire mocked Alex’s voice in a very exaggerated manner, “— ‘Henry doesn’t like vintage horror movies, Claire’ or ‘Henry doesn’t like making fun of male authors who don’t know how to write women even though he looks like he doesn’t know the difference between a mascara wand and a vibrator,
massaging his left hand, then their right, then his left again, as if being gentle with his hands will somehow combat his anger towards the middle-aged woman currently verbally harassing his daughter and their fierce desire to protect her.
“She’s not here,” Claire responds glaring at the woman, not bothering to disguise her contempt as her tone drips with venom.
"The spell will last until midnight," Cas told Dean as he picked his boyfriend up and began petting his sandy brown fur, the same color as Dean's hair. "That will leave plenty of time for everyone to get their candy." Dean began to purr in his arms as Cas walked into their garage. "Good boy, Dean."
Claire’s fake smile grows and she uses her “customer service voice” to explain, “This isn’t Mississippi or Texas. It’s Louisiana, where we don’t have milkshake machines in our Baskin Robbins.” Castiel can tell Claire did her best not to sound condescending, however, unluckily for all of them, she’s unsuccessful in her attempt. “However, we
“Yeah,” Dean’s smile lights up the room, and Castiel is overcome with how not only attractive but also how
Dean sighed, gently placing the paintbrush on the ground, got up and properly greeted Cas with a hug and kiss. Cas dropped his duffle bag (it was Dean’s, but he let Cas borrow it for the weekend) by their feet; both of Cas’ hands went to Dean’s waist and their “Welcome Home!” kiss quickly evolved into a “Welcome Home!” make-out session, which ended much too quickly for Dean’s liking, so no one could blame him for chasing after Cas’ lips when the latter pulled away.
money in the tip jar before finally putting his wallet away; he pays the applauding customers no mind. He turns to his daughter and begins talking to her.
Dean was convinced the apartment won the Guinness World Record for World’s Tiniest and Crappiest Apartment, but Cas chastised him and called it “charming” (pfffft, whatever
Cas makes the mistake of quickly glancing at the pallet overflowing with emerald green paint, and after years of friendship with Cas, Dean’s proud to know what that face means.
Cas’ scowl does not have the intended effect: reminding Miracle he has his own bed sitting a couple feet away.
“So did you find the toothbrushes?” Eileen grins, several stuffed animals in hand ― or arms, Cas should say, seeing as she’s holding enough stuffed animals to cover every square inch of the bed she and Sam share.
find it as adorable as they did. He also should not find Dean’s pouty lips as distracting nor enticing as he does. “
The middle-aged woman pauses long enough to give the man a glance before continuing to demand Claire call the manager.
Dean looks at Castiel expectantly. Castiel frowns lightly until he belatedly remembers Dean introduced himself and is likely waiting for Castiel to introduce himself. “Castiel,” he blurts out, a bit wide-eyed in delayed understanding. “My name — it’s — it’s Castiel.” He holds out his hand for Dean to shake and tries his best not to berate themself for their unusual lack of eloquence.
That night, when Cas came home, he did so to find not one but two surprises: his package containing several bee knockers and one confused and slightly irritated boyfriend.
From the corner of his eye, he saw a flash of bright green light. The light disappeared and turned into heavy footsteps which got closer.
The other best part was when Dean and Cas got to declare their love for one another in their new garden, in front of loved ones.
“Yeah, it was awesome,” Dean explains, elbow resting on the table, “Those were some of my favorite classes. And some of the psych classes, too.” Dean pauses before adding, “Let me tell ya, there’s nothing like figuring out your sexuality in the middle of class,” Dean stares into space with a smile on his face, as if recalling happy memories.
Castiel listens intently, the applause dying down in the background, because while the man helped deescalate the situation, who knows what his intentions are; after all, his kindness could be a ruse to get close to Claire.
Cas breaks away first to find Sam and Eileen standing behind Dean. Sam looks equal parts grossed out and happy while Eileen smiles knowingly.
Claire rolls her eyes once more, only this time it’s aimed at both Castiel and Annie. Castiel notices Annie’s struggle and gives their daughter a significant look. “Claire.”
“Dean,” when blue meets green, Castiel almost forgets the rest of his sentence. Almost. “Will you allow me the pleasure of taking you out for dinner?”
, Dean admits, that for once, he may have, kinda, sorta, possibly gone too far. But in his defense, Cas was upset.
“Yeah,” Dean speaks when he’s finally able to, “I can see how coming out as gay can be —” Dean broke out into more laughter “— can be a bit of — of a turn off.” Dean went so far as to wipe tears out of his eyes. He lets out an exhale. “
into you —” Castiel is fortunate enough to catch Dean blushing from the corner of their eyes “— he stood up for your only kid, and I like him. Ask him out already, Sarah Paulson waits for no one,” Claire states, arms crossed as she impatiently taps a foot on the ground.
Strong arms snaked around his waist as his boyfriend rested his head on Cas' shoulder. "Don't mock me, Dean, I want this to be perfect."
Dean gives a laugh that seems to resonate from his stomach and Castiel stares at him, with a small smile that makes him momentarily glad Claire isn’t here since she’d call him a “sap”. “Yeah, no, that’s exactly what happened.”
Cas smirked. “Says the one who left me in our once-warm bed to cook.” he teased, his voice deeper than usual from having just woken up.
Castiel hums neutrally, “How did you end up in that field?” he tilts his head. “I’m sure you didn’t wake up one day in high school and decide you wanted to be a sex therapist,” the corner of his lip curls, “Or did you?”
Cas watches as several emotions flit across Dean’s face, too fast for Cas to recognize much less name them. In the time it takes Dean to think about what Cas is saying, Miracle walks into their room and Cas closes the door behind him. The large dog jumps on their bed and settles himself down on the foot of it.
It’s her eyes that give it away. Claire has always been adept at hiding her true feelings, in a way that many people envy. She could mimic the facial expressions and body language of someone more emotionally put together, like the best of them. Castiel considers themself fortunate enough to be one of the few people who knows her eyes are always more honest than they have any right to be. Right now, looking in his daughter’s eyes, Castiel sees mirth and knows she’s teasing. He’s never been the best at reading people, but they’re very fortunate that Claire allows him to read her.
; Dean is so pleased with himself that Castiel can’t help but feel proud of him, too, especially when Dean smiles at him like
(best part is: no mold!) and it even housed a guest bedroom and bathroom in addition to the master bedroom.
Dean gives him a lopsided smile and shakes his hand; Castiel no longer has to berate himself for his unusual lack of eloquence since
Soon thereafter he felt Dean's presence at his feet, leaning against his leg. That would do. He opened his eyes as they glowed and his magic thrummed in his veins, clearly enunciating the Latin words of the spell, drawing magic from Dean at his ankles.
Laptop case in hand, Castiel opens the glass door and speedwalks into the local Baskin Robbins. The ice cream shop greets him with a blast of ice cold air as they step inside seeking reprieve from the unforgiving July heat. He’s too busy walking up to the display of ice cream to really register the chime of the bell above the door, but it diligently alerts the shop’s patrons of their presence.
“What’s for breakfast?” Jack mumbles, rubbing sleep out of his eyes in a way that’s very toddler-like.
He opens his eyes and looks at Claire, taking in the sight of her folded arms, the tension in her shoulders, and the absolute seething hatred for the woman standing before her in her eyes. He locks eyes on the middle-aged woman still screaming at Claire. He gets up, preparing themself to separate a fight if need be, and —
“Anyways, why’d you buy so many diapers?” Sam asks, staring at the box in the shopping cart, confused by it.
Dean looks at Castiel like he’s the only person in the building worth looking at and Castiel can’t help but soak up the attention like a greedy little sponge. Dean clears his throat. “So, uh, what are your pronouns? I’m sorry, I should have asked earlier.”
She stops short, taking in the sight of Dean and Castiel leaning towards one another on their phones and Claire shooting them glares of impatience. “What did I miss?”
Their shared look of longing is once interrupted by Claire. “For fuck’s sake —” Claire throws her arms up in exasperation “— just ask him out already!”
, Dean.”) and they compromised by painting the roses every colour of the rainbow because “now it’s romantic
Castiel smiles shyly, “I suppose when you put it like that, it sounds rather silly.” Castiel looks down at their hands as they nervously smooth down their trench coat.
Dean turns to face her. He frowns at the number of stuffed toys in her arms. “Yeah. Did you buy a stuffed zoo while we were gone?”
A glob of purple paint from Cas’ hair fell on his nose and Dean tried his damned hardest not to laugh when Cas went cross-eyed trying to look at it. Cas wiped some of it off with the back of his hand and stared at Dean.
It went well! At least, at first; and that’s only because Dean did all the painting and Cas did all the watching. But after ten minutes of Cas’ frowned stare, Dean got tired of it and
Dean nailed Cas’ hair with a thick glob of pastel purple paint before Cas swiped at Dean’s arm, leaving a short, uneven line of paint.
Dean hopped off of Cas' lap and onto the table and grabbed some candy in his mouth before jumping off the table and delivering it to the siren in question. The little siren and his older brother watched as Dean walked up to them. The little boy seemed apprehensive and Cas felt bad. Perhaps he had gone too far with the scary decorations? He wanted to make the little siren feel better and remembered sirens loved music.
Dean’s eyes widened with hope before he carefully schools his features into something a bit more apologetic. “I’m sorry.”
Cas took his time formulating his thoughts as Dean waited patiently, arranging the pillows. “I’ve been thinking and…” Cas hesitated, glancing at Dean, not sure how his boyfriend would take it, but wanting to know what he thinks. “I believe we’re star-crossed lovers.”
“What shall I get for you, my liege?” she asks Castiel as they set his laptop case on the cold metal table.
Castiel finds themself frozen, halfway out of his seat for the second time in an hour, only this time, it’s in awe.
“That’s much better,” Castiel responds with a smile as he grabs his laptop case and sits down; Claire pushes the chair in.
there. It’s like — it’s like he can’t take a shit if he isn’t with her!” Claire exclaims in frustration.
trying to find a job in his field that pays well and isn’t too far) and Cas’ childhood garden died because Cas wouldn’t care for it (that
With about as much subtly as a jackhammer, the attractive man in the kilt makes a show of taking out his wallet — his very
,’” and with every word she speaks she grinds the cleaning cloth further into the metal counter until she throws it down in a frustrated grunt and slams the spray bottle on the counter so hard it rattles and falls over. She crosses her arms and pouts; from where he stands, he can see her watery eyes even though she hides them behind a few loose strands of blonde hair.
There are several flavors to choose from: from the classic Vanilla, to more unique flavors, such as Cherry Coke; Castiel makes a subtle face of displeasure at that. Their choices are limited, somewhat, by the fact that a couple of the flavors have run out or are close to running out. Still, Castiel carefully considers his options, their synapses firing on all heat-baked cylinders, outweighing the pros and cons of each flavor combination when he finally makes his decision. He’ll have a —
Claire’s confusion melts into understanding. She grabs a rag and bottle of cleaner from behind the counter, which tells Castiel everything he needs to know, since Claire only voluntarily cleans when she’s stressed. “Well, her ‘break’ —” Claire drops the cleaning rag on the counter and gives a brief one-handed finger quote, “— usually means she’s going to hang out with her
Cas puts the box containing a strange-looking electric toothbrush back on the shelf. He shudders at the memories of what Naomi put him through just as Dean walks up to him.
Then, “I don’t know,” she confesses, spraying and wiping down the same area of the counter. “He’s just —
The man clears his throat, this time with more emphasis. Both Claire and the rude customer turn to face the man as he puts another couple of bills in the tip jar.
Once the lavenders and cornflowers were added to Cas’ enchanted garden, the forget-me-nots were painted on the walls; these took a while to paint because Dean insisted on mixing every possible shade of blue and purple to get them
The second he agreed to the bee knocker, Cas gave him that gummy smile of his (Dean most certainly did not melt on the inside, thank you very much) and ordered the bee knocker on the spot.
Of course, that was easier said than done, especially when they had no yard, front nor back, and they couldn’t have house plants partially due to Dean’s allergies but mostly due to lack of houseplant funds. So, naturally,
“Are you kidding me? That’s awesome,” Dean replies, putting one hand over both of Castiel’s, who stops fidgeting. Dean’s hand feels warm and calloused, just as Castiel suspected, as he wraps both hands around Dean’s. “Did you win the argument?”
No matter how much he denies it, he really is to blame. It started out small, then Dean took it too far, as he does with most things (Sam
When other people, namely his ex-wife, daughter, and older brother, tell him to cut it out, Castiel they always describe his staring as “creepy” and “uncomfortable”; but this, looking into Dean’s eyes, it’s neither “creepy” nor “uncomfortable”. It feels — for lack of a better term —
The man pauses before saying, "Yeah, I get it, I used to fix cars for a living. Before that, I was a waiter at a fancy restaurant. People can really suck.” The man’s tone carries the wistfulness of someone with personal experience.
“Women’s, Gender, and Sexualities Studies,” Castiel replies with a proud smile, “I’m a professor at the local university.”
Cas lets out a laugh and appeases Dean by letting him take control of their dancing, if it could even be called that, and shaking his own body back and forth a bit. Evidently appeased, Dean ceases singing and dancing in favor of bringing Cas close enough to rest his forehead on his boyfriend’s. “Mornin’, sunshine.” Dean speaks softly into the scarce space between them.
The moment ends — pops like a bubble — when Claire stacks up the empty ice cream containers with a clatter and holds them out to Alex. Alex nods in the direction of the back room, which must mean something to Claire because she replies with an “
“Her shift doesn’t end for —” Alex checks her watch “— another hour,” she confirms. “But you’re more than welcome to stay for a bit.”
“Star-crossed lovers. They’re a couple whose relationship, for one reason or another, is ‘doomed’.” Cas ends his sentence with air quotes.
And it was true, Cas’ eyes were watering and he looked at Dean with the most intense heart eyes Dean had ever seen. “Thank you, Dean.”
, you know?” she huffs, taking a temporary reprieve from wiping a hole in the counter. “She’s been dating him for like, a
It isn’t until a shadow passes, there one second, gone the next, over Dean’s features that Castiel is sure his chuckle was self-deprecating.
on the front door this time) and the bee knobs on the kitchen cabinets, as a surprise wedding gift for Cas. Cas, in turn, didn’t ask Dean to paint any more walls, ceilings. or headboards; instead, Cas used green and blue paint to abstractly represent his and Dean’s profound bond on a canvas, which they hung on the wall above their bed.
And on weekends, Dean got to watch Cas do yoga in front of their large living room windows, when he was supposed to be reading or mailing out commissioned art and stickers, which, more often than not, led to them fucking in front of their large living room windows. In the evenings, Dean got to watch Cas cultivate their new garden, watched as his boyfriend planted roses in every colour of the rainbow, lavenders, cornflowers, forget-me-nots, and apple blossoms, sunflowers, jasmines, daisies, petunias, and poinsettias, explaining the symbolism behind all of them. And when Cas wasn’t working on his garden, Dean got to sit in the grass with him, on a blanket, as Cas told him, the butterflies, the birds, and the bees stories about Cas’ childhood garden, which they already knew. A few years after moving in, Dean even got to watch Cas grow the beehives he always dreamed of and harvest the honey, which Dean used to make the
“Yeah, which is why we’ve got to start stock-piling these now.” Dean says as if it's the most obvious explanation in the world, smacking the box of diapers.
And it was at that moment that Dean decided if he couldn’t bring Cas to his garden, then he would just have to bring the garden to Cas.
Dean seems to find what he’s looking for if his resuming their conversation is any indication, “I’ll be sure to tell Sam that.” Dean grins and Castiel looks around the ice cream shop while shifting in his seat.
Castiel looks up to find the middle-aged woman staring Claire down with a piercing gaze that would make lesser people back down.
In the background, the familiar calm thrum that radiated through the bunker was now a shrill whistle, pitching itself higher, making Dean wince. His veins pumped cool, then icy.
Cas arrived at the warehouse just before dark. The room was huge with vaulted ceilings, lit with only a few fluorescent bulbs. It made the whole place look seedy. In the center, an old operating chair was plunked down, screwed to the cement.
Dean closed his eyes and breathed. When he looked again, the scene had coalesced more tangibly. The room almost looked normal. Visually, everything was concrete and all the elements were present: his dresser, the hard floors, the shelf behind his bed littered with scattered objects.
Dean sighed, raising his shoulders, and rolling his head. The gun he kept nestled in the waistband of his jeans dug into the small of his back. Drumming his fingers and toes in time, he started.
"Hey," Dean says. He's looking up at Cas from where he's being straddled by him. He's flushed pink, pupils dilated. "You OK?"
"Nothing," Cas rolls his neck, feeling a satisfying crack. He smiles. "Just that I love you deeply."
And that would be fine. It's a well-worn path at this point. Maybe it won't be as bad this time. He'll just be told to leave this room, but not the Bunker. They'll come back together, as they always do, and continue like nothing ever happened.
It almost sounds like dirty talk, but Cas says it with complete sincerity, so it's more like an innocent request coming from him. It's a wonder if Cas is fully aware of that. Dean follows through the request, and Cas settles between his legs, kneeling over him. Despite Castiel being entirely naked and Dean
The life he has had since just four, has made Dean hunger for touch. Castiel isn't blind to it, their first meeting resulted with a knife to the heart, much to his own amusement. But from his observations of Dean, reactions and musings and the likes, gentleness is few and far between. Humans express their love with how they want to be loved, and Cas has learnt from the time he has spent with Dean, that there's a lot of touch involved- arms around shoulders, pats on the back. This evolving into hugs, cradling his face and, of course, kissing. Cas really enjoys it, even if it would only happen when they were in a grave way. Now, happy and healing, it's as natural as breathing.
(He did think about Cas in that get up, whilst they were grinding like horny teenagers. Dean came a little earlier than intended. He could bring that up when they're back in the Bunker, like Cas would say no to it.)
"No! I do." Dean huffs, clearly trying to think through his thoughts. "I had this all planned out, in my head." He mutters under his breath. He looks back up to Cas, a careful gaze.
Cas mumbles something incoherent, clearly not going to last much longer. Usually, he has Dean work for it. Dean has his tongue back on his heated skin, sweeping over his nipple. Cas curses loud and desperate. Dean can feel the tremble of his body.
Dean drapes them over the back of his chair, that he hauls over to the bed. After pulling, his shoes off and bundling him up in the bed sheets, Cas is sound asleep. Dean settles in the chair and prepares to sit vigil next to Cas' sleeping form. He's terrible at the waiting game, but he can wait for Cas.
Dean blinks, he was expecting Cas to come soon, but not that soon. Judging by Cas' expression, he was a little caught off guard, too.
When Castiel is pulled up from a deep, dark sleep, he notices that he's warm. His eyes are closed, still. But the smells are familiar. They remind him of Dean.
"Hey, hey." Dean says, softly. Cradling Cas' face in his hands, he gently wipes under his eyes with his thumbs. Somehow, the gesture makes Cas cry more.
"Dean..." Cas whines, before leaning down to kiss Dean messily on the mouth. Dean welcomes him, easily. He can feel him tremble, as he clutches his hips. Dean slides a hand down to the back of Cas' thigh.
Honestly, considering his life, Dean probably needs therapy. Then his therapist would need a therapist, probably.
"Dean, we can pretend it didn't happen. It's OK, I'll be OK if we went to how it was before." Cas manages to keep his tone neutral. "I don't- don't need my feelings to be reciprocated. I simply enjoy spending time with you, as best friends."
Cas' tense shoulders loosen, a tiny shuddering breath escapes his mouth. Dean's seen Cas naked plenty of times now at this point. Castiel is pretty shameless, usually. He certainly gets a kick over making Dean flush red, but shies from affectionate attention. Dean smiles up at him, reassuringly, before he lowers his gaze to Cas' torso.
Dean reaches blindly behind to fumble around for his phone. He squints when it illuminates his face.
"I'm not... ashamed of what we're doing, or my body if that's what you're worried about." Dean says, because even though their communication skills are steadily improving, jumping to conclusions are still a bad habit to break.
"C'mere." He repeats, coaxing Cas' knee up onto the bed. Cas is compliant to Dean's handling, but when he has Dean's leg slotted between his own, he ruts gently against it. Eyes fluttering shut; little noises of pleasure that make Dean feel a little crazy.
Without thinking, Dean rushes forward and pulls Cas into his arms. He's briefly worried that maybe he shouldn't have done that- where does he stand with Cas anymore? - but then he feels Cas' arms weakly wrap around him.
Cas ruts almost lazily against Dean's hip, moaning quietly into Dean’s mouth. Dean reaches down to stroke him. Cas visibly shudders, so Dean suspects he isn't going to last long, either.
There's a great relief just from Cas removing his belt and hitching his jeans and pants down just enough for his cock to be out. Normally, Cas likes to tease, but this time he just runs his tongue along the length, before taking the majority of him into his mouth.
"I-I don't know what you see in me. What about me taught you how to love. You need- you need better standards, buddy." Dean laughs, almost. "But... but I'll give you everything. You can have it. You can have
"I've noticed your aversion to the mirror." Cas says. Currently, they're spooning, Dean wrapped up in Cas' arms. Cas' breath tickles Dean's neck. They're facing the wall.
He'd never been good at the waiting game. It might be at its absolute worst right now. Ever since Chuck had been dealt with and Jack now had God-powers- they've barely had time to process anything, holy shit- and he said, with semi-confidence, he should be able to pull Cas from the Empty. So, into the portal he created. Dean would've followed- he absolutely would've bulldozed down the Empty to hull Cas out- but the portal is nothing more than a thin slit, floating in the middle of the Bunker. Jack probably knew Dean would do something drastic.
. It never progresses. He threw them in the bag, just in case. He wants to wear them because he thinks he might look good and he's doing it for himself. But also, he wants to be fawned over.
Cas pulls back from where he was pressed up into Dean's chest, to get a good look at his face. Carefully, as to not disturb him too much, he traces his fingers over the lines on Dean's forehead, his cheeks, eyelids. There's a spread of warmth in Cas' chest. Dean's aged over the past twelve years that Cas has known him, but he's still a beautiful soul, in a beautiful body.
"No," he replies, tipping with another bill, "But that doesn’t mean I'm gonna stand here and let you disrespect this young lady who’s just tryin’ to do her job."
Dean wasn’t fast enough to duck and got pelted by a few globs of annoyingly cheery yellow paint on his hair, forehead, and cheek.
