With much reluctance, the DI tells him to come by the office at ten and he'll have something for him then. He still worries about the man, even now, year later, but he knows he can't reason with him.
The doctor snorted, and looked away, although he himself was actually quite excited. He didn't know what else he could say, but he was relieved. Say thing it was hard, but he was so glad he did. "Yeah, well... After a while, you get sick of bullshitting." He hesitated, then grabbed his coat off of the chair, and pulled it over his arms. "I've got to go before Mary gets there. Remember, twenty minutes, then follow me. And do
He remembers darkness, and a cold stone floor, but he does not remember sleep.
"Jim." Sebastian hissed.
Slowly, Jim's heart rate went down, and he began to relax.
"Sherlock?"
The DI looked confused. "What? She was picked up by ambulance over an hour ago." He replied.
"Bullshit." Sherlock spat back.
Retrouvailles (French):  The happiness of meeting again after a long time.
He had whispered to him after a rather grueling mission and an even bigger fight that, for the first time since he was a child, left Jim in tears at the utter fear that Seb would leave him. He had threatened him, called him awful things, threatened to replace him, told him he was disposable and that he would turn him into shoes, screaming until he was hoarse and red in the face. Finally, the persona crumbled, and he broke down into tears, begging the soldier not to leave, all while he continued to sob uncontrollably in the quiet room, losing every bit of strength he had. He remembered how Sebastian's rage filled eyes had softened almost instantly, and he gathered the smaller man in his arms, pressing their foreheads together, and speaking so softly, it was nearly impossible to hear him. The words still made his heart skip.
"So, what is this case you want me to look at?" John asked, looking up at the younger man.
The man's heart began to pound, and he placed the phone back on the table as he sank into the chair on the balcony. He felt tears pricking at his eyes, and he hunched over in the seat, fisting his hands in his hair.
"John, no, I... I can't just-" He tried, his voice trembling as he gripped his boyfriend's hand. "There has to be a way to get out out of here, I can't just... No, I won't just leave you here! I... I can't. I can't let you..." He couldn't even finish the sentence. He knew what leaving John meant.
"Oh, you know me so well."
It's nearly two before the man opens his eyes again, and the darkness of the flat confuses him, as it was only six o'clock when he first started. He resists the urge to call out to someone who he knows is no longer there, and eventually, with an exasperated sigh, he goes to put the kettle on the stove.
The ex-criminal glanced over at his husband, who was pouring Irene a glass of Barbera d'Asti, and smiled. "I am too."
The Ukrainian only smirked. "I left him a little present. His little burden, everything he worries about from day to day, I handed it to him on a silver platter."
"They did. But I sent them away, then tried to wake you up. I knew you were having a nightmare, and it wouldn't have ended well, had you awoken with a group of strangers in your face. The young nurse who always checks on you was the only one who took me seriously." His brother almost laughs.
He flinched.
Beautiful, brilliant, extraordinary.
The words played over and over and over in his head for almost two months, in John's voice, whenever he got anywhere close to forgetting that John was gone.
I love you all!
Sherlock let out a series of coughs, in an attempt to clear his throat. He knew he had to move quickly, because the building was on the brink of collapse. "John, stay where you are, I'm coming!" He shouted, trying to ease John's nerves, though his own anxiety was crawling under his skin.
John's heart skipped a beat and he reached out and snatched the phone away from his friend's hands, only to nearly fall to the ground at the sight of Sherlock's name on the caller ID. He quickly answered and pressed the phone to his ear, his heart already racing. "Sherlock!"
Sherlock smiled, and pressed a soft kiss to John's palm. "I suppose that is the best part."
He swallowed hard. "But... You were discharged."
Sebastian sent him a glare. "He'd have to get through me first." He short back.
Jim took a shaky breath, and angrily wiped the tears from his cheeks. "Magnussen is a leech, and he knows just how to get what he wants and destroy whoever makes him angry. He figured out the only way to destroy me was you, and I couldn't take that risk. Not with you." His voice trailed off, and he looked down to the floor. "You make me so
"Thank you." Sherlock took off his long, dark coat and threw it over the chair. He took a casual drink from his mug and set it back down, all traces of the initial discomfort he came in with subsiding. "Nice to see you."
The detective got to his feet, and followed the army doctor out to the balcony, stopping just short of the doors. He could see John leaning up against the railing, looking up at the stars. He didn't look angry, he didn't look happy, he wasn't being a soldier or a doctor, he was just
For once, Jim Moriarty was speechless. He didn't know what to say to the strange woman in his living room, nor what he should say to his boyfriend, who was still staring down at the woman with admiration, which felt like someone was striking him through the heart. He kept reminding himself that Sebastian loved him, that she was here to help them, and tried to ignore the jealousy. He got jealous too easily. "I'm uh... Thank you for coming."
A sugary sweet voice above the detective's head cooed. It sounded far away, like whoever it was across the room.
"Yes, actually."
"You know I would." Jim answered. He meant it. "I would give up everything I have, everything I've built, I would live some horribly domestic life, just to be with you, but there's nothing that I can do. There's no way out of this."
From the other side of John's hand, Sherlock mumbles something unintelligible, then pushes the hand away. "Then what is it, John? I'm losing my mind over here, so just please, tell me. Is it me?"
"I always bring my gun."
Sherlock pushed his way through the small crowds of police officers, and made his way back down toward the basement, his eyes immediately dropping to the pool of blood where Mary had been. He swallowed hard, shaking the sight of it out of his mind. He looked ahead, toward the second, larger pool of blood that belonged to Effie Taras, and almost felt unnerved by the sight of it. "Where are you, you stupid girl?" He whispered to himself.
John let out a laugh that sounded breathless and strangled, but it was pure. "I'm holding you to that."
"Yes, of course, I was with her when they took her away. I offered to go with her, but she told me she was fine, and to not worry about it."
The elder Holmes hesitated. "What do you expect to find?"
"Hey, Sherlock, I get off at six, I was wondering if you want to go get a drink with me. No graduated cylinders this time, though. Okay. Bye."
His flat is not too far away. It's not much, just a tiny thing with open windows and lots of light pouring in, something he vaguely remembers Greg or Molly telling him would be good for him, to have the sunlight in his house. (He doesn't feel like it's done him much good, but what does he know about the therapeutic properties of sunlight?) He retrieves his mail and kicks his shoes off the moment he goes inside, absentmindedly rummaging through the bills and whatnot before throwing them on the table where he can ignore them, and he goes to make himself a cup of tea. He puts the kettle on the stove, he takes an apple from the fridge and a knife from the drawer, and he leans back against his counter, and he waits.
"Look, it doesn't matter," Jim interjected. "I still don't think that either one of them would ever, in a million years, find this to be a good idea."
Sherlock rolled onto his back, just as John fired the gun and the bullet sailed past Jason Kelleher's right shoulder, startling the ex-soldier, and causing him to misfire the gun, and send his own bullet into the wooden boards in the wall. Sherlock, now on his back, drove both of his feet into the man's knees, sending him back onto the floor, giving Sherlock enough time to jump to his feet and join John a few feet away.
Effie threw her head back with playful laughter and shook her head. "Oh, Sherlock, I told you, Johnny is fine!" She looked up at the wall behind him where a clock sat on the stone. "By now... Oh, he's at Baker St. right now. He's probably found my little gift by now."
He wished he had paid more attention so that he could remember them. He never wanted to forget them, but, slowly, the memories were already beginning to fade, and there was nothing that frightened Sherlock more than that. That meant that the more memories that faded would become larger, and more important, and that meant that one day, he would even forget John.
"You've tanned." Sherlock told him one day when he saw his boyfriend, whose blonde hair was tousled and whose face was covered in dirt still from their day out.
He stares the man down, not even daring to blink. "Kill me." He orders.
He sighed. "Yeah, I know. Sorry. Look, I'm at Baker St., whenever you're done over there, call Mycroft."
The detective giggles as they climb out of bed. "Is that my name now? Pretty boy?"
"Stop playing with me! Tell me where John is!" He shouted.
Sherlock holds his breath, and tries to keep his heart rate down, but he knows that the sudden increase of his heart monitor has giving him away...
John laughed. "Is that what I'm doing?"
"But, why? You said you work for Mary, why would you do that?"
And as he floats through the calming waters, he dreams of home. He dreams of Baker Street, with the seventeen steps he walks up and down day after day, and the smiley on the wall. He dreams of bright mornings in the kitchen, and the sounds of rustling paper and laptop keys. He smells Mrs. Hudson's freshly baked biscuits downstairs, and he hears the crowded London streets outside He dreams of late nights on in the living room after cases while the adrenaline wears off. He misses Baker Street. But, 221B is a flat, and nothing more. Home, to him, is much more.
But, he didn't.
The letter dropped dropped from Sherlock's fingers onto the coffee table below, stealing the breath out of both men as they watched the heavy paper flutter away from them. It took them both a minute to recover from what they just read. After six months of waiting, they finally received word back from the strange girl they had all but presumed dead, but now that they had, they were unable to think.
But, then, he was suddenly wrapped up tightly in the warmth of John's arms, his head buried in the doctor's shoulder. Sherlock couldn't catch his breath. He never expected this. "You beautiful thing. You beautiful, beautiful man, I love you so much, I'm so sorry." John whispered in his ear.
Jim's mouth went dry. "Who?"
Effie smiled. "Nice of you to join the party, Dr. Watson." She called out smoothly, like she were greeting guests at a dinner party.
Suddenly, a small smirk etched its' way across his face, and he got to his feet, pulling his mobile phone out of his pocket. He quickly dialed a number, and stepped away.
When the cab stopped outside, he was suddenly met with unease, but he course feel the adrenaline coursing through his veins like an Arctic river, and the Sholto-voice in the back of his head kept telling him to run, but for once, he listened to the Sherlock-voice in his head that told him to come forward. For once, he decided to disobey his commanding officer. Quietly, very, very quietly, he opened the door of the warehouse, and stepped inside, following the sounds of Mary's raised voice.
Effie Taras said nothing, but her silence said enough.
For weeks, the letter went ignored.
They stayed like that, standing there in each other's arms until time slipped away, and after that, just as promised, John still stayed with him all night long. They ordered Angelo's, and broke out the scotch that John loved, and sat in their chairs while they talked, just like they had when they first became friends, At one point during the night, while the alcohol still buzzed through their systems, and they were too busy laughing to realize that the sun would be up in an hour, they looked at each other with a smile that said only one thing;
The Ukrainian shook her head. "No, you're right, I won't, but at least I repaid my debt. To myself, and Mr. Sebastian Moran."
"I wasn't going to take that risk!"
The Ukrainian nodded. "As am I. The man's brilliant, he'll find a way. So, Jim, you have to tell her that if she wants to stay alive and out of prison, she has to make sure he
Shaking his head, Sherlock took the letter over to John's chair and sat down in it (the first time he had done so in months), and with shaking hands, tore carefully at the flap. He thought about it, John writing this letter, gliding his tongue across the sticky glue, then hiding it until it was time to leave it for Sherlock to find. Had John spent nights thinking about what exactly he would say in the letter before actually writing it down? Or had he known exactly what he wanted to say? When had he even had time to write it? He made a mental note to ask, but quickly deleted it.
Sherlock nodded. "She was shot in the stomach, and there had only been one ambulance when we were there, they said they were sending another one." He explained, growing slightly more alarmed at the confused look on his brother's face.
John looks at him in desperation, like he knows exactly what Sherlock plans to say, but Sherlock ignores him.
"I missed you too."
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something, but his throat is so utterly dry that he can't even attempt to get the words out, and he lets loose a painful cough that sends sharp pain rocketing through his rib cage. He winces, and lays his head back against the pillow in attempt to get his breathing under control.
"Probably."
Once again, John was willing to die for him.
When he wakes again, he is alone, and he feels nothing but sand against his body.
John didn't seem ready to run. In fact, he stood a little straighter, and locked his jaw once again, keeping up his soldier appearance. "I care, Sherlock, because I'm your friend."
He nodded again. "She does now."
Greg sighed, and ran his hand through his hair exasperatedly. "So... If not her, who else could it be?"
John. No need to fret."
"Why?"
That was the first surprise.
John pulls away from him, his eyes rimmed with red, and he tries to glare, but it comes out half-arsed and looking silly, and Sherlock tries not to laugh. "You," He growls almost playfully. "Have a lot of explaining to do."
"Were you trying to die?"
John held his gave for a moment, then sighed, and stepped around his chair to sit down in front of the detective. He took Sherlock's hand between his own, and squeezed it lightly. "You forget, my love, that I know you better than anyone else on the face of the Earth. I know you're upset about something. Now, tell me. What's wrong?" He asked, his voice full of concern.
The phone call was brief.
She pulled the trigger.
Effie shrugged. "Why save me?" She asked rhetorically. "I meant nothing to you, but yet you saved me and took no credit. I know all about you, Mr. Holmes, what you did for John Watson a few years ago, what you've done for so many people, and it amazes me how you never take any credit. Mary shot you, killed you, yes, you woke up, you survived, but I also know that it took a lot for John to want to go back to her after you tried to convince him. It may be safe, but... Truth of the matter is, she's still after you, John's in danger, and I need to know if you're willing to help me to save him."
Sherlock sighed in relief. "You scared the hell out of me." He muttered. "Come on, John, we've got to get you out of here." He slipped his arms around John's middle, and began trying to pull him out from underneath the wreckage.
"By the way, John, when we get there,
"I'm fine, Mycroft, please, I don't want anymore." The detective almost begs. He really doesn't want the drugs, he needs to think. He needs to be awake.
"No, John, please, don't-" Sherlock tried to beg.
A laugh breaks from John's throat, and he leans up to kiss Sherlock again, fully, lovingly, and with as much passion as he can manage, and when Sherlock kisses him back, it's unlike any kiss he has ever shared with any man or woman in his entire life, and it's the only kiss he'll accept now. This beautiful, gorgeous man is the only one who could ever make him feel good with his sexuality, which is more he can say about anyone else, and this is the only thing he could ever want. He loves Sherlock Holmes with all of his heart, and he could never, ever love anyone else.
"Yeah, but sleep deprivation is a form of torture, and after all of that, I'm exhausted."
The tube is crowded for a Monday. John Watson sits with his back heavily anchored to the back of the bench as he stares down at one particular tile in the metal floor while quiet chatter hangs around his head like a cloudy daze and the rickety tube shakes from the years of wear and tear on the tracks. It doesn't seem like May. It's far too cold, which is why the clinic was so busy because everyone has the flu or a cold or allergies they don't know how to deal with due to the erratic weather, so he was busier than normal. Which was nice, because it gave him something to do, no matter how boring.
Sherlock tries to beg.
The gun in Effie's hand clattered to the ground as the woman fell back into the pavement, gasping for air. Sherlock ran to her, and dropped to his knees beside her, although he was unsure what to do. "Effie! Effie, stay awake, don't you dare fall asleep! Can you hear me, Effie?" He demanded, his hands scrambling all over her body, trying to get her vest off as blood began to pool all over the pavement.
"Serious about what?"
"Then what is it, John? Because this isn't how I pictured our first morning as a couple."
"I can't be that father, Greg." John replied bitterly. "I can't be
"Wasn't a hate crime." Sherlock's face twisted up with pride as it always did when things like this happened. He loved being the smartest one in the room. "Quite the opposite actually, the driver of the car was drunk, she wasn't paying attention and she hit the first girl. She realized what she had done, saw another girl who got hysterical, so the girl panics and hit her too. It was a simple case, like I said."
It's mid-day before they rose again, and that was perfectly okay with John.
The doctor didn't even attempt to hide the smile that broke across his face. "I'll be there as soon as I can."
Sherlock rolls his eyes, and Mycroft looks uncharacteristically amused.
The man smiles at him in a sickeningly sweet way, then kicks at the back of John's legs, sending the doctor to his knees, and Sherlock jumps forward to catch him, but the man points the gun at the back of John's head, and Sherlock stays.
John would be so angry.
Okay, so this chapter is set at around the same time that John and Sherlock first met, just so we're clear. Also, I have a MorMor fluff weakness, so I hope you guys enjoy this. ^^
He hears the door open again, and he feels an ice cold sense of dread fall over his body as he waits for the pain to come.
The elder Holmes was quiet for a moment, then he shook his head. "No, Sherlock, you didn't fail. You did exactly what you were supposed to do. Don't worry about the aftermath. My men will take care of the rest of it while you recover."
A small, sad smile twitched at the corner of his mouth. "You too."
He hears John's footsteps as he walks across the kitchen to stand in front of Sherlock, so close that he can smell the warm, spicy scent of John's cologne, and it makes him fall in love a little more, because for all his Mind Palace is good for, nothing compares to the real thing. "Sherlock." John utters, his voice low and quiet. And oh, God, he's missed that voice. He suddenly feels a warm pressure on his cheek, and it takes him a moment to realize that it's John's hand, and he squeezes his eyes tighter. "Sherlock," John says again. "Sherlock, look at me."
"Hmm." Sherlock pouted.
man I have ever met in my entire life." John answered, reaching up and running his fingers lovingly across the detective's cheek just like he always did when they would wake up tangled in the sheets together.
By popular demand, I brought back this story from its' metaphorical grave, so, here it is! I said there would be a sequel, so, here's your little sneak peak at it!!
John reached for her. "Effie, stop it, let me look at your wound. That's an
Mycroft, however, laughs at him. "Oh, little brother, in all of your years upon this Earth, have you ever been able to lie to me?"
As the doctor slipped slowly back into consciousness, he began to feel a bit more aware of his surroundings. The air around him was warm, and in the distance, he could hear a furnace blowing the heat through the vents. He could smell dust and the light aroma of chemicals. Cleaning supplies? No... No, it was something else. What was it? He knew that smell, he recognized it, he
"You're always sulking."
"You made that mistake, Mary, not me." She replied softly. "Put the gun on the floor, and step away."
Dana Carlisle came back alive, she would have the credentials of a Secret Service agent under Mycroft Holmes. She's not considered a threat, she's not considered a criminal, in fact, no one actually knows her past record. I had it wiped. If Lestrade were to look her up, he'd get nothing but an MI6 record, which is confidential. Only we know the truth. I thought of it as a way to say thank you for what she did for us."
"Night, love."
The 'hat photograph', as Sherlock had dubbed it, is taped to the refrigerator door where it sits day after day, every day, causing him to look into the vibrant green eyes of the detective every time he goes for a drink. He loves that photograph, though everyone else has a much different opinion. Everyone would tell him to take it down because it "wasn't good for recovery" (they always use that word, too, that bothers him a lot), and for a while, he considered taking it down, but there's something about it that manages to make him smile, even though it aches. It always aches.
John's heart dropped to his stomach. "Oh, yeah. Of course." He replied awkwardly. "I have work tomorrow anyway."
"Three lives, what do you-" Suddenly, it clicked. Sherlock's jaw dropped, his heart skipping, and he nodded.
"Perhaps a bit more than I should have, given the current circumstances." He replied, worrying his lip.
Swallowing hard, he looked down at the time in the bottom corner of his screen.
"So, let me get this straight," The Ukrainian said, just as the two criminals stopped talking. "You want me help you fake your death and get creepy-guy Magnussen off your back so that you two can run away and be Romeo and Juliet?"
"Love you, too."
The detective nodded. "I'm fine, are you?"
look in the fridge." Sherlock ordered as they walked.
but... He's going home. He's
You deserve so much better than all of the pain I have caused you."
There was a pause, then the woman cleared her throat. "I
"I can't do this a third time, Greg. I just can't." He rasped, his head dropping back to the ground. His shoulders shook as he let out a trembling breath. "First the fall, then he was shot... I can't do this again. I was so angry at him when he first came back, but I was so relieved and so happy to see him, it was impossible for me to stay angry at him for very long. Then she shot him, and..." John clinched his fists together at his sides. He could feel the tremor returning, and he tried his best to suppress it. "When I saw him on the floor, covered in blood, I thought that was it, I thought I had lost him again, I couldn't think, I could barely move, I was so scared, and then to find out that it had been
There was the light sound of scuffling in the background, as well as a few unintelligible voices. "What the
Dana shrugged. "Well, knowing Sherlock Holmes, he'll either die or he'll fake his death too."
The doctor threw the file in his hand on the table in front of his friend, not really caring that all of the paper inside it had gone all over the place. He'd care about messes once they found Sherlock. "For one, I know that my wife is a murderous animal, but I already knew that. Now she's trying to kill him again, only this time, she might actually fucking succeed." John shouted before turning around and punching the wall next to him hard enough to split the skin on two of his knuckles and dent the drywall.
"Tell him you love him." The Tall One growls, prodding John with the gun again, making Sherlock look back up.
He realizes, was what they had pumped him with earlier, when he was still sort of under. There's still a dull ache in his back from the whipping, but it's not nearly as bad as it was earlier either. His chest still feels a bit tight, most likely from the injury to his rib, and even under the white hospital gown, he knows he's positively covered in cuts and bruises and burns. Though, he certainly does feel much better. Groggy, but not immobile.
When the screen went black, Sherlock sighed, and fell back against the sofa. The flat seemed almost too quiet now that John's voice wasn't filling it. He missed him already.
bit frightened that Jim Moriarty is still alive and that he'll come after you once he realizes what you've done!"
The detective hung his head, still trying to even out his erratic breathing. Nothing she was saying made any sense, but for the moment he didn't care. "Where's John?" He choked out, his voice barely above a whisper.
Effie glanced up at the clock. "The police are outside, Mary. You've got nowhere to go."
"Sherlock! Sherlock, snap out of it! Where's John?" Greg demanded, shaking the detective's shoulders.
"Oh, what does it matter if you're older? What does it matter if you're old?"
The comment made Sherlock's heart skip. "So, you're coming home soon?"
The doctor laughed, and got to his feet, pulling Sherlock up with him before wrapping his arms around his almost too thin waist and capturing his lips. Sherlock's heart fluttered, and he help but smile, which of course, made John laugh even more, and it all went downhill from there with the two erupting into giggles while John pulled Sherlock down onto his lap on the other chair. With John's nose nuzzled in his neck, Sherlock finally began to relax. John was right.
Jim laughed. "Right, of course, because Sherlock Holmes is going to sit in the same room as me and eat dinner. He'd shoot me under the table before I got to dessert."
There was another pause, then came the doctor's favorite sound in the entire world. "John?"
A man of forty-one comes home from a short day at the clinic where he works and walks up the seventeen steps of 221B Baker St. after sending a brief greeting to his landlady. He opens the door and his eyes immediately drop to the floor where his husband, still in his pajamas and dressing gown, is lying on his side on the carpet, reading a large book on neurotoxins while their daughter sits against his stomach and chews absentmindedly on the ear of her stuffed lamb that she doesn't go anywhere without. The two men lock eyes, and they both smile.
"Good to see you awake." Came the voice again. "You're much too clever to die."
Sherlock didn't realize there were tears rolling down his face until one of the droplets fell down onto the page.
And John Watson and Sherlock Holmes love every minute of it.
The detective scoffed.
"I don't understand what you mean."
She was alive, or at least, he was sure she was.
"Yes, you can. Just do it."
leave. I don't care. And not just because of this, I'm just... I cannot be with Mary anymore." He replied.
Sebastian was tearing clothes out of the drawers and the closet, throwing them all in his duffle bag from Afghanistan, leaving things everywhere. He had his back to the door, but it was easy to see that his hands and arms were shaking terribly from the rage coursing through his body. "They've called me back." He said dryly.
"They're desperate. They want me back."
He bit at the inside of his mouth. He didn't actually trust her, but he would have to wait for Sherlock to tell him otherwise. "What should I do when I get there?" He asked carefully.
"Lestrade, you git."
Sherlock looks up and recognizes the intruder in his room as not being an intruder at all, and actually the nurse that always comes to check on him during the day. She has her arms raised in a defensive, yet calm position, and she's backed up quite a few feet from his bedside to give him space. She watches him cautiously, like she's waiting for him to speak.
"You're a liar."
Effie pursed her lips, and Sherlock could see her biting the inside of her mouth, obviously trying to keep an icy comment from slipping out. For the first time, Sherlock realized how physically intimidating she actually was. The woman herself was taller than he originally thought, above average height for a woman, as she was only a few inches shorter than Sherlock himself. The intensity of her blue eyes against the dark of her dyed, ink black hair was like something out of a film. She was obviously the type of woman that would interest Jim Moriarty, which was probably why he didn't have to look at her twice before making her one of his goons. The Ukrainian woman blinked twice, then gave him a strained crooked smile. "Have I never given you reason not to trust me?" She demanded jokingly.
He tries to focus in on the voice, but it's muffled against everything else. He feels something thick enter his veins, and suddenly the white room becomes blurred around the edges. In the back of his head, he knows what it is, but he can't-
John Watson has always been the person to believe that, no matter what happened, life always went on. Time passes, you get older, you grow tired, and eventually... You forget. You don't forget the person, but you forget the pain. After all, if you have to live with it every single day of your life, can you
"I really don't."
He ignored him. "Lestrade, you stay with Effie until the other ambulance arrives." He told the DI, who was still looking around in shock at what he was seeing.
John couldn't help but laugh at his star-struck sounding voice. "I love you, Sherlock. I'm coming to get you."
Neither man had anything more to say, so they stood on the balcony, their fingers intertwined, staring up at the stars as the day came to a close. Sherlock was at that moment, as happy as it was possible to be. It was amazing how they fell so nicely into the pattern, like they had always been together.
"John, I swear, what happened with Magnussen, it was just for a-"
The detective pursed his lips. "What do you mean, 'little gift'?" He asked her carefully. "It's not a bomb, you wouldn't have said he was safe if it were a bomb. It's not an assassin either, so what the are you talking about?"
The quiet is too much.
Blood began to appear on Mary's back where the bullets entered her body, and the gun fell from her hand just as she went limp right into John's arms. The soldier was gone, and now he was a doctor again, checking her pulse, keeping her upright, talking to her... But, he was talking to her like a patient.
"Do you think she's telling the truth about Moriarty?" The doctor asked a bit nervously. "I mean, the man is a psychopath, no doubt about it, I just can't see him getting married, having a house, having a
It doesn't feel like it was that long ago.
John's eyes flash to Sherlock's, and he doesn't miss the way John seems to be reassuring him, telling him it's okay, that he'll figure it out. Sherlock, on the other hand, can't stop but tell him how sorry he is, for endangering his life, for not coming back sooner... But he doesn't get the chance to say it out loud.
-Stevie
Effie nodded slowly. "Just like you betrayed your husband, and the man who called you his friend. Twice."
he stays with Mary is because she's pregnant. He's a good man, Sherlock, he wants to do right by his wife and be the father he should be, and Hell be damned of he lets himself be happy over his child, but if there was no child, he wouldn't be sticking around. I think that's enough motive to commit a murder, don't you think? You would cost her millions, she still thinks she's under Jim Moriarty's orders,
At first glance, the letter was nothing special. It was handwritten, as he had suspected, but it wasn't written on fancy parchment or in anything less than John's messy handwriting, which he had come to adore. Slowly, he opened up the folded letter, and began to read. "Sherlock," It began,
With every deep breath, his emotions seemed to float away in the crisp night air, and for a moment, Sherlock considered turning back.
A very satisfied, very happy smile spread across Sherlock's face. "Would you like to come on another case? Just for old time's sake?" He asked excitedly.
Downstairs, however, a child with a full head of blonde hair, naked and screaming with lungs powerful enough to shake the entire floor, lie flat on her back while doctors looked on. She didn't cry for long, she succumbed to sleep shortly after being cleaned and wrapped up in a blanket, but if there was one thing they could say about her, she was as healthy as any other baby, despite her troubling and tragic entrance to the world.
"Good fucking question." Suddenly there was a gun in his face, pointed right at the center of his forehead. His heart skipped again as the Ukrainian kept her haunting blue eyes fixed on him. He tried not to panic but his heart was beating
"I'll shoot him, Dr. Watson! If you take one more step, he dies!" His voice was deep and booming, like thunder, but, miraculously, John did not seem phased.
Without thanking her, Sherlock pushed away from the desk and turned to face a very bewildered John Watson. "I'm going back. I have to find Effie." He said through clinched teeth.
Married life.
He tries not to think about how much it's probably changed.
Sherlock silently hoped they won't too late.
So, I hope you enjoy, I love you all, and once again, I'm sorry it took so long.
Eventually, he shook his head. "I don't know." He breathed exasperatedly. "Maybe it's because she got the better of me. Since Magnussen, I've made it a priority to never let that happen, and yet, it was happening all under my nose. All of this, Moriarty, Mary, Magnussen, it was all practically all one large riddle that everyone was in on, and it took me until this letter to figure it out. I should have known. I should have..."
He half snapped, turning to face him.
"It doesn't matter how he found out, Sebastian, he knows, and if I don't do this, God knows what he'll do to you."
Simple, quiet, mundane.
"When we were working her case, she always addressed me as Dr. Watson, and Sherlock was always Mr. Holmes. But, look at the first note, 'Read it and weep, Johnny-boy', come on. My
Married life.
"I mean my debt to you." She finished, leaning forward and crossing her legs.
Sherlock only sat there in the chair, gazing up at the Ukrainian assassin. He could see a lot from just looking at her, but he didn't want to give her the satisfaction.
He knew what he
"Oh, look at you, panicking over your soldier."
"You're asking me?"
And John Watson, bless his soul, accepted it. "I'll tell you this, love isn't something you can just research, Sherlock, you just have to feel it. I know you can, you obviously do. It's confusing and overwhelming, but... It can be something beautiful. It can be hard, believe me, we've definitely gone through enough, and it isn't going to be easy in the beginning. It never is, for anyone. Then, one day, you're laying in bed on a lazy Sunday morning with the love of your life, and you realize everything is perfect for once. It's... Beautiful."
And of course, as always, if you have any comments or concerns, please let me know!
He couldn't argue with that either.
John made a noise that sounded so pained, it almost broke his heart. "I know. I know, Sherlock, I'm so sorry." He pressed a kiss to the top of his head that lingered for a moment, then he pulled away, and tightened his arms around Sherlock's shoulders. "I told you I'd come home, though."
Sherlock let out a breathy laugh. "I'm sorry I doubted you."
The detective bit down hard at the inside of his mouth. "You deserve so much better than this. Than
did he want to.
"Of course."
What in God's fucking name would that get you? No guilt in killing Sherlock for a second time? A few million dollars? No, no, no, wait, let me guess, you're in
John let out a laugh. "Simple to you."
Sherlock thought.
The assassin seemed appalled. "You betrayed me for some
Sherlock gave her a look. "Neither are-"
"If I'm really honest with myself, and I rarely am, I was never in love with Mary." He finally uttered in a low, nervous voice. He watched Greg's face change, and decided to go on. "Marrying her was my way of proving to myself that I could move on, but I realized too late that I would never move on from Sherlock, because you never really let go of the first person you ever loved more than the waking world. I couldn't just leave Mary, it wouldn't have been right by her, but now, I wish I had. Had I known, I would have told him years ago. Had I known, I would have made sure he never threw himself off of that damn building. Had I known, I would have never married her. But, I didn't know. I realized too late that I loved him." John looked up at Greg, whose eyes were now glistening with tears. "Everyone else knew it though. Everyone knew it but me. But, I'm not waiting anymore. When we find him, I'm going to tell him everything. I don't care what happens." He finished softly, looking back at the ground.
John made a noise of confirmation.
With that, he folded the letter back up, and slid it into the drawer of the side table, where he knew it was safe. After that, Sherlock smiled, and walked back to join his partner and his baby girl, still smiling for no reason at all.
The Ukrainian seemed unaffected by the rudeness, but Sebastian gave him a glare. "Jim, this is Dana Carlisle, professionally known as Effie Taras. She's the best damn sniper I know, besides myself, and the best agent. 'Course she's not an agent anymore, but she's still damn good." He said, admiring the pretty Ukrainian.
Jim nodded. "Wonderful. I'll get the table ready." He said, walking away. "Also, Adalina said she was going to check up on us later because I came home with four bottles of wine and she wants to make sure we're being responsible."
The doctor shook his head. "I know, Sherlock. I know." He answered quietly.
Sally, obviously choosing not to argue, backed away with her eyes wide.
"You want to go for a drink with me?"
Grateful for the change of topic, John nodded and picked up the file again, examining the purple, handwritten note. "It's no one that I know. I know that much." He replied, hating that it was so unhelpful.
The night after their first time, John can hardly believe that it happened. He spends the entire night after Sherlock has already fallen asleep staring up at the ceiling with a smile on his face as he traces patterns into Sherlock's skin.
"Yes, you are!"
"Hey. I got you a pint already."
"No." Effie shot back, sounding almost offended. "I'm not a monster, sweet pea. I'm just going to expose her to you and John for what she really is, she'll go to prison for the rest of her life, and you and John can live happily ever after, and I can sleep better every night because I know my debt is repaid."
Greg pursed his lips into a tight line. "I don't like this, John." He said seriously.
Emi waves him off. "Just get the world's greatest detective get home safely. I expect more blog posts as soon as you're healed."
Jim. I can't. I can't do this anymore." The soldier rasped, tears beginning to brim in his eyes. "I told you that you shouldn't have gotten involved with Sherlock Holmes and Magnussen, and now you're caught in it, and-"
"No one needs me."
Seb laughed, and pressed a soft kiss to his partner's forehead. "Only if you join me, kitten."
John smiled down at him, then pressed a kiss to the tip of his nose. "Come on, you. Your daughter needs you."
The detective narrows his eyes, like he's concentrating really hard on deducing every detail just from John's face, then pushes himself up on his elbows, and suddenly looks anxious. "Talk to me. What is it?"
"Who?"
John's calming voice tries to tell him.
John Watson threw the door open and gazed around the flat that he once called his own. The chair he had been strapped to, was still sitting in the middle of the floor, and he took the liberty of placing it back in the kitchen where he saw the cut twine and the scissors.
The Ukrainian turned her back to him. "I really should thank you, Sherlock. You did play into this whole plot quite nicely." She complimented him. "I'm so proud of you for convincing your little paramour to come along with you. I don't know how else I would have pulled it off." She turned around to face him, still smiling proudly and cradling the weapon in her hands. "I hear you're quite good at reading people." She said. "My employer says you can look at a person and tell everything about them," She snapped her fingers loudly so it echoed off of the stone walls. "Like that."
John clinched his fist tightly at his side. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Greg already speaking to Mycroft on the phone frantically, but he couldn't hear a word he was saying. He was tempted to snap. He was tempted to say 'fuck off' and demand that he speak to Sherlock, but, he didn't was to risk it. He wouldn't play with Sherlock's life. "I'm listening
"Abso-fucking-lutely. Put it on the website, it's official."
His brother smiles at him from his place in the chair. "Yes, Sherlock. It's over. As soon as you're well enough, you're going home."
"I will skin you alive and turn you into shoes if you
The man looked up at the sound of the gravely voice coming from the bedroom, the voice he was so in love with, even when it was heavy and rough from sleep. "Balcony." He called back.
Her vague answers were starting to get to him, and he gritted his teeth. "Why are you doing this? What do you want from me?"
He bit at the inside of his mouth. "So then, why not do it?"
"No, Mrs. Watson, you won't." Came a strong voice from behind her.
Sherlock wasn't sure.
"John!" Sherlock gripped his boyfriend's jacket, and pulled him backwards.
The intruder climbs up into his bed and straddles his hips, immediately taking the wind out of him, and his eyes fly open, right as the intruder covers his mouth with his hand, and removes the heart rate monitor from his finger to slide it on his own. The intruder is heavy, making it incredibly difficult to breathe and Sherlock's eyes flash wildly around in the darkness as he searches for a face, but he can't see a thing. He tries to call out for help, but his mouth is covered by the intruder's and it comes out muffled. He tries to fight him off, but, somehow, in his weak attempt, the assailant grabs hold of his hands, and slams them down behind his head. "You don't want to do that." The voice growls from above him.
"Oh, I'm sure she'll be thrilled."
"Get out." Sherlock stepped forward, and tried to push the doctor away, but not hard enough to make John stumble, instead, sending himself straight into his grip. John's hands curled around his wrists, and held him close enough to feel the heat of John's breath on his face. "Let go of me." He hissed.
Jim nuzzled his face into Sebastian's neck, his body relaxing significantly. "You need a shower." He teased, breathing in the scent of sex and cigarettes that had lingered on his skin.
John's breathing went silent. "How was it easier?" His voice was heavy and raspy, not angry like it was before.
"If you want." John replied with a shrug. "I don't really want to be anywhere else, especially not right now. Of course, if you don't mind having a baby around the flat."
Then, he smiled.
"Then, I want you to do something for me."
John passed a hand over his face. "Shit. Okay."
The two men shared a look as they rushed out of the noisy pub on the corner and began the walk back to 221B. John's heart was pounding in his chest. Although it was never said allowed, both men elected to not take a cab. They wanted to spend the most time they could together before John had to return to his wife. Although John lived with Mary in a flat across town, he would always, always consider 221B Baker St his home. He knew those creaky wooden floors like he knew medical procedures and he could easily walk them in the dark. He couldn't wait to be back.
Sherlock steps through the living room, and looks around. He takes in the messy coffee table that looks like it's filled with case notes still, after three years, and the two chairs that still sit in their spots, just as they're meant to be. The bookshelf is messy but organized, just as Sherlock left it. The smiley face on the wall is still bright yellow and covered in bullet holes, and it makes him smile. Nothing is different. Everything is the same. Sherlock hadn't expected it, though he isn't surprised. John would never change anything. Too many memories. Years ago, he would have turned up his nose, scoffed, and made fun of him for being sentimental, but not now. He loves it now. All of it. After all, how could he not?
Jim bristled, but Sebastian snickered. "Sounds dumb when you say it like that, doll, but, in retrospect, yes."
John hesitates as he ponders the question. He knows why, he's thought about it almost every day since he decided to stop dating men, but putting it into words for someone else,
Sherlock's heart suddenly dropped.
Sherlock's stomach growls, breaking the moment, and they pull away from each other. John looks up at him then nods his head toward the door. "Come on, pretty boy. Time for breakfast."
long, and I'm tired of having things go unspoken between us. I love you, and if that's the last thing I ever say on this planet, so be it."
"Oh, really? When?"
It took John a minute to remember that the detective's room had been absolutely trashed when he barged in there the first time. Although the rest of the house was occasionally trashed, Sherlock, with his impeccable hygiene, always kept his bedroom clean. John swore under his breath as he looked the destroyed room over. Had this happened before or after they were kidnapped? The doctor started picking up papers and anything else on the ground. The man had no intention of touching the experiments, but they were pretty much destroyed anyway. "Come on, John." He grumbled to himself as he got to his feet. "What are you missing? They brought you here for a reason. Why?"
John's face softens, and he reaches out, holding Sherlock's face in his hand while he strokes his thumb across his cheek, brushing away a tear. "God, I missed you." He whispers, pulling the detective in his arms again.
John remained absolutely stagnate for more than two minutes, not even allowing himself to breathe. He listened for breathing, creaking floorboards, light tapping, anything that would indicate the presence of another person in the room. Besides the occasional dull roar of a car rolling by or the sound of the furnace kicking on, there was nothing.
His mouth suddenly felt very dry as he tried to make sense of all of the details. "So... Let me get this straight. Moriarty tells Mary to kill me if I actually survived my fall, which I did, in exchange for millions of pounds and his silence about her, but she fell in love with John, and couldn't find is in her to kill me because of him, and now that Jim Moriarty is supposedly alive, she wants me dead for real so that she gets her money, and her life stays hidden and she doesn't end up in prison?"
of pain, and pushed his near frantic boyfriend off him with a pained look on his face. "Be careful, love. I'm covered in bruises, and have quite a few burns."
"Sherlock." John said gently. "Sherlock, look at me."
"John Hamish Watson, what the
Reluctantly, he looked up, and stared down into the beautiful cobalt colored eyes that he had fallen in love with so many years before, and where he expected to see falsity, he only saw truth. He saw truth, and years and years of pent up emotion. He saw the same love that he had for the army doctor who had saved his life all those years ago, and so many times after that. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, and it made his heart ache. It was also terrifying.
"Of course he does." That was a dumb question, Sherlock always kept his mobile on him.
But, the DI picked it up anyway, and immediately, his eyes went wide, and his head shot up. "It's him, John."
He silently thanked John for the letter. It made it easier to breathe. He may be without John for now, but for now, the letter is enough.
He's right, of course, the moment the doors are shut, he sees Mycroft hand the young nurse a card, and they exchange a few words then a handshake, and of course she said yes. Of course.
She whispered breathlessly.
Jim gritted his teeth. "I would hope you have some sort of plan, because if not, you're useless to me, and if you're lying, I'll have you shot." He practically sang, bringing back his psychopath persona.
Hi everyone! I am so sorry it's taken so long, but, I just got a new job, and I've been stressed to hell about work and school and money (because everything just HAS to cost money), so it's been difficult to update, but, I did post two new fics on top of this which were already pre-written, so I hope that's alright.
He fought for him.  All throughout his mission, he listened to John's voice in his mind, instructing him, calming him, telling him to come home, and by some miracle, it worked. He thought about cases together and tea in the morning, and maybe, someday, if he was lucky, maybe even casual touches here and there, and maybe, in the even further future, perhaps even kisses? The thought makes a smile pull at the corner of his mouth. He loves that idea. Kissing John Watson. He knows it'll take a long time, he has nearly three years of lost time to make up for, not to mention that John doesn't even know he's
going
Sherlock said nothing.
"Sherlock-"
"But... But your daughter..." The detective stuttered as he took another step back.
Sherlock still holds his breath.
"Maybe it's better if she doesn't come, after all, she's technically still a criminal."
The detective stares her down, then eventually nods. He wants to say thank you, but doesn't know how to make his mouth work, until something dawns on him, the use of his real name. Mycroft has him under William Hart in the hospital logs, which makes him disgusted, hearing his dreaded first name. He pulls back into the hospital bed, heart already beginning to pound. He stupidly reaches for the bedside table and grabs a needle off of the tray and points it at her. "How do you know me?" He demands.
Sherlock felt sick. When Mary shot him, the betrayal almost killed him. Then the fear afterwards in the hospital when she threatened him. Although he wasn't afraid for himself, he was afraid for John, but it still hurt. Everything he had done to keep John safe and happy and yet his wife turned out to be an assassin, and she shot him. Sherlock thought that they were past this, he thought it didn't matter anymore, but... Now, here he was. He felt dead all over again. He hung his head, trying to push the terrible, painful memories out of his head. "So, Mary hired you to kill me."
Finally, after nearly two hours of waiting, a doctor, a beautiful African woman with a baby of her own on the way (as Sherlock deduced) came out into the waiting room where the two men were sitting, and told them the news. John hardly flinched at the mention of his wife's death, not even when the doctor apologized to him, but it was clear to see the hurt in his eyes.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut. "I was dying anyway." He muttered angrily. "It was a suicide mission, John, I was dead already. I preferred to do it without whips to my back or a gunshot wound to the temple. I've already been through that once, and trust me, this way was much easier."
"What do you mean, 'a debt to pay'?" Sherlock questioned, eyeing the Ukrainian carefully.
Hello everyone! Thank you so much for all of the wonderful feedback on this fic, I'm so excited to be back, and I'm so happy you guys are enjoying this. I'm also sorry for the late update. I was hoping to update last night, but I got off of work REALLY late, and was feeling horribly uninspired and just plain exhausted, so I hope this makes up for it!
-Stevie
John looked up to meet his gaze, and when he saw the anger, he let go of his arms, and stepped back, only to stare at the floor. "You really don't know, do you?" He whispered to the floor, sounding winded.
Sebastian suddenly pulled away, and locked his eyes with Jim's, his expression remaining hard. "Is this really what you want? Do you really want to leave with me?"
"Sherlock, you need to stop that." John interrupted squeezing his hand tighter.
"Your silence is evidence enough."
Greg gave him a look. "I want you to say it."
Hello everyone! I'm sorry this chapter took so long to write up, I was visiting my fiancé who lives two hours away from me, and I wanted to spend time with him, since I don't see him often. I'm really sorry it took so long, and I really hope you guys understand.
John was just about to turn the detective's question around and ask him if he was alright, but there was a soft knock at the door that cut him off.
"Of course." Sherlock nodded briskly. "Thank you for inviting me out, John, it was nice to see you."
"Just a little wedding present." She said.
That earns a smile from Sherlock, and before John can react, his boyfriend (the word still sends a spark through his body) pulls him back down onto the bed, kicking sheets around, and making it known that he's not planning on letting John go.
"I think I will."
John grabbed his collar and pulled him down for a kiss. It wasn't like any other kiss of John's, which were always warm, like he was cherishing Sherlock's very being and which made the detective's fragile heart want to burst. This kiss wasn't like that. This was like a regret. This was like an apology. This was John saying 'I love you, and I'm so sorry, and I need you to do this for me.' This was John saying goodbye.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, lovely. I'm guessing you and him got together after he and Annalise got divorced."
The detective allowed himself to relax, knowing John was safe. He wanted to ask where he was, but he knew she wouldn't tell him.
His brother sighs, and taps his umbrella against the floor like it's a gavel. "Fine. I suppose it couldn't hurt. I'll have to contact Mrs. Hudson... That'll be interesting." He mumbles to himself. "But, you'll have to stay an extra day here."
"Then I fell."
He had missed John's time by nearly thirty minutes.
The doctor made a sound in his throat that sounded too much like a sob, then tightened his grip around the younger man's shoulders. "You're so beautiful, and so amazing, and I'm so sorry for what I've done to you. I promise, Sherlock, I promise that I will never let you feel that way ever again. I love you so much."
So, when the doctors released him, Greg took him to the airport where he sat on a private plane that belonged to Mycroft, utterly silent, and then stayed the entire drive back to Baker St. The DI drove them back to the flat, and the whole time, Greg Lestrade had his hand on Sherlock's arm, occasionally giving it a light squeeze whenever Sherlock jumped.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. "What are you talking about? Are you saying Jim Moriarty is
John swore under his breath. They took him.
John's eyes are blown wide with panic.
Seeing his brother's confusion, Mycroft nods. "The extent of your injuries were to great to be dealt with without the aid of a chemically induced coma. You woke up, once, and we thought you were fine, but then you... Panicked, I suppose, and they had to put you under again. I had been trying to get you to wake up before."
The noise that came from Sherlock was nothing less than a sob, and without so much as a passing thought, he all but threw his arms around John's shoulders and buried his face in his shoulder, listening John's soft, breathless laughter in his ear. "Of course you can come home, John, I'd love you to come home." He whispered.
"Good." The Ukrainian replied. "Did you get my little notes?"
Jim smiled, but it was strained. "It's not that simple, Seb. Not after everything I've done. Magnussen would never let us be."
"John! You're alive, thank God!" Sherlock gasped, flipping around and collapsing into his boyfriend's arms.
"Irrelevant. We're safe."
"My pleasure, Mr. Moriarty. Tell you what," She said, turning to Sebastian. "Bassy, you go make me a cup of coffee, and once that's done, we'll talk."
It should make him happy!
Sherlock couldn't speak. It was too much. He could only stand there and take in the feeling of John Watson's hands as they caressed the sharp angles of his face so gently that he felt his stomach tighten. It was too much.
When Seb returned, he had put on jeans, leaving his muscular chest bare (probably for Jim's benefit), and was carrying a cup of coffee. He plopped down into the opposite chair, taking a large gulp of his morning coffee before placing it down on the table, and studying his partner intently. He noticed the phone on the table, and his eyes hardened briefly. "It was
He thought back to every night in bed, every kiss, every morning when John would wake up before him and stroke at his skin, and brush his curls out of his face, then laugh quietly to himself because he couldn't remember ever being so happy. Sometimes, John would even tell him stories when he thought that Sherlock was asleep, though Sherlock never told him.
Which was a lie.
"Why does it matter to you?" The soldier snapped.
His heart leapt to his throat. "N-no, John, it wasn't you, you didn't know-"
Sebastian didn't stop. "Nope."
Mycroft makes a face. "Well... There was a lot of screaming. Then, once she calmed down and promised to keep quiet, she said she would have the place ready for you."
After dinner, the couple moves to the living room where they put on a movie they both enjoy, barely speaking, just lounging in each other's arms, then it's up to bed at a quarter to midnight. The woman takes off her day's make up and steps in the shower, while her husbands lays in bed, a mystery novel in his lap. The two talk to each other from the opposite rooms, and eventually, the wife comes out to join her husband in bed. The lights go out, they curl up beside one another, and they both try to sleep, since they both have work early the next morning.
A man of almost forty steps out of the cab, grabs his grocery bags and steps inside his flat by the street. It's his day off from the clinic, so he puts the food away, makes himself a cup of tea, then sits in front of the television and puts on a mind numbing show. He doesn't pay much attention, eventually getting up to do a little house work, which isn't anything he enjoys, but he deals.
He was going to have to die in order to save Sebastian.
"Well, I'm flattered, if you're curious. I've never been called pretty before."
"Yes." The detective replies without even thinking.
Sherlock swallowed back the venom in his throat. "Where is John? You say he's fine, but what do you mean? How is he safe?" He snapped, the pitch of his voice going higher as he started to get nervous.
"Not a fucking clue. I'll call you if I find anything." And with that, the call was over.
"Fine." He said out loud, though he knew no one could hear him.
The man on the sofa sighed heavily. "Just take a step backwards for a minute, John," He tried. "What all do we know?"
"Pardon?"
And he hates every minute of it.
again, wasn't it?" He asked.
"Mycroft Holmes owed me a favor." John answered, his voice flat. "I informed him of everything on the way here, and he plans on putting you away for a long time. Several accounts of murder, attempted murder, kidnapping, conspiracy to murder, the lost goes on and on. He's putting you away where you belong. Just like he should have done when you shot his brother. You're not my wife anymore, Mary." The soldier paused, and swallowed hard. "And, I'll be taking the baby. You'll never see her."
John took a deep, unsteady breath. "Now... I
"Sorry." John finally said, not sounding very sorry at all. "I don't know why I did that."
He did, but he did not turn around. His face was already hot with embarrassment and anger, and he decided not to let John see that.
When they came up near Baker St., they stepped foot into an alley way as they often did back when they lived together. They walked briskly against the windy night as 221B came into their line of vision.
"Of course."
"Because after Sherlock saved her in the Middle East, she went gallivanting off to Paris or somewhere to misbehave. Besides, this isn't her handwriting. I know her handwriting. Also, everything is too informal."
"Yes, they do."
With a gasp, Sherlock's eyes snapped open. He was staring at a ceiling made of cement and covered in ridiculous amounts of piping. The space around him was dimly lit, the only light source being the small glass plates on the wall that made strange pools of deep orange on the filthy ground. It was very open, despite the low ceiling. It was a basement, perhaps central London, deep underground, possibly basement floor. He knew that even if he yelled out for help, there would be no one to hear him. It was abandoned, and he was stuck. The detective was strapped down to a metal chair on the ground by both his ankles and his wrists. Whoever it was made sure that he wasn't going anywhere.
But, only for a moment.
have to worry about that."
Mycroft narrows his eyes.
Mary whipped back around to face Effie, her eyes now brimming red with tears. "Effie, I don't understand. We were partners! We were friends! How could you-"
And then he sees the gun.
Effie shot her.
"Then, why are you sulking?"
"I'd like to see him try." The soldier scoffed.
"I was more referring to the fact that you make it so easy to forget that I'm forty two and still closeted."
The detective frowned and pulled his eyes away from his friend's face. "Oh." Was his only reply.
"Because of
"I came back. Effie Taras never showed up at the hospital."
"Sherlock..." John said softly, his voice breaking. "Sherlock, I need you. I do."
Sherlock was speechless.
they dumped your body. You walked five miles from where they left you, in the wrong direction, mind you. That's why it took us forever to find you."
Effie shook her head. "No. Well, technically yes, but not right now. He's dead. I work alone."
The Ukrainian laughed.
John let out an
Without even looking in John's eyes, Sherlock stood as quickly as he could, and began to storm toward his bedroom, away from the questions, away from the accusations, and most importantly, away from John. "I'm going to bed. Goodnight, John." He growled.
The detective looked away. "So, that's your plan."
The sound of John's voice behind him makes his blood run cold, and he freezes where he stands.
Sebastian gave him a cold, hard state that seemed to last for hours. It was easy to tell that he was upset, and that only made Jim feel worse. "Do you swear that that's as far as you'll let it go?"
He was almost disappointed that he didn't have anything more to say about it, but that was the only thing he could think of. Married life was good, despite what had happene, he was excited about the baby, but it was nothing compared to his old life. It was just a lot of the same patterns over and over. He wished he could express just how much he missed the cases.
After coming up short in the kitchen and dining room, he decided to check the detective's bedroom. He hadn't been in Sherlock's room for ages. It was possibly the cleanest part of the house, except for the occasional algae experiment or the smell of chemicals. Sometimes, having a chemist for a flatmate was a bit... Grueling, but he managed. Some nights he even missed it.
The grin got bigger. "Now you're gettin' it."
Sherlock continues to stare at him with anxious, wild eyes. Then, as he appears to take in John's words, he suddenly looks like he had just been slapped. "Did I do something wrong?" He asks, his voice quiet and unsure.
"I love you."
After two long years, Sherlock is finally going home.
It wasn't until Sherlock made it home that he saw the letter.
The detective shakes his head. "No. I've been gone long enough. I just want to go home." He explains.
She was saving three lives.
"Is there any other way, daddio?" Came the reply. It was a woman's voice, much to Jim's surprise.
"And I love you too. And I don't plan on loving anyone else. So, if it's alright with you, I'd like to stay with you forever."
The words stuck him like a punch to the chest.
who shot him..." He shook his head, blinking away the sudden appearance of tears. "Now she's doing this again, and if she kills him, it'll be my fault, and I can't do it again, Greg, I can't. I love him too much to watch him..." His voice trailed off, and he almost had to reach out for the wall to keep himself from falling down, but he had more self control than that.
This is something totally new. Sherlock now knows
The doctor looks over at him, and takes in his hurt, anxious expression, which cuts deep in his chest. He never wanted Sherlock to second guess himself. "You're right." He says carefully. "I'm not gay, but I am bi. I've been with men and women all throughout my life, and I've never had any qualms about it."
The elder Holmes furrowed his eyebrows. "Sherlock, no one else was retrieved from that sight."
Sherlock knew it was a lie.
"Count yourself lucky, Tiger, I only buy coffee for you."
dead?" He demanded, his head swimming. All he could see in his mind was Jim's face on every screen, the words 'did you miss me' playing over and over and over... He shuddered.
"Drop your weapon, Mr. Kelleher, you've got nowhere to go." John shouted over to the criminal who was standing at the end of the hallway of the empty warehouse with a gun pointed directly at the detective on the ground.
Sherlock let loose a growling sigh. He understood everything now. "You weren't lying when you meant that you worked for Moriarty."
Upon arriving at his house, he told the cabbie to wait for him outside, and said he'd only be a minute. He stormed through the front door, startling Mary, who was still sitting up on the couch watching telly. She looked up at him in alarm as he stomped back to their room to grab his gun.
The Ukrainian nodded and took a sip of her wine. "I sent a long, long fucking letter to them the other day with no return address that explained everything. I'm still desperate for baby pictures, but I doubt I'll see the beautiful child until I go visit." She replied cheerfully.
"Sherlock!" His brother's voice comes through the haze. "Sherlock stop it, open your eyes!"
"I was under orders." Mary bit back icily. "I was under orders and you know what he would have done if I hadn't killed Sherlock."
gambled.
The word itself is nearly enough to stop his heart.
Effie nodded. "Of course, I changed my name, learned how to fight and became an assassin, but, yeah. I'm the little girl you saved the life of over twenty years ago." Her voice was quiet now, quieter than he had ever heard it before. When he looked at her now, he ignored the gun in her lap. She wasn't going to kill him.
John Watson didn't like to admit how much he actually missed Sherlock. It was something he preferred to keep to himself, just to save himself from feeling excessively sad or lonely or days that his blood would start to pump or his heart rate would accelerate whenever he heard about a police chase, or some sort of crime that had been committed. On those days, he would look back and wonder to himself 'I wonder if Sherlock's on a chase...' Then reality would snap back, and he would realize what he was doing. He missed the chases. He missed the adrenaline rushed. He missed the late nights they would spend together after cases, drinking, watching movies, eating Chinese... He missed the stupid experiments that would ruin tables and countertops, because they were all things that were beautifully and so wonderfully
he had smelled it before...
"Just over three years." Jim replied.
ex-wife." The soldier shot back, less angry than before. Less angry at him, at least.
John leaned back against the bar stool. Lying to Sherlock was more impossible than lying to Mary. "I miss it sometimes." After seeing the look on his best friend's face, he sighed. "Alright, alright, I miss it a lot."
For the next few minutes, Jim and Sebastian spent time going over every detail they could think of, although Seb was the one to do most of the talking for once. The woman called Dana hmm'd and nodded throughout the whole thing while she bit the end of her sunglasses. Jim felt more comfortable with her now, as his head was cleared enough to actually read her carefully. She and Sebastian's relationship, while horribly and irrevocably flirtatious, was nothing more than platonic, much to Jim's relief. The two overindulged in playful banter. Dana was an interesting character, but as the conversation went on, it was obvious to see that she was a great asset to have, and he could tell why Sebastian had called her in.
He's sleeping in his hospital bed, the heart monitor slow and steady, the room darkened, and everything is peaceful. He's not quite asleep yet, just hovering in that place between sleeping and being awake and he knows that he's alone. He hears a fan from somewhere not too far away, and allows the soft humming to lull him to sleep, choosing to focus on it instead of the monotone beeping from the heart monitor. From the other side of the bed, he hears the door of his room open, and his initial thought is
Nothing in the world prepared Sherlock for the sight he saw when he found John Watson at the hospital again.
Beautiful, brilliant, extraordinary.
The doctor sighed, and let a deep breath out from his nose. He looked around the living room that he had come to miss so much, and reminded himself why he was there.
The man pulls out his phone and texts the Detective Inspector who scolds him for waking him up at two in the morning. The man explains he's finished the case and needs another.
"What do you mean?"
and he had been just dying his hardest to move on from it. "I'm actually going out for a drink with Sherlock." He told her. "So, I'll be home late."
"But what it it was? What if we could take care of Annalise and Magnussen all in one go, and once it was all said and done, we could leave all of this behind and just be together? If it were that easy, would you do it?" He demanded.
He swallowed hard. "Yeah."
Not a single breath was heard.
Sherlock straightened himself up, and got to his feet to leave, but hesitated when his gaze dropped to the letter on the table. He picked it up once again and read it over, smiling down at the purple ink that stared back up at him. He wasn't exactly sure why he was smiling, but for whatever reason it was, he didn't question it. He thought about that mad woman who brought them together, and shook his head.
His eyes are heavy and tired, and they ache, whether from the tears from the night before, or from the lack of sleep, but they hurt. It hurts to open them. It hurts to do anything. His entire body is in agony, from the terrible pounding in his head, to the burning of his muscles, and the stinging in his back from where they whipped him.
"So, is it possible?" Jim demanded.
Irene, however, rolled her eyes, but it was quickly softened by the smile that was clear in her eyes. "Seriously though, darling, I would have been surprised if he didn't find some way to repay you after what you did, even if you didn't ask for it. You saved all of them."
"That's because he fancies you." He states without meaning to. His deductions have always been somewhat of a force of habit.
Alrighty, guys, now we're getting into the crazy twists and shit. I hope you like it! If you have any questions, please feel free to ask! (Although I probably won't answer if they contain spoilers!)
The doctor stripped his work shirt off and threw on a dark t-shirt and jumper before pulling on his old boots. "I don't know yet. We were walking home from the pub, and we got attacked in an alleyway. They knocked us unconscious, threw him in a van and took him. I woke up at Baker St.. I need to find him."
"No one could prevented this, Sherlock. We were both tricked." John suddenly looked very angry, and he clinched his fists tightly against the railing. "Mary, Annalise, whoever she was, she was always like that, and nothing would have changed that, not you, not me... I knew it was always going to hurt when she got what she got what she deserved, but..." He swallowed hard. "I didn't think that you'd be there with me when it happened. I thought you'd be done with me when I went back to her after what she did to you. I didn't think you'd be at my side anymore."
Sebastian, who was busy stirring the sauce he had made from scratch, laughed. "Not this time, kitten, sorry." He turned to beam at him in the doorway. "You got the wine?"
The plea came out a lot louder than Sherlock anticipated. He also didn't think his voice would break.
I love you all!
"I know." Sherlock whined. "But, God, couldn't she wake up when we're done?"
Sherlock suddenly pulled away just enough to look the doctor in the eye, though everything was blurry. "How are you not angry with me?"
"What do you mean?" He demanded. When she didn't respond, he looked her over carefully, unsure of what to do. The way she stood, the way she carried herself flawlessly across the floor, her sense of humor, everything she did reminded him of...
come in until I say so. If this Effie woman is telling the truth, this is dangerous, and your presence will get Sherlock killed if Mary knows you're there."
"Come here." Seb stuck his hand out to his partner, and pulled him gently to his feet to wrap his arms around his waist and crush the smaller man to his chest.
If it weren't for the angel faced detective sleeping on his chest, he wouldn't believe it even happened. It was so sudden, right after a particularly exciting case where they had returned to the flat, still high on adrenaline, and for no particular reason, other than that he really wanted to, John pulled the taller man down to his height and had kissed him with all of the fire that had been built up after all of the years they had known one another. And when he pulled away, he and Sherlock had stared at each other for a moment before bursting into a fit of giggles, and only taking the time to run up the seventeen steps of 221B before they were pushing each other back into Sherlock's room and collapsing backwards onto the sheets, and whispering
"Why would you need me?" The detective sneered.
"Thank you, Greg." Then, finally, the doctor stomped down the stairs of 221B and crawled into a cab, his mind on Sherlock the entire time. At one point, he ran his hand down over the waistband of his jeans, checking to make sure the gun was still there. He smiled to himself when he felt the familiar outline before taking out his phone and typed out a long, detailed message to Mycroft. Just in case.
Mary made a noise deep in her throat that sounded like a strangled sob, and she took a step forward, pointing her gun directly at Effie this time. "You can't clear your record, Effie." She snarled, her voice dripping poison. "You're as bad as me, you always will be."
From behind one of the large cement pillars ahead, a small figure stepped out to greet him. It was a woman, average in height, but strong and lithe. She was dressed in all black, her outfit identical to Mary's the night she put a bullet through his chest. She didn't have a hat on, nor was she wearing gloves, but everything else was identical. Her pixie cut hair was dyed black, but Sherlock could tell by the very slightly grown out roots that she was in fact a natural blonde. She was in her very early thirties at the latest, English, but there was a light trace of a Ukrainian accent in her voice, obviously she hadn't lived there in a long time. Her eyes were a crisp ice blue, typical for the dialect and country.
John blinked, then locked eyes with Sherlock. The detective's heart flew way up to his throat. Even after five years, John Watson still surprised him. "No, he won't." Sherlock stated cooly. "But, he'll make sure that you'll never walk the streets again."
"Fucking
She took a bullet to the stomach, then shot Mary in the back before she could shoot John.
"Lestrade, please, just stay with Effie."
The detective shook his head. "I'm not. He won't come after us anymore. Our family is safe, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, everyone is safe. That's enough for me."
His eyes swept over the floors, searching for the source of the voice. "I'm glad you think so!" He called in response, his voice echoing through the walls. "You've done a bang up job on my restraints. Is that why? Are you worried I'm clever enough to escape?"
He wasn't sure if it was the way the light was hitting John's face, or the way John's eyes were lit up as if it were Christmas, or just the way John was swaying back and forth, humming some tune he practically danced around the kitchen, but in that moment, Sherlock Holmes had never seen anything more beautiful in his life.
"Well, what about that dominatrix woman?"
Sherlock shrugged. "She told me before you showed up that she thought it was funny that Mary always seemed to fall for gay, blonde soldiers that were in love with dark haired geniuses." He answered, thinking back on that night. He shook his head at the memory, and sighed.
The woman known as Mary Morstan faltered, her gun lowering to her side, and just as another trail of tears trickled down her face, she placed her hand on her belly. "No, John. No, you won't be taking her. I won't let you." She whispered.
Sherlock made a noise of confirmation, then was silent. When he spoke again, his voice had dropped to a near whisper, and he sounded defeated. "John... It's Mary. Mary's the one who..."
you!" Mary shot back, her voice becoming higher and higher with hysteria. She was nearly on the verge of tears.
Sherlock resists the urge to stick his tongue out at him like a three year old. "Piss off." He grumbles instead, falling back on the pillows.
John sighed, and avoided his boyfriend's eyes. "I'm not sure."
The detective stopped in his tracks, and quickly ran back to flip the switch on the lamp. He was going to do it for John. Just in case he came home.
Maybe they think he's unconscious.
Sherlock called John back at five thirty. The doctor's heart let out a sigh of relief at the sight of his friend's name and he couldn't press the button fast enough. "Hey."
-Stevie
But he wouldn't.
He continued to look around, but with each passing second, the anxiety welled up from the pit of his stomach, and pulsed its' way through his blood stream. What if he was too late to save Sherlock? What if these monsters already killed him?
John Watson was an loyal man. He was a loyal soldier, a loyal friend, and if there was one person to trust with a life, it was him. He was was selfless, and caring, and passionate, and he loved Sherlock Holmes beyond a reasonable doubt. But, in that moment, Sherlock almost wished he didn't. His eyes had lost the icy coldness, and had become soft and kind, and when he took Sherlock's hand and pressed a kiss to the back of it, he smiled. It made Sherlock sick.
"Thank you, Mary." He replied. "Listen, Sherlock, I've got to go, my last appointment is here. I'll see you in about forty minutes?"
"Just fine. Mary and I are good, the baby's good, everything's good."
Sherlock crossed the room as slowly as he could and picked up the letter, turning it over and over in his hands. He didn't know what to expect from it, was it going to be funny? Was it going to be sad? Was it going to make him feel the gentle warmth in his heart again like he had felt when they first met? Or the butterflies that kept him up at three in the morning so he could text John 'just a little bit longer'? He wasn't sure exactly what to expect from a letter from his boyfriend overseas, but he knew that he was slightly afraid of it. He was afraid this letter would make him worse. It would make him feel more alone. The letter could do that.
"We're ready to go, sir." The medic on the ground with Mary told Sherlock.
Slowly, he reaches out and runs his fingers over the aging photograph, and sighs.
The DI hesitated. "And... What about now?"
"This isn't about
Suddenly, John's lips were against his own, rough and hungry and passionate, and utterly breathtaking. Everything John Watson seemed to have held back before was placed into that kiss, and the soft, but audible whimper of shock and bliss was nothing Sherlock could ever bring himself to be embarrassed about. He barely had time to catalog the taste and feeling of John's lips on his own before he registered that doctor's hands were cupping the sides of his face, cradling his head and Sherlock's own hands were gripping helplessly at his coat.
"She's got no reason to lie, John. Effie Taras is-or was-a lot of things, but a liar was no one of them. She never lied to us, not once. She may not have actually told the truth, but, she was never a liar. She's telling us the truth about Moriarty. He's done. It's over." Sherlock let the envelope drop down to the table on top of the letter, and walked over to his chair to sit down. He could feel John's eyes boring holes into the top of his head, but he refused to look up.
like that, Sherlock, people need you."
The doctor shrugged, although he knew that it wasn't seen. "I have no clue. It doesn't make sense to me either. I know I have to have missed something, there's something about this that I'm not seeing, I just don't know what. Sherlock would be useful right now, but he's..." His voice trailed off, and He looked down at the floor.
"It's not hard." He replied rather coldly.
John let out a cry of pain when the grating moved. "No! Sherlock, stop, don't move it." He ordered, his voice strained with pain.
The woman tapped something in at her computer, then pursed her lips. "I'm sorry, sir, there's no one here by that name." She replied.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, and waited for John to walk away. He knew it was coming, it was obvious. John would leave, now, he would leave and never come back.
It's a very simple case, double murder in a parking garage, man and a women, obviously committed by an ex-girlfriend out of jealously. And idiot could figure it out, but he still took the case. Helped with the boredom.
Sherlock smiled. He obviously missed hearing that. "Oh, you'll love it, John, there was a-"
A shot rang out through the alleyway and Greg Lestrade watched as the robber fell to the ground. He lowered his gun and let out a heavy sigh as he approached the now unconscious figure on the ground. There was a cut on his cheek from where he had been kicked, but he ignored it. Getting down into a crouch, he rolled the criminal over, and checked for weapons, which they had none of, as they had just dropped their gun a few feet away, and was careful to avoid the gunshot wound. Gently, he curled his fingers under the soft knit of the ski mask, and pulled it carefully off of the robber's face. He saw the familiar facial structure and features, and his heart skipped a beat. "Jesus Christ..." He whispered in shock.
The doctor hmm'd a reply, obviously not believing him. "Unlike you to forget things."
real!
He hears the metallic swing of the door as it's opened, and the first thing he feels is pulsing heat of the sunlight on his shoulders. It only lasts for a second, and then the rough hands that hold his body up tighten, and he's lifted out of the light, and thrown carelessly into the cold metal flooring of a van that smells like bleach.
"Greg, I don't know what the hell to do." John half growled, pacing back and forth in the small living room while the DI looked on from the couch. The doctor was angry. He was frustrated. He was completely at a loss as to what to do next.
Sherlock's been kidnapped?!" Mycroft demanded from the other end of the phone.
"I couldn't do it, John." The detective said, his voice cracking already. He had elected to never cry in front of John Watson, but he couldn't stop it now. He dropped his gaze to the floor, so that he couldn't see John's disappointment. "I couldn't leave you again, I couldn't. You were all I had, and then I left, and you had Mary, and I couldn't bear the thought of losing you again. After all of the hurt I caused you, and everything I put you through, I was going to have to leave the only thing that kept me alive behind again, with a wife and a baby, and I decided there was no point. I thought I'd be kind to myself for once. I would have rather died." His confession left him breathless and heartbroken, and so afraid to look up that he wished he was dead already, so that he wouldn't have to feel John's anger. "I'm so sorry, John, please... Please, whatever you do, please don't hate me, I'm so sorry."
The air in London was warm that night, unusually for that time of the spring, but it was sweet and warm, and the entire city was sleeping peacefully. Even the cars on the road at two in the morning were passive and considerate of those asleep in their beds while they hustled along. It was a gentle night in London.
It hadn't been there before, so it had to have been left before he and John went to the airport. It wasn't anything special, just a plain envelope placed up against Billy the Skull, like the skull was holding onto it for safe keeping. Sherlock crossed the room and took the letter from Billy, and almost laughed at the scrawled out message on the front in John's awful handwriting. It wasn't addressed to him, instead, it bore seven words that were just so utterly John it made him almost want to roll his eyes.
The man laughs, not lowering the gun. "I plan to." He sneers, his finger curling around the trigger. "But first, I want you to watch."
The question confused him, and he had to do a double take. "Yes. Yes, of course everything's alright. Why?" He asked.
Today was worse. They had taken turns whipping his already shredded back, and then, before he had even had time to recover from that, they were rubbing dirt in his fresh wounds. He never screamed, and that made them angry, so they had gone down their favorite route; beating. Every kick, every punch, every blow to his body feeling harder and much more painful than the last.
"But, I'll tell you this, I know that I'll have time to plan. I'll watch her for a while, we have quite the history, she and I, so there's no doubt in my mind that she'll call me to help her with the actual killing." The Ukrainian reassured them, giving them a smile.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock thought. Angrily, he pushed past Mycroft, John right on his heels as he went searching for someone who would know. He passed several rooms on the way, but not one of them contained the Ukrainian woman. He and John made their way down to the desk at the front of the wing, putting on a charming smile for help. "Hi, sorry to bother you," He said to the woman being the desk. "But, I was wondering if Effie Taras is out of surgery yet."
"Better." John pressed a quick kiss to his lips, and hurried off toward their bedroom to take care of their daughter.
It only took a minute before his partner finally gave in to the pleading, tear-filled obsidian eyes that he loved so much, and leaned down to capture his lips, holding him close to his body, like he were afraid to let go. Once they did, he buried his face in Jim's hair while the criminal nuzzled his nose into his neck. "You know... I'm kinda thinking Italy."
"You can tell, of course."
The army Doctor locked his jaw and straightened his back, then fixed his eyes back on the criminal, and took an alarming step forward.
The cold water feels like heaven on his bone dry throat. He can't remember the last time he had been allowed water. He sets the cup aside, and glances back over at his brother. "How long was I out?" He asks first.
Part of him never wants to find out.
"I'm counting on that."
The doctor looked briefly at the clock to check the time. "I get off in half an hour, and I thought, maybe, if you weren't busy, you'd want to meet up for a drink." He explained. "I mean, we haven't seen each other in a while, so I thought..."
Home to him is warm jumpers (that are frankly hideous sometimes), hot tea, and a blog that he's almost embarrassed to admit that he likes. Home to him is happiness and comfort in his own skin, knowing he doesn't have to be anything but himself. Home to him is less than six feet tall, and has a soft tenor voice that can calm hurricanes, should he feel the need. To him, John Watson is home. John Watson, who is so completely ordinary that he should be boring, but is so, so unbelievably not. Two long years have made him homesick.
He pushed the door opened, and stepped up beside the doctor, keeping a safe distance between them as to not bother him. John didn't move. "I... I figured that you would want to be alone, but I didn't think it was wise." The detective whispered.
Sherlock smiles, then bites at his lip, and his face falls into a soft look of sympathy, and his hand reaches up to brush at John's cheek. "Seriously, though, you don't actually think I care that you're older than me, do you?" He asks carefully.
Jim stayed in the car for longer than usual. The car was off, his keys were out of the ignition, but he couldn't move. He was angry. He was tired. He was in too deep, and he couldn't get out.
Without saying hello to Mrs. Hudson, he threw open the door of Baker Street and ran up to the seventeen steps to the flat that he and John shared. His laptop was on the sofa where he had left it this morning, but when he went to turn it on, he found it was dead. Cursing under his breath, he ran into their old bedroom and all but yanked the charger out of the wall, then rushed back to plug it in. The laptop, of course, was ridiculously slow turning on. With every passing second, Sherlock felt himself growing more and more anxious over how much time he had already lost with John.
The detective was at a loss for words. "Mary first, why Mary first, Effie?"
Greg looked over at him and have him a look. "Sherlock? What are you still doing here?" He asked.
The corner of John's mouth twitched up into a smile, but, as quickly as it came, it vanished, and he looked down at the city below. "That's honestly why I called you today. Christ, to think that was only a few hours ago, fucking
John shook his head. "I have absolutely no idea."
Sherlock blinks against the dim light, and lays his head back against the pillow with a grunt. He raises his arm, like he's reaching for John, or waving him back over. "Come back to bed, you were warm." He grumbles.
The smoke was thick, and the blaze was hot, but the detective crawled to his feet, and covered his mouth so that he wouldn't breathe in too much. "John!" He shouted, his voice already rough from the smoke.
Sebastian returned with her coffee after that (thankfully it wasn't it one of Jim's mugs), and held it down for her. She gave him a smile. "Bassy, you're a saint." She took a sip as the soldier walked around and sat down on the couch next to Jim. He took took the smaller man's hand in his own, squeezing it lightly. Dana said nothing, and put the mug down. "Okay, now. Debrief me. Tell me everything, leave no detail out, no matter how tiny."
John slid the phone back into his pocket, and looked back up at a very wide eyed, and very interested Greg Lestrade. "That was our mystery woman. I don't know who she is, but I'm not taking any chances with Sherlock's life, so, wait twenty minutes after I leave, then send police and an ambulance over to the basement of the old Cassidy Corporation warehouse." He ordered, slipping into his captain's voice.
You're keeping me in the dark again, and I love you, but, if this is going to work out, you can't do that. You have to tell me what's going on." His voice was gentle, not at all what Jim expected.
John's voice went back to being soft and husky like he knew that Sherlock always loved, and it made him look up.
"They took him." He growled. "They took Sherlock."
John sighed. "Okay, answer me this. What were you going to say? Right before you got on the plane, you said you had to tell me something, and then you made a joke, and left, but you and I both know that that wasn't it. So, tell me, what did you really want to tell me?"
in fact, and
Effie, who was still holding up her gun, smirked, her almost draconian blue eyes glinting mischievously. She was getting ready. She was enjoying this.
He thought desperately.
"Irrelevant." Jim interrupted. "Look, Seb, so far, all he wants me to do is look into him. Maybe throw out a few puzzles for him to keep him busy, just to see how he works. That's all. I might need you, your lovely ex-wife, and a few other snipers to help me scare him a bit, but it'll go no further than that."
"John!" Greg jumped up and grabbed the man's arm before he could punch the wall again. John turned and glared at his friend, but the hostility quickly left when he saw the serious look in his eyes. Greg pursed his lips, and released his grip on the doctor's arm. "Look, I know you're angry, but that's not going to help. We need to focus and find Sherlock, so, what else do we know?" He said sternly, keeping his tone level, as if not to sound like he was actually saying I'm scared too.
picture."
It's the same nightmare, he's sleeping, then The Tall One comes in and attacks him, kisses his cheek, chokes him... But, as the nights went on, the nightmares become more vivid, and more an more terrifying. The man becomes more brutal, choking him to death instead of stabbing him, or, he drags the knife along his skin, leaving tiny slices until he's bleeding all over the sheets, and The Tall One begins to mock him about crying. It's always scarier when the man morphs into someone else. Sometimes, when The Tall One leans down to whisper in his ear, his voice picks up a bone crushingly familiar Irish drawl, and when he looks up, Jim Moriarty has taken his place. It's always scarier when it's him. But, whether it's Moriarty, or The Tall One, he always says the same thing;
John reaches up and claps a hand over the detective's mouth to silence him. "Sherlock, hush. It's not like that at all."
John's eyes fall to the newspaper clipping held to his refrigerator by a magnet, and an involuntary smile lifts at the corners of his mouth. He knows he should hate that picture by now, but it always manages to crack a smile on his face, even though it still hurts.
"Effie, stay with me, okay?" He demanded again, shifting his position to get a better angle. Sherlock's mind was going a hundred miles an hour as he tried to keep Effie Taras awake, but also go through everything that had just happened.
After all, John Watson
Fuck Annalise Akridge. Fuck her and her stupid jealousy issues. This was all her fault.
He had to do it for John. He wasn't entirely trusting of Effie Taras just yet, although he had gone through ever fact about her in his head and found no reason not to. Sherlock wasn't used to betrayal, it wasn't his normal department. He didn't want to hurt John like that again, but was there really a choice? He hung his head and tried to keep the hurt from clouding his judgement yet. "You're not going to kill her... Are you?" He asked, his voice sounding pathetically weak.
"Jim?"
"I assure you, Dr. Watson, he's fine. I'm saying have one there for precautionary measures. Now, are we clear?"
-Stevie
A smile spread across Greg's face. "You told him you loved him." He commented, ignoring the statement.
He tried to ignore the crack in the doctor's voice.
Mary, who didn't seem to notice the change, glared murderously at the Ukrainian. "Not your call, Taras." She hissed, her grip on the gun tightening.
__________________
"Oh, please, Bassy, do let me have a little fun."
Sherlock ran forward, but was quickly grabbed by Greg, who was surprisingly strong, and held on tight, preventing him from running back into the burning building, no matter how much Sherlock screamed.
"Not even that, really, just..." John's voice trails off, and he sighs. "I'm old, Sherlock. That's the truth of it. I'm old, and getting older every day, and it's getting harder and harder to explain that I
Every night for the next week, he left the light on, just in case.
"Besides that."
Then, just as Greg tried to speak, the entire top floor of the building collapsed in on itself, and the remaining structure began to come down with it.
Simple, quiet, mundane.
Neither did Sherlock.
Everything went still.
She giggled.
"Sherlock." His brother warns him, his voice suddenly dangerously low and authoritative. "What is it?"
Jim nodded at her. "Three lives, Miss. Carlisle. The criminal in me is disgusted with you."
Sherlock was so deep in thought that he didn't hear the familiar heavy footsteps on the stairs, nor did he realize someone was there until the door was swinging open.
The detective limped forward, ignoring the throbbing pain in his ankle, searching through the wreckage for his boyfriend. "John?" He called again, already not liking this. "John, where are you?"
From the streets below, the entirety of the Metropolitan Police force was arriving on the scene, waiting to stop the robbery up on the top floor. Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade spoke quietly to his other officers, and told them to wait for his command. He looked up toward the top of the building where the alert had apparently come from, and took a deep breath. Just another night.
About 908 miles away from London, in the city of Verona, Italy, Jim Moriarty strutted down the gorgeous stone backstreets of the city, smiling cheerfully to himself as he went to meet his husband at home. In his hands, he was carrying two small paper bags that had bottles of wine in it that he and Sebastian both liked, as well as one that Dana Carlisle had quite an affinity for. It was dinner night. Irene Adler and Dana Carlisle had just come into town from Montpellier to have a double date with the husbands. Sebastian was cooking, of course, he always cooked. He was fabulous at it, and he actually had gone as far as to all but ban his husband from the kitchen all together, often sending him out to get wine while he cooked to keep him out. Jim actually didn't mind.
John seemed as equally confused. "What are you talking about? How is that possible?" He asked.
He had been working in the lab when he realized that the clock on the wall had stopped working, and was now rushing home to try to make his Skype call with John. His heart was pounding, and his converse were completely soaked through, but he couldn't be bothered with that. He needed to see John. His boyfriend hadn't made it home for Christmas, and their last Skype call had gotten cut short, and now he was running late... He felt like he hadn't talked to John in months. He had to hurry. He didn't want to check his phone, out of fear of seeing that he was too late.
The door opens, and nurse Emi in all her smiling glory comes striding into the hospital room, and waves his release papers around in the air. "You're a free man, Mr. Holmes!" She says cheerfully, handing the forms over to his brother. "And Mycroft, whenever you're ready, there's a car waiting to take you to the airport. Don't worry about the doctor, he's just cranky." She winks at Sherlock, who cracks a smile.
"Oh, thank god. I was starting to go nuts with all of this goddamned tea." The soldier grumbled, slipping back into the room.
She whispered humorously as he went lightheaded with relief. Effie stepped away from him and slid the gun into the back of her pants. "Sorry for the heart attack, baby boy, that was mean. But, I wasn't lying, killing you would be so pointless and boring, and not to mention how it would ruin my plans, and that you wouldn't get to hear the rest of this story. Trust me, it's a rollercoaster, but, very, very soon, you'll get the
He spoke through a locked jaw, trying
"Soon."
The detective felt winded, but in a way, it was good. This was new to him, without a doubt, and he knew that John was right, it
Sherlock tries to breathe. "Mycroft?" He whispers, his voice coming out weak and croaky like it had when he first woke up in the hospital almost two weeks prior.
He heard the basement door open, and immediately, there was a torrent of angry Russian from the very,
Everyone froze.
As he approaches the dark wooden door, he resists the urge to stroke the paint. He's missed that too. It takes him a minute to push the key in because his hands are shaking from a mixture of excitement and nerves, but at the sound of the lock turning and releasing, it all stops. He pushes the door open, and the familiar smells of the old wood and Mrs. Hudson's baking are in his nose already before he even has a chance to breathe correctly. The bottom floor of the flat is quiet. Mrs. Hudson must have left to give them time.
"I don't like it anymore than you do, Greg, but at this rate, I will do whatever it takes to keep him alive."
The tall one had hissed before spitting on him. He had felt the wetness of it hit him on the side of his neck, and he had wanted nothing more than to wipe the filth of it away, had he not been shackled to the wall. Then the tall one had said something about light, and walked out. His broken, pathetic mind could not be half bothered to translate the Russian, and then he was gone, and he was alone.
"Oh?" She sounded almost amused. "Well go on then, Mr. Holmes.
Emi nods. "Sure, if you're feeling up to it. I just have to clear it with the doctor, but he always listens to me."
Sherlock shook his head. "I can't."
Everything happened so quickly then, although it seemed to move in slow motion as it played out across Sherlock's line of vision. Suddenly, Mary's gun was raised, and she fired one shot directly into Effie Taras' stomach, then rounded the gun on John just as he began to run forward. Sherlock panicked, his mind going completely blank for the first time, and he screamed, just as three more gunshots rang out through the cold warehouse basement.
He becomes aware once again of the presence of another person in the room with him, and very slowly (as it's a bit painful to do so) turns his head to the right, and almost smiles at the sight of Mycroft sitting in the horrible metal chair beside his bed with his nose buried in a magazine. He looks disgusted and utterly bored out of his skull with what he's reading, and rightfully so, as Sherlock can't imagine why the press is so interested in celebrity affairs either.
It was an awful confession, but a confession all the same.
"I can do that."
Okay, we're back to the original story now! ^^ But, don't worry, we're not done yet!
He hesitated. He didn't want to tell her he was meeting with Sherlock, just in case she thought he was going to go back to the cases, but lying would do nothing. It was impossible to lie to Mary, and he promised he would always tell her the truth. All hatchets had been buried since
"How was it
The detective nodded. "More than good."
Sherlock's heart warmed. He loved when John said that.
"And... And the baby?" He choked out.
He reassured himself before nodding slowly. "I can have Mycroft find you a place to for the night, or for a while, if you'd like. I know you're going to want some time with the baby." Sherlock didn't exactly want John to go anywhere but Baker St., but he knew he couldn't ask that of him. It wasn't fair.
Sherlock does, opening his eyes, and locking his with John's. John's eyes are flickering back and forth, like he's memorizing every detail he can. John doesn't look angry. That's the most surprising thing. And just as Sherlock's about to say something, John takes a step back, and lets out a trembling breath. "You're alive." It isn't a question.
you!"
"What does he want now?"
Although it was bad to give into temptation, Sherlock was like a drug, and John Watson was an addict with no intention to stop.
He wonders when they're going to kill him.
John would be so angry if he left him. Again.
John had laughed and ran a hand through his hair. "Yeah, but the moment I get home, I'll be just as chalky white as the rest of London." He replied.
Sherlock squeezed at his hand. "I'm so sorry."
"Well, I knew he didn't read that silly flash drive she gave him, quite stupid if you ask me, he should have read it first, so I decided to give him the chance to read it."
A smile, a playful, blissful smile played at Sherlock's lips, and he dropped his head. "John?" He started to say. "Um... If you do move back to Baker St. with me... And if I'm good, of course, will you... Will you kiss me like that again?" He couldn't believe how pathetically nervous he sounded, like he was a dumb teenager with a crush.
He shakes his head. "No."
He felt his phone vibrate in his back pocket for the forth time in fifteen minutes. He pulled it out, seeing that he had nine missed calls and five voicemails from Mary. He promptly put it away. He didn't want to speak to her right now.
Sherlock beams at the endearment, and quickly does as he's told while John goes to answer the door. He knows he's smiling, he can feel the strain of his cheeks from the force of the grin plastered on his face, like he's been painted that way. He can't help it, though. Nor does he want to.
He doesn't dare move, out of hope that whoever it is will just go away.
But... Life goes on.
always be easy, especially right away, but as long as they were together for it, nothing could hurt them. Together, they were iron, they were steel, they were the strongest adhesive for a world falling apart at the seams... They were invincible.
"You should."
"You should sleep, brother." Mycroft says, pulling him out of his thoughts. "It's a long way back to London after all."
father. I want to be there, I want to make sure my kid knows that I love them to bits and would never do anything to hurt them. I could
Sherlock."
He hated listening to John's voice in his head, especially at a time like this, but he couldn't ignore it.
"I believe you." John replied quietly, but like steel. "However, if you lay a hand on him, I'll put a bullet in your brain before you get the chance to breathe. So, I would think twice about who you're threatening." Then, he took another step.
They stand like that for a while, standing in each other's arms, until a sharp knock at the door forcibly breaks them apart, and Sherlock grumbles at the loss. John chuckles and runs his thumb down his cheek once again. "Go put the kettle on, love, I bet it's Mrs. H wanting to know what all the noise is."
Then, from the room behind them, the baby cried out as she woke up from her afternoon nap.
Sherlock can only nod.
Suddenly, Effie stopped and her face became very serious. She bit at her lip before giving him a smile. This wasn't a smirk, not a joking, evil grin, it was soft and honest, and if he wasn't looking, he would have missed the sadness that flashed in her eyes. "Because... I have a debt to pay."
The surgery did not.
"Who the hell are you?" He demanded again, louder than before.
The first time he has a nightmare, he doesn't realize that that's what it is. It's so vivid, and so real, but so utterly ridiculous that it had no reason to be as terrifying as it it.
He shook his head, pushing the intrusive thoughts out. He couldn't panic now.
His brother gave him a strange look. "No, Sherlock, I'm talking about
Sherlock looked down at his feet. "I don't want to anywhere else." He whispered.
At that point in their relationship, John had learned not to question the silly little experiments his old flatmate used to perform on body parts he got from Molly. He was used to it.
"No, you stop it! You took enough drugs to overdose, and you did it before Moriarty, before you even stepped foot on that plane. Now tell me straight, were you trying to die?"
Finally, his laptop turned back on, and he went right for Skype, his heart already pounding in anticipation. All he wanted to do was see John.
There was a rumble of laughter from the kitchen in response, which made Jim smile. He would never admit to anyone else that he liked the occasional domesticity of his relationship with Sebastian Moran, but he did. His favorite sniper, and the only man-or woman for that matter-who had been able to cut through the angry, evil persona that James Moriarty had adapted in his career, and for the first time in his life, Jim let somebody in.
"You put a gun in my face and pretended to shoot me."
There was a pause in the conversation as the two men tried to scramble their minds for something to say. It had been hard in the beginning for the both of them, as it was now. John wanted to come back to it. He couldn't keep lying to himself, he hated this mundane life he was living. He missed the danger, he missed the adrenaline, but most of all, he missed Sherlock Holmes. He missed his best friend more than anything.
look."
His brother purses his lips, considering this.
John held his arms out as far as he could behind him, and very slowly got to his feet, removing them from the chair. He was free from it.
"Sherlock!" John gasped in relief, turning around to signal Greg that it was actually him. "Sherlock, are you okay?"
He's already died for John Watson once. He'd do it again in a heartbeat.
you find me?"
Sherlock knows he can't let that voice down.
His head felt heavy, and his mouth was dry. His throat was scratchy, like he had swallowed sandpaper. He could taste blood, and there was a spot on his tongue where he had bitten down on it that was pulsing from the pain.
Sherlock's hand froze on the End Call button, and he absolutely did not remember actually pressing it, but once the call was ended, she stood frozen, looking at John's name on the call log.
really
The detective raised an eyebrow in genuine surprise. "So... The pregnancy is real?"
"Not quite." Came a gravelly woman's voice from the other end of the phone. She chuckled lightly at his stunned silence. "Sorry."
"You're following a
"Vatican Cameos."
"Don't say that." The criminal snipped, focussing on a spot on the ground. He hated those words. He hated them even more when Seb used them. He hated that he hated the words, he shouldn't be afraid of four stupid words, but those words were far from innocent, and they only ever came out of Sebastian's mouth when something bad was about to happen.
Only an hour later, they receive a call from the Detective Inspector about a murder-suicide that he wants them to investigate. The husbands agree to come and take the baby downstairs to the landlady who agrees to watch her while they go work.
Jim's heart twisted again.
"I thought I told you to never call me that." The soldier scolded her, though it was hopelessly playful, and maybe a little flirtatious. It was like a hand twisted in Jim's stomach.
The first thing Sherlock notices when he wakes up is that there is something taped under his nose, and it's uncomfortable. The second thing he notices is that it's cooler than where he was before. The third is that he's not alone.
The Detective Inspector got to his feet, and locked his eyes on the figure below him,. He needed Sherlock and John. He couldn't even stop his hands shaking enough to light his cigarette, he just stood there, staring into Dana Carlisle's face.
He rolled his eyes. "Greg, did you-"
"I thought I'd find you two out here." Came a very familiar voice from behind them.
He doesn't remember what it's like to sleep.
The purple ink was intriguing. The ink and the delicate cursive handwriting told him that it was a woman who wrote it, he only saw pretty handwriting like that when it came to women, and even if it were a man, he wouldn't write in purple.
Sherlock didn't remember arriving home, but the next thing he knew, he was lying in his bed with Lestrade sleeping in a chair in the corner. Mrs. Hudson was sitting beside him, rubbing calming circles into his back while he slept. Her eyes were red and puffy, and it only took Sherlock a fraction of a second to deduce that his brother had informed her of what had occurred back in America. She didn't say a word to him. It was her loving look that broke him. The loving look from the woman who was more like a mother to him than even his own mother was the one that finally broke Sherlock Holmes.
And he wasn't alone.
"Nice place, Bassy." She complimented, taking her sunglasses off of her head and placing them on top of her head. She turned to Jim, who had stood up when she walked in, and smiled. "You must be the man of the hour, James Moriarty."
Jim let out a weak laugh. "I don't like her. She was flirting with you. But, I think she'll be a lovely addition to the underword."
The detective nodded. "Double homicide. Two women were run over multiple times in a parking garage. They had nothing in common, so the motive was unclear, so naturally, Lestrade called me in, despite how obvious everything was. I finished the case in a few hours." He answered.
John couldn't help but sigh at the confusion in his voice. He had to remember that Sherlock never just went out for a drink, and it always made him a little sad how Sherlock never seemed to understand what the concept of being friends meant.
John's whole body seemed to sag forward in the chair, but he quickly sucked in a sharp breath to compose him. He ran a hand over his face. "Thank you."
Sebastian let out a heavy sigh. "Jim, we need to talk."
Sherlock nodded his head. "Fine. How's married life?" He asked.
Everything starts to fall. He sees everything at once; the rooftop of Bart's, Baker Street, Serbia, the tall one's face as he delivers blow after blow to his body, John's horrified expression as he watched him fall... John.
"Of course it's simple to me, everyone else is an idiot."
"But, you're a contract killer, you're an assassin, and you're betraying your employer, and your biggest threat!" Sherlock protested loudly. "You can't tell me that you aren't the
Her voice is kind and genuine, but it does nothing to help Sherlock's fear. "Did you tell anyone about me?"
feel like he couldn't breathe with John so far away?
After finding the tea, he placed the kettle on the stove, and began to bustle around the kitchen until the kettle was screaming. John started humming as he poured his tea into his favorite mug, which wasn't uncommon, and normally, he didn't make a note of it, but this time, for no reason at all, Sherlock looked up, and never looked away.
"One of my men had infiltrated the base right after they had taken you away, and he managed to get a hold on where they were taking you and contact us before you got too far." Mycroft bitter expression suddenly falls, and an almost haunted look pulls at the corners of his eyes. "I was certain we were already too late when they took you away. They told him you were dead, and I was certain I was going looking for a corpse, but when you weren't there, we saw your footprints in the sand leading away from the spot you had been dumped, and I knew that somehow, you were still alive. We went to find you after that. I wasn't going home without you." His brother says, his tone stern, though his eyes were brighter than before.
A silence falls over them as they both take in what John's just said, and then, they look at each other, and they both burst into a fit of giggles. Sherlock drops his head onto John's chest while John tries control his laughter, just like they had done in Buckingham Palace, or at their first crime scene.
for that matter."
That was just the thing.
"Yes, well, I-"
He thought, making his heart skip a beat. He pushed the door open and ran up the steps toward their room, his heart pounding. He pushed the door to their bedroom open, and stopped dead in his tracks.
The two woman looked over to him in surprise, then both held up their weapons, although Effie was giving him a look that read
Sherlock does remember that.
The Ukrainian laughed. "The criminal in me is disgusted, too." She joked.
The assailant leans down and Sherlock suddenly sees the man's all-too-familiar eyes, cold and piercing and which make his stomach flip like he's going to be sick, and he tries so desperately to get away as tears begin to prick at the corners of his eyes. He tries to scream, but the hand only tightens. "Think before you scream,
"Stop where you are!" Came a rough, gravelly voice from behind the building. Out of the corner of their eye, they could see the tall, silver-haired Detective Inspector of New Scotland Yard coming toward them with a gun ready. "Stay right where you are, and put your hands above your head. Don't try to run. Just do what I say, and this can be easy." He growled, his feet scraping across the pavement as he got closer and closer.
The hand at his mouth moves down to his throat, and squeezes tightly, cutting off most of his desperate gasp for air, and man he recognizes as The Tall One leans down close to his face, close enough to brush his nose across the detective's cheek bone. Sherlock can feel his scruffy beard scrape across his skin, and he feels bile rise in his throat when the man presses his lips to his cheek as lightly as he can, just to intimidate.
Jim nodded.
The doctor sighed. He didn't like this idea. "Fine. Now, can I please talk to Sherlock."
The doctor shook his head. "No. I'm actually pretty fucking far from okay." He spoke softly, with no trace of anger, not like he had shown before. "I just feel like this is all one big nightmare and I wake up. Of course, in my nightmares, you're usually gone too." He paused, and looked down at the city below. "I'm not sure if this is better or not."
That was good enough for him.
But instead, all it does is make his stomach flip in fear.
"The truth, of course."
Sebastian knew of course, his boyfriend had been in the room, unbeknownst to him at the time, and had... For lack of a better phrase, completely lost his shit. He went storming out of Charles Augustus Magnussen's office, turning over tables and putting holes in the walls, and had been missing for nearly three days. Jim was worried sick, and terrified now more than after that he was going to lose his soldier.
"Sherlock is
There was a soft groan in response, then the creaking of the bed as the other got up, and made his way slowly toward the French doors. The soldier, a tall, American, monster of a man squinted against the light, and gave his partner a sleepy smile as he ran his hands through his already tousled, dirty blonde hair. "You know, waking up to an empty bed is not something I tend to look forward to after a night of drinking and frankly amazing sex." He stated, his eyes glinting playfully.
So, why was he upset?
John was between patients at the clinic, and he had a few minutes to himself. He hadn't spoken to Sherlock in nearly a month, and he had to admit that he missed the overbearing prat.
The DI paused. "He's your best friend, John."
actually
"Oh, trust me, he's tried." Jim replied, ignoring the playful glare from his husband.
"He's in the hospital. There's no word on his condition, but... But they found John."
"What should we do?" Greg asked, breaking the silence.
Or perhaps, for every single last reason in the world.
Two chapters in one day! I was too excited to not post. ^^
as they say, when you're my age. That's why I was always so adamant about knocking down these rumors about us."
"Sherlock, don't you dare apologize for this. This is
"Don't play stupid with me, Sherlock, you didn't even know that he was alive until after you took the drugs." John shot back, his hands clinching into fists. "I'm not stupid, Sherlock, I know a suicide attempt when-"
Hi everyone!
Even when they met as teenagers, back when John was a rugby player and Sherlock was the nerdy kid who liked violin and ballet and chemistry, John Watson never let Sherlock Holmes believe he was alone. From that first day as chemistry partners, when Sherlock was awkward and nervous and 'Just Sherlock, not William, William is gross' and John was busy cracking jokes, to the night their school decided to have an Americanized formal and call it prom when they both stagged and got way too drunk for their own good and ended up staying up the whole night watching movies, to the first time they kissed, lying out on Sherlock's roof in the middle of summer, drinking beer and watching the stars, John Watson was always there. He never let Sherlock feel alone.
That was when Sherlock looked up finally, and the moment he did, he regretted it.
This time, Sherlock does laugh. It's a breathless, watery sound that's followed by a sniffle, but it's a laugh nonetheless. He hasn't laughed in
Sherlock's body feels heavy and weighted down, like he's drowning deep under a thick blanket of water, instead of the desert he had been in before. He's warm. There's no pain. His heartbeat is calm, and slowing down. Drowning had been the wrong word before. He is not drowning. He is floating.
John would never know.
Anyway, so, I know that this has been a long time coming, so I hope this update makes up for it. I'm feeling better now, and hopefully I'll be less busy, so, hopefully, I'll be able to write more. I hope.
The detective drained his beer, made a rather disgusted face, and then got to his feet. "Well." He started to say as he threw his coat over his shoulders. "I have some more cases at home, so I should be going."
Sherlock sighed, and quickly cleaned up, throwing his cigarettes right back where John had hidden them, and leaving the window open so that the flat could air out. He turned out the light, and began to walk back to their bedroom, the creaking floorboards giving him some comfort.
The woman laughed, and stepped closer to wrap her arms around the soldier's neck. "It's nice to see you, Bassy."
Sherlock froze.
"No, you don't."
The ex-criminal rolled his eyes, and continued to straighten up the house while his husband began to sing an old song that Jim remembered from Seb listening to it on repeat all of the time in the shower when they lived back in London. Sebastian Moran was an awful singer, as he was utterly tone deaf, but Jim didn't mind, because it was adorable, and it always made him giggle. He loved Sebastian Moran with all of his heart, even if he sang like a dying cat.
Once again, I'm so, so, so sorry for the delay on the chapters, like I may have stated before, new job, and I work every day, and on top of that I've been very sick, and I know this chapter isn't the greatest, BUT, I am going to be writing more soon, because the next few chapters will be the reunion between John and Sherlock, and... It'll be be very interesting to say the least. Once again, I'm so sorry it's taken me so long, I feel terrible, but I promise you that the build-up will be worth it! ^^
John locked his jaw. He leaned forward in his chair, balancing his elbows on his knees as he stared the detective dead in eye. Even in a jumper and jeans, John Watson could be menacing. The doctor bit at the inside of his mouth. "Sherlock... On the plane, you... You were high before you even got on. You took enough to overdose. You took enough to
but when the air around him suddenly becomes heavy and tense, Sherlock knows it isn't his brother.
"No!" Sherlock intercepted, a little too quickly, which was very unlike him. "No, I'd love to."
"Mary first..." She rasped again, locking her eyes with Sherlock's.
Sherlock would never say a word of this to his best friend's face, but he hated his married life just as much as John did. He didn't want to believe Mrs. Hudson when she said marriage changed people, but it did. It changed everything between them. They were still very close, but now they were apart all of the time. But, Sherlock would never dare say anything. He wouldn't hurt John like that, and of course, she had been the one to pick up the pieces when he was pretending to be dead. There was a time, a long time ago now, that both men thought John would come home to Baker St., and everything would be perfect again, but then came Magnussen, and Sherlock killed him to save Mary. John went away after that, after the Moriarty case went cold, and all Sherlock could do was smile. He would never purposely make him choose between them when John had clearly already chosen.
"I did it for you!" Jim thundered, his voice cracking with anger and the tears that he had been trying to keep down. "I did it to make sure he didn't hurt you, you son of a bitch, it was for you!"
Sherlock bit at his lip. "Are you alright?" He asked.
Cradled in her delicate fingers was a MP-443 Grach, a standard Russian military issued handgun. Her finger seemed to ghost right above the trigger, and as if he had missed some witty joke, a chilling smirk pulled at the corners of her mouth. "Hello, Mr. Holmes." She purred.
Sherlock Holmes!" She roared in a sing-song voice that echoed off of the walls. "This isn't about you, this isn't about your brother, this isn't about Charles fucking Magnussen." She paused, letting her arms fall to her sides as a smile pulled at her lips. "This is about John."
Effie let out a thunderous laugh at the hostility in his voice. "Oh, do relax, sweat pea, Johnny's fine."
"Well, you did save his life. And Watson's for that matter." Jim said as he twirled a few strands of pasta around his fork.
"Tuesday. If you're up for it. We plan on taking you back to the cottage in Sussex for-"
"What do you mean a drink?" Sherlock asked.
His brother looked up, giving him a confused look. "Pardon?"
"Technically, brother-"
"Sherlock, I forgave you ages ago. It took everything I had to not go running after you after a few days, just to see you, just to tell you everything I wanted to say before, but couldn't. The only reason I couldn't was because of Mary. Now, of course, I realize that was a mistake, but... I love you. I do. I love you, I love you, I'll say it a million times, I'll learn it in every language just so that I can tell you again and again, and again. I don't care anymore. I've waited so long,
"Everyone else does, why wouldn't you?"
The idea of John being angry at him for that was enough to make him feel nauseous. He gritted his teeth, clamping down on the bitter cold that is spreading across his chest at a rapid pace, and for a moment, he wanted to trash the flat from top to bottom. Thick, blistering hatred for everything in his path suddenly overtook him, until he looked up and saw the letter resting on the mantel. The letter he had ignored for months.
There's a pause in the air, leaning on awkward, until Mycroft shifts awkwardly in his seat and clears his throat. "You should know, I spoke with Mrs. Hudson today." He states.
Mary's face fell, and she stumbled back at the mention of his name. She looked almost pained. She turned to John, who hadn't moved a single inch, her face stained with tears. "John, you won't let her shoot me. You know that." She whispered to him almost desperately.
"Just couldn't."
"You think you'll be home for Christmas?"
The nurse, Emi, he remembers, lowers her hands, and smiles sweetly at him. "I am a fan. I used to follow the blog. I'd recognize your face anywhere. I knew you couldn't be dead."
John Watson was not angry.
"Ladies, please." John sighed, sounding exasperated.
Sebastian Moran was everything to him.
About an hour later, the four were sitting out on the large balcony, eating the amazing meal Sebastian had prepared and just chatting. It was a horribly domestic moment, but, it was nice. Irene was gushing over the trip to New York that she and Dana had just taken while trying to convince Jim to go at least once to shop, while Seb tried to shut her up 'because Jim doesn't need any more cloths', which of course, made them all laugh.
Effie gave him a look. "Bisexuality exists, you know. I know for a fact that he waves that damn flag up high, and you can't even argue with me. John is head over heals in love with you, and the
"I'm fine." The doctor snapped, dropping to his knees beside him and the Ukrainian woman. "Effie, let me see your wound."
HELLO MY LOVELIES!!! I HAVE RETURNED!!!
John ran a hand over his tired face. "Just... Tell me that Sherlock's safe." He ordered kindly. He didn't want to think of Mary at that moment.
Effie's bottom lip turned down into a mocking pout. "Oh, come on now, do have a little fun, you are going to be here a while after all."
better, but you, you could have anyone you wanted. Why me?"
John grip let up slightly when he realized that Sherlock wasn't going anywhere, but not enough to the point that Sherlock thought he'd be able to get away. "Please, just... Just answer the question. Were you trying to die?"
"No!" She choked out, pushing herself out of Sherlock's arms, and attempting to crawl away. She collapsed only a few inches from the detective, who promptly tried help her. "No! No, Sherlock... Ma... Mary first." She gasped, grabbing the detective's arm and pushing it away.
beautiful!
Once both the elder Holmes had straightened up, Sherlock rolled his eyes returned his attention to John. "Sorry." He apologized. It tasted like vinegar in his mouth-apologizing for being rude to Mycroft was something he
They throw a tarp over him-which he is thankful for, as he can allow himself to breathe a little, and then the van jerks, and they're driving. He's too tired to calculate where they're going. He doesn't stay conscious for long.
"Hurry." Then the line went dead.
Sherlock feels his heart skip a beat.
She demanded, the hysteria returning to her voice.
He thought.
John laughed, the smile reaching his eyes and lighting up his features completely. "So... That was good, then?"
"What's the best part?" Sherlock said with a tiny smile forming at his lips. He already knew the best part, he just loved to hear John say it.
into each other's skin. It had been so silly, as they were both laughing and smiling too much for either of them to take it seriously, but it was still so perfect.
No matter how much time has passed, however, John sometimes still lies awake at night, staring at the ceiling and wondering
"Hey." Effie barked from a few feet away.
John burst into a fit of giggles. "Like that, did you?"
He wasn't sure how Effie knew what was happening, but for once, he didn't care not knowing.
The doctor looked up at him in confusion. "Why not?"
It broke John's heart listening to Sherlock sound so defeated and betrayed. He silently curse Mary. Just the thought of her sent his blood boiling. "Sherlock... I'm coming to get you right now, okay? I'll be there soon. I love you, okay? Just... Just hold on." He ordered, not caring what had just slipped out.
Sherlock felt John's eyes following him as he walked. He tried not to look up, because he knew that if he did, it would be nearly impossible to look away again. He sat down in his chair, keeping his eyes level with the ground the entire time. "You had a fight with Mary." He observed. He tried not to wince at the lack of a chilling bite to his words.
His heart said.
Sherlock swallowed hard. "When should I come out?" He asked, not exactly satisfied knowing he wasn't the one making the rules for once. He didn't like following orders.
"Let him go." He orders, trying to sound brave, for John's sake. "It's me, you want, not him."
Sherlock pulled away, forcing himself out of John's arms as he stared at his best friend in horror. "Y-you can't do that, you have a wife!" He shouted.
broken up about it."
"You better just stay right where you are." John ordered. "The police are outside. They're waiting for you."
desperate
Mycroft Holmes seemed to notice the change, but for once, kept his (abnormally large) nose out of it. "I could say the same about you. How was being kidnapped?"
that truly worse?
It wasn't exactly much to go on, but it was a start. The doctor began to search the flat, searching rooms, searching around on the floor, but eventually came up short. There was nothing. Sherlock's stuff was covering the table space as it always was, fingers in jars, a few eyes, some other random appendages that he was often experimenting on. John couldn't help but sigh as he looked at them.
Once again, he couldn't speak.
"Why didn't Mary come after me herself?" He demanded. "She's done it before."
Two years has taken it's tole. Mycroft knows this, though he won't say it, but it has. After two years underground, dismantling the network, chasing down criminals, killing, being beaten, every single moment has brought the detective almost to his knees from exhaustion, and every single night, all he's been begging for was a chance to go home. He's tired. No, he's exhausted. His body is exhausted, from his muscles, to his bones (which makes him feel like he's eighty), to his mental exhaustion, and if he's honest, all he wants is to sleep for a hundred years. At home. At Baker Street. In his bed. With John Watson not too far away. Or beside him, or whatever. The thought makes his heart jump, which Mycroft notices, but says nothing, and suddenly all Sherlock can think about is John.
John.
Anger flashed through John's body, and he gritted his teeth. "Who is this?" He demanded. "Where's Sherlock, what have you done to him?"
"Just fine." John replies brightly.
Of course, it was sometimes hard being in love with such a mad, brilliant man, but not a day went by that John didn't wish he had said something years ago.
and Mary would be there to comfort him and it would all be a lie, and he would never know that the monster was sitting next to him the whole time. Everything he felt, everything he meant to say all of those years ago, and never did, never could... John would never know. He would never know how much he valued him, cherished him,
smart."
"Stop it."
"Stop it!" Sherlock's heart was beating so loudly that he couldn't even hear himself think. He squeezed his eyes shut. He didn't want to have this conversation with John, not now, not ever. "I... I said stop it."
"John!" Sherlock ran forward and dropped to his knees in front of the army doctor's body, and gripped the sides of his face out of pure panic. "John, are you alright?"
"Well, I mean, you did kidnap me."
The detective swallows hard. "John."
"Sherlock and I met up for a drink after work. He invited me back to Baker St. to look at a case, and we ended up getting jumped in an alleyway and thrown in a van. They took me back to Baker St., but I have no idea where they took him, and I don't know why they separated us." John explained quickly. He’d already briefed Greg Lestrade over text, and the Detective Inspector was on the case already. "Is there any way for you to track him?"
Sherlock awakes from the nightmare with a start, gasping for air as he gazes around at the hospital room ceiling. He sits up straight, sweat trickling down the back of his neck, soaking his curls. Though only mere seconds have passed, he can already feel the nightmare slipping away as he goes to look toward his brother, who is watching him quietly from the chair with an unimpressed look on his face. Sherlock almost laughs at how quickly it brings him back to Earth.
