John’s body language was rigid and closed off; he also wasn’t looking Sherlock in the eyes. Sherlock watched as John became a mask of emotion, something Sherlock couldn't read no matter how hard he tried. It was a trick John had taught himself during their short separation before Hamish was born. It worried him, John was somehow connected to the Pendergrass Murders and he wasn't about to tell Sherlock how. Greg sighed and hung up the phone, moving back over and crossing his arms. When Sherlock stood and signaled he was ready to speak, Greg spoke first.
He heard the door open downstairs and a very quiet conversation with Mrs. Hudson. He was sure he heard a third voice but dismissed it as being one of the assistants Mycroft often brought with him on these 'visits'. Mrs. Hudson let out a small squeak of delight and John wondered what sort of lovely evening Mycroft had planned for her this time. Every two weeks Mycroft came to the flat, bringing some takeaway that he thought (usually incorrectly) that John might like, for a visit. These visits were tedious chores that John had stopped even trying to pretend for. Each time he would send Mrs. Hudson out with one of her friends to shows, dinner, the cinema, whatever he came up with. He was at least usually better with those. Which made John happy in some dark place, as Mrs. Hudson deserved joy. She'd been amazing to him, bringing him breakfast and tea each day. He had a slight suspicion she was keeping tabs on him as she never cleared away the food and the cups of tea she made him until later in the day, as if keeping count. For three days he hadn't eaten. He had no desire for food. No desire to...
"John, my little one, it is nothing like that." Sherlock promised and lifted his chin. "You are not boring. Do not let the lies of your family continue to cloud your mind." Their eyes locked and Sherlock read John like a book.
"I am sorry," John said earnestly. "My Uncle did task me to show you around when you arrived, though he seemed to be of the suspicion you would not arrive in time for the party. Come, I believe you are to meet him and my cousin whom is your intended?" John shuffled back inside and Sherlock found himself pulling in air in a new and different way with the falling silence. It was like part of him was missing. His anger rose sharply, along with some possessive instinct and he had to struggle against the urge to show his true self and steal John away. He growled softly.
"He'll be alright Mr. Holmes." The medic said softly as Greg sat up on the couch. Georgina already had three of her staff there fixing the door. "He just needs some rest."
"Oh stop! Please..." He begged, swallowing hard. "I shall never be able to hide a release like this. Please... Tomorrow... You may do what you wish with me." Sherlock obliged him, sitting up and the two of them heaving for breath. The carriage stopped outside John's farm and he slowly brought himself back into the world. "Are you afraid?" He asked Sherlock as Sherlock walked him toward the door.
"Sherlock, I will not let this go!" John forced him up, which took considerable effort because their arousal stirred so quickly. "You told me you understood how I felt and now you are denying me my feelings. I have been with you almost every moment for the last several months. Please allow me this one thing!"
"You didn't even notice I slipped this into your medical kit, did you?" He smirked as he reached in and pulled out a small bottle of lubricant. "So clever when observing what your son and I do, but not clever enough to see my plans." He set the bottle down next to John and without warning brought a harsh smack down across John's bare arse. "That's for lying to me." And another. "And that's for scolding me this morning." He growled, his coat fluttering to the ground behind him.
"Are you really that stupid? Why do you hate who I am?!" John was angry and hurt, his tone betraying him. He clutched Hamish as tightly as he could.
"Well by the time I met you lot it wasn't very hidden was it." John said softly, trying to joke. Sherlock smirked but looked down at Hamish, a tightness in his features expressing his pain for John.
“Sherlock, I am afraid I cannot allow you near him yet. He is…” Mycroft tried to grab Sherlock but he dashed off, taking the stairs three at a time.
“Prove it.” Sherlock purred, offering James a glass of bloodwine. He watched as James drank it down, following it with two more gulping them down like a man starved. James wrenched Sherlock’s head down, a firm grip on his hair, and forced their mouths together. The kiss they shared was passionate and fervent, only breaking when James looked up as Moran entered.
"Renew your promise to me," He whispered, barely a breaths space between their mouths. "Promise me if anything should happen with Sherlock you will always come home to me." He demanded.
"Sherlock, John, consider my offer. The guest house is already prepared. John, I shall check in on you soon." Mycroft nodded and exited, leaving the two of them alone. Silence fell between them as John's anger slowly cooled, his eyes burning into Sherlock as he took in every movement he made. Suddenly Sherlock felt contrary and confused.
"I am not the same as other people. I should have explained myself more adeptly and I am sorry I did not. However you must promise me to never again try to enter someone else's mind without training, my love. You can become trapped in your own and never be free." Sherlock lay John down on the bed in their room and slipped in beside him, holding John to himself. "It is a very dangerous thing to force your way into another's mind, especially for us. I know you have had training as a Solvanar and that some of that training included meeting the mind of another, however it is vastly different with our kind - especially with one like me."
He licked around the head of John's cock, paying special attention to the leaking tip. He hummed and moaned as John's hips betrayed him and tried to push Sherlock's mouth further down on him. He found his own need desperately crawling around in his chest. He stood up and opened the bag, finding the warming lubricant he'd bought and slicking some over his fingers. He started teasingly at first, just barely touching the tight clenching muscles of John's ass before relentlessly finger fucking him. John became a pool of moans and primal body movements, pleasing with every sound for Sherlock to take him. But Sherlock waited, resting his head on John's thigh as he watched his fingers sliding in and out of John's body.
" Sherlock's voice was soft, the hallway was barren - just white walls with a concrete floor. John looked around at all the many doors leading off of it.
"Do you honestly think Moriarty cared about you?" John's voice was normal, it irked her. They weren't here to chat.
"You have your orders. Now go." Mycroft turned and swept over to the counter in the bed chamber. He found a bottle of blood wine and filled a glass, slipping into the bed and pulling John gently into his arms. "Here little one, drink..." He whispered in a soft voice. "Please my little one..." Sherlock watched in awe, he'd never seen Mycroft be so tender with anyone save himself as a small child. He wanted to stay, to protect John but George grabbed him by the nape of his neck and hauled him from the room. John slowly opened his eyes and looked up at Mycroft, whimpering like a child. Mycroft simply smiled and cupped his head, helping him sit up and putting the glass to his lips. "There now," He whispered as John started to sip the drink. Mycroft helped him until he'd finished the cup and his trembling had subsided a bit.
John's eyes remained closed and Sherlock could see the exact moment he dropped to sleep, but he understood that John was very serious. Sherlock sighed as he let his mind slip back into a more normal state, losing himself in his thoughts as he tried to decide whether or not they should accept Mycroft's offer. But John and Mycroft were right. Baker Street had proven to be unsafe several times now and no one had more security than Mycroft. The thing that made Sherlock resist was that accepting Mycroft's help meant
"You say that as if I will ever want anyone else to touch me, Sherlock." He groaned again as fingers traced the edges of his boxers. "I've needed you to touch me like this for so long. I imagined it over and over…" The pure unrestrained need in John's voice raced through Sherlock's system like a drug. He dug his nails lightly into John's legs, trying to restrain himself from stripping the man and laying his claim.
"You're... My Captain." Sherlock whispered, his hand touching John's cheek as well. A whole host of emotions ran through both of them and Sherlock felt John tremble.
each other. Sherlock embraced John fully, letting his hand run up into John's hair and crush his body against his own. The feel of their bodies touching was not what either of them had imagined it to be, but was so incredibly relieving to both of them. They felt the tension melt away in each other before a new feeling began to replace it. When they finally came up for air, both of them disheveled and hair a mess John looked Sherlock dead in the eyes.
“We cannot. Tell him anyway.” John looked up and out into the room, still refusing to look in the direction of his love. Meaghan watched John in silence for a long moment before turning to look at Sherlock with a frown.
Sherlock was enjoying the sounds his lover was making, his own contented purr spilling free as his gaze began focusing more on his brother. His entire being becoming enraptured by watching his brother's lean body as it moved in response to John's, how he shivered with desire, and how his eyes looked like they could devour the mender whole. A powerful burst of arousal swept through his chest, forcing him to moan softly as he conceded how much he enjoyed watching their mouths moving together. He moaned again wondering what his brother's lips felt like, what his mouth tasted like, what he
"Look at you," Mycroft groaned, now shifting out of his trousers. "So desperate for this... For me... Even though you and Sherlock have done little else aside from bond for months now." His tone was dark, demanding and dominating. A hint of jealousy rolling through his eyes and reverberating in John's body.
"Do you like that idea, Captain? The idea of me punishing you for everything you've done wrong? Insubordination bears a heavy fine..." He purred, pulling something else out of the bag. It turned out to be his rope. He fussed around at the end of the bed and John felt pressure on his right ankle.
“Something has happened.” She gasped out as she ran inside, closing the door on the daylight. She was panting from her ride. “Their carriage was attacked.”
me even when the whole world conspired against you to tell you not to. You are and have always been the only one I can truly trust." He pressed their mouths together for a soft but passionate kiss before leaning his forehead against John's.
“Do not lie to me! You are someone I know…” Sherlock groaned being this close to the man was making him ache to touch him, to taste him, to possess him. He growled and John shuddered, almost letting his instincts take over before stopping himself. He would not suffer heartbreak again.
"Oh but you did. You came to me for an interview, while he was in the same building no less. So now you're going to take a fall too. You're going to pay for proving that you are just like every other boring idiot he came in contact with – the only bonus is that he thought you might have succeeded in at least injuring John and thus injuring me. He went to his grave confident everyone left to suffer would." Sherlock moved towards John but Kitty growled and jumped between them, brandishing the knife at Sherlock.
"You are so close to release already..." He whispered in his ear, his voice half in his mind and half in his words. "
"I thought maybe the takeaway would be too much for him. I have some packets of beef tea..." She smiled sadly at Sherlock.
They cleaned up and dressed, Sherlock enjoying how John was still so pleased by his new clothing and enjoying how well it framed his husbands' body. They shared another deep kiss before Sherlock opened the door to find Anthea waiting with two of their feeders. The two fed deeply, and though Sherlock sensed the rise of lust within his husband he also felt how John was beginning to control it. They both adjusted their clothing and prepared themselves to head down the stairs and face Lord Moran, who was pacing the length of the dining room, waiting for the two Holmes men to join him. He was crisply dressed in a dark red outfit that looked like it belonged to an age gone by. His dark brown hair and brown eyes flashed around the room as he felt the flutter of energy that signaled the two coming closer to him. He closed his eyes for a moment, his mind stalling as want of seeing John filled his chest. It had been many years since he'd had anything other than cold distance and fear from him. He hoped now that would be different. He forced himself to let those thoughts go as he heard their footfall in the hall. He looked up, his eyes easily attaching themselves to John and taking in how well he looked in his new vampiric state and noble dress. John's outfit was a dark blue, which brought out his eyes and the cut was perfect for his form. He looked more striking than Sebastian had ever seen him look. Sherlock saw Sebastian's lingering gaze and let out a soft, animalistic growl which only grew darker when he saw that John blushed. Sherlock wrapped his arm tightly around John's waist and Sebastian took the hint.
A sudden loud noise, like a shrill whistle, startled the two men attacking him and they scattered. Silence descended on the alley as he tried to survey his wounds. His shoulder was bleeding profusely; as were his other wounds. He could feel the darkness trying to press down on him. He needed Sherlock. He shoved his hand into his pockets as best he could, trying to find his phone before he collapsed all the way to the ground.
“Every fifty years or so we change manor houses, it helps keep the suspicions down of the general populace. The monarchies know of our existence and rely on us for many things however if everyone knew of our kind it could be detrimental to our existence. We have been here for almost fifty years now, so it would be proper for us to change.”
“Brother mine?!” Mycroft demanded, standing from his seat at the dining room table. John used the moment to scurry off, running to his room and closing the door behind him. He buried himself in the blanks, not wanting to know if Sherlock remembered or not.
This chapter contains depictions of non-consensual drug use leading to rape and the beginning of rape recovery.
“Do not be silly. We will be but a half day behind you at most. It is not that long of a journey to the coast, brother mine.” Sherlock sighed.
"You love him so much as that? Are you certain you do not simply miss the joys of his flesh?" Mycroft forced out, his tone a challenge though he was simply trying to give his brother anger to bolster himself with.
"We'll need to do what we can on the grounds today, if I remember correctly there is usually a good amount of rain around this time of year and according to the weather app on my phone there's a front moving in tonight." John said as he entered the room with plates.
“I apologize, however I am afraid I do not recall making your acquaintance.” Mycroft muttered softly, glad his mask was covering his face. The man smirked, stepping a bit closer as he did. Mycroft could not keep his breath even as the sensations pulsed harder in his chest.
"Great." John sighed, shaking his head. He was fighting to regain control over his emotion. He cleared his throat. "Are we set to go then?"
"We're alright Hamish," Sherlock promised. "We just have to rest now." Greg picked Hamish up and held him over so he could give Sherlock a hug and a kiss before letting him settle down on John's good side.
. His chest felt constricted, like he couldn't breathe. Mycroft had told him, but he had not believed a word of it.
“Your loyalty, your determination to see that our memories did not fade no matter what, your courage to stand up for what you believe in even when you knew it was putting you in the path of fire… When I returned here, and you looked at me the way you did, especially after I accused you of lying to me because of this room…” Sherlock looked down, swallowing hard. “It crushed something inside my soul and I knew that the emotion you were showing had to be genuine.”
"Daddys! I missed you!" Hamish reached out and grabbed John's scarf pulling it free in his attempt to pull John closer. "Daddy! Did you get huwt?"
"No, I think I am just worn down from trying to keep pace with a man who always goes twice as fast." He smirked but it faded when he saw the worry on Sherlock's face. "Love, it's a cold..."
"That's the idea." His hand ran through John's hair while the water slowly rinsed away the evidence of their blissful high.
"I'm going to go see if we've gotten any leads." Lestrade stepped out. Mrs. Hudson didn't look away from John, not wanting to see another row between the two brothers.
"Have you been with men before?" He asked quickly half blurting the question out and half demanding.
"So, when are you going to tell me about this yet to be revealed history with the Moran family?" He demanded, crossing his legs and putting his hands together near his chin.
The loud thud that sounded through her floor made Mrs. Hudson jump. She considered going upstairs but when she opened the door and saw one of Mycroft's men she simply shut the door again and prayed John was alright. John however was trying to choke the detective, punching him where ever he could reach. Sherlock's lip and nose were bleeding, but he simply lie there and let John hit him repeatedly for several minutes. Tears coming from John's eyes as he slowly lost the will to continue.
“How you turn a blind eye to the grandness you possess, continues to elude me,” Sherlock whispered against John’s skin, listening as the other moaned into the touch. “Your steadiness which has seen me through the chaos the likes of which I could never have guessed.” His nimble fingers undid the clasps and buttons pushing the Menders’ shirt and trousers to the floor. “Your steady aim that saved my life when Jeffery Hope was going to try to kill me.” His lips trailed down the Mender’s arm and back up, his words soft and reverent against his skin. “You who can commune with plants and nature in ways most of our kind have forgotten.” Down the other arm and back, “Who can find the smallest of clues and build a picture even I cannot see.” Kisses trailing down the Mender’s chest, forcing him to sit and then lie back on the bed. “Who suffered an unending tide of darkness and yet remained more loyalty to me than any ever has.” Down his legs, pausing to caress and nip at his thighs. “You, my John, have stood in the fire, nearly been consumed by the hatred of others, and yet are the most tender and loving being I have ever known.” He slowly made his way back up, meeting his loves gaze and enjoying the way John’s eyes were dark with desire. He leaned down and claimed the Mender’s mouth, diving in to explore his mouth before pulling away.
"Only for a short time, my precious one." Sherlock assured him, combing his hand back through John's hair. He pressed his hand over John's eyes instructing him wordlessly to close them again. John moaned as fire spread through him both in pain and in lust. "We will go to France for awhile. So as not to be disturbed. We will complete our bonding and when we return we will be officially married by the Duke." He nuzzled his nose against John's neck, groaning softly at the way his smell changed.
"Did you just tell off Lestrade so you could be alone with me?" He asked with a smirk, stepping closer to Sherlock.
They were not fine. Two nights after returning to England Sherlock had informed John he could not sleep and settled himself onto the couch in their room. Then he'd gone still. John had tried everything he could think of to make Sherlock move or speak but nothing worked. Panic was overwhelming him and he was certain that he had done something wrong to upset Sherlock and now Sherlock was going to starve himself because of it. He tried splashing water on him, poking and prodding, trying to pull him off the couch, trying to kiss him and stroke him, nothing worked. When he tried drinking from Sherlock and received not a single motion from him, he resolved himself to try something more desperate. The most desperate thing he could think of, he would try to mind link with him. He knew as mates they shared a bond between their minds as well as their magic but Sherlock had not trained him on how to use it yet. John was desperately worried about Sherlock and ready to do whatever he could to ensure his mate was well so he resolved to search their mind link even though it was dangerous. He closed his eyes and focused until he felt Sherlock's aura where it contacted his own. He followed the path until he felt Sherlock's physical form and was able to find a link to his mind. As he focused he found himself inside a large multi-roomed space, Sherlock's mind palace. It was wide and echoing as he shouted for Sherlock. The force of his voice echoed and reverberated against the walls of the palace until he was forcibly removed from Sherlock's mind and his attention came crashing back down into his body. The force of which made him ache all over as if he had taken ill. He collapsed into a heap in the bed and barely had the strength to curl up under the blankets, pleading for Sherlock to do anything other than stay as still as a statue.
“Who was helping him? John? Did you see?” Sherlock asks, eyes flicking over to him. John remains quiet, his lips pressed tightly together as he fights with his amygdala, breath moving rapidly in his lungs. Despite my usual rule of remaining detached, watching him war against himself stirs something high in my throat, making it difficult to swallow and my mouth uncomfortably dry.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, earning him a poke in the ribs. He squirmed and swatted John’s hand away, saying, “
“John, at this point I think it would be absurd for us to act as though I’m ashamed of your gaze on my body,” I argue, rolling my eyes dramatically.
Planting his hands on the forest floor, he rolled back onto his haunches, squatting for a moment and looking up at the tree branches above him. A small murder of crows took flight, launching from the top of a tall white pine while calling loudly to each other. He counted them--seven in total--and pushed himself up to stand. After brushing his trouser legs free from dirt, he reached down to collect his knife and turned to follow his marks back out of the wood.
“Sherlock, it might be important. He’s calling again,” John insists, hand pausing on my head. I let out an irritated grunt and press into his palm, willing him to continue his ministrations. He refuses, patting my shoulder. “
>>Sherlock: Since you’re refusing to meet up with me, I’ve decided to show you exactly what you’re missing.
“I don’t mind,” Sherlock murmurs above me, voice huskier than I remember. Though part of me is relieved, I'm terrified at the implications of this admission. The pulse in his wrist flutters under my fingertips like a hummingbird. The doctor in me counts it automatically, a retreat to the safety of a role I know. I’m fully aware that I’m fleeing this uncertain moment and the swell of irrational emotion in the pit of my stomach as the seconds tick by.
My heart feels heavy at the thought, thudding slowly in my chest as though drowning. A hand closes around mine, startling me out of my self-deprecating spiral.
. How is it that I can do nearly everything I put my brain to but I cannot seem to accurately assess and deduce John Watson? Perhaps I am overly clouded by sentiment. It would seem my senses fail me around him, so distracted am I by the overwhelming urges to run my hands over his biceps and push my tongue into his mouth.
John stared at the silent device, then returned to his armchair in front of the fire to pull on his boots. Mycroft, forgetting the disruption, jumped back up, ready to settle.
version of affection, which often resembles a cat bringing home its most recent kill for its master. To the master, it is off-putting. To the cat, it is the purest symbol of love. Dragging John through the streets of London, sharing secret giggles at a crime-scene, yelling insults at his favorite crap telly programmes, stealing curry from his takeout container after distracting him…
warn you, rest assured. It may not give you much time to respond, however. Best be prepared,” I recommend with an exaggerated wink. His pupils dilate immensely and he takes a deep, stuttering breath through his nose before shutting his eyes, grounding himself. I release him and return to my wardrobe, choosing a pair of pants and a simple white tank top.
And then there is the matter of his behavior, which borders on animalistic in some ways. He seems particularly defensive of his home, guarding it like one might expect a dog to guard a treasured bone. If I hadn’t interacted with him to this depth, I might have assumed he lacked intellect or civility. This is clearly not the case, though there might be some argument for his lack of etiquette.
chosen you, and I would do it a million more times if it was asked of me. I am sorry for every second of pain I have ever caused you. I cannot guarantee I won’t do it again, but I will make a concerted effort to limit it to the times that are out of my complete control.”
I did not contain my laughter at this absurd belief. “Well, since the Devil is an abstract concept used to intimidate those with lesser morals, and wearing furs is hardly a reason for alarm, I do believe I shall take my chances amongst the trees.”
Any information you can provide may assist me in my case. Especially if you happen to know of a way to kill it.
A crash nearby startles me into near panic again. I scramble across the floor, throwing my back against the tub as Sherlock comes bursting through the door. It swings wildly on its hinges, smacking into the wall and leaving a hole from the doorknob in the horsehair plaster. My flatmate looks insane; his hair is wildly sticking out on all sides of his head, errant curls flapping as he scans the room, deducing everything that’s happened since I’ve been in here. His robe is sliding off one of his shoulders, the belt hanging from a single loop and pooling on the floor next to his bare feet. I can hear his breath whistling erratically through his nose--he’s nearly as panicked as I am. He slowly sinks to the floor into an awkward crouch, taking extra care to protect his wounded leg. Once he reaches the floor, he keeps his distance from me, a single hand reaching out with an open palm, attempting to soothe me as if I’m a frightened animal, trapped in a cage.
. You’re not getting out of this one. You know damn well that if I lose you again I won't survive it. You can't do this to me--you can't want me and then toss me aside whenever I'm too inconvenient for you. If you are choosing me, you're choosing
. My own opinions about the pointless institution of marriage aside, this turn of events is one I find abhorrent. It has nothing to do with Mary, naturally. She is, as one would expect, perfectly suited to John. She balances him in a way that he needs. She’s clever, funny, quick-witted, and talented.
occurred less than thirty minutes ago. Neither of them are showing the lingering flush or pupillary dilation associated with a sexual liaison and the resulting oxytocin, so it seems they stopped themselves in favor of meeting with me.
? The power to harm and the power to heal, wrapped up in one gorgeous, broken man. You deserve better than this, John.”
He keeps my gaze, eyes full of emotion, and nods sharply. “It’s settled, then. I’ll just--” He gestures at the door, giving my hand a quick squeeze before getting up to go sign me out and gather my clothing from Mycroft. I watch as they have a brief conversation outside the windows to the room, John’s face set with the firm lines of the soldier in him. Ready for battle. Ready to defend. Ready to protect. Mycroft, obviously noticing the steel in John’s shoulders, submits easily, keeping his body language passive and open. It’s fascinating to watch this power play between them. Seeing John take charge, draw up the Captain in him and emanate his authority in order to accomplish his goals--it ignites my core, desire threading around my gut and settling deep in my low abdomen with a curl of warmth. I close my eyes, breathing deeply to calm my stuttering heart. After being away for so long, I had forgotten the effect he has on my physiology.
,” he begged, hands tugging on the man’s curls to pull him up for a salacious kiss. As their tongues tangled, the taste of his own body filling his mouth, John reached down between Sherlock’s legs. As his hand wrapped around the man’s pulsing cock, he was rewarded with a hiss, followed by a sharp bite on his earlobe. He would have yelped in pain had he not been so utterly exhausted.
He crosses his arms and takes a deep breath, nostrils flaring while he exhales. “The second anything seems off, let me know. I mean it, Sherlock. I can’t…,” he shakes his head, squeezing his eyes shut for a moment while he swallows around the lump in his throat. His voice is tight with emotion, his face pained. Being here must be triggering his sympathetic nervous system, flooding his head with intrusive memories and his body with excess adrenaline. I can see it in the tight cords of his neck muscle, pulled taut in preparation for unseen threats. We need to finish what we’re doing and leave as soon as possible, that much is clear.
Thirty minutes later, John pulled on his boots. Left first, then right, as it always had been. He paused, hands hovering over the laces of his left boot.
His hand lands softly on my forearm, fingertips barely brushing the leather of my jacket before withdrawing. I glance at him and nod. “Yeah. Let’s...I’ll--”
He stooped to pick it up and tossed it over the back of his chair as he headed to his pantry, eyes searching for his steel cut oats. The tin was hidden behind a bag of sugar, and with a shake he determined it had just enough oats to provide him a hearty serving. As he filled the kettle, there was another flash in the corner of his eye. He blinked to clear it, and sighed, weary.
He nodded again, then snatched up the hat on the floor and tucked it under his arm. “You should leave now,” he muttered as he walked past me out of the room.
. You enjoyed it as much as I did,” Sherlock retorted, a hand snaking up beneath the hem of John’s jumper. “I did the calculations--”
Pulling out my phone to check the time, I reply, “Isn’t that what autopsies are for?” before striding away.
Suddenly his hand is wrapped around mine again, fingers pressing into my palm roughly. “You may not have succeeded, but you certainly tried. John...
Every time Sherlock called him Hamish, John fought back his blinks of surprise. He felt tethered to this world, to
OMFG Look at John's eyes in this!! So much emotion, captured perfectly!! UGH she kills me! *fangirling all over the place*
I feel it slipping, sliding, and gag harshly, hands clutching at my neck. My protests gurgle out of me, begging them to “Stop, please!” I can feel myself thrashing, arms flailing around me while I try to fight them off. It hurts,
.” Sherlock shifts awkwardly on the bed, tearing his gaze away for a moment to swipe a few fingers from his unoccupied hand under his eyes. I’ve never seen him look so emotional, nor have I heard him promise anything so seriously. Rarely do I wish I could think like he does, but right now I’d give anything to know what is happening in his head.
The warmth inside the entryway seems stifling after the brisk February air still stuck in my lungs, yet the scents of the flat are immediately familiar and comforting. Mrs. Hudson baked today--the smell of yeast hangs in the air. Sourdough, probably. My favorite.
John’s standing stock still, staring into my soul. The pain in his gaze is palpable. He doesn’t want to die like this, but he seems resolute to do so if that’s the only option. We’re trapped,
; the life that consumed me and ruined me and gave me a purpose. The life that made all other versions of life inadequate and stale.
. So I took it upon myself to provide him with whatever comfort I could, feeling guilty for inciting these episodes. Initially, I was timid in my ministrations, assuming he might wake with the increased physiological activity inherent in the REM cycle of sleep. However, as time went on, I realized that when affected by the demons of his memories, John was difficult to rouse.
Shaking his head, he bundled his coat tighter around his quaking core and walked into the forest, striding directly up to the stone circle. Squaring his shoulders, he took one last glance around him at the trees. He was so used to seeing nothing in his time in the forest that he nearly missed the tall, thin figure dressed in rich mahogany leathers standing between two birch trees off to his right.
The whistle on the kettle goes off, breaking the loaded, tense silence and bringing me back to the present. Avoiding his gaze, I pick up my mug and head back into the kitchen.
With an exaggerated sigh, I’m shouting louder than I expect or intend to, “I’m in love with you, Sherlock! Hopelessly, helplessly in love with you and I am not going to let you get away with ignoring it!”
, Sherlock. Your brother saw it in me the first time he met me, noticed how my tremors stop when I’m in danger.
.” With a flourish, he pulls me away from him in a twirl, the entire movement as fluid as if we had practiced it daily for years. As I roll back into his chest, his arm tightens around my waist, possessive, and he grins wickedly.
Moran shouts, venom in his voice. I can't, I can't! I can't let him in, he’ll kill me. He wants me dead, he wants to hurt me and torture me and kill me. He wants revenge for what I did to him. For
“Let’s give him a choice,” I recommend, running my hand over my forehead and snaking my fingers through my hair. “He can have an injected antipsychotic and close monitoring here, or he can go off to the psych hospital. If we give him a choice, he won’t fight us once he decides,” I assure, the plan solidifying in my brain. This is our best bet, and Mycroft knows it.
, Sherlock--” I argue, running my fingers through my hair. My nails drag along my scalp a bit too hard, but I can’t be bothered to care.
Knowing that if I force the issue immediately I’ll be snapped at, I slide out of the car and wait on the pavement for Sherlock. He makes a show of keeping his face neutral, though I can hear the muttered curses and quiet gasps as he eases himself upwards, using the car door as a support. His Adam’s apple bobs slowly in his throat with a thick swallow before he turns to shut the door. The effort nearly pulls him off balance, and before I realize it I have my hands on his hips to steady him. I can feel the tension in his frame the moment I touch him; he wasn’t expecting it.
Sweaty, disheveled, and exhausted, John returned to his dorm after practice having completely forgotten about the issue from before. As he dropped his bag onto his bed, he noticed a small scrap of paper on his pillow.
Mycroft purred on the chair next to the fire, barely lifting his head as the door slammed shut, a few stray snowflakes swirling onto the floor at the threshold before they melted.
Shrugging out of her grip, he nodded and looked away. “Shopping tae dae afair th' st'rm,” he grumbled, eyes scanning the market for the head of dark curls he'd seen before. “Braw tae meit ye.”
Smooth violin music flows around us, a natural beat already established that urges us to dance. Taking another full breath, I nod and retrieve the files in my Mind Palace related to the waltz.
“You can’t take him away from Sherlock,” I reply before taking another burning drag on my cigarette.
“Hm.” He drops his head down onto my chest, letting it rise and fall with my breath. A few moments pass, the room silent except for the sounds of our breathing and occasional splashes of raindrops against the window. Lifting his head, he clears his throat and continues, “I do love you, you know. I’m...I’m sorry for how hot and cold I’ve been. I’m...trying.”
Above him, a fierce howling gust shook the trees, clattering the naked branches against each other in warning. He could nearly make out a word in the wind, though he shook his head and told himself he imagined it. Another gust whipped by his ears, biting the exposed flesh of his neck with its icy fangs while snaking down past the collar of his coat. Again, he heard a word.
and I killed them with my bare hands. I snapped Charles’s neck after breaking his arm and strangled the life out of Moran. He stared into my face, tears streaming down his cheeks and his mouth hanging open while blood vessels burst in his eyes and his skin turned blue. I crushed his windpipe and esophagus
And, he was unsure, which worried him (and me) even more. He’s not supposed to be the unsure one; that’s my role in this relationship, yeah?
Blinking, he looked down at the stones around him, confused. With a shake of his head, he rolled to his side and pushed to stand, ignoring the second flash of shadow in his periphery.
He sighs, running his hands over his face. “You think I’m psychotic. You’re not far off. The hospital said depression with psychosis, and they gave me meds for it.”
John’s laughter surprises me, filling the flat. It’s a cold sound, one that’s jaded and empty. “Come on, Sherlock. Don’t be an idiot.” I have no idea what he’s talking about. (It isn’t me, even if I
Get it together, Sherlock. This isn't about wooing him, it's about teaching him how to dance. For his
so much, Sherlock. You…,” he pauses to clear his throat, eyes glistening while he cups my cheeks. “You have
John blinked, staring straight into the creature’s soulless, white eyes. “Whit will ye use it fur?” He vaguely remembered a tale told by an elder of the village about a young man who was seduced by the forest, taken up by it merely by disclosing his name. John had lived enough of his life to know better than to discount the tales told by an old beggar. The lines of that face had seen more than enough, and could very well hold some truth.
today,” he purred. John dropped down as instructed, then brought his hands down to tangle in Sherlock’s hair.
A barely-there smile hovering around my lips at the thought, I pull out my phone and shoot a quick text to Sherlock while walking back into the office.
I draw my knees up to my chest and bury my face in my forearms--I can’t keep looking at him while he’s watching me
Deigning to save John from Sherlock’s continued insensitivity with the mania of a case, I comment, “He was receiving aid from Charles, who was an employee of mine until recently, unfortunately. Charles alerted Moran that you were indeed alive and returning to London once it was clear John...needed help.” At the mention of his name, John’s eyes pop open to stare at me, pupils dilated and eyes glazed over with barely contained fear. He’ll be lucky if he makes it out of this car without having a full blown flashback or panic attack. While I’m aware that he’s no stranger to post-traumatic stress disorder and its effects, I can’t imagine he welcomes the symptoms. It’s
“You’re remembering something,” Sherlock comments cautiously, breaking me out of my flashback. “Please, John. I need as many details as you can provide.” He leans forward, face serious and tone dark.
! Did you get dizzy? Can you see and hear me okay? Did you hit your head?” he asks, concern rapidly flooding his features. His hands float over me, touching lightly as he checks for hidden injuries. “Answer me, please. Tell me where you’re hurt.” He presses gingerly on my shoulder, making me wince. “
“Is it?” John asked, contempt in his voice. He winced at the sound of it. It'd been a while since he'd interacted with humans. Especially female humans. Pretty ones, at that.
“John has survived many situations in his life without the assistance of my brother. I’m sure he can manage another.”
. I know that twitch--it’s the same as when he aches for a cigarette, or when he’s searching his Mind Palace for the lynchpin piece of data for a case.
Though I'm reluctant to let him go (lest he come to his senses and flee), I nod and release him, striding across the room to the MP3 player I hooked up. Naturally I recorded myself playing a variety of waltzes, along with the piece I composed for this event, so the lilting sounds of my violin soon fill the air.
Moran chuckles, shaking his head. “No, no, of course not. I’ve got my own little helper here, just as you have yours.”
The man frowned, bringing his hands together to wring them once before reaching out to rest them on the sides of my arms. “Mr. Holmes, there are...rumours,” he whispered, his cheeks darkening with shame. “There are rumours of...men in the forest.”
“I’ll come there. I don’t think it’s wise for either of you to leave Baker street at the moment,” he says quietly.
Scoffing at him, I snap, “Don’t feign ignorance. You’re much smarter than people think, and you certainly aren’t going to trick
The cat leapt onto the table, a surprising feat given his size, and walked straight up to John to peer into his face.
I push past him, knocking our shoulders together. “John is at least as skilled as five of your pathetic medical staff.” He grabs at my elbow, stopping me in my tracks. Yanking away with enough force to nearly unbalance me, I glower and demand, “
Lunging for him, I reply, “Don’t be an idiot,” and throw him onto the bed before slowly lumbering over him, taking care with my injured leg. “I was merely admiring you and revelling in the fact that
As I wandered through his house, confirming my suspicions about his personality, I happened upon a hunting cap that had fallen on the floor and was tucked behind a small wardrobe.
Backing up, John shook his head slowly. “Mebbe, but noo, aam leavin’ ye. An, Ah willnae come back thes time.”
resist it. The bus will arrive in thirty seconds. We have exactly 45 minutes, and then the bus to your maths exam arrives and you will make it with plenty of time.”
Another groan and I’m out of the bed, rolling my shoulders and cracking my back as I shake the last bit of sleep from my bones. My clothing, which should have been littered all over the floor after I pulled it off last night, is folded neatly and stacked on top of the wardrobe. The sight of it gives me pause; Sherlock must have done it. Another oddly considerate thing, especially for him. Snatching my pants off the top, I yank them on and consider the rest of my clothes before shrugging and heading to the doorway. I hate wearing clothing twice. Reminds me too much of being on tour in the desert, where water may as well be gold and washing clothing more than once a month is a luxury only afforded by the wealthy elite.
Okay, last thing: Beta_Jawn has some new art she is finishing up for this story, and I will post it as new chapters when it's done so you can all come see it! She is working on a beautiful "cover" for the story, a stunning smut piece, and some fluff. I'm so excited to see them done!!
“There,” he says, bringing a hand up to brush my hair out of my eyes. “Warmer?” I nod once, eyes caught tracing the various lines of his weathered face. “Hm?” he asks.
He meets my gaze, face softening when he sees how distressing this situation is for me. I need to protect him, to keep him safe from this monster. He’s obviously so affected by what happened between them--perhaps if I understood, if I
. Sentiment is loathsome, yet I flock to it like cocaine. It heightens my senses, intensifies the meaning of everything I do and think. My sentiment-fueled guilt led me to write these letters to him, and as he stares at them on the table I struggle with the horror that he may yet turn away from me upon reading them. I was writing to him as a way to finally say the words I’d been hiding from everyone, including myself, for years. He needed to know and I needed to tell him. So I wrote it down in these letters for him; a way to set the record straight between us, to announce to the world that I, Sherlock Holmes, love John Watson. I have always loved him, in the depths of my very DNA--if DNA could love. Impossible, but poetic. An interesting notion. John’s capacity for affecting me so profoundly is impressive, and at times,
“No.” John pulled away, extracting himself from the seemingly endless limbs of his roommate. “Absolutely not. I have to go to class.” He grabbed his bag from the floor and walked to the door, ready to leave, but something inside him softened. Turning back, he shouldered his bag and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s torso, pulling him close. The two kissed, a soft and tender thing that threatened to buckle John’s knees. “Have a good day,” he whispered as they touched foreheads. “I’ll see you tonight.”
“Detective Inspector Lestrade’s team tracked Moran’s path from the warehouse for quite a while until it’s clear he got into a car. He obviously had help, as the injuries from Doctor Watson’s
held him captive that day seemed particularly concerned about the trees. Or did they? John found the more time he spent in the wood, the more uncertain he was.
, but I know that’s just my overactive amygdala. I need to stay here. I need to breathe. I can’t run from him, not now. Running will only make things worse for me and...for us.
Suddenly, Mycroft is beside me, a soft grip on my elbow. “John,” he begins quietly, lips close to my ear. “You forget your appearance. Perhaps you ought to go home and get washed up before returning. I’ll keep you informed of his status--”
. I want to be the only thing he sees when he wakes up. I want to be the first person to watch those icy blue-green eyes open and come into focus, come back to life. I’m still
Earlier, he texted me and asked permission to come by Baker street for tea. I reminded him that it is absurd to ask permission, as this will always be a home to him. He read my reply, though he didn’t respond. He often doesn’t, especially when I make it known how important he is to me. Perhaps he doesn’t know what to say. (Perhaps he doesn’t believe me.) It isn’t worth mentioning, though part of me wishes he would say something,
A quick look around the trail and he found a suitable tree, one with a hefty branch bent at a right angle to the trunk, high enough off the ground to do the job. He pulled the rope from his pocket and tossed it over the branch, hanging from both ends briefly to test the strength of the wood. It held, and his lips curled into a private, resigned smile. He tied it off quickly and made a loop on the end with a slip knot. Stepping back, he admired his quick handiwork, then nodded and turned towards the dark path that led off into the wood.
Today, though, his routine was interrupted. The landline that he kept in the kitchen for emergencies rang just as he was thinking about heading outside, startling both him and Mycroft so much that the cat dug his claws into John’s thighs and growled. Cursing, he scooped the cat off his lap and walked over to the phone, rubbing the punctures on his thigh. The phone rang again, and John eyed it suspiciously. No one had his number, and he liked it this way. In the decade he’d lived there, the phone hadn’t rang once. He had forgotten it existed.
The gurgle of his stomach brought him back from the brink of doubt, leading him to turn away from the darkened depths of the wood toward the grey dawn flooding the Highland countryside. In the distance, he could make out the blurred shapes of his cattle as they moved sluggishly across the bleak field, searching for scraps of green in the picked over earth. He walked towards his home, hoping he still had some steel cut oats left in the tin.
Arriving at the warehouse again brings with it flashes of hazy, frustrating memories: the pile of chocolate wrappers coated in mercury, the flashlights of the Met sergeants as they searched in the rooms nearby, two terrified children huddling in the dark. And then, more recently, John on his knees with a bloodied face, begging to die. My stomach twists, bringing a wave of nausea as I shake my head to clear the thoughts. I need to focus. Moran won’t be here,
He misinterpreted my reaction, thought he was overwhelming me and quickly apologized. John is a man of honor, of integrity, and it’s likely he was afraid of taking advantage of me in my inebriated state. I should have said something to quell his fears, yet my throat was unbearably tight and my mouth was dry. I suppose I
For now, I intend on spending the afternoon in the marketplace, getting to know the villagers better. There is an air in this town of dis-ease, a feeling of paranoia that is preventing me from gathering the information I need to continue my investigation. I am too much a stranger for the people here. Though I loathe creating social connections, it seems necessary in this environment if I am going to be successful in determining the true story of the man’s disappearance.
follow our lead. Don’t go running off, and don’t be an idiot. We don’t need another life or death situation on our hands,” he instructs firmly. Sherlock rolls his eyes and perches on the arm of his chair with a snort. “I mean it. I don’t particularly like restraining my mates.” He glances at me briefly, apology encompassing his features. I watch as his eyes flit to the kitchen, eyebrows crinkling the skin between them as he frowns. “You two going to open those anytime soon?” He cocks his head to the table, overflowing with post.
Sinking to sit on his bed, I watch as he removes his dressing gown, hanging it on a hook inside his wardrobe. The lines of his back are exceptionally defined from the past eight months of intense field work and less than adequate nutrition. My gaze is drawn to the cords of muscle in his neck, rolling over each other as he shrugs into his purple button down, snapping the collar into place. He finishes buttoning it and pulls a pair of trousers out with a sigh. “Will you?” he asks quietly over his shoulder, indicating the slacks in his hand with a cock of the head.
My fake Sherlock was there, too, watching from over Moran’s shoulder. His face was sad, pitying, as he watched me bleed and groan in pain from what felt like everywhere on my body. I felt so sick, so
My ears are hot, the blood pounding heavily in them. Around me, the room loses focus as I grip the back of my chair and stare at the ceiling. I can’t look at that face,
I blink, and time leaps forward. Moriarty has just walked out the door, having called off the snipers after threatening me. My feet carry me immediately to John before I can stop myself, hands trembling as they roam all over him, yanking and pulling at the explosive vest as quickly as I’m able. It’s not fast enough, and I curse myself for such inadequacy.
I crossed the distance between us and took his face in my hands, my thumbs brushing over those ridiculous cheekbones while I smiled down at him.
The fae narrowed his eyes, continuing his gradual walk towards the man. “You begged me. You pleaded with me to take you. This is the thanks I get?!” he growled, his face contorted in a scowl. “I took care of you. I gave you pleasure and took you away from the empty void that
“A man disappeared while on a hunting trip in these woods. What do you know of him?” I took a few steps towards his house, keeping him in my periphery while examining the trees. (A comfortable composition of beech, oak, and pine, as one would expect for this area of Germany.)
John’s eyes widened and he glanced down at his bag. “Well, technically, no. It was an extra night of drills set up by the team captain. We have a game in about a week, so...I could always text him and say I have some studying to do…” His hand dug into the side of his bag, pulling out his phone and tapping out a quick message. The signature
With an exaggerated step into the room, he drops his gaze from mine and strides into the kitchen, dropping the bag of takeaway on the table. John turns and grabs two plates from the cupboard along with two forks from the drawer, and pulls out the containers of food. The smell of basil, lime, and chilli permeates the flat, drawing me to my seat and making my mouth water.
“I don’t know if that will be necessary, mate,” I say quietly, holding the doctor’s gaze. He looks towards Mycroft, clearly seeking direction. Mycroft, his lips pursed, nods once. The
with my fingernails cutting crescent moons into the skin stretched over Sherlock’s shoulder blades while he takes me in hand and sucks hickies onto my neck, our panting and moaning the only sounds filling his quiet bedroom.
I place my palms against the brick and give two more swift kicks before resting my aching foot, breathing ragged while I hang my head and calm down. My cheeks are buzzing with the heat of my increased blood pressure, muscles still tense from the flood of adrenaline during my assault.
. It’s bizarre, sitting next to a hospital bed with living, breathing Sherlock, covered in scruff and grime and bruises, while a clear-as-day, flawless hallucination stands above, chiding me. He stares, unblinking, and I feel the surge of my usual annoyance towards him. He won’t leave me, not now, even though I’ve asked. He’s only left me alone when...when I was drugged and beaten. When I had given up completely. When I knew my life was over. That was the only time he abandoned me, and it was probably just from the effects of the drugs rather than my mental state. I sigh, scrubbing my hands over my face and give in to my loneliness and base desire for socialization. “Yeah, but when you wake--”
“Holmes.” Though everything was falling into place, Sherlock still didn't want to believe his eyes. It couldn't be true, and yet... here they were.
A knot worked its way into his throat, causing him to cough. Swallowing around it, he pulled back just enough to look at the glassy-eyed man. “A trade? Giv me yoors first?” he suggested, hating the way his gaze traveled down the angular features of the man. “An’ lit me doon, woods ye?” He looked down at his feet, eyebrows hiking up his forehead with expectation.
,” she echoed, cheeks pinking even more. “I'm Molly. It's nice to finally meet you,” she added eagerly.
of this--the fingers in the crisper, the blood on the floor, the holes in the wall and the 2am violin music caterwauling through the flat. The yelling. The drugs busts. The madman with the patience of a toddler. The genius who sees everything and knows how it fits together. The machine--no, the
, replaying it over and over in his head like a record skipping. The tips of the man’s canines extended below his top lip, peeking out with the barest hint of threat. They were
She smiled again, eyes softening. “You're the farmer on the edge of town,” she said. “Mr. Watson, right?”
“Shhhh, Sherlock. It’s okay. I’m here. Rest, okay?” I whisper soothingly, reaching over with my free hand to stroke his hair. His head heavy, he leans into my touch, eyes finally sliding shut.
! I'm not made of bloody glass Sherlock. Remember what happened the last time you kept me out of the loop?! I'm not going through that again!”
If John had a mirror, he wouldn’t have needed it to know that the color drained completely from his face. He wasn’t necessarily...
He eased his eyes open and looked down the path through the birch trees. Scanning for signs of his previous markings, he was unsurprised to find none engraved in the bark. Whoever...or
“So, like I told your brother, Moran had help leaving the warehouse. John did a number on him, and they didn’t make it far before getting into a car. We’ve finally gotten the CCTV trail mapped out. They went to some underground medical establishment to get patched up. A few days later the same car left and...well...you aren’t going to believe this,” Lestrade says, rubbing the back of his neck.
He schools his features into a perfectly blank slate and stares coolly at me, leisurely blinking like a lazy cat. “Obviously.”
“I assume you’re not here alone. Probably impossible to move much on your own, hm?” I taunt, willing him to refocus on me. Sherlock must know we’re in here and he’s waiting for our backup before they burst in, ready to make the arrest.
The world narrows to this single point of contact, vision blacking at the edges and focused, a tunnel, on his soft, manicured fingers touching me. My heart rate skyrockets, blood pounding in my ears as every military instinct in me overrides any conscious thought, hijacking my movements and reacting violently to the intrusion. I snatch his hand away by the wrist, forceful enough to bruise immediately, and twist his arm around behind him before slamming his chest against the nearest wall. He gasps, breath shuddering through him, while I press into his back.
The kettle whistle jolts us both, him dropping his arms immediately while I nearly jump out of my skin like a teenager who’s been caught watching porn. Before he can catch my eye, I turn and busy myself with the tea. He was clearly imagining dancing with
As the door swings open, my speculation falls silent. His request is written all over his face, whispered in the creases of his pants and the flex of his fingers at his side.
. Neither of us will concede, John,” I argue, squeezing soap onto the cloth and lathering it quickly over my shoulders and chest. “You know that as well as I. Hence, irrelevant. Useless.
“He refuses to listen to my lectures too,” Mycroft replies with a smirk. “Perhaps you two really are meant for each other after all.”
“Sherlock.” In the dim light of the warehouse, John’s face looks drawn and weathered, his hair dull and more grey than usual. His shoulders are thrown back, his stance attentive yet also relaxed--the soldier, ready for battle. The vein in his forehead pulses beneath his skin, the only evidence of his heightened state. John’s eyes are hooded in shadow, yet I can just make out his pupillary dilation from this distance, eclipsing his irises and turning his eyes nearly black. Water is dripping nearby from a hole in the roof--leftover rain from last night’s storm, still winding its way down into the building. I can barely hear the hushed tones of Mycroft divvying up the remaining offices to Anthea and Lestrade, before Anthea speaks quietly over a walkie to get updates from the staff guarding the exits.
It felt almost like an addiction, and he realised that he should try to wean himself off it now as the situation was threatening to become even worse if he didn’t, and yet he couldn’t force himself to do that as he still longed to be with Sherlock for the limited amount of time that was left.
Because from that lingering finger close to the radius point to suddenly being placed more modestly higher up on the ulna is trying to tell John something while his mind can’t manage to wrap itself around what exactly it is that he is seeing.
, are they? Like the one who just abducted your precious brother straight under your nose! Yes, I can see all that surveillance working out really nice and effectively for you!”
Sherlock took a final drag of his cigarette and then went over to window where he stumped it out against the white pane. Other marks of the same discoloration told John that he must have done this in here on several occasions before, probably to his brother’s utter chagrin.
Mycroft claimed the car had not been sent by Magnussen, but what else could Sherlock have been up to if not chasing after his latest target of interest? John knew for a fact that he had no other cases going at the moment.
John watched him intently and actually thought it looked as if Sherlock was physically ill, running a fever or something worse. But Victor either did not notice or did not care, the kiss intensified, and he squeezed his hand possessively at the nape of Sherlock’s neck while John felt his fists tightening under the table at the sight of it.
“A poor one assumingly, but that doesn’t really answer my question of how you knew something had happened to him.”
And as if on demand, Dr Roylott grabbed a firmer hold of the poker and then, without any visible effort, he bent it in the middle, in an open display of physical strength ,meant to intimidate his guest, before he threw it down on the carpet between them.
He couldn’t lie convincingly, never had managed it properly, not even the occasional fib growing up, and right now, with a game at this level where everyone else were several steps ahead of him, he realised that he probably never had a chance of managing to fool someone like Magnussen. It had been pointless all along, just a futile attempt at holding on to something that never had any hope of success.
But a quick look at Dr Roylott who stood huffing, fury evident in his features, fists raised, told him that it was he who was the culprit.
“I expect you to snap out of this deplorable state as quickly as possible, I’m not allowing you to worm yourself out of our agreement by drugging yourself into immobility. I want my pound of flesh as has been promised.”
The man pointing, he recognised as a supervisor named Mr Rudd who was seldom seen on the work floor with the others but rather kept to himself in his office. John had not dealt with him personally but had seen him during staff meetings and heard him talk about safety regulations once or twice.
“I have no idea what you’re referring to...” John began but Magnussen merely tutted at his feeble effort at playing ignorant.
“It’s not a twist of fate that decides what is meant to be. People make those decisions perfectly well on their own.”
And if Magnussen was to be believed, there seemed to have been plenty of lines crossed between them already. No wonder Dr Watson was ready to unravel by the seams with such a deceitful lover.
As the initial annoyance was beginning to ebb out, he could even see the slight humour in Sherlock producing his own lubricant based on some ill-advised words from Mycroft.
There was a flicker of light coming from a room to their left and as Dr Roylott was still standing behind him by the front door, unmoving, Sherlock drew the conclusion himself and turned towards the invitingly open door where the light was coming from.
It became quiet for a while, long enough for Mycroft to begin to wonder if his question was going to remain unanswered.
He did not intend to go back to work upon his return this time, instead he was going to write up a fake report to send to Mycroft, take a shower and then enjoy a long restful nap.
Even if Mycroft was well aware of his brother’s knowledge in the art of seduction to a certain extent, flaunting what other people desired to get what he wanted, Mycroft had always believed that there was a limit to how far his brother was actually willing to go, especially as he so ardently declared that the matter of love and sex was not really his area of interest.
Mycroft frowned at this reaction and walked over to the table where he had a water bottle and a larger towel waiting for him. Normally he would have been on his way to the shower by now, but he was hardly going to undress while his brother was leaning against the door frame nonchalantly, hands in his pockets of the same suit he had been dressed in last night. He must have opted to go straight here after finishing with Magnussen, without stopping by Baker Street first.  Unfortunately, as so often was the case with his brother, Sherlock was trying to act coy, as he always tended to do when he possessed information he knew that Mycroft wanted.
“We should switch vehicles. Taking the car to our destination is going to take some time and I have a much faster method of transportation at my disposal, “he said without turning away from the window he had been looking through during the whole journey. He was sitting as far away from Mycroft as possible, although if that was intentional was difficult to say. It felt like it should have been the other way around, with Mycroft shying away from his presence, but Magnussen had apparently beaten him to the punch.
does not seem too alien to you these days, little brother. He did after all manage to worm his way into what I always thought was a hollow cavity but instead turned out to be the equivalent of a beating heart buried inside of you. I don’t believe I have seen that side of you for years. Not since…Well, no need to get into that, we all know how that ended.”
Despite the rush of adrenaline that surges through him in the face of action, there are limits to what he is willing to endure, and a line is strictly drawn when it comes to the safety of his flatmate.
“Now, I won’t keep you any longer. It was a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance, Dr Watson, and I’m looking forward to your presence at the dinner party on Saturday. I’m sure Sherlock will be pleased to hear that you’re coming as well.”
Sher gave John a questioning look, as if she found it hard to believe that any sister of his would attract the attention of her enigmatic former fiancé.
The actual house was surrounded by a few plain-looking beeches as well as the hint of a garden that stretched out at the back, but the main impression was that not a single detail was particularly memorable and that the whole place almost looked empty. Not so much as a bird in sight.
John brough out a small torch and pried one of the eyes open, immediately struck by the size of the pupil, smaller than normal even considering that light was being aimed straight at it.
For a second he had contemplated just showing up, performing his duties and then leave, because at the end of the day his own career was still at stake and if Sherlock had used him for his own agenda, why shouldn’t he return the favour?
If anything Sherlock seemed numb and unable to act and those dark smouldering eyes in his angular face burned like furnaces while his cheeks glowed even more than earlier and John was forcefully reminded once more of why he actually hated Victor Trevor with all his heart.
In his mind he would always be the incorrigible little brother with the wild hair and equally wild temperament that made Mycroft’s life a never ending string of headaches and worry, but at the same time he was the only person Mycroft actually cared for.
Then he leaned in and began to suck on John’s throat, scraping his teeth slightly against the sensitive skin while his hands deftly dealt with unbuttoning Johns trousers.
“Although it never was his favourite way of administering drugs, he occasionally snorted back at university. It caused him terrible nosebleeds, so he stopped doing it, but who knows, maybe he’s less concerned about ruining his septum these days,” Mycroft dryly commented, standing behind John’s back, peering over his shoulder at his wayward little brother, hands crossed over his chest in a protective stance.
John turned for the door, an eagerness already evident in his step now that he knew that his role wasn’t over and done with just because their recent adventure was wrapped up and finished.  The realisation that Sherlock was just as eagerly awaiting
Magnussen was a cunning character and not even Sherlock or Mycroft had so far managed to beat him. Was this really going to work on a man so devious that two geniuses had so far failed in all their efforts?
“So, is this enough for you to be willing to offer me something for it? If I corroborate my story with proof?”
It wasn’t particularly chilly but he felt uncomfortably exposed and drew his own night gown closer around himself. He had a pyjama underneath as well, he was properly shielded from any draft or cold in the house and yet it didn’t feel like it.
But no use harping on about something that couldn’t be changed, so instead he told himself to make the best of an evening he did not know what to expect from, have a few drinks and eat some good food, look at the rich people they way you went to the zoo to look at exotic animals and just treat this like a social experiment he had accepted to be a part of and now had to suffer the consequences of, depending on what Victor Trevor had in store to shove in his face.
he had asked less than ten minutes ago and he had sensed that the question had come too late. Now, everything was beyond salvation.
“There is no need for gratitude, I’m being handsomely paid for my work.” John sourly remarked, because the last thing he wanted was to be treated like some charity case that would jump at the opportunity to be invited to sit  at the fancy table for one evening like some measly peasant allowed to share a meal with nobility.
“Oh, nothing too elaborate really. Answer a few of my questions and in return earn some money to get out of your predicament while simultaneously get back at them for what they have put you through. It could give you the perfect opportunity to start anew, in London perhaps. Or return to your hometown? There could be better options for you if you consider my offer.”
“In less than two months the day I have been waiting for is upon us at last and a person I always hoped would one day be mine will be so in the eyes of the law as well as in the eyes of the church, cementing the final proof of him belonging to me and me alone wholeheartedly.”
“To Sherlock and Victor! May your marriage prove to be as exciting as your courtship has been for us all to witness.”
Somewhere in the distance a bird cried out and the sound of its hollow shriek emphasized the quietness that stretched between them and that fact that they were standing outside in the dark in the middle of the night, John with bare feet in the grass, dressed in only his boxers and a worn T-shirt, Sherlock with the lake glimmering behind his back, black and ominous like a large bottomless crater of tar, it all made for a strange and gloomy background.
He has seen it in movies, read about it in books, occasionally seen it in other people, the panic, grief and despair of losing someone you love and he had done his best to mimic those telling signs, but clearly overdone it.
It appeared to be some sort of office and would surely have been a better option for keeping secrets than the living room.
Even Mycroft looked appalled by the demanding tone from Magnussen, despite being a person who never tolerated resistance himself. The bane of his life being that his own little brother was the one who constantly gave it to him.
“You know that you can’t possibly shoot me, right? The police would be here in an instant if a gun was fired in a place like this.”
Mycroft gave him one of those penetrating stares and did not reply, causing John to fear that Holmes senior perhaps could see what his intentions with Sherlock were and it made John grab a firmer hold of his medical bag that he still carried with him, more out of pretence than anything else, as if the mere presence of it would convince anyone that his intentions were purely professional.
John feels his shackles rise for a second, because he hasn’t demanded a damn thing out of this man except for him to find Sherlock and so far those demands have not been met with satisfying results.
Who was to say that Magnussen didn’t know very well where Sherlock was and had simply come along to take suspicions off himself?
As expected, Magnussen did not appreciate being stood up and at a quarter to ten Sherlock’s phone suddenly started ringing.
“But I don’t understand how this could have happened? Where did he get the drugs? Why wasn’t he more closely supervised? I thought your house was a veritable Fort Knox! Wasn’t that the very reason why he stayed with you until our wedding?”
But another thought was just as persistently nagging at the back of his head while he was fighting his feelings of rage. What if Sherlock truly was in danger?
He would hardly be able to use Sherlock against Magnussen after tonight, too much information was out in the open and Sherlock’s identity as well as his relationship status were no longer a well-kept secret.
Sherlock sighed and put out the cigarette, grinding the stump against the windowpane. It would leave a mark to go with all the other marks he had created around the house. It annoyed Mycroft, but not enough to bother with a sermon, not at this hour.
“A chemist who knows how to experiment with different ways of administering drugs to leave as little physical evidence as possible. And besides, this is all a guessing game, I have no idea if it’s morphine, heroin, cocaine or whatever other drug he might have decided to take!”
But despite managing to keep the photos hidden inside his pocket, there were other ways to provoke if one wanted to, and apparently the media mogul was jealous enough of John’s perceived position in Sherlock’s life to stoop to such tactics.
But when he considered the fact that he was not going to meet Sherlock until next week and he would be left with his tortuous thoughts about their continuing relationship for several days, the opportunity to at least see Sherlock, was too tempting to turn down.
Without saying too much, Mycroft had hinted that Sherlock was still feeling unwell and was bedridden, unfortunately making it impossible for Victor to stop by for a visit and this had clearly displeased Victor very much.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes even further, a sharp response about to spill out of his mouth when he suddenly changed his mind and dramatically turned away from  Mycroft in a clearly dismissal gesture instead. As if to bring home that point he also draped himself deeper into his blanket.
There were servants passing by with trays of champagne and he acquired himself a glass while he entered a room where yet another disturbing painting took focus, this one depicting a young naked man chained to a bed with a shadowy-looking faceless figure dressed in dark robes looming over him, his hand reaching out in an ominous way towards the exposed throat.
So instead of going to Magnussen’s office where the man was probably busy looming over his staff as these controlling men tended to do, Sherlock decided to take a cab to the address where they had last been together.
Mycroft shook his head at this and the grip around the wrist intensified. It was tempting to pull his hand away but that would indicate that this scrutiny bothered him, so Sherlock allowed it despite the actual pain it caused.
But somehow he must have been informed anyway because the card attached to the bouquet had his distinctive expressions written upon it, the words
“Brother? I’m afraid I don’t see the family resemblance. But I have of course heard of you, Mr Holmes. The
A test did not protect anyone though, it was only a way of finding out if a person was infected or not, so the first theory was perhaps a bit more likely. If Mycroft had wanted to prevent Sherlock from catching a sexually transmitted disease, he was smart enough to know that other precautions needed to be made to avoid that from happening.
“I have as of yet not managed to get you brother to join me for a meal, despite many frequent efforts. He has quite the disposition of switching simultaneously between hot and cold at the blink of an eye it seems.”
It was disconcerting to watch the man that had held Sherlock and Mycroft’s fates in his hands so tightly, now incapacitated and limp on the bed, half naked, glasses crooked, utterly vulnerable and defenceless.
Dr Roylott opened his mouth as if to say something when Magnussen opened the large window to prepare for his exit, but then decided against it and remained quiet.
One recurring disagreement between them, stemming so far back as Sherlock’s university days, was his brother’s childish wish to become a consulting detective.
As much as he hated the idea, especially after everything Sherlock had told him about the man and his too persistently sexual advances, it was clear that the lunch offer needed to be accepted if they were going to get anywhere with Magnussen, and as he contemplated how he was going to make Sherlock accept that invitation, he gathered his towel and the water bottle before exiting the room.
“As the inhabitant I’m interest in, is not inside at the moment, there is no reason for me to join you,” Magnussen said airily, as if he had been invited to begin with.
In a gesture of faux camaraderie, he tilted forward towards John and lowered his voice to a theatrical whisper, winking with one eye as he added:
“Do you know how close it was that you actually died today and no one would have would have been able to help you as you had once again sneaked out without permission and abandoned all sense of security!”
They remained lying on the floor for another ten minutes, just enjoying the proximity to one another while the silence of the house settled around them and the sun sent rays of light through the lace curtain in the window that created intricate shadowy patterns on the carpet.
Magnussen’s indifferent attitude towards their predicament apparently wasn’t shared by Dr Roylott who instead felt provoked by it as he twisted his head and snarled:
“Ah, still feisty despite your pitiable state. I like that about you, Sherlock, always ready to put up a fight until you draw your last breath. Just make sure that it doesn’t happen sooner than you think, as I’m not done enjoying you yet. And Victor is hardly ready to become a widower before he’s even had the pleasure of having you as his husband. At least think of us, if you neglect to think of yourself.”
Still reeling from all this information and his own feelings of failure, John could do nothing but angrily lash out.
“That’s the gist of it, I think. If you have other things you consider to be unclear, feel free to voice them.”
The standstill was interrupted by the doctor suddenly turning away, walking over to the fireplace, leaving Sherlock to follow his movements with curiosity.
As he came close enough he raised his head to look up at the large window where he expected to see Sherlock sitting, waiting for him as he usually did, like he had been doing so many times in the past. Different dressing gown every time, but always that look of anticipation in his eyes.
“Nothing unusual, but don’t let him manipulate you into doing anything beyond your medical duties and don’t believe everything he tells you, his imagination has always been decidedly vivid. And try not to be too offended by his way of speaking, it’s mostly bark and no bite even if his tongue is considered razor-sharp. My brother has received his education from a few of the finest schools in the country and yet managed to sail through without learning any basic social rules at all when it comes to interacting with other people. Many consider him to be quite eccentric, but I guess that depends on what you expect people to be like. My suggestion is that you focus solely on your duties and less on trying to grasp what kind of person he is and try to remember where your loyalties are in this matter.”
As he walked down the stairs toward the front door to let himself out, thinking about the waste of time the clutter of emotions always tended to have on other people, there was the distinct tone of an incoming message on his phone and he pulled it out to look at it.
It had been Anderson’s first case since being back on the force after the whole Moriarty/Richard Brook fiasco. John had not expected to see him grace another crime scene ever again, but Sherlock had been surprisingly calm about it. Maybe there was a truth in what Lestrade had once said about him, that he liked to have all the familiar faces around.
Opposite them Mycroft was seated and then the rest of the guests were scattered around the table, all of them unknown to John. He looked for an empty seat to claim but Magnussen’s hand touched his arm and directed him towards the seat next to Mycroft, opposite Sherlock and Victor.
The issue of his drug abuse had not been touched upon by either of them, but Sherlock was right when he said that it had not left John’s mind even if he had failed to address it yet.
“Well, mostly because I pretty soon began to fear for your safety. You have heard what I have told you about Victor, and about Magnussen, and you have also had the displeasure of actually meeting them. Surely you realise how reckless it would have been of me to drag you into this mess. And now I have gone ahead and done it anyway.”
He loved Sherlock, had done so for a very long time and a night of selfishly reckless behaviour from the man wouldn’t change that fact.
“I may go where I choose, you are foolish to be here.” He growled, smirking again. “You will belong to me again Sherlock Holmes, and this time I will burn any who dare to stand in my way.”
“A mortal male was found dead, however there is no evidence of how he was killed. He is alone in an abandoned house.”
"Hamish Gregory!" She snapped and he pouted. John and Greg burst into a huge fit of giggles, revealing themselves from behind the couch. Sherlock slowly arched himself over the back of the couch and lay down, claiming his ship for himself.
“To my Sire, my family, and my beloved I must begin this letter with an apology that will not compare to the pain you all are feeling. My beloved mate I can never salve the wound you are feeling but I hope that you understand this had to be done. The wheels of fate were driving us to this confrontation and knowing that I could give myself to protect you will be the only comfort I take in knowing I leave you in pain. Moran and Moriarty are meeting, they meet several times a day and have for the last half-year. They are planning and should they unite as they intended to before, we shall not be able to stop them. While I was captive Moran revealed much of himself to me through his blood memories. Things he otherwise would never have admitted, he is a demon in human form and he seeks to force me to aid his wicked plans. Moriarty craves you, my love, he will stop at nothing to possess you for you are the only one he feels is equal. The only way to stop them is to remove Moriarty from this life, so I must use the methods I have to do so. I have given you a sedative and my shield so that you will be protected from this. If I have succeeded you will not know I am gone until you wake and the pain of my death will never darken your heart. I have given Mycroft a Solvanaar ring in the hopes it might afford him some protection, though he has never truly been a target of their schemes. I only wish there had been a way to stop the hands of time as she drove us together to tear us apart. To stop Moriarty I have poisoned my blood and my open myself to allow him to drink of me. Tainted by the poison in my blood he will be weakened and I shall be able to end his life. If you have this letter than he was also able to end mine. I know there is danger in doing this and I can sense that I shall pass into darkness. My love, please do not let this taint your heart. Do not let your beautiful soul hide away in the darkness. Solvanaar is reborn and I shall return to you. Wait for me but a little and we will again have all the world at our feet. My Sire, trust in your love. He is strong and steady, do not take him for granted and ensure you savor every moment you share. Protect our story, keep my journals safe so I may have them again. Care for my Sherlock until my return. Care for each other. Please know that this is not the end, though it may feel as if it is. Ever yours, John Watson-Holmes.” Gregory’s voice cracked as tears ran more steadily down his cheeks. He looked up and found both of the brothers’ in various stages of devastation. Sherlock’s eyes wild and as if he was not entirely in the room. Gregory tried to find something to say but could not force his voice out.
“That won’t be necessary,” He laughed. “I know fair well that John has had an interest in you for some time now. You have my approval.” He smiled at John, offering only a nod.
“And you have carried this knowledge in your heart for nearly a century.” Sherlock whispered, his hand slowly coming up to cup John’s cheek. He could not find the words he needed to express to John what he was. They simply did not exist. “Though I do not deserve it, will you allow me to court you again? To rebuild our love?”
“We’ve seen a lot of activity around three warehouses by various members of a gang that she seems to be in contact with. So we’re fairly certain that one of them is the base of operations.” Lestrade set a case file on the table. "So I want you to tell me what they're planning to do with all of this stuff they've been loading up the last few days." Lestrade crossed his arms.
"Don't," His breath drifted across John's ear, his tone almost pleading. "Don't shove your feelings away. You being able to feel is what I need most of all right now. I need you to feel these things, John. I need you to show me how to feel. I love you. I promise you once we're safely at the estate I will tell you what I know about the situation." John tried to focus on his voice. "I'm not going anywhere, not without you. Not ever again." Sherlock's voice wavered though he tried to keep it steady, his own emotion breaking through. He whispered his words to John, not pulling away.
"Not entire," John mumbled. "Georgina, James' wife is still alive and James had a nephew he left everything to." John's voice held sentiment, it intrigued Sherlock but he knew John well enough to realize he wasn't about to get answers.
“Sh… Sherlock.” John groaned, grabbing for the other but Sherlock slipped out of his grasp. Sherlock crawled back down the bed, determination clear as he watched every movement his lover made.
"The herb..." John grunted, clawing Mycroft's back as he shouted. "Please!" He whimpered and thrashed.
“Come now, how about we go to bed?” The mender stood, letting his book slide to the floor and reaching out for his lover, the wink he gave the other completely unnecessary as Sherlock was moving before the book hit the floor.
Several days passed before the pair resurfaced. Mycroft visited them a few times but their conversations were short and generally focused on how John's health was recovering. When Sherlock and John finally came out of their hiding it was to face the news that John's cousin was preparing to officially wed Moriarty, which meant a series of social engagements would soon befall them. John was summoned to the Duke's almost immediately following the announcement of the impending wedding to assist his cousin in her tasks, leaving the brothers at the Holmes Estate to contend with their emotions. Mycroft refused to speak to Sherlock on his feelings for John and as far as Sherlock knew he had not approached John either.
But a block away just inside a doorway they saw the one reporter they expected, Kitty Riley. A smirk fixed on her face as she snapped away with her camera. Sherlock turned his head and directed John to the car. The two of them getting in and remaining silent for the moment.
"Georgina is throwing a party for the Order this evening. She invited us and told me to bring Mycroft if you couldn't make it." Sherlock said strolling over and throwing himself down over the couch.
“Gregory, I do not know if I may do so. There are questions you wish to ask that I am not sure I wish to answer.” He sighed, running a hand over his face. Gregory was clearly not to be distracted however and he continued.
"We dispatched a letter to your Uncle for approval, if he concedes you will be dismissed from us at once." There in that tone were the words John had expected. The disappointment finally replaced with pride. Tentative pride that was aimed more at the potential fortune and connection the name Holmes would provide John's adoptive family and none saved for the man himself. His father had never before been proud to call him his son. He was far too ordinary.
long thought dead." He crossed his hands over the top of his umbrella, leaning forward. His attention completely focused on John. Mycroft did nothing to mask his intentions or his meaning and John was somewhat flustered.
“Sherlock, please…” John whispered, trying to make the other leave. He couldn’t bear this. Hearing those words without the magnitude of feeling that should have been behind them was gravely painful. “You cannot.”
Mycroft watched silently as John clutched at Sherlock. The two of them whispering words that even he could not hear. He was about to approach when Sherlock turned his head ever so slightly and glared at him, his look giving the other pause. After a long moment Sherlock pulled back and gently swept John’s hair out of his eyes, a soft smile blooming as the two finally gazed in eyes unfettered by lost memories and pain. John was nearly delirious, still partially unsure that this was real and not some imagining of his. Nothing meant more to him then seeing Sherlock truly looking at him, with love, adoration, and the memories that had for so long been blocked. Sherlock however, felt how John shivered and knew that his mate was on the brink of exhaustion. Just from observing him, he could tell it had been some time since the mender fed last. He knew this would give him the moment he needed to speak the words on his mind to his brother without the mender hearing such a harsh exchange.
to help you let out these feelings. You haven't been to therapy since she told you to move out of the flat, so you've just held all of this inside. It's killing you." His voice was the same he used when he analyzed a crime scene. John's mouth tightened, he was analyzing him
“Are you finally considering my offer? Oh, that would be so lovely if you would. I promised to repay you for what you have done for me and I intend to make good on it. Please just come when you are ready. I shall be here.” She smiled broadly, and it had taken John longer than he expected to realize that she was a vampire like they were, only turned when she was much older.
- a woman whose mind was so like Sherlock's she stole his attention from the very man who stood beside him, the man who would never let him fall.
"Just a moment!" He smirked, slowly extracting his hands from John's shirt, but wrapping one tightly in his hair. "It's half one now, we're leaving for dinner before seven. I will be downstairs if you need me." Sherlock pulled on John's hair hard, kissing him and gently biting his bottom lip before pulling away. He gave John a simmering stare and then fixing a smile on his face bounded downstairs to talk to their land lady.
"It's okay, I know you have to get better first." He hummed happily as John ran his hands through his hair, snuggling him closer.
"I don't think I will ever get used to how incredibly arousing it is to hear you announce details about a crime scene." Sherlock whispered nuzzling over his ear. "You've gotten so much better lately... Even noticing things I miss." He was purring the compliments into John's ear, making him shiver.
? It demanded to know how Sherlock could stand there feeling those things and still keep secrets from John.
“You are my husband; at least one of us should act like that. Do you not think so?” Sherlock said softly, but his tone held some anger still.
"A knife, Sherlock?" John grunted but Sherlock simply smirked. John sighed with displeasure but Sherlock kept smirking.
"No you haven't." He chuckled slightly. He narrowed his gaze on her, a sneer crossing his face. He quickly shifted his eyes as he analyzed her.
"Where is your mate? We need to plan for the engagement dinner." Mycroft snapped and Sherlock's rage instantly filled the room.
"Oh yes, please." Her smile broadened and she moved over to sit at the table, giving Sherlock answers to his questions as he went through the papers.
"Yes, I asked if it was alright for me to join you. Where was your mind?" He asked softly, one hand reaching up to touch his cheek.
“You did come,” John growled, closing the door behind him and standing strong as the man turned to face him.
Mycroft could think of nothing except the mender in his arms. He gently caressed John’s cheek, frowning when he felt how cold the other was. He dashed down the stairs with him, through the birthing chamber and into the room with the large tub. He gently set John down and dashed off, returning with a glass of bloodwine that he gently provided the mender. He nursed him through several glasses before stripping and taking John into the bath. He cleaned him, murmuring words of gratitude and affection to him. So glad to have him back. John grunted, everything felt like a dream. He swore he heard Mycroft but his mind supplied that there was no way that could be true. Once Mycroft was sure the mender was cleaned he tended to the wounds that remained, hissing when he realized John had a scar that could only have been caused by repeated puncture with a silver dagger. He carried John into the secure room that he’d used to bring John into the vampire world and set the mender softly on the bed.
"Please just leave it for now. I promise I will tell you more later, but for now let's just not think about it. This is our first possible night alone in ages." John looked up at Sherlock smiled.
"I'm better when I'm with you." Sherlock conceded. "Mycroft even said so." His mouth fixed itself into a hard line as he admitted it. "You brought something into my life that I didn't even know I needed or wanted. You, John. Before meeting you I didn't have friends, or even colleagues. I didn't have entanglements or attachments or concerns. I didn't worry about what I said or how I said it. But suddenly here you are, dropped in my lap unceremoniously by a common acquaintance. Put right in front of me like a wall and I just kept trying to go around it. To avoid how..."
"Do not be so hasty." Sherlock teased, slipping out of his dressing robe - which was all he was wearing.
"I think I'll surprise John. He'll be delighted." Sherlock said softly, Mycroft watching him with a smirk.
They dropped Hamish off at Mycroft's at some ungodly early hour on Thursday morning, much to the displeasure of Hamish, Mycroft and John. But Sherlock was nothing but secrets and smiles. He hadn't told John a word about where they were going and he'd only backed one small suitcase for the both of them.
Unable to resist any longer, I reach for his still twitching fingers and wrap my own around them, squeezing gently. “I’m here, Sherlock. Just don’t--” The words catch in my throat, a silent plea I dare not speak aloud. He’s just woken up--it wouldn’t be fair.
He shook his head and pushed away from the table, the sick feeling in the pit of his stomach churning with the threat of upheaval. Heat crawled up the back of his neck and settled onto his cheeks, making them tingle. Snatching up his coat, he threw it on and fled to the door, again forgetting the doorknob and slamming his knuckles into the hardwood. Cursing, he corrected himself and flung open the door, practically throwing himself out of the house.
The dark trees towered over him, their craggy branches spreading like veins along the silvery skin of the late winter sky. His breath fogged in front of his face, trailing along his cheeks as he kept delving deeper and deeper into the wood. Dragging his hunting knife against a nearby tree trunk, he scored the bark, just as he had done every ten feet since entering the forest. The wind whistled above him, pulling the trees against each other so their branches scraped and scratched. John’s stomach gurgled, a reminder of his hasty and unfulfilling breakfast that morning, but he shook his head and ignored it. He had more important things to focus on.
enough for someone to be attracted to him. He liked the fact that John, after several interactions, didn’t seem repelled by his bizarre nature or standoffish attitude. Maybe John thought he was playing hard-to-get, which was absurdly inaccurate but not impossible. The truth was that his palms were sweaty, his heart shuddered, and the blood pounded in his ears every time he started walking across the green. He knew he’d see John--it had become part of their evening ritual--and he was both
He swallowed, feeling the forest swirl around him, and shut his eyes. Tears seeped out of them, fat strands trailing down his hot cheeks. Clenching his fists against his thighs, he threw his head back and howled his despair into the trees until it was lost in the wind of the storm raging around the forest.
Molly, at Lestrade’s request, brought me some toiletries and a change of clothing from home, and Mycroft secured a private shower for me. The hospital has a barber, so I was able to get my hair trimmed and beard tamed. I considered shaving it off entirely--I’ve spent most of my life clean shaven. Decided against it though, for some reason. Sherlock will probably hate it.
leave me,” he added, nipping gently. “Even if you could, you wouldn’t. What do you have to go back to?
He shifts, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth. There’s a concerned frown on his face as he stares at the floor, feet seemingly adhered to the lino in the bathroom. “I’ll just--um…” More uncomfortable fidgeting. A hand swiping across the back of his neck. Kiss swollen lips pursing into a moderate pout of uncertainty.
“I would be honored, John,” I reply sincerely, feeling the heat coloring my own face in kind. “After all, I will need someone to tend to my wound,” I comment wistfully with a shrug. He fights back a smile, lips pressed together as he glances away to hide his laugh with a cough. It’s an honest, beautiful sound that until now I hadn’t realized I’d been missing terribly.
creature like a dog on a hot day. Sharp nails dug into my overcoat, their points evident even through my several layers of clothing. A wet nose snuffled along the back of my ear, and I felt the telltale signs of fear and excitement flood my body as a tentative tongue tasted the skin behind my earlobe.
He paused, turning to glance at the fire, and answered, “No one with the exception of Watson. He lives there, though how he survives, nobody knows. Keep your distance. He doesn’t like--”
“...you don’t think so,” he replies, staring at the ceiling. Even in this state, he’s quick. It’s no wonder Sherlock likes him so much. He keeps up.
Approximately two weeks ago a man named Anderson left in the early morning on a hunting trip, and failed to return. Though initially this case seemed solvable by post alone, upon further examination of the local newspaper articles I decided to travel out to Eastern Germany myself and investigate. Anderson was portrayed as a skilled sportsman, one that had experience hunting a variety of large animals throughout Europe. Though I suppose the thrill of the chase might be enough to entice me, I have never considered hunting animals as a particularly noble past-time. That said, one detail in the information I gleaned from the newspapers caught my attention: the local blacksmith crafted
I am sure you’ve heard tales of shapeshifters, of men who can transform their visage between human and beast.
and feeling the numbing effects of sentiment as I thought of them. Naturally, the moment we share space again the fairy tale dissolves and I’m reminded yet again of reality.
I run to the opposite door, ensuring our safety, and hear him slump to the tiles, breathing ragged and uneven.
And so, I suffered the long journey to arrive in Werben. My first stop will be to the very blacksmith that crafted said bullets in the hopes that he might share with me what Anderson could have needed them for.
The scotch bottle sat on his table, calling to him. He stared, eyes tracing the clean lines of the glass, and swallowed around the knot in his throat. “Alrecht,” he nodded, then opened the liquor and tossed his head back. At least he could numb some of his pain before leaving.
“So, the message is for me, specifically?” John asks, his face screwing up into a scowl as he takes the envelope in his hands and turns it over to examine it. Sherlock watches him, unblinking, before pulling his bottom lip into his mouth to worry it between his teeth.
Amongst the crowd of villagers, a thin, lanky man stood with his back to John. Dark, familiar curls wrapped around the underside of his hat. The man reached for an apple, thin fingers digging into the red skin in a way that made John shudder.
“John, I won’t leave. Not without you,” he insists, stepping around the table and taking my hands gingerly in his to examine them. “I promised.” He presses a kiss to each of my sensitive palms and smiles.
Once the sun rose high enough in the sky to cut through the thick grey cloud cover, John would make the trek out to the barn. He crunched along the top of the snow banks with his hand-woven snowshoes, carrying a pail of water for the cows. He’d feed and water them, scratching them behind the ears and reminding them that winter doesn’t last forever. Then, he’d pull his jacket collar up around his ears and head back out into the freezing air, where his lungs burned and the hairs in his nose became stiff with frost.
key and place it in front of the lock. The door looms over me, seemingly twice as large as it usually is as I consider the weight of this moment.
He chuckles harshly and quirks an eyebrow at me. “No? I rather felt we got to know each other quite well in our time together,
Glancing at his watch, he noticed the time with a leap of his heart. He had yet to recross any of the marked trees on his journey this morning, and yet he’d been in the forbidden forest longer than he’d ever done before. The silence around him was deafening, though he barely noticed it as he plodded along, hands thrust deep into his jacket pockets to keep warm. His bones ached with the chill in the air, for this was a colder morn than they’d had in Northern Scotland since the dead of winter. His leg reminded him with each step of his warm hearth at home, the fog in his head slowly deepening until he could barely string together a simple sentence.
He waits a moment, then slaps his hands down on the arms of his chair and pushes himself to stand. “
“I...to be honest, I don’t eat much. I just wanted to spend time with you,” Sherlock admitted, feeling his cheeks heat with embarrassment.
“John--” I hear him, muffled, through the veil of the flashback. A light pressure on my shoulder--tentative, unsure. I shake my head and my vision clears. I’m back, and he’s here with those narrowed eyes,
The world pauses as I blink at his words, hanging in the air between us. He stares back, his expression both fond and
Sherlock was still grinning at him, crinkles fanning out from the corners of his eyes. Around him, the forest was blurred, the lines of the trees waving and blending together with the rest of the underbrush. As John blinked and looked around, the colors fragmented out like crystals, a kaleidoscope that slowly clicked into place. The temperature swung dramatically from sweltering to freezing, then back to the neutral, causing John to cycle between sweating and shivering. As the scenery rearranged itself, it changed into a dark, dirt-filled cave. Roots sprawled out from the roof of tunnel, poking every direction above their heads. The bizarre man seemed utterly pleased with himself as he gestured around the dim underground lair with outspread arms. Unimpressed, the scotsman fought back another wave of nausea with a full body shudder, cursing his companion for yanking him from place to place.
John finally blinked, his eyes burning from the dry, cold winter air, and the shadow was gone. His bladder screamed beneath the enormous cat on his lap, begging for relief.
The man continued, yet I did not need to hear the rest of his speech. This was a rally to war, a battle cry. He had taken what little information I provided him in my arrogance and was intending on using it justify a lynching.
“I’m no blushing virgin, John, no need to protect my virtue. You can tell me! Although you’re not usually one to kiss and tell, so I’ll have to just assume it’s going fine and leave it at that. Perhaps next time you can let me know and I’ll do my hoovering to give you boys some privacy, hm?” she adds, patting my arm tenderly.
, but I need to observe as much as possible to figure out where he’s gone. The sooner we find him, the sooner we can put this behind us and move on with our lives. The manic energy that usually fills me during the hunt thrums in my veins, though for entirely different reasons. The chase, at any other time, is the most thrilling part of our adventures, yet today...today I just want it to be over. I want to go home and curl up with John in my bed, running my fingers down his bare chest and burying my face in his neck. I want to smell nothing but his distinct musk, a purely animalistic reminder of his masculinity and the magnetic pull it has on me.
His lips twitch into a half smile, cynical. “Of course not. Flushed them. He was pissed.” He gestures to an empty part of the room, eyes resting on an unknown point. “He knew I needed them, but I didn’t...I didn’t want him to leave me,” he ends on a whisper, the corner of his eyes welling with unshed tears. “I didn’t think…”
In my mind, it’s a quiet evening at Baker street. We’ve just solved a case (double murder posing as double suicide, barely a 5) and are releasing the pent-up energy left over from the adrenaline rush of earlier by dancing together. He brings me around the room, holding me close while smiling up at me his secret, fond smile reserved only for me. Lamplight twinkles in his eyes, highlighting the golden flecks in his irises. The music flows through us both, binding us together like invisible cords. We are inseparable, joining together as a single entity entirely at the whim of the violin.
. I need to say this out loud. I’m tired of hiding these words from you. I...I need you to know,” he insists, facing me. Silent tears stream down his face, illuminated in the rhythmic flashes of streetlamps as the car continues through the busy London roads. In his weariness, John seems so much older, the bags under his eyes pronounced and the wrinkles in his forehead casting shadows on his face. I find myself longing to hold his head in my lap and draw soothing circles on his scalp until he feels calm, but now is not the time. There’s a determination in his face that keeps me still and quiet, giving him this moment, the space to say what he needs to.
Stepping between us, John raises his hands in supplication. “Alright, boys, can we drop it and go our respective ways? Thankfully we shouldn’t have to see each other again for at least 6 months.”
The flood of dopamine at his admission drowns my senses, blanketing me in a heavy warmth that settles in my very bones. The world around us dissipates. All I feel is his calloused, strong hands on my face, thumbs lovingly stroking the coarse beard hair under my cheekbones. His eyes pierce my own, and for the first time since seeing him in the warehouse, bruised and bleeding, the weight of unsaid words between us feels
bring that up?” Sherlock demands petulantly, his nose crinkling in irritation as he steps aside to give John space to stand up.
“Hm. Sure,” Mike said, suspicious but clearly giving in. “Say, you didn't happen to bring an extra pen with you, did you?”
,” I snapped, wiping my face and standing up. “Now if you’ll excuse me.” I gathered my hat and coat and walked past him to the door, intent on going to the market. I needed to gather more information about the local legends regarding shapeshifters, as these stories often have the bones of truth inside them.
“Then I shall mourn your loss, Mr. Holmes,” he said sadly. He walked away from me, heading to his office at the completion of our conversation.
. However much life can be built on a foundation of regrets, I know that an effective mind is one free from the shackles of
--an amalgamation of his convenience store cologne (British Sterling), the fabric softener in his clothes, his inexpensive cedar scented soap, and the deep musk that I’ve always found comforting and familiar about him. I release one of his hands, threading my fingers through his hair and cradling the back of his head with my palm. He leans into my touch, opening his mouth wider for me and I eagerly deepen our kiss, leisurely rubbing my tongue against his. There’s a growl of pure need in the base of his throat as he grabs my hip bone and pulls me to him roughly, pressing our chests together. John’s heart thuds heavily with mine for a moment before he yanks himself away, panting.
He blinked at me twice, then took one last deep breath before turning on his heel and weaving his way back through the forest towards his home.
. I gave up everything I had to keep you safe, even when it tore me away from you. I’ve promised you I will never leave you again, and I mean it. There is no way I could ever do that again and survive it. I just...
“John,” he responds stiffly. “Listen, I...I know it’s not an ideal time, but I’m here to take a statement from you about Moran.”
I throw back the last of the drink before chucking it in the nearby bin, and walk to take a seat by the bed. He groans, exhausted and disoriented, eyelids fluttering in an attempt to clear the haze of unconsciousness. Once they remain open, he stares up at the ceiling, breath shallow and labored. The beeping evens out before settling in the background, forgotten. John’s head lolls to the side, expression flat with the aftereffects of such a heavy dose of sedation. A glimmer of recognition passes in his eyes as he meets my gaze, the skin at the bridge of his nose wrinkling with tension.
Shrugging at his companion, John drained the rest of his beer and caught the barkeep’s attention for another. Brodie huffed to himself and purposely turned towards John, done with the game on the television.
“John, open your eyes,” I arch up to whisper in his ear. “I want you to look me in the eye while you come. I want to see your brain shut down and your mouth go slack and hear the sounds you make while I claim you. Let me in, let me have you completely, John.”
Snorting, I whirl away from him to head down the hall. “Two sugars and some milk, John! And get ready, we need to discuss how we’re going to handle tonight!”
“John,” he finally begins, voice firm with determination. My heart leaps into my throat, pulse pounding in my ears.
Flashing him a brief smile, I take his hands and stand, towering over him. “Yes, I was there when it happened,” I remind him, glancing pointedly down at my bandaged thigh. He huffs out a chuckle, patting me on the shoulder before reaching behind himself to grab my clothing, thrusting it at my chest.
“Sherlock!” John turned and tried to grab his love, but a pair of hands grabbed him and held him back. “Moriarty!” John growled, struggling hard against the person holding him.
"No, but that's good." He paused for a long time before speaking, John could almost feel the tension in his body.    “John,” Sherlock’s voice was full of emotion. “You have become my light in the darkness,” He whispered moving forward. “I’m not traditional, I’m not amazing, I am horrible at putting feelings into words, and if we're being honest well... I’m not even that wonderful of a partner.” He whispered moving so their eyes could meet. John could tell he had been waiting for this moment all day. Something he'd been bursting to share with John but had refused because the others were around. “You have been nothing short of spectacular to me. Always there, never faltering no matter what I have done. Even when everyone else turned away, you stayed beside me in the darkness. I have been informed that my desire to mark your neck repeatedly has been ruining our apparently extant professional appearance, and that if I am stupid enough to let you go I am doomed to die alone and hollow." John was blushing bright red, his breath shaking in his chest. Was Sherlock really going to ask him
"Nein, ich bin nicht okay. Min Sohn und mein Mann sind in Gefahr sind sie nicht?" He asked him, turning to look at him.
"Mrs. Hudson, Mr. Holmes will be in touch." One of the men nodded to her as he shuffled John and Sherlock out of the flat.
"He should suffer if he is careless enough do this!" Mycroft snapped back, struggling against his brother's grip.
Molly dissolved into giggles as they slowly began to return the living room to its' normal state. John and Greg pulled their bandanas off and moved toward Molly with smiles. They both took some of the items from her and John let his bandana fall on the table when he removed it. She almost doubled over when she looked at Sherlock properly though.  He'd taken not only the sword but the eye patch from Hamish. Which he fixed over his left eye and his bandana was covering almost all of his dark hair. The tiny sword rested firmly in his right hand though he was at ease splayed across the couch. The sight was absolutely ridiculous and she almost fell over she was laughing so hard. John and Greg joined her with a few chuckles as they sat down on the other couch.
"I'll come as back up. I think Mycroft needs a few more minutes to cool that temper before I try to check on him." Greg laughed.
"You killed my parents and my sister as retaliation for  their attempts to kill your pet when they crossed paths with her on our journey north. I was just a babe when it happened and my mother had the intelligence to hide me under a blanket while Anthea tore through the wagon to ensure she had destroyed us all. My Uncle informed me of the story when he found me around my tenth birthday. However it is of no consequence to you what I
“No…” John gasped, tears coming. Mycroft simply held him, both of them shedding tears as they heard the sounds of the sailors preparing the ship to depart.
"Don't start acting like you know everything about me." He said in a soft but snappish tone, but the blush on his cheeks and the smirk playing at the corners of his mouth gave him away. John ran his fingers up into those dark curls and pulled Sherlock forward into a soft kiss.
Sherlock made a blanket nest for Hamish and settled him down into it on the couch as he put on some horrid children's show that would rot his son's brain. Hamish settled down instantly and hummed along with the songs on the television as he slowly grew sleepy and fought not to close his eyes. Sherlock moved over and pulled John into a hug.
"This is not what nature intended! Man with man! Woman with woman! It's wrong! That's why I killed James! Because he brought shame to this Order! Just like that man you married! All of them tainted." He raged and his eyes were wild and unhinged. John tensed, clutching Hamish more protectively. "But I can fix you, even if I have to bleed it out of you."
“Do not rush me Sherlock,” He growled as he admired the form of his lover, “I have not had you in nearly an age and I will take my time.” His voice was dark, possessive, and it was driving Sherlock beyond reason.
"Why, because I can render you speechless for ten minutes?" The detective teased right back, smiling proudly as he looked over his work.
"Anything at all my love. So long as your safety is ensured." Sherlock promised, his voice was so genuine and so soft it made John shake.
? He began to shake slightly, the threat of another panic attack immanent and decided he was going to leave the room. He looked up flashing an angry and hurt look at Irene before beginning to move, not even trying to conceal his feelings. Just as he moved to step away Sherlock's hand slid up over his left shoulder tightening down and locking him in place. He squeezed his shoulder in what was meant to be a reassuring way but it sent a clear message to Irene.
Sherlock sighed in contentment, John was pulling awfully hard at the handcuffs and he wouldn't want to have to explain to a doctor why his wrists were so red... So he slicked lubricant over himself and slowly pushed his own aching cock deep into John. He held perfectly still as John's body shuddered around him, grunting and leaning down to kiss him. John pushed his hips up into Sherlock's, his body pleading for him to move as he used his kisses to keep Sherlock's lips on his own. Sherlock took the hint and started slamming into John. He went fast and hard, shaking the entire bed for several minutes before slowing down and moving so slowly it was almost torture for himself. Over and over he switched the tempo as he wrapped around John. The handcuffs came loose and John's arms were instantly around Sherlock, his hands in his hair pressing their mouths together. Sherlock however kept John pinned under him, not allowing him to move as he continued his movements, changing pace over and over again until John was quaking with need. He wanted to keep John like this, on edge and begging with every breath for release but he was too desperate for his own - so he speed up and pushed them both over the edge so hard he wasn't sure they hadn't blacked out.
"John, you look handsome." His mother spoke as she stood and hugged him. "We were worried. We had not heard from you in days."
“Sherlock, you are my world,” John whispered, looking up into his love's eyes. “You found me amongst the weeds and managed to grow a garden in my soul.”
“You worry too much for me.” He whispered, finally uniting their lips in a soft kiss. “I was only gone a few days.” John raised an eyebrow and Sherlock sighed in annoyance. “A fortnight then.”
“John, my love…” Sherlock whispered as they entered their room and he closed the door. “I am terribly sorry.”
“There is no strength to be had. He has done something to me, harmed me in a way I could never have imagined.” Tears fell but she stayed as calm as she could, her breath raspy as it moved through her chest.
“Hm?” Sherlock hummed, grinning darkly as John shouted and moaned. He pushed his tongue in, enjoying the taste of his lovers body and each tremor that ran through it. He worked him for a long time before John found his voice again.
John's mind reeled from the overwhelming sensation of Sherlock's nails on his back and their tongues intertwining. John's body clearly gave away how much he was enjoying the sensations and Sherlock found himself quite pleased to note that it was his touch, his kisses that were driving John to distraction. He increased his efforts moving from John's lips to suckle on the spot where his neck and shoulder met, eliciting a deep groan of pleasure from his
"So Uthur and James were together I don't understand how that leads to a murder." John focused to make him continue.
“I know you are tired; however I must beg of you… How did this come to pass? Last I had heard Sebastian was keeping John away from everyone, hiding him. We have made several entreaties and nothing has ever come of it.” Mycroft frowned, which only deepened as she explained the story. She left out Sherlock, Greg and she having decided it would be best to see if Sherlock returned on his own.
The food arrived and Sherlock settled into a more nostalgic conversation as they ate. Backing off and giving John room to recover and loosen back up. Both of them ate very little, but John put forth a rather good attempt to eat - something that seemed to please Sherlock greatly. Sherlock took some time to explain about several cases he'd worked on with Lestrade and how none of them had been worth getting out of bed over. He also explained that he'd stayed with Mycroft during his time away, something that awoke a great curiosity in John. Sherlock however, refused to elaborate saying only they would discuss it another time. The conversation turned to reminiscences and nostalgia before Sherlock began bargaining with John about when they could discuss returning to work. John conceded that he missed it but asked Sherlock to give him a few more days. Secretly he just wanted time alone with Sherlock, but he knew that keeping Sherlock locked up at home would lead him to go insane.
"I can't have you using that increasingly incredible mind of yours to find out what I'm going to do before I do it." Sherlock purred against his ear before backing away. "Now address me properly." Sherlock commanded and a smack echoed off the walls. John grunted and moaned as the sting of leather arced across his thigh. The riding crop.
"John!" He shouted, arching but finding his hips forced back down onto the bed by John's eager hands. John increased the pressure on those pale hips, digging his fingers in as his mouth and tongue worked eagerly over the shivering, burning flesh in his mouth. It was not much longer before Sherlock cried out, his release spilling into John's mouth and his body going utterly limp underneath him.
"I'm going to own you thoroughly when I'm done with you." Sherlock whispered as he moved. He kicked off his shoes and pulled of his socks before crawling up in the bed. He moved so he was partially straddled over John one knee on each side of his left leg. He loomed over him, clearly taking a dominant position and a possessive sparkle in his eyes. He leaned down and claimed John's mouth in a passionate kiss before growling slightly just beside his ear. "You're mine John Watson." John groaned as Sherlock's mouth made contact with the sensitive spot where his shoulder and neck met. He wanted to grab Sherlock and hold him down, to fight with him for control but he knew with his arm he couldn't.
"Oh John, I hope I find you well?" She asked softly, walking over to take his hand. She looked him over a sadness lingering in her eyes. She seemed to be searching for something in his features.
"No, no pranks." He smirked broadly. "It's Christmas!" He announced it again, holding out his arms grandly. He wrinkled his face the way he did when he was saying something he expected to be 'normal' and no one else seemed to be going along with it. "Consequently Greg, may I borrow you for a moment?" Sherlock raised his eyebrow again.
“Oh…  My apologies,” Moran turned to leave. Sherlock leaned over and whispered something in James’ ear before nipping just the edge of it. James purred loudly and turned to Sherlock with a dark smirk.
“What is she doing here?” He growled, rushing for the door. He threw it open just as Meaghan arrived at the door, clearly weak as she struggled to pull a bundle from her horse, a bundle that groaned softly. “What business do you have here?!” He demanded angrily, his aura rising as his anger did.
Sherlock mouthed for a moment, trying to find some sort of response worthy of that statement but could not. Instead he settled for slowly beginning to lean in to kiss him, nearly groaning when John immediately met him halfway and their lips reunited in a fiercely passionate kiss. Sherlock begrudgingly pulled back, knowing that with all that John had suffered he was still weak and that their time apart had undoubtedly shifted things for them and they must go slow.
Gregory fought hard not to groan, John had very few tells, yet those he did have were clear markers of his mindset. These particular tics were remnants from what Moran had done to him.  A sort of nervous condition caused by the burn of silver throughout his body. The more worried or anxious the Mender got, the stronger the tics presented. Gregory made a mental note to ask George and Anthea to look in on the pair a bit more often, before looking down at his hands. He wondered what he could do or say to convince the pair to return home. Mycroft was not the easiest of people to get along with, that he knew, however, they would all be safer in the walls of the family manor.
“It is irreparable.” Sherlock’s voice carried as he slowly appeared and walked through the door, passed his brother, to rest beside his mate. “At least in my eyes.” His eyes were hard as he glared at the elder Holmes. The tension in the room rising quickly. “That said, you seem to have true intentions behind coming here and your words, while pretty, seem honest enough. We will however, remain here. This is our home now and there is no safer place in all of England.” He slowly slipped his arm around John, dragging the mender closer to him as his look continued to darken.
“The information I have gathered suggests that Moriarty is only here for a short time, he is making his way to Germany from the Rowan Coven House to attend to several large governmental and criminal endeavors he is working on. He intends to reside at one of the old Rowan manors, which is consequently very close to the Holmes Estate. I have reports that the Coven house there has taken damage which I must see repaired. It seems that somehow Moriarty was able to find out my plan to move the main Coven there for a time.” His gaze moved from Sherlock to the Mender, not liking how the others’ body grew tighter with anxiety the longer they spoke. “Gregory has been directed to travel there and keep watch on Moriarty, as such we felt it would be prudent to invite you two to join us.”
“And mender, you agree with this plan? To go beyond the safety of our coven?” Mycroft demanded, his eyes dark. John turned and looked Sherlock in the eyes, a soft smile blooming on the taller man’s face.
- Foot prints indicated there were at least six men. One of them had the same limp they'd seen at Jared's murder. -
His smile darkened as his aura easily overpowered the menders mind. He could never control John when he was at his best, however now, weakened by these wounds, Moran had a chance to finally take some relief from his prey. He leaned down and kissed John hard, enjoying how John made soft noises of protest though he was deeply asleep and under the calming effect of Sebastian’s aura. He trailed his fingers down, loosening his shirt and caressing the wounded but slowly healing skin underneath. He felt himself grow hard with desire and taking John’s loose hand he caressed himself. John grunted, trying to wake himself, but could not.
“It is good that you are more prepared this time. May I sit by you as you write?” John’s smile grew a bit, though in the back of his mind he knew that Sherlock would likely be displeased.
5 - Mind Linking - this is both a Solvanar and a Vampire trait. The Solvanar can link with other Solvanar. Vampires with mortals, Solvanar, and Vampires.
"Oh..." Sherlock paused, looking confused and conflicted. "Lestrade called about one of the cases..." He suddenly felt as if going to Scotland Yard was not the best idea, his face tightened as he tried to understand the moment before him.
Sherlock helped John settle into his room and John had barely closed his eyes when he was awoken by Anthea. She instructed him to pull on his shirt and trousers before following her downstairs. He was led past the dining room and below the main entrance to a hidden staircase that led down underground. When he arrived in the room below Mycroft and Sherlock were waiting for him, seated inside a well lit bed chamber with a heavy door. John rubbed the sleep from his eyes and looked between the two men with some anxiety. Mycroft looked positively elegant in a dark red dress robe. His eyes flashing as he took in the man before him. John could feel Sherlock's nervousness, pooling in their stomachs and causing both of them to flush slightly.
"It is wonderful to watch you two." He whispered, leaning forward and kissing both of them deeply in turn. "I wish to watch more." He asked softly.
A small lump directly in the middle of the bed quivered as Mycroft spoke, he moved softly towards the bed not wanting to startle the ill fledgling curled under the blankets and muttering. Sherlock was lying completely naked, on the couch in the room with his fingers pressed together under his chin. His eyes were closed and his breath was very slow. Mycroft growled darkly as he looked Sherlock over, wondering how Sherlock could have forgotten to tell John about this. To warn the man who loved him about his ability to become comatose for an undetermined amount of time without responding to external stimuli. Mycroft gently worked through the tangle of blankets to find the shivering mender hidden within them. John was pale as stone, his skin almost blue. He shivered as Mycroft pulled him into his arms and cradled him against his chest. His mouth moving but no words coming out.
"You, Sherlock. To you." John groaned and gasped as Sherlock's mouth and tongue traced hard paths over his neck and shoulders. He shuddered when Sherlock nipped at the spot Mycroft had drained him, trembling as Sherlock nipped harder the second time.
"He's one; you can correct his speech when he's older." Hamish drank the medicine but he made a face.
"Ah, Sherlock." Mycroft smirked as John's eyes immediately snapped up to meet his brother's and the two paused.
"Feel it in your body," Mycroft whispered as a command. "Feel the hunger rise." His voice was low, purring against John's ear. John felt his focus narrow, all he could feel was the hunger. "Your teeth want to change, feel it." John closed his eyes and felt how his entire body forced his energy forward. Forced the need to focus. "Yes my little vampire, come on..." Mycroft groaned as John leaned forward and sank his teeth into Mycroft's neck. Both of them groaning deeply. Sherlock moaned lowly. John felt fire throughout his body and absently began moving his hips, Mycroft pumping into him with his still hard erection. "Yes, that is good. Keep going." Mycroft finally pulled back as they both shouted and released, John falling back against Sherlock.
"Someone here to see us?" Sherlock asked John, but John had tensed slightly. He closed his eyes and let his senses reach out, a small growl coming from his throat. "Do not growl like that unless you want me to claim you again." Sherlock growled himself, claiming John's mouth in another bruising kiss. John kissed him back deeply and they were in danger of slipping right back into their sexual contest before John's logic kicked in.
“Okay, seriously stop.” Greg sighed, trying to snap them back into the moment. It was bad enough having them flirting, this was positively terrifying.
"No, there's not much to do right now because of the weather. I'll need to talk to Jacob, John's cousin, sometime in the next few days but likely John will have to come with me because he only speaks German." Sherlock smirked at Greg's confusion.
“There is something about this case…” Sherlock mumbled as he peered over the documents. “Something so familiar.” He was pacing their room, as it turned out a snow storm blew up the next morning and they were unable to go into town.
"I apologize that James' punishment was lacking. I have pressed my coven to issue a stiffer penalty however they have chosen to believe his lies." Sebastian sighed and sipped the wine.
"I was with Anthea on the terrace... Sherlock..." John tried to make the words come however they stuck in his throat like a weight. Sherlock looked down, his heart aching as he tried vainly to prepare himself for the words he'd hoped to avoid.
"Sherlock!" John shouted as Sherlock slammed into him, arching and struggling harder against the ropes that bound him. The lust that rolled through his body was driven to new and even more powerful heights as he watched Sherlock give in to one of his darkest, most secret desires. Sherlock leaned up and shouted as Mycroft's teeth pierced his neck, John groaning and clenching as he released, taking Sherlock with him. Mycroft pumped furiously into Sherlock a few more times before wrenching off Sherlock's neck and growling as his own release took him.
"Use me to pleasure yourself! Touch my cock, please, Master." John dissolved and just gave in. He was too desperate to feel Sherlock working him over.
"Well then, I'll leave you to it." Mycroft sighed and stepped from the house, his entire face clenched in a disapproving stare. Sherlock waited until the door clicked shut behind him and moved to lock it, striding over so he was just in front of John.
"Its fine John, we've got him. You have fun." Greg's smirk was one of knowing, his eyes barely flicking towards Sherlock.
“Rest here for a while first. Let John see you are well.” Mycroft demanded, his face betraying that no was not an answer.
"Easy, John." He coaxed, scooping the mender up and carrying him to the room. Sherlock was naked and waiting, taking his time to strip John while Mycroft restrained him with kisses.
"Stop this little mender," He ordered. "You have been pacing this track for hours, it will not do to have your mind so anxious. I have continuously told you that Sherlock will come out of his mind when he is ready. You must rest and take blood." His voice was soft, full of concern, but to the point. John looked up and met his eyes, trembling in his arms.
"What?" The detective demanded as he slowly sat up, he was observing John - trying to deduce how John had hidden that plan from him. "You knew he was going to kidnap you?"
“Easy my love, you are very weak. The poisons are strong and sapping you of whatever tender strength I can return to you.” James sighed and motioned for a bottle of blood wine.
"We had a bit of a shock out there last night. One of my cousins was trying to find a place to hide out here as he thinks someone is chasing him. He thought we might have been his attackers and went for my face. We tussled a bit but once we figured out who each other were we backed down. It's all fine." John smirked.
"At work, which is where I'm headed now that you two are here. I might have a case for you Sherlock, let me see what they have in forensics. If I can manage I'll give you a few days to settle in before I bother you."
"No. He did. The one who was going to murder you," Marcus had the decency to at least look upset at John's suggestion.
"We're on a date, it's sort of obvious isn't it?" John was blushing but that was the only response he gave to Sherlock's statement. He was completely aware of his body's growing response to Sherlock's words and the desperate desire clawing at his chest.
"I am fine. Thank you." He smiled and returned his gaze to the room. He was pale. "I apologize, my mind is far from me now." He whispered.
"Oh I did, however only in so much as watching you drink another's blood can be. I do not enjoy your bond with my brother. I also know I cannot stop it." Their lips met again with bruising passion as Sherlock slowly, painfully slowly worked in his lover.
“Hmph, you really are a stubborn creature.” James purred. He leaned in to kiss Sherlock, surprised when Sherlock did not pull away. “We will be leaving again in a fortnight. The coven is meeting at the original coven house and there I shall secure my place anew within these walls. Behave until then at least?”
"Hush now, little one." Mycroft smacked his thigh gently and John arched as lighting shot through his body. He whimpered but stopped speaking. "You want to be touched do you not?" He asked firmly.
"If you do not drink of me this moment it will drive us both mad. I willingly give you of myself. You may tell me more of this lore tomorrow when I meet you, let us not waste what little time we have in this moment." His breath was heavy, forcing its way through his chest as he felt Sherlock lean in towards him.
"Yes, unless you're forced to stay here." Something tightened in Sherlock's expression as he spoke. "John, go make sure the bedroom is acceptable please." John looked at him confused but did as he asked.
"We returned from our visit to find a group of servants preparing for Lord Moriarty to return home. They informed us that he would arrive within the afternoon and he did. When he returned they reported to him that she had been out of the manor when they arrived and he was quite angry that she had been out of the house. The apothecary was with him and immediately took Elizabeth to her chambers and proceeded to examine her. He announced that her outting had sapped what careful health she had been restored during his treatment of her and that she was to remain within her chambers at all times for the remaining portion of her pregnancy. We were told that she was too weak to tolerate normal meals and that for two weeks she was to be given naught by broth. I protested explaining that to do so would rob her of her health and I was denied the privilege of helping her with meals. Another servant, one of those who returned with Lord Moriarty took over care of her feedings. I tried to bring her food and water as I was sure she required however I was discovered and Lord Moriarty had me imprisoned in the servants quarters for almost a fortnight. By the time I was released she was gravely ill and barely able to lift her head. Last week Lord Moriarty was summoned away by Lord Moran and I was able to return some health to her. It took a fight but several of the male servants believed she was being mistreated and agreed to help me overcome those Lord Moriarty had brought with him. What I did not know until this morning however was that she was still taking the herbs the apothecary made for her, they were being given to her by another servant during the times I was sleeping. Lord Moriarty is due to return this afternoon and I wish I could say this timing was not convenient for him.” Alexandra began to cry and Sherlock helped her into a chair.
“I…” John grunted, opening his eyes. He felt a little stronger but still was sure he had died. The sheets under him were so soft and he felt warm and safe in a way he’d terribly missed for years. He turned, feeling a hand on his cheek and his eyes went wide. “Mycroft…” He mumbled, his hand shaking as he raised it to touch the others face. “You…”
"I owe you the world and more, John Watson-Holmes." Sherlock whispered against his ear. "Because you gave me a heart not once, but twice."
, your poor sweet pet. You'd never leave him to die all alone." She was still sort of singing at Sherlock and it unnerved him slightly, the woman had clearly lost her mind. "No, you'd never. But it's too late." She flashed her teeth at him in a huge grin.
"There's some food here if you think you can eat." Sherlock whispered, walking over and checking John's temperature and pulse again.
Sherlock sighed softly as the carriage drove along, another residence abandoned and yet another move for ‘safety.’ James had long since stopped pretending to care what happened to his husband and Sherlock knew it was only a sense of foolish pride that made it so James refused to allow him to return to his coven. Their relationship was strained and Sherlock, having grown bored with his life, had begun experimenting; some of his experiments causing their residences to require their immediate vacancy and one particularly memorable experiment almost costing the life of the young Sebastian Moran, a deed which did not go unpunished. James was no longer cautious about hiding his romantic feelings or intentions for Moran and the small coven that James was building often talked about how Sherlock must be unworthy. Those words began to gnaw away at Sherlock until he became moody and distant, refusing to speak to anyone. When he did, he often proclaimed every detail about the person until they slunk away in a fit of shame - a habit which was quickly making him the enemy of James’ coven and on the brink of costing James everything. James had begun negotiating a truce with his Sire, Sebastian, especially once he discovered that Sebastian now had a pet of his own.
"Sebastian will do well enough for you, little mender." He said softly, Sherlock's eyes darting back and forth between them. John blushed again. Which Sherlock did not like, he was confused and angry. He slipped his arms down over the chair, tightening them a bit on John's shoulders. Draping himself territorially around John.
“Even now? Your appetite is insatiable, to think only two months ago we spent a week marking every room in this house with our lovemaking…” Sherlock’s voice was thick with sleep, but he groaned as John resumed his actions. He moved with the intention of rolling them, so he could have his way with his mate, however, his arms were forced down into the bed. He almost whined as he looked up into the darkening eyes of his mate, and soft growls continued to fill the room. Shortly after they had moved in, and settled in, John had begun to flourish. His self confidence came back, and he was beginning to be more like the man Sherlock first met, tempered by the strength of their history. To say Sherlock was not enjoying it however, would be a lie.
Sherlock swept out of the flat finding that he himself was angry that John was angry. John should have known Sherlock would want the card. He grumbled it over in his mind on the cab ride to the station but found the entire situation pushed from his mind as soon as he arrived at the Yard. Lestrade already waiting to meet his cab and beginning to fill him in on information immediately as the pair walked into the station.
"It will be painful for him, his body will die while his mind remains strong and active. Stay beside him, comfort him however you can, I must go feed and rest. Sherlock, there is blood wine in the cabinet. If he begins to feel too much pain give him some it will dull the sensation. Be sure you feed when he sleeps." He ordered softly.
"Sherlock?" He called weakly. Mycroft undid Sherlock's remaining restraints so he could reach over and grab John's hand. The two beds were directly next to each other, clearly to allow them to reach each other.
"W-What?" John gasped out, clenching and unclenching his fists. He swallowed hard and his eyes hardened. Sherlock took two steps forward, into the room.
“You will be quiet!” Sebastian growled, kicking John hard in the stomach and then bringing his boot down on John’s back until he slammed into the floor. “And you bring them with you.” He growled again, motioning between Moran and Sherlock.
"How do you know who it was?" Sherlock's questions came quickly and were sharp as daggers. Greg shivered slightly but was comforted by the slight pressure of Mycroft's hand on his arm.
"Will you take me again?" He flushed red and Mycroft smiled. He pulled him up out of the tub and lay him on a rug on the floor, he retreated to the bedroom finding the oil and ensuring Sherlock was not laying there brooding. Sufficiently pleased his brother was still asleep, he returned to his groaning fledgling and coated his fingers and his cock with oil.
But why they were speaking German was completely beyond Sherlock. He hadn't even known John spoke a foreign language, let alone one Sherlock himself knew so little of. The anger that swelled through his chest was laced with pure arousal and a deep need to punish John for lying to him. All three of which made Sherlock feel moderately uncomfortable with his ability to maintain control in the situation. He needed to focus because it was dangerous for John to move so easily from defending Sherlock against a potential threat to doctoring his wounds as if he was an old friend. And in that moment for the first time he wondered if this was what it was like to watch himself at work on a crime scene.
can look them over later." He replied with strong emphasis on the 'we.' John somehow knew that was a him and Sherlock 'we.' "No, not at the Yard." Sherlock hung up and slammed the phone down with slight attitude. John then fought a laugh as he heard Sherlock muttering as he fumbled about in the kitchen.
“I am the Coven Father, you cannot order me about like this.” Mycroft retorted angrily, taking a step forward.
"I told you not to challenge me." Sherlock's voice was still soft as he caressed John's cheeks. "You look utterly exhausted… And I haven't even broken a sweat yet."
"Oh piss off, tattletale." John said softly, looking down, but he blushed and looked somewhat pleased.
"I believe so yes. Now we can go back to our normal insanity." Sherlock smiled, john squeezed his hand slightly.
"I am sorry," He looked down, as if he had failed. He felt John's fingers slip under his chin and lift his face.
I have most of the chapters written in my head, it's just getting them on the page. I just got a new laptop for traveling so I should be able to get the next chapter out within less than 6 months. Fingers crossed!
"Come on, go pack and take the first train out. We'll be right behind you when Hamish is done at the dentist. We'll call it a working holiday, yea?" Greg laughed.
"Our poor mender, you look well loved." Sherlock grinned, teasing him. John blushed and buried his face in Sherlock's arm.
