Tony scoffs, trying to push his hair into its usual style and hoping he’s not accidentally giving himself away. After all, it’s not like Steve knows how hot he’s growing under the collar with the indirect compliment.
He listens, can hear the sharpness of Tony’s breathing. He picks up on the slight uptick in Tony’s pulse, the near insignificant flex of his fingers between Steve’s.
“Damn,” Tony says dryly. “Maybe he was just a smartass, then. Apple doesn’t fall too far from the - well, the other apple.”
The ‘Rogers’ cuts deeper than it should, but it’s not entirely foreign at this point. Four years later, and he’s almost finally mastered how to not let a single word from Tony Stark ruin his life. He wants to laugh about it until he cries, but just flicks the tab on the can and winces when it pings painfully against the side of his thumbnail.
“You give me too much credit,” he says, trying to keep dignified and not flounder under Tony’s twinkling gaze.
Steve knows. Accidents, lack of resources. He swallows around the lump in his throat as she keeps going.
“She’s packing,” Pepper explains, inviting them into the kitchen where she’s got a half-filled glass of white wine. She offers one to Tony, who declines and begins investigating the underside of some countertop appliance, and then to Steve, who accepts because it won’t hurt and will give him something to do with his hands. “She’s in some weird independent phase,” Pepper continues as she lifts onto her tiptoes to retrieve a minimalistic stemmed glass from a white lacquered cabinet.
“You can’t even remember,” Tony says, rueful in a way that Steve never would have dreamed him capable of. “You’re really going to tell me that you would’ve been okay with it when you were more blacked out than not, and the next chance I got, you turned me down flat-out?”
It’s almost cute, Tony thinks, that Steve had put that much thought into it. He absently sucks the pad of his thumb into his mouth just long enough to get it wet before soothing it over the slightly swollen nipple, and if he didn’t have his legs locked around Steve’s hips, he thinks he’d land on the floor with how Steve full-body shivers, head thrown back and knees buckling.
“Yeah, alright,” he says, cutting her off. “Look, I’ll call you, okay? Give me the weekend to think on it. You can email me the details, and I’ll call you Monday. You think Tony can live in suspense for a day or two?”
It’s not a pretty story, he’ll admit. He probably shouldn’t have refused to relocate when Steve hunted him down, hiding from his responsibilities in the last place anyone would ever expect him to be: his office in Avengers Tower. The locale is stiff, impersonal, decorated by a professional who has no idea what Tony likes or needs, based on the gargantuan polished mahogany desk taking up an obscene amount of space in the middle of the room.
“Did you know?” he asks, and it’s a night for hypocrisy because as much as he’s said he wants action, he can’t help but need to talk, so many questions hovering at the edges of his processing ability. “That I wanted this?”
He pulls a few extra hot wings onto his plate during game days, and they both know they’re Steve’s for the taking so he doesn’t wind up feeling guilty for claiming too many.
“It’s what he’d want,” Tony says, shrugging against the hard but comforting breadth of Steve’s front. “The cosmos, right? Those insane flowers he was obsessed with?”
“Here’s what I can tell you,” Steve says, once Rogers’ footsteps have faded away. “I’m going to need that time machine to work inter-dimensionally.”
In his universe, Peggy hadn’t had a super-soldier husband. She’d been in a bed, well-loved and frequently visited by family. Now it’s just the two of them, and in a moment of weakness, tells her what the alternative was. When he asks if she regrets what she’s let him do to her, she shakes her head.
“Tony,” Steve is saying, over and over until he’s chanting and begging and then his mouth is doing that thing again, only he’s trying so hard to push words out that he’s nearly babbling, broken sounds spilling out between them. It’s so
Some of the others are already drunk, and as Tony slumps against the tiled shower walls, he can hear the reverberations of a good time from a few floors below. He’s nowhere near the party, feels slightly disconnected from it, but that’s okay. When he’s tended to everything, when he’s ready, he’ll join them.
But Steve isn’t trying to get away. In fact, he’s wedging them together, cradling Tony’s head in his enormous hands as Tony keeps talking, and then they’re forehead-to-forehead just like in Wakanda.
Less than six hours ago, he’d been stupidly hopeful, believing that this could be his way out of borderline poverty-level wages after years of unpaid internships. It’s not exactly that he doesn’t believe it anymore, after a dinner in one of the casino’s insanely overpriced celebrity chef restaurants; after gambling away more money than he’s possessed in his entire life at a table where he hadn’t known a single rule and hadn’t cared a single bit, not when he’d had hot breath searing a flush down the back of his neck, not when there was the occasional heavy hand resting against his hip, a little too low to pass as friendly; after too many drinks, the glass at his elbow perpetually full and the alcohol smoother than anything he’s ever had in his entire life.
Carol fills an enormous mug to the tippy top, and Rhodes dramatically drains the entire carafe while looking Tony straight in the eye the entire time. Tony’s jaw unhinges in outright shock, and Steve tries not to laugh as Rhodey and Carol walk their mugs to the kitchen table.
When Tony appears in the room, he slides off his sunglasses and tucks them in the front of his shirt.
“Your timing is awfully suspicious, that’s all,” Tony says, shrugging and dragging a hand through his hair, wincing when he realizes how badly he’s in need of a shower. “What, you afraid to do things without your partner in crime?”
“Keep it the way it is,” she orders him with a fierce expression. “And don’t be late for drinks tonight.”
“Be quiet, before you wake her,” Steve says calmly. “Bucky is not all you have, but we are selfish, you and I. And that selfishness is going to bring about the end of the world if you do not tell him.”
Steve doesn’t want Tony to know that he had held onto that heart of his for five years, clinging to a possibility that he hadn’t known he wanted.
“Thought this was above your paygrade,” Tony says, eyebrows raised and a pen poking out the corner of his mouth. The pen is mostly for show - he hasn’t written down a single thing.
“That’s it? Okay? You’re not going to defend yourself with some all-important speech? You’re pretty good at those.”
“You know what?” Tony says, squinting at the house in front of him. “I don’t understand you at all.”
and tell me that you don’t want to go over there and see which one of us he winds up propositioning first?”
“Okay,” he says, once his card is back in his wallet and he’s crumpling up the receipt in his palm. “But I call carrying the emptiest bag.”
Eventually they move on. Tony wants to know why he stayed away, and Steve answers as respectfully as he can without lying. He makes sure to look Tony in the eye as he talks and feels the bands around him become one again, the pressure lessening almost instantly as Tony listens.
Christmas is a glittering affair. As the years pass, Peggy and Steve see Howard less often, but they’re always delivered an invitation to his resplendent parties. At some point he’s ushered into a smoky lounge, offered a cigar and whiskey, and is clapped roughly over the shoulder.
“I don’t care,” Steve says with authority, shaking his head. “I’ve fought enough people in my lifetime to know that I don’t ever want to fight you. I wouldn’t have let that happen.”
Steve has never been able to do a single thing to point the two of them in the right direction. Tony is the wind, forcing them wherever he decides, and Steve has always been powerless to protest, to try and change course. The one time he had, he’d lost as much ground as he’d gained.
“She’s got sophisticated taste,” Tony says with a grin and a shrug. “Sheet color combinations notwithstanding.”
“I’ve been doing a lot of keeping up with the news,” he says, back to playing with Steve’s hands. “And keeping an eye on lots of people with special abilities.”
“I know,” Steve says, so tenderly that it puts Tony’s heart right back together. “I’m just saying. If you need a moment, I understand. I’ve been needing a lot of them lately.”
“Is that just a ploy to get me to come by the compound?” Steve asks, and the joke falls flat as he watches Tony swallow slowly, Adam’s apple bobbing.
He’d thought it would be nice: a private room in an upscale restaurant, authentic sushi hand-rolled to order right in front of them. Steve looks mildly overwhelmed, so Tony takes his time to gently and painstakingly explain things to him, from the roe and pickled ginger to different variations of nigiri and unagi. There are bottles of sake and cups of green tea and it’s not until Tony notices that Steve’s mouth is set in a firm line and realizes he might have messed up somewhere along the line.
“Thanks, man,” Sam says, doing just that. He tugs his jacket off the wall hook and bundles up while Steve makes his way over to see him out. It’s a surprise when Sam finishes up his zipper and tugs Steve in for a brief one-armed hug, but not an unwelcome one.
Sometimes Tony comes down in the mornings to see him flipping buttermilk pancakes and frying thick-cut applewood-smoked bacon, always offering to share with the sort of obligatory niceness that people employ when they’re cooking around others.
“I’m not most celebrity CEOs,” Tony says, eyes sliding over to Steve. They’re not narrow, but they are shrewd, calculating. It figures, the man doesn’t miss a beat.
Wanda shows him the training rooms, which range in size from small and suited for recovery, to enormous and designed for group tactical scenarios. It’s familiar enough that she doesn’t have to explain much, and he knows that she doesn’t need to be walking him through everything, but the company is nice.
“They often symbolize order and harmony,” he explains. “Something I desperately needed in this other world.”
“Not if I beat you to it,” he says before making like he’s about to sprint out into the parking lot with Tony’s favorite glint in his eyes, and goddamnit - he just really, really loves him.
“Steve,” Tony says, and it’s so uncharacteristically gentle that his intent - or lack thereof - couldn’t be clearer.
“I can’t believe you’ve started without me,” he said upon entering, Peter hot on his heels, and then spent the next five minutes unable to stop ragging on Carol for taking advantage of his hospitality.
Tony flips on the soundtrack, and Steve is beginning to recognize the melodies. When they’re almost to the house, he props his own elbow on the console and aligns his arm with Tony’s, the backs of their hands loosely pressed together.
Rather than soak up every detail of every choice Tony has made in this place, Steve focuses on his presence. He observes the way Tony’s hands flit through the air as he talks, listens intently to the sound of his footsteps, and compares it all to every memory he holds of the time they shared together.
On the top of the trash, scattered in amongst the remnants of miniature quiches and crudites, lay at least a dozen tiny white tablets. Steve resists the temptation to look back and examine Tony’s now-open fists.
“Are you seriously insinuating - ” He starts, ready to deny, deny, deny, but she just clicks her tongue at him and grins like the cat who caught the canary.
Steve reassures him that it’s okay, and he doesn’t mind going for a run, and the kids want souvenirs so he might head to a tacky shop on a pier. Tony tells him to take his pick of the car keys, and it feels a little like avoidance, but mostly it just feels like they don’t know what to do with each other.
“No one else has access,” Tony says, hovering in the doorway as Steve slowly makes his way around the perimeter. “I mean, I have the overrides, obviously - but I figured when you came, you’d change that. Give them to Sam or something.”
“That’s all you’re going to have?” he asks, nodding at the modest plate of sausage, toast, and two fried eggs.
“Hey,” Tony tells him, pinching the soft skin behind Steve’s knee just sharp enough to get his eyes to snap open. “Would I steer you wrong?”
- yeah, Steve doesn’t know if he can do that. He’s always been a silent coward when it comes to Tony.
He adjusts his cap, shoves the paper in the duffel he hadn’t wanted to leave on his bike, and thinks about the dwindling bills in his wallet.
Steve talks about Hannah wanting to straighten her curls, and Tony asks if he’s still shunning all shaving implements. There’s a bit of daydreaming about what it would be like to run his fingers through Tony’s fluffy hair, but he gets the impulse under control as Tony asks if he’s ever seen a pair of modern-day clippers. He pretends like he hasn’t, makes Tony describe how the mechanism works, but something must give him away because Tony clues in five minutes later and calls him a troll.
“Maybe there’s nothing to know,” he says, fighting to keep the words even, even as he sits stiffly and drums his fingers on the arm of his desk chair. He doesn’t have to track Christine’s gaze to know that she’s spotted him fidgeting, but she possesses enough social grace to know when to respectfully bow out. After all, he’s a coworker, not actually someone she’d like to write an exposé on.
“Tell me I’m wrong,” Pepper says with a yawn. “Is that all, then? You called to tell me that you’re on your honeymoon?”
“You’re going to be mad at me,” he says, a laugh bubbling up in the back of his throat because it’s so absurd, the story he’s about to tell. “You’re going to be so mad.”
And Steve’s laugh is nice, comfortable and sweet as he holds Tony’s hands in his. He presses a kiss to them, his nervously bitten pink lips cool and dry as they skim over the peaks and valleys of his knuckles.
“I’m not most people,” Steve says, and then he talks for a long time, until his throat goes dry and Fury understands that he is to tell no one, that he isn’t to ask for information he isn’t freely given, that Steve will not allow things to be changed.
“Do I get to know what this is about?” Tony asks, when it’s getting late, even for those who aren’t senior citizens. Steve can feel himself getting hungry, but he’s been trying to recall something in particular, identify why Tony’s holograms don’t look quite right.
“His Tony had a daughter,” Tony says, and he’s not quite unraveling but his heart aches because it’s so painfully human to love someone you will never be able to have. “They never - ”
Tony peers at him closely, focusing, and Steve is brought back to the first and last time he saw the boy.
“Um.” Steve swallows inelegantly. The words process like he’s still using Internet Explorer, but once they register, he jumps into action. “Don’t get sick in the sink. Here, the stalls are empty.”
Tony might laugh, a weird ephemeral noise as he strokes a thumb over the line of Steve’s jaw, so Steve just bites lightly on the edge of the kiss and loses his eyes to the back of his head with how Tony takes it as an invitation to ramp it up a notch. Tony rises to the unspoken challenge, adjusting the angle as he lifts up and pushes into the framework of Steve’s gripping body. The world narrows down to Tony, now tilting Steve’s head back far enough to open up the kiss, scotch-tinged tongue dipping in tenderly while there’s suddenly a leg between his, Tony swung half over him like he belongs there, molding into all his folds and corners like he’s supposed to fit perfectly in Steve’s lap -
Steve’s expecting Tony to ignore him, but he’s striding over with an outstretched hand and pinched eyes. It should be surprising, but suddenly Steve wonders if he’s gotten it wrong, and if Tony’s lying through his teeth and he doesn’t regret it at all. Maybe he regrets the same things Steve does: not talking about, not knowing what could have been, and crossing paths rather than knowing what it would’ve been like to share something more significant.
Mouth full, Tony’s wrist swivels to read the black Comic-Sans pun. He shrugs in answer, then goes back to finishing the entire mug. Steve just stands waiting, watching the line of Tony’s working throat more closely than he should. When Tony’s done, he wipes his mouth on the edge of his sleeve and wordlessly returns the mug.
But Wanda just smiles at him kindly, and maybe everyone has gotten the memo to handle him with kid gloves, because there’s no sign of a welcome committee. There’s a quiet electronic hum as he’s led through hallways and up open stairs, admiring the design. It’s got Tony written all over it, from the mementos installed in alcoves behind glass to the holograms sprouting up in midair.
There’s no room for throat-clogging worry, he scolds himself. There’s only room for determination, for no longer letting Tony be his Achilles heel.
“Yeah,” he says, and they’re both smiling back at him. “We’re still going to Burger King. Who wants a Sprite?”
Once they’re both fed and showered, Steve twists the caps off two beers and jerks his head towards the front porch. Tony goes without question, even though he knows the humidity will mess with his still-damp hair and he’s barefoot. They sit on the steps, the chairs that had used to be there now gone, and they clink the necks of the bottle together once before drinking.
“Asshole,” he mutters loudly under his breath, but there’s no real heat behind it and Steve glances at him with that characteristic quirk to his mouth.
And then he wraps his tiny hand around Steve’s index finger, grip as tight and sure as anything. Steve feels the panic rising in his throat, the cognitive dissonance threatening to overcome him, and he can’t do this. He looks at Peggy, knowing he must be wild-eyed and spooked, and she comes over to save him.
He takes a detour through the food aisles, perusing the brightly-colored shelves until he comes to something that makes him slam to a stop.
, and the person I convinced them to send to write the funeral announcement is going to be the final nail in the coffin of my legacy.” He lifts his head up, takes one look at Steve, and sneers. “Put that in your article,
It’s easy to be worried enough for Tony’s wellbeing to listen and stick close. He’s just doing the right thing - no selfishness, not here, not when he’s needed to point Tony in the correct direction. Absolutely none to be seen; just Steve’s usual brand of do-good that gets him made fun of more often than not.
He doesn’t have to look to know that Steve is rolling his eyes, hands assuredly set on his hips as he surveys what’s in front of them.
It quickly becomes painfully obvious that this is the life Tony’s been living for the last several years, one of intelligence beyond the government’s greedy reach and technology on a level beyond any start-up’s wildest dreams. The wound in Steve’s belly begins to wake from its slumber as he recalls how foolish he’d been once upon a time, imagining a world in which his crush was returned and Tony would sweep Steve off his feet with heartfelt gestures and tender kisses. In that world, the tuxedo would only be the first in a long line of extravagant gifts that Steve would have the fortitude to refuse and Tony would have the respect to return.
Steve talks and talks, only breaking when Natasha comes to bid them goodnight before retiring to her rooms, and his voice never grows hoarse. He tells Tony about Fury and Rogers, and Tony chuckles.
“My sister-in-law says it’s been an absolute nightmare,” comes the drawl, too loud for a mostly-empty aisle. When there isn’t an audible reply, he deduces that she’s talking on the phone. “Yeah. That poor city. First the hurricane and the floods. Then the blip - they lost more than anywhere, I heard. Not that anybody can figure this shit out. It’ll be fifty years from now, and they still won’t tell us how bad it was.”
They press closer together, Tony wiggling in until he’s tucked against Steve’s throat. Steve doesn’t dare take more than he’s given, no matter how badly he wants to curve a hand around the back of Tony’s neck and never let him go, so he merely lets himself grow heavy-lidded with relaxation. Always one to fidget though, Tony adjusts to sling both wrists around Steve’s shoulders, fingers looping together to keep him there, so Steve bows his head to make it easier on Tony’s slumped stature.
“You do,” Beth says, and her ice cream is chocolate and studded with marshmallows and streaks of fudge. “Besides. The corner store was having a two-for-one special.”
“Tony,” Steve says, and now he’s scrambling for the bare truth that’s slipping away faster than sand in an hourglass. “Let me do things for you. For once.”
Tony pulls a face and takes a pull of beer. “People take pictures,” he says, so casually that Steve has to look for the slight downwards turn of his mouth to detect his displeasure. “And normally I wouldn’t mind, but she’s my kid. And you're….”
“I know,” Steve says, and the creeping embarrassment in his voice is overladen with thick affection. Tony has no idea how he was hiding that for however long he did. “I just - you have to promise not to judge.”
“You did that profile on him, a few years ago,” Christine says, nose scrunching up momentarily. “So you know how he is. Really, you’re going to sit here after writing a piece like
“I get an allowance,” she says, putting her yogurt drink on the counter and pulling her backpack off her shoulders, unzipping the smaller pocket. “I’ve got dollars. Here, look. How much is this? Enough for Disneyland?”
It’s generic advice because Pepper doesn’t know Steve, not like Tony knows Steve, but it’s certainly not bad advice, he begrudgingly admits.
“Thank you for this,” Steve says, and he refuses to cry, has spent too much of his life being angry and sad, but it’s a close call. He’s not certain of what awaits him should this work, but if it is to be the end, he is ready.
Then he’ll opt out of sharing Natasha’s takeout, eyeing fragrant curries and oxtail with rice-and-peas as though he has yet to decide whether they’re a threat to his well-being or not.
They keep their voices low, the conversation certainly not what Denise had in mind when she’d warned him, but Steve still doesn’t want to plant false seeds in anyone’s mind.
“Is it weird to think about?” Tony asks, only once he’s sure his voice won’t give away how dangerously close he’d gotten to crying.
Steve elects not to respond to that, so Tony grabs several choices to drape over the sides of the cart before moving to pajama pants. He’s deciding between black and gray when Steve wheels up beside him, underwear and a pack of one-size-fits-most socks safely stowed away.
It’ll have to be enough, he decides, pushing not-memories of shadowy bodies out of his head to make room for too many references to Tony’s expertly tailored suit pants.
Steve rolls his eyes and gets out from behind the desk to pick up the mess Tony created. It’s a small but notable blessing that he doesn’t demand Tony clean it up.
He’s a coward, gripping the phone as tight as anything and shoving it against his skull so hard it’s surely going to leave a red mark behind.
“Jesus fuck,” Tony says, mouth hanging open dumbly, and Steve swallows thickly. He’s golden-pale in the warmth of the artificial light and no matter how many times Tony sees him bare like this, it’s a wonder of the world every single time. For a brief beat Tony loses track of what they’ve been building towards, forgets how badly he wants to seal their mouths together again and see what other noises he can get Steve to make, because he’s just that incredible to look at.
“It’s going to be strange not to have him around,” he says, stifling the declaration threatening to crawl out of his mouth. “Just as I was getting used to him.”
Tony looks about the same, just with more defined wrinkles. He looks good, still all compact muscle and Steve wonders if he still flies around in the suit to keep his endurance up. It had always been his favorite form of exercise. His hair has less gray than Steve remembers, but he’s not sure if that’s due to faulty memory or dye. As much as the years have worn on them, Tony could be a lot worse for wear.
He swallows that down before it can turn dangerous, a remark that would normally be flippant and discarded as “Shit Tony Stark Says That He Doesn’t Mean,” because he would mean it, and that means he definitely can’t say it.
They continue in that vein for a while, Tony swerving every question with a flippant non-answer while Steve digs only as far as he can courteously manage. After all, this isn’t supposed to be some harmful exposition in which he vehemently opposes whatever views Tony insists on showcasing. As willing as Steve is to back Tony’s opinion, he’s not here to antagonize him into fitting whatever role Steve had expected him to play. It’s surprising, and maybe this feature will need to end up being little more than a look into the circumstances surrounding Tony’s secondary identity and the impact he’s had on the world. That’s something Steve can write about, even if it’s less interesting than the angle he’d expected to have to take.
“I’m not that easy,” Steve says, clinging to the vestiges of his sanity and almost weary with how Tony makes unraveling him feel like child’s play. If he didn’t know that Tony’s always had a reputation for being delightfully manipulative, he’d be offended and seriously wounded on his own behalf.
“Do you smoke?” Tony asks, and it’s right in Steve’s ear, hot and low. He wonders how the hell he’s going to manage to work this into his article, the way Tony’s all neatly disguised muscle as he presses in firmly against Steve’s side.
No matter what, Steve insists on keeping his old duffel. He even refuses to let Tony send a plane for him, but when his boarding pass informs him that he’s been upgraded to first class, he decides it’s not worth fighting about. After all, first class on a flight this length is hardly noteworthy. The extra legroom is appreciated though, and the flight attendant clearly knows who he is as she repeatedly and eagerly offers complimentary cocktails and snacks.
He bites his tongue instead of telling her how she makes him long for the days when his biggest work annoyance was Natasha forcing him to fetch her coffee in exchange for her not hoarding every baked food that came through the doors. While he lifts the substantial ribbon off the double-weighted box, Christine taps her nails against her hip where they perch.
“Okay,” Tony says, pausing and letting go of the hand in his so he can grab the one on the small of his back. “This is the thing.”
Lagos comes and goes. Rogers must have shed some thick skin of arrogance by now and listened to him, because there are no toppled buildings, no pushback, no sign of a heavy book of legal jargon threatening to dismantle the Avengers. Bucky is found and put back together, bit by bit, and it’s as gentle as it can be for a man who barely remembers anything that isn’t destruction.
He can’t help but sob, feeling so constricted with fear that it’s a miracle that he manages to let out any sound at all.
“What, you don’t want a ride in the kind-of-finished jet?” Tony asks, jerking a chin in the direction of the engine component he’s been working on. “I don’t have a helicopter handy, otherwise I’d offer one up. Think I left one at the compound, but if you really wanted, I could have it - ”
He makes himself wait. He makes him wait while he fetches his garden shears and cuts off the last of the year’s cosmos, still vibrant as he ties them with twine. His other self looks at them uncertainly.
“Me? I’m peachy keen. You think there’s anything under here?” he asks, indicating the slightly raised bed before him.
Which is - he pulls his fingers out of grossly sweaty-stiff strands and grimaces. He’s definitely going to be showering as soon as possible. As soon as he can get whoever the hell
Tony is outraged, and Sam is pretending to gag at how Steve dots Tony’s knees and lower thighs with chocolate kisses, and Wanda is smiling behind oversized sunglasses, and Steve -
That night, he sinks to his knees and presses his face to Peggy’s soft, flat stomach. His arms go round her waist and she holds him close and sighs, and the cool touch of her wedding band against the back of his neck is the only thing grounding him.
“There’s so much to do,” Steve says, and he understands Josie’s anger. “A million cities, just like this one.”
That’s fine, Tony decides. Steve is probably elsewhere in the house, looking for something to tell him more than he already knows, lurking around the corners and ghosts that remain. Sometimes his melodrama gets ridiculous, but Tony knows that all he can do is tolerate it and wait it out when he gets like this. For as many times as Tony has tried to pull Steve out of his frequent funks, he’s failed for the vast majority of them.
“I think I used up all mine,” Tony says, and then they’re at a very nice house with a gate that Tony has to use a fingerprint to get past. “Pepper refuses to let me install FRIDAY, or anyone else,” he explains as they roll around the drive. “Warns me of the dangers of dependence on tech, which come on, after all these years? Sometimes I just think she misses JARVIS too much.”
He has to peel Tony away from Peter, who keeps denying that he needs to be dropped off back in Queens.
“Seriously, though,” Tony says, never at a loss for words. “Don’t be shy, I’m an ordinary citizen, just like you, like everyone else. My robots take my armor off for me one plate at a time. If you have questions, I’m here to answer them.”
Tony would swear his heart skips a beat, and not for the first time he wonders if anyone else has ever had a friendship like this. He wonders if Steve is this dedicated to Sam or Bucky, or even Natasha, except he knows that he isn’t, otherwise he’d have a reason to stay with them.
Steve smiles at him fondly, and Tony wants to know where the hell his Steve went, because this man in front of him, lifting a hand to skim over his jaw and skate cool fingertips up and along the edge there, sliding back to tuck imaginary strands of hair behind his ear -
It takes a quick fumble, but Steve pins the box to his side with the inside of his bicep and accepts Tony’s warm palm against his. It’s a solid shake, affirmative and parting, and it doesn’t matter if Tony’s lying. What matters is what he’s chosen to share, and reading between the lines might be something Steve’s used to doing with his subjects, but this isn’t an assignment anymore. In severing their professional relationship, he can finally stop overanalyzing everything Tony does.
in response. Steve just waits, leaning against the edge of the cubicle as Natasha swivels forward again to continue reading what is something like his thirteenth draft of edits while Clint delivers his uninvited color commentary from somewhere above her left shoulder.
“Can you not?” he asks, quickly losing his patience. It’s not entirely her fault - he can admit that much, can blame how spacey and self-flagellating he’s been on another individual who’s had him so out of sorts that he’d nearly missed his stop on the train that morning - but she’s certainly actively making it worse.
“People like me being the silver lining, of course.” It’s self-deprecating, obviously sarcastic, but when Steve doesn’t immediately chirp back, Tony lowers the crust from his mouth and looks sideways. “Please tell me, no way. I refuse to take credit for your languishing in the industry when you’re so clearly meant for something - ”
“I guess I get it,” Tony says, hand still close enough to Steve’s shoulder that he imagines warmth emanating from it. “You got the girl, told your other self to pull his head out of his ass, and tried to stop me from causing World War III. Makes enough sense.”
“You did up and leave, like you always do when things get tough. Always acting in your own self-interest.”
For years, Steve wondered if the way they’d woken up had changed anything. If it had nudged a cog in the wheel, if it had a butterfly effect on the way things played out. He wondered if it played a part in Tony declining to stay at the compound with them. In the dark of night, he dared to wonder if it had anything to do with Pepper and Tony’s temporary separation. He wondered if they should have talked about it, if anything would have come of it, if maybe it would have made Tony feel like he could stay and then Steve wouldn’t have ended up keeping secrets because he was always so scared of disrupting the tenuous relationship between them.
Tony isn’t taking visitors besides Stane, and then he disappears into the bowels of the city. Steve worries and worries and Peggy refuses to talk to him, instead seeking Jarvis’ company and helping with the more private funeral arrangements. Only a very small group of them attend: Steve and Peggy, Tony and Rhodes, Jarvis, and Stane. Tony looks stoically miserable the entire time, eyes red and empty as he looks into the distance and refuses to allow anyone to touch him.
“I know,” he says, knowing he’s getting that bratty way about him again. “But it would make me feel better about the fact that I’m going to be up all night fabricating you a new suit just because Barton can’t multitask.”
“Got you these,” he says, indicating the toothbrush and toothpaste. “In case you wanted…” He doesn’t need to clarify, merely nodding in the direction of the restroom.
“What about other people?” he asks, running a hand along the bark of a tree. He concentrates for a split second, and a squirrel runs up to disappear into its branches.
There’s no good response to that, Steve thinks, fingers itching to curl around a beer or a gifted thousand-dollar glass of scotch, pounding it back until his subconscious stops trying to convince him that he’d known the feel of Tony’s lips on his skin long before the other night. Instead, he locks his phone and erases his last sentence. He goes through the piece and painstakingly picks out anything personal until it’s perfectly bloodless, a skeleton of a piece about a man who saved the city and is no less humble for it.
“I know,” Tony says, looking down and meeting Steve’s eyes with his own. The thin skin around them crinkles slowly, and then they’re both tentatively smiling at each other. “Trust me, I definitely know.”
They spend a couple of days like that, lazy and dragging on in the best way. Steve helps Morgan drop blueberries into pancakes, letting her sit on the counter even as Tony gripes about how she should be standing on a stool instead. The three of them are content to drift in time, but then Morgan gets restless and whines about Disneyland.
“Thanks,” Tony says, and he smiles but it’s tight around the corners. It’s not his broad, easy grin that Steve’s come to recognize over the years, the one that feels like it could be just for him if he ignores the rest of the world around them.
“No,” Tony says, and he rolls his eyes and flips the frame up in the air to distract from how attractive Steve looks right now in his button-down with the sleeves rolled up to show off thick forearms, tails tucked in properly like he’s a college professor or something equally as pretentiously illicit.
“I stand by it,” Tony says, hands fluttering as he searches his person for something to fiddle with and comes up empty. They’ve dressed casually for this, in simple t-shirts and jeans, and he misses his armor of cufflinks and lapels and ties to adjust. All he’s got is his phone and the car keys, but those would make him appear plain rude. “Maybe there’s a part of you that sees him, whatever the hell he’d gone through, but I can’t. I felt for him, I hope he’s happy with whatever he ended up doing over there, but what makes a guy just fucking - ”
Tony taps his fingers on the glass, then sets it down on the nearest flat surface and rakes a hand through his hair.
Steve can’t help but laugh, and Tony looks caught off guard before he smiles wider than he has any right to - wider than Steve has any privilege to bear witness to.
Steve’s packed on some bulk since then. He’s not the bright-eyed and bushy-tailed twenty-something year old he’d been when he first met Tony, and he’s not the thirty-plus year old who’d been clinging to the last of a lean sort of boyishness while playing dress-up in designer formalwear. He’s broader, hardened, and he’s fairly certain that if he dug the box out from behind the neat row of suits he’d purchased himself, it would only end in disappointment.
“I want the full story,” he says seriously, licking his lips after a full sip of lemonade. “None of whatever bullshit you’ve been feeding Fury and Rogers. I want to know what’s been going on.”
“It will drive you crazy,” he says, shaking his head. “Everything here is only as permanent as you let it be. I wasn’t the most stable when I got here.”
“Jarvis says we can stay at the penthouse,” Peggy promises. “Just for the night, before Maria can fly back. Jarvis doesn’t want Ana to have to stay in the hospital alone.”
“I don’t know any more about this than you do,” he tells her, bending down to scoop up his pen and tuck it behind his ear once more.
Tony nodded slowly. “I guess I can understand that. So, here’s the thing. I don’t have family. Not blood family anyway. So when you losers moved into Avengers Tower, it was like I suddenly was overwhelmed with family.” Tony waited for Steve’s nod to continue. “I hid out a lot in my workshop.”
Tony closed his eyes, imagined his suit flying towards him, wrapping him in the safety of its metal embrace. He concentrated as hard as he could and then eventually opened his eyes with an irritated sigh. “So now that we’re done with that exercise in futility, can we please go back to explaining….what?” he asked as he realized that everyone was staring at him, some with a hint of fear.
“No, really, think about it. I’m safe in the suit, I know Loki, and I have a bullshit detector as big as the Empire State.” Tony went for earnest sincerity. It was worth a try.
“You two need to go and fuel those super-soldier bodies,” Tony ordered them. “I have plans for you both.”
Natasha snatched the phone so quickly that Steve didn’t even see her move. “He wants to talk.” She sounded wondering. “After running away, leaving me alone, he wants to talk.”
Loki’s eyes were a little wild. Tony wondered just what he was hiding in that bats-in-the-belfry brain. “C’mon, Loki, we’ve all been through it. Just give up your secrets and we’ll all be BFFs forever.”
She released her shields with a small, wounded sound. Steve took a step towards her, but Vision pulled her into his arms before any of them reached her. “I am sorry.” Her words were muffled against Vision's chest. “I thought...”
Xavier heaved another sigh. “Very well.” He looked at Ross who was watching them with defiance. “Do you understand why none of us will ever support this Bill?”
“Tony,” Bruce’s voice came from the doorway. “The only way this is going to work is if we all talk this out and then let it go.”
Bucky’s grin was blinding. “That’s better,” he said. “At least you don’t look like someone kicked your puppy.”
Jim’s mouth thinned. “You’re calling me a liar?” His fist clenched. Tony continued unbuckling it from his shoulder.
Loki smiled and it made Tony’s skin crawl more than just a little. “It is in your blood, little human,” he crooned, his voice a lullaby. “I did not see it before but there it is.”
“Tony tried to talk to you,” Rhodes said. “You wouldn’t listen. You had those people back there follow you for the sake of one man. One man that Tony
Steve touched Bruce’s hand. “If I sleep, I see Tony falling,” he whispered, glancing over to where Natasha and Clint sat. “I see Bucky falling. I can’t do anything to stop it.” He clenched his fists. “I’m supposed to be a super soldier and I can’t do anything to save the men I love.”
“That’s not poss….” Steve’s voice trailed off as he watched in horror as a bomb or a missile hit Tony’s Malibu home, and the side of the cliff just started collapsing. “We need to get there!” He felt sick to his stomach, praying that Tony hadn’t been there. He spotted the suit and felt a moment of relief until he saw that it was Pepper wearing it and she was helping a woman he didn’t recognize out of the house.
Steve’s arms tightened. “I don’t care about before. I’ve got you back and that’s all that matters.” He lifted his gaze to look at the other three. “It’s Bucky,” he said needlessly.
“And?” Sam wasn't any kind of help. He was another asshole to add to the stable of assholes that made up the Avengers Initiative.
“I like the machine you Midgardians call a toaster,” Loki declared, strolling onto the balcony with his own plate of Pop Tarts. “It is a simple beast and yet it performs exactly to its strengths.”
act. If he wasn’t already semi in love with Captain America, Pepper would be on his list of forever loves. She was already on the forever friends list, which, admittedly, was pretty sparse.
Bruce’s desk console lit up, pulsing at her in flashes of blue and gold. “I guess that answers the question,” Bruce said.
“Nah.” Dean shook his head. “I grew up as a hunter, was taught that the monsters were bad and the humans needed to be protected at all costs.” He looked around him. “I lost track of that for a while and this place reminded me of the purity of our mission.”
Tony nodded. “I had a … difficult relationship with my dad,” he said. “He wanted me to be perfect and I wanted to disappoint him.” He’d grown easier with talking about his problems. Rhodey and Pepper had both squeezed it out of him and Bruce “I’m not that kind of doctor, Tony”, had been a sounding board he’d used many a night.
‘Where did this come from, Rogers?” Tony asked, forgetting to keep his voice low. “And just who gave you the right to say it was okay for Bucky and I to be ….?” He waved a hand. “To be!”
He hurried through his shower, pulling on clean jeans and a white t-shirt before he took the elevator to the living area.
Steve stepped between them. It was clearly brewing up to a fight. “And still conversely, it may also be his best chance against us,” he pointed out.
He trusted Bucky, had trusted him for all his life, even when he’d been the Winter Soldier with death in his eyes. He trusted Tony too, had trusted him from the moment he’d sacrificed himself for the people of New York, taking a nuclear warhead into an alien portal.
“How about no?” Tony’s eyes narrowed. Steve had forgotten how unnerving it was to be the full focus of Tony Stark’s attention. “Why did you do that?”
“Have you noticed how all the villains say the same thing?” Tony asked Richards curiously. “They’re all ‘grr, argh, you will pay’, and then nada. All style and zero substance.”
Thor’s cape swirled around him as he stalked around the room. “If any of the stones had gone missing Asgard would have been told,” he insisted.
Loki’s lip turned in a terrible facsimile of his usual sneer. “You cannot force me to tell you.” He sounded as though he hoped they could.
Tony stilled. “What?” He looked at Bruce. “The only other Alpha Level was…” The sound of a helicopter drew his attention back to the monitor. “That fucking son of a fucking bitch,” he hissed as he watched Fury step out, coat swirling around his legs. His arm was strapped up, but he looked none the worse for wear.
“Apologies, friend Tony.” Thor sounded chastened. “I have been trying to explain to our good Captain that I am not entirely sure that my brother means true mischief.”
“He had a heart attack because of us?” Steve was appalled. “We would never have come here if we knew we were endangering his life.”
“That was my understanding.” Thor nodded. “But as I have been banished, much could have occurred in my absence.” He looked tired suddenly. “My brother has never been satisfied. His desire for power has always been greater than the appetite Jörmungandr has for eating worlds.”
“He must have been so hurt.” Wanda’s voice had Steve turning to her. She’d been sitting so quietly, watching and listening, that he’d forgotten she was there. “It must have broken his heart to be betrayed so by a friend.”
Tony decided to keep the suit hidden for now. He had no idea what was coming, but perhaps having a surprise advantage in hand wasn’t a bad thing. He thought maybe Hell wasn’t too au fait with Iron Man and Tony Stark. He had a feeling Crowley knew but he hadn’t asked, so Tony wasn’t telling.
“No!” Steve put his hands on the table, leaning forward. “You are not a power-hungry nutjob, Tony. You’re an inventor, you love being in the field. Being Iron Man isn’t a suit you slip on, it’s who you
Tony hopped from foot to foot, trying to get the feeling back in his legs. “Where have you been?” he asked. The night carried a chill that had him shivering.
and belatedly realizing that no one’s asked for a defense. “He’s got chemistry with anything with two legs, I’m pretty sure he’s got a thing for his assistant with the way he talks about her, and I’m just...”
“I think I’m alright,” Steve says, looking out at the empty street before them. He’s absolutely gorgeous like this, truly inhuman, and it’s mildly disconcerting with how he’s holding Tony’s hand again, thumb stroking against Tony’s skin.
” Tony shrugs as he wiggles closer, efforts somewhat hampered by the momentum of the car accelerating. There’s a heavy aura of dark liquor still emanating from him, like a sotted-up foggy mist. “Don’t worry, I don’t call him that to his face. I have manners.”
He doesn’t mind, not as he watches footage from a previous mission and indicates where she might have hesitated too long or been overly aggressive. When they’ve wrapped up and switched to watching a movie that Peter comes in and recommends, Steve finds his mind wandering and excuses himself halfway through.
“Tony,” Pepper sighs. “You’re going to give me a migraine if you don’t get to the point, and then I’m going to fully blame you if any negotiations happen to head south tomorrow. You’re the one who wanted their windmill technology in the first place, remember?”
“Don’t knock the cosmos,” Steve mumbles disapprovingly, tugging at the hem of Tony’s t-shirt. “I promised him.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Tony interrupts, rolling his eyes as he draws upright. He’s too close, side smashing right up to Steve, and Jesus, Steve really needs some fresh air and a cold shower. “I’m coming, primarily here to convince senators that aliens aren’t coming back to pick up where they left off, I know.” He leans up then and, to Steve’s complete dismay, pops the briefest kiss on Steve’s cheek. Only it’s a little off-kilter, landing somewhere closer to Steve’s sensitive jawline, and the entire thing has a greater effect on him than it should.
This time he brings himself up short, not giving Tony the opportunity to cut him off again. He can’t stop thinking that he’s been under the impression that maybe he’d mattered, only now he’s finding that the gift had likely been some warped manifestation of guilt and the granted interview a misdirected investment in Steve’s future. It’s clear now, how little he’d mattered to Tony all along, only it’s not all adding up and it’s making Steve’s head hurt.
Steve’s is a breath from the front door and in the middle of looking up taxi companies when he hears the click of five-inch heels approaching, and he whirls around so fast he feels the not-yet-dissolved tablets in his stomach threaten to violently eject themselves via esophageal escape route.
“Then we can come there,” Tony offers immediately, like he’d anticipated needing multiple options. “Morgan might like a multi-night sleepover, she’d love Serena. Or you can come to Malibu. I’ve got her the entire spring break, but I know Pepper is bummed they can’t spend that time together. We can dump the kid one day, take a field trip or something.”
“Well,” she says eventually, pushing loose hair behind an ear and acting as though she isn’t wearing an oversized button-down, underwear, and nothing else in the middle of the afternoon. “Now I understand the urgency regarding the pool.”
He questions what he knows. Whether those feelings had been real, and not invented out of being driven crazy by existing as a near ghost in an alternate timeline. Steve asks himself if he’d merely cared for Tony like a friend, like a coworker, like someone he was sad to see go before he had reached his true potential. There must have been a reason why he’d never known he’d loved Tony back in his universe, and he searches for understanding in a world that was never his to exist in.
Morgan slouches into the kitchen, looking like she’s five going on twenty-five, and eyes Steve as she goes for the refrigerator. Her backpack is some silvery sparkly thing so full it looks like she’s barely gotten the zipper shut.
He cannot risk this. There is more than his life at stake this time. The years have made him soft and weak, and on the day he leaves the picket-fenced one-story for the last time, he does so with a plastic bag full of damp paper towels and cosmos seeds. Tony answers Steve’s call and arranges it all with his usual aplomb, and when Steve steps out onto the lawn of the compound, a wave of nostalgia hits so strong it nearly knocks him to his knees.
Mouth tipping further up, Tony lowers his lashes in an endearingly poor attempt at playing coy. “Don’t know if anyone’s ever told you, but if you can help it, you’re not supposed to show up the actual nominees at these things.”
“Heard some of your pals paid you a visit,” Tony says, managing to sound nonchalant and bothered at the same time.
For perhaps the billionth time, Steve takes stock of all the things he has deprived his Peggy of. Their life together was full, rarely dull and personally fulfilling, but he attempts to take comfort in knowing that she was a different sort of happy in his original universe.
“We live to die. We see death over and over, until its arrival begins to feel like that of a friend beckoning us on a new great adventure. The sacrifice comes easy, something we plan for, something we are no longer afraid of. But Tony,
There’s too much to say and not nearly enough space. It pours out of him, and he knows he’ll have to edit it down until it looks a little less like a love letter to what Tony’s nipples look like pebbled in fifty-degree weather and more like a professional profile on an untouchable genius, but it’s something, and that’s really all he’s got now that Tony’s gone.
“It does,” Steve says, because he’d thought about it all for a very long time. And then, because he can’t even begin to imagine the enormity of what Tony is feeling right now - “I’m sorry. If it hurts to hear, I can stop.”
Except- that….that was a lie. Because there was a red and gold gauntleted hand, palm open, not five inches away from Bucky’s face. Screen Steve was too far away, the white noise was mounting to a screaming climax, the laptop was beginning to dent a little under his tightened grip, but nothing,
, where Ginger thought Fred’s character was a married man; she was reluctant to dance with him at the start, but then got inexorably pulled in by his charm. That flashy throw-and-dip maneuver right at the end…Bucky had unsuccessfully attempted it with many a lady, Mabel had even broken an ankle because of i-)
Sometimes it was important to keep oneself deceived. To focus on the restless motions of your best friend on the flight over, and not think of what was coming ahead because Sam’s mind was a blaring field of static now-as the cold light behind War Machine’s eyeslits stared back at him, and he couldn’t bring himself to raise his head.
“I know.” Tony felt his own lips curve, higher and higher still. Rhodey matched him inch for inch, bright and strong. Damn, how he loved this man.
-he never learned how to dance, not properly-thus, an upbeat voice inside his head pointed out, making perfect sense for him to actually attend classes. Tony was rounding the far corner now, damp patches on the undersides of his sleeves clearly visible, getting closer-Steve didn’t even
Maybe because Queens didn’t expect Tony fucking Stark to be meandering in its lanes, not strutting or demanding attention. People just hurried by on their own business, harried and tunnel-visioned. They just looked so……purposeful. Like they knew exactly where to go and what to do, even if they didn’t necessarily enjoy it.
, perhaps into the background, perhaps somewhere else. The last time he’d watched one of Tony’s videos had been of that ill-fated, infamous birthday party-
He jerked awake, the satin sheets sliding against the cold night sweat that soaked his limbs, lips parted in a silent scream. Sleep mocked him gleefully, beckoning him into its mindless embrace and then shoving him out, terror ringing in his ears and hands scrabbling down his chest to feel warm skin instead of cold meta-
It was only time before he met Scott, after all. One extra Particle than he had, one trip to the forties and back – and his self could be spared the pain of thirty years in the ice.
, he was making a circuit around the stage, handing out passes to the grasping, flailing hands from the crowd. And Steve was…he was right
“Automatised metallic exoskeletons equipped with repulsor ports that enable free air suspension, you know this-” The response was automatic. Hell, Rhodey was good at this.
Tony’s lips quirked without his permission. Three strides and he was looming over the back of the chair his best friend was comfortably cossetted in, casting a shadow over his shoulder and the streamlined design that was emerging on the drafting pad. “You know, I never thought I’d say this to any man except Steve – but your cans are positively glorious, pooh bear.”
, his heart was going to run itself out, thank heavens he’d never met Tony back before the serum, because that smile would have given him a bloody
Tony doesn’t think back to the instant he fell in love. Not merely because it was no single instant, but… after the ceaseless march of years and decades and what seems like entire ages, it almost feels unimportant.
Walls, bars, cells. Red sparks of magic snuffing out into nothingness. “That’s an oversimplification.”
“Slowly.” The voice said. The glass moved away, and Steve tasted after it, tongue flickering out futilely in the dry air. “Don’t move too much.”
“So I turned to him and said, ‘well, I don’t know about love. But all that other stuff you mentioned sounds pretty fantastic’.” Peter was leaning into MJ’s side now, with all the light of the world in his eyes, while she gave his elbow an affectionate squeeze – Tony blinked rapidly, eyes burning with a curiously sweet sting. “And he goggles at me and goes, ‘you’re the only person I’ve asked who thinks I’m not crazy.’ Of course, cut to ten years and now, we’re gathered here commemorating the occasion solid proof was
T’Challa inclined his head, just a couple of degrees. “You know how I dropped Zemo off at the mercy of the international authorities. I’ve been meeting with Everett Ross myself every couple of weeks, following up on speedy indictment and punishment.”
But the words remain dammed up behind his lips, refusing to be spoken, because Maria and Howard taught him too well and he’s nothing special.
T’Challa leaned back in his chair, spine still impeccably straight. His tone was inscrutable. “What do you plan on doing with it?”
(He didn’t know if he hated or feared To- Stark’s ability to push him this way, push and push and push, till the very concept of lines had been erased from one’s head and gravity was reversed and he could never know if he was being propelled to heights he’d never imagined before or falling to depths that he’d never comprehended.
Steve wasn’t following the script, the traditional wry half-grin replaced by something warm, yet serious. His gaze was steadfast. “Genius has nothing to do with it.”
“My best friend.” There was no mistaking the affection in Rhodey’s voice, even with how quiet and withdrawn it sounded. There never was. Constant and unwavering and never leaving and all those stupid, stupid things. “The genius who revolutionised the world of artificial intelligence and robotics, but who still considers clean energy his biggest achievement. The business man with billions of dollars to his name. The superhero who saved a planet. I never thought I could love something more than flying a plane, but you gave me War Machine and….” Rhodey’s eyes were glimmering in the light. “And I could
A shining image, through rose-tinted glasses. There was something about that too, which rattled at the shadowy edges of his mind; tinted glasses, tinted glasses and dark eyes–
Steve stared at Tony, at those features lined with exhaustion and determination, but steadily growing darker and more worried. What would it be this time, what would be the change- would he be quicker on the drop, try to down both of them before they could really put up a fight? Take them in, hand them over-
Tony dimly registers the TV still playing on in the background. Where was he? Right, right. An app. That suggests suitable love poetry according to your needs…
Tony considered his options. Going into cardiac arrest was right out, no matter how close he felt to it in the moment. Playing along it was, then.
Steve didn’t……if there had been any specific moment that Steve could pinpoint, where the lead in his gut solidified to cold, hard regret- it would be this. He spoke on- because that’s what he did, pushed on no matter what, but he didn’t recognise the sound of his voice. “Vision.”
The couple behind them was older, a glint of grey outlining the man’s tamed mop of curls, silver gleaming off his rimless spectacles. His partner had dark hair to match, bunned up at the back, a prim cardigan over a dark shirt dress. She didn’t bend her spine, the slant of her chin almost standoffish-their movements overall simple and methodical. They executed the six count turn precisely, crosskicks and all. As the song moved to its next stanza, the man inched forward and murmured something, his partner arching a brow in response; resuming their step without a missed beat.
Holy crap, guys. I've never had such a.....quite frankly, AMAZING reception to one of my works before. Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU. To think you all took the time out of your busy lives to drop a kind word- and indeed in some cases, lines and lines of them, means the ABSOLUTE WORLD to me. We all know how negative fandom can get at times; and writing this fic, and reading all of your responses to it, has reminded me how much fun it can actually be XP
Steve lounged on the bed, naked belly rubbing against the sheets – Tony glowered at him for good measure. “How exactly did you come across it?”
He pushed himself back from the suit with a squeal of rubberised wheels, the helmet staring at the floor with empty eyeslits. Hobbled off the seat to stand up straight, breaths loud in the still air – bright spots dancing even when he closed his eyelids. Okay fine, time for beddie-bye.
“Coming!” He heard Peter yell, and then the sound of tennis shoes pounding down a staircase. A misstep- “-mother
Tony glanced up, eyes wide and surprised in response; then seemed to recoil into himself. “Doesn’t matter.” He flung out, all pretences of humour and restraint gone. “You’re still as unprepared to compromise as you were months ago, Rogers; don’t even dare to pretend any different.”
“Seventy five, point two three zero six north, ninety nine point one one three zero west.” With every blink, Steve can see her memorising the numbers. “Find him, kick his ass into gear. Don’t let him run.”
Tony approached cautiously – Wilson had nearly cannibalised him over ruining his Angry Birds Space score, attributing his drop to five hundred and seventeenth place in the leader scoreboards to startlement-via-Stark. Tony was surprised enough people still played Angry Birds Space for there to have been a five hundred and seventeenth place. Regardless, his steps were mincing and dainty-like until he rounded the front of the couch and Steve exonerated him from all future accusations by mumbling out a distracted, ‘hey Tony’.
Tony grinned at the lifeless helm of the Mark XVII, irrepressibly cheered. “I was thinking of putting in skylights in the workshop – brighten the place up. Whaddya think?”
was what Tony was about to completely, unironically say – which was inadmissible, so this is what he said instead. “could take that either of two ways, which is that you’ve finally been confronted with the bland, whitebread nature of your existence, in which case good on you, or that you think you’re the coolest thing since
“There was a bombed out bar, half a mile out from our base at the time.” Steve’s jaw barely moved as he spoke, the straight lines of it firming up like this was all just like any other setback. Set your jaw tight and push through, right? Tony wanted to break those lines on his knuckles, soothe it with warmed breath. “They hadn’t taken the alcohol when they ran, and I helped myself…after. Whiskey, mostly. Three bottles. Calvert – Buck and I’d never been able to afford it, but we used to see the ads in the paper – men lounging in a boat, fishing with full tumblers in hand, while a longnose shark jumped in the background.”
“And now I’m telling you I don’t, anymore.” Tony replied, gently. “Not that I don’t require your assistance. I’d be flying dead without you. But during downtime, unless I actively ask you for something- I’m asking you to gather some really important data for me, instead of shepherding my daily activities. Can you do that?”
A faint dialling tone emanating from the vicinity of his elbow; oh, his helmet stuffed in its crook, of course. Lifted it gingerly and slid it halfway on, careful to avoid jagged edges. The sound got louder with proximity, seeming almost unreal in the barren landscape.
The redhead daintily made her way over to Danvers, the ladies automatically sliding into a relaxed sway, hands fitting over shoulders and hips. But no one was looking at that: all attention was firmly caught by the two men in the centre throwing their limbs out like the jitterbug had gone out of fashion, and they were determined to retrieve it from its shallow grave. It was shoddy, with jumps gone wild and kicks out of time-and Steve could hear Tony’s laughter above it all, clear and free-spirited and
Steve raised his head. He could still only see the back of Tony’s; dark strands at the nape curling in the fading sunlight. He took one step. Then another.
“Maybe they were just mad at the customer service.” Tony shot back a weakass smile of his own, then realised the faceplate was still down and flipped it open with a command. Ugh, amateur hour over here.
.” Well-tailored as they were, Peter’s sleeves still flapped with his gesturing, aforementioned cufflinks glinting under the light – blood-red hour glass shapes embossed on plain obsidian circles. “Just because she hangs on your every word with all the fangirling and ‘Mr Stark’s–”
There were two shields hanging on the wall too-Steve moved towards the closer one. Persian, early 19
“That’s right, Captain Rogers.” Vision’s voice replied, levelly. There were no pleasantries following it. That….answered all questions about whether the android could feel emotions, Steve supposed.
“No.” Natasha said, and Clint wanted to take those little jars in his hands, take them and smash them against the tile. Small glass jars of blackberry jam that his wife had slaved over because she couldn’t think about why her husband wasn’t home with their kids.
The tiny sound got lost somewhere, in the milieu of chirps and mechanical whines and appliances whirring- that over the years had become habit and lullaby both to his ears. Even now- when his eyeballs squeaked in their sockets from dryness, eyelids limned red and scalding, the workshop blurring in and out of focus around him in a parody of a dream that cannot come without sleep; the sounds still soothed him. Constants in a fracturing world.
as the drop of red rolls off the rim into the concrete, and Stephanie Rogers lifts her shield up higher, sheepishly, as if she’s expecting to be charged with public littering at any minute. The scarlet has left behind no trail, like mercury off glass, the metal dully shining as ever. It’s perfect-vibranium, the rarest of the rare, unblemished and unchangeable. Enduring. It’s her.
“Of course.” It was like the affirmative words were falling out, one after the other, tripping out from Steve’s tongue- but they didn’t mean anything. “I’m…I’m sorry Sam.”
A shadow flies by overhead, accompanied by a very familiar drone. Tony resists the urge to sigh. Goddamned Doombots.
“I don’t know, maybe it’s the constant disappointment.” Tony shot back, more vicious than anything else, common sense thrown all to hell. Fuck, he was just so
Sam raised an unimpressed brow back- Steve resented him for it, because he’d never been able to pull that particular trick. Not like he’d ever say that out loud though. It was so sneakily satisfying to let Sam think that Steve was better than him at (mostly) everything.
Up and over his head-Tony brought down the shield with a vicious strength in his sinews he didn’t know he possessed, straight at the deceptively glass-like reactor casing. The recoil shuddered through his entire upper body this time, shoulders taking the brunt of it. It hurt; muscles crying out in protest, tendons twanging, salty sweat mingling freely with the metallic blood that spotted his lower lip, trickling inexorably into the matted tangle of his goatee. He spat to the side and swung at the light again.
Sam could hear it too, without ever physically listening to the message. “Bring Falcon,” the Manhattanite accent curling sharply over the ‘c’, truncated abruptly at the ‘n’. He could see Stark’s cold eyes as he voiced the message, dark irises just as aimless.
“Should I dim the lights further?” FRIDAY enquired, as perfectly considerate as she always was. “You’ve just had about six hours of sleep, and the sun’s not exactly up-“
Over this sound of his blood thumping crazily in his eardrums, he hears the other Avengers not-so-stealthily making their retreat. He only knows they’re gone when the sound of Natasha pissing herself laughing finally dies down-and here they are, Tony staring determinedly at a closed jar of applesauce with his frozen feet apparently incapable of movement, and a blue-eyed stare boring a hole (
“Cockiness isn’t going to land you a position on the team, you know.” And the room was as dingy as ever, bulb trying on in vain to illuminate the little space, but somehow it stopped looking so dim.
“No need Fry. ‘Sides, sleeping pills are for the strong.” All those pesky people with non-addictive personalities.
“Trust me, I can whinge about it right now.” Tony’s mutter was lost somewhere in the pillow, till he lifted his chin with great effort and blearily cracked his eyelids open. “Who dares disturb the post-orgasmic slumber of a geriatric?”
“I think,” Natasha began slowly. Clint raised his head, and she was mirroring the little upturn to his lips. “The word people use here is ‘preach’.”
Today, though. Today. Today the blip had moved, too far from upstate New York- and somehow Steve could picture in terrifying detail as the plastic flip-phone was finally thrown into a waste bin and collected by trucks and shipped out of the Facility and
“We’ve been over this. It’s not conducive for combat.” Rustling of papers punctuated the statement; sometimes Tony swore that Natasha had stacks flown in from the latest technophobic country or whatever just to make his teeth grind. Hell, SI had gone paperless actual
“It’s called the National Gallery of Victoria.” The words emerged immediately in an excited spurt, earphones jerking in response. Steve raised a hand to readjust the finicky device, the tiny buds at the end of tangled wires barely clinging on to the gigantic crevice in his clearly oversized ears. How did people nowadays go around striding down the roads and jogging through parks without those wires falling and dragging at their heels anyway? “It’s Australia’s oldest, and largest art museum. They’ve opened up the doors to all their exhibitions for White Night.”
“No,” A slight flush entered Peter’s cheeks, but he persisted in speaking. “but his company has been making incredible contributions to the pharmaceutical industry and they’ve been branching out into nanotechnology for a while…I’ve already joined and I just. I want to do applied chemistry in college and SI’s focus is mainly on the coding and mechanical engineering side of things-”
“The organisation that prevented a dozen world-ending events and protected several generations from harm? Yes, the very same.”
What did come, after several seconds of drawn out silence was a faint chuckle. His eyelids fluttered open despite themselves, and he watched another Tony Stark crouching in the shadowed corner, clad in the same sweats and a different tank top, regarding the scene before him. Hollows beneath his eyes even darker than before, if that was even possible, mouth twisted into some bitter slash of amusement and….deprecation was too light a word. It was like that same dark flicker in his eye when he’d been talking about that youth perishing in Sokovia-
“Between you and me, again, I think he’s worried he’s lost a bit of his mystique.” Tony yawned, covering his mouth a little belatedly. And it was just four in the afternoon too, fuck this shit. “I told him on a mystique scale from Homegrown Hawkeye to Sorceror Surly, he was a–”
Fuck, he was here. Tony slid a pass into the chubby fist of the kid propped on his dad’s shoulders, high fived his other hand, ruffled his hair. Steve felt something warm, and strangely gooey stir to life inside his chest. And then those eyes moved over to…
For all of his vendettas against ancient implements, there was something ineffably peaceful about the sound of pencil scratching against paper, soft and rhythmic. It was practically Tony’s lullaby at this point – head sinking into goosedown, closed eyelids limned orange with the afternoon sun, and the sound of Steve labouring patiently at his artist’s pad; a source of steady warmth at Tony’s side. A steady
“You know,” Tony continued, the faintest trace of uncertainty seeping in, “to assist you to better stalk-”
, he thinks, because it’s a building stone and she’s Captain America. And if you can’t believe Captain America when she tells you you’re like every other piece of scrap iron on the street, who can you?
“SHIELD was your first real anchor. Something you could hold on to, come back to. And then, suddenly…you couldn’t.” Natasha blinked twice during the spiel, facial expressions barely flickering. “I understand you felt you couldn’t trust a higher power after tha-”
“I’m glad for anything you choose, Buck.” He said, hand on Bucky’s smoothened, metallic stump (it was the best even T’Challa could do, with the wires charred black and burnt to a crisp as they were…). “You’ve had that right taken away from you long enough.”
, a little guiltily sure, like she’s a little kid that got away with stealing from the cookie jar; except for the fact that she just broke a man’s bones and is wearing his blood and
“You still there?” Sam’s voice shot through the deep-splintering the canvas of machine noise, as clear as a trilling bird in silent, mountainous gorges.
“I don’t know them.” Tom returned simply, eyes falling shut for a second as if to feel the drizzly wind better.
“Then I sick SI’s legal team on them.” Tony smiled, teeth sharp and bared. “There are enough loopholes in that incoherent compilation of a hundred and ninety capital interests; and the Accords are still essentially a legal document. I bury the governments in their own red tape, and hopefully by the time they manage to untangle themselves, the situation would already have been resolved. Agendas can conflict, and we can use that to our own benefit.”
“And Bruce?” Steph actually asks, kicking her heels up in her long stride like she’s enjoying this. “I have a feeling uranium would be a little insensitive.”
Another whirr, and Steve watched them in action again- except the distance covered this time was too short to leave a trail. A strangled sound of pain slipping through the white noise screaming in Steve’s eardrums- Bucky, Bucky, that was Bucky, Bucky biting through his lip in pain as he landed flat on his stomach; but all of it was overlaid by a voice, words paring through Steve’s brain, almost hysterical in their calmness-
“I’ll come,” Natasha said, pretending to shuffle through her fake paperwork again. There were probably logical reasons behind the scam too, like ‘for classified eyes only’ and all, but damn if it didn’t feel vindictive.
But there were a few things he was not half bad at, like getting the hell over himself. So Steve squared his shoulders, tried out a smile of his own, “And I’m an old-fashioned kind of guy. I like putting effort into my…endeavours.”
“And make another apocalypse bot? No thank you.” He didn’t mean it, not really; it was an easy excuse. An easy excuse his brain came up with wayyy too quickly, but self-awareness was for morons and Tony wasn’t playing.
The memory winked out and left Tony blinking, the workshop just as quiet and shadowed around him. His voice seemed foreign- strange, somehow, even as the words emerged almost inaudibly, “Lights, thirty percent.”
“Tom.” The man said, an unfamiliar accent licking at the tail end of the word. He placed the little clay tumbler carefully on a stool a couple of paces away and turned back around, corners of his mouth upticking into something reassuring.
Peggy blinked, dark lashes batting through the stillness. She wasn’t wearing a ring. “Steve, I don’t know what you’re–
Another eloquent exhale. There was something more amused about it though, and something about the glimmer in those blue eyes, so rarely and welcomely conceding. “We did.”
Looking at a world he had no place in had never felt this…satisfying, though. Like Steve would be content to watch all his life.
Two seconds-enough to categorise heat and smell and touch (not taste. Not yet.) Steve whispered against Tony’s mouth, feeling the breaths rise and fall in tandem. “Don’t have to teach me everything.”
Tony had a brief, vivid vision of one of those Buzzfeed compilations of weird things New Yorkers did on the subway – and in it a picture of Captain America, glowering in the train with the shield on his back and a bag of satsumas clutched to his chest.
Steve’s voice stuck in his throat- this was a hard bargain. Faces and screams and numbers flashed before his eyes, but…
“Good.” Tony twisted the hat under his fingers further; Steve resisted the urge to pull it away from his hands, stroke his knuckles to soothe the anxious movement. “My name’s Tony, by the way.”
Open the camera up again. Done. Tap at the lightning. No helpful little note appeared, telling him if he’d mucked up something indelibly; just a little white line diagonally slashing through the lightning. Fine.
“You sure?” Natasha mocked, and the affection of it was raw salt and soothing balm all at once. “You’ve been looking pretty bummed lately. Maybe you should go back to bed, rest those old, creaky joints.”
“Kid….” Steve began, then winced halfway. The churning deepened. “Clint missed one of the kids’ birthdays?”
“It’s a biologically compatible metal. Doesn’t react with, or negatively affect body tissue. Even used in the treatment of certain cancers.” Tony remembers the darkness in Bruce’s eyes the first time they’d met, that ill-meant, sardonic smile. Remembers the split-second judgement of mercury-doesn’t stick to anything, deceptively toxic to the environment. He knows better now. “Besides, one of platinum’s biggest uses is actually as a catalytic converter in automobiles. Turns the harmful things in exhaust to environment friendly goop. I think he’d appreciate that.”
Today, though. Steve Rogers stood for a full fifteen minutes, watching the back of his ex-friend’s head, wondering if he’d ever be able to move his legs.
“Happy Sputnik Day!” Tony choruses, Thor’s deep base rumbling alongside his. Bruce is in the attached kitchenette, peering at jar labels in the shelf; Clint and Natasha playing
“But sometimes…” And the smile paled, faded unobtrusively into the distance. Tom’s eyes were clouded over. “Sometimes we remember other things. That is all.”
a point in Tony Stark’s journey, except it came towards the beginning, rather than the end. The issue, instead of the solution.
with all this. The words were escaping without reservation, whetted on the blade even as they were being made, and he got colder with every single one. “Reminds me of you sometimes, really. Best friend. Or Pepper, the great big love of my life. Or my father. Each and every one, with the same little patented expression, the crossed arms and the disapproving looks.
He didn’t need to say the rest out loud. Tony stared back all too comprehending, something close to horror shading his thoughts and eyes.
There was no cross-hatching in the drawing taking shape before his eyes now; no delicate play of light and shade, no licking of the little finger and subsequent smudging and blending of the charcoal. But it wasn’t any less mesmerising, for all that its beauty arose from the little scribbled figures around the straight lines instead of elaborate shading, the angles between – hell, it was practically geni–
Tony huffed slightly. He was definitely going to beat Rhodey on that one, one of these days. And he was never, ever going to play with Steve. “You like blueberries.”
Everything seemed to glow very faintly. The skies were reflected in the glossy facades of skyscrapers, in the water puddling on the sidewalks, like this was a dawn after a night of torrential rain.
“It was a decent thing you did,” she continues, and when the light flashes green, she steps down off the sidewalk in her signature heels with all the grace of a woman who regularly navigates crowded city streets in pointy stilettos. He has to use the full length of his stride to keep pace with her long legs, and briefly wonders if she towers over Tony when like this before vanishing the thought from his mind. “Especially considering what Pierce was asking you to do. It’s very difficult to say no to your superiors like that, but you stuck to your guns.”
“Rhodey’s here and desperate for attention,” Tony continues on. “But let Beth do what she wants, okay? She’s not up to anything unusual for her age.”
“Just focus on being here,” she says, and they keep on to whatever destination she has in mind. “We’ll work on it later, but it can be difficult at first. Tony bounced around between some fifty-odd locations at first because he couldn’t focus properly.”
It slots into place far more easily than any single revelation should. It explains the loneliness despite Peggy, why he’d sat back and orchestrated the things he did the way he had. It even explains why he’d stayed away from Tony his whole life, and he thinks of the conversation they’d had in the kitchen years prior in an entirely new light.
Steve doesn’t watch the last of the kids gradually make their way up to their rooms as Josie threatens them with bologna sandwiches for lunch tomorrow if they don’t go to sleep immediately. Instead he just makes up his bed as he does every night, and ignores how Denise eyes him from where she’s turned off the tv.
“Don’t stop on my account,” Tony says, voice gravelly as he indicates for her to continue. It feels good to get off his feet, and he’s got half a mind to kick his shoes off and fall asleep right where he is.
It’s a little like staring into the sun, burning bright and beautiful and knowing it will only hurt you.
“I can’t do this anymore,” she’d said, shaking her head. “I can’t do this to myself. I can’t live like this.”
Clumsy hungover fingertips catch on fine sheets as he nakedly scrambles out of bed, bare feet slipping on pale polished hardwood floors. A glance out the wide wall of windows reveals a fucking
Tony pelts him with a squishy grape, and Steve’s face splits with a shit-eating grin, and Tony can’t help but join in on the ensuing laughter.
“I know,” Tony says, looking like he’s grieving Parker’s loss all over again. “I know. It just makes you think.”
Denise leaves with a sad smile, and Steve cracks open his Coke and goes back to work, tuning out Beth’s chattering a few seats down. She’s good on the phones - gets people to stay on the line long enough to talk about the hard stuff.
“Yeah, well,” Tony says, unbothered as he leans back against Natasha’s legs. “You heard me earlier. Needed to make sure you didn’t decide to snatch up the first pretty face you saw.”
“Definitely,” Tony says with his natural confidence. “It’s when we became the Avengers, don’t you think that’s pretty special? Right, Steve?”
time - I couldn’t do that, and look where it got us. So it’s up to you. It’s always been up to you, and it always will be.”
“You did a decent thing,” she says, strong and full of conviction. He forces himself to clack his jaw shut, lips mashing together. “You did a decent thing when you didn’t have to, and when everyone was asking you not to. You risked your career on a man I’d looked after for the better part of a decade. When Pierce contacted the company to obtain rock-solid proof that you’d violated your employment contract by publishing the profile independently after spending time with Tony on the magazine's dime, I had our lawyers threaten to bury his lawyers in motions from then until eternity if he didn’t leave you alone.” Pepper looks at him sideways. “In the interest of full disclosure, we
“We can figure something out,” Steve says, petting her hair. She buries her head in his leg, overly dramatic and ignoring every time Pepper exasperatedly tells her to let go.
When Tony emerges, he looks considerably less like something yanked out of a shower drain and makes grabby hands for his water. Steve obliges.
He’s not wrong. The lighting directed at the stage is enough that the burst from the flame doesn’t make a lick of difference, but Steve still pays attention to how Tony looks swathed in artificial blues and purples, spotlights on a man who’s lived his entire life under them. Tony takes a few long moments to savor the first couple of drags, dried lashes fanned out and casting shadows over the tops of his cheekbones, and Steve takes advantage of the opportunity to stare.
Steve looks at the flower crown, that same sweet-smelling dark red, and then looks at Tony. His hair is still catching the light, still lighter in some spots, and it’s easy to lift the cosmos and arrange them atop his head.
“To understand,” Steve says, clarity striking. “It’s been - it’s been seventy years for me. I don’t know if I missed something, or if being here changed how you thought of me - ”
Steve gives most things at least a taste before deciding whether he likes it or not, and he’s unafraid to take what he wants and be upfront about what he doesn’t. It’s a marked difference, at least to Tony, and he grows used to it.
“But Pepper deserves another shot,” Tony says. “She deserves more than being tied to me for the rest of her life.”
“But then Bonnie’s lab partner came out last month and says that girls are much better kissers. She made out with a senior at a house party, and apparently the girl was super nice and didn’t force anything, and tasted like peppermint schnapps and peanut M&Ms.”
“This, coming from the guy who can barely be bothered to get his own coffee when Rogers is around,” Rhodes says as he passes, and Tony wastes no time in scowling after him.
“Now, you listen here,” Pierce says, shaking a finger in Steve’s direction. “As part of your employment contract, any interview and subsequent information obtained during your tenure is the intellectual property of - ”
He navigates through his contacts until he picks the one most likely to answer, and waits while the line rings.
Rather, he preoccupies himself by flagging down a bartender as politely as possible. In the short window of time during which the bartender serves at least three other people - who, while not exactly worth cornering for a quote, do rank far above Steve in a place like this - he waits patiently and considers one more cycle through the festivities before calling it a night. Some of the more prominent guests are leaving for less official after parties, anyway, and he doesn’t want to linger unfashionably.
“You’re not planning on going into space, are you?” Steve asks, but any potential concern vanishes when Tony shakes his head rapidly.
Tony doesn’t answer right away, too busy downing water in long swallows that Steve refuses to watch. When he pulls the mouth of the bottle away with an exaggerated smacking of his lips and a faint hiccup, Steve offers the plastic cap.
Tony leans in. Angles in close, swings an arm around Steve’s shoulders. He’s radiating enough heat to burn the building down, and Steve’s resolve crumbles into ash as he opens and closes his mouth without actually saying anything. It’s odd, how the preceding reputation indicates that Tony’s attention should be glued to the scene before them, and yet he’s barely spared the ladies a glance even when slipping a seemingly endless stream of hundred dollar bills under the edges of their skimpy outfits.
It’s too easy, Steve thinks as he holds the warm mug between his hands. Really, it’s astonishing that they’ve been managing to get along as well as they have, neither of them opting to bring up Steve’s misstep from the evening before, conversation about Tony’s team flowing well enough that Steve has nearly forgotten how angry he’d been only hours before. Surely there’s a catch somewhere, a trick step, and the longer things run smoothly between them, the worse that catch is going to be. That’s just how it goes.
“But why?” The words come out strangled, arrested and breathless, every dedication to stoicism thrown out the window. “All that stuff about accountability and relief efforts and outreach - what about all the good Iron Man’s done over the years?”
“Tell me what you think has changed,” Steve slides in, taking care to keep his voice as buttery as the leather up onto which Tony has pulled his legs. The glass of water remains untouched, a small pool of condensation circling the base. “Why do you think you’ve been offered this opportunity now, rather than, say, six years ago?”
Thor frowned. “That seems singularly inhospitable, friend Bruce. Our Scarlet Lady merely wishes to partake of sustenance, and you suggest she hits herself?”
“I am an artificial intelligence, sir. I am programmed to calculate absolutes, not possibilities.” She paused. “Logistically, the likelihood of you having travelled back from the future is approximately five billion to one. Give or take a million.”
Steve shook his head. “You’re so smart and help so many people. How the fuck do you not see who the real Tony Stark is?” He met Sam’s gaze. “He’s Earth’s best defender. He’s laid on the wire more times than you know.”
They were beautiful together, Tony thought as he watched Bucky take Steve’s cock in his mouth. Bucky closed his eyes, fingers digging into the meat of Steve’s ass while an expression of sheer bliss washed over both of their faces.
“The serpent, Jörmungandr, will use the Bifröst to come to Midgard and begin its conquest here too.” Thor closed his eyes. “Heimdall has sworn to destroy the Bifröst before that happens.”
“Bored.” She laughed. “He’s coming to visit tomorrow. Wants to have some fun with the new recruits.”
“No!” Steve, Bruce and Wanda all said at the same time. Wanda wrapped Vision in a shield of red mist before she even finished screaming. The force of her magic sent everyone tumbling to the floor.
“Well, Steve got here and Bucky had fainted so then Steve hugged Bucky and Tony ran away. Then Bucky and Steve went to find Tony.” Clint took a breath. “Then Steve and Bucky came back and walked in the garden and kissed and then Tony disappeared,” he finished with a rush. “Ow!” He scowled at Natasha. “I’m not lying!”
His last thought before he tumbled into unconsciousness was that somehow, despite everything, he managed not to
Bruce’s panic faded into a glare. “You’re an asshole,” he told Tony. “I don’t know why I thought it was a good idea to make you my best man.”
Steve swallowed hard over the knot in his throat. “Yeah,” he whispered. “I know exactly what you mean.” And he did. It seemed that all it had taken for Captain America to pull his head out of his own ass, was to get his best friend back and then lose his other best friend in the same moment.
“What I was trying to say before Tall, Dark and Inappropriate interrupted, is that if Steve Rogers grew up bullied, then he’s not going to trust easily.” Tony tapped a finger as he thought. “He doesn’t go to frat parties or even the post-game parties.”
“He is a telepath,” Wanda replied. “A very powerful one. He told me that he and Tony Stark have met up with Jörmungandr and are busy with reversing the spell.”
“Quantum fluctuation messes with the Planck scale, which then triggers the Deutsch proposition. Can we agree on that?” There was a tinge of hysteria in Tony’s voice as he paced the boardroom. Steve watched him as he shoved his hands through his hair.
“No.” Tony’s voice was firm. “I know we need to talk. Fuck knows I don’t want to talk to any of you, but hey, I fought for your pardon so I’m stuck with you. We’ll see you at the mansion. And then
“Drink?” Clint asked from behind the bar. He and Sam were busy pulling out bottles of everything they could find.
“It is a statistical fact that people who are certifiably insane often believe their own lies,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. offered, entirely unhelpfully.
Steve’s mouth curved in a small smile. “He’s not easy to get to know.” It had taken time, but he’d thought they were at the point where they could be open with each other. At least, until he’d heard Bucky’s voice on a phone, which felt like years ago now.
Tony didn’t look at him. “Apparently Vision told her to show me what could be if I just let it happen.”
“Someone needs to take the lead if something happens to us,” Steve said, shaking his head at Tony. “You’re the other team leader, you need to stay.”
She sent a pulse of apology his way. “That’s okay,” he said, patting the armrest. “Let’s do some digging, shall we?”
Tony held up a hand. “Please, allow me to explain myself and then you are all more that welcome to ask me questions.” He paused, waiting for the noise to die down. Eventually the President called them to order.
The woman in spandex, Carol, Tony reminded himself, said, “So let's get him. We can use the stones to bring everyone back.”
difficult. And Natasha’s opinion didn’t count just because she’d ‘worked’ for him for a heartbeat back in the day.
Scott held up the glass bottle. “These are Pym Particles, alright? And ever since Hank Pym got snapped out of existence, this is it. This is what we have. We're not making any more.” He looked around at all of them. “We've got enough for one round trip each. That's it. No do-overs.”
“I’m big, Tony. I don’t want to hurt you.” Steve went a little pinker. Tony wanted to wrap him up and hold him forever.
“Call me Natty again and you’ll be drinking through a straw for the next ten years,” she warned. Tony blanched, clutching his blanket to him like a binky.
Holding his arms out, he lumbered to the kitchen, following the tantalizing scent of his drug of choice. “Coffeeeeeee,” he intoned.
Tags amended for those who were offended. But I did warn y'all in the beginning that it might go this way.
“Thank you,” Steve said, fingers curling around the drive. “Your hospitality is something we are extremely grateful for and will never be able to repay.”
“Oh,” Bucky said, all wide-eyed innocence. Bucky hadn’t been innocent since the day he was born. “You mean like the inappropriate relationship you, Steve and I are having?”
“No,” Tony spun around. “This is it. This is the only way to stop him. The only way it will work.” He sounded manic and Steve was worried. When Tony got like this then things like Ultron happened.
This meeting was secret in all of the best ways. Secret location, secret agenda, even secret identities. Tony had made Vision wear a baseball cap and dark glasses as a nod to the mission. Vision had not been impressed.
There was no way on god’s earth that Steve was letting any one of his team members talk to Thor or Loki about their…special relationship. He finally understood the term ‘brain bleach’.
Tony watched them kiss. Two beautiful animals in perfect sync. He rubbed at his chest. They’d missed out on so much in his previous time line. He blinked. More and more was fading. He remembered less of his life of the past two years, filling instead with new memories of a love that had literally stood the test of time.
She nodded, her fingers limp between his. “We were going to leave together. After…” she said, tone far-away. “And then he left alone.”
“Yeah,” Tony said. “I like what I’ve seen of James Barnes so far. He’s full of shit but he’s not half bad. Kinda reminds me of myself a little. Only not as pretty or as rich. Besides, I know that Rogers won’t stay unless Barnes stays, so basically I have no choice.”
“Alrighty then.” Tony dragged the words out. “Since nobody knows anything, may I have this dance?” He held out a hand to Steve.
“I’ve met him.” Sam lifted his head. “He possessed me some time back. Locked me up in the Cage with him for a while. It broke something in me.”
“I know where Thanos is.” They all looked up to see two women walk in. One was a leggy blonde in a skin-tight outfit that Tony admired chastely. The other, the one who’d spoken, looked like a blue and silver Frankenstein’s monster of bits and pieces of metal patch-worked together to form something vaguely human.
“Our food,” Rhodey corrected, coming into the kitchen with a couple of bags from one of the local supermarkets.
“Because Clint needs to call Laura.” Steve used her affection for the Bartons to convince her. He refused to think of the fact that Tony’s number hadn’t been on the phone.
Tony cleared his throat. “Super soldiers from World War Two. Thunder god from Asgard. Gamma-rayed green rage monster. Deadly assassins who can’t be killed. Genius, billionaire, philanthropist super-hero in a suit.” He shrugged. “Can anything
Then, as though the stone knew how much its new host could cope with, it stopped. Satisfied with its work for the time being, it sent one final burst to the remaining part of the shattered organ that had not been able to keep Tony alive.
“Sorry about that,” Steve said, sounding not sorry at all. “Guess you’ll have to make do with one of us if you need us for something.” Tony totally heard the quotation marks in that one.
Tony held up a hand. “Please, don’t say it wasn’t that bad.” He met Bruce’s gaze. “We both know you’d be lying.”
Tony watched him, eyes narrowed. “That doesn’t sound much like the Steve Rogers I go to know,” he said.
Tony lifted one shoulder. “I haven’t got to where I am in the world by being timid, Loki.” He waved a hand at Wanda, repeating Steve’s question, “Can we trust him?”
Tony remembered the name, it was the clearest memory he still had apart from Steve’s body on the courthouse steps.
“My turn,” Tony demanded, pulling Steve away from Bucky and up into him. Bucky muttered a protest, but quickly settled for putting his mouth on Steve’s cock
“If you could call it that,” Tony said, finally pushing away from Steve. He allowed Steve to help him to his feet, bruised, battered, bleeding like the rest of them. “Where did Thanos go? Where is he now?”
“What?” Rhodey was wearing his very worst ‘innocent and stupid’ face. “I don’t know why you want me to hit you.”
Being the focus of those eyes was unnerving. “Tony Stark. Your father was one of the first I reaped.” She smiled a little. “He was feisty.”
Steve still looked doubtful. “Maybe we should get you checked out,” he said. “You took some pretty heavy knocks yesterday.”
“Tell me about him.” Bucky leaned toward Natasha. “I keep thinking he's the Bogey Man with how you all tip-toe around talking about him.”
“You killed Death?” Bucky didn’t seem able to let that thought go. Bruce looked almost concussed with surprise.
“We returned him to the ice he was found in.” Thor met Tony’s eyes. “I did ask if that would be acceptable to you, my friend, but you were not in a position to answer me.”
“Found it!” Sam crowed, making a loop-de-loop around the Quinjet. “Definitely Banner's last stand...what? Ow!”
Bucky tugged at Tony’s tee. “Want to check you over,” he said, pulling it up and over his head. Steve made it a little more difficult because he didn’t want to let Tony go.
Bucky froze in his arms. “What?” He pulled back to look into Steve’s eyes. “I…” His eyes were wide and wet.
“How did you…?” He sighed. “Ugh. You’re both terrible people,” he whined. “Can’t you just accept I hate an anxiety attack, and leave it at that?”
Steve’s shoulders slumped. “I’d like to have spent our last time together…together.” Bucky wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist, squeezing an offer of comfort.
Pepper came up behind him, pointedly ignoring Rhodey. “What is that?” she asked, wrinkling her nose. “It smells like  something died and decomposed in here.”
Pierce watched her, shark-like and ready to take his chance. “Disabling the encryption is an executive order, it takes two Alpha Level members.” He smiled. Tony wanted to put his fist through the screen. This asshole had assassinated Nick Fury and was just gloating about it now.
This time, Tony was capable of flipping him off. He flopped back on his bed, stomach roiling unpleasantly. “Okay, hit me.”
“God, Steve, he’s been so fucking damaged.” Tony’s voice broke. Steve didn’t dare turn to look at Bucky, to gauge what this was doing to him.
“Yeah?” Bucky strolled out to the patio area. The sun shone brightly and New York was spread out before them.
Jim stared at him. Tony rolled his shoulders. “Never mind,” he said. “I just wanted you to know that you’re not alone. I didn’t go through the same trauma that you experienced, but I walked around with a machine keeping me alive for the better part of the last ten years, so yeah, I know why you wake up screaming.” He flushed. “And with that little bit of TMI, you’re good to go.”
The phone that T’Challa had given Steve rang suddenly. Steve picked it up, putting it on speaker. “Your Majesty?”
Tony counted to ten. And then to twenty. Having the brilliance that he did reduced to 'science-y stuff' was....
that Thanos had it,” Rhodey corrected. Tony loved his bestie with all of his heart, but his visible animosity wasn’t making things any easier.
Steve’s reply evidenced his exhaustion. “Yeah. Everyone else is on the carrier.” The city shook and then started dropping. Someone had activated the core. Tony flew beneath the plummeting weapon of mass destruction, and looked up into the blazing core.
Despite the imminent danger, despite the lost years, despite everything, Steve felt his mouth curve in a smile. Something his mom had said to him once upon a time, when he was scrawny and broken from bullies beating on him, came into his mind. “The darkest hour has only sixty minutes,” he murmured.
“And just what is it that you are feeling, Steven Grant Rogers?” Tony felt like he’d been put in a tumble-drier and spun out dry and hot. This wasn’t supposed to happen. He was supposed to keep his distance. Not let them back in. Be aloof and yet kind. This wasn’t aloof, kind or distant. His body was on fire as Steve picked him up and carried him the few feet to his bed.
Bruce shrugged. “I’m going to have to deal with it some time. Might as well be at the White House where the entire world is watching.” He sounded grimly fatalistic.
Thor looked wounded, his hand falling to the side. “Ah, friend Tony, I have been remiss in my behavior. I have destroyed your places of dwelling in my eagerness to return home in the past.”
Bruce had the same thought clearly, because he hurried over to them. “What have you done now?” he asked.
“We’ll try not to do that,” Tony said, peering around Steve’s shoulder. “How big is he?” He could feel the stink-eye Steve was giving him.
“They went foraging,” Clint said. “Avengers in the wild. Should make the nine o’ clock news.” Tony exchanged a grin with him.
“I do.” Bucky’s reply was still muffled by Tony’s skin. “I like it just fine. It makes me feel safe.”
“Tony.” Bruce's voice brought him back to the present with a thump. He was sitting on the tree staring at Tony.
.” Steve refused to look away from Rhodes’ disbelieving glare. “I’ve done enough damage. To both of them.”
“What he said,” Rhodey agreed. Pepper’s hand was tight in his. It gave Tony a brief pang but the joy that bloomed inside him grew until he had to control his grin.
Her mouth curled in a small smile. “Since I lost my brother,” she paused, visibly struggling. Tony wanted to say something, do something, but that wasn’t what they were. She still scared him shitless. “I have had dreams,” she said once she’d regained control.
“What happened?” Tony demanded, seeing how red in the face Steve was. He was also out of breath which wasn’t the usual state at all. He debated calling the suit.
“Perhaps, while we wait for our thundery friend, you could all focus on trying to locate the Soul Stone?” Coulson suggested as he headed back into the main part of the mansion, phone already at his ear.
Sam’s dimples flashed briefly. “Been trying all my life,” he admitted. “Not the best track record for either of us.”
Tony took a breath. “I wasn’t expecting this.” And he hadn’t been. All he’d come back for was a chance to save Steve. A chance to tell him how he felt. A chance to make better choices.
Tony decided to distract Pepper. She’d come back to that subject no doubt later, but right now he wanted her attention off Bucky. She’d know exactly what was going on in about a second. “So Pep, is the house in order?” he asked, guiding her into the corridor with the elevator banks.
“And then the other one gets left behind,” Tony said. “Alone. On their own.” He loved being right. Poking holes in things was his favorite thing to do.
Steve resisted the urge to start shouting. “You know why.” The words were almost forced out. “What happened?”
“Everyone who knows you.” Vision sounded entirely sure of his facts. He probably was, Tony thought morosely.
“Frisky?” Tony boggled at him. “You may be over ninety years old, Barnes, but that doesn’t excuse the use of language that died out with the dinosaurs.”
“If we can restore Loki to his true form, he is capable of remarkable magic,” Thor said. “If our friend Tony was infected by Loki's bite then I truly believe that Loki's magic is the cure.”
“This is what he was planning to do all along.” Natasha was still sitting there, fingers idle in his hand. “He knew the Accords were going to happen. He just wanted to buy us some time to plan to change them.”
Tony slumped against Steve. “Don’t leave me behind,” he pleaded, opting for sincerity. “I’d go out of my mind if you did.” He refused to consider the possibility of time trying to reset itself and making sure Steve died. The only way he’d know that Steve was safe was if he was with him.
Tony would have gagged if it was anyone else who said it. Only Steve could get away with being sweet and romantic in the middle of a threesome. He adored him. And he wanted in on the action.
“If it's any comfort, they died in their sleep.” Tony recognized the voice. Zemo. “Did you really think I wanted more of you?” Bucky was staring at one corpse in particular.
Tony’s litany of begging and cursing was enough to send Steve to lie in front of Tony, lift a lazy hand and jack him off while Bucky pounded into him relentlessly.
Pepper rubbed a shaky hand over her eyes. “Captain, have you discovered anything about what sort of animal Matilda is?”
“That’s because you gave yourself alcohol poisoning.” Pepper’s grim tone had him realizing he’d said that out loud.
“Trust me.” Sam held up a hand. “While you were busy chatting up Nat and catching up with your ancient war buddies, Tony didn’t take his eyes off you.”
“For the last time, Wilson, it wasn’t your fault.” Rhodes walked over to Sam and clasped his shoulder. “We all fought each other. And honestly, life is too fucking short to hold a grudge.” That last statement was said as he looked around the room.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. sent it out when Bucky wouldn’t stop calling for him.” Bruce’s smile was fond. “It was pretty cute until he started trying to have sex with the suit.”
‘If you leave your suite, turn left and follow the blue wall,” F.R.I.D.A.Y said. “Boss made sure the kitchen was the center of the house.”
Bucky shrugged. “I’m remembering more and more and he was my best friend.” He watched Tony carefully. “But I’ll go along with whatever you want to do.”
“Are you saying that the thing he took out of Pepper and put in his body to get the arc reactor out is the Soul Stone?” Natasha could always be relied on to cut to the meat of a thing.
be family. There’s a show I used to watch. Someone once said that family don’t end with blood.” He smiled. “You can call me Don Tony if you really want to.”
“Fascinating,” Strange murmured, turning in a slow circle. That wasn’t the word Tony would have used.
“Can I tell you something?” he asked, desperate to stop bursting out that he was in love with the idiot in the stupid purple-tinted glasses.
Bucky shrugged. “Inflation,” he said. “Tony told me I’ve got lots of money coming to me from the US Army, so I’m feeling generous.”
“Let him in, J,” Tony said. “I’ll be out in a bit.” He touched his chest. The scar of the arc reactor had been eaten away when he’d injected Extremis into his bloodstream. And apparently the Soul Stone along with Extremis. Or was it the Soul Stone that had
“I don’t give a continental fuck if it was bad heartburn,” Pepper told him. “Tony will stay in that bed until the doctor says that it’s safe to leave!”
He scowled at the gauntlet in his hand, frustrated with the lack of technology that was so freely available two years into the future.
Steve did that big dumb blond aw shucks shtick that nobody believed any more. The fucker winked at Tony!
“You can’t just waltz back into my…our lives and assume that everything is going to be peachy keen.” He gave a mental flinch.
“Well, that sounds horrible.” Bruce stood at the entrance to the living room, watching them. “Anything that sounds a little less like the book of Revelation?”
“Not sure.” Tony was already pulling out his tablet. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.?” He wasn’t panicking yet, but Steve could see the fear rising in Tony’s eyes. The last time something like this had happened, they’d lost J.A.R.V.I.S.
Rhodey’s eyes rolled so hard it looked like it physically hurt. “Not like you gave me a choice, Tones.”
She smiled at him. “Shower and bed, Mr. Stark. Things are going to be pretty bumpy in the next little while.”
“Eccentric,” Tony corrected, scattering several minions with a couple of repulsor blasts. “Not weird.”
Tony mentally rubbed his hands together. “Turns out Hydra loaded his system with gamma radiation on top of explosive nanites that were designed to kill him if he ever went off mission.”
“Not anymore,” Sam said, moving to one of the other soft chairs in the library. “We’re as far from a team as we possibly could be. We’re here, Tony, Rhodey and Vision are in New York and Bruce and Thor are god knows where. We’re no team, Steve.”
Laura touched Clint’s cheek. “Don’t be a dumbass,” she said and it was clear in the softness of her eyes that their marriage was healing.
Steve smiled. “Is this really the weirdest thing we've encountered since we've been here?” he asked.
Tony lifted his hand to brush the hair away from Steve’s face. “I think we’re going to do just fine,” he said.
He spotted a handwritten sign advertising accommodation hanging over one doorway and parked the suit. He pushed inside, and the cool dark welcomed him.
“You can tell Natasha that I'm fine,” he said once he'd regained control. Natasha would understand, he thought. She might threaten to eviscerate him later, but she'd understand.
“Adam hasn’t been here for a very long time,” Michael replied, sounding unutterably weary. “Our Father took his soul eons ago.”
She closed her book carefully, movements precise as always. “Why are you asking me now?” she countered.
“There has been something pulling at me of late,” Vision said, silent up until now. “The stars keep calling.”
Bruce looked around the room. “I’m not sure I can explain the problems of quantum mechanics to all of you.”
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Old people sex?” If Laura had any sense of self-preservation, she would have not elaborated.
“It was, and you did,” Rhodey assured him. “I was mildly pissed off at you. Why didn’t you come to me?”
“He didn’t know me,” Bucky whispered. “Before.” He met Steve’s gaze then, eyes dark with pain. “There was no baggage. He didn’t give a shit about what I’d done, who I’d been.” He shook his head. “Who does that, Stevie?”
Tony staggered towards the sofa that was calling his name. “I’m going to sleep for a thousand years,” he informed the room, face-planting into its delicious softness.
“With the King of Hell.” Steve’s voice was faint, as though he couldn’t believe he was saying the words.
Natasha kicked him in the shin. “Dumbass,” she told him again, and the fond smile told them all that she meant it.
Steve turned his gaze back to Thor. Tony was right, they needed to be ready. Whatever was happening in Asgard tended to spill over to Earth at some point.
Steve dropped an arm around his shoulders. He didn’t say anything, just walked beside Tony, a broad, solid presence that grounded him like nothing else had ever done.
“Responsible member of society notwithstanding, I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to come with us.” Steve was digging his heels in, and stubborn Steve was Tony’s least favorite Steve.
“It’s a figure of speech, Thor,” Bruce explained. “It means that she must do whatever she wishes.” He sent a stern glare at Steve who couldn’t control the shaking of his shoulders.
“This will not hurt,” Wanda assured him as the tendrils of scarlet light entwined her arms. “It will be over in a moment.” The threads of crimson wound around Loki’s neck, and seemed to ooze up his neck to wrap around his skull. Loki’s eyes went wide and terrified as Wanda’s magic slipped inside his mind.
Tony had built Bucky a new arm, given him something so precious. Something that Steve had no way of competing with.
“About a million daddy issues, which I can totally relate to,” Tony added. “What about the other archangels?” He frowned. “There are about six of them, right?”
“He knows where we are,” Sam said suddenly. “He knows, but we’re still here. Free.” He took a step away from Steve.
But Wanda was already boarding the Quinjet, along with most of the team, and Steve was sitting with a visibly not-okay Tony.
“Shut up and let me do my thing, Cap,” Tony ignored his desperate voice. “They’ve wired this to blow out the wazoo.”
Bucky slithered up Tony’s back, plastering his body over Tony’s. “You’re talking too much,” he rumbled.
Steve put his beer down. “Talking?” he suggested. “Catching up on everything that happened while we were all so fucked up?”
“Rhodester.” Tony propped his fists on his hips. “Not cool.” Then he broke, cackling as he fell back against the cabinets. "Oh my god, your
“I think it’s a great idea,” Rhodey interjected. “Plus, he’s got more money than God so he’d keep the Avengers in the avenging business.”
Clint stood up with Nate on his hip and the older kids wrapped around his legs. “I’ll do whatever you need or want me to do to make this up to you.”
“What? No! I mean of course I like him. He’s great once you get past the act he puts on. He's someone I count as one of my best friends.” He hadn't always been though, Steve thought.
Rhodes stared at him for a moment more and then closed his eyes. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. patch me through to Tony’s mobile please.”
“I could have worn the suit!” Tony would be feeling a thousand times safer right now if he was protected by the Iron Man armor.
“Guys, let’s be real. Any one of them puts a foot wrong; the Other Guy is going to be pissed.” Bruce smiled at them all. “And now that we can control the change, well, the threat is that much more effective, right?” He clasped Tony’s shoulder. “You’re not alone, Tony.”
He turned to look at Bucky. “I thought it would be better to take myself out of the picture,” he explained, lowering his voice so that only Bucky would hear. Well, only him and the rest of the team who had superpowers. He wanted to give them all the glare of death, but Bucky was just staring at him with these huge wounded eyes.
Natasha’s cool gaze met Bucky’s. “I wondered when you would remember me, James.” Her hand hovered over her thigh holster.
“Because it wasn’t your fault,” Tony said. “I know when to blame someone for something, Barnes. You were a mindless weapon for seventy plus years with no control. I can relate to being used without my permission.”
Tony sat up straight. “Now that’s something I wasn’t expecting,” he said. She waited. “You and Vision, I mean,” he clarified.
Jörmungandr was a bastard as well.  “Well, now you know,” he replied. Lame, he knew, but lame was preferable to dead.
It felt a little weird to be back in the Iron Man suit, Tony thought. He’d not put it on in over two months. He’d promised Pepper first and then after…well it had just been too painful.
“I’ll take that.” Steve held out his hand. Tony narrowed his eyes at him and spotted the determination in his face. He dropped the items in Steve’s hand without a word.
“I’m sorry, Pep.” His apology took the wind right out of her sails. “I should have told you where I was going or, at the very least,
Tony flinched. The annoying thing was that Jim was right. “How about this then? If I stay, then you stay?” He lifted his chin in challenge.
“This is Councilman Yamamoto, Councilman Chayka, Councilman Hogan and Councilwoman Delany.” She introduced them one at a time, Tony moving down the line, shaking hands with each of them. He was relying on Vision to analyze body language and vitals to look over later. “Representing the East, the West, the North and the South.”
Steve arched an eyebrow at Thor, who sighed. “My brother is filled with guilt,” he confided. “His mischief has wrought damage on both of our realms.”
“What does this have to do with Accords, Mr. Stark?” The Egyptian council member waved a hand towards Bruce. “While I’m sure that Mr. Banner is happy to have his monster in chains, it is of no pertinence to the safety that the Accords offer to the world.”
“Your mind isn’t on it,” Tony told him. He didn’t seem particularly upset about it though. “I don’t need you to reassure me.” He moved away from Bucky’s mouth. The growl that Bucky emitted was sub-human, and made Steve shiver. “What I do need is that, if you’re kissing me, you’re kissing
time?” Steve wasn’t used to being patient. He preferred to face a problem head-on and sort it out quickly.
“I am not of much use here, Tony.” Vision’s eyes slid over to where Wanda was studiously ignoring them. “I am not needed.”
“It’s because you rose to it every time,” Bucky said. “He loved messing with you. Steve was a complete asshole.” He bumped Tony’s shoulder. “You okay?”
Steve wasn’t sure if he and Clint were talking about the same thing. In fact, he pretty much knew they weren’t.
“Yes,” Natasha said, blinking suddenly, snapping back to her normal no-nonsense self. “You should call Laura.”
” His voice  rumbled through Tony’s body, actually rattling his bones. He looked male, Tony thought. There was definitely a something hiding behind the loincloth he wore.
Bruce took a step towards him and then stopped when Natasha took his hand. “Sorry, Tony,” he shrugged. “A guy has to have his priorities.”
Steve barely grabbed hold of Bucky in time as he lunged for Strange. “Bring him back, you fucking freak!” Bucky’s eyes were wild, fingers shaped into claws as he struggled against Steve’s hold.
“Mr. Parker is with Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes in the entertainment area. Ms. Romanov is with Ms. Potts and Mrs. Barton in the office. Mr. Barton and Mr. Wilson are sparring in the gym. The Barton children, Thor and his brother are there too. I must admit, it has been most enjoyable to see everyone once more.”
Sam dropped onto the nearest chair. “Sign me up for this show,” he said. “I reckon things are about to get interesting.”
“I didn’t think there would be any need,” Ross said, but the slide of his eyes towards the burly men gave him away.
There’s another, Steve thought. A precious, real smile that showed, beneath all the damage done to Bucky, his friend was still there, still fighting to come back to him.
“Other Guy,” Clint said, touching Natasha's arm. “But we'd seen him do it before. Whatever you showed him, it fucked him up.” He looked at Wanda.
Rhodey slapped the other side of his head. “Not okay, Tones.” He glared at Tony. “And once more I’m reminding you of the embargo at discussing our sex life with each other.”
Steve was too happy to see Bucky awake to protest them talking about him like he wasn’t there. “Bruce said I must call him.”
The panic was a runaway train in Tony’s chest. “I thought I knew you,” he admitted. “But then James Buchanan Barnes came back into your life and it was like the Steve Rogers I’d come to know wasn’t real.”
Tony stepped nearer, offering Jim nothing else but the warmth of his body. Words wouldn’t comfort him. “I’d go back and kill them all over again if I could,” he told Jim.
“Superhuman Registration Act,” Tony supplied helpfully, enjoying the quickly hidden surprise in Ross’ eyes. “Our friend over here is trying to form a governing body to regulate us crazy superhero types.”
Thor grabbed him, lifting him in his huge arms and swinging him around. “It is good to be back in the new city of York,” he boomed. “I find I have missed the stench of this most noble town.”
“Uh…” Tony waved a hand at the abyss. “Not that I don’t believe in your awesome, but for me to run the formula, I’ll need a computer of some kind.”
“It means that until my brother gives up his ruse, I am, to all intents and purposes, Midgardian.” Thor sounded pretty glum about it too. “I have Mjolnir, at least, and he has not been able to strip me of my powers.” He tried to smile. “And I have you, my friends. And my Jane.”
“They don’t know they have it,” Bruce said, letting his eyes travel around the room. “They have never known.”
Steve smiled too. The team was together. There was harmony between them. He was ready to face whatever came next.
oh lordy I struggled with writing the sex. And then of course it's OT3 sex so /0\ I hope it's okay....don't tell me if it sucks!
“Well,” Bucky said from his spot against the wall. “Looks like you all will have to make nice if you want to save the world.”
“No!” Pepper’s eyes were fierce. “They can all fuck off the end of a cliff for all I care. I’m not letting them near Tony.”
Tony threw up his hands. “What is it with you World War Two soldiers?” He stomped to his workbench, desperate for something to do, something to distract him. “You both make my name sound like an entire sentence.”
Bands of spells slipped around Strange’s arms like miniature bracelets and he smiled a little grimly. “Might wanna use it.”
Tony felt the most at home in his workshop. DUM-E kept twitching at him, poking him and beeping in increasingly concerned whines.
“What?” Tony struggled to sit up. Steve helped him, Bucky offering his arm on the other side. “I…” He was pale with the sheen of perspiration a thin coat on his face.
Bruce was busy putting in some of the rough calculations he and Tony had come up with on the jet into his computer. Tony went to the other keyboard, linking his own server with Bruce’s.
Pepper's eyes were narrowed on them. “Tony...” Her tone was dangerously low. Tony had learned to fear that tone.
was the one who’d pulled the trigger and killed Howard and Maria Stark, he’d run. This time they’d all chased him down. The combined determination of all of the Avengers had resulted in him being found a lot faster the second time around.
“You betrayed him,” Rhodes said, mouth turned down. “You left him bloody and beaten half to death and left him to fight alone.”
“That she wanted us all dead?” Tony asked. “That she was still, to all intents and purposes, a Hydra agent?”
“It’s like Uncle Tony,” Cooper explained with the authority of the old. “Cos he wears fancy clothes.” He looked over at Barnes who was shaking a little. “Right?”
Tony moved into Clint’s space, facing off with him. “I practically pulled the fucking trigger that killed him!” He was having an out-of-body experience right now, seeing himself from above ranting at Clint like an asylum inmate. “I think I get to decide how I fucking feel about it!”
“That’s impossible,” Tony insisted. “I only added a minute amount of radiation.” He tucked his head under Rhodey’s arm to try to get a glimpse of his new creation again.
“We are the guardians of Midgard.” Strange didn’t even seem a little worried. Tony was clearly the one who was the worrier of this relationship. Which meant that Tony was clearly the only one with a brain. Or sanity.
Sam nodded, eyes closing. “Almost nothing you know about him is true,” he murmured, nodding off against Dean’s shoulder. “He lies really well. Makes you believe him.”
“Sure, it's all about the team,” Rhodey drawled in their ears. “You keep trying to tell yourself that Cap.”
Sam flinched, but Crowley was too busy watching Dean. “Oh, Squirrel, would that I could believe you.” He turned to Steve. “I will allow three of you to get in there and get the job done. And none of them can be a Winchester.”
Steve allowed a small smile. “I’ll take that as a compliment sir.” He waited but Fury didn’t say anything more. “A heads up as to the situation, sir?”
Dean got to his feet, heading for the coffee machine. “Please sir,” he begged, holding his cup out to Tony. “Save me from the swill.”
Bucky grinned. “I keep forgetting what a little fucker you always were,” he said with an admiring shake of his head. “Small, but scrappy with an evil streak a mile wide.”
“Together,” Tony sighed. Steve really played the ‘together’ card unfairly. Steve’s smug smile and nod made Tony want to kick him. He loved the big lug, but honestly, he was just so….so….
“It was…cold, that day.” The words came like heavy boulders, slow and bleak and remembering. Steve’s eyes didn’t flicker. “The kind that bites at your toes, turns the sheets to ice. The snow wasn’t pretty – grit and slush, boot heels slick with it.”
“FRIDAY, distress call.” His thighs bumped something hard – his feet had taken him all the way back till he’d come up against one of the cars, hands feeling backwards for balance on the cool bonnet. “If you’re… distress call. Distress call.”
“So yeah.” Tony stumbles over the words, because he’s been on an interrupted date with Captain America and
“Glad you’re here.” Steve said, head twisting from side to side in an effort to keep track of the Extremis-sed goons. “Three hostiles, enhanced. I’ve cleared all civilians from the immediate premises but I might need you to keep perimeter if needed–”
SHIELD told you to stay silent, and wait for the captor to begin the conversation. More information to be gleaned, that way. Army told you to say nothing at all, except your name, rank and serial number.
A debt to repay. The words struck something, grasped for something – past the skin of his chest and aching muscle, through the defences of his ribs and right down to his unenhanced, beating heart.
“And OsCorp is a better fit. I get it.” Tony could feel the smile stretching across his face, a fraying elastic band threatening to snap back to its original state at any second. He could feel the letter bunched up in the pocket of his slacks, paper rubbing roughly against the smooth cloth.
“Or maybe I just trusted myself and other people agreed with me.” The words stilled Tony’s breath in his chest, made him look up sharply to meet that ever-discerning blue gaze. Steve didn’t look away – and the message was clear.
Something flickered over Steve’s face, there and gone – and then he was turning around, shooting out briskly, “I’ll catch their attention and take one out, you come in through the front and get the others.”
and Tony had spent close to a hundred thousand dollars over the years bribing people to not mention it to Steve. “You seemed a little out of it, there, after you finished.”
For all of that, though. All of his blinding compulsion to solve issues before they arise, save the world before it gets set on fire. This…
When the door banged open, it was like being released into a new world. The smell of salt was crisp on his senses, underlaid by the pungent tang of seaweed. The air slapping him across the face was brisk, and wet. Cold. Steve put a foot forward, and Tom followed him; steady under his arm all the while.
“However, I must dissuade you from coming here again.” T’Challa continued and Steve blinked- for all of that commanding presence, his thought had still drifted away somehow- and blinked again, for the man was sounding impeccably serious. Grim, almost. “You can be tracked here. For all that Wakanda can assert its own sovereignty, I will still be hard-pressed to deny the world powers should they become suspicious and start sniffing around. Bombing charges dropped or not, your friend is still the Winter Soldier.”
The space opened up, became wider, better lit. There were rows and rows of glass boxes, clay sculptures mounted carefully within. Steve walked past figurines of horses and rams, oxes, boars; something with a boar like body but the muscular legs and streamlined hindquarters of a horse, with a ridge of horns starting from the base of the neck and proceeding over the skull all the way to the bridge of the nose. Figures of men, women, deities…cast in clay, cracks gleaming dully under fluorescent lighting centuries later.
“I suppose I got so caught up in the fight for the little guy,” Steve watched the ocean in turmoil, watched his words fleet away after the winds in pursuit. “That I forgot to ask his permission.”
“What I don’t understand,” His voice began, entirely without permission. Peter glanced up, as if sensing this was something different, because the kid had goddamn superpowers even in this. “-is why you keep on fucking limiting yourself to the rules binding other people.”
“Sorry. Uh…it basically takes place in Melbourne’s public spaces-roads, laneways, parklands, cultural institutions.” His footsteps echoed unendingly in the deserted exhibit. Art draped in light and shadow, and no spectators. The effect was eerie. “Installations, lighting, people performing on the street, music, dance. Seven pm to seven am.”
But Peggy only smiled on, uncharacteristic, shine of white teeth like something lacquered over. “Have some water, dear, you sound parched.”
He lay there for what felt like ages. There were no sounds. No rats scrabbling in the rotting ceiling boards, no plinks of dripping water. No distant cries from the Siberian wildlife. No wind. It was like death itself came to sleep in this desolate, forsaken bunker.
“Genealogically, that’s an impossibility.” Ooh, big word – though there was a tiny bean-scented burp between syllables three and four. Peter cleared his throat, faintly pink.
They breathed for interminable seconds, harshly, together; one from pain and one from terror. Tony cursed himself a million times for not installing FRIDAY into the Avengers facility yet- but he had wanted to keep himself distant and vaguely there while the main training was handled by Ca-
Tony ran his eyes down the suit’s lines, illuminated by soft yellow light seeping in from the back wall. His heart was thudding.
It was hard, to remember a point in his life when he had felt such…..singular emotion. One thing, and one thing alone. Untainted. Casting out, bleaching out everything else. It was like his heart was going to shake apart in his chest.
“He was my friend.” Natasha smiled, tired and without warmth. “All decisions have emotional components to them. Any one. Any
…yeah, she leaves. Yeah, it eventually wears on her, being the crux of Tony’s everything. But Tony doesn’t resent her, not even for a second. It’s like resenting air when you’re being dunked in a barrel of water. It isn’t hurting you. Its absence is.
It felt like he could see all of it, spanning wide, even though his eyes were only confined to this place, this instant. This battlefield, sprawling on the grounds of a compound he’d once called home.
A pause. Then- “I dunno, Mr Stark.” Peter said, and something about that tone made Tony’s restless eyes dart away from Queens and towards the boy that was looking back at him steadily. “Mine have turned out pretty great so far.”
Did Stark practice saying these words in a mirror? Flung them out, blunt and masterfully crafted, to curve back on himself and inflict the maximum amount of pain that it was possible for a human man to bear, and a lot more besides.
“If this has to work-“ Tony began, and Steve almost didn’t want to listen anymore, he could have agreed to
Five steps and he was at the door, Agent Sixty Seven’s ruler straight back and hands folded tightly at their spine visible through the reinforced glass; patiently waiting and propped outside like some kind of patently bland office décor. Tony should probably get Natasha a lava lamp at some point. “Don’t stay too late. SHIELD won’t fall without you.” The organisation was like the physical representation of a seventy-year long Jenga game, at this point.
Tony grinned, sharp and victorious. Steve didn’t look like he was too far behind, for all of his wholesome dimples. Ha, they could totally do this.
“This isn’t the epiphany.” Steve said, and there was nothing wishful about those words. “This isn’t the big realisation, followed by the big apology. Because if it were… you wouldn’t still be here. I wouldn’t ask you to listen. I’d respect that you have nothing more to say, and nothing more to listen to.” A deep, rattling breath. Like his chest had been hollowed inside out. “I would let you go.”
Tom looked at him steadily, something almost like understanding flashing through coal-black eyes. It was…discomfiting. “Well, the area is buzzing with rescue efforts now. Army reached there a while back. Anyone who…might have been there, should be safe and sound.”
“That one.” Bucky pointed at the tunnel directly to the left of the one leading to the Cage. “We’ll go that way.”
The smirk became a smile. “Tony, who else?” He motioned for Steve to sit. “So, talk.” His gaze was very steady on Steve.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. “Sammy is the king of the casting, but I’m the one who generally gives my blood so that he can focus.”
” Tony spun to follow the sound of Jörmungandr’s voice. Loki’s son stood in the center of the cavernous space.
Tony was impressed with the fact that Natasha didn't stab him. “Come on then, Doc, this is where we get off.”
“You’re not friends then?” Pepper asked. Her eyes flicked between Tony and Matilda, much as Steve’s did. Neither of them trusted the shape-shifter it appeared.
“Hi,” Steve whispered as he slipped into Tony once more. He was just loose enough for it not to hurt and just tight enough for it to make him gasp at the sudden fullness.
“So you’re going to make sure the Soldier disappears.” Natasha’s soft statement had them looking at her.
Natasha looked at Steve. He nodded. “Bruce is a good guy.” She sounded sad. “A guy that maybe, once upon a time, I could have ...” She stopped. “Anyway. As Hulk, he’s a little more rambunctious, but we had it under control. Then something bad happened to him in Africa. Something that made him believe he wouldn't ever be safe, that he'd never be able to control the...”
Pepper reached out to take Tony’s hand. “You almost died flying that nuke into space,” she said. “Why on earth would you believe that any one of us would expect more from you?”
“I won’t be a coward,” Tony told him, his mouth tasting like dust and ash. “We owe him to watch his end as much as we brought about his beginning.”
“Tony’s heart just started beating again,” Bruce said, sounding utterly baffled. “I don’t understand…”
Pepper was still pale. “I refuse to accept that possibility,” she said. “Tony Stark has survived far more than this. Especially as part of your team, Captain. He’s the one who usually comes up with the solutions. This time it’s our turn to save him.”
“Yeah,” Tony said. “It may not seem like it right now, but I swear to god, Pep, you’ll be happier without me.”
Thor hadn’t moved. On his knees, head bowed, his tears were streams of flickering light. Tendrils of lighting ran up and down his body as he struggled to control his rage and sorrow.
They all looked at Tony in expectation. “Jotunheim.” He grinned at the surprise on their faces. “Right? I went to the land of the Frost Giants. It was cool.”
“You only have one hand,” Tony scoffed. “Let’s wait until you’re not disabled before you get all cocky with me, Barnes.”
“Well, he was a highly developed, extremely valuable weapon,” Bruce said, looking at Bucky in apology. “If their product got into the wrong hands…” He trailed off.
“The release signature has an embedded code that I have confirmed as Agent Romanoff’s,” JARVIS said.
“Sure, James.” Sam’s answer was subdued. Clint moved to Natasha’s other side, leaning against her as he watched Rhodes pilot the jet.
“Agent Romanoff and Director Fury are safely aboard a helicopter along with a former Airman named Sam Wilson,” JARVIS told them. “He has been working with the Captain and Agent Romanoff to destroy the Helicarriers and root out HYDRA.”
“So, are you and your brother are pretty close, then, huh, Thor?” Of course, it was Clint ‘no filter’ Barton who asked the question.
Tony looked back at Xavier. Ross was frozen in place, absolute fear in his face. “Get out of my brain, you fucking freak!” Ross shouted, hands clawed out and reaching for Xavier.
“I don’t understand,” Ross said. “It’s barely a thought yet, hardly an idea.” He seemed to be talking to himself.
Tony chuckled. “You are probably right,” he admitted. He suddenly felt a whole lot lighter. “You know, in the future, you and I are best buds.”
He peered around the width of Steve’s shoulders. “What is your job exactly, besides making balloon animals?”
Clint and Natasha were both at the controls now, scanning the infra-red images of the ocean bed. “There.” Clint pointed at a shadow.
Tony flopped onto Steve, feeling Bucky scoot up on his other side. “We’re not far from the tower,” he said, keeping his voice low. “I’ve instructed F.R.I.D.A.Y. to prepare a suite for you two. I guessed you didn’t want to be separated.”
“Hello, crazy person.” Tony waved at him as the door slid shut. The President was clearly trying to communicate with him with his eyebrows. Tony had never perfected the language, so he focused on the dude wearing horns.
“But what does that help Tony?” Steve asked. He was very sorry about Thor and his long-lost not-cat brother-sister but his main concern was Tony.
“If he’s a member or whatever of Set’s little party, then whatever he told me to get Xavier, Richards and I out of there was just a bunch of bullshit,” Tony said.
Steve felt it. The moment that Tony’s broken heart took its first beat in decades, and he smiled through his tears as he kissed the man that he’d travelled through time for. “Now, Tony Stark really
Tony had to look away as Loki turned to burrow his face into Thor’s neck. “I do not wish to speak of this again.” The words were muffled and choked as though he was fighting back tears.
“If that’s the way you feel then this is never going to work!” Steve threw up his hands and spun away from Tony.
“That guy was a bit of an ass,” Steve said, pushing at the ground with one lazy foot to set the hammock swinging again.
Steve nodded slowly. “That’s a great idea, Tony.” He smiled at him. “Sometimes I think we forget how smart you are.”
Tony felt as though he was on the carpet in the principal’s office. He loved having Bruce around, enjoyed sharing ideas and inventions with the smartest guy he knew. But Bruce was also capable of making Tony be honest about feelings.
Bucky breathed into Tony’s skin, his mouth soft and damp against his neck. “I think you might hate me if I tell you.”
“Barnes, I rescind all invitations. You’re no longer welcome in my bed.” Tony poked at Bucky’s shoulder with a pointy finger.
created Ultron, Tony. You can’t take this on your shoulders alone. I won’t let you.” He smiled, a sad, pitiful thing that made Tony want to rub at his chest. “Why do you think I left after Sokovia? There was no way the Other Guy would ever be seen as a hero again. I could see what was coming and I knew I couldn’t do it.”
Steve held out a hand, taking the decision away from Tony. It was embarrassing how quickly he scurried over to them, almost throwing himself into the small space between them.
Sam leaned back into the soft leather. “The only other thing we’d need then is a sigil, something to represent Set.”
Loki shook his head. “It would be pointless to go back to Asgard,” he said. “There would be nothing to return to.”
“Just remind me that the SRA meant the end of the Avengers.” Tony didn’t want to tell Bruce, couldn’t tell him, that Steve had died as a direct result of his support of the Act.
“Choosing this world and choosing my brother is the exact same thing,” Loki eventually said, sounding unutterably weary. “I swear that I will make no move that will bring Thor pain.” He met Tony’s eyes. “Does that suffice?”
“We take her with us to Tony,” Steve said. “I mean….” He looked around at them. “Are we going to Tony or do we go to the Avengers compound?”
“Crowley is the most powerful demon around and he gave us the spell to contain Lucifer.” Sam sounded so offhanded about it that Tony boggled.
When it looked like Crowley was about to say something inappropriate, Steve glared at him. “Very well,” Crowley sighed. “All for one and one for all?”
“I’d have come right away.” Steve was entirely certain. “Like I did. When I heard your voice…” The words stuck in his throat. “Buck, you have no idea how long I’ve been searching for you.”
“You deserve all the evil you get, you know that?” Bruce laughed. “It’s like you go looking for shit.”
“Who are you?” Tony struggled to his feet, taking note of the endless night around him. Stars upon stars stretched until all he could see was a blanket of diamond light. He felt a momentary dizziness as he stood among the galaxies.
“It purred at me,” Tony explained as Pepper made her way down the stairs towards the team. “It reminded me of my cat.”
“About Thanos!” Tony said. “Keep up, Banner-boy.” He walked over to Vision. “We have two of the Stones.”
“Not everyone.” The cool voice sent a shiver down Steve’s spine. As one, they all turned towards the door. “Some of us think that you all behaved spectacularly badly.”
Steve turned to look at Bucky when the doors closed behind them. “I lost you seventy plus years ago, Buck.” He needed for Bucky to understand. “And then again in Washington. I’m not prepared to let anything more happen to you.”
“I’m the lucky sonofabitch that has spent the most time here,” he said. “I know this place better than I’d like.”
“He hates me.” Steve thought about the kiss and the immediate withdrawal after, Tony walking away as though it didn’t matter. The parallels to Siberia hadn’t been lost to him.
“I’m sure we can dispense with pleasantries,” Xavier said in his cool British way. “We are all aware of how very little you approve of mutants and superhumans.”
“They were murdered.” Bruce’s blunt words broke into the fraught atmosphere. Tony hadn’t even heard the elevator arrive once more. The rest of the team came in with him.
“There appears to be a large animal...person...thing heading towards us, sir. Really quickly.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded a little shaken. As shaken as an AI could sound. Which was apparently quite a lot if you were built by the genius known as Tony Sta....
“Steve?” Bucky put a hand on his arm and Steve froze. It was the second time that Bucky had touched him willingly. Like his smiles, Steve was counting this too.
“Huh.” Bruce was looking at all of them. “Seems like our little family still puts the 'fun' in dysfunctional.”
Natasha’s eyes rolled so hard they practically rolled out of her eye sockets. It was a little bit scary. “You’re an idiot.”
“Sweet baby Jesus,” Tony moaned as Bucky made a meal of him. Watching Bucky moving, sucking made Tony get even harder. He wanted to come, but Bucky had a firm grip at the base of his dick, holding off Tony’s orgasm like the asshole he was.
“That lady is fucking terrifying,” Sam noted. The tension broke and there were a few chuckles that had Tony relax again.
“I apologize for calling a thing that looks like a tree, a tree,” Tony snipped. “I’m only a puny human.”
“Catch me if you can, RhodesRunner!” Tony called, squeaking when Rhodey spun around and headed towards him from the opposite side.
“I know.” Bucky sounded supremely sure. “But he only loved me like he loved Peggy when I came back to him in this time.” He turned his head to meet Tony’s eyes. “I’ve loved Steve all my life. Even when he didn’t love me in the way I loved him.”
Bruce and Tony were bent over one of the computer consoles with Loki and Thor at their backs. Every now and then, Bruce would elbow Loki back. Steve watched it happen several times. He was about to step in when Tony reached around Bruce almost absently and poked Loki with a small Taser. It was pretty funny the way Loki leaped into the air, cursing in a language that Steve didn’t understand.
“Doctor Richards,” he nodded. “Professor Xavier, Mr. Stark,” he tipped his head to them but didn’t offer his hand. Still the same asshole then, Tony thought. “Thank you for taking this meeting.”
“The Set we are familiar with is an Egyptian being.” Sam said briskly, tuning his laptop around so that they could all see.
Tony wanted to sneer at him. He had a ridiculously petty and childish reaction to Reed Richards. It possibly had something to do with the fact that Richards was a certified genius and was almost as prolific with his inventions as Tony was.
“It was not something that could wait,” T’Challa said. “I believe that you have begun to use the program that Tony sent you?”
“Can you please help guide me to the kitchen?” He’d learned early on not to be rude to or ignore the AI who ran everything in the place he lived. Besides, he’d come to think of both J.A.R.V.I.S. and F.R.I.D.A.Y. as people in their own right.
Tony nodded. “Which means that I’m out of the field. For good.” He patted Pepper’s hand. “I should have stayed out a long time ago, but an old man’s ego is a terrible thing to waste.” She pinched his hand with sharp fingers.
Pepper’s pretty eyes were scornful as she stared at him. “I’d rather you didn’t speak, Captain. My urge to punch you is only under control because I know I’d probably break my hand.”
A thousand apologies. The retail industry is a nightmare this time of year. Hopefully I will be better. I hope you enjoy. Tony is being very difficult.
happy to see you too, Steven.” He met Steve’s amused gaze. “I’m feeling a bit objectified if I’m being honest.”
“Wait, what?” Steve held up a hand. “How would he know we were coming? We’ve only just started planning to do this.”
He took a deep breath. “Hey.” His voice broke on the word as everyone’s eyes turned to him. Only Sam and Bucky hadn’t heard him.
“According to Heimdall, several of the outermost villages have vanished.” Thor sighed. “Thankfully the people were able to flee to the palace. Volstagg, Fandral and the Lady Sif are assisting them as they can.”
“He didn’t even talk to me about it,” Laura mumbled into Tony’s shirt, her fingers stroking Nate’s chubby foot. “He just said that Cap needed him and left.”
Steve turned so that he could kiss Tony’s palm. “The biggest mistakes I’ve ever made have involved you. I’m trying to be better.”
Thor lowered his hammer. “Apologies, friend Tony. In my eagerness to complete my mission I forgot that the Bifrost can sometimes cause great damage.” He started heading towards the doors leading to the garden. “I shall confirm with Heimdall, Nova Corps and Taneleer Tivan that the stones are still in their possession. One of you must confer with the Doctor.” With a crack of lightning and light he was gone.
Bucky burst into the room. “You two douchenozzles are holding everything up!” He grabbed each of them by the hand. “Move it!”
,” he amended, “But Cap is the Captain of the good ship SS Avenger, and he’s the one who tells us what to do.”
Ross struggled against the hold Richards had on him. “You’re proving the necessity of the Bill by your actions right now,” he snarled.
“You did.” Natasha spun on a sharp heel. “Of course we appreciate you.” Tony was just grateful she hadn’t kicked him in the nuts with those.
It took him a while to crawl from the bathroom back to his bed. Rhodey sat on the easy chair next to it with a smile that was unhealthily wide. “Still alive, I see?”
“So, what you’re saying is that by holding the leader of the free world hostage, Loki isn’t doing a bad thing?” Put like that, in Bruce’s dry tone, it made zero sense.
“Please, Sheldon, as if you could ever let me go.” Tony could practically see the asshole’s grin. He had to suppress his own smile. This was why Rhodey was his best friend. He called him on his shit and still made him laugh.
The smattering of laughter had Tony relaxing. “Just call me Daddy Warbucks,” he retorted. Rhodey’s eyes rolled so hard they practically fell out of his head.
“Fic…shun….” Tony enunciated. “I checked those out. Apparently there is an inappropriately close relationship between the brothers.”
“Same principle,” Tony said. “But there’s a metal element bound to the fiber that makes it stronger than any rope on the market today.” He handed one end to Sam. “You want to start the daisy chain, Sam? I’m guessing you’re taking point?”
“I’m not.” Steve felt the shaking of Tony’s arm beneath his hand and squeezed. “Haven’t you heard what a monumental fuck up I am?”
Getting better! yay! Thanks for all the kudos & comments. I'm not too proud to admit they make my day :D
Matilda moved down the chair, leaving space for him to sit. He obeyed the silent command and she padded up his body to sit on his chest. “Oh, so that’s how it is,” he said.
“Do you feel like taking a walk?” Steve asked Bucky, suddenly wanting to be outside, in the fresh air. “You know, just to catch up on things, figure out what you can remember. Who knows? Maybe jolt some more memories loose.”
“Biggest. Shit-stirrer. Ever.” Tony pointed at Bruce. “Don’t let the mild-mannered Clark Kent disguise fool you. He’s a dick in disguise.”
No matter. He’d shove down his anger, his sense of betrayal, because having Bucky back in his life was more important than anything else.
“You mean we’re going to have to fight our way there.” Bucky, as ever the blunt instrument, stated it succinctly.
Clint ignored him, focusing on the blinking lights of the chair as Atlantis had her say. Steve wanted to scream at him to hurry up and tell him what he was seeing. This time, Clint was folded over the notepad, almost hiding it away from Steve as he transcribed Atlantis' words. “Call Thor,” he said eventually. “I think he needs to hear this.”
Bucky flat-out laughed. It made Tony happy to make Bucky laugh. Bucky should always laugh, he thought.
Thor arrived about an hour later with his usual noise and destruction. Tony briefly mourned his pretty, pretty garden and then shrugged. He sure wasn’t going to tell a god to clean up after himself. Everyone headed to the dining room once more. Tony tried not to hide behind Bruce when he noticed that Thor had not come alone.
Tony pushed at Steve’s shoulders until he lay back on the bed. “Oh my god, I want to start from the bottom and work my way up, but if I don’t get my mouth on your cock in the next five seconds I’m going to die.”
“So, I’ll go to a bar, pretending to be on the lookout for a hook-up,” Tony began, getting enthusiastic at the idea. “Then you two can both try to pick me up. And the best one wins.” He beamed at them in triumph.
He putted into the little town that was in a spot that appeared perfect for a Banner-sized person. Not so much for a Hulk-sized Hulk, Tony thought as he looked  around.
“Because I love you.” Bucky didn’t lift his gaze. “I remembered them and I don’t believe in keeping secrets, especially ones that have the potential of coming out.”
“Mr. Stark?” Great, now the hallucinations had started. “Mr. Stark?” Pretty persistent hallucinations, Tony thought.
“She went to Tony?” Natasha’s gaze was sharp again, whatever had been going on in her head clearly dissipated.
“Jeez, Rogers, gimme a break!” Bucky glared at him. “How about understanding that not only was I recovering from whatever mind-wiping shit that Hydra had pumped into me, but all of my memories started coming back like a flood.” He shook his head. “It’s like I was two people in one body.”
Bruce adjusted his glasses. “Nat called. Said you were in town. I thought I’d give you a couple of days to settle in before dropping by to say hi.”
“And a heads-up would have been too much?” Sam was the peace-maker, his hand touching the small of Dean’s back.
There was something there, something not there, Tony thought. “Do you have any idea where we have to go?” He tried a different tack.
Loki straightened. “He’s helping?” There was a note of almost desperate hope in his voice that Steve felt uncomfortable hearing.
Tony watched in astonishment as Natasha, emotionally crippled, vicious Natasha moved into Dean’s arms without another word.
“Watch.” This time the order came from Bucky. Tony's eyes flew open again as he watched Bucky kneel at Steve’s feet, easing the worn denim down Steve’s long, long legs.
“Repay me by reading the Accords with the eyes of a reasonable man,” T’Challa said. “Forget about your quarrel with Tony Stark or your fear for your friend. You owe Tony that much at the very least.”
“Oh my fucking god!” Rhodey’s voice cracked. “My eyes! I need to wash my eyes out with bleach! Barnes, find me some bleach!”
Tony flinched as something slithered over his foot. “Thor has been trying to teach us Asgardian comedy for years. It hasn’t taken yet.” He tried to surreptitiously shake his foot. The thing didn’t seem inclined to let go.
Tony fell back into Steve, the heat from his chest warming the ice that crept over Tony’s skin. Steve’s arms went around him immediately, pulling him in tightly. “You’re my kid, Viz.”
Strange took a deep breath and inclined his head. “You all still need to find Thanos,” he said. “Even with three stones he is extremely dangerous and powerful.”
The Quinjet started to drop, heading for a smooth patch of lawn in front of an enormous house. Steve took a deep breath.
Steve shook his head though. “I feel like we should be doing more, not just sitting on our butts waiting for Tony to save the day.”
“Who said anything about sane?” Bucky asked, mouth curling up at one corner. Steve wanted to grab him and hold him as tightly as he was holding Tony. “I’m a killer.”
“If it’s your kid doing the damage to the wall between the universes,” Bucky said. “Do you want to give him a chance to stop before we kill him?”
Tony blew him a kiss. “Thanks for the back-up by the way, Brucie-boo. I love it when you get all ‘grr…argggg’ in your Bruce suit.” He made the appropriate clawed hands.
It wasn’t the right time, but Tony just wanted to hug Bucky and then raze Hydra to the ground all over again.
Barnes shook his head. “I can’t,” he said. “Not yet. Not until I’m…better.” He met Tony’s gaze. “Can you help me?”
Bruce came out with two pots of coffee, with a scowling Natasha and Wanda carrying coffee mugs and sugar. “If Tony hasn’t managed to do it yet, then it’s too late.”
“I don’t care. I’ve been waiting for this for too long.” Tony lifted his head, grabbing Steve’s face between his hands. “Fuck. Me.”
“How about you let us be the judge of that?” Natasha’s soft question raised the hairs on the back of Steve’s neck. He kept forgetting just how deadly she was. And fearless.
“Please,” Bucky snorted. “He's so happy to see all of you, he's fit to burst.” He put a hand on Steve's arm. “He hates not being part of your team.”
good at pretending. In fact, he was so good at it that he’d almost managed to convince himself that he was just fine with the events of the past few days.
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “That’s a classic case of selective victim blaming, Tones. They have therapy for that.”
“Then why the fuck do you keep talking about Steve like he’s alive?” Tony yelled. “Are you just being malicious? You can’t be malicious, you’re a fucking machine!”
Steve gave an aggravated groan. “Dammit, Tony. Why the hell do you always have to touch things?” He didn’t take his gaze from where Bruce ran several scans over an increasingly scowling Tony.
One of the king’s personal guards came into the gym where Steve was sparring with Clint. “There is someone here to see you, Captain.” She had been left behind at the palace, much to her disgust. And she hadn’t hesitated to tell Steve and the others about her annoyance at being their babysitter.
And Tony Stark was no fool. He’d learned about betrayal at the hands of those closest to him. He wasn’t about to give anybody the chance to betray him again.
And Crowley nodded back, leading them through the minefield of shredded lives toward the Father of Lies.
