He pressed his head into the crook of Benny's neck. Hiding from something, but he didn't know what.There was nothing to be afraid of here. He knew that.
“Dean,” Castiel had his Doctor voice back, “The gel needs to penetrate as deeply as possible. It will act as a lubricant so when we insert the tube, it will go smoothly. It’s also a medication to help your urethra gain flexibility and better accommodate long-term use of the catheter andl help with the pain.”
Balthazar was incredibly quick and skilled at fitting it. In less than a minute, he had all the pieces inserted correctly and the front panel fastened securely. There was no way Dean was getting it off himself.
"I know it'll be hard. But I want you to try giving him the benefit of the doubt." Castiel smoothed back the hair from Dean's forehead, and kissed him there, where his fingers had just soothed down the ragged strands.
Benny kept pressing, kept working the plastic deeper and deeper, inch by inch. Dean didn’t want to know how many inches were inside him already, but he hoped there wasn’t too many more.
Dean's eyes flicked up, shocked. Castiel met his gaze confidently and continued, "Sam has agreed to a co-guardianship with me as your primary."
Dean always dropped best when obedience was demanded and body control were removed, particularly when immobilisation and loss of autonomy were involved.
"It's ok," Cas soothed, "We're almost done, then it'll feel so much better," Cas pushed in again, another inch of plastic threaded its way inside and Dean struggled back the urge to push Castiel's fingers away, off his poor abused dick. To punch him in the face.
“Right,” Castiel scratches the back of his head, a little embarrassed, “Well, I suppose we could add it to the list for today.”
Cas knew he had never let himself actually submit properly in front of Sam, terrified that he wouldn’t be able to handle it.
He was already pushing down on the foot pedal that rotated the chair into a slightly more upright position. Still keeping Dean's legs held in a wide apart in the open position, but at this angle, he was held directly above the basin that Benny had slid out from underneath.
"I’m so sorry it's come to this. I wanted you to do this voluntarily, but I won't let you hurt yourself anymore. I just can't let it continue."
“Then what? Because in my experience it’s just getting worse and no amount of bed rest is going to fix that,”
The floaty feeling is still building, his mind calming and warm with it. He’s not fully down yet, but the straps help, there is something about knowing you simply can’t move, even if you wanted too. He feels secure, protected somehow.
The vest was undone and eased off him and then he was finally, fully naked and unbound. The only thing left was the blindfold, the rest of him was laid open and bare on the chair. But he just could bring himself to even think about it.
“I keep fucking running away.” Dean knows he’s ranting, but he can’t make himself stop, “And look where I ended up, like a kicked dog, snivelling on the floor. Both fucking times!" He remembers the hours sat upon the cold corridor floor, his back to the locked door, angry and hurting.
Dean didn’t find that explanation the least bit comforting. There was a huge difference between knowing what was going to happen, and actually facing the reality of it.
He pushed forward till he could feel the strap lifting slightly, then a little more. When he was sure that one of the blades was far enough underneath, he used both hands to angle the scissors up and rested them upright against his cheekbone. Now they were ready, he pushed the top handle down against his cheek with as much force as he could manage. He felt them bite in, not enough to cut through entirely but there was definitely some progress made. He repeated the technique several more times, separating the handles with his thumbs and then pushing it back down forcefully against this cheek with the palm of his hand.
Dean hears the hiss before he feels it  Even through he knows it’s coming, it still shocks him, and he instinctively snaps his legs closed, his feet still held wide open by the stirrups, but his knees try to lock shut on either side of Benny’s body.
First he used one mitted hand to hold the scissors flat to his cheek. He could feel the outline of the metal running along the line of his jaw, then he used the thumb from the other hand to get between the handles, pushing them open but still flat against his skin. The final step was the trickiest, he had to push them forward so that one of the blades was on top of the strap running in front of his ear, while the other was underneath it. Then he had to close them with enough force to cut the strap.
"My stomach feels strange, too full, it's really uncomfortable. And my throat hurts. What's up with that?"
Frustrated, Dean starts to pull away, but then Cas laid his palm against the padded surface over Dean's eyes, pressing him back down gently. His voice plaintive, "Just like having the feeding tube, you may not like it, but it's making sure you're getting adequate nutrition. It's the same with the blindfold, and your mitts. They help ground you, settle you, plus, you actually like wearing them. It's nothing to be ashamed of, nobody here is judging you."
"Yes, many people do like them. But your psychological profile means that you need them. In your last dynamic assessment, you registered at the very high end of the 'submissive' scale, and extremely high scores on the 'obedience' and 'structure reliant' subscales. It's one of the reasons why you were registered for permanent guardianship, rather than aging out at the usual age of 25."
"They weren't wrong," Cas tells him gently, "They just forgot to mention that safety comes first, and trust. You should never have to follow a rule that makes you feel unsafe, and you should never have to obey someone you don't trust," he can't help but reach out, and place his hand on Dean's cheek, "I promise you, you are safe here. But if there is ever a time when it's truly unsafe for you to follow any of my rules, you have my universal approval to disregard that rule until such time that it is again safe to follow it. And as for trust, well, all I can promise you is that, I will constantly strive to earn and maintain your trust. I can't promise that everything I do you will agree with, but I can promise you that it will always be with your best interests in mind. I promise that everything I do will be to help you."
Ok, so this chapter will be emotionally intense. Stuff's gonna get a bit broken, but don't worry, Castiel is gonna fix it! I promise!! Just give him a chance ❤️
"One day, you’ll be healthy again,” Cas sounded like he was holding back tears, “but until then you’re going to have to trust us to get you through this.”
By the time Benny had finished pushing the third lot of medicated gel into his dick, Dean felt stuffed to the brim, Actually he’d felt that way halfway through the second one, but Benny somehow managed to work in an entire third syringe worth after that. Now he couldn’t Imagine how they were going to push a tube down, with all that thick liquid already inside.
“Fair point, the poor guy always looks ragged after a couple of weeks without a proper drop. He would benefit from several more I reckon,”
He made the decision. This would be the perfect opportunity to care for him dynamically and physically as well as give Sam a chance to see what this was like for Dean, what it meant for him and how it helped him.
"Easy," Benny’s voice rumbled against Dean’s chest, "Dean, can you nod your head if you're following what I'm saying?"
But before he can, Castiel takes his hand. And with his other hand slips his palm under Dean's chin, and forces his gaze up to meet his own. Dean's expects to see reproach, and blame. But instead, he is met with fondness, a tender, knowing gaze waiting there. Cas speaks firmly, but also keeps his tone gentle, knowing how hard this is for Dean to hear.
Dean wants to argue, but then remembers that he can’t with the gag still firmly installed in his mouth, he bites down instead, working the thick plastic between his teeth. It feels good.
"Please Sammy," Dean felt small, abandoned, "You need to tell me. Maybe we can still annul the contract, it might not be too late. Just tell me it wasn't a fucking care home, or a facility. Please tell me you aren't locking me away." He could hear the panic start to bleed into his voice, those places were terrifying.
"Hey, no. Dean. It's ok. I'm Balthazar, but my friends call me Bal. I'm your night nurse." The man holds his hands up, palms open, "No need to freak out. I've already texted Cas, he's on his way down."
“Set a timer for twenty minutes,” Cas instructed Sam, watching carefully for any concerning changes in Dean's behaviour. He caught a grimace flicker across Dean's face at hearing the duration, but he didn't protest.
Dean lay back and was quiet as Benny pushed the basin back underneath and returned the chair to its previous position. It was almost as if he was falling asleep, his muscles lax and slow now they were no longer tensed with discomfort and spasm.
Cas brushed the greasy hair back from his forehead, "Thank you. I promise, you'll feel so much better afterwards,"
Throwing his weight against Benny's chest and pushing him away at the same time as he threw himself forward. He hit out as hard as he could.
Cas took his silence as an opportunity to continue, "As I was saying, Dimeroski Syndrome is chronic, progressive and inevitably fatal if left untreated." He pauses for impact, but Dean just rolls his eyes at him, "However, if intensive treatment starts early, the condition can be successfully managed. It is characterised by a progressive reduction and tightening of many of the passages and organs throughout the digestive and reproductive systems of the body. Fortunately, several treatments and medications have been developed which allow for successful dilation and maintenance of the affected systems. With intensive treatment and constant monitoring for compliance, the patient can go on to live a full and healthy life."
As a reward he pushed his fingers back into Dean's mouth, letting him resume lapping at them contentedly for a little while. "Very good. Calm and relaxed. Let it all go,"
Castiel nodded as if Dean had actually asked him a question, his voice growing softer, gentler, like he knew this was going to be hard for Dean to hear. "After our last conversation, I suspected that it might become necessary, although I hoped that wouldn't. I hoped that I could convince you to willingly engage with treatment, to allow yourself to accept the support that you so very much need. " He held Dean's eyes, refusing to give an inch, " I didn't want it to happen this way, but you gave us no other choice,"
“None,” Castiel fixed him with a hard, assessing look, “It’s not healthy for you to have access to it right now. If you want to call someone you can use this phone or if you need distraction, I can bring you something to read or music to listen to instead. ”
"Thank you. I want you to know that you can speak to me about anything, ask questions about any of my medical decisions and treatments. I just request that you do it privately, not in front of Dean."
At least the darkness came gently this time. Between one word and the next, he slipped into unconsciousness. No need to fight back against flailing limbs, ragged grunts or humiliating tears. No need to listen to Sam's desperate prayers.
Castiel, for his part sighed, "I assume it was something to do with my decision not to allow Dean to argue with me about his need for treatment," he sounded tired and stressed. Dean didn't care.
“I will. I promise.” Cas's voice breaks a little at the end, “And when you're ready, I’ll take you hunting again. It'll be different than before, but if that’s what you want, then yes. We will hunt together.”
He just sighed, disappointed that he didn't get a response, "Ok Dean. I know you need time to think. I'll be back in a couple of hours with some food. Rest till then."
"Maybe?” he tried to figure out if the emptiness he felt was hunger, “I can try. Make sure it's pretty soft though or liquid. I um…." He knew it was pointless lying when the evidence would be pretty obvious anyway if it all came back up, "I haven't been able to keep solid food down for a little over a month now," he admitted ashamed.
“It’s ok,” Cas rubs his chest with his free hand, “Just take a breath. Benny, can you fasten the thigh and waist straps for Dean? It’ll help you settle.”
His arse was still tender from yesterday, but already Castiel was planning to stuff it full, yet again. Only this time he wouldn’t get any reprieve from the fullness.
"Good," Castiel massages his thumbs across Dean's cheek encouragingly, pressing his palm to feel the molded, flexible plastic, "Just keep working it with your tongue. It'll help you relax,"
"Uh…Yeah?..." Dean stumbles over the unfamiliar ground, "…Yes," He raised his mitted hand slightly shakily, reaching out nervously into the air. But it was grasped almost immediately, by a sure, welcoming grip.
"It's just… it's weird talking to people with this," he gestures a little vaguely at his own head, "strapped to my head."
That didn't mean he wasn't still feeling completely betrayed and enraged over what they had done. Cas was now his primary, fuck…. He'd never hear the end of it now.
Castiel began the long and heartbreaking process of explaining just what would be needed and how intense it was soon to become....
Sam drove wildly, dangerously fast all the way, breaking every speed limit on the way, and yet somehow not getting pulled over. It was only two hours away, but it had felt like an eternity.
"I told him, but I'm not sure he'll remember that tomorrow. He seemed a little out of it still," Cas knows that Dean will probably need to have key information explained several times before he's likely to remember it all. His exhaustion and malnutrition still affect his cognitive processes quite significantly. He's going to need a chance to catch up on sleep, adequate nutrition and a whole lot of other care needs before he'll be anywhere near to properly lucid.
He had Sam help ease Dean onto his back, knees spread but feet tucked together. His distress at being in this position making it obvious just how much discomfort he must have been experiencing.
He knew that loyalty would now be expanded to include Sam and Dean. Especially now that Dean was officially under his guardianship and protection.  Castiel had always been open and honest with them, and he continued to be so about his plans with Dean.
Sam rose to his feet, and with what felt like the weight of the universe pressing on his soul, he turned to Castiel.
"I'm sorry, I know...,” Castiel knew he had to hold firm as much as it pained him, “We need to monitor the process fully and that means you'll be releasing right here. There is a basin directly below you and I will flush it immediately after you have finished. There is nothing to be ashamed about. Just let it all go and relax back down, submit to it.”
“I know it’s hard, but you need to allow yourself to keep dropping,” Cas soothes a hand down his chest, resting it on over his heart, “That’s it, sweetheart, keep going.”
He takes Dean's hand in his own. "I'm so sorry, but I can't let you do this to yourself. Not anymore. "
It wasn't easy going, and twice Castiel had to stop and allow Dean to catch his breath. He wasn't panicking, but it was a close call.
Dean let out a pitiful sound at the loss, at once again having his vision taken away. But he cuddled into Cas as well, conflicted and ashamed, but wanting him near.
But Cas apparently, had other ideas, because after a moment he turned around to face Dean directly. Sitting them both up and meeting Dean's eyes with a purposeful expression. His voice firm, determined, he said,  “Let me tell you about the man I love.”
Dean gives Cas a searching look, but his voice is rough with emotion when he adds, “Okay…so here it is I suppose? Um … I give you my permission to make decisions for me. Even if I argue, even if I struggle and complain... I’m trusting you to get me through this.”
Dean considers , mapping his body before speaking, “My head hurts. It always hurts, but it’s less now that I’m not dehydrated all the time.”
"After we get him stabilized, we'll need to establish a longer-term hydration and feeding schedule that will be strictly enforced. Priority treatments will include bladder training, anal and vaginal dilation..."
Cas had replaced the heat pack an hour or so earlier, careful not to wake the exhausted man, and that had helped settle him somewhat. He was tempted to dose him with a mild sedative through his IV but decided against it. His body was already working hard enough, Cas didn’t want to add any additional medications unless they were necessary.
They were seated in the meeting room. Files, folders and test results scattered on the table between them. A lifetime of Dean's neglect and suffering written in black and white.
He reached the door and then the corridor. Counting his movements forward...nine to pass the elevator, another six to the staircase and five more the door to the clinic. Just three more, he told himself, three more and you can open the door to outside.
Castiel’s eyes widen in shock, hopeful and equally lustful.  But then his expression dropped immediately, replaced by a tender sort of sadness, “I want to give you that too but...” Cas hesitated
Despite the discomfort, it was clear that Dean was successfully maintaining his subspace, possibly even dropping further down. Perfectly under, deep into submission and responding beautifully to dominance, it was wonderful to observe. Dean may not like enemas, but beyond the medical necessity, they also seemed to be an effective way to help him maintain headspace.
"You are still a significant fall risk, as your sore knees and hip can attest." Cas sounded amused, “It’s safer if you continue to use the chair.”
, how revolting. He can tell that his eyes are wet under the blindfold when moisture starts to leak out underneath. Cas is there immediately with a soft cloth, clearing the evidence away kindly.
"Ok, that's good. Thank you. I'm glad you're finally back with us." Benny sounded strained, tired. Dean wondered just how long he had been struggling against them.
"Dean, you know you can't..." he paused, and seemed to be considering his words carefully, he looked extremely sad all of a sudden, "Your condition… "  but Sam interrupted him, storming into the clinic, obviously on a mission.
him like this, weak and submitting to it all so easily. But he can’t bring himself to move, his body still happily following Castiel’s command.
“Now I’ll inflate a small balloon that will put pressure on either side of his opening and keep the liquid inside,”
“Not like last time,” Cas reassures, “You’ve had a few days to adjust to this size now, so going up to the next one won’t be nearly as uncomfortable.”
Sometimes he even asked for it, even while fighting desperately against it, he wanted it. Sometimes he begged.
“You don't understand!” Dean finally manages to explain. It feels like he’s drowning, his body and mind battered by dark waves, storms raging above him, electricity, and fear. He’s clinging to Castiel for dear life, afraid of sinking down again into the haunted depths. Terrified of his own self-destructiveness.
Castiel fixed him with an assessing look, calm as always, "Listen to me, just for a moment and then we'll leave you alone." His voice allowed no argument, "I know you're angry and you have a right to be upset that we did this without your permission. But you're sick and in so much pain right now, that you're not capable of thinking clearly. I know it feels like a betrayal, but we have made the right choice. I will take care of you from now on," He took Dean's hand in his own and kissed his palm, gently resting his fingers on his pulse and feeling it slow down with the certainty, the strength behind the words. "I'm going to get you stabilised, started on some proper treatments and soon things will start to get better for you. It might not feel like it right now, and it's not going to be easy, but I promise you, it's going to be better this way."
"You have no idea how much I miss being able to eat that man's pies. Best I've ever tasted," Dean’s expression turned a little darker, a little sad at what he’d lost.
That last stunt had earned him a set of medical mitts fastened kindly but securely over his hand. Cas had reminded him gently of his first rule, and that breaking rules had consequences as he pulled them over his hands and locked them at the wrists. The next time would be medical restraints Cas told him, not unkindly.
But Benny made it fit, his firm, ceaseless motions pushing the slick plastic tube  first just past the head and then down the length of his penis. Inch by gradual inch.
Dean didn’t know how to feel about that. All these people inexplicably deciding that caring for him was worth their time and effort. He tried not to think about it, it just hurt and made him want to run again. To escape. His heart started to beat a little faster, his chest felt tighter.
But Cas arrives before he gets the chance to find even more, or act on them. He runs into the room, looking both completely dishevelled and utterly in control somehow at the same time.
"It's alright, love, we know. You just relax and let us wash you. You'll feel better once you're nice and clean" said Benny.
But there was no response. Dean breathed out, raggedly releasing the breath he had no idea he had been holding. He was utterly alone.
"Benny, get a catheter kit please, and prepare an IV," he told his nurse. Strangely calm, like he was holding himself still, even his breathing was performed in a regular, controlled manner.
He'd hated every moment of it.They treated him too gently, like he was vulnerable, like he might break. They wouldn't let him make any decisions for himself.They treated him like he was fragile, with their fake concern. The doctors, the counsellors, the nurses, all of them conspiring to take everything away from him.
"Uh… I should probably tell you that the phone call earlier was from my brother Gabriel. He's a psychiatrist who specialises in treating Dynamic Disorders. I sent him your blood test results and he's extremely concerned. He told me that unless we get your hormones stabilised and your neurochemical imbalance treated, you could stroke, become psychotic, catatonic...Dean it's really bad, you could….you could die," he trails off, obviously not wanting to voice his concerns and worries. "But he says it's treatable and as he's currently on sabbatical leave to write this next book, he has agreed to stay here for the next few months to assist me with your treatment."
“I love an incredible man,” Cas says with the hint of a smile playing around the edges of his lips. “He's got great aim with a pistol, loves sappy hospital dramas, reading Kerouac and is learning to cook. The man I love raised his brother right. He gave him a childhood full of affection and support, something he never received himself. Demonstrating through his actions how to show compassion and take responsibility.  He's kind. Thoughtful and generous to a fault, especially when he thinks no one will notice. Funny. Oh and smart too, even though he won’t admit it." Cas is outright smiling now, his expression teasing, "He's also kinda clumsy and adorably grumpy when he's tired."But Castiel's voice turns sad when he adds, "He also expects too much of himself and too little of others, too quick to belittle and undervalue himself..."
“Feet up first. I’m going to strap them into the stirrups for your safety and mine,” Benny chuckles a little, “No one likes a kick in the head, no matter how accidental,”
Dean thought for a moment. He shifted his sore knees slightly, but they moved all right. He shook his head. But then he shrugged...
"It's ok," Cas reassures them both, "You don't have to decide. I know it's too hard right now, so I'm going to make the choice for you. The tube is going to stay in. You'll be sitting in Joe's kitchen eating pie again in no time, I promise."
… he slowed his breathing, taking a moment to rest his body against the bench and focus. When he could feel the adrenaline start to fade, he began cutting.
Well, it definitely wasn't the gag. Yes, it sucked but he'd dealt with worse, and mostly he liked wearing gags... eventually. It wasn't even the blindfold. He hadn't minded it, when it had just been him and Castiel, lying together on the sofa. In fact, it had felt quite nice, curled up in the darkness, safe in his alpha's arms.
“Why do I keep feeling like I need to escape? I’m so tired of always being on the move, always leaving you behind. I just want to stay here, with you. I don’t want to leave anymore.”
Cas looked at Sam for a moment as something silent passed between them. But quickly they turned back to Dean.
“You weren't accepting treatment. But with a formal DRD diagnosis, I knew you would qualify for the Vulnerable Persons Register.”
And the worst part was that every time Castiel forcefully overwhelmed his mind, took away his choice to drop and forced him down, Dean got better, healthier. Dean understood that he needed it, saw it as a release from the struggle.
"I can see that wearing it might be a bit off-putting initially...," Castiel thinks for a moment, carefully considering Dean's request, but when he does speak his voice sounds strained, heavy but resolved, "but the answer is still no. I'm not going to ignore the seriousness of this situation anymore. No more hiding from reality, it's too important and I know that you're strong enough to hear it."
He can’t tell the exact moment he finally falls completely, it’s all a bit hazy, but it feels so good. The pain and the pleasure of obedience, finally easing his chaotic mind. Then there is nothing and everything, just him and Castiel, wide and clear and beautiful, it feels like nothing else ever could, it feels like joy.
Knowing that they’d be doing this again and again and again. Every time his body had stretched to accommodate to it, when each tube finally got comfortable enough to bare, Castiel would take that as a sign to increase the diameter again.  Dean felt like crying.
.” Cas sounds frustrated and sad, “You have been for a long time now. Only three days ago, you were falling in an out of consciousness, hours from doing lasting damage to yourself. You could have died!” Cas’s voice cracks a little when he adds, “You still could die. If you walk out of here today and go back to living like you did before, as it stands, you probably wouldn’t survive a week. You have to know that?”
Dean nodded, making agreeable sounds around the fingers. Cas pulled them out, much to Dean's dismay, but soon slid his arm under Dean's armpit and leveraged them both up off the ground.
“Ok, I won’t spoil the surprise. I should probably leave it up to him to explain anyway,” Cas grinned back, “I’ve already messed up enough for one day. I think I’ll stick to the physical treatments for now.”
Cas nodded and smiled across at Sam, who although a little pale, was holding himself together admirably. It couldn't be easy watching your brother suffer, even when you knew that it was all this for his own good. Sam as a beta didn't really understand Dean’s psychological needs, but he was willing to learn and to trust that Castiel was doing the right thing. Castiel had to give him credit, he may have been slow at noticing Dean's true level of sickness and distress, but he was quickly adapting to take on his new responsibilities.
His mistake, Cas had realised was in underestimating Dean.  Rather than distract him, Castiel needed to let his strong-willed, capable man have chance to express it. He was strong enough to face it head on.
"I'm sorry," Castiel warned, "if you'd let me treat this sooner, it wouldn't have to hurt so much. But now I've got no other option but to do this the hard way," he held up the catheter so Dean could see it. The memory of their last conversation on the topic hanging sourly in the air between them. The box of sounds had never even made it out of the cupboard before Dean had refused the option.
Mugs of tea, long ago finished, sat on the coffee table in front of them as dawn began lazily painting it’s way across the sky. The house was quiet, most of the other residents still asleep. In the past, they’d often bonded like this, tangled up together on the sofa or wrapped up blankets on the balcony, their face turned upwards, mapping the stars. They liked to talk at night or before dawn, chatting about simple or complex things, sharing funny stories or whispered truths. Taking time for each other while the rest of the world slept.
“And he’s down. Fucking finally!” The strain and the relief clear in Benny’s voice, “Jesus, I’ve never seen anyone fight it that hard. Is it like that every time?”
Dean is already feeling his pulse slowing, his breath evening out. But his hands keep shaking. He clenches them into fists to hide it.
Sam was slower, opening this mouth as if to say something, but deciding against it. He hung his head and shuffled from the room. Misery clear in every step.
As Dean spoke, Sam's anger had grown brittle, "You could have died!", his voice scared and small, "You knew it was getting dangerously close, but let it happen anyway. Please Dean, why didn't you tell me it had gotten that bad?!?!"
, chuckles. Dean does his best to glare at him, it’s pointless with the blindfold still on, but it does make him feel a better.
“I hope you're feeling a bit better,” Castiel bent over to place the palm of his hand on Dean’s forehead, “Your fever has gone down nicely.”
Benny knows he's right, as always. He can keep watch for a while. And Balthazar, Dean's night shift nurse, can take over after that.
"No, he's barely been awake for more than a couple of minutes at a time. I need to do a full examination as soon as possible but I'll need both you and Sam’s assistance if I’m to have even half a chance of making it through.  Sam is catching up on sleep himself right now, which he needs almost as much as Dean does,"
"Sweetheart, it's ok" Cas soothed his hand across Dean's forehead and easing the blindfold back into the correct position. Once again sending his world into total darkness.
His feet and ankles are fasted into the rests, then a loud click is heard and his legs are forced even further apart as the chair automatically shifts his knees backwards and out. Dean starts to pant, he always feels so vulnerable in this position, but he supposes that's the point. Blindfolded and silent, open and exposed to them all, powerless and forced to endure everything Cas, Sam and Benny decide to do to him.
Then two days ago he'd stopped drinking altogether, knowing it was the wrong thing to do, but desperately needing to stop the pain the only way he had left. He wasn't thinking clearly, he knew that, but the words just wouldn't come. The shame and frustration locked behind his teeth. The image of John, disgusted at his son's constant failures, burnt into his mind, as clear as if he was standing in front of him right now.
"I know that this isn't going to be easy to hear but Dean has been lying to you. Probably right from the beginning."
From somewhere he retrieved a warmed blanket and pillow, laying one over him and the other under his head. He brushed the hair back off Dean's sweaty forehead, and kiss him there gently. He took a moment to lean over and check the tube before speaking, in that calm, kind way that he had.
But Dean wasn't in the mood for this conversation with him. He knew he would have to sit through it again with Cas and probably Sam too before the day was over, he didn't need to hear it from Benny as well. He sighed, "Whatever, can you help me up?"
He can hear a door opening and closing, then the texture of the floor changes from cement to what he thinks is carpet then to tiles. The wheelchair comes to a stop and Dean can hear the wheels being locked. He hears someone walk over towards them and stiffens at the sound.
He looked up into the glinting specks of dust swirling above their heads, not sure if he missed the blindfold or felt grateful for the view. Steeling himself for the truth, "Gabriel didn’t want to do the assessment?” Dean asks, his breath misting up slightly in the cold morning air.
"Oh thank fuck," Dean couldn't help feeling desperately grateful for that. His last few weeks had been a misery, of constant urgency without being able to properly relieve himself. He still felt bruised inside, like he'd taken a beating.
Dean was responding as he had hoped he might, the loss of control, immobility and discomfort combining with his desperate need to submit and be reassured, to help him relax into it, deep dropping was always so cathartic for him. Castiel just hoped it would come easier for him in the future.
It's like a war was raged inside himself, but both sides lost, both sides failed; and now a numbing stillness echoes through his mind, it feels like grief.
He could hear the wheels of the chair approaching, and for once he's thankful for it, not sure he'd be capable of making it up to his room with how exhausted he was feeling.
“Good,” Castiel smiles, “Start from your head and work down.  I’m not expecting you to know the medical terms, just tell me how your body feels in this moment.”
On days he worked, Castiel normally saw between 10 and 12 patients. So his clinic could become quite noisy and crowded at times, with various patients and their families coming in over the course of the day. Some of Dean's upcoming treatments would require him to spend long stretches of time hooked up to monitoring devices and other machines, all of which would necessitate individual supervision and ongoing care which his nurses would provide. He wanted Dean to have a place for this, away from it all, where he didn't feel exposed to the other patients, where he could relax in private and know that he was safe.
The words might seem repetitious to Sam, but with how deep Dean was night now, it was important to continuously reassure him when guiding him down and helping him maintain his headspace. When he was in his deep headspace, Dean responded beautifully to even the mildest reassurances of love and affection. Underneath all the bluster and shame, Dean just desperately wanted to please, to be shown love.
“Yes, and because we’re going to make sure you’re nice and secure, it won’t happen again,” he pats the inside of Dean’s thigh gently, getting him to spread them voluntarily, before he gently eases Dean’s foot up into the stirrup. One then the other, then he fastens each with two Velcro straps, one that loops up over the ankle and then behind the heel, and another that goes over the top of his foot.
Benny smoothly eased in the final length and locked it securely in place. He smiled, "Well done, brother," patting Dean's inner thigh, "You took that beautifully."
This morning, neither Cas nor Dean wanted to admit the day had begun. Instead, Dean snuggled in even tighter to Cas, determined to forget the world existed for a little while longer and ignore the bothersome morning sneaking its light across the floorboards.
He'd tried to make the room as pleasant as possible, with warm colours and comfortable, soft furnishings throughout, including several sofas, rugs, blankets, cushions among other soft furnishings. There was also a recovery bed, disguised as a day-bed by the window, which would allow Dean to rest between treatments. Quite different from normal clinical rooms, but it was designed to be.
Dean let out a slow breath and took in another. Cas held him tightly throughout, sensing that he needed reassurance and giving him time to collect his thoughts.
Permission,  when it comes, is small, barely a nod. But it’s there, almost a whisper. “You promise?”
“I can’t!” Dean spits out, bitter and miserable, his cheeks soaked, lungs choaking and tight, “I don’t even know why.”
He can hear his IV, other tubes and monitors each being undone and clipped to the new pole on his wheelchair and then it starts to move. Dean can tell that it’s Cas pushing it now as his voice is coming from behind him.
If every small thing was going to be such a fight, he didn’t know how Dean was going to cope with it all. He
Benny nods and lowers the flow speed on the tablet fitted to a plastic mount on the side of the chair. It could be removed and placed anywhere convenient, but for now, it was easiest just to leave it there. They all also had an app on their phones which allowed for the same level of control and provided monitoring data as well.
“Twice!” he practically growled the words into Castiel’s face, ” I tried to run away from you twice, in one fucking day! And I have no god damn idea, why.”
Dean shakes his head firmly, he hates the feeling of being drugged, much preferring to tough it out.
“I’m attaching a syringe to the tube. This will allow me to withdraw the liquid from the balloon inside your bladder. The balloon is there so the tube doesn’t slip out.” Benny explains.
Castiel shakes his head, "As you and Sam will now be living here on a longer-term basis your things have been moved from the guest wing to more permanent rooms. Sam has selected a set of rooms that look out over the western gardens, but due the need to have you nearer these clinical rooms, your belongings and my own have been moved into the rooms directly above us. There is an elevator from the clinic to our private wing just outside this door. Once you've recovered enough to be transported up to our rooms, I'll show you around,"
"You can. You can learn to trust. I know you want to learn how to control your drops and find your headspace voluntarily. Gabriel can teach you how to do that and so much more."
Cas took one look at Dean and it was like a switch was flipped. He was no longer the lover, welcoming his partner home. Now, standing in front of them was the cold and efficient Dr Novak, and he had clearly been expecting this.
He was about to say exactly that when he felt something easing its way inside his mouth, he let out a startled grunt, but couldn’t do much else as he felt the plastic push back and settle over his tongue and his teeth, a gag he realised.
"Hello Dean," Castiel voice was calm again, but clearly still a little strained, "I see you're awake," That gravely voice never failed to send a shiver of lust down his spine, but it was the warm, calm that somehow always settled him. He wanted to curl up, head in the other man's lap, put his arms around his waist and sleep for days, breathing in his scent.
"Ok," Dean can hear the warmth in Castiel's breath against his cheek as he spoke,"Rule Number 2. You must be completely honest and forthcoming with information regarding your body. No omissions or hiding of injuries either. When requested you must give a detailed account of any and all pain and/or discomfort you are experiencing. You must fully answer all questions I ask about your body and you must immediately notify one of us of any new pain or discomfort as it develops."
“I know you don’t.” Castiel steadies him, hoping to reassure his distressed omega with his touch and his words, "Our behaviour and motivations are complicated, but, when you've been taught your whole life that if something challenges or frightens you, your only option is to either fight it or flee from it, then naturally, that's what you do. When you don't know any other way to deal with strong emotions, you live on a knife’s edge, fighting a constant battle between anger and fear.  No wonder you’re exhausted.”
“Yeah, I remember Dad got someone to teach him how to fight it,” Sam sounds a little sad. “After that, he would punish him if he dropped without permission.”
Finally, finally he felt the strap give way. The tight, almost complete blackness was almost immediately invaded by a glimpse of light from the edge of the blindfold, where it was no longer securely fastened. He breathed a sigh of relief. Shakily grasping the scissors and with both palms and pulling them away from his cheek, he could feel the heat and soreness of the bruise already rising up along where he had pushed so hard against the skin.
Dean knows that other people’s brains don’t work like that, that not everyone finds rules comforting. Hell, he gets it, rules sometimes suck and it’s not like he’s drawn to follow them for just anyone. If fact, there are very few people who can actually give him rules and have them slot into place like they do for Castiel. But when it’s someone he loves, it just feels right. It feels amazing to know he’s being good.
Dean felt a lead weight settle on his chest. Cold realisation begins to creep through this blood, his voice barely a whisper "What did you do?!?" he asks, "Sam, did you sign anything?"
Unfortunately, my city is currently in lockdown again and when that happens my workload quadruples. When things calm down again, I will definitely be posting more chapters. Thank you for sticking with me ❤️
In sympathy Castiel relented a little and unclipped the forehead strap. That way Dean was able to seek the comfort and contact he needed more readily and Castiel wanted to allow it.  Turning his cheek into Castiel's hand and scenting his wrist, a momentary, hidden look of contentment ghosted across his face. But, It was soon chased away by the next cramp, and replaced with an angry snarl. Cas was pleased to see the smile's appearance, however fleeting.
"What? Why?" Sam's heart skipped a beat. He knew Dean only ever called Castiel 'Dr. Novak' when something was really, really wrong. When he needed the man to be his doctor and not his lover.
Dean thought for a moment, debating whether he should press Castiel about the medications. That Castiel no longer hesitated when he talked about treatments or medications and had made the decision to give Dean pain relief without consulting him or Sam, even though he knew Dean hated the feeling it left him with. Castiel now spoke with firm finality as if the decision was already made and out of Dean’s hands, which he supposed it now was. He could tell that something had fundamentally changed between them and in their relationship.
Cas went back whispering soothing encouragement to Dean. Telling him how well he was doing and how proud he was of him.
Pulled into solid, loving arms and gripped tight. The blindfold and his weakness from malnutrition and illness made his efforts pale. Castiel held him immobile, tucking his hands under his own armpits and rocking them both back and forward gently. Firmly encircling him with his arms.
“Well done.” Castiel praises, “You took that very well. How are your knees and your hip? Are they bothering you?” Castiel asked.
He could also hear the low crackle of what he presumed was a radio playing, likely coming from another room, distorted by distance and space. And the hum of the air-conditioning vent, one directly above him, while there were another two or three scattered about the room.
"Fuck, fine." Now that he'd had a chance to sleep and was more lucid, even he could admit that what he had done was utterly stupid and dangerous. It just hadn't felt that way in the moment, his own fear driving him to ignore and deny reality.
He hung up, "Bal's coming to give us a hand getting you settled upstairs. Do you remember him from yesterday?"
Dean turns so his nose is pressed up against Castiel's neck again, breathing in his approval through his alpha pheromones.
But he just wasn't. Instead, he felt strangely touched. That Cas had acted so far in advance as to order such a specific item was oddly reassuring. He could almost imagine it, Cas sitting down it plan it all out, his laptop open, scouring medical websites for just the right items. He knew Castiel used organisation and planning as a way to deal with his own anxiety and stress, just as he knew he was the cause much of that stress. Castiel had begged him time and time again to allow him to treat him properly, warned him that he was moving closer and closer to real injury, that he was running out of time but Dean had always refused. He allowed the check-ups to keep Sam off his back, but that was it and Castiel knew it wasn't enough. He knew this day was coming and what he was going to have to do to make Dean comply, what he was going to make him endure. Dean should have hated him for it, but somehow he didn't. Somehow amid all the anger and betrayal ranging through him, Dean just couldn't bring himself to hate him.
“Sorry,” Cas apologised, but didn't make any attempt to reduce the severity of the position, “We’re going to be fitting you for a special belt and thigh straps, so we need to know how far each of the straps will need to stretch.”
Dean was still sleeping, his body finally able to rest fully now that the urgency and desperation of a full bladder had subsided and the dehydration was being treated. Cas had hoped he'd have a chance to eat at least a little, but it was clear from the exhaustion in Dean's eyes that he didn't have the energy for even that much.
The inevitable, awful day had finally arrived, he grieved for the pain and incredible suffering he knew Dean had endured getting to this point. But Castiel mostly felt relieved, because he knew that at least now he could start to help. As his primary guardian, he now had the power to force Dean to comply with treatment to get the help he so desperately needed.
Dean had told him that he didn't think he ever had. Not with his Father, or Sam, or anyone else for that matter. Not even alone. The possibility that utterly terrified Castiel most was that maybe he just wasn’t able to let himself fall, not fully anyway, that his brain just wasn’t capable of it. That he would always need to be forced to go down.
Dean leveled Sam with a look that could have broken glass. He knew he was being unfair, but needing to take that anger out on someone, unfortunately, that meant Sam right now.
Cas had explained to him that the pain wasn’t a sign of tearing or ripping or anything dangerous. It was his condition, his body’s way of resisting what felt wrong, but was necessary. His nerves were overreacting to the stimulation by sending painful messages up his nervous system and to his brain. It would settle down in time.
"He know this is going in? Or is he gonna wake up to a surprise?" Benny asked, not looking forward to that particular freak out.
"Hmmm… that's not all is it?" Castiel didn't sound too pleased with that answer, and Dean bit back the urge to lie and reassure him. He rushed to keep talking, hoping to give him what he'd asked for, to earn back a little of his trust.
But just as Benny was about to push in the final section, Dean shook his head. Or at least he tried to. He was prevented by the forehead strap and the fingers in his mouth, Cas’s hand holding his chin securely still. Instead, he let out a begging, plaintive "Nnnnnn!"
Dean tucks his face into Castiel’s neck and groans “I regret asking now!” He adds with an overly dramatic sigh, but no real vehemence.
That was until he shifted his hips slightly, and a cramp hit his nerves like a thunderclap and all the breath was forced out if his lungs. And he was reminded of how very
"Uh…yeah. " Dean was caught by surprise, pleased but wary, “I uh... I'm sorry too, I sort of freaked out on you yesterday. I uh... Sure, we can do that."
He would do it, if he absolutely had to, but he was desperately holding out hope that this time Dean might be able to drop voluntarily. Because the problem, and what kept Cas up at night with worry, was that not once had he seen Dean ever manage a full drop on his own. Not ever.
“When I told Sam to bring me here instead of the hospital, I knew exactly what that decision meant.” Dean confessed, “You’ve told me, in intimate fucking detail, exactly what was waiting for me here if I came to you like this. And you know what? I actually do want this. All of it. I want to stay here; I want to be with you.”
When the need has finally settled back to a low familiar ache, Castiel turns to Dean and asks, "You're agreeing to follow my entire treatment plan? No exceptions?” he sounds almost disbelieving, testing his luck.
Benny took advantage of the clever design to push the tube in a little more, helping the enema formula penetrate even deeper inside.
He slid his free hand down over Dean's chest and stomach, moving lower until he was resting his palm on his abdomen, which pressed on firmly. He could feel that Dean was sore there, his muscles holding the tension, the skin fever hot. He couldn't feel anything of the fullness that would normally be expected during an enema, but Dean could hold so little that it didn't even make the slightest bulge. In fact, the whole area was still concave, his recent weight loss only adding to the issue Cas observed sadly. It would take some serious work to force Dean back up to a healthy weight.
Benny left before Dean had a chance to ask if he was referring to Sam or Castiel. And he was asleep before he had a chance to think too hard on it either way.
The only way to increase Dean's stomach capacity was to gradually increase the size of the meals he consumed. To stretch it until it returned to a more normal capacity. He hadn't planned on beginning this process so soon, this rate of feed should have been nowhere near what he expected would cause Dean this level of distress. But that only served to highlight the severe need to begin treatment. He made up his mind.
“Okay, Love.” Cas is gentle, trying to sooth him with his words and his body, “Can you explain it to me?”
Dean wants to argue, but Castiel just barrels on, "Anyway, let's get up off this floor. There's a sofa about six metres to our right. Do you think you can make it over there, if I help you?"
“One more after this,” Benny reported mercilessly, as he continued to press more of the thick gel inside, “Trust me brother, you’ll thank me for this once we get started on the actual insertion.”
Even as Cas, gentle as ever, patiently waited each time he needed a break, his breath still caught and his teeth ground down each time Cas so much as shifted the tube, he constantly fought back the edge of panic.
“Fuck you,” Dean snarled. But Cas was expecting that; Dean always fought against it initially, especially when he knew Cas was going to push him all the way down, it was really tough for him to just let go.
He held back a grunt of pain as he did his best to ease the fall, jarring his already sore muscles and bones. But thankfully, little sound escaped apart from the slap of his palms and knees colliding with the tiles. He panted through the pain, experience telling him that the resulting bruises were going to be somewhat spectacular.
Castiel had seen it himself. Through careful mimicry, practice and sheer willpower, Dean could pass a neutral or even a low level dominant. He rarely let the mask slip, even with Sam, who habitually forgot his brother even had a dynamic at all. Sure Sam tried, he did all the things the pamphlets suggested, gave his brother rules, set routines, took him to appointments. The problem was that Dean was so good at hiding it, that Sam couldn’t tell that it wasn’t nearly enough.
With that, Benny pats him on the shoulder and wishes them both goodnight. They leave and Dean can hear them pull the door shut to their room.
"Yeah," Sam sighed, "I know. I knew he was downplaying it all along, I just didn't realise how much. Or maybe I did and I just didn't want to admit it," he runs his hands through his hair, gripping some at the back in his fist momentarily, allowing himself a short burst of physical pain to counteract the emotional. Castiel sympathises. It hadn't been easy for any of them.
Dean thought for a moment, considering his options and with an impulsive, heated rush decided, “I really want you to fuck me.”
Which was the truth, he really was too weak to walk even the short distance to the treatment room, but there were other reasons Cas was insisting on the wheelchair. It made Dean reliant on others to move him and care for him, so it would help him fall.
"Ah…" Castiel sounds a bit strange, almost guilty, "Actually… I'm the one to blame for that, not Gabriel. He actually tried to talk me out of it."
"Do you still have the papers?," Sam whispered, careful not to wake Dean, "I'm sorry. I know you didn't want it done like this."
"What'd you dose me with? I haven't felt this good in… actually I don't know when I last felt this good," he's trying to think back... years maybe?
Dean grumbles and curses slightly under his breath, and Cas can just hear the mumbled words not the same thing. But he doesn't push the issue so Cas also lets it go.
“Oh,” Dean was a little shocked. Gabriel had seemed so emotionless and unaffected. But what Cas just told put the whole thing in an entirely different light. He knew well the need to shut down all emotions and feelings to get the job done, he’d done it himself enough times.
"Yes. Sam should go back to Stanford, it's what he's wanted to do for a long time now." Dean looks down at his own hands nervously clenched in his lap and adds, "Don't worry, I'm not expecting you to hit the road with me. I know, I'm done with that life. But I do want to keep helping people, and I know you'll always have my back. We'll keep it local and only when people really need our help. What do you think?”
Dean let out a quiet whimper at the sensation, his body instinctively trying to back away from the thing invading it. He canted his hips the tiny fraction he could manage, but the straps held firm and secure. He couldn't do anything but accept the penetration, as Benny patiently kept feeding it inside. He took his time, letting the liquid do the work of stretching and filling before pushing in again, and again. Another quarter-inch, then another. The liquid, the slight pressure from the flow opening him up with warm insistence.
"Please just leave me alone," he turned away,  as much as the tubes and monitors would allow. He closed his eyes, hoping that Castiel would get the message.
Dean had passed out twice more and even now kept himself awake only through sheer determination. He was hazy with dehydration and starvation, each time he woke the world was a little grayer and colder. He knew he was losing touch with reality, losing physical functionality too. His fingers started to curl involuntarily into fists, his legs trembling and cramping. He tried not to cry, but felt the wetness on his cheeks anyway.
"I trust him," Castiel kept his voice calm, firm, "I have known him my whole life and while he can be a little annoying, he's also a brilliant, experienced doctor, who is dedicated to helping all his patients. Please believe me when I say that you can trust him not to hurt you."
He spun around, unable to get his bearing as he'd never been given the chance to see the room, but he moved anyway. Blindly sending himself forward, using what limited knowledge he had of the entry and the corridor beyond, to stagger onward.
Castiel had settled for intravenous nutrition instead, not a perfect solution, but it would suffice for now. He'd been tempted to start nasogastric tube feeding earlier than planned but worried that he might wake up during the insertion and find it distressing. He planned to give Dean an endoscopy soon, and figure out exactly what he was working with, but knew that refeeding would need to start first.
He wanted it OUT, Now NOW, Take it out!.. everything inside him screamed at the wrongness, the stretching, forceful plastic holding him was wrong. But Sam held him down onto the table, Castiel holding the tube in one hand and a urinary bag in the other, still forcing his legs apart.
Dean thought it through. He might not like some of the choice Castiel made, but he did understand and appreciate that Cas wasn’t just some doctor, throwing another diagnosis at him like darts at a board. This was an Alpha protecting his sick mate. It might feel stifling at times, but it worked for them.
Between the pain and the humiliation, it’s agonisingly wonderful. Just to sink into the feeling of Cas brushing his fingers through his hair, whispering gentle words of encouragement and care, to give up everything else and just
He could feel that his knees were weakening, trembling with the effort to keep him upright. But he persisted, well versed in pushing past physical weaknesses. Then the next tool, this one was lighter but already he felt more positive. It had a flat, flared base that he could feel through the fabric of his mittens. He raised it to his lips. Fingers shaking with fatigue.
Dean opened his mouth to argue, but instead feels a piece of plastic pushed inside. He tries to turn his head away from it, to dislodge it with his tongue. But Castiel grasps both sides of his head and holds him still. An agonizing knot begins to tighten in his guts.
The conversation about the blindfold and having to wear the other items? He tests the thought out, flipping it over. Was he really angry about being forced to endure blindfolds, gags, mitts and probably all manner of other items out in public and privately?
"Love, your judgement's compromised. Please understand, I waited as long as I could, but when you needed me, you came here, you came back to me.”
Dean is very much starting to regret asking Castiel to tell him everything about his treatments, just that list alone is sounds horrendous. He doesn’t want to go on listing, knowing it’ll likely just add more treatments to Castiel’s list.
He wants to scream, but he can’t, his muscles relaxing and his breath calming with the command. His brain floods with soothing neurochemicals, responding to the command. Ordering him down.
He let them rest like that a while. Giving Dean time to just relax, snuggled against him. Safe and warm.
"Ok, Ok." Benny soothed, "I see that you're still angry, and I'm assuming by the long time it took you to consider my question, that it wasn't the gag or the blindfold then?"
Benny had massaged his throat to help the tube slide down, and then once Castiel had aspirated to check it for correct placement, had affixed it to Dean's cheek with a long strip of tape.
“Dean, mate…” Benny tries, but Dean just throws himself sideways, trying to curl his body against them, to force them to let him go.
He had explained that what would be required of them wasn't going to be easy for anyone, especially Dean, but that he relied on them to assist with treatment compliance. Dean would need all their support if he was going to get through the difficult times ahead.
Cas shot him an angry look, but nodded, Good Enough. It was obvious how much pain Dean was in and he couldn't let it continue. He cared too deeply for this frustrating, disaster of an Omega, to let anything harm him. The conversation would have to come later.
Cas thinks for a moment, remembering the conversation. His voice taking a softer, kinder tone as he explains, “Once we started, Gabriel quickly came to realise that I wasn't actually being overprotective nor overstating your vulnerability. Unfortunately, I was right. Gabe told me he’d struggled too. That after the assessment, he’d been so affected by it, he’d taken several days leave.”
"Oh, yeah...Cas has this whole other room setup perfect for you! He gave me a tour earlier, it's much nicer than in here," Sam provided enthusiastically.
Cas is quiet for a long time, thinking “Well, I hadn’t planned on beginning that aspect treatment yet, But I see no reason we can start working towards that.”
Just enough to catch Castiel's worried, shocked expression as he rushed over to him. Just enough to meet his disappointed gaze. Dean felt the weight of it crashing down around him.
For the past five hours, he'd been pretending to sleep. Resting this feverish cheek against the cold glass of the window and desperately trying to hide the shaking. It was a familiar pain. One he'd dealt with for so long that he couldn't really remember a time when he hadn't been hurting. But the edges of his vision were starting to fade and it was becoming difficult to raise his head, that was new.
Cas had sat him down one afternoon in his kitchen and moulded it to fit him exactly. He’d boiled the plastic guards in water and, after letting them cool slightly, had him bite down on them to shape the plastic to his teeth and mouth. There was an opening for breathing and liquids at the front, but otherwise, it fitted completely over his upper and lower teeth and his tongue. He could still remember the feeling of Cas's fingers moulding and shaping the plastic inside his mouth. Holding his chin while he slid his fingers along the gumline and deep into his throat, testing the depth and fit over his tongue. It's a comforting memory.
Cas using his other hand, felt along the edge of his pelvic bones, fingers tracing the sharp jut of his hip and down to where his thighs were forced back up and wide open by the stirrups. Let his hand slip around Dean's thighs, gorgeous even though they were thinner than he was happy with, and pushed inwards, downwards. He gave one last push of his other fingers into Dean's welcoming mouth and slipped them free, much to Dean’s displeasure.
Hands grasped at him, but again he threw them off. He growled, kicked, and screamed at them until they went away. He felt feral. Violent. His thoughts barely coherent.
He's pushing two thick, flat pieces of silicone into each side of Dean's cheeks, followed by a rounded piece that he worked between Dean’s teeth. It rests thick and heavy on his tongue, forcing it to curve around the plastic and giving him the instinctive urge to suck.
It wasn’t painful, just extremely uncomfortable as more and more of the thick, heavy gel was patiently forced deeper and deeper, working it’s way down his urethra.
The chair started to move towards the elevators, and he could feel Benny rest his hand on his shoulder. He could also hear footsteps behind him as Sam and Cas followed them into the lift. No one spoke, but he could hear them shifting uncomfortably. He just didn't have the energy to care.
But, Cas had naively hoped that he wouldn’t have to do this again so soon, that Dean might be able to maintain it on his own. But it was obvious now that he couldn’t, and he was clearly suffering.
They let him release. It felt awful and amazing all at once. Dean wanted to cry and beg and laugh, he felt a bit hysterical at all the emotions cascading inside him at finally being done. But also contented at finishing a task set by his alpha, his dominant, his mate.
"I fucked up. All right?" He didn't mean the words as an attack, but they came out like that anyway, biting and snarling, "and I didn't tell anyone. Now everything goddamn hurts."
Dean pulled Castiel's fingers back out of his mouth and let them fall from his lips. "I don't need more doctors, you're all I need,"
Dean didn't know how to respond to this confession. It sounded like Castiel blamed himself for this, but Dean didn't know why. He tried to speak, but the fingers in his mouth refused to budge, so the words came out jumbled and incomprehensible.
"Oh shit," Sam gasps, still obviously winded, and struggling to hang on to Dean's suddenly dead weight. “Did you just drop him involuntarily?”
“I was wrong and I'm so incredibly sorry." Cas sounds hopeless, and Dean feels it, deep at the back of his mind; Castiel’s desperation.
That makes Dean pause for a moment, but he’d already decided, “Yes. That too. Same thing. I’ll try, but you might have to make me,” a horrible thought then occurred to Dean, “Wait...he’s gonna make me talk about my ‘feelings’, isn’t he?”
"I think you woke up alone and confused. You felt sore and afraid, so you did what you were trained to do. Get yourself free. And that's a good thing….normally."
"Just... Take me to Cas. I don't want to talk about it," he tried to keep his voice steady, but he'd be lucky if he remained conscious for the rest of the conversation, let alone long enough to convince Sam to shut up and drive him to the Castiel's estate.
But he doesn't make a sound. He can't. He’s frozen somewhere between rage and love, somewhere that feels like nothing and everything all at once. He doesn't want Caatiel touching him, but he desperately wants to somehow sink himself deep inside the other man and hide from the rest of the world.
"Dean, that isn't true," he admonished, sounding disappointed, "It's important that you don't lie about your health." Castiel fell silent for a moment, thinking, "I can see that you may need some additional assistance with this. How about a new rule?"
"Ok," Castiel directed Dean's attention back to him, "I'm going to remove your plug now. Don't worry if you can't keep it in while I do that, we're all wearing gloves and the basin is directly underneath you. Just let it go."
It felt so odd, so wrong. It  against the inside of his passage, rough and painful tugging deep inside him.
"Soon. Benny's just finished checking the equipment. But I wanted to go over quickly what our plan is for this."
He stood up, swaying. Felt hands grasps his wrists, but the adrenaline and rage gave him the strength to push them away for a second time.
“I’m completely serious,” Castiel’s tone has turned carefully mild, purposefully even, he's caught on to the danger, “ I know talking about trusting and being cared for makes you scared and uncomfortable, but it’s necessary."
"My cheek feels like I took a punch. I have a headache, but I always have one. Oh and my hip hurts where I fell on it." He let out a bitter sort of laugh, "So overall, pretty normal for me."
"I told you this might happen," Castiel's voice full of solemn, cold reproach, "That with your condition, things can go very wrong, very fast. And now they have. You need to comply with treatment. I need to know that you understand."
Chapter Warnings: Historical emotional and physical abuse by John WInchester, Panic attacks, discussions on illness and injury,  psychological trauma, emotional instability. But don't worry, they gonna make it better, I promise!!
Castiel smiles, but cautions him, “Sam isn’t aware yet and Dean wishes to be the one to tell him.  Dean’s not yet ready to address it publicly, so please do not discuss the issue with either of them.”
It was clear that he was fighting his way back up. The embarrassment and social discomfort he was experiencing, destabilizing his ability to maintain his obedience and submission. Castiel tried not to feel disappointed. They had been expecting this after all.
It felt enormous. He couldn’t help but be reminded of it every time he shifted even the tiniest fraction. The uncomfortable wrongness of the plastic pushing deep inside his body, holding him open in places that should never be forced open. He wanted to pull it
He examined Dean's clit gently, careful not to provide too much pressure, before slipping his fingertips further down to feel along the inner folds below. Dean was wet and desperately aroused, swollen and sensitive. He used what little traction he could get to press back against Castiel's fingers, inviting him inside, wanting it desperately. And Castiel for his part, longed to do just that. To slip his fingers inward, allowing himself to slide the inch or so over to open Dean's vaginal passage and push inside. God how he wanted it!
But he could almost hear it… glass smashing beside his head and feel the shards slice his neck. He’d needed eight stitches. Still had the scar, high up under his ear.
He didn't know why he didn't just drop that damn ball. He'd wanted to, even come close a couple of times, but something kept preventing him. Something sitting low in his belly, sending heat flowing up his spine. Something that gloried in obedience, in the hurt and need.
He couldn't keep going like this for much longer, he knew that. But he was terrified of what that meant. Of what Sam might feel he had to do.
Dean couldn't help but ask, "Keep what in? This thing?" He gestured to the plastic tube still pushed deeply inside him. It was still extremely uncomfortable, the stretch of the hard plastic forced inside his tender passage ached. He wanted it out, his hands twitched with the desire to just yank it out of himself. But knew, not only was it was still very necessary, but that even if he succeeded, Castiel would just sigh and ask Sam and Benny to hold him still while he inserted a new one. And he
"Yes. That's what Gabriel does. He can help you develop healthier responses, behaviours and coping strategies. Calm the rage and terror, and help you find healing through acceptance of your submissive side. At least that's how Gabe's described it to me."
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, pulling back, but leaving his hand resting along the underneath of Dean's jaw, fingers still in his mouth, "but it's necessary. It's a small volume, so it needs longer to work. In addition, now that he’s under my care, we will be using retention enemas extensively in his Submissive Dynamic Therapy, so he'll need to get used to them,"
Castiel walked out. Not even pausing to say goodbye, but Dean would hear the catch in his breath as he rushed from the room,
Then feels the liquid, cold press of lube against his hole and he clenches hard, fighting to buck up away from it. But the straps barely let him shift at all, instead he just shakes and trembles. He can feel the press of a finger working the muscle around his sphincter. It feels wonderful, and awful at the same time.
Dean does and Cas shines a light down the back of his throat, “It’s a little inflamed, but not more than expected. I can give you some lozenges to suck which can help sooth your throat. But it’s likely that the main issue is actually the narrowing of your oesophagus, which we will need to treat directly. I’ve already scheduled time for Esophageal Manometry next week and an Upper Endoscopy the following week, so we should have a better idea of what we’re dealing with after those are completed. It’s likely you’ll need several rounds of Esophageal dilation before you’ll be ready to eat solids again, but we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.”
“That may be true,” Cas agreed sadly, “but it’s his choice and I’ll honour that. But back to the matter at hand, unfortunately, although he very much enjoys anal penetration and prostate stimulation, he hasn't been able to stand taking more than a single finger width since before I've known him. He's told me in the past that he very much misses it, but it's now too painful for him no matter how much preparation involved. I hope with a full-time dilation schedule and thorough anal and vaginal training to help him once again achieve full penetration in both passages.” He thinks wistfully, how pleased Dean will be once he’s given that option back, he’d seen just how frustrated and disappointed Dean had been each time he’d been unable to achieve it, no matter how much Cas had reassured him that it didn’t matter to him. Dean wanted it for himself.
"No, No. I don't need…" Dean started, but was cut off by Castiel pressing a couple of fingers into his mouth. Pushing them in and out, massaging along his tongue until Dean instinctively began to suck. It felt so good, almost immediately helping calm his racing thoughts.
He vaguely registered voices, anxious words and his name being called out. But he ignored them all. Instead, focusing on finding where the carpet changed to tile and following it to the edge of the doorway.
Also, please comment! Honestly, I'm so curious why people are reading this fic.  Is it the medical kink? The Hurt/Comfort? The Hardcore caretaking? The BDSM? What would you honestly like to read more of here? So I can put more of that good stuff in the fic! I have a general plot outlined, but there is plenty of scope for additional scenes here and there. Plus I'm always fascinated by what appeals to people!
"You're taking this so well. Only two more after this one,"  Cas informed him, hoping that the information might help him cope better with it. Cas hoped that letting Dean know there was an endpoint ahead might even help him stay down.
Castiel gave into the urge to press his lips to the soft edge of Dean's mouth, not wanting to excite him, just expressing affection, "I love you," he whispers into Dean's ear, so quietly that Sam can't quite catch the words, "Thank you for trusting me,"
He lay there panting and broken. Feeling the rough texture of the carpet, and the wet slide of tears slipping down his nose and cheeks.
Dean lets out a low, angry sound. Humiliation. Shame. His father's voice bitter and cruel, taunting him.
So instead, he pulled his fingers away completely. Much to Dean's displeasure.  He might feel the desire to be entered, but right now, even fingers would likely be too painful, maybe even damaging to him. No, Castiel told himself, be patient, make sure it's done right.
“Yes. I agree to your whole plan, I’ll even give it all my best shot. But...”  Dean knew that admitting to the next bit was going to be the hardest part by far, he pushed through knowing he really did need to tell Castiel, “I can’t promise that I’ll be able to submit. I’ll probably still fight you, argue and make life hard for us both. And... um... Okay…” Dean struggles with the words, with what he’s about to give away, knowing he might be damning himself, “Sometimes…If we’re actually doing this right, I’m gonna need you to take my choices away...if I don’t have to make them for myself, everything else comes easier. Not all the time! But… you how having rules really helps me? Well, I kinda need more of that. I want more…”
Suddenly, the pain turned sharp, and he could tell the end was just inside the base of his dick, then half way down, then right at the tip. One last pull and Benny had it out, the last of the plastic pulling free.
“Fine,” Dean admits, “I believe you. You thought it would help. But it wasn’t necessary…I’m not.. I’m not
"Right now, I'm just focusing on getting you stabilized.” Dean didn’t look too upset about that so Castiel decided to continue, hoping Dean might be willing to actually listen for once ‘You're significantly underweight and malnourished. You've been chronically dehydrated for months, if not years. And your blood results suggest you're anaemic and hormone imbalanced. You're too sick to do any invasive tests or investigate much else right now, but I will be looking to start you on some stabilisation medications in the meantime. You'll also need to begin refeeding, so a nasogastric tube will probably be necessary."
"I know that was very difficult, but it's over now, sweetheart. You can sleep for a bit, we'll be here to look after you," finally Castiel's voice only held that familiar warmth and affection. He felt Cas's hand resting in his hair, smoothing back the strands. He leant forward and Dean could feel the press of lips to the side of his face and then he was gone.
He could hear Cas picking something up from the side table then a ringtone "Hi, Yeah, we're ready to head upstairs. Can you bring the wheelchair please?"
Necessary conversations are had, some wounds are healed, but others are going to take a bit more time. Treatments are started and Dean begins the long process towards to acceptance...
A door opening and footsteps crossing the threshold into the room. A breath was drawn and the steps quickened. He dropped the scissors carelessly letting them clatter to the floor as he reached up for the blindfold, suddenly desperate to remove it before the footsteps could reach him.
Dean still eyes him suspiciously, uncomfortable and ready to act, he can't help looking around for possible weapons. If the man is lying, then Dean can see at least seven ways to disable him before he can even get across the bed.
Dean held his breath, trying to control the pain, or mask it a least. Sam would ask questions and he needed to sound convincingly fine. He needed him not to freak out.
Many knew Dean and Sam already, from the times that they'd visited his property and stayed a day or two to recover. They adored Dean already, not only for his courage and determination, but also for his sweet, generous nature. They already felt protective of him. And Sam, they saw the way he adored his brother, wanting the best for him but unsure how to provide it for him.
“But you still have your safe word,” Cas’s careful to remind him, “If you need a break or you need something to stop, you can still say it.”
“I know love, but you need it,” He leans his forehead against Dean’s, wishing there was a way to make this easier for him, but knowing it was the right thing to do. He kept both of Dean’s hands grasped in his own and waited, giving Dean time to breathe and think, "I'll guide you down, you just have to let me."
Dean can’t quite catch his breath, panting and flush. But Cas can tell that's he's also down deep into subspace, his body responding in that languid, accepting way that only submission could bring him.
“Um,” Dean thought it through, right now it wasn’t so bad, “Maybe a three? It’s really not so bad today.”
Dean had often enjoyed this type of exercise, welcoming the push of Castiel’s fingers or cock into his mouth. It was the only way he was still able to take Castiel and even then it was only in his mouth, his esophagus too tight for anything deeper. Castiel indulged him often, letting him suck and lick as he pleased, even occasionally allowing Dean to warm his dick as he read or worked. Dean absolutely loved that. But Castiel had to be careful, conscious of not pushing back or letting Dean take him too deeply lest he damage himself. They’d work on it, Cas promised himself, he’d make sure Dean could have that too.
"That's good information, thank you," finally Castiel sounds pleased, "You did your best and I'm proud of you for that."
, Dean thought bitterly, as another lancing spike of pain ripped it’s way up his spine. He was thankful for the bit, giving him something to bite down on had been an excellent idea. He ground his teeth and let out a low angry noise, it felt justified.
Cas gives him an unimpressed look,"You certainly do need night time supervision. And anyway, you have slept with someone in the room with you your entire life. Whether it was John or Sam, you are more than used to it by now."
Benny tossed the first plug and tube away to be sanitised later and retrieved the next one. He opened the package and held it up to check the tube had no kinks and inflated correctly, before nodding and handing it to Castiel for insertion.
"You know you need them." Castiel reminds him gently, "Rules settle you and give you structure. You know you feel better when you have clear rules and expectations."
Dean stilled, his brain slowly processing the words. Eventually, though he nodded, just barely, but he managed.
Dean can feel that his cheeks have turned red. His father's voice sharply taunting from deep within his memory,
He tried to raise his hands up again, reaching out for that voice. Wanting to bring it closer. Push it further away, he wasn’t sure. But then another voice spoke, this one different, but still warm and reassuring.
Castiel had already explained the plan, step by dreadful step.  Once he was opened up today, he would be kept open, and not only that, over time he would be gradually opened even wider and taken deeper. Then he’ll be kept that way, Castiel had patiently explained
But then Cas leans down and carefully presses his lips against the rough skin. He takes his time, kissing each scar gently, reverently like they're sacred. When he's finally done, Dean's left shivering, oversensitive and raw.
It had felt like he was burning. Like he was drowning.  For a moment he was disoriented, unsure. Reaching around in his mind for the spark that had lit the Bonfire.
He felt his breath start to slow down a bit as he was forced to push it through the plastic opening, it was nice in a way to have something to focus his breathing on.
"You too," Dean smiled up to where he hoped Balthazar was standing. He suddenly felt uncomfortable, once again reminded of how strange he must look with the thick straps of the blindfold fastened around his head and neck, "Uh, Cas?"
He could feel all the straps being unfastened one by one, but he just couldn't bring himself to care. He rested limply, feeling distant and heavy.
He stumbled, reaching out his hands but finding nothing but air, he fell, agony ripping through his already damaged joints as he crashed to his knees. His wrists twisted under his weight and he fell forward again, sprawling out onto the floor, pain raging up his spine like punishment, like he’d earned it.
But then Cas smiled happy and relieved, obviously pleased to see Dean awake and looking much more alert.  Dean couldn’t help but feel something heavy in his chest start to lift. There was always something reassuring about waking up in his presence, so necessary.
"Don't worry, I require all of my household staff to be formally trained in submissive omega care. You are safe with them, I promise you." Cas rushes to reassure him.
"I'm sorry sweetheart. I know that won't be easy for you. But it's necessary" he kissed the cheek where the bruise was forming, "You can start now. Just list for me each place in your body where you are currently experiencing pain or discomfort. I won't make you rate it, not yet anyway, we'll work on that another time."
He could feel it, as they both stepped either side of him and leant down. They pulled him upright and then turned him, before easing him back down onto the seat. He practically collapsed into it, thankful for the strap that got pulled across his waist. He wouldn’t have been able to stay upright without it.
Cas hung up the phone, "He said he'd heat up some soup and also send up some chocolate mousse. Apparently he's  under the impression you have a sweet tooth."
“Dean,” Benny gets his attention, “Brother, you gotta relax. You know it only hurts more when you clench up,” He’s pressing, rubbing a soothing hand across Dean’s abdomen.
Sam was scared, Dean could see his fear.  Storms laden with emotion building behind his brother's eyes. Sam was terrified of losing him.
Dean was scared and angry too. Angry at everything for putting him in this position, angry at his body, angry at his mind. Angry at the world.
Finally, finally that goddamn flow was stopped. Dean felt beyond full, beyond stretched and heavy. His body felt sore in places he didn't even want to think about, a deep internal ache. He groaned, frustrated and sore.
“Right,” Dean breathes out, his body relaxing, no point getting all worked up when there was a rule about it.  His mind cleared a little, calmed at the reminder.
He feels Cas gently grasp his penis and with his fingers, examine where the tube enters his urethra, “This looks good. All the redness has gone and there’s nice elasticity around your opening. I think it’s time we moved up a size.”
It was the final, agonising push against the opening of his bladder that set Dean off one final time, fighting against Sam and Castiel and the plastic invading his body.
He feels Castiel clip a pulse oximeter to his finger and a heart monitor pad to his chest. There are light tugs on his other tubes and monitors as they are fixed into place around him, he tries to ignore the powerless feeling that follows, but it only serves to push him further down.
Now that he was awake again, the pain had him curling over in the passenger seat, sobbing and begging Sam to get him to Castiel. He felt like he was going to rip open and he needed something, anything to just please, anything, just make it stop. He was going to tear apart!
He was also aware that alongside his own treatment schedule, they had developed their own plan to provide Dean with the support and care he deserved. He knew that the Dean would find the next few months and years hard, what was necessary unfortunately, wasn't going to be easy, but hopefully with everyone working together they would get him through it.
"Any idea which ones he'll need, how much or how many?" Benny asked as he finished prepping the last pump.
"Ok, that's good to know and we can take a good look at you when you're feeling better, in case you missed anything. Are you ready for the next question?"
He keeps fighting, instinctively throwing his weight against the movement as they try to move him over. He kicks out, foot colliding with something soft and hears a grunt, from Sammy, he thinks with vague satisfaction.
"We're almost there, just one last push," Cas calmly informed him as he kept feeding in the plastic..
"Take your time. If you like, you can list them from least annoying to most." There's an amused lilt to his voice, like he is trying to guess which ones Dean will pick first.
The timer rang out and startled Dean slightly, "It's alright," Benny’s voice was warm with affection, "We're just going to ease you up a moment and then you can release,"
“Can you rate it for me, Sweetheart? With a zero being ‘no pain at all’ and a ten being ‘the worst pain you’ve ever experienced’.”
Dean isn't sure of that, "He's the doctor who made me do that assessment. After that, I can't say I trust his judgement or his help."
His thoughts swirled and cascaded around inside his mind, it was like looking through a kaleidoscope, all jumbled and confusing.
"I'm still learning too," Cas says as he wipes Dean's face with a soft cloth, "Helping you physically recover is the easy part, I know exactly what I need to do to help you with that, but psychological damage? It just isn't something that I have experience treating. Medically speaking, the appropriate response to your anxiety would be to drop you immediately into deep submission. But as I knew that wouldn't be appreciated, instead I tried distracting you with something that I knew you enjoyed. But that just led to you panicking, didn’t it?" he sounded miserable.
"Ok, this is the bed" Benny says, as they come to a stop. He felt the lift, but didn't fight it, and soon he's settled back against the mattress.
“Sorry, Brother,” Benny apologises, “I can’t warm the spray up, but I’ll make sure the rest of it isn’t as cold.”
"I'm going to remove the gag, is that all right?" it sounds like a genuine question, like Castiel really does want to know the answer. Like it’s a choice.
He'd done several basic check-ups on Dean already, taken blood and urine samples and thankfully eveything indicated that overall he was recovering nicely. However, he hadn't had a chance to do a full examination of the areas that were most problematic for Dean. There was no getting around the fact that there might be major issues that he was missing.  He just hadn’t wanted to put Dean through yet another traumatic experience so soon.
Cas reaches out and slides his hand firmly under Dean's jaw, turning his face upwards and forcing him to meet his gaze...
He turned the car around and hit the accelerator harshly, jarring a ragged sob out of Dean. He ignored it, too angry, too scared.
Dean, barely holding himself upright, tried to stumble to his feet but Sam slipped his arm under his shoulder and practically carried him towards the house. Cas took the other side, together taking on all of Dean's weight as they rushed him into the clinic.
He hadn't shown Dean the space yet, not wanting to concern him with it until it was necessary. He knew it was going to be a lot for him to handle, but he was going to have to get his head around it eventually. Now was a good a time as any.
He hadn't been able to pass any urine for the last three days, and even before then, it had been incredibly difficult to force anything out. For weeks he'd had to sit, shaking with the strain and discomfort, waiting and hoping, for only the barest trickle to escape. It was like there just wasn't space inside his urethra for anything to move through.
Benny caught Cas's gaze and shared a sad, knowing look. They both regretted having to continue with the next one, but there was nothing for it, this wasn't nearly finished.
He closed his eyes, drifting off just as he felt the first warm, wet cloth being wiped across the top of his foot. Benny's sure hand grasping his sole and raising it up so he could side the warm cloth up the back of his calf….
"Going forward, there will need to be some significant changes. Sometimes things are going to take some getting used to, like wearing a blindfold or a gag, but it'll get easier with time. Some of your treatments will also be hard to accept. But you're just going to have to trust me to take care of you, sweetheart. And we will help you learn to tolerate and even like most of it."
To Dean is feel like nothing, a slight change in pressure and the tube moving a little, but it isn’t painful.
Dean wants to scream, he feels like his whole body is shaking with it. It hurts...but even more, he feels so powerless, his body betraying his mind.
He sniffed, antiseptic and soap, were the dominant odors, as well as the faintly chemical smell of Castiel's pheromone blockers. There were also traces of Benny's and Sam's scents, but they were older, hours old. Dean was sure it was just Castiel currently watching over him, and as far as he could tell, for whatever reason, he wasn't in the room right now. Dean was alone.
The thought was bright and colourful. It made his stomach flutter, but in a good way. Made his pulse rise again, but with anticipation. After watching the way Cas handled those vamps, Dean was dying to see him in action again.
He asked Benny to watch over Dean. The nurse was well briefed on the plan for Dean's care and treatment, had helped him design it, and could be relied upon to provide whatever Dean required. There was no way Castiel would be allowing Dean to be left unsupervised anytime soon, not with his extremely fragile health, vulnerable psychological state, traumatic background, and extensive combat/evasion skills. No, Dean would require constant monitoring and supervision for a long time to come.
"I just can't! Don't you get that?!" Dean can't seem to find the words to explain the knawing, creeping fear that's climbing up his vertebrae and sinking its claws into the back of his skull. The pain and powerlessness that it brings.
At first, Dean can’t feel much of anything, just a slight warmth of the liquid as it begins to flow inside him. It’s calming, soothing, but he knows it won’t last long. Cas shushes him, running his fingers through his hair in just the way he knows Dean likes it.
It was true, Castiel had warned him, all the doctors had warned him. Cas had begged. Sam had begged.
"So good for me," he lent forward, between Dean's spread legs, to place a gentle kiss of the sensitive skin of each of Dean's inner thighs,  "Well done,"
“My stomach still hurts, but you know about that one already. It isn’t cramping as much though, so that’s good. Still feels too full, stretched like you’re pumping gallons into me.”
Sam looks hopeful for a moment, "I do want that for him. I know it's going to be awful for him for a while. A while ago I read up on it and looked into some of the treatments. Honestly, most of them seem almost cruel. I think part of why I just let this go on as long as I did, was fear for him and for me, I didn't want to face having to take the necessary steps to ensure he was healthy. I'm not sure I'll be able to it now,"
This conversation had been coming for weeks, the dread building inside him. He knew pain and could deal with it, but this was something else, this was something
"You didn't do anything wrong. You just expected your body to cope in the same way that other people's bodies do. It's natural to expect it would. But it's just that your body doesn’t work like other people's bodies.”
He drifted off to the sounds of Cas lowering the brightness of the lights and taking a seat by the doorway. He had a file in his lap and was writing some notes, but Dean was asleep before he had a chance to ask what he was writing down.
“Hush,” Castiel soothes his hair back from his face, “I’m so proud of you. I know it’s not easy for you to express submissive needs or to accept help. You’re being so strong.”
“He’s only partially dropped, he’s getting there but it’s a struggle. The straps help, as does the blindfold, but he’s still fighting it,” Cas’s voice sounds too controlled, too careful in his wording.
The decision Sam had already made, while driving his brother towards Cas's home. Here is the only place Dean asked to go. When he was hurting, when scared, this is the only place he ever felt safe.
Dean opened his eyes reluctantly, his still aching muscles and tired mind slow to focus and rise out of exhausted sleep. He knew he would need to face the music eventually, but he really didn't feel ready. Everything still hurt too much.
But Castiel's low, controlled voice cut through the panic, as always, gentle but firm, "No, you will never ever be sent to a facility or a care home. I promise. You will be staying here, with me."
But Cas catches his hand, and aborts the gesture, holding Dean's hand firmly in his own, "What's your first rule?"
"Just relax," Benny soothed, "We're going to take you into the elevator now, and then straight to bed."
Although his brother had held his guardianship since their father had passed away, they barely spoke about it, barely acknowledged the fact that Sam basically owned Dean.
Sam and Dean were aware that he had professional security monitoring the grounds. They had to pass through two different security check points prior to entering the main property. And they had no doubt seen the patrols, the cameras and the guard stations along the edges on his extensive lands.
“We’re going to start the first enema. We’ll take it really gradually, first work on relaxing his anal sphincter muscles to allow for entry, then gently insert the tube inside. I’ll set the flow slow to give his body time to accommodate it. He can’t take a high volume yet, so we may have to stick with repeated smaller volume enemas instead,”
Cas looks a little shocked at Dean’s completely unexpected request, but pulls himself together, “You want to hunt with me?"
Dean doesn’t comment, but he can’t help the trembling that’s coursing through his body. The memory of searing pain as Cas thrust the plastic tube inside him the first time, comes back in visceral detail. He knows he’s panting, scared and a little panicked.
"Yep," Dean aimed for nonchalant, but came across more petulant sounding, "Good as new. Thanks for fixing me up. Sam and I will be out of your hair as soon as you unhook me, we left halfway through a hunt. Gotta get back to it," he gestured to the IV and catheter bag he could see hanging on the side of the bed.
“You know...” Dean eventually said, “I should have guessed. You're overprotective and obsessively thorough, so of course you'd follow through. I knew what I was signing up for going into the relationship with you.” he confessed quietly, his voice full of tenderness and resignation, “I guess I just wasn’t ready to admit it.”
Dean tried to get his head around the fact that Castiel had planned this to the point of arranging for rooms above his clinic and private elevator. He didn’t know what to think about it all.
Dean doesn’t reply. Can’t. The want boiling deep down inside him and for a moment the press of the tube almost felt good, right. Like his body knew and loved the penetration, because it was Cas who had ordered it there. A taste of what might just be possible ...
Castiel decided it was probably better to let the topic of the new sleeping arrangements rest until Dean had a chance to get used to the idea.
Castiel kissed him then. Sweet, almost chastely, "We're finished and I couldn't be more proud of you. Well done. We'll just clean you up and then you can nap for a little while."
Not this constant battle that he could never win. It broke his heart that the only good drops Dean ever achieved were because he was forced down. Cas knew he should be thankful that Dean was able to achieve a full drop at all. Grateful that he was susceptible to involuntary drops and partial drops. But instead, he just felt angry.  Angry that Dean couldn’t even have this one thing. This one escape, one comfort that every other sub got to experience so easily.  It really seemed like Dean had to fight for everything.
Exhausted and defeated he slid to the floor. Sobbing with anger and frustration. In a final effort, he raised his mitted hands up to his head, trying to dislodge the blindfold again. It was still weakened from where he had cut it earlier, just maybe he could….
He used his mitted hands to push himself upright, and slid sideways, resting his hands on the chair on either side of his hips. His feet still dangled in the air, he had no way to know the distance to the ground, but assumed that Cas wouldn't have him raised up too high lest he fall. He pushed forward off the table trusting his hands to take his weight as he slid his feet to the ground. It wasn't far, but the shock of the cold and his own weight sent him forward anyway, crashing to the ground in a heap.
This time there was no gag to sooth himself with, no straps to hold him safe and secure, no mitts to keep him from clenching his fingers too tightly. He wanted them all, but he wouldn’t ask for them.
"Thank you,” Castiel brushed his thumb across his cheek, “that feels lovely. Is the gag still comfortable to wear?"
Cas reached over and slid the blindfold over Dean’s eyes, giving him the security and comfort he found in it. Dean started to shake a little through, so he took his mitted hands in his own, hoping the contact might steady him. He couldn't help the rush of concern that flooded him at the thinness of the bones and muscles under his hands.
Dean would have pushed him away and gotten up anyway, but he was still so tired, his whole body felt like it'd been put through the ringer. He ached in places he didn't know he could ache.
He can’t imagine how much worse this would be without that gel.  No matter how weird it had felt going inside. He definitely wouldn’t be complaining about
“Then let’s start. If I’ve got to deal with all these other treatments, then I want to work on that. Starting today.”
Everything was a struggle for him, his body constantly in pain and gradually shutting down. His mind, a battlefield.
Dean groans but pulls his hand back and places in his lap, "Fine. But can you please turn it off? It's too much already."
Dean purposefully didn’t say, he knew they got it. Instead he bit his lip and tried desperately to hold back the pathetic whimper noises that wanted to escape from his throat as his brain screamed and silently begged.
Benny was the last to leave, he checked the IV bag and lowered the lights. Before he left, he rested his hand on Dean's shoulder, for a moment, "He loves you, you know. He would give up heaven and earth for you. You just gotta give him a chance."
Three minutes later, Dean was still panting but was otherwise silent as the liquid finally escaped from his body. Castiel could clearly see the exhaustion in his sluggish, uncoordinated movements. He’d been running on adrenaline and now it was wearing off. After this he would likely crash even worse than before, likely to be barely conscious at all for the next few days.
He could feel himself panicking for real now, the edge of the room going gray. His breathing getting faster and heartbeat louder. He started to plan ways to escape, the get away, away from whatever Sam had done to him.
Conscious not to make the same mistake as yesterday, Cas stays quiet but making sure Dean knows he’s listening. Giving him the space to verbalise the chaos churning inside.
Cas snuggles down behind him, pulling their bodies close and tucking his head into the space at the back of Dean’s neck, breathing in his scent.
. Thicker than he’s ever felt before and more secure. Wide bands of fabric and velcro. The ball is pulled out of his grip, but only long enough to take the mitts off and then it’s back. A kiss pressed to the top of his hand as Cas helps him grip it tightly, before he fastens a strap across his wrist securely.
"I'm sorry, no. It's helping you. Even when it doesn't feel like it, believe me when I say that it's necessary."
He grasped the first item and brought it up to his lips, flicking his tongue out to feel around the edges of it. A dental mirror. He silently cursed and gently placed it on the bench beside him before reaching in for another. This time he grasped a slightly larger object, heavier and again pressed it to his lips, licking gently to feel the edges of it. A clamp. Close but not close enough. Again he gently eased the tool onto the table and felt into the drawer.
Dean’s breath catches when he can feel Benny uncoil the feeding tube and connect it to the pump. He lets out an involuntary noise of protest, but Cas soothes him, kissing his cheek and running his free hand down his back, “I know. It’ll get easier with time, I promise.”  Dean searches out his hand, he can feel it when Cas grasps it though the fabric of the mitt and it’s comforting to feel him near.
He’s rewarded with a kiss pressed to his lips and the whispered praise, “You’re also being very good.”
He moved his fingers downwards, but this time only to inspect his rim, pleased to see that it was nicely pink and healthy, Benny had done an excellent job, as always.
Benny chucked but kept pressing down on the plunger steadily, until about a minute later he’d pushed the entire syringeful deep inside.
“That’s good,” Cas encouraged. Dean could hear that his voice was nearby, probably kneeling in front of him, he can feel his hands push up to rest, one on his sternum and the other on his cheek, “Keep breathing just like that. I’m going to explain what’s happening now for Sam alright? Just like I promised. You just keep breathing nice and relaxed.”
Benny moved out of the way to give Castiel access, as he took the position between Dean's legs, careful to maintain precious contact with skin.
“Swap places with me,” Castiel instructs Benny, his voice drifting up from between Dean’s spread legs, and he can hear them walking, changing places so Cas is now beside him, touching his neck, his face, kissing his cheek.
Sam just continues to cry, leaning his face into Dean's hip, his arm reaching across him to pull him close. "I'm so sorry,"
“Dean,” Sam said firmly, surprising Cas, “Even I know you need this and so do you. Just let Cas take care of you,”
Dean raised his eyes to meet Sam's furious gaze, "Of course I didn't tell you. I didn't want to deal with all this shit!" Dean gestured to the tubes and monitors snaking their way inside him.
Sam's voice was full of rage and despair, "You're severely dehydrated, been starving yourself for months. You probably gave yourself permanent kidney and bladder damage, nevermind the bladd damage! All of which we're now going to have to do tests for by the way. And who knows what else!?!! Fuck Dean, you had seizures, multiple times. Why didn't you say something?!?"
He reminded himself, this wouldn’t be forever, once he’d recovered enough, Castiel had promised he’d get to hunt again. He knew he couldn’t ever go back to how it was before, but maybe he could convince Castiel to go on some hunts with him?
He lifted his hips, quietly testing if the waistband strap was still secured, but even that had been left off. They were planning on moving him soon, he guessed, probably even in the next few minutes. He needed to move fast.
Thankfully, now that he was calm and focused on obedience, Dean readily expelled the liquid and other matter held inside him. The only indication that he was uncomfortable was his slightly panting breath and clammy skin. It was such a small amount that it didn’t take long for the rest of the liquid to make its way out.
Castiel notes that down, but gives him a stern look, “I will insist on it, if I believe that your pain level requires it.”
“Okay Dean. To start off with, I’m just going to spray the area with an analgesic and antiseptic, it might be a little cold.”
Castiel laughed bitterly and moved his hand over to pat Dean's chest affectionately, "I so wish that were true!! But I definitely do need help. My training is primarily in the medical and surgical fields of Omega care. While I'm extremely confident in treating your body, I need expert assistance with the neurological and psychological aspects. Gabe is the doctor who confirmed your DRD diagnosis. Do you remember him? He did those online assessment sessions with us last year?"
But the spasms start almost immediately, even before the feeling of fullness and the stretch that he knows is coming. He can feel his abdominal muscles tensing and releasing as shoots of pain run up his sides. He doesn’t know if it’s psychosomatic or real, but it fucking hurts already.
He also knew that he was wearing down, his own thoughts no longer making sense and that soon he would be too exhausted to fight. But still, he struggled. Trying again to raise his hands to his mouth, his eyes, push the blindfold off. But always his hands were gently guided away.
Cas apologized for not being able to do much about the discomfort, he'd injected an numbing gel up his urethra as deeply as he could and given Dean some general pain relief through an IV, but it wasn't doing much to take the edge off as the tube moved in again, deeper inside his body.
Dean huffs out an unexpected laugh “Well, if he’s willing to call you out on your bullshit.  That’s worth a point in his favour.”
"Yes. Alright. Fucking Fine. Just do what you need to do to fix me. Please Cas," he ground out, desperately. Wanting to beg Cas not to give him a lecture right now, just Fix It.... fix it before he passed out again and the damage became permanent.
"And uh… the catheter sucks! It is really uncomfortable, the tube feels too big to fit and makes me want to yank it out. Don't worry, I won't! The tube in my nose itches and the back of my throat is a bit raw from it, but not too bad. I don't like the stuff you're forcing into my stomach though, it's too much. That hurts a lot. I um… I can't think of any more right now, but I'm sure there is…"
there. This time he’d agreed to all of it ahead of time. And to add insult to injury, he’d even gotten himself up out of the wheelchair and with Benny’s help, voluntarily lowered himself down.
Next he licked his lips, someone had coated them in vaguely sweet tasting balm. At least he was free of the gag, he thought gratefully, running his tongue over his teeth. If he wasn't mistaken, someone had also brushed his teeth and dressed him in soft pyjamas.
Cas sensing Dean's need for comfort, pulls him back into his arms , locking their bodies together and tells him firmly, “I've loved you since the moment I first met you."
Castiel’s heart broke a little bit every time he was reminded of the many years Dean had been denied even that small kindness. Of John’s cruelty.  In forcing his child to repress and distort entire aspects of his core identity, he’d broken him. Broken his mind and broken his spirit. Dean had ripped his soul apart trying to be what John had wanted, his perfect soldier. But it would never be enough. John had broken his child and it was up to Castiel to heal him.  Dean needed to be taught that he was good and that he was loved. Over and over, as many times as necessary and even more. Castiel saw it as his life's work, making sure Dean heard the words and internalised the meaning, that he knew the truth.
"Not much. Mostly you'll be feeling better because you're no longer chronically dehydrated and there is less pressure on your body’s digestive systems right now. I gave you IV nutrition and saline which I'm sure has helped with your energy levels as well as vitamin and mineral deficiencies. Also some low dose pain relief. Nothing strong I assure you, but enough to take the edge off.
Even though Sam was neutral, and Castiel would never expect Sam to Dominate Dean in any way, he should still learn about this so he could understand his brother better and build a basic understanding of what caring for his brother entailed.
His body was fighting back from the edge of failure and gotten so close to serious, even permanent damage. Cas didn’t even want to think about that, but knew he had to do Dean's full examination soon, just to be sure.
He was exhausted. Down to the bone tired and Castiel seemed to sense it. With a loud click, he pushed the base section of the table back up into place and then he picked up each of Dean's feet, placing them gently back down so he was finally laying flat.
Castiel eased his finger inside Dean's mouth, working it between his cheek and the gag, first one side and then the other, feeling along the plastic for any rough spots and checking for correct positioning. Then he slipped his finger inside the hole at the front, running his fingertip along the inner edges of the mouthguard and over where the plastic secured his tongue, before pushing in to run it along the ridge at the back. Dean gagged slightly, but welcomed him anyway, using what little his tongue was able to move, to lap and curl around his finger affectionately.
"Know this, love. They're your secrets, to keep or to tell. I won't ever force you. But there's no need to carry these burdens all on your own anymore. If one day you're ready, I'll still be here. No matter what you tell me, it won't change how I feel about you. I will still love you."
Dean starts to shift away again, uncomfortable, but Castiel just holds him tight “I should have realized that this wasn’t something that I couldn’t just distract you from, that what you were telling me was that you were terrified. I should have listened, talked with you about your fears rather than attempting to distract you from them. It was the wrong thing to do.”
At first, he’d refused to wear it, claiming it made him claustrophobic, but Cas had been patient, allowing him to pull it out for a few minutes each time he needed a break before he’d push it back in again. Eventually, Dean had grown used to it, even if he still didn’t really like how completely it filled his mouth and made it impossible to speak or refuse to swallow when Cas slid the tube for liquids through the opening. Which he did fairly often when he thought Dean needed the hydration or the calories; several of their scenes in fact had been exactly that. Actually, many of their scenes were unusually domestic. Dean didn’t know what to think or how to feel about that, but he suspected that he liked the casually controlling way Castiel sometimes took over such basic everyday tasks like eating and brushing his teeth, but he refused to follow the thought any further.
“Yes, you. do.” The steel is back in Cas's voice, and a new undercurrent of anger, “Listen, I would give anything to wipe away that aspect of your past, and the people who made you believe you aren’t worthy of protection and care. But I can’t. The best I can do is make sure you’re safe now, and legal protection is a major part of it. I won't regret doing anything I can to keep you safe.”
Dean thought, but he shook his head, "Just help get me to bed."  He doesn't know why, but he really doesn’t want to give it up again.
"It's all right," Benny reassures, "of course we'll help you. I'm sure this conversation can wait till after a good night's sleep."
But Dean was furious too, really God Damn angry about all of it. And he didn't need Sam's guilt trip on top of it.
Cas actually laughs, “There might be a bit of that, but it won’t be just that. Actually, he has suggested several uh..... rather more ‘practical’ strategies and exercises for us to do...together.”
But knowing that he couldn’t, that Cas was right there, and that he was safe, helped Dean successfully push the urge down. Letting the ragged urges scratching at the back of his mind settle and fade away. It felt good to snuggle back into Cas’s arms knowing there was no way to act on the distressing impulse.
They'd moved him from the examination table to the recovery bed in the corner. Right now a curtain was pulled across the space, obscuring most of the rest of the room. But he could still see through the door and out the large window by his bed with views of the gardens and the pool, so he figured it wasn't too bad.  The bed was comfortable enough too.  Warm thick cotton sheets and a heavy comforter tucked around him, nothing like the scratchy hospital beds he was used to. Even the curtains were made from what looked like silk, it all seemed so odd to have this sort of luxury in a clinical room like this. But Dean wasn't complaining.
"I know it's uncomfortable. But I can promise you that it's not actually damaging you and that you aren't actually full. Your stomach is sending you false signals because it's been so empty lately that it doesn't recognise anymore when it truly is full. The only way to fix that is to fill it back up again and let it learn what it's like to be full. Once it's done that, then we'll be able to work on helping you increase it. You want to eat proper meals again don't you? Remember our conversation last night about Joe's pie? Just remember, this is what we're working towards. That once we get through this, you'll be able to have pie, and burgers and anything else you want to eat."
Castiel does reach over this time, pulling Sam into a hug, letting him rest his head on Cas's shoulder for a moment.
Dean could feel himself start to shake, the pre-seizure darkness starting to invade his vision. He was losing the edges of the world, as it grew hazy and dark. Not long now he thought bitterly. "Not gonna lie anymore Sammy," he heard himself mumble, almost like it wasn't him speaking, "It's bad....it's really, really bad,"
“You’re in no state to stand let alone walk,” Cas aimed for soothing, “and you need a Drop. You’ve been fighting it since you got here.  We’re going to do it now so walking is out anyway.”
The small inflatable 'balloon' style plug snugly fit on both the inside and outside of Dean's sphincter. It was designed in such a way as to allow the tube to be pushed further inside but not fully removed. The tube slid in easily through a central channel in the plug, but due to a fitting about 2 inches from the end, it couldn't be pulled back completely. In fact, the entire plug was specifically designed to prevent the wearer from removing it without the assistance of another person and the inflation pump could be detached to prevent tampering. Once they'd started Dean on his regular enema schedule, that feature would definitely come in handy.
Cas was again reminded of why he hired Benny. His medical skills were exceptional, but also extremely careful and measured. He made sure to reassure and build rapport with all his patients, a trait Castiel admited. That he and Dean had built such a genuine friendship, was all the more reason to trust him with his precious omega.
"Cas, you don't actually know me," Dean's shaking fingers catch the hem of his shirt and pull it up, showing Castiel the complex web of scars scattered across his torso and the scores of deep cuts, long ago heeled that still circle down, forming ragged patterns along his hips. Almost like a constellation chart, like his body kept a record of his shame." You don't know what I've done, who I really am. If you knew the truth, you'd never promise me that."
Dean leans forward, wrapping his arms around his belly and just breathes. Rough gasping breaths in, and ragged shaky breaths out.
Castiel looked up and seeing that he was awake, quickly placed down the file and walked over to Dean’s bedside.  He looked down at him, his expression full of concerned affection, the worry clear in his eyes.
“Hush,” Benny soothes when Dean goes stiff, “You’ve done this many times before, nothing to be scared of,’
The slick tube draws a wet stripe across Dean’s inner thigh. Each time Dean caught his breath, relaxed even a little, Benny would push it in just that little bit further. He'd check that Dean was still holding tightly to the ball. He was, although his hands were shaking, skin white with the effort, but his expression remained calm and open.  Dean could take it, but only just.
“You know,” Castiel offers, sounding only slightly more sympathetic than Benny, “Once you’re taking a sufficiently large volume at a fast enough rate, you won’t need the continuous pump anymore. We’ll be able to swap to overnight and just three or four half-hour gravity-bag feeds each day instead.”
“It’s okay,” Cas was there, soothing back his sweaty hair with one hand and gripping his other hand tight, “It’s going to be okay. I’m right here.”
“Alright Dean,” Castiel said in his Doctor voice, “As I promised, I’m going to talk you through absolutely everything we’re doing today so there are no surprises. If you have any questions or concerns, let us know.”
Cas nodded, and set to work, prepping the area around Dean's penis, getting the kit ready, sanitizing his skin. Benny meanwhile inserted an IV and gave Dean some pain relief and IV fluids.
Castiel can tell that Dean's thinking it through. Sorting out the logical truth from his own emotional and physical response to it. He's currently physically extremely uncomfortable, and by agreeing, he knows he's going to be responsible for setting himself up for even worse. But he also realises that it's something he's just going to have to accept.
He rubs the inside of Dean’s knee encouragingly, before moving up to press his fingers into the area above his pelvis, where his bladder rests, “Soon we’ll need to start you on a urination schedule. Right now, it’s not a significant concern, as it’s been adequately dilated as a consequence of your urethral constriction. But with that issue now addressed, we’ll need to make sure it retains the current capacity.”
“We’re going to do a basic physical first. Then we’ll move on to your pelvic exam and dilation treatment. First up, I want you to tell me about your body. Just like you did yesterday.”
