“You are so sweet Steve. And smart. With like, knowing common stuff. And hot, you are very hot.” Tony babbles, holding onto his hand.
Tony sighed a little then looked back to Steve. "Yeah... yeah, we can talk about it," he agreed, though every fiber of his being was screaming for him to avoid the topic however he could. //Being a grown-up sucks,// he decided, stuffing another bite of sandwich in his mouth. Years of fixating on projects had taught him to ram his food down as fast as humanly possible, and even when he had time it was hard to remember to eat like a normal person. "Meantime, you are gonna sit in my lap until I'm done for the day, right?"
Clint pointed the neck of his beer bottle at Phil. "They're also never going to believe I'm in a monogamous relationship, especially with Agent Phil Coulson," Clint countered, punctuating his point by taking a swig. "Really, there's a lot of plausible deniability at play, here. It wouldn't be that tough to pull off. Throw in a little shock and awe and I bet we'd keep them confused for the better part of six months. I bet we could even recruit Nat for a little denial and deception. Put all that together, we could probably get away with all kinds of stuff. I'm think around the fifth or sixth date, we could even get naked in the ammo locker and nobody'd believe anyone that happened to accidentally catch us."
"I have no intention of wearing his face whenever you desire it, Mr. Stark. While I prefer that my bedmates enjoy their time as much as I do, that simply isn't reasonable," Loki pointed out, face betraying nothing as he continued to caress Tony's skin idly. "We all need comfort from time to time, and since you may be with me for a good, long while... well, there's no point in being cruel all the time, is there?" With the illusion gone, Loki found himself watching the shifting color of his own skin as much as gazing at Tony's. "I'm not a monster."
Coulson resisted the urge to put a hand on Clint's shoulder. He'd been too free with shows of affection as it was, and the last thing he wanted was to put the man in an awkward position when his life was looking awkward enough already.
Tony moaned softly, squirming underneath Steve's powerful form. It was a definite turn-on to know that Steve could have probably broken him in half but chose to be incredibly gentle. Tony met the other man's eyes and felt a slight shiver go through him entirely apart from his arousal. He tried not to think about it, not quite ready to let emotion lead in the encounter, even as he was starting to realize his interest in getting his fellow Avenger into bed had been more than hormonal. "Feels good," he managed, his voice faintly shaky as he shifted against the touch. Managing to regain his wits a little bit, Tony wrapped his fingers around Steve's cock and stroked slowly. "You can gimme more... Please..." It wasn't like him to be so polite in bed, but Tony was painfully aware of his position when it came to who was the strongest of them, and he kind of liked deferring control for once.
Across the table, Natasha smiled. "Let's make it hurt." She hadn't missed the fact that Clint and Phil arrived to the meeting together or the way they kept glancing at one another. Her heart warmed at the sight, but it also worried her. The timing was bad. Loki would use any connections they had. He'd already done it to try and tear the team apart once. "And let's all come back in one piece."
Tony pelted at Loki with his own attacks, though he soon found himself struggling to keep other Brotherhood members from interfering with their tactics. "Third time's a charm, Wolvey, baby."
"Should I call Bruce? He's kind of a doctor." Tony laughed at the poisonous glare he got and ruffled Steve's already mussed, sweat-damp hair. "Well, if you think there's any chance of recovery, I feel like I let you down. I'll have to fuck you harder next time," he decided, propping himself up on one elbow to look at the blonde. "I mean, I'd hate you to feel like you didn't get everything you signed up for."
Much as he would have liked to enjoy a longer session with Clint, Phil was satisfied just to make him feel so good. He felt sure that there would be other chances. Clint was as strung out and needy as he was. Still he kept to the slower pace that Clint had set, determined to draw every last second he could from the encounter. Clint gasping and writhing was definitely a sight he could get used to with no trouble at all. It was a thing of absolute beauty. He gripped Clint by the hips, fingers digging in just enough to remind them both of the reality of the moment.
They said their goodbyes and were led out by Jean. She hesitated when they reached the door. "Tell them... tell Scott and Logan that they're missed."
Tony winced a little as the two virtually attacked each other. It was a visceral sight, and Tony found himself wanting to participate and yet genuinely convinced that doing so might result in serious injury. He settled for the moment for just watching, wondering again how smart it had been to bring Logan into the Avengers or into his bed.
"Don't worry, already planning to kill him. Slowly. Painfully. If Logan's nice, I'll let him help." The bad blood between them was obvious from a million miles away. Everything about Logan screamed "family problems." It was true of most of them, so Steve wasn't bothered. As he spoke, Steve drifted down to kiss Tony's neck, soft, gentle touches of lips to skin. "I'm going to do a whole lot more of this and be a whole lot less gentle about it."
Steve was on his feet in a heartbeat, his cry of alarm swallowed in the swell of shrieks from the crowd. He looked around, trying to spot where the shot might have come from and felt his knees go weak at the sight of a face that shouldn't have been there at all. It was gone as soon as it came, and Steve shook his head before rushing forward, vaulting onto the stage as though it was nothing. A security guard made to stop him only to recognize who Steve was and step aside instead. Two other men were already fighting to clear the heavy chandelier, but Steve hefted it away in seconds.
Fury waited until he stopped to speak again. "You'll both need psych clearance before I can let you out there again." He looked down pointedly at their hands. "You need the time."
"I know they could," Steve agreed, "and that's why I'm not letting you out of my sight." He had no idea which of Tony's enemies - or the Avengers' - might be behind the attack. "Pepper'll make sure they go over the security footage." He even had his phone with him, though Steve still found being attached to a virtual string at all times more than slightly invasive. Tony had picked the thing out, though, and even found an American flag case for it to try to make it more personal, so he carried the phone and tried to keep it charged. Suddenly he felt glad for the habit since it meant Pepper could get in touch with him whenever she found something and vice versa. "We'll find whoever did this. I promise."
Coulson recovered quickly and nodded, offering the woman his hand. "Agent Phil Coulson of SHIELD, and this is Agent Clint Barton. I'm sorry for coming without notice, but the situation we're in is... delicate. Could we speak with you privately?"
"They could, but it would do him no good." There was no real reason to lie since he intended to tell the Avengers what was going on in any case. There wasn't any other way to come through it alive. Unscathed was too lofty a goal to strive for, but he hoped at least to live. "The hammer has bonded to an owner. Had I retrieved it, holding Barton would have served an additional purpose. I would have been obliged to kill him to be able to wield the weapon fully myself. As it is... well, as it is, he and Agent Coulson have been gone for hours. They're probably home by now."
Phil had spent a few minutes on the phone negotiating with Maria Hill to play defense for them. He was too tired to process anything and too wiped out to deal with even the best of intentions from their team. He'd compromised on the full debriefing by typing up a skeleton outline on the computer while he waited in medical and sending that off. Everyone knew what had happened in as much as it related to them, and that would have to be enough for a start. It was rare for Phil to insist on doing something other than working, so Hill had relented without pushing too hard. "I managed to buy us until morning for the full debriefing."
Clint settled on the couch, still rubbing his face with both hands as he thought the question over. "I... uhm... couple... three... nights ago?" he guessed, sighing when Coulson gave him a look. "In my defense, I had a night mission, then I had to have sex with the result, and then I had completely planned on sleeping today - or yesterday, if we've crossed the midnight line - but then Loki happened."
"Right." Coulson gave a nod of acknowledgement to Logan and Scott before falling into step beside Clint. "Is she really okay?" He knew Clint had other things on his mind, but first and foremost was Natasha's health and safety. Before the archer had a chance to answer, Coulson's phone buzzed. He lifted it to his ear and wasn't surprised to hear Fury's terse voice on the other end of the line. "Of course, sir. Yes. He's with me. Of course." Coulson winced as he put the phone away. "Fury wants to see us."
"Bruce has a sense of humor. I can tell. He kind of smirked a little once," Tony said, leaning against Steve. "And you smell like Old Spice and Brylcreem. Which I didn't even know they made anymore."
"Ready," Steve answered even though he was anything but. He felt oddly exposed wearing slacks and a button down and standing next to Tony in his suit. It was also comforting, though, knowing that the man was protected. Tony was as safe as he could be given the situation. "I feel like I should make a side trip to remind Fitz that if the nanobots don't work, I'm still more than capable of breaking his arm. That doesn't seem particularly polite, though." He sighed and half-smiled at Tony. They couldn't afford to be too serious. He couldn't break down crying every time there was silence on the line during the fight. It was time to shut that down until the right time came to process everything. In front of the team, he needed to be strong even if he wasn't their leader for now. He still intended to stand beside Tony for every last second afforded them.
Tony vaguely registered the interaction, noting Logan's renewed proximity and the way Steve's movements became momentarily distracted. The billionaire didn't need enhanced senses to notice the hungry stare Logan gave the blonde. He felt a sharp spike of arousal combined with a tremor of jealousy at the idea of Steve and Logan going at each other. The idea of the feral mutant tearing into the super soldier was a powerful turn on, but Tony couldn't deny a bit of worry that Steve might want someone more on his level in the end. His hands roamed over the Steve's body hungrily, feeling every shift of the finely tuned muscle beneath flawless skin. If this was a one-time deal, he was going to enjoy it to the fullest. That in mind, Tony leaned up and nipped at the blonde's lightly-stubbled throat, licking a trickle of sweat from the skin.
Logan let out a shaky breath. "Could'a sworn there was someone in the room," he growled, sounding more vicious than intended. As his mind cleared, he realized that he was quite thoroughly entangled with the other man. Images of himself burying his face in Scott's neck flashed through Logan's mind, and he clenched his jaw and forced himself to push away from the other man. He wanted Scott in ways he hadn't wanted anyone - at least anyone he could remember - since Jean. //And that might be a little fucked up.// He forcibly extracted himself from Scott and sat up on the edge of his own side of the bed. Rubbing a hand over his face as he got his mind back together, he glanced back at Scott. "Get you anything?"
Clint swallowed hard and nodded, biting his lip as the roughness in Phil's voice. It was exciting to hear the man's level tone tinged with that edge of arousal, and nearly impossible to pry himself away. He managed somehow, though, pushing himself off Phil and forcing himself to his feet. Making a few personal adjustments and willing himself to calm down, he offered Phil a hand up as well. "So... beer and funnel cake and fried Snickers," he said, trying to sound casual with his face still thoroughly flushed.
"Pretty sure I am," Darien answered, breathless and half hard already, "for about the fifth time today. Why break a good streak?" Crazy though it was, he'd made the call already. Clint might kill him. It was a distinct possibility. On the other hand, he was a lot more likely to have some fun first with whatever Clint had in mind than whatever the jackoffs in the warehouse had been thinking. Clint's bruising grip on his jaw did nothing to stop him from wanting another of the almost painfully passionate kisses. "Not gonna stop, right?"
His companion returned at that moment dragging a man behind him. He jerked at the arm of his captive and threw him to the floor in front of Logan. "Kneel," he barked.
Tony had to struggle to breathe for a moment. He wondered exactly how much Loki had 'asked' of Clint. He had a feeling that information and tea would be towards the bottom of the list of requests Loki had in mind. "Well, this is great. All those Christians told me I'd go to hell when I died, and they were right. I hate it when other people are right." The attempt at humor didn't do much to calm him and mostly just betrayed the tremor in his voice. He couldn't quite see Loki's expression, but he could tell the god was getting impatient. Loki was asking for Tony to give up the one part of himself that was the most difficult. Of all the things Tony was, submissive wasn't one of them. "Fine." A deep breath. "Okay. Fine. You use me... h-however you need to, and you let them go."
"I'll get my own room," Scott answered with a sigh. He hated it. He wasn't ready to even pretend to be human again, but he knew that letting himself drift farther away from okay would help nothing. "I'll also go out in the sun eventually. Soon. It's just... I dunno. Anyway, I'd better get dressed. You don't have to play go-between on all this. I can talk to them, whoever their point person is." Maybe he would stay around in the long run, or at least until he had somewhere better to be. Scott knew the urge to help would rise again even if for the moment he felt like curling up in Logan's bed and sleeping until the world had safely passed him by.
The idea was strangely hot, the thought that Steve would want to preserve the moment and with such a degree of effort. That combined with the sight of Steve's gorgeous eyelashes fluttering against his cheeks was enough to make Tony half crazy. He leaned forward to press a kiss to the back of Steve's neck, bracing a hand on the couch. "Think I'd like that," he purred, watching gorgeous pink lips quiver with pleasure. Steve was obviously relishing the moment, and the look of him so turned on was something Tony wanted to memorize in every detail. "Maybe you should draw us both." He punctuated the suggestion by jerking his hips forward, burying himself fully in his lover's tight heat.
Logan had nearly forgotten about the injury he'd inflicted on the other man. It was clean, of course, but it was also pretty deep. Logan had to admit, Tony had done a good job of not letting the injury get to him. //Buuuut I'm gonna get an ass-chewin' for this one...//
"The feeling's mutual on both counts," Steve answered, laughing even as he flopped back onto the carpet in a graceless, comfortable sprawl. They were definitely going to have to clean up later. He was going to need a shower to safely come into contact with any surfaces and have them not need extensive cleaning. But it didn't matter. High on endorphins and Tony, Steve felt damn near blissful for the time being. "I don't think I can walk. I literally don't think my legs would work if I tried right now. It's wonderful."
"Mrrnngnfff." Tony leaned into Steve and clung to the man, mumbling something that might have been interpreted as 'five more minutes,' though it was really anyone's guess. When Steve didn't seem willing to accept that as an answer, Tony finally allowed himself a smile and nuzzled his lover back. "I'll have a shot of whiskey in my coffee. And my oatmeal. And anything else you can sneak it into. Maybe the toast," he added with a yawn.
"That... is hard to picture," Coulson allowed, trying to visualize Ward actually breaking down and failing completely. "I guess it's habit to try not to make anyone else deal with my issues. That's something I'll have to work on." If he and Clint were going to really do it, to be together, he wanted the man to feel comfortable sharing with him, which meant he had to be willing to return the favor. "At the moment, though, this is one of the best mornings I've had in forever, and I really don't want to break down crying in the middle of it. I'd be doing the powers that be a disservice not to appreciate this."
Though his smile faltered at the clasped hands, Fitz agreed, "Sounds good. It would be nice to see the team in a non-emergency situation."
Bruce gave her a wry smile, leaning back long enough for the barista to drop off their beverages before he answered, "Well, when Agent Romanov and a hundred of SHIELD's finest ask you nicely to do a little scientific consulting, you don't say no. And then you apparently stick around for the interstellar war and the camaraderie."
"Um, some," Simmons agreed, still blushing from the kiss. There was something about the idea of Captain America and Iron Man dating that was adorable and uncomfortable all rolled up into one. "We've made... tentative advances. We're hoping to ask Logan down to help us look some things over this afternoon."
"I've found cognitive re-calibration to be rather effective." Natasha smiled at the uncertain look the woman gave her. "We hit him hard. In the head."
"Okay," Coulson agreed, not bothering to point out that he already knew who most of Clint's partners were - at least the regulars - and what their status was too. It was a little invasive and a lot stalkery even in his head. He didn't want to know how it would sound out loud. "If I can trust you with my life, I guess I can trust you to know when buying a box of condoms is appropriate," Coulson allowed. He wasn't sure it was true, but he hoped it was. Hoping to shift the subject, Coulson added, "I wish Stark wasn't down for the count. Now would be a lovely time for him to research the best ways to kill a god. Slowly."
Tony nearly lost his mind when Steve's already tight passage squeezed him as the blonde came. Tony's back arched as he followed his lover into orgasm, his hips slamming forward hard as he let out a raw cry of pleasure. There was no restraint, no reserve to the sound, nothing but unfettered pleasure. After a moment, Tony's muscles unclenched, and he sagged a little on shaking arms, looking down at his lover as sweat trailed down his face. "Jesus... Jesus, that was good..." he panted.
Steve finally managed to get himself under control and shifted until his forehead rested against Tony's. "Okay. You... you're all I want. You always are." He sounded more in control when he added, "I love you, Tony." Gentle hands rose to cup Tony's face, and Steve noted dimly that they looked more or less normal. He didn't care enough to examine the situation further. Tony mattered a hell of a lot more than whether the serum was really kicking in or not. "I'm glad you told me. I can't say I'm... I wish it hadn't ever happened. None of it. I wish we'd just given Clint the damn hammer and let him- but it happened. I'm glad you told me, and I'm glad... I'm so glad that... I'm glad that this is still what you want."
Steve arched an eyebrow at the thought. “Hmm, well, I guess you have had a few years to watch Pepper,” he decided. If Tony couldn’t learn proper worrying technique from her, he was out of luck. Steve tucked into his food with a feeling of warmth suffusing his mind and heart. “I know it’s going to sound a little cheesy, but there’s not a single place I’d rather be than right here with you.”
The smile gave Tony goosebumps. He hadn't thought of something, obviously. "What kind of problems?" He knew that Mjolnir's evil twin had had an ugly effect on Barton, but Tony couldn't imagine it being much of a problem for Thor. He knew there was no real reason for Loki to explain that to him, but Tony was hoping the Asgardian would feel compelled to brag a little, especially to someone who he planned to kill before the Avengers ever got there. "You can bet they'll hand that hammer to your brother, not Barton."
"Yeah. I know you haven't done any sharing yet, but have you thought about it?" she answered smoothly.
"I would be most honored," Sif answered, smiling at the pair of them, the expression almost sly as she watched Scott step in closer. "I leave you to your own merriment, my new friends." She turned and followed Jarvis' polite directions to find Natasha.
"Ooo, nice. Eggs Benedict," Tony muttered, grabbing the plate. He was already somehow looking miraculously like he didn't have a hangover at all. He settled down with his food and the accompanying newspaper. "Hmm... nothing new. Guess Loki hasn't turned up yet."
"He'll be fine." Steve shut the door and heard the comforting click of the lock. "Don't open it. I don't care what he says or what happens, unless his life is in danger, you do not open it."
“You also never would have told me how you feel,” Steve pointed out gently, allowing himself to be drawn back down onto the couch, where he slumped back next to Bucky with a rueful smile. “Times have changed, and it’s not all good. You said I wouldn’t push Tony like this… and maybe I wouldn’t, not the same way, but not for the reason you think. It’s not because I care more about him, it’s because of who you are. We went through some pretty bad things together even before the War. You can help me now. You can help me find out who did this and how to stop them from doing it to anyone else, and I want you to remember because I want you to get better. With this eating you up, hiding underneath everything, do you really think that can happen?”
At the door Steve steeled himself and stepped inside. Natasha gave a quick rundown of the situation through the door to give Steve a chance to catch his breath. "It's fine," Steve assured. "Then you can help Scott."
Apparently Clint was pretty good at hitting on embarrassing questions without even trying. Phil blushed, but he didn't shy away from answering. "I was... five? Six? You won't be surprised to learn that there were Captain America posters all over my room. I very confidently told my mother that when I grew up, I was going to marry him. She was less than thrilled." He shrugged. "So the answer is that I always knew. I like women, I like men. While I generally prefer men, I've actually dated more women. I didn't really come out until after my dad died. It was my senior year of high school."
"Later," Tony said quietly to Bruce before he moved over to look at the presented work. He poked, prodded, turned and twisted the displays. He adjusted a few minor things, tossed out a couple of unnecessary constructions, then nodded, his hand pensively toying with his beard as he looked the readout over. "Impressive," he allowed, looking at Fitz-Simmons. "Alright. You're useful. Good job." He opened his private folder and dumped a portion of one of the files into the stack already on the lab desktop. "This is part of the information on my nanosuit. Make sure that gun is compatible with it. Just in case we can't hand it to Logan." He scrutinized the two young scientists. "If you two can figure out the stuff in that file before the end of tomorrow, I might start to believe Fury didn't lose his mind when he dragged you into all this."
Bruce shook his head. "We might have to ask Thor. I have a feeling Loki won't want to talk about it." He flipped through the video of Loki's appearance in Stuttgart. "Maybe that's it," he pointed out as the images showed Loki using his illusory capabilities. "He can project images of himself. Maybe he can alter his appearance, as well. He can obviously change what he's wearing. Maybe he can hide injuries and whatnot as well. That'd be pretty handy for someone posing as a god. Gods don't bleed."
"Right now, he's not hurting anyone or anything. I'm not going to put a man in a prison cell for what he might do when he’s been asset to the team otherwise."
"I did poke Bruce Banner with a taser once," Tony admitted, looking up to give Loki a faint smirk. He tilted his head. "Aside from the fact that you look like you just got dragged out of the freezer, I'm not seeing a big difference. I mean, you're still being you in all your charming glory. You haven't tried to eat my eyeballs or anything uncharacteristically horrible. Most of the horrible things you've done so far have been par for the course."
"It won't last long, Cap. Better grab him and get him to lockup," he said, squeezing a series of buttons on his bow's riser to load up another acid round.
Clint nodded, quirking a faint smile at the grim humor. He drew away from the woman, realizing he was probably being a little too emotional for her comfort. "Alright, yeah. Any chance to put Stark in a headlock."
"Don't forget lunch. Pretty sure I got permission to touch at lunch, too," the archer reminded his handler, reaching up to lightly trace Phil's jaw with his thumb. He leaned in to gently brush their lips together, then let his hand slide down Phil's neck, over his chest. Callused fingers pushed between the buttons of Phil's shirt, and he casually popped one open to get his hand directly on skin. "This is nice," Clint murmured, watching Phil's face.
The gentle words served to calm Logan a bit. He distinctly recalled Scott's mention of being a virgin still. //Gonna need to be gentle,// he reminded himself. He lightly nipped at Scott's neck, then stepped back. The bit of space gave the feral mutant a moment to clear his head and sink backo reality. And to tease Scott a little. Logan casually kicked off his boots as he walked slowly to the bed. Settling on its edge, he braced his hands on either side of himself and leaned forward a bit, giving Scott an amused grin. Logan knew how eager they both were. Teasing was mean, but Scott did look damn good when he was feeling needy. "You comin' over here, or what?" he asked, trying to sound casual even as a bulge was starting to form in his jeans.
"I promise a minimum of groping with a caveat that I'm allowed to cop a feel or two," Phil agreed mildly. Their cups were more or less empty, and the evening had faded into darkness while they sat in peace. "Come on, let's get going. I get the impression that we'll be lucky if tomorrow night is as calm as this one." He didn't bother letting go of Clint's hand because walking while holding onto Clint was fast becoming one of his favorite things.
"Well, Clint got me an iPod," Steve offered. The thing had been the bane of his existence for a few days, but once he got used to it, having a strange variety of music at his disposal had been kind of nice. "The Beatles, Abba, Black Sabbath, uh... lots of things. So I'm getting better with that. Maybe movies or television?" Natasha had surprised him one day with a pile of DVDs featuring movies that he'd seen once upon a time in the theater and then spent the better part of an hour patiently explaining the system to him. He'd been so touched by the unexpected gesture that he'd come dangerously close to hugging the woman. Thankfully he'd thought better of it and simply thanked her effusively instead.
Logan gave Scott a confident smirk. "Glad t' help," he answered, leaning into Scott's touch a little, his eyes a few shades darker than they had been before. His own pulse was thrumming with the way Scott looked, the way he panted. He touched his lips to Scott's, chastely at first, kissing only briefly before he leaned in again and again, each kiss lingering a little longer and getting a little more intimate. "Tough for me to keep my hands to myself," he murmured against Scott's mouth between kisses. "Kinda just wanna bend you over this bench, decency be damned." He wouldn't, of course, but it didn't mean he didn't have the urge.
Scott turned to see his visitor and found himself alone in the room once again. "What the hell?" //Loki.// A moment later he was rushing down the hall to find Nick Fury.
Thor nodded, glancing at Sif. "That seems a wise plan, Lady Widow." His expression seemed to brighten a little as a thought occurred to him. "We should have a feast tonight! Meat and mead to lift our spirits and fortify us for battle!"
The words were hard to hear but kindly meant. The sooner Steve accepted the reality of the situation, the better off he would be. He swallowed and nodded. "It doesn't matter who took him. He was taken. He's with Hydra, and he's not safe. I promised that I would take care of him and-"
Steve closed his eyes and allowed himself a moment to passively relish the heat of Tony's mouth before shifting, grabbing Tony and using his strength to pin the other man flat against the seat. It was awkward, two grown men attempting to lie down in the back seat of even Tony's luxury vehicle, but the extra friction was worth it. Steve nipped at the man's earlobe and then licked at the spot gently. "How do you want to do things tonight?" They hadn't been alone for their first time together, and Steve hated to assume too much. He'd never felt the need to lock himself in to one position or preference, and Tony seemed similarly flexible - which meant both that they could do anything at all and that there was an almost overwhelming array of possibilities on the table.
"You gonna sleep with it too? Because my bed is big, but I'm thinking that thing might be a little much for the box springs to handle." Phil didn't like the look in Clint's eyes, all glowing aside. "Okay, you take it up so we can get the readings," he agreed. Thor's look on the jet had been clear. If they had to wait for Loki to separate Clint front the weapon, then they would. Noting that Clint was still standing a few feet away and staring at him like he might lunge forward and take it, he assured, "I know I can't handle it. I saw what happened to Logan and to Stark, and I'm not either one of them. One death was fine. Let's get to the lab."
"You're right, we don't know. That doesn't mean we can't believe," Coulson answered mildly. Tony needed to lash out. It was easy to see how furious he was - mostly with himself - and the least Coulson could offer was a target. He honestly didn't mind. On edge as he was, he understood completely. He'd snapped at more than a few junior agents when Clint or Natasha were in danger. It helped in a strange sort of a way. Few people took it personally.
"Might, actually," Logan returned with a brief smirk. He leaned in for another kiss, drawing back to relish the chance to look into Scott's bright blue eyes. One of his hands roamed down Scott's chest and cupped the bulge in Scott's jeans, stroking over it slowly, fingers tracing the outline of the man's swelling shaft. //Nice...// He used his other hand to grip Scott's hip so he could thrust his own burgeoning arousal against the other man. His mind briefly conjured an image of him bending Scott over the bed and fucking him into the mattress. //No. Take this slow,// he reminded himself, surprised momentarily by the vivid, almost violent nature of the image. It was impossible to dwell on it, though, as Scott's scent and touches kept Logan grounded firmly in the moment.
Scott watched the man fidget nervously and smirked. The aspirin and coffee were doing their work. He felt half human despite the dull aching throb in his head. "You don't have to freak out. I want to give it a shot. The kissing's good. The rest might suck. I'm willing to do this on a guaranteed return on investment kind of a thing, which basically means I don't think we should freak out however this goes." Scott wasn't sure how capable he was of ignoring any feelings that came up with it all, but he also didn't want to go from one incredibly serious relationship to another just for the sake of not being alone. He was willing, for once, to see how things developed.
Scott could feel the restrained passion flowing off of Logan. The man was drawn tight like an arrow waiting to be released. The thought was both thrilling and intimidating. He knew he couldn't let Logan off the leash yet. He wasn't ready. Hands unused to passivity never stopped running over Logan's back or threading into the man's hair. Scott was having trouble with restraint himself. "Slow like this for... god, just for a little bit." Scott breathed unsteadily in and out. His body ached for Logan to drive into him, but common sense still ruled somewhat. He couldn't shake the habit after so long. "When I tell you... when I tell you, then you can stop holding back."
After a brief hesitation, the figure on the floor stirred until he was more or less obeying the order. Stripped except for a pair of white briefs that had seen better days, the man was dirty, bruised, and looked exhausted even with his eyes covered. The larger man jerked away the rough burlap tied around his head, and Scott blinked at the floor for a few moments before it came into focus. It was still strange to him seeing everything in its proper color. Nothing was red. The dirty floor just looked dirty. He almost missed it. After having been paraded out for a half dozen similar "clients" in the - days? weeks? - leading up to that moment, Scott kept his gaze down. He had learned just how little the men liked it when he was mouthy or disrespectful, and after only barely making it through the lashing he'd received the night before for trying to get them to leave the girl in the next cell alone, he wasn't up for a fight. Scott could barely stay awake, and the lines of red across his back burned every time he moved the wrong way.
Clint smiled grimly even though he knew Phil wouldn't see it with his head pressed to the man's shoulder. He held onto his lover tight, trying to give comfort as much as take it. Years of experience had taught his mind and body to take sleep where they could, and the archer soon managed to drift off.
Logan sobered a little, taking a deep breath. He quietly ran his hands over Scott's arms as if to ground himself in the moment. "I've lost a lot o' people," he said quietly, looking into his lover's eyes. He pulled Scott close, more for his own comfort this time. "It hurts. But you get used to it."
It was easy to feel the carefully restrained strength in Loki's form. While the god was probably no physical match for the likes of his brother, against a mere mortal such as Tony, he was formidable. At least as strong as Steve. Fingers trembling from either arousal or nerves - Tony still wasn't sure which - trailed up under Loki's shirt, and he was pleased to find defined yet lean muscle underneath. His hands slid up to trail over the tops of Loki's hips, resting there as their tongues dueled. The god was incredibly skilled at kissing, his tongue stroking against Tony's in ways that made him tingle in all the right places. It was easy getting lost in the sensations, and Tony found himself humming his pleasure against the god's lips.
"C'mon. Before we all lose patience and strip down naked. I think the good Director might have some bones to pick if I 'defile' his car again," Tony said with a faint smirk.
Steve started. He wondered how anyone could have come in without him even noticing, but it was Pepper. She was used to the suite and used to coming in and out as necessary. Normally it was to steal some bit of paperwork Tony had been supposed to sign a month before. "Hi," he managed in a strangled whisper. He hadn't really stopped crying. He'd managed to keep it together until everyone was back at the Tower, and then he'd fallen apart. Steve wasn't proud of it, though he was proud of how long he'd managed to keep from doing it. Sedation had calmed him, but it hadn't done anything to stop the tears. It hadn't kept him from struggling free of his own cold, lonely bed and following the siren call of Tony's. At least he felt close to the man there.
Visibly drawing back at Natasha’s suggestion, Tony’s first reaction was to say no. Steve was the last person on earth he wanted to see. How could he face him? How could he explain what had happened? Before Tony could stop himself, he was nodding slowly and murmuring, “Yes, could you bring him in?” He winced, unable to take it back. This was an enormous mistake and he knew deep down he wasn’t ready to see Steve.
"More or less, yes." Natasha's lips quirked up at the comparison. "Except fewer people usually die in those stories."
"I like that idea," Phil agreed with a smile. It was nice to know that the day had meant something to Clint too, that he hadn't been making up the personal connectivity in his head. When they pulled into the parking lot, he scoped the place out and felt relieved to see at least some mix of ages. Most of the crowd looked to be in their late 20s and 30s, but at least he felt satisfied that he wouldn't look like a creepy old man next to the others. "Looks nice."
"Nothin' smart to say?" Victor hissed in Phil's ear, tugging his shirt open and sending buttons flying. "Don't feel like telling your fucktoy that he's gonna be okay? Or maybe that you'll be fine?" He laughed quietly, nipping roughly at Phil's neck. "Wonder what kinda sounds you'll make when I fuck you."
//To be fair, my dear, I wouldn't expect him to.// The fact that no one had yet seen Erik was troubling. He could be working with Loki, or he could be somehow in the man's thrall. Through everything, the idea of him being taken from even himself was troubling. It struck at Xavier's core, and he reluctantly allowed, "I will share partial files. What I believe you need. If any of the X-Men want to assist you with future missions, they will have that opportunity. Jean and I will speak with the team. If anyone agrees to join you for the excursion, I will contact you immediately. Is that acceptable, Agent Coulson?"
“Time will tell how much of it you need now. It’s going to take SHIELD a long time to sort through what’s been done to you from a genetic standpoint. The main thing now is to make sure that you’re comfortable.” Coulson rose from the seat and promised, “I’ll find a doctor and make sure we get something that will knock you out - hopefully with a little less kickback than what I gave you earlier.” He shared a rueful smile with the man on the bed before slipping away. Barnes had enough problems without adding insomnia to the mix, and Coulson had been around long enough that he didn’t take an isolated attack from someone who’d been mind controlled particularly personally. He arrived with a syringe and a smile. “Say the word, and you should be getting at least a solid eight hours.”
"Let's say it's the latter for the moment," Loki answered. Clever as he was, he had yet to find an exit strategy on the horizon that would let him get out cleanly. "Has your life turned out the way you pictured it, Mr. Stark? Everything in place? Before the dying, of course. I would assume that wasn't part of the plan." He sounded genuinely amused as he retrieved his pants and pulled them up enough to be considered decent again. The lines of blue beneath Loki's skin were becoming more prominent, the whole of his body suffused with a cool undertone. It was ghoulish at best. "I don't even have the luxury of knowing what the plan for me would have been had my birth family wanted me to start with."
"You know, I really like the way you think sometimes," Phil answered with an easy smile. He finished off the last of the Snickers and held his hands up. "Okay, I'm going to regret this already. If I have another bite or two, I'm going to regret it for more than one day." Considering they could be called in at any minute, Phil knew they had to keep at least some boundaries in place for their own safety and sanity. The hard wooden bench was intensely uncomfortable. It also happened to be perfect when it meant sitting next to Clint. He rested his chin on one palm and enjoyed the serenity of watching.
Tony was busy answering Steve's question, though. "Once in awhile. When I want something different." He ordered another drink for himself from Danny, giving the bartender a wink when Danny did a little flirting of his own. "Found it when I got lost, actually. Or was that when I got drunk?"
Steve's chest rose and fell as he let Tony explore. Terrified as it made him, he didn't try to stop the man. It wouldn't be fair to. If he wanted Tony to have any chance at acceptance, then first he had to be able to get to know what he was accepting. "I just want to go home." Anymore, home was where Tony was. Home was going to bed by Tony's side and feeling his lover's heart beating against his ear. //And that doesn't have to change,// Steve reminded himself as he tried to take a full breath. It was easier than it had been the day before. He gestured to the nightstand. "They gave me an inhaler. Lots of meds. Probably stuff I would've been on a long time ago if I'd had the money to go to the doctor for any of it and, well, all of it had existed. I really want to get the hell out of this room."
“It could be what you went through with Hydra,” Coulson allowed, “or it could be that you have enough sense to know ending up in medical is rarely a good thing.” He hated the place himself. Every time one of his assets ended up there with something broken or torn or bleeding, he hated it a little more. “I meant it when I promised Captain Rogers I’d get you out of here as soon as possible. In the meantime, so far you don’t seem to have that altered a metabolism, which means that if you’d like something to help you sleep, that won’t be a problem.”
Steve nodded and let go. He let every inch of the desperate heat he felt unfurl. He held tightly to Tony and let himself believe that he was really holding his lover and that Tony wouldn't disappear again when he opened his eyes. This time it wasn't an ephemeral dream, it was solid, messy, tired-looking reality that was so much better he almost couldn't stand it. "I dreamed about you," Steve murmured breathlessly as they moved. "I hated waking up because you wouldn't be there." The movement of his hips faltered for a second and then resumed, the tension building quickly to a fever pitch. It wouldn't take long. "Gonna wake up to you every day from now on."
He can’t process the data going around, between Mr. Murdock typing at his laptop and Captain Rogers who’s taking ages making food at the stovetop. Not that Tony hasn’t tried to be prepared and gather the information that would come in handy on a day like this, because he had, so many times and in so many ways that thinking about it makes his chest tighten. It’s been all he would be doing every chance he’d get. How many useless escape plans had he made? How many hours had he spent reading through California laws and browsing countless posts on omega forums on the dark web? How many hopes had he crushed when things kept falling through, one after the other, after the other?
Getting Tony out of the government house with this mind-blowingly heartbreaking rule... what in the name of heaven is that supposed to mean?
It’s dreamy, how Steve’s enveloped in Tony’s scent, light-headed and out of breath, when he finally points to his lips, and it kinda hurts because Tony’s kiss turns heated quickly, but it’s nice, it’s great, it’s actually incredible, how they wrap around each other, how Tony whispers things that are most probably endearing insults, how Tony’s tongue makes Steve part his lips, how they drink each other, and it tastes better, thousands of times, than any french dessert wine.
Steve shakes his head too. “No you are not,” and he smiles, not a fake one for a change, “There is nothing reckless about you, not when other people are concerned anyway. You’ve lost around two and a half billion dollars in the past three days, trying to help people. I've heard you say ‘my own trust’ or ‘my shares’ or ‘my fucking money’ too many times already. Oh, and ‘you don’t get a say when it’s not SI’s money’ too, even more.”
“I’m sorry sweetheart, I should’ve told you earlier, but we got busy with… well, everything.” Tony swallows and takes a deep breath. “It’s not something you expect to hear from a guy you hooked up and happened to end up self-isolating with. That he is, you know, the Tin Man.”
“Put me down, you son of a bitch,” Tony says from between his teeth, and Steve regrets taking his fingers out of Tony’s mouth all of a sudden.
that cost an arm an a leg, definitely, which someone has to pay for at some stage; it’s just that the person can’t be Tony by any means, as his arms and legs are completely useless and he has exactly zero cents in the pockets of his beige bloody pants, crumpled on top of his bloody jacket by the foot of the bed, in the bedroom upstairs.
What he does care about is holding Tony in his arms and kissing him soft and slow, but Tony is not here.
Steve blinks to push away the fog that seems to have suddenly filled the bar and watches Tony’s cheeks go cherry red and then lose color completely. He can tell from the way his own heart is pounding and the blood is rushing away from his head, that something has gone horribly wrong, but his brain can’t process events at the normal speed and it’s too many seconds too late when it starts to catch up.
at all, but he is simply speechless. He is lost in the concepts he can’t name and the code he can’t decipher, and his heart is beating too fast or too slow; it might stop beating either way.
“What do you want, Steve?” Tony whispers between the kisses, “I’m gonna take care of you. Whatever it is that you want, sweetheart. Just tell me.”
Steve smiles at Tony and shakes his head fondly. “Are you sure these questions are random? Cause I see some patterns there, Mr. Stark.” And he kisses Tony’s cheek back. “The one that wears an apron I guess?” and he laughs, folding his arms over his chest, throwing his head back and Tony is kinda sick of his own sappiness but he feels he is about to burst into a million happy bubbles.
“I would normally prescribe pain medication but I’m thinking you won’t really need those. I have to get to another patient now, so one of the nurses will come to check on you shortly. Did you want any help with your clothes?”
He can’t help the long exhale, or the buzz of happiness that spreads from his chest to the tips of his toes and makes him jump to his feet. “There is no impression to fix, and no such thing as an easy omega,” he says as he steps forward, and watches Tony’s eyes light up, reflecting the way his own eyes must be shining right now, “and I’d love to take you out, every night, but definitely on a date, um, next Saturday?”
Tony spins the stripping wheel, still breathless and lightheaded, and he happens to have to take an item of Steve’s clothing off, slowly. He makes Steve sit down, and takes his time to take his shoes off because
“Nothing to bother you with, really,” he replies in the middle of kisses, “I’m just admiring something here, if you don’t mind.”
They step onto the balcony, Steve’s heart beating so violently that he wonders if Tony can hear it. Tony holds on to Steve’s hands, explaining yet another time, that the exterior heater will keep Steve warm at higher altitudes, and the automatic harness mechanism will catch him in the rare case of the arms malfunctioning, like Steve would ever worry that Tony might drop him in the middle of the ocean. He does his best to focus on Tony’s instructions, reminding himself that the fate of the world is in their hands, but he’s about to fly with Iron Man, for God’s sake, and he gets to be slightly, or completely, distracted.
Knowing that, however, doesn’t stop Tony from picturing Ty at the threshold of this floor of Captain Rogers's house, all smiles and charming, assuring everyone in the room that
Steve’s head sways and his body drifts like he’s floating down a lazy river on a summer afternoon. Minutes, hours, a century of peaceful bliss, lying in Tony’s arms, as he kisses Steve’s jaw and pets his hair, and holds him close, all the way through it.
tomorrow covered in dust and sweat and smelling like disinfectant, Tony thought with pain, no one would smile like a little ruffled angel, no shirts stuck to pale, flat chests when the rain was pouring, no one shivering while standing close to the furnace that Tony had turned up just before Steve arrived home.
“Your turn, celebrity banger,” Steve says, but he keeps his palm on Tony’s chest a moment longer, staring into his eyes, and something warm spills from his hand onto Tony’s heart and spreads all the way down to his toes.
Tony finally stops browsing the channels when he gets to The Daily Social Distancing Show. Steve laughs at Trevor Noah’s remark about the president not being a billionaire due to not knowing how numbers work, because he understands the reference, and a few knots untie in his stomach as Tony puts an arm around his shoulders. Tony kisses the side of Steve’s face as the president shows up on the screen and starts to tease Steve about having a crush on the guy all over again. Steve kisses the side of Tony's face, his lips prickling as they brush over the goatee, and smiles. Tony is trusting Steve with billions of dollars worth of secrets, for whatever reason that’s fully beyond Steve, and Steve can trust Tony with this one thing in return, which is not devastating or classified anyway.
Steve’s other hand trails down the side of Tony’s face, finds his tie and works it loose. He unbuttons Tony’s shirt, one by one, and takes the tie off, all with one hand. The other hand is keeping steady at Tony’s throat, pressing so lightly that it’s barely there, but it’s present and it’s intensely overwhelming.
Tony is already on the phone when Steve sits down to have breakfast and is yelling at someone about releasing some funds when Steve cleans his dish in the kitchen. He tries to talk to Tony when his essential items arrive, but Tony is having a shouting match with a group of foul-mouthed people about repurposing some facility in upstate New York as a quarantine station. Steve brings everything in without bothering Tony, all four giant boxes, two suitcases, and seven small bags, and stacks them neatly in the foyer area.
Tony hisses under the slight pressure of water and closes his eyes to let the sudden wave of nausea settle as blood from who knows where taints the water running under his feet. There is no modesty, no shame, not even a shred of dignity. There is push and pull of pain instead, and tears that are getting washed down the drain so they can both pretend they don’t exist.
Steve smiles back. “I just want people to know that you can hold Captain America down, and touch him, whenever and wherever you want.”
can pretend to be Iron Man.” Tony chuckles, mostly breezy and carefree, and Steve’s too busy with the flood of emotions that he almost misses the dark edge of his tone. He smiles too and the idea of Tony being jealous of Iron Man feels like bubbles and stars inside his belly.
Tony almost cries out when Steve’s lips touch his neck. It feels like it’s the first time someone’s ever kissed that line in the middle of Tony’s throat, and the way Steve’s lips are so gentle, yet unbelievably firm, make it so damn difficult to not move, to not touch, to not burst into tears.
Clint nods and smiles at Tony again. He opens his arms and brushes both hands on Nat’s sides before putting them into his pocket. Nat turns her head and her face twitches into a smile. They look at each other for a fraction of a second before they both look back and Tony sees something there that looks a lot like a sparkle.
“I think I should talk to Mr. O’Connell," Steve said quietly over the wind, “and tell him that I will be leaving soon. He believes I would stick around for a good few months while you are overseeing the installation of the disappearing gun in the fort.” Steve was looking at something high up in the sky and Tony was aching to watch the reflection of the light in his eyes. “I have to say goodbye to Emily and Robert in Quarantine Building 2, and gosh, a ship just arrived an hour ago, so I should go help with the second-class passengers. The number of passengers sick with the flu has fallen a lot in the past month but the full procedures of quarantine, disinfection of luggage, and bathing are to be followed fully nevertheless. I will come back to the barracks later in the evening. I… should…”
Tony wonders if there would be a speech, or questions, or even some compassionate and motivating words. He even contemplates telling Captain Rogers that he is not in the mood for talking or listening right now, but he is not up for pissing another alpha off; not tonight anyway.
They talk about unimportant stuff, from baseball to world peace. Steve does his best to keep up with the unlimited string of words and funniest jokes in human history, but he fails mostly. He constantly catches himself with an open mouth, holding his fifth and sixth beer halfway in the air and nodding like a stupid goofball. It’s not like he can’t talk about basketball or memes; he finished a 300-page book about Gen Z and meme culture, thank you very much. But this guy… is just impossible. Every single word out of his mouth is pure genius, and the scent he spreads as he moves is just intoxicating.
He breathes again, blinks a few more times and then turns back to his other side. An alpha has his hands wrapped around the red-haired omega, so they must be Nat, as Captain Rogers called the girl on the phone and Clive…, no Clint, because he asked the girl, Nat, about this guy before he asked about Bruce and… Sam. Tony looks around the room and, well, another alpha is standing next to Captain Rogers. He whispers something, Captain Roger nods and then this other alpha, Sam, looks down at Tony and smiles.
Tony can’t open his eyes. He can hear someone calling him and he wants to reply but he doesn’t have a voice. He goes in and out of darkness, as if he falls asleep and wakes up but he is somehow still asleep. He might be hallucinating but gentle words are whispered into his ear as he is held tight and wrapped in bergamot scent. He can’t quite grasp the meaning of the words but they make him feel a little less terrified.
"No, I don't mind," Bucky answered, unable to hide the dark cloud brewing above his head. The truth of the matter was that he needed a distraction, someone to keep him company and to prevent him from doing anything stupid. He loathed being helpless and unable to be with Steve, and that had led him to a series of dark thoughts he'd rather forget about. "Steve says he's gonna put in a good word for me," Bucky made an attempt at small talk. "Spring me outta here."
It wasn't until they got in that Phil registered who was at the helm. He offered the woman a faint smile. "Agent May."
"So long as it's not your own, I think you're fine," Tony quipped, the overhead lights illuminating his bedroom the moment he stepped inside. He quickly threw open the closet doors and began selecting something more comfortable for Steve. "This might just fit you," he decided, offering Steve a black T-shirt and a pair of sweat pants. Tony handed over the articles of clothing, giving the other man what seemed like a careful examination. "With all those muscles you might stretch them out," he decided, "so if you want to keep these, you're welcome to them."
Bruce genuinely laughed, and it felt good. When he realized it might seem a little weird, he gave Jemma's arm a gentle squeeze. "I'm not laughing at you. I'm just... I guess it just feels good to see someone so enthusiastic about something so simple. Not that I don't appreciate your mad scientist moments, too," he added with a grin. "If they do bring Loki back alive, I think I'm going to want to see you scare him into thinking he's the next 'Alien Autopsy' star."
Coulson hesitated but finally met Clint's gaze. "We need him alive. For now. Logan, can you watch that?" He nodded toward Creed. Death or no death, he was frankly more eager to see Creed suffer than Loki. Some things, it turned out, were actually more personally than attempted murder.
The entire cast and crew break out into whisperings of confusion, not only had a Maria been cast, but Pepper and Tony had been practicing together for weeks now.
He stands up, prepared to call out the other man’s name before he realizes he never asked Steve what his friend’s name was. He was so, so dumb.
“Don’t tell anyone this, but she drunkenly dared me to try on a pair of her heels one time, I looked flawless but fell on my ass like ten times.” Tony says with a laugh as he takes off his jacket.
“Taking my shoes off, these things hurt after a while. I have no idea how women wear heels all night.” Tony says as he finally gets his shoe off and throws it on the floor.
“Tony! Get out of my bed.” He says, glad the room is dark so the other man can’t see his blush. He had imagined Tony in his bed many times, but definitely never as a drunken accident.
“I- I thought you were just being friendly!” He blurts out, wondering how he could have missed this. He can’t stop the smile breaking out on his face.
“It is forever sealed in my memory. And Natasha’s phone.” He says, spilling milk on his chin as he tries to each another bit of Fruit Loops.
“Of course. That is… probably more polite than what I would have done.” He admits, remembering how he’d dealt with similar issues in the past.
“In my defense, that program is stupidly overpriced and art school is already taking all of my money.” The other man states.
“Tony, your bed is literally one floor up!” He says, having to hold onto the blankets at Tony tries to steal them and cocoon himself in them.
“It really does.” Tony says, finally looking him in the eyes. He looks so sad and broken, it makes Steve forget his own pain for a moment.
“Tell your friend I think he’s crazy. And I’ll be there.” He responds, his face breaking out into a wide smile.
“Should I tell him?” He asks, wondering how in a two minute conversation he went from thinking he was homophobic to wanting to declare his love for another man.
“I mean, I almost feel bad making this.” He says, shaking his head slightly. If someone knew what these flowers meant, they would probably rethink this bouquet.
“I just… it sucks not being with the person you want to be with.” Tony says, pulling up his goggles to briefly look at the metal.
“Ha, I think I would have won with some of them. Anyway, if you’re free-“ Tony begins before the bell jingles and his friend Bucky busts through.
“I said what I said Zemo, we hardly need a round two of your audition. Now, as you know, West Side Story, is a classic. A musical that has lasted the generations, spoken to the masses. That we are going to be groundbreaking in giving a new twist. Instead of Tony and Maria, it will be featuring Tony and Marco.” She said triumphantly, clasping her hands together in joy.
“You don’t need to apologize. I get it. I should have told you that I was Tony Stark. Of Stark Industries.” He says, hoping this doesn’t change things.
“So your computer is good to go, tell your friend I’ll see him soon.” He says, signing out of Steve’s laptop.
“Problem? Already? Weren’t you just cast?” Tony says with a laugh, holding a couple fo scripts in his hand.
“No, no, you probably don’t remember but I was walking past Nobu one night and you came outside, well more fell outside you were pretty wasted and I kind of caught you and then you started petting my hair and said I looked like Captain America. Then your driver came and we managed to get you into your car safely. I didn’t even have time to mention though that your pants were ripped in that back.” Steve says, trying not to laugh as he tells the story.
He cringes inside, hoping this doesn’t implode or turn awkward immediately. The second people usually knew who he was, they tended to treat him like a billionaire, playboy, genius and not just him, Tony Stark.
“Steve… how do you feel when you and Tony are hanging out? Just the two of you?” Sam asks, leaning in closer to him.
“So you only get this feeling when you see someone being affectionate with Tony? Just Tony?” Sam asks with a puzzled look on his face.
“Well at least he’s paying in full, otherwise I don’t know if I could make myself do this. It’ll be ready by tomorrow.”
“C’mon, did I tell you about how I had a Captain America costume as a kid? How I once puked into a robot I was working on? Until what age I had a night light?” He asks, clearly thinking this is some big game.
“I… I don’t know what it is, but every time he’s around, I just get this feeling.” He says, even thinking about it makes his stomach clench up.
“Yes, I want all of that, I want to do all of that with you. I like you Tony Stark, a lot lot.” He says, his hands encircling the other man’s waist.
“Ooh taking me to bed already? Here I thought you’d be the type to buy me dinner first.” Tony says, leaning in closer. He can smell the scotch on his breath and the cologne on his skin, an intoxicating combination.
Why the hell would he accept a date with someone he didn’t know? Who didn’t know him? Had the boredom of IT driven him insane?
“Steve. You’re nervous. And rambling like crazy, which is a little adorable I’ll give you that, but you need to take a deep breath. And believe me when I say you can do this. I promise I wouldn’t let you go on that stage if I didn’t think that. Partially because it would also embarrass the shit out of me.” Tony says with a smirk, his honey brown eyes surprisingly kind.
“Oh.” Tony says, looking around as though he’s just noticing for the first time. He sees Tony take in the decor and bedding that is far more casual than he would ever choose for himself.
“How could I not? I would describe exactly what I think is hot about him but that is not this kind of phone line.” He says, finally figuring out the errors on the computer.
“Oh, well it looks like you’re busy then. Thank you for the flowers.” Tony says quickly, grabbing the flowers from where they lay on the counter and quickly turning to leave.
He feels his throat tighten and has to focus not to crush the pop-tart in his hand. His mind is racing a million miles a minute, but all thoughts lead back to the fact that Tony didn’t remember his confession from the night before.
He looks shocked at being called out for all of too seconds before his face changes into his trademark smirk, “I can try my best, but I can’t make any promises.”
“A hot, studious artist, be still my beating heart.” He says, wondering if he’s going too far with all of this.
“Just like it’s easier to tell someone you like him than pull his metaphorical pig tails for 8 months?” He retorts, ducking out of the way of a smack that Bucky aims at him.
“Yeah, I have for a while. And I’ve tried everything I can think of to let them know I’m interested and at this point, I think I can conclude they don’t feel the same way.” Tony says, his expression tight.
He feels his stomach twist as he thinks about what he’s doing there. After much pining and lusting and crushing on the other man, he was finally steeling his nerves and planning to ask out the other man.
“Steve… I need you to listen to what I have to say very, very carefully.” Sam says, leaning in and looking at him with a serious expression.
“Or maybe, the person ordering them isn’t the world’s biggest flower nerd and doesn’t care about the meanings, and just likes pretty things.” She says with a delicate eye roll.
“Go upstairs and sleep in your own bed Tony!” He says, even though he can feel his resolve crumbling.
“Good to meet you Tony. My friend will meet you at the Starbucks by the NYU campus tomorrow, say 3 o’clock?” The other man asks with a hint of nervousness in his voice.
“Yeah… yeah it does. I didn’t know that you had your eyes on anyone.” He says, swallowing the lump in his throat. He has to admit, he didn’t see this coming.
“Yes, yes, I know this comes to a shock to all of you, but sadly Ms.Potts, the only candidate for a female Maria had to take leave suddenly. Her grandmother in France has taken ill and she and her family flew out to be with her. Since I refuse to listen to “I Feel Pretty” be butchered to death, we will now be having an impromptu audition for all the gentleman here. On your feet boys, this is your big chance!” Ms.Dale bellowed dramatically.
“You’ll have to ask Natasha about that, she has more experience than I do.” He says with a chuckle, still wondering what the hell Tony was doing in his room at 4 in the morning.
“So we only have a week to work through this, its going to be quite the battle so I hope you’re ready. Luckily Mr.Stark is nearly show ready so we can focus our efforts on you. Do you happen to know any of the other songs in the show?” She asks, picking out a leather jacket and nearly throwing it at him.
“Nothing, you just said all that stuff about me being hot and then went to bed!” He says, trying to put as much space as possible between him and Tony.
He gently pulls an arm away, and feels Tony’s wrap his hand tighter around his wrist. He hears the other man stir and make a little groan, a sound that goes directly to his crotch.
“Steve, Steve, calm down, I’m just joking. And if I didn’t have this hangover I would be much more excited about it.” Tony says gently, turning around so they’re face to face.
