, he can do. She shrugs, almost bored. Dean’s pretty sure it’s an act. “I’ve got some money saved, or whatever, but Jody’s always too busy to take me out looking.”
“Oh, so it’s alright when you do it?” growls Dean, and gestures at the general mind-fuckery of the Empty, the everlasting emptiness Cas had resigned himself to. “What do you call this, if it’s not ‘self-sacrificial’?”
“Yes,” says Jack. “There isn’t much tying this place together, anymore. It’s just me. And I’m only three, Dean. I’m not very good at it.”
Sam snorts. It’s a miracle, Dean thinks, that he didn’t know Cas was in love with him until last month. The guy has all the subtlety of an oncoming train. He feels his cheeks heat up, and it isn’t helped by the fact that this is getting
Cas squeezes his waist and finally peels himself away, only for Dean to spin around against the workbench, hands hooking in Cas’ belt loops so he can’t actually get very far. All this talking’s getting in Dean’s head, so he does what he’s good at, and uses Cas’ mouth to shut himself up.
“Yes,” says Cas, but with a smile that says he doesn’t tire of hearing it. His eyes turn fond. “You know, I believe we just exchanged vows.”
“This is fine,” Cas says, and Dean looks away to hide his face, flopping down on his bed and pulling up his phone. He tries his best not to focus on Cas, as he pulls out shirts and then either puts them back or creates a neat pile of stuff he’s keeping on the floor. Dean’s amassed his fair share of flannel, now that he’s got a permanent place for it, so Cas has got plenty to go through. It’s nice. Dean used to live out of a duffel bag; it’s nice to have stuff that surpasses that.
“No,” admits Dean, quietly, more to the wooden panels in the porch than to Bobby. It takes a lot, actually, to get the word out, and he’s glad it’s Bobby who’s around to hear it, rather than Sam or Cas. “Not really. But when’ve I ever had a choice, Bobby?”
Dean opens his mouth to respond to that, but the footsteps hit his ears before he can get the words out, and he falters.
Jack smiles. “Simple,” he says. “I’ll just… let go. These places, they exist through me; if I release them, give up my powers, they’ll just dissolve into energy. As they should.”
He says this as nonchalantly as he possibly can, but, because he and Sam grew up in each other’s back pockets, he notices when Sam pauses for half a second, even though his own eyes are very firmly focused on this packet of beef in his hand, which expires in four days. Sam is very careful when he speaks.
“Cas is right,” says Dean. “I mean, Jesus, what’ve we been fighting for, huh? You remove all the obstacles and you might as well not need free will, it’s not like it’s gonna make a difference. I don’t wanna live in my greatest hits, dude, I wanna do— different stuff. Stuff I haven’t— been able to do, until now.”
Cas had grinned at him, put his hand back on his face. “Stop acting stupid,” he’d said, and so that’s all Dean’s had to go on.
Cas detangles his hand, which is a feat of fucking strength, honestly. “Please stop speaking in references,” he says. “I don’t understand that one, either.”
. It’s just that after his dad died there was suddenly an apocalypse to take care of, and then another one, and then The Darkness and God and there was just always
Anyway, Jack seems to like when Dean asks all sorts of dumb questions, including how the hell Jack knows all of these people online. Someone’s gonna have to do a stranger danger talk, at some point—Jack’s even using his real goddamn name.
it hasn’t always been like this, that there’ve been times when Cas’ self-loathing has given his own a run for its money. Right now, though, Cas is
“Thanks, sweetheart,” he says, and puts it to the side to go in the oven later, trying to clear room on the bench.
He is immensely grateful when no one calls him out for being able to identify this, not even Claire, but the point stands. It’s easily the worst of the four.
Cas shrugs. “But if you could keep the truck over there, and also have it over here, then it would fit inside the Beetle.”
“You,” Cas says, flat. “You are— you’re standing in me, at the moment. I am manipulating our perception of reality in order not to cause irreparable damage to your sight.”
“I think I would like to own a home,” Cas says, eventually, “now that I’m living as a human. I appreciate the bunker, but it’s always belonged to you and Sam, not to me. I’d like Jack to have somewhere stable. And a garden. I would like to tend a garden.”
The waiting room is pretty boring, windows all shuttered up and non-descript, but eventually Cas cools himself off and comes to sit beside Dean with Jack, two new chairs appearing as they do. It’s a pretty neat trick. Cas can’t seem to decide whether to look at Dean or ignore him; his eyes keep drifting this way and then snapping away, which Dean only knows because he’s doing the exact same thing.
“Dean,” Cas says, with an expression that feels like he’s willing it into Dean with everything he’s got, all the power of his one-hundred-yard stare boring into him, “I love you.”
His brow suddenly furrows, and his eyes come back to Dean, who tries valiantly to hold back a wince, keeping his face blank.
“You sure about this one?” he asks, because it turns out he’s a stereotype. He fiddles with his own collar, loosening it around the neck, and at least Cas doesn’t make fun of him for it, although he does roll his eyes. To be fair, Dean’s asked this question like six times already.
And, after Cas brings home strawberries from his farmer’s market and Dean’s feeling all flustered and loved and other embarrassing shit, he bats his eyelashes in this exaggerated way and says, eyes lidded and voice pitched low, “You sure know how to treat a lady, Cas," and Cas kisses him right then and there.
“Cas,” Dean said. His thumb kept doing the thing. “I was pretty different when we met. When you— fell for me.”
, it’s the only option, to hang on to Cas if he stays around long enough to hang on to. That’s closer to need than want, but he can live with that. He’s been living with needs his whole life.
“Relationships are sometimes easier to keep in the unsaid,” explains Cas, to Jack, while Sam has his internal war, eyebrows straining with the effort. “Talking about them requires a kind of— undressing. A reveal of things that are sometimes too raw to expose.”
The talk of rings removes another one of those freaky fucking bricks that are covering whatever they’re covering, and sees Dean, possessed by a sudden random need, ass up in the air as he rummages around the false bottom of the Impala to get to The Box.
“I am,” says Cas. “My grace has been failing for a long time, without my input. My time spent amongst humanity, it’s— changed me. Fundamentally. I’ve straddled the line between human and angel for so long that I’ve become something of an abnormality. Neither human nor holy.”
“Here,” she says, handing it over as Cas puts the rosemary on Dean’s chopping board, and Dean takes the plate, nodding in approval.
In hindsight, this is what does Dean in. He’s forty-one freaking years old, but he hugs Bobby like a little kid.
“Alright, stop that,” says Dean, gesturing at the socks. “Let’s get you your own stuff, come on. We’re going shopping.”
He has to pointedly ignore the pity that crosses Sam’s face, has to squash down his hackles when they threaten to rise. He’s been trying to keep a better handle on his anger, been trying to act more
For someone in Dean’s line of work, he’s embarrassingly not up to date on his bible thumping (although, given God turned out to be a hack, he doesn’t find this particularly stressing), but he knows Vonnegut, so he remembers this one, he thinks. He clears his throat. “Yeah, they— you turned her into a pillar of salt for it, right? The wife.”
, he quite literally will not survive it. Black tar bursts like a geyser at Dean’s feet, and then again, and again, further away. There’s a feeling like the Kraken thrashing in the ocean, and that’s the Empty, and they are so screwed, so
He takes Cas’ wrist to tug him out of the barn, just because. Cas shoots him a look, almost too quick to see, but he lets him.
“Okay,” Sam says, simply. It takes a couple seconds to blink that one away. He shrugs too. “Thanks for telling me, man.”
Then she’s off. Dean really, really hopes Jody’s getting her some therapy, and wonders if maybe they can siphon off some of their fund for it. Although, that said, what kind of therapist is qualified to deal with ‘an angel of the lord murdered my dad and stole his body, and is now kind of my replacement dad but not really’? They’d hardly be making a fortune.
“Nah, it ain’t so bad. Sure beats sittin’ around in a rocking chair all day, drinking the same bottle of beer.”
he promised Jack. If he thinks about it like this, he discovers, he can skirt the freak-out. No choices being made here, just Dean following instructions. He can do that.
“Jack,” he says, voice hoarse and drowning in hope. It’s pretty freaking obvious, but he’s been pretty freaking obvious for days now. If Jack and Sam didn’t know before, they’ve got to have figured it out by now. Dean licks his lips, throws half a glance up to the balcony. “What’d you do?”
Dean clenches his jaw. Then he crouches down beside Cas, and reaches out to pry it from his grip. The fabric’s cold, too cold, and Dean doesn’t believe in energy and shit, not unless there’s some witch mumbo-jumbo behind it, but he takes it and it’s the most stone-cold sober he’s felt in years.
“Of course,” says Cas, but he’s frowning, like he’s trying to parse Dean out. Dean hates it. He drums his fingers on the table, opens his mouth, but Cas gets in first, and says: “You realise I initially only meant—that Jack and I might leave for the night, to be away during the introductions. I didn’t mean permanently.”
It’s odd, to have so many people around that having just the five of them in the room feels like a relief. Nice, but. Odd.
be pulling him along in tandem when he does. He can do this. Unstoppable force meets immoveable object, check.
Dean glances at Cas, his mouth open and totally out of his depth. What the hell does he know, about what’s best for every soul in creation? Cas is looking back at him, eyebrow raised, and Dean thinks, defensively,
“Well, that’s good,” he says, but it doesn’t come out quite light enough, and his knuckles are still white on the wheel, “‘cause I sure ain’t kissing you better.”
, for once, Cas’ wants be damned, and the other half is so fucking weak that Dean would fall to his knees if he asked. Anything to make him stay.
is he doing the Purgatory thing again), and pushes him into the light. It starts to splutter, the ringing gets louder, and the light reaches Cas. Dean has half a second to smile, and then, all of a sudden, it snaps in on itself, and Dean’s back in the bunker once more.
“Hunt gone wrong,” says Dean. “It was these vampire mimes, and I got snagged. Rookie mistake, but, whatever. It got me here, anyway, so. Worth it.”
“Shut up,” says Dean, and scratches the back of his neck. “Okay, it— fine. You know how, uh. Well. Look. You remember Benny?”
“Fuck,” hisses Dean, under his breath. He checks his mirror and indicates to pull over, rolling the car to a stop just off the side of the road. “Fuck, alright, let’s just. Let’s—”
The overhead light is flickering in the corner of his eye. It’s not angels, or anything, just faulty wiring and shoddy priorities, but it’s giving Dean a headache. Weirdly, he wants to call Cas.
“I’m not,” he blusters, looking scandalised. “I just, uh, don’t wanna talk about it with Dean, is all.”
Dean does a really, really poor job of absorbing this. He says, “You think I’m saying this just to make you happy?”
Later, when Cas is back and the three of them have eaten, Dean’s in the garage putting away the tools from where he’d been tinkering with Baby earlier just for the sake of it. Cas sneaks up on him and presses up against him from behind like the giant freakin’ sap that he is, hands hot on Dean’s hips and the length of him warm against Dean’s back.
Cas holds his gaze for another second. “Hm,” he says, and turns back to his drying. Clearly, the conversation is over.
“That sounds nice,” says Sam, easy as anything, grin unmistakeable. “I guess you’ll wanna go with them, then?”
“I know,” Cas says. “But you’re a chronic people pleaser, Dean. You don’t need to please me. I love you just as you are.”
His wobbly legs and the pain behind his eyes begs to differ, and Cas looks at him like he knows it, somehow unimpressed and concerned at the same time. He reaches up to Dean’s forehead and Dean just fucking leans into it like the pull of gravity, presses his skin into the touch of Cas’ fingers like his whole body’s weak for it, which he’ll be embarrassed about later, sure, but right now he couldn’t give less of a shit, honestly. Cas’ eyes go wide.
. Apocalypse Charlie is fine and all, but she isn’t Dean’s best friend. That honour belongs to redhead bouncing around like she’s hopped up on sugar.
“On your own?” Dean asks, and Cas takes way too long to answer, the hesitation unfolding between them in leaps and freaking bounds. Dean looks at the ground, scoffing; “Right.”
,” says Claire, flushing, and the lady behind the counter shares a smile with Dean that just says, basically;
“Your mother is coming home, and I realise that that might be difficult for us all, considering the circumstances. I’ve been waiting for you to ask Jack and I to leave, to ease the transition.”
, but apparently don’t exist, like that isn’t enough insanity to destroy Dean’s brain for the foreseeable future, and maybe then some.
saying, and he’s kind of sick of giving himself the out. If Bobby were here, Dean’s sure he’d hit him upside the head. Dean’d probably deserve it. “Not really.”
“This is the kiss,” Dean says, and when Cas doesn’t say anything, he tightens his grip on the coat into a fist and tugs him down until he gets the picture. Both of Dean’s feet are planted firmly on the floor, Cas’ own half a foot above him, and the height difference is weird, and new, and exciting. “This is when you kiss me, Cas.”
“Oh, right,” he says, and puts his hands in his pockets. Then he realises that’s stupid, and nobody fucking stands with their hands in their pockets anyway, do they, so he puts them by his side instead. Only, that’s dumb, too, because they feel clunky and longer than he remembers them, and that’s just embarrassing, honestly. The back of his neck feels hot. Cas puts his hands on it.
That’s fair, honestly. Dean’s been taking and taking for twelve goddamn years, and he’s glad, in the unselfish part of him, that Cas has had enough. Dean
“Sam,” he croaks out, bunching the fabric of Sam’s jacket in his hand, holding him near. “Sam, Sammy, just— stop. Just stop, man. It’s okay.”
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to,” he says, which, sure, great. Dean’s not sure that’s the problem. Cas’ voice softens. “You can take it off right after,” he says, and Dean swallows. He wishes he had a beer.
“Cool,” he says, and then they’re cut off by Jughead monologuing, which means it’s time to shut up and pay attention.
He doesn’t take the trouble of elaborating on what, exactly, he sees, which is frustrating. The angel take on gender is so annoyingly blasé that Dean’s pretty certain it wouldn’t help, but Cas is using that tone that borders on smug, not because he means it to be, but because he thinks he knows something Dean isn’t ready for, and refuses to share. The dick.
Dean wouldn’t put it past Claire for that to be a dig, but whatever. As long as it’s not the shark song, he literally won’t care.
now, because he’s lost his grace and the other shoe still hasn’t dropped. Jack’s little power up seemed like a hell of
“Yeah, I guess. He’s been keeping the thing subdued, as well, to buy us time. That’s why there’s nothing on our asses right now.”
Dean shrugs. “Well, I just— I figure that’s what you want, right? You always wanted to get out of hunting and go off to Stanford, or whatever, so. You telling me you don’t wanna pack up and go hang at Eileen’s, right now?”
“Okay,” says Dean, but keeps his hand on Jack’s shoulder even as he pulls back, tethering them together. He squeezes it, hard, and catches his eye. “Okay, Jack, we’re gonna fix it, alright? Whatever’s happening, I promise, we’ll fix it. But first we gotta get to Cas.”
Cas waits. Dean’s eyes don’t want to stay still; they flicker all over the place, around his room and to his feet and their hands and anything,
fault that Cas’ little speech punted them all the way out of field, and made his usual avenues for dealing with it useless. That’s one hundred percent on Cas, the dickhead.
“I have decided,” continues Cas, hardly skipping a beat as Dean lets that familiar warm feeling wrap around his chest, “that he was correct. Waiting in a queue is a supreme form of torture.”
Dean’s never really been that good at reading Cas, certainly not as good as Cas is at reading him. Still, Cas has been mad at him enough times that Dean recognises the expression, and he doesn’t have to be an expert to know what it means when Cas curls his hands into fists.
a train of thought he wants to go down right now. He’ll save that stuff for his chats with Mia Vallens, thanks), but
you. It’s about a couple of hunters getting a second shot at chasing a slightly less crappy life. So stop bein’ so damn self-absorbed.”
Jack’s spell (or reality bend, or whatever it is) speeds up in intensity, and he screws his face up in concentration, eyes clamping shut. The air around them starts to crackle, coming apart at the seams, and the waiting room bathes itself in a wash of kaleidoscopic fractures. Dean takes the opportunity to send out a prayer with as much power as his meagre little human soul can manage, heart thumping in his chest.
“Jack?” tries Dean, his mouth all filled up with sawdust. He chokes on it, hacks up a cough twice to clear his throat, and glances down at himself to double-check he’s all here. He’s in the same clothes he died in, boots still covered from the grime of the barn, but the cast on his skin makes it look too green and pasty to be real, and his hands are sallow and faded, illuminated in the worst kind of hospital lighting. “Where am I?”
grace, there’s no other word for it— spills out of the wound in a fiery blue arc, carving upwards into the Empty, bright and vibrant against the dark. Dean’s eardrums are about to burst, blood collecting on Cas’ shirt, but he holds Cas tight and takes his last fucking gamble, and launches them into the light.
“Yes,” says Cas. Dean swallows, and grabs onto the doorframe to keep standing. He feels like he’s high on dream root, not quite in his body, and astral plane experiences have always been one of the worst parts of the job.
Dean snickers. He’s driving, again, because that’s his life, isn’t it? One long drive with a couple of stops along the way. Maybe one of these days he’ll find his destination, maybe not— either way, this one he’s on right now could be a
“Too easy,” she says, and Sam grins down at the top of her head, and it’s— well, honestly, it’s cute. They’re cute.
“Good,” she says, and wraps herself round Sam, resting her chin on his shoulder, or as high up as she can get, anyway.
“There is,” says Jack. “It’s just that I’m— occupied, with Heaven.  There are too many souls and not enough angels to sustain them, and it’s making it difficult. I can’t… I can barely hold them all as it is, and even then, the Empty was designed to exist outside of God’s influence. Not even Chuck could control it.”
, because in his humble freaking opinion, Cas should be falling at his feet right about now. It’s not every day a guy nuts up and offers to suck a dick in the name of friendship, or whatever, which is basically what Dean did. Give him some credit.
“Um,” says Dean. He was planning on sharing the bed with Cas, because, you know, they’re adults and they can share a damn bed, but that’s actually a pretty terrible idea, he realises now. He’s up for a lot, but that’s— hm. Maybe not. Jesus, but his back is sweating. “Sorry. Fuck. Sorry. Goodnight.”
“I,” starts Sam. “Okay. Look, Dean, I don’t know how to answer this, man. Dad was— I know we had kind of a shitty education, with this stuff. But like. Wanting to cook dinner, or being kind, or gentle, or whatever, those aren’t like— that’s just stuff, man. It’s not like doing those things, being those things, makes you a man or a woman. It’s just stuff. Anyone can do it. It’s not— hell, even, like, the body you’re born in doesn’t have bearing on gender. You just are what you are.”
” demands Cas, and Dean winces, but it isn’t enough to let him escape from the fury, because Cas whirls on him in an instant. “You let him do this? He’s three, Dean!”
instrumental. When they pull up to a gas station about a third of the way to Sioux Falls, to fuel up and grab some snacks, Sam pulls him aside for a second, wearing one of his faces.
“You’re saying you have faith,” Sam says, and Dean’s hands grip the wheel so tight his knuckles ache with it.
“I am third in the queue,” he recites. The sea shanty inspired holding music is still drifting out from his phone. He makes a pleased face at the taste of Dean’s burger, and dutifully offers his own, still talking. “Did I ever tell you, that when Crowley first redesigned hell, he devised an infinite waiting line?”
“Yeah, I know,” he’d added, when Cas opened his mouth to say that the fancy angel table manners were a result of finding fine-motor stuff difficult after The Fall, when he couldn’t afford to waste food dropping it on himself. It makes Dean’s stomach curdle to think about, so he only does when he’s feeling particularly self-hateful. “Don’t start.”
thinks Dean, and throws up his spare hand. His words are too short, too irritable, but what the fuck ever, he’s having a stressful day. “Yeah, well, I know fuck all about it, so if this is unusual, you’re going to have to let me know.”
Because the thing is, is that Cas just takes it in his stride every time, like it doesn’t even matter. Like Dean can call himself whatever he wants, and he doesn’t have to think that hard about what it means except that it feels good. And Dean keeps wearing Jack’s bracelet, at first under his flannel and jacket sleeves, on the left side of his watch so it doesn’t roll down, but then he kind of gets used to it, and he doesn’t forget about it, exactly, but in his head it becomes less like
It’s not every day that someone in Dean’s life comes back from the dead, but still, it’s not exactly a blue moon type of deal, either. Bobby’s here, they’re back in his kitchen, and it’s almost unfairly easy to sink back into that familiarity. What’s
He’d thought, vaguely, that maybe in the Empty he could have done something adrenaline fuelled and stupid, but then Cas had thrown them out past that opportunity too, because he’s the one thing Dean’s never been able to predict. Now Dean’s
“Great,” chokes Dean, and slips the ring on his finger, ears buzzing. He forces himself to look round the table, at the dozen or so stunned faces staring at him, and then settles on Cas, who of course is looking right back, huge smile on his face. Dean swallows, anticipation licking at his heels, both terrible and deeply fucking awesome all at once.
A chair appears innocently beside him, and he drops into it without a second thought, palming his mouth. Perks of Heaven, he guesses, and tries not to hurl. As if reading his mind, a bucket appears by his feet; he glares at it until it disappears. Cas is back. Cas is
“Nothin’,” says Dean, and claps him on the arm again before stepping away, getting used to being back in his actual body. He’s half-tempted to do some lunges. “I just made a pit-stop on my way back down, that’s all. Oh, and Jack’s about to save the universe for the second time in a month, so we’re gonna have to get him some
He picks up the paper towel, and tips more remover on it. “The lady in the shop was very helpful in explaining how to use it,” he says, and, with no warning whatsoever, grabs one of Dean’s hands from the air. It’s not, like,
“And you’re human,” he says, and tosses the spoon into the sink. He settles back with his hip against the counter and hands Cas his coffee, and he’s sure he doesn’t usually pay attention to when he accidentally touches Cas, but right now it turns out he does. Cas’ fingers are rough, which Dean’s never noticed, because why would he have? Dudes don’t pay attention to their best friends’ hands. That’s
Looking at Cas simply makes the feeling of anticipation worse, because his eyes have started to go bleary, and he keeps rubbing at them. Of course he needs to fucking
“Sure did, kiddo,” he says, and puts it in Jack’s empty hand. Jack yawns again, then unscrews the cap and takes a swallow directly from it. Dean swats at him.
The stack of papers Dean nods at are all genuine Winchester forgeries, since for all of Cas’ desire to get as much paperwork as he can legally, they don’t exactly hand stuff like birth certificates out. A couple are also owed to Charlie and her wizardry, anything that was going to be too hard for them to come by, though Dean’s not sure which exact forms are there. He mostly let Sam handle it; forging papers is way too lame when the alternative is teaching Jack to do a U-turn. That’s a life skill.
. “I don’t, Sam. I’m just sorta— removed. I dunno. Like, I see Mom and my hands go shaky and I get all tight in the chest, or whatever, but I’m not actually— I don’t actually feel the
Cas’ expression is unbearably gentle, a sympathetic tilt to his mouth like he can see right through Dean, and knows exactly what’s going on through his head. Dean wishes he’d share with the class. Cas has always been able to see right through him, right from their first meeting in the bar, when he looked Dean in the eye and said
“Hey,” he says, and hands Dean one of his herbal teas. A beer would have been better, but it’s not like Sam’s ever known subtlety. He’s been extra weird about the drinking ever since he stumbled on Dean fifteen drinks in after Cas died, blinking bleary eyed at a security feed recording and about to pass out, crying himself stupid. They’re both pretending it didn’t happen except for moments like
“Anyway, Eileen’s bi, she wouldn’t be sick of me even if I was a woman. And, dude, 2005 called, they want your insults back. What gives?”
Dean’s pressing his bad knee hard into the metal leg of the table to keep from reacting to that first bit. Cas: bastard, stubborn, a complete and total little shit. Retaliation is too risky, so Dean latches onto the second part instead, and raises both his eyebrows.
He frowns down at his feet, shifting his weight. “I guess I thought— I mean, it’s stupid, but. I was kinda making plans to take a break from hunting, I guess. Now that the world’s safe. Take a holiday, go to the beach, or something.”
He brushes past Cas and ignores the intake of breath that means Cas is going to call after him, ducking into the hallway and trying hard to keep his footfalls light, so as not to piss off Sam or wake Jack. It’s fine. Dean’s totally fine. Cas is back, and everything’s back to normal. So it goes.
“I apologise, Dean, but this is Jack’s home. I’m afraid I’d put up quite a fight if you asked him to leave.”
, and it turns out he’s still pissed. Cas died and it still wasn’t enough, Dean’s still fucking mad at him, he’s always fucking
“Dean,” says Cas, soft, but they’re interrupted by Marie bringing the bill, as if they haven’t had enough of those for one lifetime. As if their whole story (
“If you didn’t make a deal,” he says after a moment, trudging along over to Dean and resuming their trek out, “then how are you here?”
“Dean, I hate to tell you this,” he says, sounding very much the opposite, “but you ain’t the centre of the universe. Not everything’s about you, and this certainly ain’t.”
“He just is,” he finishes, lamely. Sam tilts his head at him, considering, and there’s a cautious undercurrent to his tone when he next speaks, like he knows how close the words are going to bring Dean to the edge, and doesn’t really want to say them.
Cas beams at him. It is stupidly, blindingly, out-of-this-world beautiful. Dean is such a goner. He’s gonna
The ugly feeling has settled somewhat into something a bit more forgiving. Dean watches the man he’s raising a kid with battle the American legal system, feels his edges soften out, and tries not to look as stupid in love as he feels when Cas eventually extracts himself from his conversation with the woman on the phone, a pleased look on his face. “Well?”
Sam cracks out the laptop again, nodding along. “The high-school kids? I think I saw that. Yeah, okay. I’ll call Eileen, get her to meet us there, you call Cas. And I bought bacon, too, I’m not an idiot.”
“I don’t ‘break down’,” says Dean, and oh, fuck his life, he did the finger quotes and everything, what the fuck. He’s gonna kill Cas. “I’m just. I’m wondering something.”
Dean shrugs, sinks a little lower in his seat. “Come on, man. You don’t gotta make me say it, this is punishment enough, ain’t it? Just get the jokes over with, I know you’ve been sitting on them.”
Cas is dead, again. He’s been dead for over two hours, swallowed up by that goddamn black goo, and his handprint is still marked in blood on Dean’s shoulder like a bookend. Dean hates it. He’s never cried this much in his entire life, and his chest hurts and his throat’s all cut up, and Cas is dead, and this is when he makes a choice.
Dean goes red. He checks on Sam and Jack again, but they still look none the wiser; Jack’s eyes are closed, snuggled up in his blanket, and Sam’s watching the clouds go by. It’s probably safe.
“Hell if I know,” he says, and chews the inside of his lip. “We’ve kind of been doing the— well, doing the same old, I guess. Getting you back was pretty much the only thing on the agenda.”
“It isn’t,” Dean says. “No matter— whether we get him out or someone else does, someone’s gonna. Maybe he’ll annoy his way out again, I dunno, but this isn’t it. I gotta believe that, Sam, ‘cause otherwise—”
. It’s not like it’s new, to Dean, that he pretty much turns reckless as shit the second Cas looks like he’s out of the picture for good, and so it is a terrifying goddamn thought that the next time it happens, Cas is for real gone. There’ll be no Empty rescues then. Fuck. This is
He started getting lazy, in recent years. Started getting more obvious. It’s kind of nice. Weird and fucking terrifying, but nice. There’s always this moment, this heart-stopping beat when he knows Sam’s clocked it (the socks, the apron, the
Cas shrugs. “It doesn’t bother me how you refer to yourself. If it means something to you, if it makes you happy…”
Dean’s jaw twitches, and he looks, firmly, at the ground. He doesn’t know what his dad’s heaven was, but he knows for damn sure it wasn’t playing around with his kids. He never did it, for one thing. Jesus, Dean’s missed Bobby so much.
Cas rolls his eyes. Dean doesn’t see it, but he knows he does. “I know your sense of object permanence with these things is poor,” he says, and kisses the back of Dean’s neck, “but I think even you know that’s a futile question.”
“My deal,” says Cas, and Dean breathes again. “I knew that if you or I were to—acknowledge what we felt, that the Empty would claim me.”
im honestly not sure what to say about this. writing from dean’s pov is fucking insane and the level of cognitive dissonance i had to employ was a nightmare <3 it oscillates from angst to comedy of errors to heartfelt love confession featuring a star wars reference, and in this way i feel it truly does reflect the supernatural experience :-)
stuff to each other, and this is the first time Dean’s had happiness in his grasp in a long goddamn time, and he’s not gonna give that up just because he’s an idiot and can’t unstick his tongue from the roof of his mouth.
Technically, probably, Cas could have stayed back with him, but Dean refused to leave him behind either. This is a family fucking emergency, and that means they’re all involved, like it or not.
,” he says. He looks delighted, his mouth twisting from the effort not be all younger-sibling about it. Dean wishes he was literally anywhere else.
“Fine,” he says, tight, and Dean nods, jaw clenching from the effort of just keeping himself together. “Let’s go.”
The Empty is everything and nothing all at once, so much that it ceases to exist at all. Dean feels nauseous and his ears hurt, because there’s no sound to pick up on and help him right himself, only his own breath. There’s no up, no down, no left, no right; no light, no sound, no black, no white. His eyes are seeing
“Fuck off, man,” says Dean, but doesn’t shove at him, because he doesn’t want to. Cas was just dead, and Dean likes having him in his space, swaying close and his hand on Dean’s knee. He feels a little hot under the collar. “As if I’d wanna immortalise that shit. I’m forgetting that as soon as possible.”
It’s not often Dean thinks about his wants. He never has, because he’s always been good to take what he’s dealt and find a way to be happy with it, or at least not ask for more. He’s meant to have a shitty lot in life, so whatever he gets outside of that has got to be enough for him, but the same doesn’t apply for Jack. The kid deserves far better than Dean, and a hell of a lot more than what he’s already been given.
“I can take care of a car,” says Claire, arms crossed. Dean doesn’t take it personally; he’s figured out by now that she’s just a grumpy kid.
without consciously meaning to. Sue him, but Cas has been dead for a month, so Dean’s allowed to be a little sappy. Cas drags his eyes back up to Dean’s, a little pinch to his brow, and nods. Dean breathes.
kind of way. “You can tell me, I won’t break. My eating drives you mad, admit it. You and your fancy angel table manners.”
A tried and true set of words that never mean anything good, coming from a Winchester. Maybe Sam’ll put him out of his misery and just shoot him for even thinking about bringing this into the light.
Dean swallows. It’s after midnight, and it’s silent, and all the lights are off except these ones in the kitchen. No one can see him. “No,” he says, eventually, and so Cas keeps going in silence, until Dean’s hands are back to normal, and he can fucking breathe again. “Thanks, Cas.”
back, so he feels kind of great, too. Dean cracks four eggs in the fry pan, shuffles around for some plates.
. He’s done nothing but treat Dean with kid-gloves this whole time, and Dean knows that isn’t fair, because god knows Sam lost his best friend too. Yeah, maybe it didn’t happen after Cas confessed he was in love with him and threw the last decade into retrospect, but he was still family. Sam shouldn’t have to walk around expecting Dean to explode at the drop of a hat, because that’s their
. He makes jokes for an audience that exists in his head, for Sam, for Cas, anything to keep that fucking screen up around himself, to make sure people only see what he puts out. It works, too; Sam snorts.
“Yes,” says Cas, amused, “you are. But I thought I might take a trip into town; there’s an antique store I want to go to.”
Dean fiddles with the paper towel. “I dunno if I have any, Cas,” he admits, quiet. “I mean, you, Sam, Jack; you all being here, that’s enough.”
“So,” he says, at lunch, apropos of fucking nothing, “Eileen get tired of sleeping with a chick, yet?”
He and Cas have this ritual, kinda. Or, Dean does. He’s pretty sure it started ages ago, probably that time he and Cas first worked a case, with Raphael and the brothel. Their first date, if he’s feeling super sappy and wants to make pink bloom across Cas’ cheeks. If they have to go out, in fed suits or do anything else remotely disguise worthy, Cas puts his tie on crooked and lets Dean fix it up, and sometimes even fiddle with his hair.
. How many other things did he stop doing, just because they bored Chuck? How much of him is left, anymore?
“Right,” he says. Cas keeps going, and in his defence, he does start making much more progress than Dean had. “You don’t have to do this.”
“What, are you deaf, now, too?” demands Bobby, cross. “You bring me back and don’t even leave instructions? Don’t even call? I gotta spend my night trying to figure out what your new damn number even is? What did you idjits
“In a sense,” says Cas, idly. He seems almost unfairly unruffled, not at all affected by dying or coming back or what he said before he went. “My grace is gone, certainly.”
Jack beams. Then she comes over and hugs Dean, too, and he ruffles her hair just to piss her off; she slaps his hands away. “Urgh, you’re so lame.”
“There,” Dean says, and musses up the front a little, smooths down the sides. “Spick and span, man.”
Dean nods. Even if Jack’s burst of grace fails, he can always try confessing his big gay love for Cas. Prior experience suggests that would do the trick.
Dean does have fun, for about thirty seconds. He knows it’s been over a week, but it’s still weird seeing Cas in flannels and jeans, and it does his head in, a little bit. Especially now, when he’s got it unbuttoned and rolled to his elbows. That is— fuck. He’s got no clue why Cas picked
, “Sam and me, you’ve gotta… we’ve done a lot of wrong, alright? Some of it to you. We don’t deserve this, kid.”
Jack nods. “I’d be nice to them,” he says. “The souls, I mean. They can become stars, or the rain, or the sunshine. I meant what I said, Dean— I don’t want to be prayed to. I think that it’s time for humanity to stand on its own. By itself it can be evil and dark, but it can also be good. I have known more love, and kindness, and goodness from humanity than anything exceeding it. I think it’s time we put the world in its own hands—
Dean shakes his head; he takes down monsters on the regular, he should be able to lug a couple of bags around. “Nah, I’m good.”
“Yeah, sure,” says Sam, and gets her attention, jerking his thumb at Cas. Eileen looks over, and Cas fires off something rapid-fast in ASL, speaking to match.
“What I had to,” says Jack, pleased. “It’s alright, he and I already said hello. I can do lots of interesting things with the fourth plane, now. I should probably go and get Sam.”
“Dean?” gets out Sam, in shock, and Dean stumbles to get his footing right, clutching at him. He glances around and finds that he’s back in that stupid barn, gaze snagging on the rebar before he can look Sam in the eye, whose tears are still wet on his cheeks. He’s gaping openly.
“Bobby?” says Dean, and Cas is awake, suddenly, pushing back his chair with a loud scrape that pretty much mirrors how Dean feels.
He tries to remember what they know about the Empty. It’s not much. He knows that Cas is probably knee-deep in his own subconscious right about now, and he’s pretty sure Cas once described it as being similar to Heaven, with the whole axis-mundi-road-to-eternal-peace kind of thing, so Cas is probably on a road or in a tunnel or a river, or something. Not that any of that helps Dean.
about it. “It’s fine. Seriously. Like, obviously Cas is great, and if I was a chick, sure, I’d be into that. Definitely. But I’m not. And, like, I wish I could, ‘cause that’d make this whole thing easier, but, y’know. I’m not, so it doesn’t matter. Okay? It’s fine.”
Dean groans, and when he tips his head forward against Cas’ shoulder, Cas just laughs in his ear, squeezing his arm.
He spins on his heel and starts stomping off in the direction of the portal, before realising that he just cannot fucking deal with not having Cas in his line of sight right now. He stops and turns, waiting, trying to keep from hurling as the Empty spins around him, Cas the only sane thing he can see.
Silence. Dean’s breathes are coming in hard and fast, anger dancing under his skin, because he’s being viscerally reminded that Cas
, picking them all up and examining them thoughtfully, but he tends to gravitate to those that wear their past like a badge of honour; the battered toy race-car, the cassette tape worn out from being run through the mill too many times. Dean wanders about in silence, not getting that much out of it, if he’s honest, except for a half-hearted rustle through the collection of vinyls. Cas shows him the cassette— it’s Dean who tells him that the wear is from repeat plays.
He sways forward again, and all that gets Dean is a face full of Cas’ hair, but whatever, Dean’ll take it. He’ll take anything, at this point, because Cas is
“Yes,” he says, and watches Cas’ throat catch. He has a lot of thoughts about that, it turns out. “Yeah, man, I do. Been thinkin’ ‘bout it like it’s an inevitability, anyway, and I want— a kitchen. With sunlight, I think. I love this place, but dude, some
. But he might be a little jealous that this has all come about in the wrong order. Or— hell, is it even jealousy? Dean’s not so good at
. Unfortunately all this means is that Cas has access to his throat, and apparently a whole fucking decade of wondering to go with it, of which he decides to make use. Dean makes a noise that’s absolutely fucking
, he’s forty one and isn’t sneaking around behind his parents’ backs, just Sam’s. And Jack’s. Oh, god, he’s going to have to tell Jack he’s fucking his dad, Jesus
with him, whose body’s been hoodwinked into getting all hot and bothered just because Cas had to go all endearing and earnest and bitchy on him— Dean’s been
“But,” says Dean, mouth dry, “we killed him. You took his powers, Jack, he’s not pulling the strings anymore.”
Dean dips a thick-cut fry in tomato sauce and stuffs it in his mouth, glancing around the place. They have a
like a revelation. Like oh, yeah, he’s in love with Cas. Of course he is. What’s tripping him out is that he
deal with it. His hands feel all sweaty from the condensation on his beer bottle, his leg is jittering in place, and God, please,
, that he gave Cas that mix-tape, but he’s pretty surprised to find out that he still has it. It’s not like he’s had a consistent home at the bunker, and there’s been other shit going on, and add that to the fact that Cas apparently
The tar bubbles under Dean’s feet, crawls up his calves like ice. Cas is staring at him, white-knuckling his arm and willing Dean to get it, and Dean does.
“Sorry, Dean,” says Jack, easily, and interrupts. “I thought I’d better put you back before Sam burned you.”
He swallows. He’s wearing Dean’s shirt. Dean’s heart is jumping around in his chest, and oh, right, Dean’s in love with him. Dean wants him.
Jack’s smile, if possible, grows, showing off the gap between his teeth. “I stepped out while you weren’t looking. Here.”
“It looks very nice, Dean,” says Cas. “I’m glad that you are— taking control of your life, and your body, and doing things because you want to. It’s very— well. I enjoy seeing it, is all.”
“Keep it together, Winchester,” mutters Dean, venomously, and picks up the store brand. “It’s fucking orange juice,
“Humans aren’t supposed to enter it,” he says, cautiously. “It’s like Purgatory; if a human is trapped there, then there’s a— a failsafe, of sorts. I think I could harness it’s power, use it to pull Castiel back out.”
“Yes. You say that as if the line were on of bravado, an act of indifference. But really it just means: I know. I know despite all our fighting, all our arguments. I know and I wouldn’t have changed a thing, and you are not to regret not having said it sooner. It means I
When he can’t get his voice to work, Cas fiddles with his hands, oddly hesitant. “Dean, if my taking the name Winchester has made you uncomfortable—”
Jack wants to listen to one of Sam’s podcasts for a bit, so he and Cas switch seats, Cas sliding into the passenger side while Sam goes into the back, so that he and Jack can share the headphones. Cas’ hand rests innocently beside his thigh, and Dean spends more time than is probably necessary wondering if maybe he should hold it. That’s comforting, right? Cas is still all hazy from losing his grace and his shitty night’s sleep, so he could probably do with the human contact. Better he get it from Dean than go out searching elsewhere for it.
“Yeah. I kinda feel like I should be involved, you know? But Sam said— well, I dunno. There’s gonna be lots of people working it, probably, so, uh. They probably won’t miss me, if I don’t.”
a huge fuck you to the writers for not letting dean be jack’s dad more often. theres absolutely no way dean would be cruel to him i fucking KNOW THIS in my BONES. if it happened in canon no it did not. i also tried to watch dean’s death for this but i got as far as “i’m so proud of you, sam” before saying “nope” and closing the tab because i started WELLING UP. no thanks. here he is being alive and completely insane for 40k+ words
, so Dean keeps going even though he would literally rather walk over hot coals, if the option presented. The things he’d do for Sammy, Jesus
, and comfortable, and it shines outta him all the live-long day, and Dean just basks in it. It’s all he can do.
using the internet to set up some kind of online account, which neither of them knew you could even do until six weeks back, when Claire showed them. It had been accompanied by an unflattering joke that Dean now chooses to ignore, instead focusing on the memory of her pissed-off expression when he messed up her hair in retaliation. She’d laughed at him, though; that was a win.
Cas doesn’t stiffen, exactly, but the gaze Dean’s feeling on him turns curious, and Cas brings his hand up to Dean’s face, which means he expects Dean to be freaking out or about to. “You do that a lot,” he says, softly.
It goes well, Dean guesses. He’s not really sure about the intricacies of the thing, what it’s like for Jack to give up the God-powers but not his own grace, if there’s some tricky detangling to sort through. There’s a light show and Jack passes out at the end of it, and so then it’s up to the two old men with back problems and the newly fallen angel to somehow carry him up to his bedroom, which if any of them had their wits about them would have been where they did the damn thing. If only Eileen wasn’t out on a hunt— she would of thought of that, for sure.
is having to tell him about everything that’s happened in the in-between, because even though they only go in for the big stuff, it sounds stupid, said out loud. Dean and Sam fought
Cas hesitates. “I want to do it properly,” he says. “The human way. It’s important to me. I don’t know why.”
echoes tinnily out of the phone, and a muscle in Cas’ jaw twitches as he picks it up, resuming his terrifying expedition into the world of bureaucracy. Dean swallows. At least it gives him a moment to think. He wipes his hands on his napkin (because never let it be said he ever did nothing for Cas), and tugs the paperwork over to his side of the table, ignoring the look Cas shoots him.
Dean is honestly surprised he can still feel anything at all, at this point, but the weight of this latest is heavy, just another freaking load to the one on Dean’s back. “Seriously, Jack,” he says, and he sounds
of Dean, because he was too goddamn stubborn to leave him in the Empty, and Cas is all about sacrificing himself to save him. The idiot.
“You and I have been making it up since the moment we met,” he says, looking up from the jam he’s boiling on the stove. He gets the raspberries from the woman down the road, in exchange for jars of the honey he’s been making from the bees in the back garden. “Why should this be any different?”
“Okay,” chirps Jack, happy to be led along with the current, bless him. The first station Dean lands on is blasting
“Thanks, Marie,” says Dean, taking them off her so she doesn’t have to wait while Cas piles his papers off to the side. With a promise to call if they need anything, she heads back to the register, and Dean puts the food in front of them. Four minutes then have to be sacrificed to the initial taste-test of the burger, since it’s a new one to Dean, and gratuitous comments about the quality that Cas listens to with a smile, brightening up for the first time since he got on the phone with American Services.
Jack’s eyes start to burn up, the irises turning white from the effort it takes to rip a hole in reality. Dean curls his fists, wishes he had a weapon of some sort, and is startled when his demon-killing knife appears in his hand. He guesses it’s a side-effect of Heaven, which, that’s neat. He stows it in his jacket.
He holds the paper between his fingers, and it’s the cheap stuff they put in the printer so it’s kind of shiny-feeling, not like the rough stuff he’s used to finding in books, and he looks down at the words printed right there in black and white, his ears buzzing. He feels numb. He feels
“Well, there you go,” says Cas. Dean uses his left hand to pull Cas’ own bracelet further up his wrist, so he can fiddle with it and feel a little more normal. Cas would have taken it off to do his pottery, wouldn’t have wanted to risk getting it caked in clay, but Dean’d bet that he wore it there and on the way back, in plain sight of anyone who wanted to see. Probably just gave them his stupid sunny smile when asked, proclaimed that his kid bought it for him and didn’t think two ways about it.
“Oh, I’m so sorry for the inconvenience,” says Cas, and Dean wants to thunk his head down on the table. Cas is so bitchy
of his legs, pulling Cas along with him back in the direction of the portal. He’s starting to get twitchy again now that the shock has worn off, and he’s well aware that they’re on the clock and have been here for literally who knows how long, so the Empty could be coming after them right at this second. Now is
He doesn’t move, though; his feet are pretty solidly planted. He’s not sure he can, actually. Everything feels like it’s happening under water, and Dean feels a sudden rush of anger that Cas has punted them past the tearful reunion and into this, this weird uncertainty where Dean has shit to
Cas grunts. Jack’s still asleep and Sam’s in the shower, so Dean figures he’ll make two serves for now and wait till Sam’s finished for the third. He still hasn’t got the knack for figuring out how long it takes for him to condition that mane of his, and cold eggs are a firm no-no in Dean’s book. He throws in a bit of bacon since he wants to condition Cas early (before Sam can get his quinoa hooks into him), and things are going pretty well, generally, until Dean’s phone rings.
He thinks about it and he could, probably, do as Cas says and lead them there blind. He could keep a hand on Cas to make sure he didn’t disappear on him, trust him to be on the lookout for the Empty. It would be clunky, a hand on the shoulder, so— Dean could, if he wanted, lead Cas along by taking his—
, and he didn’t feel a damn thing about it. “No. No, actually. I dunno. I think I just need a hunt. Been getting antsy.”
Dean stares very intently at the highway as the silence stretches on. He should have kept his damn mouth shut.
Dean trudges off in the direction of the portal, still feeling that pull in his gut, that intrinsic knowledge of where he has to go. He’s grateful, since there’s definitely no other way he could keep his bearings in a place like this, and so Cas stomps along beside him, clearly broadcasting the message that he’s still pissed. Dean thinks that’s a little rich considering he’s currently being rescued; he’s sure Leia never gave anyone this much shit.
that you’ll deal with it, okay? It doesn’t have to be right now, but— at some point. Please promise me you’ll deal with it, and not just shove it away like everything else. Please.”
“Looks cool,” he says, and Claire looks pleased. She helps herself to some more fries, her tone mocking.
“I don’t suppose you’re going to tell me how exactly you plan on getting us out of here?” Cas says, after a moment, when he’s decided to just go along with Dean’s stupidity, and Dean lets the question take his mind off it.
“What the fuck,” Dean says, and holds tighter to Cas’ shirt, like that will help this make sense. “What the
Dean sips his girly tea, and pulls a face for plausible deniability about the taste. “Leave it, Sam.”
reference), but then it always peters out, a little huff escaping from Sam like it ain’t even news. So Dean, you know. Doesn’t expect it to be.
, and wants, or whatever, and it means more than an impulse decision to plant one on him or fuck out this feeling in Dean’s chest, which he thinks is probably guilt over not being able to give Cas everything. The ball is in Dean’s court, and he
Dean is goddamned lucky that the first angel he finds is dormant in sleep. Adding burned out eyes to this shit show would easily put it in the top three worst experiences of his life, but maybe being dead dulls the whole
The bracelet catches his attention again when he’s making burgers for them both, slicing tomatoes and frying bacon and chicken breasts in the pan. It’s just him and Jack at home today, Sam doing a lore-run with Eileen (at some point the bunker’s entire library is going to get carted over to this house, what with the amount of books they’ve been lugging home on a case by case basis) and Cas is at his pottery workshop, which is exciting because today he gets to bring home the stuff he’s been making. Dean stops and stares at the bracelet for a while, and he feels scraped raw and he doesn’t know why.
Dean shrugs. “Well, I just figured, you got the separate bedrooms, and all. Didn’t realise you were at that stage of marriage already.”
“It’s— Jesus, Sam, is this not ringing your bell? This is a— you know, a coming out, or whatever the kids are calling it these days. Jesus Christ.”
Cas is not that drunk, it turns out, because he stops short of the guest room, turning to Dean with an unreadable expression on his face. Dean is distracted, a little, by the shadows being cast across his face.
with Claire, and thinks she’s the coolest thing to walk the Earth. It’s not like Dean disagrees with the sentiment, or anything, but it is endearing.
. But I get that— that he didn’t mean to. I know it was an accident. And I’m not going to— I’m not gonna ask you guys to go just because she’s coming back. You’re family. You
“If you say that one more fucking time,” threatens Dean, bright and angry and right up in Cas’ face, and tries not to read into the way Cas’ eyes have widened. “It’s not an
. He scrubs at the back of his neck, but he doesn’t think Cas is trying to start a fight. If anything, he just sounds weary, like he knows what the outcome of this is going to be, and wants to get there as soon as possible. It turns out Dean is a shitty fucking love interest, if he can make Cas feel like that.
“Come on, dude,” he begs. “I didn’t come all this way for the silent treatment. This is one argument I really don’t want you having the last word on, okay, and I’m pretty sure you don’t want that either, because you— you win, man. You can— have it. You can have whatever, okay? I’ll give it to you, Cas, I swear, I just need you to kick that bitch to the curb and wake up, first.”
“I enjoy this,” says Cas, instantly, and Dean thinks he’s the only one who notices her ears go pink.
“God is generally big-picture,” Jack says. The air ripples around him, bursts of rainbow sparking into existence and hurting Dean’s eyes so badly he has to shy away, and Jack sighs. “But it’s more than that, it’s— we didn’t win, Dean. I understand, now. Chuck’s story, it’s still going. This is just the next chapter.”
Dean huffs. “What, you think I’m just fine and dandy whenever you’re gone? I guess this is what it looks like, or whatever.”
Eileen finishes with Jack’s nails, and then looks up at Sam with delighted eyes and a big grin, and Sam huffs, but he sits down and lets her do his, too. Dean stares.
,” Bobby says, and then he hangs up, leaving a dial tone in Dean’s ear. Dean sways back against the counter, drops the phone limply down by his side. The smell of his breakfast is abruptly making him feel ill. Cas cautiously puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Hi,” Dean says, completely abandoning the spanners he was arranging by size, and tilting his head back against Cas’. He feels Cas smile against his neck.
Dean laughs. He pulls back from Cas the little distance he can, chin tipped back as high as it can go, and he laughs. “No. Well, yeah, actually, but. No.”
Cas tucks Jack into bed, Dean fetches an extra blanket, and Sam makes sure there’s food and water for when he wakes, pulling up a chair beside him and unlocking his phone (which is brimming with texts, Dean sees, and god, he really is happy for him).
“Huh,” says Dean. “So, you’re still an angel, just… missing your mojo? I always thought of it as a prince to toad scenario.”
“We haven’t talked about Cas, about any of it,” Sam is saying, two days before Dean dies and three weeks after Cas did. Dean thinks it’s November, but he couldn’t really be sure. He’s just drifting on through time, homeless in this Cas-free world, and so he doesn’t give a flying fuck about what day it’s meant to be. Cas is dead, that’s all he needs to know.
“Look, it won’t—I’m not saying we do the whole, you know, big shebang, thing, but—we could, I don’t know, do dinner, or a barbeque, or something, with all the—with Sam and Charlie, and stuff, and Eileen, and Jack, and—and Claire, obviously, and Jody, and we could—yeah. If—I mean, if you want, yeah. Of course, dude.”
to come back from the dead, Dean would know, and getting hammered is far easier than trying to figure out a place in the world that moved on. Dean drinks only enough to let him deal with this, to convince himself that it’s actually no big deal, and to keep him from thinking about how this is going to work a week from now, a month. He doesn’t get drunk, because he’s learned it takes a copious amount of alcohol to get him there, and because he also doesn’t want to trip the switch into melancholy. Besides, somebody’s gotta entertain Jack.
Sighing, Cas drags himself into the land of the living, and plants a terrible kiss on Dean’s mouth. His breath tastes gross. It’s the best day of Dean’s life.
Dean flips him the bird, gets one in return, and goes to call Cas. And it does, honestly, feel kind of nice.
badly, huh?” he says, and pushes out a laugh. “Fair enough. I’m going to hit the hay, so, uh. Goodnight, I guess. Your usual room’s all ready to go. Had it done up just in case. You can holler if you need anything. Night.”
“This is why I live illegally,” Dean jokes, and Cas glares at him. He holds the phone away from his ear slightly, cupping his hand over the receiver, and says:
Jack tilts his head, considering it. “I could let go of Purgatory,” he says. “They are God’s creation, there’s no reason to treat them different. The demons, also, I could put to rest. After all, they were human too, once.”
That’s something Dean hasn’t thought about. He puffs out his cheeks, helpless, and makes a valiant effort for his eyes to reach at least as high as Cas’ collar.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, because it’s not like he could say anything else. Dean feels kind of delirious. The smile on his face feels shaky at best, a tremulous thing that almost certainly doesn’t convey a damn thing, or says too much. If too much is even possible, at this point. Honestly, Dean’s not sure he could ever say enough.
, make the bunker feel more permanent and less like they’re ghosts. Jo takes up hunting again immediately, Ellen going with her to watch her back (there’s gonna be some issues there, Dean can sense, because he’s sure Jo actually up and
Cas’ fingers twitch under his. “I want,” he says, and then clears his throat. “I want you to do something for you, Dean. Not for Sam, not for me, not because a greater force demands it. I want you to do what you want.”
give it to him. Cas is his best friend, and if he wants to up the ante, then Dean will match him for it, no doubt.
Half of Dean wants to let Cas keel over now and sleep his way out of it, and the other half is all wired up on the fact that Cas kind of sort of maybe did it for
“I mean, I’m— I’m real sweet on him, Sammy,” Dean says, honesty written into the volume of it, the way prayers are made hushed so as not to scare away the answer. He darts another look at Sam out of the corner of his eye, and shrugs again. “So, yeah. Me and Cas.”
Cas looks around, then back at Dean, brow furrowed. He moves his hand around a bit, kind of like he’s trying to cleanse Dean’s aura or something else stupid, and then, very quickly, he looks away, looking almost embarrassed. “I apologise,” he says. “I understand, now.”
“Thanks, Cas,” he says, probably a little too genuine, and feeling a little shy, all of a sudden. God, this is so fucking embarrassing. “All thanks to you, y’know.”
Sam shakes his head, but he’s going to be fine. He’s got Eileen and a life to live, and it’s the one thing Dean’s been trying to give him since forever, and it’s about time Sam got it. So long as he lets Dean go, so long as he doesn’t follow the well-worn rhythms and try to bring Dean back, he’s going to be fine.
Cas frowns, which was the goal. Any kind of reaction is usually the goal. “Yes,” he says, slow like Dean’s suffering a head wound. He might as well be. “Several.”
When they get back to the bunker, Cas gives the battered race car to Sam, who’s overly endeared by it, in Dean’s opinion. He’s also bought himself a collection of spoons with little pictures of places he’s been at the top. Dean got a kick out of that, picking them out and getting Cas to tell him about Florence, and Athens, and Birmingham. He likes listening to Cas talk.
is. It’s just. It’s the stupid fucking bracelet, is the thing. Dean likes men! He knows that! So what if he has a gay little bracelet announcing that to the world! The last decade of his life the world’s seemed to clue in instantly anyway, why shouldn’t he shout the damn thing about? Who the fuck cares?
Cas is rooted, frowning at the place where Dean’s hand latched onto him, a perplexed frown splashed across his face. “I’m in my vessel,” he says.
“Castiel,” says Jack, and explains the whole thing, both the Empty and Chuck’s defeat. Dean gets forgotten about almost instantly, which is honestly for the best, because he’s way too focused on trying really hard not to let his knees buckle, his head reeling. Cas is back and time is
“Oh, fine,” he says, and Jack beams. That’s almost worth it. “People are gonna think we’re in a boyband.”
“I’m already here, Cas,” he says, and clenches his jaw when Cas withdraws his hand, swaying again. He’s mad, he’s
“The Empty won’t be pleasant for you,” Jack says. “It’s not built to hold human souls. I’ll use the link to keep it asleep as long as I can, but
Because, see, if Cas needed Dean to, who even knows, become a fifties housewife in order to be happy, or become some fancy guy who wears a suit and works in sales, Dean’d do it. In a heartbeat, no questions asked. Oh, he might hate it, would probably grow to resent it, but god, he’d
Sometimes Dean says it just so that Cas will, which he knows is fucked up. This wasn’t one of those times, but it’s kind of nice that Cas delivers anyway.
, he can see that, he can), he cuts him off with an attempt to lighten the mood, scrubbing at the back of his neck. “You’d be a pain in the ass to divorce, you know that?”
Dean’s quiet as he absorbs this. It’s a good idea—hell, it’s a great idea, and long overdue. It’s a way of fixing things, making up for their past mistakes, and a place for these people they’ve dragged back from the dead. But Dean just—he doesn’t want to. Not even a little. He
suicide warning - around the middle, sam and dean talk about dean's recklessness in dealing with the vamps. it's pretty mild and sam makes dean promise to get help. im also not even joking when i say that me and my therapist have had the exact same conversation they have about feelings and mind/body disconnect. i pay 200 dollars a session and i use it to write fanfic <3
The Bluebird Diner Dean’s sitting in is a pretty nice joint, and Dean’s sat in enough of them to know. It’s the kind of place that tries really hard to seem like it’s been around a while, with old style posters on the wall and a jukebox in the corner, but it’s betrayed by the shiny new floors and undamaged plaster that screams
“Hey, kiddo,” says Dean, and plonks one down by his feet so he can ruffle Jack’s hair and check his temperature. “Up and at ‘em again, huh?”
“Ah,” he intones, solemn, peering at Dean’s shitty excuse for an artwork. He gestures with his wine glass, looking for all the world like a critic. “I see you’ve illustrated the Empty.”
He shrugs, the movement a little too loud in the otherwise quiet bunker, feeling his jacket bunch up around his ears. Sam’s confusion is a little too off-putting, too unexpected, and Dean feels pretty left foot, right now. It suddenly seems real important that Sam understands just what the hell Dean means.
He ignores it, the first time. It’ll either be a hunt or something else he doesn’t want to deal with, and he should be allowed to at least eat
“What did I tell ya?” says Dean, grinning when Cas’ eyebrows raise, and he reaches out a hand towards it, probably feeling Jack’s presence. The Empty doesn’t have any walls to shake, but Dean still gets the feeling someone’s turned on the tumble dryer, finding it harder to stay standing, and that’s their cue. “Time to go, buddy.”
, and that’s how he always feels, but this time it was— certain. The only option, as he’d told Sam, because Cas couldn’t just drop that on Dean and then expect Dean to never hear from him again. That wasn’t how the movie
“I wanna go to the beach with you, Cas,” says Dean, and Cas’ thumbs do some horrible fucking thing where they start gently stroking back and forth on his skin. Dean doesn’t whine, because he’s a grown up and he can handle a little human touch, but he thinks, there and then, that maybe Sam was right, and that faith is the best word for what this is. “See you in a stupid shirt with a little frilly drink, that kind of thing.”
“That’s not what this is about,” Dean says, even though it is. Sam rolls his eyes and tosses a packet of noodles Dean’s way.
“Um,” he says, and makes a sheepish little move like he’s putting up his hand to speak. “Sorry. But I think— I mean, what’s going to happen to you, Jack? Or the world, without a god?”
“It’s— I dunno, you’re the one who went to college.” Dean shifts on his uncomfortable fucking chair, looking away and squaring his shoulders. “It’s like a symptom or something, right? It’s like having physical symptoms of the feeling without the actual feeling.”
“I’ve got no idea what that is,” says Dean. “It sounds dirty. Are you looking at porn? Scratch that, I don’t wanna know. Am I obligated to tell your dad?”
Claire nods. She’s pretty freaking composed, if Dean says so himself. Looking at her now, it isn’t obvious that two weeks ago she was smashing in a windshield with a crowbar. He’d been pretty happy to let her do it; it was better that than her ending up like him, falling over drunk on a Tuesday. Better to let her get the rage out.
“And?” says Bobby, because he’s too damn shrewd for his own good, and eight years in the grave has done nothing to dull it. “You gonna join in?”
written on it (and Dean can figure out what that means, thanks, he’s not that stupid), he feels this weird sense of kinship even though she’s like half his age, and says, “Hey, neat. My boyfriend’s waiting in the car.”
Dean grins. The bunker’s pretty quiet, this morning: Sam’s out on his run and Jack’s already helped himself to his cereal, and nobody else seems that keen on getting up before nine. Dean wouldn’t either, if he could help it, but sleep is not exactly coming easy, right now. It’s fine, though.
They wander back through the bunker, footfalls loud in the silence, walking in tandem. Cas’ bedroom turns up first, and the door’s open, so Dean can see his trench coat where it’s draped over a chair, can see the stack of books he’s dragged up from the library. It does something, to Dean’s insides. This little golden glow flickers to life in his stomach, a
There’s dead silence. Dean’s hands are so sweaty that he’s a little afraid the ring’s going to slide off, and that can’t be a good omen.
of him, it’s a sacrifice he barely got time to think through. He tightens his hands around the wheel when this conversation starts up, glaring resolutely at the road like that will stop his ears from working.
“You sure about that?” asks Dean, and then looks at the table. “It’s just. I still don’t, like. I still don’t get why you’re not,
“Yeah?” says Sam. Dean gestures at his apron, this one with a pair of women’s tits splashed across the front, because he thought it was funny. Novelty aprons and novelty socks pretty much make up his wardrobe, at this point. “What?”
doesn’t, but he doesn’t want Cas to feel like he’s temporary, or like he doesn’t deserve things of his own. At the very least, he wants Cas to get that borrowing Dean’s stuff should be a
Cas pulls a tiny, fond smile. “It’s still there. That is, after all, my true form, like a human’s is their soul. The removal of an angel’s grace only strips them of their divinity— it removes our powers, so to speak.”
“Screw you,” says Sam, “And get on with it, I’m not coaching you through another breakdown, you’re an adult.”
), his hair sticking to his forehead. Something inside of Dean hitches at the sight, some weird flare of guilt and affection all balled up in one. He’s mid-yawn when Dean walks in, lugging the two grocery bags with him.
“Hey,” he says, when she goes straight for it, “what are you, a grease monkey? Wash your damn hands.”
Cas shrugs. “Strictly speaking, you are not currently in your body, either. Your mind is compensating for you based on what it expects to see.”
“Sure,” scoffs Dean, but feels kind of pleased all the same. Screw it, but it’s nice to be appreciated. “You only say that ‘cause you can’t boil water.”
He waves to Cas and Jack, and together they all cross the threshold into the house. Bobby isn’t even that surprised to see Cas alive again, which Dean guesses is a pretty standard measure for the shit they get up to. It’s
). Jack also gets to refer to it as having a sleepover, which is fucking adorable, Dean’s man enough to admit that.
“Yeah, okay,” says Dean, and Bobby seems to take the cue to switch the subject a little. He takes a swill of his beer.
So, after that things are a little better. Dean feels unfairly scraped raw, but Sam does a decent job of acting like nothing’s changed, and Dean’s grateful for that, at least. He regales Dean into joining him, Jack and Cas for movie night even though it’s late, which is fine, it’s cool, but it unfortunately means Dean starts thinking about Cas again, because he has to sit next to him on the couch.
Okay, so maybe Dean is in love with Cas. Hindsight is twenty fucking twenty, and everything, because he gets now how it is all so fucking
, bouncing around outside and bursting into waves when they get within her sights. She’s jumping up and down to get their attention and Dean’s out of the Impala in a second, leaving the engine still running, and he bundles up in her arms as she shrieks, seconds away from giving him a heart attack.
“Dean,” Cas says. Dean flushes. There has to be something he can say, he thinks. He can make Cas stay here, he
It’s already not a good day, because Mom’s meant to be coming back, tonight. Dean’s been letting Sam handle it, hasn’t actually spoken to her at all, because the feeling he got when he found out they weren’t the first place she came to was something he plans on never addressing ever. He’s since found out that Jack’s little resurrection accidentally dropped her on the other side of the country, which is kind of a good excuse, so it’s probably fine. So long as Dean doesn’t think about it, it’s fine.
“Oh,” says Jack. “That’s nice. Did you see Claire’s nail polish? Maybe I should get some. And she says I should listen to
“I understand that Mrs Tran is very happy to have her son back with her. I also gathered there was a large amount of swearing from Kevin.”
He rolls his eyes and throws a napkin at her, and then riles her up further by asking about school, and being kind of a dick about it when she says she wants to drop out and pursue hunting. They finish up eating and Dean drags them off in the direction of the closest tattoo and piercing place, because he
“I’m just saying. You basically said ‘hi’ and ran outta there before she could get a word in. Do you feel… weird about having her back?”
dry. The sun is hot on his skin, and his shirt collar is sticking uncomfortably to his neck, and the gravel is digging into his knee where it’s pressed to the ground. He looks up at Cas, way too nervous, and thinks of something Rowena said.
Dean shrugs, voice tight. “All of it, I dunno. Getting you killed, dragging you back here from eternal peace or whatever, putting you right back in the game—”
“The story is still playing out, Dean,” Jack says. “But it’s just the bones— hit the beats, and I think we can win.”
“I can’t,” Cas says, because if there’s one thing Dean’s learnt from a decade at Cas’ side, it’s that when they are fighting one of them will always find a way to make it worse. At least the fucker has the decency to look guilty about it. “If we break my deal, Jack dies, and I can’t risk that, Dean, I won’t. I’m sorry. This is the way it has to be. I knew that going in, and you should have accepted it.”
He opens his eyes and holds onto Cas’ shoulders as he gets righted, pulled back up so he’s no longer in danger of ending up sprawled on the floor. Cas gazes back down at him, eyes kind and patient and almost unbearably loving. He puts his hands on Dean’s face again, cradles it like he once did his soul, and Dean’s never going to move, not ever again.
Jo and Ellen have their own car, so they split up for the drive back, Baby leading the way and the two of them following behind. It’s almost anti-climactic, in a way, because it’s just a drive, even though Dean’s pretty damn stoked to be heading home. The most eventful thing is that Dean finds out that Jack is
goes pink. Claire scrunches up her face, glaring at them both like she can’t believe they make her suffer through this stuff. Dean’s actually kind of proud to have put the expression there. That’s his right, right? He’s basically her dad. Or her weird, survivalist uncle, at least.
“That angel’s got more sense ‘un the two of you put together.” He shoots another look Dean’s way, hidden under the beard and the cap, but still too damn discerning for his own good. If Bobby’s figured them out in less than twenty-four hours, that’s gonna suck. “How’s he fittin’ in to the grand plan, anyway? He sticking with you this time?”
Dean tugs the bracelet off the piece of card, in all its pink and yellow glory, and puts it on his wrist next to his watch. His big, clunky, manly-man’s watch with its face like an odometer, because if a man’s gonna tell time it better also be obvious that the man also gets up to his elbows in engine grease. You know, because that’s normal.
“Give ‘em a wash and chuck ‘em in the drawer,” he says, now, already crossing to it and clearing a space amongst the cutlery, and when he turns around Cas is smiling in that way of his where it isn’t really a smile, but Dean can see the intent behind it. It makes his chest hum, which isn’t out of the ordinary, or anything, but now the smoke-screen’s been lifted Dean really
“Where’s Jack?” asks Cas, but there’ll be time for that later. Truth be told Dean didn’t realise he’d left the room, and even now he doesn’t pull his eyes away to check. He just takes Cas at his word and gets to his feet, pulled to the bottom of the stairs like a comet to a magnet, or something else in a metaphor that actually makes sense. “Dean?”
, really, but now when he reaches for the carton his fingers twitch, and his hand drops loosely back to his side. He’s never questioned the store brand choice. Hell, it’s never
“It is weird,” he admits, and Dean can recognise that this is Bobby trying to make him feel better, open up himself so that Dean doesn’t feel so exposed, “seein’ you and Sam all grown up. I already missed so much of your lives, and now there’s a near decade to catch up on.”
“Nope,” says Dean. “There’s a salt and burn a couple miles South, but Jo said she’d take care of it. I’m all yours.”
It’s quick. Lord have mercy on his fucking soul, but it’s quick. He pulls back almost immediately, before Cas even has time to react, and it was close-mouthed and barely anything, really, but somehow it still makes a noise when they separate, and that shuts Dean’s brain off entirely. He’s all filled up with static. It was for Cas, probably, as a thanks for saying— what he did. Just something to make good on Dean’s whole promise that he can do this, and that it’s not weird. That he’s up for whatever Cas wants, that he can be what Cas needs. That’s why his heart’s racing, definitely. Cas blinks his eyes open like a tiny, newborn bird, swaying on his feet.
“Are you certain? I know you’re busy, and I imagine there must be things you have to do that I’m unaware of, and—”
“You know,” he says, “I was thinking, and, like, you’re probably gonna wanna, uh, head off, now, right? Now that God’s done for?”
“Hey,” says Dean, and fumbles his coffee cup. Cas is sitting in the same chair as he was last night, again with a freaking newspaper, studying the cartoons with more consideration than Dean thinks they deserve. “Uh, it’s like, one o’clock in the afternoon.”
“What, are you kidding?” asks Dean, in what Sam calls his dad-voice. Not his Dad-voice, which Sam would probably never mention even on their best days, the one that makes him flinch despite the six inches he’s got on Dean, that rips through their home like thunder and that Dean’s actively working to squash somewhere it won’t ever come out. The dad-voice is just what Sam calls it when Dean starts calling Jack
. She’s just a kid who got thrown into a life she didn’t deserve, who’s got to make the best of the shitty hand she’s been dealt. It’s suddenly really important that they find her a cool car.
“Dean,” he says, “I know that, over the course of your life, many people have asked things of you. I know that you hold yourself accountable based on what you can do to others. But I won’t ask you for this, Dean. I only want to see you happy, and following your own wishes and wants, now that you are able to.”
yourself to me to make me happy, not when it goes against your own wants. I still will live alongside you, and that is
Sam doesn’t ask, which is great, but he’s said enough that Dean’s pretty sure he knows. It used to bother him like hell, that he worked so damn hard to keep this his own and Sam burst right back into his life after Stanford with his gender studies classes and his weird little bedazzled jean shirt and started dropping shit like
Cas raises one eyebrow. Dean eats a fry to emphasise how absolutely not panicked he is. Cas rolls his eyes, and goes back to being absorbed in the phone, rattling off his drivers licence number and bank details. Now Dean thinks of it, maybe they shouldn’t have done this in a public place, but then again— they were out of bacon and due for a drive, and it’s not like there’s anyone sitting near enough to hear, anyway. He glances down at the paperwork again.
. Cas’ cheeks are pink and his eyes are bright, and Dean wants to kiss him. He really, really wants to.
Cas pulls away slowly, and doesn’t end up actually going very far. They’re doing what Dean might call really, really close talking, the side of Cas’ nose still pressed against his own, his hands still curled in Cas’ hair. His breath rebounds off Cas’ cheek and back to him.
“Hey, sleepyhead,” says Dean, when Cas’ head starts to droop into his palm, pushing past the guilt that crops up every time he remembers Cas is mostly human, because if he didn’t then nothing would get done, “how many eggs do you want?”
,” says Sam, and Dean thwacks him upside the head. He probably doesn’t even make a dent because of all that hair protecting it, but whatever. The sentiment stands.
Dean lets out a thin laugh. “Jesus, Cas. I dunno. I mean, this is what I’ve been doing my whole life, I haven’t had a lot of time for thinking long term. What do
He turns a stray plate round in his hands even though he wiped it dry over a minute ago. Can’t hurt to be thorough.
underneath him, and Dean thinks, in that second, that he’d give Cas whatever he wanted. There’s nothing he wouldn’t do, wouldn’t bargain, just to get them out of here and into the real world. Cas’ hands are hesitant on his back, stunned, and Dean’s thinking about maybe going along with this train of thought, when all of a sudden he gets shoved away, all one thousand tonnes of cosmic force leaving Dean reeling and unmoored.
On the positive, though, thinks Dean as Cas makes small talk, at least he can stomach the interruptions now he knows for sure they’ll be resumed.
about it. Not necessarily consciously, because, you know, he’s man enough to admit that he has some hang-ups about this kind of thing, and thinking it’s all gonna get inevitably taken away from him (and unlike most people he has a
, from when Eileen was doing it, but Dean’s throat clams up anyway. “She said it comes off easiest when you rub it in circles.”
“I should really clean that, huh,” he says, a thready tremor to his voice. Maybe he doesn’t have to reveal his heart to Cas after all; it’s right there in his hands already.
Bobby lets out a startled huff when Dean launches at him, breath knocked out of him. “Alright, alright, take it easy, I ain’t as young as I used to be. There you go, Dean. I got ya.”
have to talk about, and has him casting about to change the subject. “Hey, let’s go take care of Jack’s thing, huh? And get out of this barn. It’s giving me the heebie-jeebies.”
“Dean,” he says, calmly, and his fingers brush against Dean’s arms when he makes the quotation marks, “I love you, but if you... ‘no homo’ a proposal of marriage to me, I’m going to lose it.”
“I’ve tried,” Jack says, and Dean probably should’ve guessed that one. Should’ve figured that that would’ve been one of the first things Jack did once he was all hopped up on God-juice, but the downturn of Jack’s mouth doesn’t bode well for the outcome. “I couldn’t reach him.”
like he’s got a bit of an idea about what’s meant to happen here. He’s got Bobby in his head calling him an idjit, and Bobby had always been a pretty decent father. More like the kind of father Dean wants to be, anyway. He thinks about being a kid again, about what he wanted but never asked for, and does what he thinks he ought to, because he wants to make it better. He pulls Jack into a hug.
, he just decides to fuck around and find out. He wonders what Cas’ll think. Then he has another realisation, which is,
When Dean was thirteen, fourteen, they went to a bar. Well, Dad went, technically, and it was Dean’s job to sit with Sammy in the car with the doors locked and try and convince that kid that sleeping in the car was fun and didn’t completely suck ass. Sam had conked out in the middle of a sulk, because Dean’s convincing had started to wear thin even to his own ears, and Dean remembers sitting there in the front with his knees pulled to his chest, eyes wide and overlooking the carpark, counting who went in and who went out, convinced that Dad’d be next, or fifth next, or tenth next out. He forgets what Dad actually was.
“We exist on separate planes of existence, you are very often within my field of reality,” Cas says. “But, yes, you are currently enveloped within my true form. Surely you must have noticed that this place is entirely different to Earth. Things can and do overlap.”
“The beauty of life is in the living,” he says. “Of choosing who to love, what to do. It’s the day to day, the things beyond our control, that make it worth it. I see that now.”
Cas follows him back to his room, a tiny crease between his eyebrows, like he’s thrown by Dean’s behaviour. Dean doesn’t blame him; obviously he’s been fucking with
It pulls a surprised noise out of Cas, one Dean’s going to keep chasing from now until forever, and so he does the only logical thing, and winds his arms round Cas’ neck, grip sure and certain because like
Cas comes over and takes her abandoned seat not seconds after she left it, a little shaky on his feet, which Dean grins at. He leans in close, too close, and hums thoughtfully at the scribble ball Dean has produced, all the colours rolled into one, because he never claimed to be an artist. His thigh is solid where it presses to Dean’s.
“You too,” says the girl, and that’s that. Dean made a choice. Great. He fought God himself for free will, and he’s using it to buy
and reminds himself that he’s killed people and no one’s gonna fuck with him. They do a family trip to Sam and Cas’ organic market and Dean catches the old lady at the soap stall looking at it, smile tugging at her lips.
“Don’t Han Solo me, man,” he chokes out. “Seriously, Cas, are you—are you really gonna go with that? You’re gonna
He pays for the groceries and loads them into Baby’s trunk, bunching the weapons up to make room. It looks weird, the juxtaposition, so Dean slams the lid shut. He gets back in the driver’s seat. Starts the engine. He turns it off and goes back in for some different fucking orange juice.
Trust Sam to latch onto the practical side of things. Cas rests his hands on knees, thumbs twiddling, and Dean wonders if maybe this
“Yeah?” asks Dean, breathless, brain fried with static. They’re not meant to do this. It’s not meant to go this way. The Empty tickles the backs of his knees, working its way up his legs like roots, and he curls his fingers around Ruby’s knife, the wood worn and familiar under his touch, an old friend.
Cas kisses his shoulder, which requires no effort since that’s what his head’s smushed against. “There,” he mutters, low and gravelly, and Dean jostles him, pokes at his stomach. “Dean, I’m sleeping.”
smoother than Dean reckons it should. He wonders again how much of their lives were made so complicated and convoluted on purpose, to appease their shitty author God, when Jack can just
“Hey, it’s cool. I’ll swing up one weekend, we can go check out some dealerships. What do you think?”
“Oh my god,” she mutters, but cleans them in the sink, flicking water at him when she’s done. It gets all over Dean’s shirt, and Cas hands him the tea towel. Eileen nearly walks into the fridge trying to get around him. Sam’s trying to clear space for Jody. There are
“In and out,” confirms Dean, a nervous buzz of anticipation rocketing around in his blood. “I got it, kid. I’ll see you when we get back, alright?”
“Yeah, but.” Dean had kissed him, Cas’ fingers tugging in his hair, and lost his train of thought for a second. “Anything you want me to do, you tell me.”
, to be in a place where everything about it just wants to spit Dean right the fuck out. He can feel right down deep down in his bones that he isn’t meant to be here, and it screams at him loud enough to be a well-tipped hooker. An ancient, primal instinct is begging him to turn tail and jump right back through the portal, and it takes all of Dean’s willpower to keep his feet pointing away from it, to push on further into the limbo.
Of course. Of course. Dean is an idiot, of course he is, so it fucking goes and all that. He lets out a slow breath, muscles tense and shoulders hiking up, but he’s
stay here until you pull your head outta your ass and come with, don’t you think I won’t. What’ve I got to say to get that through your dumbass skull, huh? Jack’s
worse. It’s sunny out, Bobby’s waiting at the end, and Dean’s family’s in the car with him. He’s damn near
“Yeah, no, I get it. Sorry. I just— I wanna make this easy for you, Cas. I couldn’t, last time, and— yeah. Sorry.”
looking to. Dean’s forty, and all, but it’s kind of nice, to have Bobby around, so that he doesn’t have to carry it all himself. “Look, I know life ain’t been easy for you, for either of you boys, and I know these last few years have thrown a whole bunch of crap at you that I don’t even know the half about. But the way I see it? It seems like it’s about time you got a chance to do what you actually want.”
clips in Sam’s hair for a joke, sliding matching pink and plasticky friendship bracelets on his and Cas’ wrists, and he’s got this big smile on his face, telling a story about how nice the shopgirl was. Dean’s chest wells up.
than Jack choosing that moment to shuffle in, duvet wrapped around his shoulders like a cape. He shoots Sam a look to tell him this conversation is over, and Jack pipes up with:
“Yes, well,” says Cas, and fixes where Dean’s messed with the collar, lips pulling at the corners in this tiny, secret smile. “You’re very pretty when you flush.”
demands Dean, and gestures so violently that tea sloshes over the rim of the mug, over his hand and leg. He swears, and puts it down to the side. “It’s old fucking news, okay?”
Sometimes, lately, Rhonda crosses his mind. She makes her way to it fairly regularly, at least once a year, and it’s always this weird sense of burning shame and thrill of anticipation that builds up in him when she does. And like, Dean’s
, now, and Dean never thought he’d end up the kind of person who had a regular order, let alone a booth. He probably wouldn’t bother with it if it weren’t for the old hunter instincts that make him jittery if the exits aren’t in his sights, but the novelty is kind of nice regardless. Although, thinks Dean, looking at Cas opposite him, getting arrested for credit card fraud seems to be becoming less and less likely. A hasty retreat doesn’t look like it’s gonna be needed.
. It feels like a failure, like he’s failed some vague, unknowable test, just because he’s still in the same patterns as he was before they defeated God. Then he feels stupid for feeling like this, and keeps the store brand choice out of stubbornness. Neither feeling goes away. He just gets more and more tetchy.
Like hell. Dean’s not stupid, he hears the tiny inflection at the end of that sentence. Yeah, Jack’ll probably be fine if Dean elects to throw that thing in the back of his top drawer, never to be seen again until Christmas, but he’ll be better if Dean puts the stupid thing on. And
Well. Cas is drunk, for starters, so it’s up to Dean to shuffle him up to bed. He’s not falling down stumbling, or anything, but Dean feels totally guilty for letting him do this, because didn’t he
An adrenaline-fuelled grin breaks across Dean’s face, overwhelming guilt aside, and he gets to his feet properly, keeps one hand on Sam because that was a
“Cas,” says Dean, when he finally manages to snag him on his own, because for some reason now there are always
“Hey, man,” Dean says, and Cas, thank fuck, doesn’t say anything about Dean’s little breakdown. He has this horrifying thing now where even the slightest bit of tenderness sends him spiralling, and it’s embarrassing as fuck, but it also feels too good to quit. Like, he’s denied it to himself so long, or had it denied to him, and then Cas practically laid himself at Dean’s feet and offered to give him everything he wanted, and Dean couldn’t say no.
Because that’s the thing, in the end; Dean was ready to fucking go. Having no Cas sucked, and he was ready to dive headfirst into the Empty, drag Cas back out, and then let him know that those feelings he had expressed were more than freakin’ reciprocated, possibly in a way involving tongue. It’s not that different from a hug, when you get down to it. Except that then Cas got out and they kept moving, and sorting this out suddenly involves a discussion of the nitty gritty of Dean’s
Bobby grunts. That’s all he does, actually, and then he hands Dean a slice of supermarket-bought quiche, and that’s that. Dean feels himself relax, shoulders sinking under his jacket. It’s fine. He’s in love with Cas, and it’s fine.
He watches as Cas kisses Jack’s forehead, the hand with the bracelet coming up to cup the back of Jack’s head, tacky little charms clicking against each other. That dish he’s meant to be drying is dangerously close to getting snapped, because there’s something big and lonely and longing in his chest, which doesn’t make sense because his family’s under one roof and that’s pretty much the only damn thing he’s ever wanted, for all of them to stick around.
There was a— there was someone who went into the bar. Dean remembers. Barely remembers what they looked like, just remembers they were tall. They didn’t look right. Not like their skin didn’t fit, but like they were— too big for it, almost. And the lights hit the sequins on their jacket and Dean stared and stared way past what was polite, except he thought it might be alright ‘cause they were the kind of people you stared at, and he couldn’t tell if they were a boy or a girl and he thought— he thought they looked like a god.
“Maybe you should get one,” she says, in that tone of hers that is dead dry but also suggests she’s mocking him with how cool she is. Dean scoffs.
Cas must know more than he lets on, anyway, the bastard, because he swipes his thumbs up and down again on Dean’s skin in that absolutely devastating way, treasuring and adoring and like Dean’s something to cherish.
. Dean’s brain goes on the fritz a bit at that, but Jack breezes on without waiting for an answer, which is damn good, because Dean’s not sure he ever would’ve come up with one good enough.
The short answer, of course, is that it turns out that Jack, like his dad, can’t do anything without going from zero to one hundred real quick.
Dean’s sure there’s meant to be some spell involved, but maybe Cas took care of it, or maybe it’s different when it’s given up like this. He wraps his fingers over the top of Dean’s and wrenches the knife free, and his grace— his fucking
It’s nothing fancy, just a tin with a bunch of crap in it, and his mom’s ring. He hasn’t worn it in years, took it off when it became clear hunting was gonna keep going forever and fucking ever, and Dean was sick of having to dedicate time to cleaning and polishing the thing, of getting it dented and scratched up because he wasn’t capable of looking after a damn thing. Also, somewhere along the line it went out of fashion alongside those leather bands he used to wear, and it’s not that Dean’s ever cared about that shit, but he stood out, and he didn’t want to.
, and he’s pretty sure that it’ll be so overwhelmingly fond that to look at it will send Dean blind.
“Just— Google it. I’m probably giving you really shit answers. And, uh, if you ever—you know, if you ever want me to call you anything different, you just let me know.”
“I’m fine,” says Dean, and shoves his hands in his pockets, wrapping his fingers around Ruby’s knife. Cas’ grace has pushed him back to just suffering the blind spots, so he really
you want your house, or whatever, and you don’t need me cramping up your style, I get that, I’m just— I just kind of thought we’d… yeah. Yeah. I dunno.”
He looks down at his feet, eyes shining. “Something’s wrong, Dean. My powers are— temperamental. They’re hard to control, and harder to pinpoint. I’m still in the story.”
“Come on, Dean,” says Sam. “I know you’re tired of hunting. It’s pretty obvious. Just because it’s what I wanna do doesn’t mean you’ve gotta, too.”
to do, and it keeps him from thinking about Bobby and Charlie and everyone else, which he won’t be able to deal with until they’re right in front of him. He wants Cas to be happy. He wants Cas to experience humanity as best as he can, and it kind of feels like it’s up to Dean to ensure that, seeing as Cas basically gave up his grace
,” says Cas, relieved and punched-out as he turns whip quick and embraces his kid, slipping out from under Dean’s grip. Dean only manages to get himself online at the last second, only just manages to hold out from clenching his fist until it won’t be in Cas’ coat. Jack’s grin, when he buries it in Cas’ shoulder, is wide as the freaking moon, His eyes almost disappearing from how much they’re crinkled. “What did you do?”
, thinks Dean, suddenly, cutting his thoughts off, can he not have five fucking minutes of peace? Has his every line of thought gotta circle back round to his own goddamn issues? This is the therapy’s fault, he’ll bet anything. Fucking
“And, look,” continues Sam, like he isn’t tearing down Dean’s entire construction of the world and putting something new in its place, “with this system, you know, of hunters working together, it wouldn’t matter if you decided to step back. There’s be someone else there, you know? It wouldn’t be you and me looking after the whole world. You could do something else, and things would still be fine.”
Dean going to invest in a hex bag that wires his jaw shut, but at least that makes Cas’ eyes come up again, curious rather than irritated. Dean forces his shoulders to chill out. He can say this. It’s fine. Hell, it’ll probably make Cas’ week, considering, so. It’s fine.
“And thank Christ for that,” says Dean. The headache that had so briefly rescinded itself is coming back in full force, a niggling pain behind his eyes. “We’d have you reviving the whole freaking world. You bring back dead dogs, too?”
He shrugs as he says it, makes sure to throw in a bit of amusement at the end, like it’s a foregone conclusion, which he guesses it kind of is. He’s Dean Winchester, hunter. He doesn’t get anything else.
He would love to be fucking normal about this, he would. Literally, over the fucking moon. But he’s not.
Cas is on the phone for at least another fifteen minutes, not helped along by the fact that he’s trying to navigate speaking into the phone
burnt down to the ground, and I got Ellen fuckin’ Harvelle on the phone telling me her and Jo are alive and askin’ why all the papers say its 2020, and you and Sam ain’t picking up your damn phones.”
It shouldn’t be easy. Dean’s spent the whole of the last week fighting it, but maybe he knew, deep down, that this is where he’d end up. He always knew, actually, that he’d stick with Cas if he could.
Dean balls his free hand into a fist, and decides not to acknowledge him. Tell him something he doesn’t know.
“Ah,” says Cas, and a spark comes into his eyes, and he’s so infuriating, he really is, and Dean feels himself redden. “I did wonder about that.”
“So,” he begins evenly, after clattering about in the cupboard and pretending he doesn’t know where the tin is kept just so he can keep making noise. He decides to start small, and work up to it. “No more Heaven.”
“Dean,” says Cas, and Dean pauses, turning back. Cas looks like he’s having a war with himself. Dean’s reminded of the fucking stupid decision he made when they were
gasping with his real lungs, and stumbling forward into Sam’s arms, hands falling on his shoulders. Sammy catches him awkwardly, all the breath punched out of him from the force, Dean’s knees buckling under him.
“And you’re sure about this?” checks Sam, for what must be the thirtieth time, lore books spread wide on the table. They’re useless, because there’s hardly any lore on
), so it’s kind of… pointless. Sam and he are just fucked up enough that he doesn’t think they really care about each other anymore, not in, like, a normal sense of the word. They just are, and that’s whatever. Dean’s ignoring that, too, but it doesn’t change that he’s no longer concerned with whether or not he’s the cool big brother; Sam’s sticking by him whatever happens, whatever Dean does or doesn’t do, just like he is Sam. They’re way too messed up for anything else.
He leans forward with his elbows on his knees, scrubs at his eyebrows, and huffs a laugh. It’s all so freaking
“Aw, Sammy,” Dean says, and is relieved at how he manages to make that corny enough to cut through the weird undercurrent. “You too, kid.”
“Sometimes it isn’t about deserve. Their lives were ended cruelly, capriciously, because they interfered with your story in a way Chuck didn’t like. Now they have a chance to live on their own terms, like you. Isn’t that better?”
If it was too late in Purgatory, that means it’s too late now, and it can’t be too late now, Dean’s got to—
, which is basically just fancy parent speak for ‘kids copy what you do’, no shit. So Dean picks up after himself and asks how Jack is and just in general tries not to be such a selfish dick all the time, but it’s not like he’s doing that
His name gets pulled from Dean without intent, almost embarrassingly close to a plea. Cas’ eyes are closed, his face as still as if it were carved of marble, and Dean blames the Empty for the way he wants to fall to his knees before him. He doesn’t know why Cas is still in his vessel when no other angel has been, but he’s so goddamned relieved that he doesn’t care, just walks right up to Cas until he can fist his hands in coat, latch onto something
“Right,” Dean says, and hands him a plate. “I think we’ll be here a couple of days, at least. Gotta get Bobby and Ellen and Jo sorted, and meet up with Mom and Charlie, and someone should check on Kevin.”
, all high-pitched falsettos racked up too loud and bursting with a shock through the speakers, causing all four of them to jump. A chorus of groans fill the car, and Cas wrinkles his face in distaste.
“That wasn’t what happened,” he says, but it comes out a little uncertain, a little ragged. He grits his teeth, ramps up the bravado. “Sam—”
Because nothing ever properly works out in Dean’s life, it’s then that the Empty seems to realise it’s most prized possession is about to jet-hop out of here, and starts fighting harder against Jack, the ground wobbling underneath them. That, or Dean’s pushed their luck with the dilly-dallying. Either way, the high-pitched whining cranks itself up a notch, and Dean hurries them the fuck along.
“Yeah, well,” says Dean, and licks his lips, “maybe, I dunno. We don’t exactly have a good track record. This week being a prime fucking example.”
“I only wanted to right Chuck’s wrongs,” explains Jack, yawning, from the backseat of Dean’s car, about an hour and a half later. They had to carry him out to the car, still dead to the world, and so he’s propped up with a bunch of pillows and swaddled in a duvet, because it wasn’t like they could just
Dean grins at him, because he does shit like that now. He eats three fries at a time, talking around them in a way that makes Cas wrinkle his nose, and ask himself why the hell he lets Dean kiss him. Since Dean knows the answer to that pretty well, he’s not offended. “You’re ruining our date, man.”
and no time to do so. He wishes he’d come in with a plan. He wishes he’d thought about how to respond just
“Now, come on,” says Ellen, dishing out the vodka, “I mighta been dead awhile, but I remember you downing all those shots. You gonna prove you still got it, or what?”
It doesn’t really start with Jack. Like, it kind of does, but if Dean looks back on it, he guesses that maybe there were a couple of signs. His skin’s never really fit right, he’s known that since forever, but it’s not until he’s helping raise a kid with some degree of self-awareness that he realises just how badly he got fucked up.
“Yeah, Cas,” says Claire, who bitched and moaned her way into being allowed to drink, and who’s probably the clincher. “Don’t be a doof. I wanna see an angel of the lord get drunk.”
Dean clenches his fists in Bobby’s jacket, then sniffs and pulls back, because he’s a fucking man, and he’s not gonna have a breakdown about this, he
knows. He hasn’t thought about the love confession, not really, not beyond, you know, the general shittiness of it, and the grief that followed. Dean knows he loves him, he has for ages, because the dude’s family, after all. The non-related kind, obviously. Brothers in arms, war buddies, that sort of thing.
So the talk with Sam is not that helpful, except for the fact that Sam just kind of… doesn’t care. Like, maybe Dean’s putting words into his mouth, but that’s what it sounded like. He’s pretty sure he doesn’t understand that; can’t think of how anyone could walk around, especially not Sam with his eight-foot freakishness and his big shoulders, and not hear the drum of
That last one’s kind of disappointing, actually — Dean likes a place with character — but the food’s good (and cheap) enough that he guesses he’ll forgive it. It’s also only half an hour out from home, and that admittedly counts for a lot of points in its favour. It’s the perfect driving distance for him and Cas to venture to pretty frequently. Like today.
Sam lets out a little wet-sounding huff. His hands are clenched round Dean’s biceps so tight that they’re gonna bruise, and Dean feels guilt-ridden all of a sudden, because Cas is back and suddenly Dean doesn’t wanna die, he wants to
. At least his miraculous foresight when it came to Jack meant that there was duvet and pillows to bundle up with, but it still
Dean brings Cas a coffee, settling down beside him so Cas is in the middle of the couch; it leaves him able to put one hand on Dean’s thigh, and have the other ready to cover Jack’s eyes. This is a precaution they’ve deemed necessary— neither of them saw Betty’s striptease coming, and that is…
“Thanks, Jack,” he wheezes, and squeezes Sam’s arm. “Hey, I guess you don’t have to do this alone after all, huh?”
Cas squirms. Dean’s ears are buzzing like they were in the Empty, and apparently he’s going to have to go and get that checked out, make sure he doesn’t have any lingering damage from being squashed into a limitless point and visiting the zeroth dimension, because the regular quack doctor will be qualified for that. Just great. He’ll deal with it right after
. Cas is important. “I’ve never really asked, before. What happens to your celestial beam of intent?”
, and yanks Dean to another stop by virtue of simply stopping himself. Dean has no choice but to go along with it, since he’s flatly refusing to let go of Cas’ arm, and he probably should have figured out that Cas would use that to his advantage, since he’s exactly that sort of sneaky. “Answer me. What did this to you?”
in his damn house, and he can never seem to catch a minute alone (not that he’s really complaining, because they’re alive, and it’s awesome), “Would you stop walkin’ round like you got an axe over your neck? Is it about Mom? Talk to me.”
Jesus, if Cas tells Dean he had his gay awakening all the way back then, Dean is going to flip. That’ll be, like, just one too many things on top of his already overflowing load, and he absolutely
“I would take the last look at you, Dean,” he says. “Even if I were to turn to a pillar of salt for it, I would look.”
“Cas,” he says, when Cas has allowed him to pull him to his feet, hand warm in Dean’s own. Cas doesn’t let go, so Dean doesn’t either. Apparently this is it. “I gotta tell you something.”
, time included— but shit, if that isn’t getting exhausting. Cas keeps his eyes down even when they have to pass the angel corpses, which is probably a respect thing, so Dean copies him and does the same, though his is more of a keeping-himself-sane thing. Still. It makes him think about the fact that Cas is halfway in angel form right now, and is probably spinning rings around Dean as they walk, and that’s just another mind-boggling thing to add to the rest of them, and one he can’t really deal with. He wonders if the Empty is different enough to Earth that Cas could show Dean himself without the vessel, and then wonders if he even wants to see. He’s not sure he can handle another reminder that the guy he tricked into loving him is actually an immortal cosmic being who could crush him with his pinkie, no matter how curious he is. One thing at a damn time.
it’s not always so simple. I just think that if there was more information out there, then we could do right by everyone. Show a little mercy, for once.”
“Um,” says Dean. He’s not sure why it’s a surprise Cas wants to touch him when he is quite literally in love with him, but what-the-fuck-ever, honestly. Dean’s having a big day.
The world shakes. The Empty is everything and nothing and it’s all coming down into ooze, and Dean can’t fucking
Nobody else takes him up on the offer to come load up on groceries; Bobby’s busy on the phone with Garth, Jody’s off to work, Jack’s still conked out, and Sam is, apparently, on the phone with Mom. That’s a stone Dean is very deliberately leaving unturned, operating on little kid hide-and-seek rules. If he doesn’t look at it, it can’t see him. He’ll deal with it when she inevitably rocks up at the bunker, and as for Charlie, well. She’s a hacker. If she wants to find Dean, she will. After getting her killed like he did, he honestly won’t blame her if she doesn’t.
Bobby managed to scrounge up some crayons, so Dean’s sitting at what’s been deemed the kids table with his kid, drawing pictures while the adults fuck around with the heavy stuff. Jack’s pretty unbothered, because he’s still knackered from giving up his God-juice, but even so he gives up on his drawing pretty quickly and just watches everyone else in wide-eyed curiosity, yawning behind his hand. Cas tries to hang out with them, too, but he gets bullied for being a party-pooper.
“You better have a damn good explanation for this, boy,” says Bobby Singer’s voice, crotchety and alive and
you saying?” snaps Dean, and hates how fucking weary Cas looks, like this is old news they’re rehashing for no reason. Fucking excuse him, and all, but he learned about this two days ago, he’s entitled to some fucking clarification.
Cas gives him a look, satisfied that he’s won, the fucker. Then he tunes back into the phone and grumbles, exasperated. “They put me on hold again.”
He gestures and Cas squints, probably employing his angel twenty-twenty vision to get a better look, or something. Personally, Dean’s just glad the portal is back in his sights, and that they’re finally getting out. “That’s him, man. Turns out if you chuck a human in the Empty, you get another
“So, out with it,” says Bobby, “You’ve been twitchy ever since you got here. I’m freaking you out that badly, huh?"
“I think,” says Sam, and Dean doesn’t think he’s lying, “that all I ever really wanted was a choice. And you’re right, about, you know, Eileen. But she’s in this life, too, and that’s… yeah. I dunno. This just feels like the right thing to do. And I— I
“Peer pressure is not an incentive,” he adds, and that cracks Dean up. Cas is back and Jack is back and Bobby and Ellen and Jo are
“They’re going to mail it to me,” says Cas, delighted, and Dean grins, feeling his eyes crinkle at the corners. Cas grins back, and Dean finds he doesn’t even mind about the last name thing. Cas chose it. He’ll take that any day.
Jack shakes his head. “I didn’t want that to happen,” he says. “I didn’t— I know I promised to be hands off, but I would’ve— I wanted to help, I really did, but—”
“A nephil, huh?” Bobby says, eyes flicking between him and Cas, and Dean feels the back of his neck heat up.
“Okay, okay,” Dean says, and pulls the fry pan off the hot plate. “Jeez, let’s avoid the hangovers for a while, deal?”
Dean’s expecting it, but it still does something to his insides. He shoots a nervous look at Jack, who’s fishing out a red flavoured skittle from his snack bowl, but the kid just seems to take it in his stride.
“The dad, man. With the apron. Letting his old lady walk all over him. Dude was the wife in his own house.”
Dean shakes his head, huffing out a bitter laugh. “Yeah, I don’t— yeah. Apparently. I mean, it’s not, like— angels don’t really go for, like, labels, I don’t think, but, yeah. I’m his gay thing.”
Dean swallows. “Well, we’re happy to have you,” he says, and then turns on the radio before another bombshell gets dropped. He forgets that it’s still tuned into one of Cas’ Top 40 channels, like it has been the last three weeks, because Dean convinced himself that switching it over, when Cas was last to set it, would be the same as jinxing his shot at getting him home. He changes it now before Cas can notice.
Jack doesn’t look reassured by this; there’s a furrow in his brow and his eyes are glassy, which might be a side-effect of the weird hallucination filter Dean’s got to be seeing him through, or might be a sign he’s going to cry. Dean thinks about being a kid and waiting for his dad to come home, never knowing if he was going to or not, or what he was going to bring back when he did, and feels kind of sick.
will handle it. . It’s not about the nail polish. It’s about the other people. Dean doesn’t want anyone saying fucking anything to his kid, and he’s got this burning need to tell Jack that he can’t be vocal about this kind of stuff. He can like Claire and her nail polish, whatever, but he can’t be loud about it. They’re in frigging
one, before, but now Dean has free will, or something, and he guesses that applies to the little things as well as the big, and that means this is
“Heaven,” Jack says. “Sort of. It’s hard to explain, but I think something’s gone wrong. I messed up, Dean.”
Dean was thirteen or fourteen, and when he was nineteen, he wore a girl’s underwear because she asked him to. When he was twenty three he met Cassie, and she was awesome, she rocked his fucking world and it was almost stupid, how fast he fell for her, how she made him feel safe even though she took one look at him and figured out he wasn’t the rockstar he was pretending to be. She laughed at him and teased him and let him put eyeliner on her when he was complaining about how long it took her and was convinced he’d do it better, and he didn’t do a half bad job, in all honesty, and when she smiled and asked to do his it didn’t feel like a trap. It even felt kind of nice, so he let her put her hands on his jaw and tilt it this way and that so she could see better, and he didn’t look half bad, either.
“I’m not leaving,” he whispers, and he won’t. So what if the Empty wants Cas? This time they’re coming as a package deal. The Empty starts to skulk over his feet, gurgling, and Dean opens his eyes, because if he’s going out for good, then he’s going out looking at Cas, everything else be damned. Cas turns to him, cogs turning behind his eyes, and grabs at Dean’s arm, slightly desperate.
He leaves them to it and dumps the groceries in the kitchen, then goes off to find Sam and bully him into helping. Sam, probably because Dean almost died-for-real two days ago, or maybe just because he’s a good person, dutifully comes and gives him a hand. They close the door off to the lounge so as not to disturb the three couch potatoes, and Dean chews on his tongue as he tries to find a way to broach the topic.
“Fair enough,” says Dean, and at least that’s one item crossed off his list. “I’ll go shopping after we’re done here, then. You wanna come with?”
“No,” says Cas, and shakes his head. “I would have lived alongside you as we were, for however long you would have permitted it.”
“Dean,” says Cas, soft, and Dean grits his teeth. He swears the portal should be closer, by now. Forget escaping the Empty, he wants to escape this conversation. “How long?”
Dean’s head is really starting to hurt. The dark spots in his vision eventually go full hypnosis-mode on him and turn into revolving spirals, which makes seeing where he’s going totally impossible. That’s about the time Cas notices, probably because Dean’s stumbling gave it away.
The handprint has dried, a dark stain that’s hardened up the fabric, makes it unyielding in Cas’ hands. Dean doesn’t even know how he found it; it’d been rolled up and shoved into the dark blindly the second Dean finally found it in himself to take it off. Cas fits his hand over the mark, marvelling, and Dean’s blood pounds in his ears.
Baby’s the only car on the road, or the only one worth watching, anyway. That tunnel Dean’s spent his life driving down is starting to feel pretty damn literal; although he guesses it’s more accurate to call it a barrel. Part of him wishes someone would just pull the freaking trigger, because it’s not like he doesn’t know how this ends. He knows what’s got to happen. He figured it out before he even got up off his knees in the bunker, a walking corpse for where Cas left none.
“Anything,” Cas says, and Dean breathes out hard, sliding his hands round to Cas’ hair, because he wants to. It feels great. Again, Cas might’ve been onto something, with this.
“No, he doesn’t,” he says. “How many times’ that son of a bitch died, huh? Too many to count, and he always comes back. No point mourning someone we’re gonna see again.”
“Of course it’d be the yelling,” he says, squeezing his eyes tightly shut. He lets Cas hold him and his weak old-man knees up, because this is the first time Dean’s been able to breathe in three fucking weeks, and he feels lit up like a damn Christmas tree, everything crashing into him at once. “Never mind all my sweet, tender nothings, it’s me fucking
Cas frowns. “I said I knew that you loved me, Dean. It’s never been implied that you wanted to act on it.”
Cas is nervous about her coming back. It gets more obvious as the hours progress, because Mom isn’t getting in until late, and he keeps sending Dean looks whenever he thinks Dean won’t notice, like he’s trying to solve a really complicated puzzle. For a while there, Dean assumes it’s because of the whole bed sharing thing (which was fine, they’re adults, they can do that if they want! It’s not weird!), and then he realises that it’s because Cas is waiting to be kicked out, and that
“So,” says Dean, and his voice comes out rasping, the same way it sounded after that drive from hell, like he’s spent nine hours mourning. “Are you— you’re through the portal.”
“I’m only saying hello,” she whines, but is quick to go back to beaming, absolutely fucking radiant. Dean rolls his eyes and catches her in another side-hug, kissing her temple. She giggles.
“Your knowledge of music playing technologies is sorely outdated,” replies Cas, to Dean’s delight. “I use my phone, obviously. The only cassette tape I have is yours.”
He tosses it in the cart and keeps going, getting whatever else he thinks they might need for their stay at Bobby’s. He can’t see it lasting for longer than a couple of days, but that’s still at least six meals and seven mouths to feed. He wants to go home and deal with this on his own turf, but until then…
Cas, the bastard, just squints at him. Dry as anything, he says, “I believe it often occurs as part of marriage.”
. What does picking the store brand say about him? That he’s stuck following through on old motions, not daring to go after something better? That he should just grow some balls and take the goddamn leap?
“Forget it,” says Dean, suddenly, and runs his hand across his face. The ringing sound is picking up, like that sound effect they use in movies after an explosion, and soon enough they won’t even be able to hear each other over it. “We can talk about this later. We need to hurry up and go before the thing wakes up properly— we’ve already been here way too long.”
, and Cas’ circadian rhythm is going to take a while to settle in, so he’s up too, looking a little worse for wear. He’s still in his suit, because Dean is a fucking idiot who didn’t think to offer him clothes, blinking slowly and steadily as he chugs down his coffee.
inspired black nail polish and become God instead. At least Claire only became a lesbian. Dean clears his throat.
, seriously, she can’t be older than Claire, and Dean feels every single part of him seize up, transported back to that stupid store, with the hellhounds on their case and Jo’s blood on his hands, and she gives him the pitying-est look he thinks he’s ever received.
“Hiya, Sammy,” Dean says, and coughs. He punches twice on his chest, trying to dislodge the back-from-the-dead side effects, wheezing horrifically. “Hey, turns out I got friends in high places.”
