“Is that so?” Aaron stepped out from behind Sam and leaned into the gate. “How’re you gonna do that?”
Ruby made a soft sound, then curled one hand around the back of Sam’s neck, pulling him closer. “And they will forgive you once you saved them all.”
“No,” Dean said, “but that shouldn’t stop you. I’m only gonna say this once-- and I’m gonna deny it if you ever bring it up-- so you better listen now. You’re all grown up now. You can make your own decisions.”
“We talked about it today,” Garth said. “We hoped to find Dean here. He always hangs back for extra training.”
“I am stone cold sober, little brother.” Dean shoved Sam’s calf. “Now scoot.”
“Stay,” Dean whispered.
Sam laughs harder.
“Who said he’s goin’ alone?” Benny appeared between Sam and Ash, a shameless smile on his face. When Sam and Ash turned to him with annoyed expressions, he shrugged and said, “If you don’t want people chimin’ in you shouldn’t be havin’ arguments in the middle of camp.”
“Heaven’s using hellhounds now?” Castiel reached back with his free hand, touching Dean’s elbow. Castiel needed him to remain still.
Dean draws devil’s traps under the rugs in his house. He leaves salt lines on the windowsills. He keeps a gun under his pillow. He never leaves the house without a silver knife in his pocket. Sure, he's out of the game but that doesn't mean he stops taking precautions.
“End of the Realm?” Garth covered his mouth, aghast.
Castiel looked up in time to see the flash of light behind Balthazar’s eyes. He did not move in time to avoid the wave of power. He was not prepared to land face first in the dirty snowbank.
“A little,” Castiel said. He dug into a pouch on his belt, producing two coins. He slid them across the bar top. “This should suffice.”
“Metatron.” He made no effort to hide his revulsion.
Dean helped Cas sit up. Cas's head moved all around and, for a second, Dean thought he might swivel it a full one hundred and eighty degrees. Cas could be pretty birdlike sometimes. Maybe he was owlish, too.
“He did
“Well, I mean, I never see you at the dining hall so I figured you never get the good stuff and I thought, maybe--” Dean stopped because, once he found the courage to glance at Castiel, he saw an expression on Castiel’s face he could not describe.
Castiel waited until the sounds of struggle subsided. He waited until the swearing started. Any more waiting and other Creatures would investigate, so it was time for Castiel to finish the job.
Sam was fifteen and already more restless than Dean. Four years ago, at the spring festival when the village was filled with people from all walks of life, Sam met a woman. Her name was Ruby-- dark of hair and darker of eye-- and she had given Sam a book. Sam spent years painstakingly pouring over it, the only one of its kind in the village, trying to find the meaning behind the symbols splashing across the pages in black ink. Not many people could read in the village and none of them well, but Sam went to them all to parse out the meaning in that book. The villagers shook their heads, a smile on their lips when they spoke of his intelligence, saying he was destined for great things.
"Took you long enough," said Sam.
Sam did not know what to do. From what he could see through the yellow haze, the room had no doorway. There was smooth stone as far as he could see. He pressed a hand against his head wound. It bled.
“And you better come visit us. You gotta bring your kid to meet their uncles.” Dean leaned back and crossed his arms. “And you better remember: I’m the older brother. That means you gotta listen to me.”
Dean blinked. Castiel blinked. They blinked at the same time.
Huge rose bushes, ones that could never exist upon the Realm, towered over the rest of the flower field. Every branch-- every patch of green-- held red flowers. There were so many of them, Dean fretted that the branches would break under the weight. The bushes stood proud, even sprouting a few more red flowers as Dean watched. Dean need not have doubted its strength.
Baby Cas's expression didn't change. He grabbed hold of one of Dean’s fingers with his whole hand and squeezed with all his might. Baby Cas, even as an angel, only possessed baby strength.
There was only one bed.
The Captain steepled his fingers and leaned over his desk, face expectant. Dean squared his shoulders, sitting tall in his hard backed chair, and tried-- and failed the first few times-- to come up with something to say. He had not expected to make it this far.
"Yeah." Dean licked his lips. "So, uh, what do you think? I got a guy who owns a construction company who owes me about five favours. It'll take a while but I wanna build you a house. I wanna fill it with plants and lamps and windows to let the sun in so you'll never have to be afraid of the dark again. I wanna—"
Tilting his head back, Sam released a frustrated sigh and said, “Fine. I did. You know why? Because you don’t talk about it.”
“Mother,” the Leviathan cried out, all their voices joined as one.
“Last chance.” Dean leaned in, his sword drawing a line against the werewolf’s skin. “Where. Is. The Angel.”
“There are just
“What do you mean?”
“Pamela. Aaron. Garth.” As soon as Castiel spoke their names, all chatter ceased. “Head to the training grounds and run through your warm-ups. I will follow you shortly.”
“You speak nonsense,” Castiel said.
For the first time in the meeting, Kevin looked up from his papers. He stared for a moment, then stuttered out a few sounds before giving up and searching for a page in the middle of the stack. With a terse, “here,” Kevin handed it to Balthazar.
“I didn’t.”
"Losing sleep?" Castiel asked. "You should take better care of yourself. You're human. You need to rest."
“You will? Uh, I mean you should!”
"Captain Singer," Castiel said, observing the Captain's tired eyes and wild hair.
Cas kissed Dean’s forehead, his arms still draped over Dean’s shoulders. “Sam says hello.”
"Yeah?" Dean's cheeks became so hot he knew he was the colour of a tomato. "You like it?"
And that was that.
“Yeah. Like intense? I mean more than usual. His eyes are bloodshot. He looks like he hasn’t slept in years,” Garth said.
"Just deal with 'em." Dean sat in his seat and sipped his drink.
Dean had that dream a lot.
Castiel detected sarcasm. "They were sinners."
Dean doesn’t understand until Cas opens his fingers.
Dean almost sobbed at the sound of Cas's familiar growl. "Hey, buddy."
“Hey, Sam,” Jessica said, waving a bottle of wine. “I heard you had a bad day.”
With one final quirk of an eyebrow, Jessica opened the door and disappeared behind it. Dean was left alone. The door did not answer his question either.
“Seriously?”
Castiel appeared to be dangerously close to dislocating his neck. “Retire.”
"I thought you hated that."
During the short pause where Dean and Victor stared at each other, astonished, Castiel glanced between the two men. If Victor had not sheathed his sword a second later, Castiel would have disarmed him. He did not care if Victor was a friend. He did not like anyone threatening Dean.
The contact draws a deep groan out of Cas. He teases Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth and deeps the kiss. There’s no more space between them. They’re as close as they can get with their clothes on. They hold each other, cling to each other, try to occupy the same space because neither knows when they will have another chance to do this. Both of them want this to last.
“What do you have in mind?”
Aaron stared back. "You don't?"
Charlie’s red hair stood out from the crowd. When Dean looked closer, he saw her embrace a woman with blonde hair. When the blonde pulled back, holding Charlie’s hands, Dean realized with a jolt that she was Jo. A few seconds later, when Pamela joined them and placed a kiss on Charlie's and Jo’s lips in turn, and took one of each of their hands, Dean’s jolt became a total shock.
Dean sighed and retreated into the forest. The healers’ camp was well-hidden amongst the trees. It was fully stocked and set up, but Ash still directed the healers to double and triple check that everything was in place. When Dean and Sam returned, Ash shouted Sam’s name and insistently motioned for him to come over.
"Dean?"
Cas stroked his chin, his stubble rasping against his fingers, as he stared down at the packets. He deliberated for so long Dean’s arms got tired. Finally, Cas plucked the middle packet out of Dean’s hand.
They called him the Knight.
“I never asked you to.”
“I don’t know.”
Because, even without seeing Dean, Castiel's deepest truth, his most secret of secrets beat with his heart, rattled at his ribcage, and danced along his tongue leaving behind the sweetest taste.
Talking about Sparky makes Cas smile. Dean likes it when Cas smiles. This way, Dean forgets he’s in the middle of the Empty and not hanging out on the bunker’s couch, talking about random things with Cas while a movie plays in the background. It’s nice. Dean allows himself the fantasy, for a little while.
Sleep came easily. So did the dreams.
“Thank you,” Castiel said. “You don’t have to do that.”
“I know,” Sam said, “but you got a pretty hard job yourself.”
A fallen star.
Castiel reached the front of the crowd, where the stage was set, but he did not step onto it. He turned to face the recruits, some standing while others kneeled, all of them speaking out in confusion. Castiel scanned the faces, watched the chaos his title created, and took a deep breath.
“I am aware.” King Adam folded his hands in front of him and focused on Castiel. “There must be a way in.”
Castiel blinked. He did not usually notice that sort of thing.
Dean sighed, his breath warm against Castiel's skin, and kissed Castiel. Dean was soft, sweet, hesitant. He held back; Castiel could feel the hum of desire under Dean's touch. However, Castiel would not push. He wanted His Dean to ask for Him, to give in of his own free will.
Castiel did not know what the Metatron planned. It would not be good. Nothing the Metatron did was good. He thought back to everything in that conversation and came to a decision. The humans. The Metatron wanted to do something to the humans.
“Cas!” Dean shouted.
The shadows moved behind the trees. The leaves rustled. The dirt showed the impression of paw prints.
"What?"
But he could be alive.
“You are the only person to whom I will kneel.” Castiel touched his fingers to Dean’s chin, forcing him to look up. There, with their faces so close their noses touched, Dean could see everything-- every thought, every emotion, every feeling-- written in Castiel’s eyes. Running his fingers along Dean’s jaw, Castiel whispered, “You know why.”
Sam instantly went into work mode. He waved one of the warriors over and instructed her to hold the torch high. Sam checked Castiel for any signs of distress.
"I don't understand why you would be angry about a lack of casualties," Castiel said.
“I know you don’t trust him,” Castiel said, holding Dean’s one hand in both of his own, “but you trust me. He’ll arrive.”
“Shit, Cas,” Dean said. “I-- I don’t know where to start.”
The fighting went on for days, or weeks, or months. Sam could not be sure. His days passed in a flurry of activity. He saw countless patients. He stitched up their wounds, set their broken bones, and tried to keep death at bay. He was not always successful.
“You won’t,” Castiel said.
Ellen put her chin in her hand, angling her head at the best see Castiel's face. “You know, he told me a lot about you.”
Dean did not hear him.
"Yes. Love is one of the most powerful forces in the universe and you are made of it." Cas paused. Dean wondered if Cas was thinking of the confession in the bunker’s dungeon, too. "The grace in my ashes intertwined with the love in your heart as you planted your seeds. The forget-me-nots bloomed so fully and spread so far because—"
"Why?" Castiel tilted his head, trying to find the meaning behind Dean's wide eyes. "I'm doing this for you. It's a gift."
The third time, they moved in sync. Castiel licked at the seam of Dean’s lips. Dean opened to him eagerly. Castiel gripped Dean’s hair and pulled their bodies together, like he could not get close enough. Swept up in the intensity, Dean ran his hands over Castiel’s hips, fingers running under the hem of his shirt to be rewarded with smooth, hot skin.
“Who’s next?” Benny asked.
In the early hours, a time too dark to call morning but too light to be night, Dean awoke on his bedroll, which he had laid out on the cabin's bedroom floor. Dean had left the actual bed for Castiel but it was empty. It took a moment for Dean to notice, as he was checking his hands to make sure they were not burnt by the fire in his dreams.
“That’s not--” Castiel licked his lips. “I have no doubt you will. I only--”
Sam stood, searched for the nearest person who needed help, and headed toward them. Andrea followed. With the extra set of hands, Sam’s work went smoothly. He could only hope that the rest of the battle would go the same way.
“Do you now?” When Castiel did not answer, Dean continued, “‘Cause I could teach you, if you want.”
Dean did not answer.
When Dean returned from Purgatory, he was sat before an audience and forced to give his statement. He felt like he was on a sick parade, made to recount over and over again the status of the Angel before he had a chance to process it all himself.
When Castiel walks away, there is a stuttering, high pitched ring. It comes from all around, from all the beings hidden in the white. Sparky joins in. Dean can’t help but think it is teasing laughter.
Castiel stood up, leaving Dean to stare up into the blue sky. Dean let him go. He stayed behind, trying and failing to control his body’s heat. So focused on that, he never once stopped to think about what that promise meant, about why it was so important to Castiel he made it.
Castiel nodded and beckoned Dean to follow. Dean stood with Castiel, side by side, before the portal. The hair on Dean's arms raised in response to the energy in the cave. Castiel nodded to Meg, then turned his gaze on Dean. He said nothing, but Dean knew that Castiel was offering him one last chance to back out.
“You deserve that. You deserve to be happy.” Castiel turned the doorknob. “I’ll check us out.”
He was fortunate that the tattoo parlour had a cancellation. Most clients had to wait months, or so the man at the front desk told him.
"How long have we known each other, Bobby?"
“Why, Charlie, that sounds suspiciously like a compliment.”
As he's mixing in more flour, two pairs of feet rush past the door and down the hall. A door slams and Dean smiles. Good for them.
For the first time since his return from the Empty, Dean checks his phone. There are messages, a
He was here. He was whole. He was okay. He was okay. He was okay.
And he could smell smoke.
“Why not? I’d hurt you. Shit, I have.”
Dean chucked. “I said a lot of words. I bet that was one of them.”
“You never asked.”
“I can use my powers however I want,” Cas says. “I am the Father of God, after all.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You stabbed my brother.”
“You don’t have to give me any resources,” Aaron said. “I got a company on its way to pick me up in a few days. At least, according to this letter.”
Doctor Sexy squinted and didn’t speak for a moment. He shook his head and continued down the hallway, half-carrying Dean.
At the island's edge, the river split in two, spilling into an unmoving grey pool that stretched further than the eye could see. Castiel lowered himself to his knees and leaned over the water. He could not see his reflection. He dipped his hands into the pool, cupping the water in between his palms and brought it to his face. The water dripped down his face and wet his beard.
Castiel’s expression did not change, nor did he look away from the fire. He did not raise his voice. However, the edge in his words, sharper than his sword, made Sam and Charlie sit up and listen. “It is not a burden I share lightly. Believe me.”
The two heartbeats of Sam and Bobby were slow and measured, the rhythm of deep sleep. Good. Alone in the darkness of the kitchen, Dean and Castiel would not be disturbed. The fact that Dean called Him in the early hours of the morning, sober and with his family asleep, meant Dean did this of his own volition. It was an encouraging development.
“Oh, nice,” Dean said, his voice heavy, “so you just flap off to-- what?-- get a new wardrobe or something?” He grabbed a bottle from the table and drank what was left of the liquid. He wiped his mouth and leaned against the table, staring at Castiel. “Since when did you use doors anyway?”
“Hold up.” Sam stumbled over his words. “Hold up. You’re saying that and yet you’re mad people think you should ask him out?”
“The Metatron. He wants to write your story. I’m supposed to tell it. I don’t want to. But, when I refused he--” Kevin pressed the back of his hand against his mouth, suppressing a sob. “He took my mom.”
“We’re gonna be parents.” Jessica let her tears fall. “So you better come back to me-- to us-- in one piece. You hear me?”
"Yes. It feels…" Cas closed his eyes and tipped his face to the sun. "Holy."
“Oh, uh, It’s just me,” Aaron said. “But thanks, Your Majesty.”
“Uh, sure,” Kevin said, his eyes wide as he watched Sam pace around the shop, “sounds fun.”
“I don’t care about the Angel stuff,” Dean said. “I don’t need-- I don’t
It was just like that. It was just that easy. It was just a soft little peck on the lips and yet it was everything.
“I wish to inform you that I will be away for the next few days.”
At the back of the procedings, Sam held Jessica in his arms, his grip tight, like he wanted to make sure she could feel him long after he left. Dean and Castiel gave them some privacy.
They spent the rest of the day digging holes in the soil, planting seeds, and running to the brook to fill Cas's new watering can. They didn't talk much, but they fell into an easy rhythm as they worked together, planting rows of sweet peas in a place Cas assured Dean they would grow.
“You sure? It’s a long story and some of it is up to Cas to tell you.”
A knight entered the room. She stood at attention, her armour ill-fitting on her small frame.
"Hey, Cas," Dean managed to say, his voice higher pitched than usual, "Sam told me you were up and around."
Castiel kicked aside the werewolf and headed back into the forest. Werewolves travelled in packs. He would try again on the next one.
It scared Sam, but he did not intend to stop. Ruby came by every week. Every week Sam would drink the sanguis. Every week Sam would become more powerful, more in control, more intelligent. At least, he did before Ruby disappeared.
The procession continued through the training grounds and the king, in the difficult stages of his teenage growth, struggled to stay aside his white steed. Even after four years on the throne, the boy still felt the need to put on an ostentatious display. More and more horses poured out of the castle, each one bearing gold banners and intricate saddles, and Castiel knew that the stables were left empty.
Careful to avoid the training ground proper, Castiel headed back to the castle and to his room. At this hour, Dean would be training his second batch of recruits. Castiel walked past Dean’s empty room, feeling vaguely guilty.
“It’s okay, man. Rome wasn’t built in a day and I bet the afterlife wasn’t either.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Charlie flexed her arm. “All this hammering’s making me buff. The ladies love that. Well, I better get started on next month’s gear.” She smiled at Castiel and waved. “Nice meeting you, Cas!”
"Changed? What are you talking about?"
"Because you're not."
“A moving chair,” Sam said. “That way, you can get around even without legs.”
Dean set Castiel on the cave floor and propped him against the stone wall. Dean rummaged through his pack, his meticulously packed belongings clattering to the ground as he threw them aside. With little more than an annoyed huff, Dean produced his new and improved ‘Dean-aid kit,’ courtesy of Sam, and returned to Castiel.
When they parted, Dean smiled. “I am such a bad influence on you.”
“I choose to blame humanity.” Balthazar moved closer to Castiel. A bad idea, letting him get so close, letting him reach out and touch Castiel’s cheek. Castiel did anyway. “You know, I always thought you’d look good with a little scruff. I was right.” Balthazar dropped his arm. “I meant it. In any other circumstance, it would have been good to see you.”
Cas doesn’t let Dean leave. He tangles his hands in Dean’s hair and returns the kiss. Cas opens to Dean, invites him in, and he accepts it eagerly.
Dean did not understand what was happening, not entirely, but he did see the undisguised grief in Jousha's wet eyes. "Are you ever wrong?"
"And why would I do that?"
"Look." Castiel shoved a piece of paper into Dean's hands, jabbing a finger against a passage. "C-A-S-S. Where did he get that extra letter?"
“It means,” Billie says, readying her scythe one-handed, “we’ve been guiding you along this path the whole time. We wanted you to do exactly what you did. We wanted you to end up here.”
It did, however, matter a lot when he pushed off Dean and rolled onto the other side of the bed the instant they were done. He never even bothered to say goodbye when Dean left.
The troubadours must have been near out of breath with how slow the procession moved, forced to play the same shrill notes over and over again as they marched. The recruits watched the display. All this ceremony was for them, of course, to reassure them that they would fight for a great nation. King Adam glared when he saw Castiel. As the procession passed by, Castiel felt the king's anger at the standing Angel, refusing to wear the armour the servants left in his room.
Ellen glanced between the two men, her hair flying as she moved her head. “What are you talking about?”
“Dean.” Castiel spoke the name aloud to process it and to figure out if the person before him was real.
And each and every time, he didn’t feel so lost.
When Castiel wrapped his hand around his sword’s hilt, it flared. If one did not know the inanimate nature of swords, one may call its brightness joy.
"The Angel hasn't been seen in years. When I saw his sword I thought he--"
Dean’s babbling was cut off with a hand to his shoulder. Benny knelt over Castiel’s head.
Aaron sank into his chair and closed his eyes. A few moments later, he began to snore.
Sure, Dean’s thinking about Cas. He thinks about Cas all the time. He can multitask, however. He’s good at it. There are usually about twelve different thoughts skating through his brain at one time.
Despite the fact that it was all over, despite the fact that they had won, Dean still had nightmares.
Winter was not yet over. Castiel grew ever more restless with each passing day. He knew that, once the thaw was completed, it would be time for him to move on. Every member of his so-called Angel Task Force had offers from all parts of the army, who were in dire need of skilled leaders. Castiel’s students would do well without him. When he dismissed the group from their lesson that day, he did not know it would be the final time.
The sun rose far earlier than it had any business rising. At least that was Dean’s thought when the rays of light peeked through the curtains and hit him directly in the eyes. The sun actually came up later each day-- a natural phenomenon as it was autumn-- but Dean, still bleary eyed and footsore from the night before, had no time for logical thinking.
While he did not reply, Dean could see the barest hint of a smile on Castiel's mouth. Dean shook his head and stood up.
“I’d let him rest,” Ellen said, “but I always need a second pair of hands.”
"Weird?"
“We’re losing him.”
“Fine. I didn't think you'd come. So what? Who doesn’t love a little twist?”
The sole warning was a howl.
“You were planning on drinking, were you not?”
They stood before Lawrence. Carts and travelling merchants, eager to return to work after a lean winter, pushed past them and forced Dean and Castiel off the road. Dean stared at the town entrance, at the low crumbling wall that did nothing to keep anything out or in, and did not reply.
“You’re not
That was just too cheesy, even for Him.
There’s a knock at the door.
“You don’t really believe that, do you? Your grandad’s ninety and thinks the elder puts mind control potion in the well.”
On midsummer morning, the sunrise lit the sky in red. The waters which washed ashore reflected the colour, reminiscent of blood.
The four left Andrea’s Tavern, full of purpose. They missed the relief on Benny’s face.
And, like always, Cas was a fast learner. He was the one who led them down onto the bed. He was the one who ran his hands over Dean's exposed skin. He was the one who held Dean like he was some kind of holy thing, something worthy.
“Fate? Now that doesn’t sound like the Cassie I know.”
“I’m not interested.”
"Okay. You—" Dean took a step forward. "You look strong."
"I'll try not to."
“I did,” Castiel said. “And now I don’t. For now.”
John's sword threw sparks as he slid down the chain. The cage swung due to the added weight. He stopped just before reaching the bottom and focused his attention on the link in front of him, wedging his sword into the weakest point.
“Can you blame them?” Castiel asked.
This body belonged to Castiel. It was his— it did not belong to the Empty or anyone else.
“Dean. You’re hurt. I can--”
“Wish I shared your confidence.”
The Old Man, the captain of the ship, never forgave Benny’s betrayal. Benny and Andrea ran halfway across the Realm to escape the Old Man’s reach. They spent twenty years together. They let themselves believe they were safe. Then, the Old Man struck.
Sam was trapped.
Their packs laden with as many provisions they could fit, Dean and Castiel exited the last town they would see for a long while. Spring was in full bloom, the last of winter’s snow melted away, and Castiel could not help but admire the life of it all. The path they walked was littered with flowers. Some flowers were tightly closed bulbs, not ready to come out yet, while others were in full bloom, eager to show their true colours at the first hint of light. Castiel squatted to observe a bee dancing over a blue flower. He smiled when the bee bumped into the bud next to it as it flew away.
“Oh, I’m--” After a grunt of effort Castiel’s voice became clearer. “How did you put it? ‘Just peachy.’”
When Sam entered the library, he found the expected scholars and initiates, immersed in their afternoon tasks. As Sam passed by, their eyes turned to him, shining with questions. Evidently, Frank told them to remain quiet as not one person spoke.
“Sam?” Ash asked. “He’s still got a few years left.”
“Andrea’s in Purgatory. You’re going to Purgatory. If the Angel really can Awaken us, then--”
The night was dark without Cas's light. The adrenaline of the hunt had left Dean’s body. The day had been long and he had nearly died in the night, so Dean cut himself some slack for taking forever to add two and two.
"A fair assessment," Castiel said.
“It-- It wasn’t Dad, Dean,” Sam said, his words not even convincing himself. “Not really.”
“Yeah.” Sam crossed his arms and raised his chin, not letting Castiel's height intimidate him. He ignored Frank’s scandalized face. “What’s yours?”
Benny hummed and gave a lazy shrug. “Just makin’ my point, brother.” He hoisted his weapon onto his shoulder then joined Dean on the road. “So, need some backup?”
“Dean,” Castiel said, which snapped Dean out of his reverie. “You know there’s no shame in asking for help.”
“I know. I know,” Dean interrupted. “I just forgot to say something.”
“John, you--”
“Fine,” the Captain said. He returned to his seat at the desk. “Do what you want. I’m assuming all this is about Winchester’s missing brother? After this, you damn well better get them both back in one piece. And you better not show your face around this office for a long time.”
Usually, he’d use a dial, or adjust the antenna, or just smack it. That last one works the most often, for most things actually.
"He did stab me in the back."
“I feel like a few steps were missing there,” Dean said.
“Sleeping it off,” Dean said.
Walker appeared in the doorway, glowering as usual. Walker never spoke to Castiel more than he needed and he never once looked Castiel in the eye. An excellent fighter-- especially against vampires-- Walker’s antisocial tendencies were often overlooked. He volunteered for the bloodiest, most suicidal missions and came back victorious every single time. Most of the time, he returned alone. 'Acceptable casualties,' the reports said. Most people avoided joining him on the field.
Therefore, it was completely logical for Sam to drag Kevin into Charlie’s shop first thing in the morning.
“It was a memory.”
Jack asked a lot of questions throughout the movie. He did not understand that people in the eighties era did not have access to cellphones. Dean spent the last half of the movie grumbling about “kids these days,” and Sam started shouting a plethora of old jokes as they came to him. Even Jack came up with a few, before Dean threw up his hands and admitted defeat.
Castiel continued down the hallway, skipping a few doors, ignoring the shouting from some, the noise of pleasure from others. There was not a single sound coming from the next door he chose, marked 503. The key did not fit but the door opened for Castiel.
His eyes were the wrong colour.
There was no time to jump. There was no time for goodbyes. There was no time for anything before the cage fell, bringing John with it.
“Yes, sir,” Dean said. That should have been the end of the conversation, but Dean paused and chose not to leave. “You have reports about me?”
“Dean. Dean. This is not fine. I am never letting you do this again.”
The wings ring out a friendly little greeting as Dean passes. Sparky flashes a rainbow of colours in response. Dean pauses and checks on his new itty-bitty friend. He gestures to the wings, giving Sparky an opportunity to join its fellow light-based beings. Sparky rolls one way then the other, like one of those dolls with a rounded bottom, and Dean swears it looks just like a human shaking his head. Maybe Dean and his angelic-ish golf ball of light are starting to understand each other.
“You hear them, too?” Castiel asked.
The hellhound pushed closer to Castiel, spittle falling into his face as the Metatron said, softly, almost lovingly, “Be seeing you, Castiel.”
Cas takes Dean’s hand, strong and sure. “Together.”
The werewolf grumbled low, a hungry sound, and Dean closed his eyes.
"Tell Sam…" John shook his head. "Just… watch out for Sammy, okay?"
“Sleep well?” Cas asks.
Dean folded his hands in his lap and squeezed them together. He did not have the words for what he wanted to say. He needed to express the feeling, deep in his core that always guided him true, that something was wrong. Castiel left in the middle of the mission. No warrior did that lightly. There was also the fact that-- though Dean would never say it aloud-- Dean did not want to believe Castiel would leave him without saying something first.
Castiel pursed his lips and nodded. He walked towards the black patch.
Castiel sat in front of Dean, gently touching his face. He took stock of Dean’s swollen eye and the bruises circling Dean’s neck. Healing power gathered underneath Castiel’s fingertips as he traced the wounds but he did not use it. He would not unless Dean wanted him to, no matter how much Castiel hated seeing Dean injured.
The Empty isn’t quiet, not with all those beings in Cas’s new wings. They sigh and gasp, ringing out words in their incomprehensible-to-humans voices as they travelled.
"Oh." Castiel checked his shoulder again. "I don't feel it."
“If you had bothered to be around, you would know.”
“Yeah, okay. Sounds good.” Captain Singer narrowed his eyes and studied Castiel. “Is everything good with you?
Aaron clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes. “My grandfather is stark raving mad so I’ll take what I can get. Which, by the way, is better than owning a tiny house on a hill, Pamela.”
He still kept his sword wrapped. He still wore nondescript armour. He still found it difficult to hear someone call him the Angel.
“I’m Sam, by the way.”
Taking Dean’s hand, Cas allowed himself to be pulled to his feet. His first steps wobbled and Dean couldn't help but laugh and make a comparison between Cas and Bambi. He laughed harder at Cas's clueless stare.
“Where,” Krissy said between deep breaths, “did you come up with that?”
“Don’t know who did it,” Benny said. He handed the near-empty bottle to Dean and sat down. “All I know is that I couldn’t save my wife.”
“It’s that late already?” Sam glanced around the library. The scholars hurried to the dining hall, hoping to beat the recruits and knights to the meal. That way there would be something left. “I was supposed to meet Dean and--” Sam paused, taking in Castiel’s sombre mood. Castiel never reacted to the noise around him. “Y’know. I don’t think Dean would mind if you joined us.”
Castiel did not move. “Thank you. I cannot stay long.”
Joshua said nothing. He met Castiel's gaze with no hesitation, his lips pressed into a thin line and his face smooth and blank.
Sitting across from Dean, Sam yawned.
Benny looked from one end of the quiet tavern to the other. He shrugged. “Jamie’s got it handled. ‘Sides, the rush won’t hit for another hour.”
them? Do you know how hard that is? I could never--"
Castiel could be dead.
Castiel closed the book and set it aside. He stood and searched the shelves at the back of the room. He returned with a burlap sack full of something Dean could not see.
Cas and Sam step in time with Dean. They march towards Death together.
Dean prayed. Castiel smiled. As Dean wished.
"I'm going to save you," Castiel said.
“Don’t worry, Cas,” Dean said as he took up vigil by the fire, “I won’t let any nasty little rabbits disturb you.” He turned and watched Castiel sink into the pillow with closed eyes. Dean's tone became less teasing and more serious. “Or anything.”
“Cas,” Dean whispered against Cas’s lips, unable to pull back any further, “I have to say something.”
“Are you
Dean sat at the foot of Castiel’s bed. “I bet.”
“Nothing is ‘up.’” Castiel's straight backed posture somehow became more rigid. “I just need some time away.”
day, Dean heaved a put-upon sigh. “Dude, what?”
“Okay.” Dean turned his body towards Castiel, trying to catch his eye. “But you’re gonna have to tell me what.”
War had a way of bringing people together. Castiel finally understood what that meant.
“What?” Dean asked.
"Minding my own business? Not really." Sam looked up from his phone. He laughed at himself when he saw Castiel’s confused expression. "Oh! You mean the bleaching! Yeah, Jess used to get me to help her. She was already blonde but she said she liked being blonder." Sam smiled softly, a little sad. "It was nice to spend time with her."
Dean's touch held the power of only one soul, one individual, but it lit Castiel from the inside, brighter and stronger than anything from Purgatory. At that moment, Castiel realized it was Dean who held the might of God within him. It was not the same might found in Castiel's stolen souls but something Dean earned and created over his years as a righteous man.
Since Cas wasn't all that picky, Dean went into Cas's room one night to give him the old dog-eared copy of
"Dude, you remember all that?" Dean rubbed the back of his neck.
The candlelight bathed Castiel in a soft glow. Dean watched the lights flicker over Castiel’s face, highlighting his red cheeks-- already dusted with light stubble, no wonder he was never clean shaven-- and the shine of the mug Castiel brought to his lips. When Castiel smiled, his lips moving as he spoke to Kurbrick, everything around Dean faded away.
The commotion started as a murmur. Some people did not approve of Dean's informal, off-script message. Others appreciated the personal touch. Many were still offended by the thought of working with the Awakened Creatures. Scholars would debate for years about the speech, about whether Dean said the correct thing, but all of them agreed that Dean's words were the start of a new chapter in the Realm's history.
” Castiel said, “you just look like her.”
The final step dissolved and Dean entered a world made of lightning and rock. He was on a cliff overlooking the deepest part of Hell. This place was denied the light of Heaven. This place was chosen by the All-Father as the ultimate punishment. This place held a cage.
Like Ellen, Dean finished the whiskey in one swig. “It’s my job to take care of people. You know that. I send my troops to battle, try to keep ‘em alive.” He shrugged and set down his empty glass. “I do what I can: train ‘em, kick ‘em in the ass--”
“How’re we gonna do that?” the Captain asked.
"I suppose I am," Castiel said.
“Why not?”
Not bad for a oneshot, eh? Thank you so much for your comments and kudos! They kept me going through my writing fueled weekend (and a couple days after).
Cas kisses Dean through it, though there’s no finesse to it. Cas is gasping too, falling over the edge right along with Dean.
“Must run in the family,” Aaron said, grinning at Sam from across the table.
Dean’s eye roll was wasted, as his back was to Castiel. “Whatever. I’m going to be totally useless in training tomorrow.”
There it was. That smile that Cas did, the one where he barely changed expression but managed to radiate his joy-- his
“Um, kinda?” Pamela said, her arm hovering in an uncomfortable position.
“Good,” Linda said. “I really missed the fresh air.”
Dean didn’t have it in him to protest. It took all his remaining concentration to slow down and park Baby on the shoulder of the highway.
“Don’t leave me,” Dean whispered.
Dean mumbled a wordless acknowledgment. Castiel noticed the pink flush on Dean’s cheeks, but he attributed it to exhaustion.
admiration. You are the future of humanity. You are the protectors. You are what keeps hope alive.” Castiel spread his arms wide, indicating the people before him. “It is not a legend, or a special sword, or a noble title that keeps citizens safe in their beds. It is you. Every one of you.” He paused, giving the recruits a chance to absorb his words. “I hope you will come to understand that.”
It starts slow. It’s a tiny shimmer, a little shake in the darkness. At first, Dean thinks his eyes are drying out but, after he rubs them, the disturbance is still there. Then, he feels it.
“Really?” Jessica raised an eyebrow. “Well, all I have to do is hand in my supplies. It's next door. After, you can walk me to my quarters.”
The Captain dropped his pen. It bounced off the pages and rolled under the desk. The lack of swearing spoke of the Captain’s surprise.
Well, that was not entirely true. Something had changed in Purgatory: Castiel.
“Yeah, you’re right.”
Dean had changed. He stood tall, his broad shoulders thrown back with the authority of a warrior. When he moved, his muscles, defined and strengthened by years of training, were evident even under his leather armour. The stubble dusted across his cheeks defined his sharp cheekbones.
Dean knew he earned that glare. Had anyone else said something like that to Castiel, there would have been a lot more anger behind those eyes.
Balthazar grinned, a familiar expression from a better time. “No. You wouldn’t be you if you did.” He turned around and spread his arms wide, encompassing the clock tower before him. “You have to wonder, though. I mean, this raid went down pretty quickly, huh? Have you ever
“I’ll let you know when we get there. Trust me, brother.”
"Well, I didn't tell the whole truth and I know sometimes that is necessary for hunts, like you taught me, but…" Cas looked up. "I don't like doing that to you."
The sun goes black.
Month four, and Dean realizes Sam hasn't left the bunker more than a few hours at a time. It’s because of Dean, he knows it, and that doesn’t seem right.
Castiel swallowed, his throat dry. The fire crackled, swaying in the light ocean breeze. As long as the ocean remained calm, Castiel could keep that fire, keep that light. He did not want to douse it. Not tonight.
Leaving the engine running, Dean opened his door and walked around the front of the car, dead on his feet. Oh no. Was he a zombie?
“I can’t believe you saved that,” Jessica said.
Meg smiled and Dean was absolutely certain that she would kill him if she knew he saw that, uneasy truce or no. He returned to the bedroom, not to sleep, but to wait. The conversation seemed too private for Dean to interrupt.
Okay, okay. Time to get back on task. Once he gets topside he can deal with… that.
“Very well.” Castiel leaned his head back to look Dean in the eye. “I want you to know it’s okay to feel something. You seemed to be close.”
“Right,” Dean said, once he regained control of himself. “Sorry about the interrogation.”
“How’re you doing?” Dean asked when Castiel slipped into the seat beside him.
When the door opened, Dean heard only Meg’s heavy gait. He took a deep breath and hoped without much heart that the kitchen was empty. Much to his lack of surprise, it was not.
Dean wanted to duck his head but it was hard to hide his flush from Castiel’s blue, blue eyes. “Say, wanna get fancy?”
That catches Dean’s attention. “What're you talking about?”
“Wow,” Ruby said, “I never thought I’d be thankful for a Celestial. Look at that. He even knocked himself out for me.”
an ex is beyond me.”
Leaving the room became more and more difficult each time. Sam glanced at the bed as he left, smiling at Jessica’s hair peeking out from under the blankets. It was her day off, but not his. He left the room, closing the door behind him as softly as possible.
Castiel smiled. His Dean— His defiant, determined Dean— was ever the hero. Dean never gave in without a fight, without exhausting every plan and trying every angle. It was so human of him. Castiel could not help but love him for it.
Sam reached the gate. All he could see through the bars was the boy’s profile, his cheeks still filled with a child’s roundness. Sam knelt on the hard, dusty path, and leaned against the bars. He slid down as far as he could to match the boy’s height.
“I would be concerned if it started speaking.” Castiel squinted at the dummy like he was waiting for it to do just that.
Pamela stepped in behind him, her face serious. She paused in the centre of the room and looked Castiel directly in the eye. As soon she did, her forehead creased and her mouth dropped open.
“That’s ‘cause you never visit me,” Charlie said. “I’ve been chained to the anvil making all that equipment
“Yes,” Castiel said. “Why do you think I started frequenting Andrea’s Tavern?”
Dean did not reply. He did not remove his hand, nor did he look away. Sam glanced between the two of them, feeling much like a ghost.
“A prophet?”
Dean's tongue darted out, teasing the tip of Castiel's thumb, before Dean clamped his mouth shut and swallowed. Dean shook his head.
“Far away,” Castiel said.
"How do you know—" Dean glared at the man. "Who are you?" Dean shook his head. "I mean: what are you?"
“Sorry, sir,” Captain Singer said. “I think they figured out who you are.”
The flame on the candle was a little awkward, being on its side and all, but it worked. Cas watched it flicker.
Dean would not let go of Castiel’s arm. “Cas. Are you okay?”
He decided to move on. He considered heading to the dining hall, but he still did not require nourishment and he did not want to waste supplies. He saw the stables but he did not want to upset the horses with his strange mood. He wandered the castle grounds, unable to choose a direction.
Dean leaned forward, curling his fingers around the book, and tried to digest this new information. Castiel healed him. Castiel gave up part of his life for him. Dean tried to process that fact. He tried to process the fact that Castiel put himself at risk to help Dean.
Already out the door before Castiel shifted the truck into park, Dean rushed toward the abandoned couch. He dusted off the snow with his ungloved hands, hissing at the cold. As Castiel approached, Dean covered his reddened hands with his sleeves, clearly remembering how Castiel told him to wear gloves before they left the motel.
“Hello!” Jack entered the room, one hand clutching a sleeve of disposable cups, the other holding a bottle of pop. “I remembered this time.”
“Truth is, I don’t know where Jo is. She just woke up one day and decided she wanted to be a merc. I told her, ‘Not under my roof.’ She said, ‘Okay.’ Next day, she was gone.” Ellen reached under the bar and opened her private cabinet. Bottles and glasses clinked against each other as she searched. “Was hoping she went by the Capital and found you.”
"I want you to stop," Dean said.
“Don’t worry, Dean,” Jamie said when Dean handed back the glass, “I’ve been looking after Aaron for years now. I’ll make sure he gets home.”
Castiel took a step forward. He was shaking, sliding through dimensions, struggling to keep his feet on the floor, but he kept moving. He knew, with absolute certainty— not as God but as Castiel— that the souls could not be freed. If they were freed, it would spell disaster for the world, for the humans, for the one he loved.
“Did you bring legs?” The Captain demanded as soon as Sam was within earshot.
“Kevin?” Sam stood across from him, their bodies separated by the desk. “Kevin. Why are you here?”
that doesn’t stop. This, this--” Dean cut off with a frustrated growl.
“It’s about time I retired from the bartendin' gig. Jamie’s takin’ over.”
“Really?” Aaron rested his elbows on the desk and put his chin in his palms. “Do tell!”
And that wasn't weird at all.
“Of course.”
“Wow,” Sam said, grinning, “I guess you really are feeling better.”
“Yes.” Dean crossed his arms and raised his chin. “What’s your problem?”
“Right,” Dean said. “Don’t know what he’d be doing in Richville, anyway.”
“Dean.” Castiel tossed his head back, his eyes blazing. “Believe it or not, not
“There are thousands of angels to settle in Heaven. Talks with Rowena to have. An Empty to restructure. A Purgatory to change. Balance to regain.” Cas shakes his head. “Jack doesn't have a physical form. He’s chosen me to represent Him. I have work to do.”
“To Benny.” Jamie clinked her glass against Castiel’s with a smile.
"I wanna marry you," Dean whispered. "Will you marry me?"
"What are you getting at?" Dean asked.
"You still think you can save me, even now?" Dean snorted. "C'mon, Cas, I know you've been tracking me this whole time. I know you've seen everything I did."
“Damn right I do.” Pamela grinned. “Besides, I don’t go for taken guys.”
Dean almost apologizes for being a bad influence on Cas but he doesn’t. He isn’t sorry at all. If anything, Dean’s proud of Cas.
His mother was right.
A short beat of silence passed then a high-pitched whine sounded. With his eyes covered, Dean did not see the glow emulating from Castiel’s palm. He did not see his wound close, remarkably fast. He did, however, notice that he could stand.
Cas's light became bright and blinding, shattering the light bulbs and cracking the windows, but all Dean saw was Cas: his fallen star lit in the joy of love.
Ruby’s answering smile held all the dark secrets in the cosmos. Sam wanted to hear them all.
“Right. I forgot.”
"And over here," Dean said, going twelve steps to the right, "would be the kitchen. I'd get one of those fancy ovens so I could turn all those carrots we'd grow into cakes." Dean gestured to the trees. "And our bedroom would be back there, on the second floor. Lots of shade and we could see green first thing in the morning."
“Because!” Dean jumped from his seat. “C’mon, Ellen, you must’ve figured out who Cas is.”
“Huh. Lucky you.”
Castiel struggled against the weight pushing him down. He tried in vain to grab hold of the Metatron’s robes, to keep him from walking behind Castiel. There was nothing Castiel could do. Behind him, the Metatron circled his hands around the root of each wing. He held them there for a long moment, feeling Castiel tremble.
"Why?"
Behind closed doors and when one was certain of their company, young King Adam was known as the Bastard King. For almost a decade, Queen Kate and the late king had struggled to produce an heir. When the queen had finally fallen with child, there were many whispers among the nobility. The queen, a commoner by birth but a noble by her father’s deeds, had been hounded by rumours since the day she was married. When she died in Adam’s ninth year, she was found behind a tavern in the commons. The rumour was that she had gone to meet her lover and met her fate instead. The rumour was her lover was the disgraced knight-- no one would speak his name as he had long since been stricken from the record-- once appointed to the court.
"Yeah. Guess I'm a bad influence."
"It's okay, Dean." Cas made shushing noises. Dean didn't understand why until Cas started wiping away Dean’s tears. "I'm not going anywhere."
“Wow. That seems kind of, well, limiting. I mean, I wouldn’t have known I’d like to study if I hadn’t opened my first book.”
Dean never stayed with any of them, though. There were always monsters to fight, a duty to uphold. His father always called him back. Most of all, Dean couldn't leave Sam.
“Dean. We need to move.”
“I did that.” Dean’s words were soft and astonished. “I did that!” He shouted, becoming bold in his excitement
“Not physically.”
The day after returning from the Empty, Sam and Dean bought a heat lamp from the pet store and made a nest out of Dean’s old flannels and soft blankets. The nest went into the biggest cardboard box Dean could find and sat on Dean’s cleared-off desk.
“As I said: Your stance is still off.” Castiel raised the bow in one fluid movement and placed his feet shoulder width apart. He pointed at his feet to make sure Dean noticed. “You focus so intently on the target, you tense up.” He tightened his fist around the handle as he spoke, then loosened it to demonstrate the proper grip. Castiel grabbed an arrow from the quiver on Dean’s hip and notched it in the bow. “Draw back the string not using your arm, but your back.” He demonstrated. “The string should be to your lips and your hand under your chin, not at your shoulders.” Castiel waited until Dean indicated his understanding. “Now you should focus on your target and release the string. Once you let go, your stance should remain the same.” The string hardly made a sound when Castiel loosed the arrow. It hit the target with a loud thwack. Perfect bullseye. Castiel held the bow out to Dean. “Try again.”
“Don’t.” Sam surged forward, leading with his sword. “Call me.” His sword hit something. Something made of flesh. “Sammy.”
“As you no doubt figured out,” Castiel said, turning to look Ellen in the eye. “I’m not human.”
Cas moves closer to Dean until almost his whole arm rests against Dean’s back. Dean licks his lips when he notices Cas watching him. Sam gets another fruit basket when he still says nothing when Dean shuffles closer to Cas and presses their shoulders together. Sparky, on the other hand, gets a finger wag when he jumps between Dean and Cas and lets loose a shower of sparks that land in Dean’s hair. The smell of burnt hair singes Dean's nose.
Halfway through the second week of Castiel’s recovery, Dean awoke to an empty room. It was after last call, so Andrea’s Tavern was completely silent. He knew something was wrong right away. Dean had grown accustomed to the sound of Castiel’s quiet breathing and the subtle feel of his presence in the room. Castiel was not present.
“Course not. Otherwise, this piece"-- Meg indicated herself, popping out her hip and slapping a hand on her thigh-- “would have been able to convince you to stick around.”
Castiel’s light filled the castle, flowing through every room, every hallway, every garden. Every human closed their eyes.
“All right,” the man said. “And if something tries to bust in?”
“Your mother?”
“Yeah. But with Sam there.” Dean cleared his throat, muttering out the last words, “And you too, you know. If you want.”
"Congratulations, chief." Benny reached under the counter and produced a clean glass. He filled it from the same bottle he used for Castiel. "You have officially made it to adulthood." He held his glass out to Castiel.
By the time the two of them recovered, Dean was late for sword practice. He did not care. He did not care because Castiel looked happy-- happy because of him-- and he wanted to stay in that moment as long as possible.
“Ah, there it is, Cassie. The end of the Realm.”
Cut off in the hallway by Sam on his way to his room after a long, long,
The Captain’s next parry left his right flank exposed. The Celestial commander darted forward, using her sword hand to pin down the Captain’s weapon and her other to snatch a dagger from her belt. She plunged it into the Captain’s hip, the enchanted blade cutting into the armour like it did not exist.
It wasn’t about the final battle. It wasn’t about Hell. It wasn’t about what they lost. It was about Cas. It was always about Cas.
Flanked by two torch wielding guards, Sam stood a few feet away from Dean, his mouth open. When the brothers locked eyes, Sam started running.
“Dean, Dean, Dean. You out here on your own? Just about anythin’ could sneak up on you. Lots of Creatures out there nowadays.”
“Nice try, Sammy, but I know all your tricks.” Dean crossed his arms and gave Sam a pointed stare. “I’m the one who taught you them.”
“Are you sure you know where you’re going?” Dean’s voice bounced all around them.
“Is there a purpose to this line of questioning?”
“No. I, uh--” Castiel cleared his throat. “I wanted to ask you”-- he gestured from her head to her stomach-- “ask both of you. Are you well?"
Billie pauses. She lowers her weapon, her face as unreadable as ever.
Sitting in the sand beside her, Jo rolled her eyes. “She’s feeling okay.”
He poured the alcohol onto the wounds. He held Castiel’s legs to keep him from bucking up. Dean squeezed his eyes shut until Castiel settled. He took one of the cloths and cleared away as much blood as he could, muttering words of apology at every sound Castiel made. Dean really, really, did not like hurting Castiel.
The later pages, the ones Sam could not read yet, talked about living forever by stitching new organs into an old body. Sam never met the author of the book but, had he seen Doc Benton in person with perfect surgical lines across every patch of skin accumulated over hundreds of years of replaced organs, he would have set the book back down.
And warm. Dean didn't know why he suspected Cas would run cold— maybe something to do with metal and meteorites— but the heat came off him in waves. It was kind of nice, actually. Dean hadn't spent a night with someone in a long time and it was an even longer time since he'd done it clothed.
“Guess so.” Pamela smiled, her head inclined toward Jo. Jo smiled back. “Weird, huh?”
“These meetings,” the king said, “they’ve gone well, don’t you think?”
Yet, he was not Celestial either. He could age. He had no wings. He was something else. Something in between. Something alone.
Perhaps.
Sam found Dean there, Jack in tow, asking again and again what happened. Dean couldn’t answer. Dean couldn’t hear. Dean couldn’t hear anything at all.
It does. Sparky understands the need for stealth. It is already tucked under the trench coat lapels so it dims its glow and rolls down Cas’s back. If Cas notices, he gives no indication. Dean reaches out and catches Sparky in his hand. He holds Sparky between his palms, keeping it out of sight.
Castiel scanned the report. A passage caught his eye: 'They observed us. It was as if they wanted to see our strategies, stronghold, and battle prowess.' The report went on, claiming that the writer knew that sounded strange since he knew zombies were not capable of complex thought.
rules. How do you keep up with them all?”
“Yeah,” the Captain said, “According to Sam, it was like this Metatron guy took him over.”
“Hey, you’re the one who came to me. Get your ass inside. You got five minutes.”
“I--” King Adam stuttered, his arms crossed over his chest. For a moment, he looked like the boy he never had the chance to be. “I see. Are they well?”
“Yeah,” Sam says, “same here. I can’t want to see everyone.”
“I ran into Frank on our way here,” Dean said. He stepped in closer, his voice a near whisper when he continued, “Sam wasn’t in the library when the bell rang. I don’t know where he is.”
Castiel pulled Dean into his arms. Dean sagged against Castiel, muttering apologies over and over again into his chest. Castiel held onto Dean because that was all he could do. Eventually, Dean quieted, his breaths slowed, and exhaustion weighed his body down. Castiel kept Dean from falling.
Dean and Cas slept together.
“Dean is…” The doctor glanced at Dean from the corner of his eye, saying his next words carefully, like he never used the phrase before, “High as a kite.”
"Yes," Castiel said. "I will help you."
“You bastard.” Dean sniffs. “You fucking bastard. You say that. You say
“The lore says this Metatron is a Celestial,” Sam said, once he regained everyone’s attention. “So, Pamela, does Kevin here feel like one?”
Dean twisted his fingers around each other as he hovered in the middle of the bedroom, his back to Charlie. He stared out the moonlit window and tried to think. He was having trouble thinking. He was having trouble thinking all day.
What happened there, few could say.
“Oh, but you have done so much for me. You got rid of those pesky Demons and those mutinous Levithan. You even made my Creatures stronger. Well done, Castiel. You really are my greatest warrior.”
Sunlight filtered into the tavern when Dean opened the door. His travel pack, slung over his shoulders, bulged with new supplies and he held a basket in his hands filled with gifts from the Lawrence villagers. He set the basket in front of Ellen.
She lunged for Castiel, leaping past Walker and Dean at inhuman speeds. Castiel staggered under the impact of her landing. One hand gripped his sword arm and she aimed the other for his neck. She yanked him closer, her maw wide and her teeth sharp.
“Dean? I’m sorry.” Sam’s voice faded fast. “I think I’m…”
“Yes. The person happened to be male presenting. Is that so strange? Judging by the various shapes and bodies the king has tried to throw at me, I figured it wasn’t uncommon.”
Dean picked up the scissors and comb, turned around, and choked on his own breath. There, in the middle of his childhood bedroom, sat Castiel with his eyes closed and expression relaxed. The towel draped over Castiel’s shoulders did nothing to hide his muscled chest and his lack of shirt afforded Dean with an excellent view of tanned skin, still slightly pink from bathing.
Leaning against the kitchen counter, his hand curled around an empty beer bottle, was Dean. He did not look up at Castiel's entrance.
Oh, to have the vocabulary to properly define the weirdness.
“Can’t say I ever met anybody who glows.”
Dean decided to forgo the drink. After so many years living at the Tavern, Dean did not have to ask to head upstairs. He ran his palm over the rough wooden door that marked the entrance to his and Sam’s old room on his way to the roof. The tavern's warm inviting warmth was a sharp contrast to the cold outside.
Cas inclines his head then steps aside, exposing the cut behind him. Billie gives Cas a long, hard stare, then walks into the light. She’s gone.
“Thank you for convincing me to stay,” Castiel said. “You were right. This was fun.”
“We have,” Garth said. “The knights told us to wait.”
“The one and only.”
Muted voices sounded from the hallway. Castiel kept his eyes on the open doorway, waiting for their final arrival.
“Okay.” The Captain folded his hands over his paperwork pile. “What’s up?”
“I missed you,” Dean said.
At the entrance of the Angel’s wing, Dean’s path was impeded by the sudden arrival of Balthazar. Dean flinched but did his best to hide it. Balthazar smirked and leaned into the archway, completely blocking the entryway.
And, in that galaxy, they were cleansed.
Well, if someone needs help, Dean better provide it. Dean slips on his slippers and the Dead Guy Robe he couldn’t bear to leave at the bunker then hurries downstairs.
Sam, shaky but alive, pushed himself up to his feet. Dean could not stop him.
“Hello?”
“What?” Dean coughed out the word.
“Yes.”
The Roadhouse was exactly the same on the inside, too, down to Ash’s nap pool table. However, the interior was slightly different from the last time Dean saw it intact.
Benny thought for a moment, refilling the glass of the man beside him and accepting his coin without taking his eyes off Dean. “Can’t say I have. Though it's been pretty busy tonight. Might’ve missed him.”
“What do you mean?”
They ate in silence. Dean spent the whole time counting the number of flowers on the wall before him. There were twenty-six. Charlie liked the colourful brightness they brought into her shop, even in winter.
Of course, Dean followed Castiel's gaze. One day, Dean would follow more. Dean pursed his lips and returned his attention to Castiel, his eyes shining and his pupils blown wide. He said nothing, but he did not have to. His body spoke for him.
Castiel shook his head, smiling down at his feet. Yellow and red leaves crunched under his new boots as he and Dean passed through the town gates.
It was quiet in the dining hall these days. Whispers from the next table floated over to Sam’s group, easy to catch in their silence.
Shit. If Dean wasn’t hard already from all the teasing, the deep needy growl Cas just made would have done it.
Cas titled his head. "Of course I can fight." He set the remote on the nightstand, then flicked his wrist. A tri-edged blade appeared in his hand, made out of the same shimmering substance that was in his hand when he healed Dean. "I floated down, pulled the werewolf away from you, and pierced its heart with this."
“Cas, I don’t--” Dean shuffled closer to Castiel. “I don’t need all that.”
"You're cold." Cas slid off the car hood, letting go of Dean’s hand. Both feet on the ground, Cas regarded Dean with wide, gentle eyes. "We should return to the room."
"Alright," the Captain said, shuffling the papers on his desk. The mess must have made sense to him, as he fished out a short strip of paper from the middle of the stack. "That Winchester kid's plan worked. They managed to hold off the zombies until reinforcements arrived. We only lost three soldiers in the mines."
It was the last word the Leviathan spoke. Dick’s form bust, stretched beyond his capacity by Castiel’s power. Thick, black ooze rained down on Purgatory. The pool filled with it.
Cas didn't make Dean anxious. However, the fact that Cas didn't make Dean anxious made Dean anxious. Everything about Dean's upbringing— everything his father taught him— told him that non-humans were dangerous.
“Should I?”
“And you can tell which is which?”
A groggy Dean answered the door, about to complain about the rude awakening. Any complaint was forgotten when he saw Castiel stricken face, pale under the flickering hallway torches. Castiel placed his hand against Dean’s chest, felt his heart beating strong and healthy underneath intact flesh and blood. Castiel sagged in relief.
“Yeah. I think I have,” Kelly said. “Jack.”
They stayed like that for a long while. Cas didn’t let go until Dean did first.
Other than the marching army, there was no other life on the road. No Creatures of the Night emerged from the darkness to attack them. No rabbits scurried across the grass. No bugs buzzed in the night. All living beings held their breath, waiting for the final battle.
? Dean told me you--”
The journey across Purgatory was a lot faster without any attacks along the way. They reached the cliff, the portal at the top shimmering in the stagnant air. When Dean stopped at the cliff’s base, Castiel slumped against Dean’s side and closed his eyes.
The sheets on the other bead were rumpled but Sam was nowhere to be seen. Sam was in the room at some point, though. Even a big lunkhead like him wouldn't have missed Dean and Cas sleeping in the same bed, curved towards each other, their fingers reaching out but not quite touching.
"What?"
“Care to share?”
Dean kept eye contact. “Why do you say that?”
Castiel hummed, carding his hand through Dean’s hair. “Tomorrow we march.”
He did not continue. Dean waited, thinking there had to be more.
Sam bid her goodbye, though he doubted she saw his wave. He had one more stop. This time, he headed for the abandoned cabin. It was damaged during the fighting. The kitchen wall had crumbled, exposing it to the outside. Luckily, the bedroom was untouched. That room was all Sam needed.
When he peeked inside, Sam saw Dean sitting in the middle of his bed, touching his fingers to his lips with a thoughtful expression on his face.
“Understandable.”
Door 1415 opened as Castiel approached. Sam hovered in the room behind it, throwing a cardigan on the bed like it carried a disease. He sighed and pulled the elastic out of his hair, scratching at his head until his hair stood on end.
The chain snapped.
Castiel scowled at the castle gates, his back to the Captain. A whisper ran among the recruits, starting as a single voice until it ran through the entire training grounds. Dean stood close to him, glancing around, noticing the whispers of his peers. Castiel caught more than one person in the group staring at him, their eyes darting away when he looked at them.
“Sounds like an ally we’ll want.” King Adam steepled his fingers. “Is there anyone else who could help us? Anyone we should add to the table?”
Dean’s skin warmed under Castiel’s fingers. “Uh, yeah, It’s been--”
“Nah, not really,” Benny said. “Just here for a chat.”
They did, however, notice when Dean marched right up to Castiel and yanked him to his feet by the shirt collar.
Cas narrow his eyes then, in the space between seconds, the wings disappeared. The room dimmed. A profound sense of loss took Dean over, unbidden.
“Right.” Dean swallowed. “Uh, I’ll lead. When I step forward, you step back. You’re like a mirror, okay?” Castiel nodded and Dean stepped forward with his left foot. After a slight delay, Castiel stepped back with his right. “Good, good. Now the other side.” Castel followed the instruction, only a little behind Dean’s movements. Dean flashed an encouraging smile. “You’re a natural. Okay, shift your weight to the other side, then slide your feet together.” This time, they moved together. “Perfect! Alright. Now I move back and you move forward. My right, your left.”
“Yeah, yeah. You sappy lightweight.”
Castiel blinked. He was busy thinking about the past season, thinking about everything he learned and about everything that could go wrong.
“You’re hurt.” Castiel sat on the floor. He reached out to the blonde woman but pulled back in response to both women’s reproachful glares. “I can help.”
Dean rolled his eyes then busied himself with his meal. Sam and Charlie exchanged tentative smiles, both of them bursting with the need to say something and the knowledge that they should not. They returned to their meals.
Garth turned towards his companions, taking stock of who sat where, and put a finger to his lips. "Where's Dean?"
"You sound disappointed."
There was no way for Dean to ignore that tone. He did as she ordered while Ellen continued to clear the tavern. Every few tables, Ellen glanced at Dean, her lips pressed together and her eyes shining.
Sunlight poured into the building when Dean opened the door. He squinted, unable to see into the darkened bar well enough to notice the tension.
“Dean, listen. I care about you. I think I always will. I plan to remain by your side as long as you will allow me.” Castiel’s gaze bored into Dean’s soul. “I need you to carefully consider in what capacity that will be.”
“What?”
Dean rolled his eyes. When he walked away, Castiel followed him. Perhaps Castiel finally figured out that all Dean wanted was his company.
They ran.
Not even the fire made a sound in the wake of Captain Singer’s words. Castiel remained silent for a long moment.
"Yeah, uh"-- Dean sniffed under his arm and made a face-- "just let me get cleaned up first. Close the door when you go. All the way for once, would you?"
“You idjit.” Captain Singer groaned. “Don’t bullshit me. I know a lie when I hear one.”
The empty mug thumped against the bartop. Castiel leaned over, his narrowed eyes giving Dean an intense stare.
If Castiel went through that door it could all be over. Castiel could finally defeat the Metatron. Castiel could finally end the Long War. Castiel could finally rest. He pushed against the wing. Without any resistance, the door swung inward.
“For calling me Cas,” Castiel said. He took another drink, the mug half empty when he set it down. “I haven’t been called that for a very long time.”
“You keep mentioning my hair,” Castiel said. “Is it bad?”
The door wrenched open below them and a procession of drunks filed out of Andrea’s Tavern. They shouted and hollered, some struggling to stay on their feet, as they filtered out over the streets of the Capital.
"Cas," Dean said. "You with me, buddy?"
“You’re the Mother of All,” Castiel whispered.
"Cas…" Dean began.
Dean groaned and clutched at his stomach. He glanced around the area. People scurried every which way, rushing to get everything in place before the king's arrival. The Captain directed his knights. Rufus stood with his mercenaries, occasionally shouting comparative notes to the Captain. According to Rufus, the mercenaries were a more impressive group. The Captain ignored Rufus, keeping his back to him, but Rufus could tell the Captain rolled his eyes. Pamela inspected the integrity of the stage. Garth spoke to the apprehensive guards, raising spirits as he worked his way down the line. Ash waved from his place among the healers. Sam waved back.
“I’m sorry to hear that, Aaron,” the king said. “I don’t know if we can afford to lose you.
Billie doesn’t raise one eyebrow. She raises both of them. It’s an expression of surprise, a big one for her.
Dean glanced down at his chest. If not for the claw shaped rips in his shirt, there would be no evidence of Dean’s injuries at all. He ran a finger over his healthy skin. Looking up at the glowing guy again, Dean caught the faintest hint of a smile on his pink lips.
“Cas. Cas! Hey!” Dean grabbed Castiel’s shoulder and turned him around. “You’re not coming with us?”
Dean walked in with a faraway look on his face, running both hands through his hair. He stopped a few paces from the door when he noticed that everyone else stared at him. Dean gave his fellow recruits a courtesy glance, saving his attention for Castiel.
“I used my grace to burn the Mark from your soul.” Castiel blinked with two eyes. “They’re both gone now.”
Thankfully, Dean woke up. This moment, watching as Cas glows with his grace, is real. Dean knows it’s real because his heart surges at the sight. Dean knows it’s real because Cas is real. Cas told him so, back in that school when they were seeking a way to return all those souls to Hell.
“I’m your huckleberry,” Dean says along with the movie, trying to match Cas’s growl.
“We’re in agreement.” King Adam stood. “I hereby relieve you of duty, Sir Bass. Please offer my condolences to your family.”
Of course, Dean would eat the pie.
Castiel’s eyes remained half open. “Been better.”
“I know, I know,” Dean said. “I look so good you’re at a loss for words.”
Castiel squinted and tilted his head as the young vampire caught in his trap pawed at the dry, brittle dirt which made up his prison. The young vampire had not been in Purgatory long but all Creatures of the Night learned to fear the Angel. Many of them ended up in Purgatory after falling to his blade. Many of them fell to him a second time.
Various Creatures of all ages and sizes stared at the shouting human. Dean reached the ground, realizing he had no idea how to get out of the hidden village, and froze when he noticed them. Eyes glowing, fangs bared, and hands on swords, the Creatures and Dean waited to see who would make the first move.
“I recall you saying you wanted something like this,” Balthazar said. “I’d say this is worth pressing a button and turning your back for a few moments, don’t you think?”
Stay away from the water.
The brothers were concerned about Castiel. Castiel hated to cause them any distress. He had done enough of that during his short stint as God.
“But you, Castiel,” the Empty hisses the name with hate in its voice, “just wouldn’t stay down!”
No human other than Dean.
“Hey, Cas!” Sam shouted from the entryway. “That’s a”-- He searched for the phrase he learned the other day-- “a standing invitation. See you later!”
"Those are very pink." Dean put the rejected packets back in the bag and picked up his shovel. "Well, Cas, we got work to do."
He marched onward. The water awaited him.
Charlie nodded and the group lapsed back into silence. All three focused on the fireplace, hardly seeing the flames. With the group so quiet, they should have heard the sound of approaching footsteps. They should have perceived the door opening. Sitting with their back to the door, lost in their thoughts, they did not notice Dean’s entrance into Castiel’s room.
“I thought you’d be on the other side of the Realm by now,” Dean said.
Sam closed the book, breaking Castiel’s long held stare on the illustration’s wings. Sam waited for an answer to his question, long after most of the library cleared out.
Because Jack, a fragile, broken cog in the plot machine, had to choose that angel as his father.
At first, Pamela said nothing. She looked around the room, lips pursed. When she realized that no one in the room would save her, she relented.
“Alright, alright. Have fun.” Dean waggled his eyebrows. “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
Oh. Yeah. There was a pull-out. Dean forgot.
"Maybe." Sam gave Dean a concerned look. "You're not gonna collapse on me, right?"
No response.
“You did it. Your battle is over. You made it to Paradise.”
Back aching from sleeping against the boulder, sweat pooling in his lower back from the hot sun overhead, and his head aching from squinting against the bright light of the sun, Castiel refused to stop. He walked. He had to keep walking. He was so close.
“Missed you too,” Dean said when they parted.
Dean followed Benny thought the streets, the main pathways now lit up with alchemical fire. The knights had already reached this section. Any Creatures who crossed their path met a quick end at Benny’s weapon or Dean's sword.
Castiel winced at Dean’s rough voice. “You know I could--”
“Sure did, buddy. What did you do?”
"I do!" Dean slammed his palms on the table. The coffee in his mug rippled, spilling over the sides. "But— but this isn't normal for you. Nothing's normal. And I just—" Dean let out a frustrated groan. "I just want things to go back to normal."
Dean doesn’t want to hunt anymore.
“What? Off to bed already? The night’s still young,” Balthazar said, “you should go out on the town, get a drink, and--”
“Oh, fun. See you around.”
“Yeah. Becky needed to see her brother, so I covered for her.”
Dean bit back his instant denial. No one would believe it, not even Dean. Benny offered Dean another drink. He took it.
“There was a break-in last night,” Captain Singer said. “Or not really a break-in. I’m not sure. There’s this kid and he got possessed or something. Never seen anything like it.”
“You’ve never had apple cider?" Dean asked. "We would drink it all the time back home to keep warm.”
Castiel continued to stare at Dean, his head tilted to the side as he thought about Dean’s words. “How very human of you.”
Dean gripped his hair with both hands. He blinked rapidly as his mind raced.
Now in Castiel’s space, Dean saw the flash of hope in Castiel’s eyes when he asked, “Home?”
The plea in Dean's voice made Castiel do as asked.
Lenore clapped her hands once. “We have more important things to discuss. I need to know why you have the Angel’s sword.” She gestured to the Dean’s pack, where it sat under the table by the door.
“Need?” Dean squeaked. He cleared his throat and, as if his thoughts had not just wandered down a dangerous road, said, “Right, right. I wanted to ask you something.”
At least, that was until a certain angel came off the line with a crack in his chassis.
“I’ll consider it.” The king nodded. “Anyone else?”
you feel. But Cas—"
Oh, Dean was
They reached a field of blue and purple irises. Dean carefully followed Joshua's path to not crush them. Dean could not say why, but he felt the flowers were precious.
“It is beautiful, don’t you think?” Castiel reached out and checked that Dean was breathing. He was. Of course he was. He promised. “I’m not supposed to think that. I’m supposed to destroy cities and terrorize humans in a holy war they know nothing about. But you humans-- You humans are all so"-- Castiel looked down at Dean, watching the rise and fall of his chest, and counted his breaths-- “beautiful.”
Okay. Maybe he was. A little.
Dean shot out of bed. With his injuries, Castiel could not have gone far. Still wearing his clothes from the day before, Dean wrapped the blanket from the bed around his shoulders since had not replaced his cloak. He knew exactly where to go.
"I haven't figured that out yet," Castiel said.
“You look…” Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Different. Older.”
Dropping the last piece of fabric on the pile, Dean stood across from Cas. Under the faint glow of his cleaned wings, Cas was more than beautiful. He was gorgeous, glorious.
“A-anyway!” Dean pointed to the weapon racks behind Castiel. “I got some drills to torture a bunch of trainees with in less than an hour, so I was gonna check the gear.”
Castiel chucked and Dean scrambled to find the nearest rag. He cleaned the spill. When he looked up, he saw sparkling blue eyes, clear amusement dancing across them.
Sunlight streamed through the gap in the curtains, cutting across Castiel's lap. His hands— the skin smooth and healed, just like the rest of his vessel— warmed under the light. Castiel stared at them and remembered the blood which once covered them. He still did not know all the things he had done. He doubted he would ever know it all.
“Have I?” Castiel drew blood. “Would you like to test that?”
There was plenty Dean wanted, even if he did not realize it. Thus, he answered, “No,” though that did not feel correct. He rubbed his sweaty palms down his thighs as he searched for something else to say. “Are you planning to keep the beard?”
Castiel fell to his knees in the middle of the church. It was both complete and burned, filled and empty. The church was a vessel; it was a vessel for those inside it.
Dean saw none of that. He screamed his brother’s name, straining against the hold placed on him. Perhaps it was force of will. Perhaps Balthazar felt some regret. Either way, Dean broke free, rushing to Sam and catching him in the cradle of his arms before Sam fell in the dirt. Dean pressed a hand against the wound in his back. Sticky. Too much blood. Too much, too fast.
Benny crouched next to Castiel. Pamela, Garth, and Aaron jumped in front of Dean, Sam, and Castiel. The three defenders raised their swords. Ruby rolled her eyes.
Castiel bit the insides of his cheeks and squeezed his eyes shut.
“What happened to you guys?” Sam asked while he worked.
“You’re here.” Dean hooked his thigh around Castiel’s waist. “You’re home.”
His name was spoken in exasperation, but a little fond, too. It reminded him of Sam. Dean laughed. Castiel smiled.
Dean dropped the book into his lap. The bird man’s hard-eyed stare from the cover was in great contrast to Castiel’s expression. Dean flipped the book over.
“Oh gosh. There’s no need to fight.” A new voice, belonging to a small and slight man with a large grin, joined the other two. “Once we’re all in the army there’ll be no need for titles. I ain’t got one and we’ll still be on the same level. So let’s all be friends!”
Lost him in Hell.
“It’s okay, Dean. I got him.” When John opened his eyes, he was all human. He smiled. “I got him.”
“I’m here to help, Bobby,” Castiel said. He drew the Captain's attention to the four he brought with him, waiting a few paces back. “They need orders. I suppose we could consider it a final exam.”
Collapsing back onto the bed, Dean moaned Castiel's name. The prayer in Dean's voice filled Castiel with an indescribable emotion. Muscles taut with his building pleasure, Dean arched his back, thrusting deeper into Castiel's mouth. Dean tried to cry out Castiel's name but he could not speak. Castiel heard him anyway, through their joined hands resting on Dean's hip, through the prayers Dean continuously sent, through the salty taste of Dean's release. Castiel swallowed, allowing a part of Dean inside his vessel.
some necessary items.” He opened the box to show a flash of glittering gems before snapping it shut. “It’s our ticket through the Gate.”
“The Demons. C’mon kid, you really forgot where you are?”
“No.” Castiel raised his head and peered into Purgatory’s hungry maw, the Leviathan. He squared his stance and readied for battle. “My name is Castiel.”
The fourth time, it happened because Dean caught the flu.
The wings trembled as Dean approached. The darkness which covered them absorbed all the light around it. Dean peered into the gloom, seeking out Cas. When Dean reached his destination, he kneeled at the foot of the bed and laid a hand on Cas's knee.
The entire Host filled the throne room, an unbroken circle of Celestial bodies surrounding Castiel at the centre. The Metatron pushed off the Throne of God. His ceremonial robes swished about his feet as he strode to stand before Castiel.
Dean laughed his way down the hall, leaving Sam to pull an exacerbated face with no one to see it. Sam threw up his hands, then headed to the castle gardens.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have--” Castiel would not look at Dean. He looked at the floor. “I’m sorry.”
"Something big and dire in there?" Dean asked.
“Oh, sorry. I didn’t--” The voice cut off abruptly which made Castiel acknowledge the new arrival. “Hold on.
A ringing titter sounds in Dean’s ear. Great. Now even Sparky laughs at him.
Castiel did not fight his fall. He tumbled through the endless darkness. Lifetimes passed before he landed. All around him was deep, dark black. He was alone. His mission was unfulfilled. There was no sound. There was no colour. He was alone in the empty.
Castiel became
"You ever gonna give me your name kid?"
“We know. The Metatron is just a single being. We will best him.” Dick was a step away from Castiel. He paid no mind to the weapons held by Dean and Benny on either side of him. “We believe this form will sit comfortably upon the Throne of God.”
Dean pulled his hands back from Ellen and wiped at his eyes. Ellen took Dean’s empty glass and headed to the back to refill it. Using the time she was away to collect himself, Dean managed to look her in the eyes when she returned.
“Thanks. Uh, I guess what I’m trying to say is…”
“What?”
“Who’s Cas?”
“All my life,” Dean said to the dirt beneath his feet, “I’ve been the town’s charity case. Dad left us and we lived with Ellen. We were fed by the farmers. And I couldn’t pay them back. Not that they would expect it but--” Dean sighed. “So I came here because I figured I’d be able to better take care of Sam this way. And he’s happy here. I know he is. But that because of what you did and nothing that I--”
Beyond the Gate, a door awaited them. Its rectangular shape was half-hidden in the bright bloom. Balthazar did not hesitate, reaching into the light and grasping the handle with ease. With a flourish, Balthazar held the door open for Castiel and Dean.
"You've been touched," Joshua said, pressing a fingertip against Dean's side, exactly where Gordon Walker stabbed him all those years ago, "right here. When I heard the song of Heaven and investigated it, I noticed you right away. I didn't think I knew you but I couldn't be sure."
“I don’t know.” Castiel blinked up at Dean. “You’re the expert. I trust you.”
"You know I don't drink much these days."
“Easy for him to say. He’s got the whole damn Realm at his fingertips.”
“I find myself in need of a good set of armour.”
“We’ll get him back.” Castiel’s soft words were full of conviction.
Bye-bye, for now. I hope to see you next time! <3
“Cas!” Dean cried when he saw Castiel slam into the tree behind him.
A sharp rock dug into the sole of his boot. Castiel kicked it away. Fallen leaves crunched underfoot, their edges tinged with the first hint of autumn. Every shadow, every gust of wind which loosed more leaves to the ground, made Castiel drop his hand to his sword and survey every corner, every hint of movement.
Dean rolled onto his back and opened his eyes. The annoyed furrow between Castiel's brows made Dean raise an eyebrow.
The first time it happened, it was an accident.
“I know everything.” The Metatron grinned, the malevolent gleam behind it unfitting for Kevin’s face. “I’m God.”
There is a third thing Dean wants Cas to be but Dean’s too afraid to even think it, let alone ask for it.
“Yes I am, Sam. My mom’s gonna be there.”
“Because if there isn’t, I’d suggest you leave before Metatron tries to find you.”
Castiel ran his hands down Dean's naked chest and rested them on his hips. Dean shivered when Castiel added pressure.
The memory of the hellhound’s hot breath on Castiel’s face and the Metatron’s words made Castiel suppress a shiver. He kept his back to Dean, unsure if he could keep his expression as neutral as his voice.
“Yes. It’s similar. Though I don’t believe we’ll need to, uh…” Cas tilts his head and searches for the phrase. When he finds it he uses air quotes. “...hitch a ride.”
"Because I told him. Because I talk to him." Sam gestured with the shake bottle so forcefully Dean thought the liquid was about to coat the ceiling. "You should try it sometime."
"Yeah." Dean smiled, soft and sincere. "I mean, you did give me that vision— or whatever you call it. You're, like, super into me, huh?"
To avoid eye contact, Dean sipped his water. Of course, that told Ellen everything she needed to know.
“Is there anything else you wish of me?” Castiel asked.
among you dumb, useless, snivelling humans. For what?”
“That would be due to the spike that went through it when the spirit threw you.” The doctor opened the door and headed down the empty hospital hallway. “Dean, are you well?”
"Man, if this is how you want to work on our problems, I am
?” Dean licked his lips. “I-- you--” Garth nodded encouragingly and let Dean stutter his way to a full thought. “I went to your
ceremony?”
"Stardust." Cas flicked his wrist again and the blade disappeared into a shower of shimmering dust. "It can hurt just as well as it can heal."
The Shadow tilted its head and forced a smile through tightly pressed lips. More black spots appeared on the trench coat where the fingers clung to the sleeves; they pulsated slightly.
“I thought you ‘just wanted to talk,’” The Shadow said, making air quotes with both hands. “Or did you have something else in mind?”
“And hid it under the tree.”
“Let’s go home,” Dean whispered in Cas’s mouth and felt him nodding. And they kissed again.
"As ready as I could be."
So, right, I have a question that was probably discussed before in the fandom, I just haven't seen it. According to SuperWiki, Chuck returned Cas as a seraph, and, I guess, he remained one for the later seasons. Then why the hell he has only one pair of wings? I mean, shouldn't he have 6 wings? And why didn't they state any of this in the show?
"What I'm saying," Sam continued, rolling his eyes, "is that it may not work like the key to Billie's library did. But it will." He clapped Dean on the shoulder with the sympathetic look that his brother usually hated.
“Tell me when to stop.”
“We might not need it anyway. Maybe the Empty is already asleep.”
“Almost ready. Good thing you had all these God’s belongings lying around.”
Eileen placed her palm on Sam’s shoulder, and he grunted in response with a small smile. He fleetingly brushed the hair back from his forehead and furrowed his brows. Holding the paper next to the bowl, he read the spell, distinctly uttering each sound. The liquid flickered once more as the portal appeared on their right.
The Empty wasn’t an exception. The moment Dean entered the area, the hair on his hands stood on end. Someone was indeed watching him, monitoring his every movement, but his discreet observer could’ve been anywhere. Space around lacked beginning and end, up and down, or any starting point except for the furiously glowing portal. Dean leaned his hands on his knees, his half-bent body urging him to get closer to the floor, which was also missing. He shakily stood on nothingness and stared at his scuffed boots outlined against total blackness.
"It's not negotiable. Take it or leave it."
"I accept your offer," The Shadow said so abruptly that Dean didn't notice when the humming stopped and the speech started. He was opening his mouth when the creature pointed the finger in his direction and added, "On one condition. Castiel's deal stands." With each following word, it stepped closer, piercing through Dean with familiar blue eyes. "The moment he feels happiness, I take him back."
“Bade your farewell?”
"Learn Enochian, apparently," Dean answered with a raise of a brow, turning to his brother. "You?"
Dean lowered his head so that his eyes were on Cas’s level when he added:
The grace was reluctantly flowing in a thin stream as if struggling to move at all. The sound it produced was as faint as its movement. It felt like ages passed before Cas touched Dean’s shoulder and muttered, “Almost there.”
“Wouldn’t it be funny if I said yes?”
“I’m not sure,” Sam answered, looking over others with determination. “But once I get my hands on a dictionary, I…”
“Claire is looking forward to seeing you.”
“It’ll knock everyone off.”
“Could it be…”
“Fewer responsibilities?”
Cas didn’t really react. He sat, frozen, in his seat, fingers white from clenching. Yet, Dean observed how his eyebrows slightly arched in the middle and ultimately failed to contain hopefulness when he said softly:
“And did it just,” Eileen slowed down in the middle, gesturing in their direction, “let you go?”
"What the hell am I supposed to do with it, Jack?" Dean muttered, his eyes turned to the letters on the shank. He couldn’t escape an intrusive thought that the key bore no relation to the Empty and opened some kind of treasure chest. The idea alone caused his stomach to curl. It didn’t add up, though. If it were a key to happiness like Jack had implied, it could lead only to Cas.
“Oh, buddy, you’ve missed one hell of a time.” Dean couldn’t resist a smile. “The kid’s God now.”
Dean gets Cas out of the Empty, but new problems emerge (bc of course they do). It's basically the first half (maybe a little more than half of the episode that I came up with).
"It was the last ingredient. Dean, are you ready?"
Pushing it forward, Dean plodded on. What he saw was reminiscent of any other storage room in the bunker. Three ceiling lamps lightened sufficiently to see the shelves and desks clearly, every surface covered in manuscripts and artifacts. The room lacked free space and other exits, as Dean could conclude from his perspective. Diving into the smell of decaying books, he heard familiar steps behind and didn’t bother to turn around.
“We have to deal with it now. Maybe closing the Empty for good?”
“I’ll hide it. At least, for a while. Heaven may need it.”
“So? Did it work?”
Sam removed the crystal orb that they’d found in the secret room from the tiny canvas sack. The transparent surface permitted light through so eagerly that it would’ve burned his hand if it had contained water inside. Not daring to tighten his fingers around such a fragile object, Sam handed it to Eileen, who carefully opened it in half. She held both halves in her palm as Sam slowly poured the dark shiny liquid from the bowl into one of them and then closed it. The orb lighted up for a second and went out.
"So?"
“Eat the burger, I guess.”
“I’ll keep you till He arrives.”
“Where’s Jack?” Cas asked, having glanced around. He directed the question to everyone, though he locked his eyes on Dean in anticipation.
“It’s good, right? Neither heaven nor the Empty can get you now.”
Dean shifted a little, releasing a key from his pocket, and looked it over. He ran his thumb over the engraved letters and muttered them. Nothing happened. With a huff, he threw his head back under Sam’s observant eye.
The blue eyes fixed on his face, it fell silent for a moment. While Dean slowly took a deep breath, relaxing muscle by muscle, The Shadow folded the arms on the chest in one exaggerated movement and squinted.
"Give us at least one day," Dean argued, but the creature cut him off again.
“Well, the kid is God now.”
“Good luck, Dean.”
Everything happened too quickly for Dean to process. One second he was trying to catch his breath as he took the grace extractor and removed the safety cap, the next, he was supposed to be ready to use it on Cas. He inhaled slowly when Cas’s fingertips guided the needle to the right spot on the neck and exhaled once he pushed it in. Dean bit his lower lip, forbidding his hands to tremble, and pulled the plunger.
Cas was okay, or so it seemed. He was paler than before but could stand on his legs without a visible struggle and took his hand off Dean upon realizing it. With an unreadable expression, Cas retrieved a vial on a thin chain necklace. The glass was nearly transparent in the shadow where they stood. As Cas was slowly but surely injecting it with his grace, it began shining brighter than the sun above. The veil didn’t obscure the glistering mix of light blue and white colors in the slightest.
“Then you know that I can talk to him. He can fix your noise issues with one finger snap.”
After these words, after his firm assertion, Dean knew: there was no hope. Jack wasn't the same kid who was willing to expose his powers or die to save everyone he could. New God was beyond moral grounds or mortality, achieving peace within himself and among the worlds. He returned the humans Chuck had annihilated but won't interfere with people's choices and decisions. In other words, he won't bring Cas back. This revelation alone formed a lump in Dean's throat that expanded so fast it could've burst open. He looked away, forcing himself to ignore it.
“Useless? What are you talking about?”
“I’ve heard that one before.”
Cas caught his breath, quickly returning the hug, and exhaled loudly upon hearing the words. It lasted mere seconds before Dean distanced himself, though not far enough to take his hands off the shoulders.
He left the street, dissolving in the air in the process, but nothing else seemed to alter. A car honked in the distance, some birds chittered in the trees, the cafe's bell ringed, signaling a customer's arrival. People talked over a cup of coffee; people conversed while walking; people laughed, sitting on the bench. Miracle showed up at the Winchesters' legs, waking them from their trance.
He stood there, surrounded by humans whom he created back into existence. The street was filled with noises since Jack's presence didn't mute them, enhancing every sound instead. With the small shining smile, he seemed so young and hopeful that it reminded Sam of the day he was born. Yet his eyes were no longer naive or searching for something. It wasn't wisdom that prevailed in the way he observed people around, nor was it Chuck's curiosity in the earlier days, when he wasn't bored with Humanity. It was a peacefulness and satisfaction as if he finally found all the answers. And he did.
"Oh, sorry, what was that? Couldn't quite catch it."
“I’ve heard you had trouble sleeping lately. Since Jack’s, well, God’s last visit.” Dean noticed how an agitated expression appeared for a brief second and changed to indifference. Observing not-Cas’ face, he wondered whether his close acquaintance with Jack was the only reason why the creature was listening to him at all. “You know about it, right?”
“But it will last. Hours, days, months...Depends on your luck, I guess.”
"Okay."
He responded by merely throwing his hand in the air. Almost stumbling on the turn, Dean approached the closest door and stood still in front of it. He breathed a broken sigh and brought the key near the lock. Its size appeared to fit, but nothing else could be inferred without examining the hole or the bit. Dean closed his eyes, tilting his head, as he put the key in and twisted it counterclockwise in one rushed motion. Click, and the door opened on its own.
They reluctantly parted when lungs demanded oxygen and elbows ached from repeatedly hitting the Impala. Their eyes closed, foreheads touching, they took deep breaths and smiled so wide it hurt.
“You gonna leave it here?”
Only then, as Sam crouched to pet the dog, Dean felt something cold burning his palm. A small key laid forgotten, hidden in his clenched fist. Nothing particular stood out about the object, except for the carvings on its shank - letters of the language Dean recognized immediately. Enochian.
It was when it clicked. Sam must’ve been right: Jack had indeed woken the Empty up and let it be. Their plan could work.
“We’re almost here. We should move.”
Dean stepped inside the room in the bunker, accompanied by a loud ‘whoosh’ sound. He turned to face Cas but tugged his hand with so much force that the angel tripped and fell right into his arms upon entering. As the portal closed behind them, he was lying on Dean’s chest, with one hand wrapped around his waist. The fingers of his other hand still held on to the angel’s wrist.
Could the Empty get Cas without his grace? Dean doubted it but had eagerly agreed to drive the angel to a “safer” place in the morning. Eileen and Sam only exchanged weird looks in response and claimed that they had a lot of work to do in the bunker — like some research in a mystery room or checking upon other hunters, right, Sam? yeah, definitely, other hunters needed a quick check-up. you guys can handle it without us. — and left the task to the two of them. As soon as the sun came up, Dean and Cas hit the road.
“Look, I offer you an exchange,” he continued, putting the glowing ball back in the sack, A pill that will send the Empty back to sleep and bring you peace even if for a while — no more noise, no more disturbance — for Cas.”
“You want him back too, right? It shouldn’t be this hard, you know.”
He turned to Dean with a half-smile. Facing away from the sun, with an almost celestial crown of light around his head, he appeared far from being a human. Dean involuntarily questioned the statements about his fading grace, even though he had witnessed it himself. Yet the dark blue of the eyes was so recognizable and dear that he wanted to believe.
The watches beeped ten minutes left. Cursing under breath, Dean checked behind his back, where no one remained. Only then he noticed that the buzzing had stopped.
“I found a book in Middle English,” Eileen said. “We don’t need a dictionary for that, don’t we?”
He waved in an unspecified direction and left upon seeing the corner of Cas’s lips curl upward. He didn’t fight his smile on his way back to the road.
“Nope, just the talk,” he replied and finally let go of the machete, raising his hands, palms out. “I came here to offer a solution.”
The day before, in the bunker, Sam, Eileen, and Dean had filled him in on all the events of the last weeks. After defeating God, nothing had happened in regards to action as the three of them sat still, covered in books and random manuscripts related to the Empty. So, they focused on repeating everything leading up to their victory, with which Eileen was already familiar enough to contribute.
He was on the point of moving towards Jack but stopped and closed his eyes. Gesturing to Sam not to intervene, Dean collected himself. Despite his anger, his desperation, he knew they couldn't afford a new enemy right now, yet he might have been coming dangerously close to displeasing God. Again.
Dean hummed in agreement. Before he was able to add anything, Cas twitched in his seat and said:
“Here’s one in Enochian.”
They ran as fast as they could but didn't seem to get closer to the portal. Since the buzzing from troubled beings ceased, nothing produced sounds apart from their sprinting. The watches beeped five minutes left. Dean's rhythmic breathing burned his throat and nostrils with freezing air, but he chose to ignore it. He concentrated all his attention on the glow in the darkness and Cas's firm grip. The angel visibly struggled to run in a straight line, though kept up.
"Let's not get ahead of ourselves."
Another pause was threatening to appear. Dean reminded himself that the creature could’ve been able to read minds; thus, his only option was to speak genuinely yet wisely. As he cleared the throat to continue, the creature rolled the eyes and groaned.
“He would’ve told us if he did.”
"And you can have this, you know. You can have me."
Dean regretted not thinking straight and allowing him to stand during the extraction. It must’ve been draining, judging from the breathy voice and the way Cas latched onto his arm, yet changing their position was out of the question. Dean couldn’t risk harming his friend in the process.
There was nothing Sam or Dean could've said in response. They had questions and objections, but words appeared meaningless compared to the quiet confidence of the New God.
Under Sam’s tender look, she opened the book on the pages that she kept her index finger between. The edition must have been from the Medieval times, but the volume seemed mere years old, lacking spots or hue. Eileen scanned the text until she found the right place.
"Well, almost. Now we have another problem.” Dean lost his smile, his expression changing from soft to stern in a second. “ As soon as it wakes up — and we cannot claim that it hasn't already — it will wait for Cas to be happy. Once he's happy, it'll take him back."
"It was his sacrifice!" Dean nearly screamed, spitting the words in one forceful stream.
The Shadow looked content, even satisfied, as it put its hands in the pockets. Scrutinizing the borrowed face, Dean swiftly realized that there was neither time nor point in fighting. Through the gritted teeth, he muttered: "Fine."
“Arabic.”
Dean moved to him, wiping his dusty fingers on the jeans. The closer he got, the more visible Sam’s alarmed expression became, and the quicker his pace grew. Once he approached, he took the book from his brother, who immediately turned to sign everything to Eileen.
“Yeah, I guess. We deserve a little celebration.” Grinning, Dean shifted his gaze to his free hand and started drawing circles on the hood. “Bye, Jody. Tell the girls we said ‘hi.’”
As he finished the call, he managed to take another sip before Cas got close enough to speak without raising his voice. A smile grew on his lips as he noticed the bag.
“Hey! Anyone’s here?” Dean shouted, barely expecting anyone to answer.
“It says,
“I’ll help.”
“So, are you gonna talk, or you had something else in mind?”
“Yeah.”
The first steps are generally the most dangerous while entering a portal. Once on the other side, the only things that can save you are your instincts and skills (and luck, but Dean never used to rely on it). One step forward, and you have to be ready for a sudden attack right away, even before you have an opportunity to look around. If no one’s trying to kill you, for now, as the following step, you still have to take all the surroundings into account, adjusting to the environment in mere seconds. An enemy can come from anywhere, especially from the portal you’ve just gone through. Thus, the next step is to move and move fast as if somebody’s watching you. Usually, somebody does.
"I love you, Cas."
“Nothingness,” Dean started, clearing his throat before the next words. “Cas described it like darkness all around, so it adds up.”
Cas carefully placed the veil back on his palm and turned to the tree.
(See the end of the chapter for
His thumb, tracing over the letters on the key, stopped on the central symbol. It really shouldn’t have to. As Sam and Eileen entered the room, he jumped off the table and dashed to the bunker’s halls.
“We don’t have more time. Let’s do it.” He turned to face Eileen as soon as he finished. “How’s the portal?”
The Shadow examined Dean, furrowing brows in a way that looked unnatural on Cas’s face. The whole expression was distorted by the emptiness in the eyes, so real and frightening that no other being could’ve had them. Yet it was almost comforting; it reminded him that the creature wasn't using Cas’s body but merely copying him.
Cas let out a shaky breath and sniffled. His eyes had filled up with water by the end of the monologue, and tears started streaming down his face when Dean cupped it, shortening the distance between them. Tenderly wiping the skin under the eyes, he smiled unsurely in wait for his reaction, and Cas could only grin at him. He placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders and pulled him closer and slowed down for a moment. The hot breath between their lips, gentle touches that pierced through the skin, wet lines on the cheeks, and a limited view with only each other's eyes in sight. They sighed. They smiled.
The more Dean focused on the area around him, the more he wanted to puke. All the thoughts in his head mixed in one unintelligible mess that resulted in high-pitch ringing in his ears. He refused to close his eyes, which could’ve caused more dizziness, and turned his vision to the portal. Dean observed it long enough to take his mind off the space. When the noise and nausea receded, he stood upright and gave the place another look-over.
Nothing was weird about the place. It was the same old field without signs or houses around — they’d passed similar areas en route. The only thing that stood out was a huge oak a couple of miles away from them. Its branches spread out in every direction; its vibrant green foliage appeared so dense that it hid the bright blue of the sky. Dean shielded his eyes with his hand and followed Cas, who had moved to the tree with no delay. Soon he was forced to quicken his pace to keep up. The angel had no problem moving forward, even when rare blades of tall grass clung heavily to his trenchcoat as if intending to hold him.
“What is this place?” Sam’s voice drowned in the stale air.
"But I..."
The statement made Cas’s smile spread a little. As he twisted his head, the sun illuminated the wrinkles near the corners of his eyes.
“Can I..” he said over the shoulder, gesturing towards the trunk.
One minute. The line was considerably thinner than earlier. It was present, even though its light almost faded. Eyeing the angel behind him, Dean considered stopping for a moment to grip Cas tight around his waist but was discouraged by the dangerously slight glimmer ahead. When he stepped into the light, he only wished not to return alone.
"I know, Sam. And I will. But first, I have so many things to do. To fix." Jack said with the same sincere mindful smile, but his voice was kinder when he added. "And you do too."
He helped Cas stand up, wrestling him from Dean’s grip, and locked him in a hug. Eileen was quick to notice that his legs wobbled a little and brought the closest chair. As Cas sat down, squinting in the bunker’s dim light, Dean made his way to the table beside him. Relying on its edge, he released a sigh. The room hadn’t changed at all over the time he had spent in the Empty, to his delight.
Dean closed the distance between them. He reached out, circling his arms around Cas's waist. Then, one Cas relaxed into him, leaned forward and kissed Cas, gentle and closed-mouthed.
Sam’s shit-eating grin doesn’t go unnoticed by Dean nor does his soft chuckle. Every time Sam glances at Dean, he makes that face and makes that sound.
A flash of anger broke through Castiel's emptiness, his numbness, and he shook his head over and over until all his tears had gone away. The corner of Joshua's mouth twitched upward.
“Castiel,” the Metatron said, “what a polite greeting. I suppose you’re trying to be part of society again? Like you could.”
“He’s the Angel. You know the legend. The Angel will kill us all.”
He may have slept. It was difficult to tell but, when he opened his eyes after closing them for one second, a vampire loomed over him. Reflexes slowed, Castiel did not fight back when the vampire straddled him, a hand pressed against his chest to hold him down. The vampire’s sharp fingernails scratched Castiel’s skin, finding one of the many tears in Castiel’s worn leather armour.
"No," Joshua whispered.
Dean woke up on the world's— no the universe's— most warm, fluffy, and comfortable cloud. He was enveloped in softness and safety and love. Dean rolled over onto his side and found the sky.
“I don’t get it,” she muttered into her lap. “I mean you’re just... human.”
Dean would not have said anything if it was not for the Captain’s well-placed kick to his shin. “Uh, thanks.”
Castiel followed the Captain's path to the temporary stage in the training grounds, set so the castle loomed behind it. Gold banners representing the crown waved from the castle walls, large and imposing. It was all carefully designed to give the appearance of grandeur and might. After all, the Capital was the greatest city in the Realm and needed to show it. One would not want to die for a nation without wealth, of course.
When Sam closed his eyes, John sat up, the movement quick and natural. He never groaned or clutched at his side like every time before. His eyes shone in the yellow light.
Linda leaned her head back toward the sun. “Maybe we won’t need to head back home so soon.”
Caught in the hazy recollection of his memory, Castiel seized hold of the hand on his shoulder. A surprised yelp made Castiel blink. The hand was clean of blood or feathers. Castiel blinked again and the Throne of God faded away to be replaced by Meg’s kitchen. His face was pressed against a wooden floor but no one restrained him. Castiel sat up and braced himself against the wall. The hand went with him.
“I don’t know,” Castiel said, “but he promised me he would see this through to the end.”
That last one caught Jack's attention.
When Castiel stepped back, Dean noticed the sun’s absence.
“Take the fight to Metatron?” Dean balked. “Your Majesty, you
The snarls of unseen dogs followed them through the forest. The thick undergrowth slowed their progress and the high canopy turned day into night. The people who traversed this area were the brave, the foolish, and the desperate. Castiel, at varying times in his life, had been all three.
“I don’t know,” Dean said. “Cas, what are you talking about?”
“How can you--”
“Why’s that?”
“That’s what he told us, after you, um, left. It’s why all of Heaven backs him.”
"Did you know this place used to be all ocean?" Castiel tried to take a deep breath but there was water in his lungs. "I was just there."
“So.” He shuffled in his place, tapping his foot against the ground. “How does it feel? To be a human again.”
"Dean?"
“Of course.”
“That’s...something.”
"Never would think otherwise, Sammy, but I need you here.” Dean turned his flashlight on and off and, satisfied by its condition, continued. “If something happens, and we won't return, I need you to be here, to keep moving and holding this place together. And taking care of Miracle, okay?"
“Exactly.” He looked over Sam and Eileen while realization started to hit them and stared Cas in the face. “The Empty has no control over humans, right? And you’ll be hidden from it forever. So…”
The first steps are generally the most dangerous while entering a portal. Once on the other side, the only things that can save you are your instincts and skills (and luck, but Dean never used to rely on it). One step forward, and you have to be ready for a sudden attack right away, even before you have an opportunity to look around. If no one’s trying to kill you, for now, as the following step, you still have to take all the surroundings into account, adjusting to the environment in mere seconds. An enemy can come from anywhere, especially from the portal you’ve just gone through. Thus, the next step is to move and move fast as if somebody’s watching you. Usually, somebody does.
Upon hearing his own voice, he noticed that it rang not in silence but over a sound. A constant buzzing, a mix of whispering and struggling, and moaning, and something distinctively else, filled the seemingly unlimited space. The noise was almost subaudible but continuous and too tangible to be ignored any longer. It touched bare skin and stuck between the layers of clothes. Dean couldn’t determine its source as if the buzzing was coming from everywhere at once.
Dean let out a sigh. It was a hand-drawn illustration in black and white that depicted complete darkness with a single silhouette in the bottom right corner. The figure was facing the nothingness in front of them, standing so far in the background that their face wasn’t even drafted. What was drafted was a contour of their wings.
"It was his choice."
The creature put an index finger over its lips and started humming. The almost inaudible melody contrasted greatly to the place's overall buzzing and lacked pattern and structure. Dean huffed silently, tapping his foot against the nothingness of the floor. Once again, he hoped the creature couldn’t read his thoughts.
"Eileen is alive."
“As a matter of fact, I would,” Cas said, taking the second cup of coffee from Dean’s extended hand above the car’s hood, and leaned on the door.
Slowly but surely, the weight of his words reached Sam and Dean's minds. It smoothed the wrinkles on their foreheads, and they smiled. He stood as the embodiment of balance, and peace, and freedom, and everything the Winchesters could've expected from God but had no luck before. But it was still Jack that they knew and loved who raised his palm in a familiar gesture and waved goodbye.
"Cas didn't deserve it," he said, his tone low and patient.
“Jody called. Invites us to celebrate the victory over Chuck.”
“It won’t last long.”
"Hey, buddy, you alright?" he pronounced breathlessly, supporting the angel by his shoulder. A moment later, his hands cupped Cas's face, his thumbs carefully pulling the soft skin under the eyes. The pupils were dilated, but he reacted to Dean's actions, following the movement of the index finger in front of him.
“Calm, I suppose. Now that I’m a human, heaven can’t reach me as easily. I hear no one.”
A hand on the handle, he stole a glance at Dean, who picked the bag and opened the front door. Taking another sip from the cup, he started the car. Since the engine fired, Cas didn’t avert his gaze from the windshield.
"Of course. I returned everyone who shouldn't have disappeared."
"Now, the pill," The Shadow said in a low voice, suddenly stern, and extended its expectant hand. Placing the orb on its palm, Dean didn't bother to come up with a remark or return the glare. Instead, he turned around and covered the distance to his friend in a split second. Cas had already regained consciousness and tried to sit straight, relying on his elbows.
"I think."
"With Chuck not writing our story anymore, we get to write our own." Sam's carefully chosen words broke the silence.
“I mean, I’ll need a dictionary for that one.”
The corners of Cas’s lips twitched as the information slowly reached him. His hands remained intertwined on his knees, but he dropped his shoulders and leaned on the chairback, visibly relaxing. He looked fine, as far as Dean could tell. Tired, but fine.
"Went as we planned," Dean started to answer, looking at Sam and Eileen in front of him, but ended up returning Cas’s inquiring gaze. “I made it an offer it couldn't resist: gave it a sleeping pill in exchange for you.”
. But “the gates” can also be “the portal” as, you know, English.”
“And Chuck?”
"I won't.”
“It’s a simple transaction: you give me Cas, I give you the pill, and we part our ways. As soon as I’m home, I talk to God about your problem. Deal?”
"Cas, you're amazing,” Dean blurted out and immediately decided against stopping there. “You're the one who rebelled and defied Chuck even before we knew that he was behind all of it. You gave us, me, the strength to carry on and fight for what is right. Your decisions, even the ones I disapproved of, saved the world numerous times. I want you to know that you are a real hero, and not because of your angelic powers, but everything that makes you — you."
"Let me. Let me finish," he stumbled. "I spent nights thinking of your speech. You said that happiness is in just being, but I disagree. Happiness is not in just being. Neither it is in having nor doing what you enjoy, or something cheesy like that. Frankly, I don't know what happiness is and where to find it. The only thing I know is that I cannot have mine without you."
“I think there will be other books devoted to the Empty,” Eileen added, gently rubbing a thumb across the page. “Maybe even in the same crisp condition.”
“A solution? To me? What can you possibly…”
"People won't need to pray to me or to sacrifice to me." Even pronouncing these words, for a moment, he looked confused at the prospect of someone hurting themselves in order to please him. "They just need to know that I am already a part of them and to trust in that."
Standing in front of the shimmering orange line, Dean faced them one last time and nodded. With tightly pressed lips, he extended a hand and entered the portal.
“You know. Without my powers.” Cas glanced at Dean and smiled unsurely upon meeting his worried gaze. “I’m okay with being a human, I am. I awaited it so long: seeing the world in mesmerizing colors, tasting the food with its intrinsic flavors, feeling...emotions at full capacity. It’s just. I understand that I’ll be less helpful. Maybe I...”
"We don't have much time right now, but basically, I'm getting you the hell out of here."
Three minutes. The signal broke through the pounding in Dean's ears and forced him to pick up speed. He saw the light turning from the faint dot into the shimmering light and mentally prayed to Cas just to hold on.
SPN is a bitch, and I love it so much.
“Then who’s gonna talk to Jack?”
“Why don’t I just take it from you?”
“I thought you’d like a burger or two once you’re human.”
“Wait,” Dean exclaimed, turning so that he could face everyone. “We can’t really hide Cas. It said it could find his grace anywhere. But without it...”
“Cas will be human.”
Despite the circumstances, there was no tension in the air around them. Either the dark circles under Dean’s eyes or deep lines between Cas’s brows, or both excluded a possibility of any in-depth conversation. They mostly sat in silence, listening to the blowing wind and the motor hum. It was Dean who broke it, having finished his coffee. Joyfully tapping his fingers against the wheel, he said:
“I mean, yeah, of course. But like, what’s next? What are you gonna do with your grace?”
Before The Shadow was able to respond, Dean reached to his inner pocket to reveal a dim glow. Hidden behind the layers of fabric, the orb didn’t light up until this moment. Dean retrieved it from the tiny sack and gently squeezed between his index finger and thumb to demonstrate. The creature gazed at it with cartoonishly big, mesmerizing eyes.
“It’s complicated,” Cas said, shifting his weight from one foot to another. “The right word will be ‘lonely.’ Lonely and useless.”
As he finished the phrase, Sam's phone buzzed with several new messages, coming one by one. He reached to his pocket and retrieved it in a broken motion. It took him several attempts to unlock it, his fingers shaking, but as he wrapped his head read the messages, a broad smile spread across his face.
“Hey, who’s the boss here? I just wanna talk!”
Cas could only nod in response as he felt Dean taking his hand and leading the way to the glimmering light afar. And they ran.
“Yeah, I know. I just hope it did.”
"You're still welcomed to visit us in the bunker any time. We'll miss you, you know."
"I said, fine. Now bring him back." Dean took the sack with the orb shining through it. He held it at face level between his fingertips but quickly recoiled from The Shadow's reaching hand. "Not until I see Cas."
Cas gave him a strained look and didn’t answer right away. Instead, he stared at his fingers, wrapped around the plastic cup with bitter cold liquid in it.
“Yes, okay,” Dean stumbled, unable to produce a coherent thought, still affected. “I’ll wait for you over there.”
“You have about an hour,” Sam said, and Dean stopped on his track to set up a timer on his watches. “Better put it on 50 minutes or less, just in case. And good luck.”
“Why do you look like him?”
Truth be told, Dean wasn’t sure. Neither was Sam or Eilleen. They’d read that the orb had a temporal effect on the Empty, but its length or what influenced it remained a mystery. No one had been able to check or test it, really.
“I brought you something, as well. A sleeping pill.”
Jack stepped back and looked around. His skin was somewhat glowing, illuminated by the sunlight and his white jacket. With an amicable expression on his face, he seemed content.
"We must go," Dean said, helping Cas to get up. "We should make it to the portal in time. Can you run?"
As opposed to Dean's worries, Jack didn't sound annoyed or entitled. In fact, he began to resemble his old self more. He treaded lightly towards the brothers, his feet barely leaving the ground. His eyes were warm when extended a fist. There was a moment of hesitance as Dean observed it, quickly eyeing Sam, and put his open palm under. His glance traveled back and forth between Jack’s face and hand and stopped on the former.
