I hold myself up on shaky arms, both of us panting and breathing in the same air as we try to recover. I hadn't climaxed like that in ages, more from my partner's release than from my own, and it is
Sherlock harrumphs and begins stalking to the offending room where the provocative singing is spilling out along with the steam. It was the wanker's fault for bringing the Problem out to play in the first place, and Sherlock was going to make sure he fixed it if it was the last thing he did.
The detective is sitting up, hands braced behind him, breathing heavily and panicked. His legs are twisted tightly in the sheets and his hair is sweaty and disheveled. It's hard to tell in the dark, but for a disorienting moment I think he's shaking. His head jerks in my direction when he hears me.
I hate this. Not because I'm probably about to die as well, but because I have to watch him die
"We're all skeletons, John. Walking, talking skeletons."
Some thoughts, a dream, and sunlight.
There's a slight strain in my pants that I try to will away. I'm still half-asleep, and all I really want to do is sit here and revel in the soft, early-morning atmosphere painted inside the walls of the flat.
Once we're out on the street, Sherlock hailing a cab, I decide to ask a seemingly
." John slapped a hand onto his hip forcefully, holding him in place. "Don't do that."
"Alright?" I ask from my armchair, forcing myself to sit still.
But most of London already thinks we sleep together anyway, so what's a bit of laundry between two friends?
"What is it, Sherlock?"
I tug his legs until his feet rest against the floor before reclining the seat he's in. He deserves to be comfortable. I watch as he takes a breath, each one bringing him closer and closer to his last.
"Jesus."
John's are on either side of his neck. This should be alarming. Threatening. Why isn't it?
There is a long, drawn out pause this time before the elder Holmes finally speaks.
John, don't stop."
"Every fairytale needs a good old-fashioned villain."
was any sign.
P.S. Did anybody see that live chat thing that Benedict did? That man, I swear.
There. That was a socially acceptable answer, wasn't it?
His brow is crinkled and his arms are trembling where they hold him above you, away from you. "You wanted me to."
No immediate threat.
It feels as if his entire body wraps around me then as he pulls me so that my back is against his chest. We're sitting on the cold tile floor, both soaking wet and shivering, and I have absolutely no desire to move. Not sure I can, really.
He opened his eyes.
I don't expect him to look at me. I expect him to huff and brush off my question like every other time I've asked. But he doesn't.
He and his brother share that look.
Old pipes rattle and squeal as hot water fills them while I help him out of his splint.
The detective gasps at the action and feels as though he's melting into the mattress beneath him. The buckle on John's belt bites into his hip bone as the doctor leans up to kiss him in a slow, intimate movement of lips, teeth, and tongues.
"I suppose I ought to begin the search for a compatible female to carry my child. Someone has to take my place when I'm gone."
He does that to people. He affects almost anyone he comes in contact with. The man has
"You need typing lessons," you say, and he chuckles as he closes the laptop and tosses it aside, choosing to pull you into his arms instead.
"I didn't even know you could grow facial hair."
It had been a good day. Saving a couple of lives tends to give John an extra pep in his step.
"I don't know what you are," he says quickly, eyes flickering to mine briefly.
I stare, unblinking, at the man in front of me. What does he mean by this? "What are you saying?" I ask quietly.
His muscles are stiff and unyielding against my loose embrace. Despite his relaxed appearance, he is tense to his core.
He could feel the soldier's eyes on him under hooded lids. John was assessing, balancing the pros and the cons, making a rational decision.
"Precisely," he says, completely serious.
I prefer women,
John's wise, wise hands are now both twined with yours, braced against the pillow above, holding you down, but not really. You realize you are biting your lower lip just as he hovers closer, brushing his with yours and releasing you with a soft sigh.
They burst into simultaneous giggles and Sherlock rests his forearm across his eyes.
I've just made it to the end of my drink when Sherlock abruptly stands up and throws his coat back on, shoving the scarf in his pocket. "That's our man."
A little disconcerted by where Sherlock had placed his hand, John shifted slightly. "What do you bloody well want me to do about it?"
"Do you know I wait up for you?" John asks without looking up from the newspaper he's reading in his armchair.
These are the moments when he makes me feel useless. Sherlock Holmes may be a brilliant man, but he's also a lonely one.
He pauses for a moment and we're both quiet. Finally, he speaks.
"What the
His legs were falling asleep. Gripping Sherlock's behind, he pulled up enough to allow himself to straighten his legs so Sherlock was now sitting on the floor, legs still sprawled wide around John. This brought parts of their body John had been desperately trying to ignore abruptly together and he bit back a noise.
this."
I quickly stand up and close the small step between the two chairs, leaning down and pulling his hand from its abuse on his hair. "Sherlock, hey, look at me. What's so quiet?"
I clasp his hand with my own and tug off the bottoms with the other. He lifts his hips and helps with his free hand. His pants beneath are slightly tented, but I don't focus on that, instead moving back up and pressing my cheek against his, lips by his ear. Slipping my fingers beneath the hem of his shirt, I ask, "Are you going to be cold if I take this off?"
I am SO sorry this is so late. I got home late last night and didn't have the energy to post. Hopefully this chapter makes up for the delay.
"Yes, since the bloody Fall, you bastard." I inwardly cringe at my own use of "bloody."
"Boring!"
"Something to do with me?"
"Sherlock."
"Shower?" John asks, still chuckling as he places a light kiss on the detective's lips.
Sherlock's brow is painted with a light sheen of sweat and he shoves his mop of hair away from his forehead as his breathing begins to even out again. "Bloody hell," he mutters, staring at the ceiling.
"No, John. Listen." He takes a sip, then sits up, swiveling until we're almost knee-to-knee. "Everything has been different since I came back. I know that. I threw the proverbial wrench in your plan for moving on—"
Sherlock. You can't just say things like that to people."
My eyes latch onto Sherlock.
"Let's go to bed, Sherlock."
You're going insane.
"Good. Fine. Great." I stand up and walk to the kitchen.
"I think you'll find that he does. Can't you tell?" The lean man begins dashing about the body as he examines every detail once more for the sake of Scotland Yard. In rapid-fire speech, he begins. "Judging by the state of his attire, he dressed himself. Obviously, there was no one to tell him the outfit didn't coordinate and that he missed a spot while shaving. His clothes are slightly ragged, implying either insufficient funds or lack of desire for new clothing items. Going by the highly expensive watch on his wrist, a gift from his boss of twenty years, and the meticulous state of his hair and nails, he makes good pay and has for quite some time. With an employer giving away such items, he would have to be making enough money to support himself comfortably. How come his clothing doesn't fit with the profile? He had someone else buying clothes for him for quite some time. Mother? Unlikely at his age. Sister? Possible, but still doubtful. Wife? Yes. There's the matter of the left ring finger, which bears no band at the present, but the slight indentation and tan line suggests there was for a while—come now, you all should know this!—and wasn't removed until recently. When I say recently…approximately a year, judging the state of his apparel. However, what was the cause for the removal? Not a death, since this type of man, devoted for so long, would have left it on or moved the ring to the right ring finger to symbolize his widower status. Divorce or separation then. Probably divorce.
John hands Sherlock the towel and the detective wraps himself the way a child would, not really doing anything to cover more...sensitive...areas, but keeping his shoulders and back warm.
this?"
I study Sherlock's still form. He's been like this for the past day, unmoving and unseeing. It is now a familiar posture for me to observe, but I worry about my flatmate. Where a usually passive expression resides on Sherlock's face, it is a slightly distressed one there now. A worry line creates a crease on his smooth forehead.
You let the words embrace you as you wonder if this torn apart feeling will ever leave your chest.
"Sherlock, look at me," I say firmly. His eyes are open and pure and heartbreakingly honest. I gentle my voice. "This is different than a few fingers. It's going to be tight and a bit uncomfortable. If anything hurts,
You think, for your own prideful benefit, that you knew since the instant you opened your eyes this morning.
, Sherlock, you know you're too big for that." He sounds peculiarly like a parent talking to a child.
I stop in the process of wadding up the wrappings to throw away. "What do you mean?"
"I don't want to come. I don't want to."
Mycroft sits in my chair and sips tea.
is right. Slow, sweet, unhurried.
With a frustrated cry, he slams his fist against the driver's side window with too much strength for his fragile bones. He lets out a pained sound and cradles the arm to his chest. Daft bugger probably broke his own wrist out of anger.
The smaller man continues his journey until he's standing between Sherlock's legs, and, without hesitation, gently straddles the detective's hips.
No more needs to be said.
And I want to
"Brilliant."
"Friends don't do each other's laundry."
At last, he gets up and pulls on his coat, fixing his scarf the way he likes it as well. I flip off the stove and he glares at me, but I don't let it scare me off. Sherlock Holmes is just a thirty-something-year-old bully.
"John!"
Sherlock. This man was extremely dangerous."
been.
Try again.
Grappling for the condom and lube, John slowly moved back to position. Sherlock's legs immediately wrapped back around him. The detective was reaching for him with long fingers and John allowed himself to be pulled to Sherlock, who planted sweet, delicate, desperate kisses all along his mouth, face, and shoulders.
John comes violently and abruptly, without warning, shouting Sherlock's name and spilling into him. He's blinded by the white that clouds his vision for a moment before he realizes Sherlock had come as well.
"Sherlock!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tea?" I murmur softly.
I pause in the process of unbuttoning my shirt. "What's wrong?"
In retrospective, he should have known it would happen like this.
"You would have gone first, you daft wanker!" I grit out, because this is too much. Today has been too much. This past
That's how you know you're going insane, because it
Sherlock was keening his name over and over again, sometimes nothing but a whisper, sometimes an insistent plea. In several quick movements, John had them both completely naked and pressed against each other.
However, when I return, another man has taken my seat and is talking excitedly to Sherlock. The detective, looking completely uninterested, isn't even facing the other guy.
It's utterly glorious.
"Let's get cleaned up, shall we?" I whisper, rubbing a thumb over one sharp cheekbone.
His eyes meet mine, wide and innocent, and something finally strikes me in my sternum.
And I can't take it. I can't handle these thoughts; so instead, I gently calm his frantic movements before lowering the taller man against the sheets. His breathing steadies out as I continue to alleviate him of his shoes and socks, then slip his trousers off, my touch whispering against his smooth skin.
The walls of 221B echo with your combined noises—gasps, cries, keens, moans—and you barely have the presence of mind to hope to
Sorry for the angst again. xD
I bat his hand away and yank the offending garment over my head. "Do
"Smartarse," I mutter, taking a sip.
The shorter man smiles. "It's okay. Everything's fine."
Completely, irrefutably,
I realize I'm holding his hand. More importantly, he's clinging to mine. With a gentle squeeze, I rest our twined hands on his knee. "But it's good, isn't it? Isn't it nice to have a rest?"
What a boring way to die.
Sherlock remains silent, but returns our landlady's hug.
John Watson takes pride in himself for being a patient, understanding man. It's helped him with relationships on an uncountable amount of times. But this...whatever sort of
Sitting up, Sherlock studies his face and body language and draws up a blank. All their time together and for once he can't tell a thing about the man on the other side of the room.
he all but screams, arching off the bed and letting out an assortment of noises. "Ohgodohgodohgod."
Presently, John realized his eyes had drifted closed and the noises from kitchen had stopped. Jerking back to attention, ready to dodge flying body parts if need be, he stared right into two impossible eyes.
"Yeah, I heard you. What is it?" I can see Sherlock, pale in the dim lighting, peeking up at me with big eyes.
"We have a case, John. Get up." He tosses the covers onto the floor and walks out before I can pull my gun on him.
Shaking his head, Sherlock tangles his fingers with John's, not really knowing how to convince him that he doesn't mind. "You took a knife wound done in anger and stitched over it with care. You changed that scar from a mark of failure to a mark of John Watson, and it will always be there. Part of me."
The friendly shadow hovers dangerously close now, threatening to burst. The murmuring secrets are left there. Unshared, yet understood. The detective admires the doctor’s heart as the older man brushes an adoring hand against harsh cheekbones.
"Listen to me. I don't have everything we need."
OH MY GOSH. Guys, I am SO SORRY this is so horribly late! I had some major writer's block and just couldn't get past it, plus a lot of Senior stuff I've had to deal with this past week. Ultimately, I have no excuse, however, for it being two weeks since my last post. Fortunately, this chapter ended up being a bit longer, so I hope that helps make amends. :)
"Not for what mattered." Sherlock's deep baritone breaks into my thoughts.
It takes me the entire day to finally scrape up the courage to talk to him about it.
"I…don't know." I had rather hoped it would just…
Further still, I think it intrigued him.
The flames are beginning to grow and dance as I make my way back to the sitting room, handing Sherlock a cup where he's sitting in front of the fireplace. His position has him right at the foot of my chair, but I sit anyway, quite past worrying about physical proximity at this point.
Placing a gentle kiss on the cool skin I say, "Come back to bed."
Rolling my eyes, I go back to reading the newspaper and wait for my flatmate to return.
John had his usually
. We had both survived this one.
"You don't look much better," John says, and then has Sherlock's torso abruptly vertical and his shirt abandoned on the floor.
"I just woke up," he complains, eyes still screwed shut as he rolls onto his back.
"I get killed."
John froze, trying to decide what would be best. "Sherlock, I don't have—"
"Sherlock," he forced out, kissing the detective's shoulder through his dressing gown. "Sherlock we need to get to the bed."
I hold out a hand for Sherlock before stepping into the warm shower, pulling him in behind me. I position him so he's getting the majority of the heat, never letting go of his hand. After a few moments, I reach for his shampoo.
His fingers suddenly fist into the fabric of my shirt, pulling me closer until his forehead rests on my chest. I can feel his hot breaths through the thin fabric as he slowly gets hold of himself.
I remain quiet, waiting until he's dropped into his chair across from me to set aside the paper. "Sherlock, this, what you're describing, is friendship."
John had been tense, and the moment his muscles relaxed, Sherlock knew. He
I can't be sure I've heard it. "Sorry, what?"
is incredible. He's tight,
Instead of that, I choose to say the line that could have come straight out of some corny romantic comedy: "What we always do. Risking everything."
Somehow, I get the feeling that the actions and the words have very little to do with each other.
Beautiful.
I give Lestrade a shrug and follow.
John shuddered slightly at the insinuations behind that statement. Slowly, keeping himself in check, he moved forward and knelt in front of Sherlock, his knees brushing the detective's legs. He cautiously raised a hand as if to touch Sherlock's cheek, but paused. "Have you even..." He cleared his throat. "Have you ever..."
"John, slow down."
Gripping the other man's narrow hips, he bends and lifts the detective onto the edge of the table, moving between those long legs even as they wrap around him, locking him in place. John pulls Sherlock's face back to his and starts the kissing process over again, this time taking it a little further. Sherlock isn't asking for sex this time, but he certainly is asking for a good snog, and John is more than happy to oblige.
"Yes, but fortunately," the apparent leader of the trio says with a wicked grin, "we don't need you two alive. Our boss would like to remain missing."
When I look up, Sherlock's eyes are boring into mine, his mouth slightly agape. Unusual.
There was also that time I carded my fingers through his hair on pure instinct as I had passed him sitting in his chair. I practically ran out of the room once I'd realized what I had done.
until you nearly scream with pain. He immediately stops and begins to pull back, but then you're really,
Sherlock rips off his robe, revealing his pyjama bottoms that are now uncomfortably tented. "Do you
I pull back and look into his eyes, pupils blown wide with arousal. His hair is scattered in a wild, curly mass and I haven't even touched it. Good god, the man's hair. "Bedroom?"
in reply. While I understood that this had been upsetting (it's hard to look into the faces of the men who tried to kill you and your closest friend), I was a bit surprised by how hard Sherlock was taking it. I hadn't seen him act this way since Irene Adler, and even still, that had been after he thought she was
I had never even allowed myself to imagine it. The man is so detached.
He knew when he'd found it. Sherlock's legs clenched so tightly he thought he might break his back for a moment. The detective's sounds were now explicit and needy and John thought desperately for a moment that he was going to come right then and there.
"You're a bloody idiot, Sherlock," I state ironically as I finish the wrapping and grab some ointment for Sherlock's busted lip and cheekbone.
I open my eyes to be faced with the plain white expanse of the bed beside me. There's a blanket and sheets and the escaping duvet, but no curly-haired detective. The glaring numbers on the clock beside my head tell me it's barely three in the morning as I push back the thin sheet covering my legs and pull on my pyjama bottoms before shuffling out of my room and down the stairs.
"Yes."
She looks directly at me. "You take care of him, John." Her voice is vehement.
Pulling the door behind me, I barely have it shut before I hear a muffled call of my name.
"That was a touch off-putting," you say.
"Now you're in my way!"
"Maybe we should just—"
"John. John! Are you alright?" It's Sherlock. His voice is panicked, even more so than the day by the pool. "Answer me!"
Somewhere in the recesses of your mind, perhaps the bit that isn't built into your mind palace—the sentiment?—you realize that tonight is different. Different from all nights prior. John is different, and you are different. London is different. The stars out of the reach of your vision are different. Everything, everything, everything.
"Do try to control your stomach, John. The noise is intolerable."
"No. I want to hear you." My hand has paused. "Please."
It is rather tedious, but it's not. If this is what John needs, then you can do it. You're getting the better end of the liaison, after all.
I sit in my armchair, reading the day's paper while Sherlock lies on the couch, palms pressed together beneath his chin.
And I'll follow.
The detective rolls his eyes and thunders down the stairs to get his coat.
. We've done this before, Sherlock. It almost always ends badly for you."
You whimper slightly as he takes you in his hand and your hips move forward of their own accord. He's gentle, but firm, and you don't know how much more you can handle, so you start talking.
And the fact that you're beginning to
"John, I can't...I can't..." The detective is jerking his hips insistently, not sure how much more he can take. "John, please!"
"Of course you do," I mumble.
The detective becomes aware that his shirt has been left gaping open as the doctor's mouth travels lower until teeth graze a nipple. A startled cry jerks loose from Sherlock's throat and his body quakes. John smooths a hand through silky curls to sooth him.
He guides your hands, and you're relieving his body of the uniform with slight tugs and pulls. You reveal the scar and rest your thumb there. It is rough and rigid, not at all your John. It is its own entity. The bad that has happened to this man in front of you. And you hate it. But you don't want John to think you are repulsed by it, and so you lay your mouth there, pressing your lips against it in several brief kisses. Because you can do that now. You can.
Sherlock shook his head abruptly. "No. No, John, just...here. Do it here." He had an almost painful grip on the doctor's arms now as he sucked air into his lungs.
"If you were trying to be covert about this whole thing, you should have left that shirt at home."
I choke out a laugh that gets cut off by the tears of relief fighting to escape my eyes.
Grabbing a bottle of whiskey from the kitchen, along with two glasses, I make my way into the sitting room. I find Sherlock lounging on the sofa. He's not in his mind palace, I can tell, and he has his hands folded neatly on top of his flat stomach. When I get closer, he raises a hand and I hand him the tumbler. I sit on the coffee table and begin filling our glasses.
John wriggles a bit and then Sherlock is rewarded with a trouser-free John Watson.
stop you."
And everything inside you stills.
He tilts his head slightly in my direction, still looking outside. "Hm?"
and any uncoordinated movements will send them both slipping and sliding to the end of...whatever
I'm tired. Bone-weary, really. My skin hums with the need for sleep. The heat from the fire gradually seeps into the room, casting a warm glow over everything, making the skull look ominous in shadows, and it doesn't take long before my body has melted into my chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
"John, listen—"
The absurdity of the situation doesn't mean you don't appreciate the uniform, though.
"Then what is this, exactly?" Sherlock asks, holding up a small bracelet between his gloved fingers that matches the bracelet seen in a couple of the photos in the man's wallet. "Come, John. We have other matters to tend to," Sherlock says, beginning to walk away.
, John
Padding silently into the sitting room, he realizes the flat is empty. He's disappointed, but again, not surprised. It would have been nice to have a lie-in with Sherlock, though.
I slam my lips against his and push him back to the bed as I come, releasing into him, and my mouth muffles Sherlock's scream as he comes too, hard and messy between us. My knees are bent, straddling his hips again and I hold him as his body shudders and comes down from its high. He comes so hard that he lets out several more little cries and a few whimpers before its done and he rests there, exhausted and boneless.
"Nothing of significance."
Sherlock's breathing huffs steadily, giving away his sleeping state.
Another silence. I figure out in the short seconds that this must have been what Mycroft had come to tell Sherlock all those weeks ago. It wasn't really the skull that had him upset.
"Okay, this isn't going to be fun. For you." I can't help the slightly wicked tone that creeps into my voice as I set aside the supplies and stand up.
As a doctor and an ex-soldier, I know for a fact I'm not anywhere near the end of my pain threshold, but that doesn't mean the thin stripes carved into my arms aren't
It isn't enough.
"Really, John, you should know me well enough by now."
We're still there when the sun creeps in through the window and caresses us with its golden touch.
has him spilling over your hand.
"I'm only going to ask this one more time." The man, who is hell bent on his mission, roughly shakes my drug-addled body. "How. Much. Does. He. Know."
After three had gone by, I'd texted him and received a simple
"I…it just…" He stops and rubs a hand through his hair. "There's nothing. Why is it so quiet?" His hand tugs in aggravation and his voice had risen in pitch on that question.
he whispers fiercely, spitting out the last word.
Lestrade seems content to stay back and sip his beverage patiently while waiting for Sherlock's deductions.
Trembling lips have stopped words as they crush against mine in a bruising, desperate kiss. It's shocking.
Ah, yes. A date. You. You're going to be his date from now on. To everything.
this is definitely not one of them.
at the bodyin the morgue the other day?" he says harshly.
The next morning is cold. Sherlock's room is always a few degrees cooler than the rest of the flat, and today is no different. I open my eyes slowly, still exhausted from the previous day. The room is dim and it takes me a moment to recall the events of the night before. I also become well aware of something warm, curly haired, and heavy lying on my chest. Sherlock.
You awe him. The thought is so astounding that you feel for sure you must be sinking in the middle of the ocean. You already knew you amazed him, but
John is attractive. Women love him. Men gravitate toward him.
I glance at him. "Did I say your name again?"
I hope this chapter was okay. Very soon, the rating for this fic will be changing to M (and soon after that, to E), so here's your fair warning. :)
John answers these questions as a warm tongue flickers out to brush against the seam of Sherlock's lips. The detective immediately opens his mouth and feels the first taste of John on his tongue.
He doesn't make a sound as he climbs the stairs, just a silhouette in the doorway as he steps in. I haven't slept at all, and it's nearing on midnight. I can see the shadow of a cheekbone as the moonlight drifting in reflects off pale skin.
of the door.
Sherlock begins ripping off clothes before the poor doctor can even begin to process what's going on.
All his words are muttered frantically, increasingly agitated and worrying.
"Okay?" I ask.
And I'm reaching into the bedside table, and he's trembling. Quivering fingers tug at my own tee and once I've retrieved the item from the drawer, I let him pull it over my head. He keeps it clutched in his hand for a moment before letting it drop onto the bed beside us.
"You should have gone straight to the hospital with this." John begins bustling about the flat, gathering the necessary items to clean and stitch the wound. "What were you thinking?" he repeats, coming back to settle in a chair adjacent to Sherlock's.
John quickly went and got a damp cloth and cleaned them both up, then pulled Sherlock upright until they were in their previous position, long legs wrapped languidly around his waist. Sherlock leaned forward and pushed his nose into John's neck. John had an arm wrapped around the bony frame, holding his...lover?...upright, and a hand in the luxurious curls.
I grab a broom and dustpan. I have a mess to clean up.
The expression there is so opposite from the passive one he's been wearing for the past hour, I nearly gasp.
"Off you pop."
I gulp down some wine, wishing I could take back what I had said and wipe the hurt expression off of Sherlock's face. "
Slowly, I make my way further into the room. I notice the pack of cigarettes lying at his feet, contents spilled out as if it had been brutally torn apart by a desperate creature. My gaze slides back to Sherlock and I know this to be true.
"It's gone missing, John." He scrubs a frustrated hand down his face.
He gently thrusts against you, making you gasp and cry out. You can hear the strange little noises coming from his throat as he fights to breathe and keen at the same time.
Remind lungs to breathe.
normal. The only constant thing about it is the relationship between the buggering detective and myself. And it's slowly driving me to insanity.
Some things are better left unsaid. Honestly, I can't bring myself to regret letting the "more than friends" hint drop. I know it wasn't ridiculously blunt, but I'm sure Sherlock, with his massive intellect, knew very well what I meant by it.
"John?"
The most miraculous thing about it all is the fact that he seems almost nervous about it. Whether it's the proximity or the embarrassment of actually being injured (which is ridiculous because I'm a doctor and have seen pretty much every stupid injury there is to see), he refuses to make eye contact, and barely speaks.
"We're fine," I interrupt.
By the time I've dressed myself and am ready to go, Sherlock has taken to pacing with his hands behind his back. At least he waited for me.
You frown.
"Stay there!" I bark, continuing after the man I see a small distance ahead.
Sentiment.
"You and me."
You're no stranger to masturbation, but it had been different when John was the one holding you in the palm of his hand. The gentle movements had been more than you could handle, and, embarrassingly, you had come within minutes of him laying his hand on you. He had been sweet though, patiently coaxing and urging you into another slowly growing erection, and the second time he'd made you come it had been down his throat. Absolutely overwhelming.
Things go about normally for the following week. Sherlock still pouts over his skull while waiting for a case, and I work regular shifts at the hospital. I come home every evening, get us some food, try to get Sherlock to eat, and complain when he refuses. Sometimes he'll eat a bite or two, but usually he just huddles on the couch sipping tea or reading one of his dull books.
It is just starting to get dark when he comes to me.
"So take this as a friendly warning, my dear."
Not sure whether the detective really is in that much pain or if he's being his typical childish self, I don't reply as I slip in on the other side of the bed.
he's getting hard.
I can't hold my breath any longer, can't control my body's need for oxygen. My brain stutters to a stop.
Comments appreciated. :) -C
Sherlock doesn't react to the anger, but instead studies me silently as if unsure how to continue. His eyes are steely.
I snort and continue scratching out details of this case on a notepad, trying to make my doctor's handwriting legible despite the movement of the train.
In the most lucid moment he's had since John came to him, Sherlock voices the only thought streaming through his mind and in front of his vision in bold italics. "I need you."
Another fake smile. "No, no. Quite the opposite. I have people taking immense precaution to ensure this."
Shaking my head, I lightly stroke the thin skin over the blue veins of his wrist. His hand is much larger than mine, and so very pale. He's paler right this moment than I've ever seen him.
I guess what I'm saying with this is that Sherlock and I have always been a little bit…
It's incredibly intimate, which in turn, quickly becomes erotic. Sherlock tilts his head each direction without instruction from me, and about halfway through the second half of his face, his eyes fall shut. Creating a smooth expanse of skin below those sharp cheekbones is gorgeous in and of itself, but when I lean closer to do the space between his nose and mouth, he draws his full upper lip between his teeth and I falter before touching the sharp metal to his delicate skin. I quickly finish that and his chin, leaving only the vulnerable throat to go. Gently, I tilt his head up with a finger below his chin before carefully, slowly, make my way across the alabaster skin. The final swipe reveals the mark I'd given him the night before.
"This little game of ours."
An embarrassing noise snakes out of Sherlock's throat in protest, but he lets John take control again.
Sherlock shudders and drops his head back, revealing a rather inviting Adam's Apple. John, of course, takes advantage of this, and soon Sherlock is unsure how long he'll be able to remain sitting up.
"It's bloody ridiculous, and I don't know why I do it." John's gaze is intense, almost as if he's trying to channel his thoughts directly into the detective's brain.
The life I had accidentally limped into is anything
But then his hand falls away from you and you don't understand. You brush your own hand against his swollen flesh and he groans, so you do it again.
This chapter honestly wrote itself. It's one of my favorites, so I hope you enjoy it.
The first touch is soft. Hesitant. Again, my mind wonders if he's ever done this before. I press my lips more firmly against his and he sucks in a breath as he moves forward until my spine rests against the back of the chair again. His hands move to the armrests and I feel a knee brace itself against the furniture between mine.
Nobody had ever touched him like this. Nobody had put up with him this long. Nobody was as sweet and gentle as John was.
I start to think that an awful large amount of cases lately seem to revolve around perfume.
Thunder rumbles outside. I hadn't realized it was raining. How bloody typical.
And you nod, because it is. It is.
So I thrust again and he slides a shaky hand behind my neck to draw our mouths together. His kisses are even more uncoordinated now, and it's really just a tangle of lips and tongue, but it's perfect. A few more thrusts and then he's coming, a drawn-out wail emitting from his throat as he breaks the kiss. Seeing him,
"Ciao, Sherlock Holmes."
Add to that the fact that I am
Sherlock's fingers tangle in the cuff of my jacket and hold.
I count down and we slam our feet into the window. Nothing. We try again with the same results. Sherlock kicks it a few more times before sitting up.
"No, you won't!"
gorgeous neck, and I brush my lips up to his ear before pressing hot, open-mouthed kisses along the perfect expanse of his throat. His hands flutter up my sides, fingers trembling and trying to find something to hold onto. I grab his good hand and push it against the wall beside his head, earning a grunt from the detective.
Back in the present, Sherlock paces back and forth across the cold floor of their flat. He'd been
I had no idea where you had run off to.
, Sherlock. This needs stitches."
No argument comes. I know it's just a brief victory and as soon as Sherlock feels the slightest bit better and/or bored, he'll be flouncing about London again, but I'm glad that he's agreed for now.
and retain everything that was happening, but he couldn't. Everything was offline.
If I had to pinpoint a moment I knew this, it would have been the night he returned, the first time he ever initiated physical contact in more than a friendly way, more than one of his fleeting touches at the height of his excitement over a case.
It's extremely early and the sun isn't even up yet. I've only been asleep for a couple of hours, but waking up to the sight of Sherlock curled on his side, face slack with sleep, makes the lack of rest worth it. Those bow lips are plump and pouty, pale skin nearly translucent in the delicate light making its way from the fading moon. The fingers of one hand are barely brushing my side, just his fingertips pressing against my skin, and that's all the contact we have. It seems like Sherlock. Not one to cuddle, but in need of maintaining contact. It's rather lovely.
In retrospective, you and John have only done the bare minimum of sex. Nothing past one night of alternating between hand and mouth.
You're going insane.
"It's fine, Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock says flatly.
A little more determination leaked into Sherlock's face. His hand moved a little further up John's thigh, creeping slowly to dangerous territory. "I need to know what it's like with
Pulling his skin taut with my right hand, I begin the tedious task of removing facial hair with a blade.
Still no response.
Sherlock's face was tight and pinched as we walked into the dark space opposite the interrogation room. He had refused to wear the splint any longer, and looked slightly pained. He was silent as we waited for them to bring in the men, and when they did, the detective glanced at me before telling Lestrade "Yes" and then whirling out of the room.
offering comfort to
"John?"
He moves to shift positions and clasps a hand against his head. "Dizzy." Some invisible thing snaps as he slumps into the seat, nearly boneless. Resigned.
(See the end of the chapter for
We fall asleep again, this time our legs entangled and my arms wrapped around the lithe man to keep him warm.
The detective suddenly goes very still.
"No!" He reaches down and grips my retreating wrist. "I'm fine. It just…it startled me."
Because it wasn't so much the message itself, but the word "home" and all it implied that had caused you to fumble with the phone before you could send your reply with unsteady fingers.
"What did Mycroft come to tell you, Sherlock?" I ask quietly after several minutes of passionate playing. I had been excused from the conversation between the brothers two days prior.
The whole scenario is rather odd, anyway. John had been gentle with you that first time. It's been several days now.
He shakes his head viciously. I nearly stop breathing as I watch him reach out a long arm until his trembling fingertips barely rest on my stomach.
"I don't understand why you can't wait for the
We never talk about those moments.
Thanks for reading! Comments appreciated. :) -C
he was himself. He didn't deserve this. He wasn't the man that should take this so easily from a man that really didn't know what he was asking for.
He's still breathing heavily as he glances around the room. "I want…I need…" A swallow and a determined set to his jaw. "I want…you
The truth is, I'm not over it. I'm not sure I'll
Sherlock fiddles with the straw of his drink, but doesn't take his eyes from the room. "Not at all. In fact, that's the reason I brought you along."
I hold up a hand. "No, no you didn't." Pulling that same hand down my face, I sigh. "Sherlock, do you want me to move out?"
enough
I try again with the same result.
Their eyes met for a brief moment. And then John's own arousal was abruptly
"Lean down," I murmur.
Unconcerned, I continue taking inventory of my flatmate's appearance. White dress shirt, rolled up slightly over his forearms and just a bit too tight. Usual black slacks and dress shoes. His long fingers are curled around a pen with one hand, jotting something down quickly on a piece of paper nearby (or at least I
coaxes you into another erection as soon as you've recovered, both of you naked and skin-on-skin. You feel guilty because he's still very hard and you haven't done a thing to alleviate it. He takes you down his throat and you come again, this time with a little cry at the end.
He feels as if he's about to explode. Internally combust. Every time John's finger brushes that
"You came anyway," John pants, holding himself up with shaky limbs as he gently pulls out.
The doctor gasps, then pulls the leg off of his shoulder and puts it behind him. Sherlock automatically wraps both legs firmly around John and they both groan with the new position.
The doctor may be short, but he's also surprisingly strong, and he knows exactly what Sherlock wants him to do.
John Watson, who had invaded Afghanistan, who had been shot and almost died, who had been strapped to a bomb beside a pool by a madman, who had watched his best friend fall to his death, was terrified in the middle of his own living room, because he thought he truly had broken Sherlock Holmes.
"I have been reliably informed that I don't have one."
I smile gently, then, hooking a finger, I search for—
You choke back a sob because it just
A loud door slam brings my attention up from my computer screen and then Sherlock is in the doorway, throwing off his coat and rushing into his room.
Eyes open.
Sherlock wakes up with a splitting headache and finds a glass of water on his bedside table, along with a bottle of paracetamol.
You watch the man who has been home to you since the day he limped into your life as he crosses the floor.
You're leaning in to kiss him when the sound of laughter throws you off. A tiny bubble of panic has just managed to raise its head, but then the laughter is silent. You see John throw the remote in the general direction of the coffee table and you smile.
, but really, what's he supposed to do? He's stark naked. "God, you're an arrogant sod, aren't you?"
Just a little disclaimer for myself: My main focus isn't the cases or whatnot, though that is a main part of their lives. So while there is a case in this, please excuse the fact that it's shoddy and not very interesting. It really isn't the main point I'm trying to put across.
Shadows dance and fade as nighttime wanes, and the feeling of utter contentment fills me so completely that I choke up a bit.
I know he understands what I'm saying.
"We solve murders, John. Things always revolve around death for us."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Come. I want your opinion." Sherlock sits back on his heels, studying the body.
"They jammed the locks. I can't get the doors open," he says, moving to the passenger side.
This fic is now rated E, so.
But the sound must not have bothered the doctor, as his tongue once again invades Sherlock and gently encourages the detective's into action.
You come back down with a crash as he brushes against your prostate and a strangled cry bursts out. Any discomfort is being masked by the ridiculous amounts of pleasure he's giving you and the slow slide of one finger soon becomes two, three, and then there's only one thing left as he guides himself to your entrance. You gasp and moan at the first little invasion, but it isn't anything compared to what comes next.
"Hello, Molly," I say as Sherlock, Lestrade, and myself barge into her morgue.
Then there was the day when he walked around London holding the skull (which we finally found in the bathroom cupboard, of all places) under his arm.
So we ignored what had happened.
"Won't be but a little while, John!" The door slams shut.
I sigh, realizing our lie-in has probably been thwarted by the pale scarecrow beside me. "Right now?"
"Yes." He presses his palm flat against my abdomen where I have a dark bruise from being shoved over the edge of the tub.
"Take a deep breath, Sherlock. You don't want to catch pneumonia on top of this."
Letting out a snort, I head for my room. "Sherlock, do you really think a
His free hand finds your cheek and tilts your head up, but he doesn't tell you to open your eyes, and you're glad. He's letting you keep the darkness and that's nice.
"Left pocket," Sherlock forced out. He was coming apart and John hadn't done anything.
"Sherlock!"
A rush of heat jolts through his body and suddenly it's too hot and there are too many clothes and not enough skin so he tugs on John's jumper...
"John." His voice is deep, quiet. Broken.
ALSO: I'm not sure how long this fic is going to be. I have the next chapter or two planned out, but after that I have no ideas. SO. If anybody has ideas for prompts on how to keep this going, BY ALL MEANS please throw them my way! I can't guarantee I'll use them, but I'll most definitely look at them and take them into consideration, as well as give you credit for the idea (of course!).
Sherlock looks at everything
The doctor in him had refused to allow the angry words to be thrown at Sherlock before his injury had been taken care of. Now, as they both sit in their chairs opposite one another, those words bubble back up in John's throat.
"'Adorable' is for children, John. I am
"Suit yourself."
"Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket…"
of his heart calms my nerves slightly.
I'm tired. He's tired. The stars even seem tired as they wink weakly through the window. The toll from recent events suddenly weighs very heavily on my shoulders as we take the stairs slowly, Sherlock behind me. Once we reach the door to 221B, I can practically hear my bed calling my name. I swing the door open and step inside.
Comments appreciated! :) -C
Tonight, however, Sherlock Holmes is hunched over. His head hangs low, elbows braced against his pyjama-clad knees. He's found Mrs. Hudson's hidden cigarette stash. I can smell it in the air. The glowing end of the cigarette is dimming as it rests loosely in his graceful fingers.
He caught Sherlock's head before it could slam into the wooden floor as the detective let out a sound that made John glad Mrs. Hudson wasn't at home. Sherlock's brow was furrowed, forming a distressed little wrinkle above his nose. He pushed in a little further, looking for the one spot...
from him.
If there's anything to say about Doctor John Watson, it's that he has the incredibly unexpected talent of connecting notes and sounds together in a form that is not only pleasant, but
"What?" I glance around the room. "The new head in the fridge?"
And really, isn't that all it's ever going to be? Running about, dodging bullets, shooting a few himself? Won't it always be danger and games with Sherlock Holmes?
And beautiful. The man is achingly beautiful.
Pulling cushions from the sofa, he twisted and turned until he could lay Sherlock down on the cold floor. The detective wouldn't let go of his neck, and he had to reach up and pull his hands away. He touched a pale hip. "Up."
The doctor in me can't help but give him a quick once-over. He looks remarkably well for a cancer patient, if not a little hollow around the eyes from weight loss. "You're looking well."
At the sound, he turns and looks at your hand. Your eyes are huge and wary when his meet yours, blue turned to obsidian in the inkiness surrounding you. You think to yourself:
before us.
"Would he have gotten to you if I were there?"
An empty teacup.
He shakes me roughly. "
"I need to shave."
You hear a door click shut in the echoes of your mind and realize John has left. Bringing palms together beneath your chin, you stare blankly and continue analyzing all that had happened in the past week.
all day until the damn idiot decided to take a shower and start
Putting my hands on his hips, I tug firmly until they press against mine. I push my leg between both of his and he lets out a strangled noise that twists through my body until I'm already half hard.
Warning: Very slight drug reference and brief coarse language.
Apparently, you had provided John with a fair amount of pleasure that night as well. At least, if his incoherent muttering and chant of
John's hand slipped to his nape and tangled into the curls at the back of his head, and then his mouth was opening wider, gently wrapping Sherlock's upper lip with his two, then the bottom lip, and then there was a warm tongue gliding across the seam of those bow lips and Sherlock opened abruptly, wanting to welcome his doctor. His fingers fisted into the jumper at John's shoulders, holding on for dear life as John's tongue slipped softly into his mouth, and this was
I sip my tea.
Technicolor, friendship, and broken glass.
"People have died."
He turns and we stare each other down for ten full seconds, his piercing eyes boring into mine. At first, this method worked on me and I'd back off, but after knowing Sherlock Holmes for several years, one builds up a certain immunity to such tactics.
They stay that way until the oven timer pulls John's attention back to the task at hand.
"Oh, boys." Mrs. Hudson's voice is unsteady as she pulls us both into a hug.
Reaching a hand out, he's disappointed but not surprised to be met by cold sheets. He throws his legs off the bed and sits up, wincing at the slight aches in his body. He's getting too old for sex like that. Chuckling lightly, he decides the aches are worth it if there can be a repeat performance.
This pauses my actions. I had suspected as much, but now that I
I keep my touch gentle as my fingertips lightly brush against the underside of his jaw, urging his gaze up until it reaches mine again.
Tell him when you're leaving the flat.
I roll my eyes. "Are you going to answer my question, then?"
Now that you are Sherlock and John, John and Sherlock, you're obliged to do such things.
It's comfortable.
"I'm awake."
It's brief and warm and I'm beginning to think it could very well be a dream.
Chuckling lightly, I look up and meet his gaze. His eyes are barely crinkling around the edges with amusement. "Wanker," I say fondly.
Sherlock, still in a post-coital haze, nods sleepily.
I wake on my back with a nose pressed firmly to the side of my neck and a large, warm hand resting across the band of my pyjama bottoms.
I glance up.
"Sherlock, are you alright?"
The doctor reaches over to the bedside table and pulls a tube out of the top drawer. "Have you ever bottomed?" he asks quietly, applying a generous amount of lube to his fingers.
Living with Sherlock Holmes has its perks.
This was so much more than lust, however. So much more, in fact, that Sherlock had battled and repressed for months before reaching this point. He'd watched John carefully at first, searching for any signs that the feelings were mutual. They were there, but the doctor was remarkably talented at hiding his feelings when he wanted to. Somehow, he had mastered any touch of arousal he felt around Sherlock. He always seemed so blasé about accidental brushes of skin on skin. For Sherlock, it caused his body to shake and tremble for minutes afterwards.
We never continued our little snogging session.
He has the nerve to look inconvenienced. "There's no need to yell, John. I can hear you just fine."
and you start to scream before slapping a hand over your own mouth.
It takes a little time, but soon John is fully sheathed in the tight muscles of Sherlock's body. They both moan, and when Sherlock involuntarily bucks his hips, he lets out a rough sob.
John fumbled with the condom and lube so that he was ready and then gently, slowly, keeping his eyes locked on Sherlock, eased a finger in.
The detective was jerking his hips in little wanton movements at this point, brushing against John and forcing the doctor to control himself.
Sherlock shifted so he was now sitting cross-legged on the floor in front of the sofa. "That's not it, John."
There are good and bad ways of waking up in the morning.
“How bloody typical that the snow shows up tonight,” he says with a smile.
The statement scares me so fully that I drop the cup of tea I'd been carrying into the sitting room. The cup shatters, making a huge mess, but I ignore it and stare at Sherlock as he tunes his violin strings.
But relief comes sooner rather than later, as John is gently slipping the remaining pieces of clothing off you both until there is nothing left. You shudder and shake and recognize John's own trembling as his fingers grace the paleness of your wrists. He doesn't move for a moment, just looks down at your joined hands, then back up into your eyes. You feel the weight of that gaze unlike anything you have ever felt before.
And really, isn't that part of my problem? I've been dating and sleeping with women my entire life. (Okay, so maybe there was that one time in Afghanistan, but I was
A brief nod. "I've had the best of care."
It affects him more than I thought it would, honestly. He's quieter, almost pensive. There's violin playing in the middle of the night, silence for days on end. Actually, it's pretty normal. Except it's not.
"What we did last night… That was okay, wasn't it?"
know, but not myself? The man who put up with all of Sherlock's shit and chased him across London on a daily basis? But then I'd realized that, without Molly, I probably wouldn't have Sherlock back today. Her part in the extravagant plan had been a crucial one, and Sherlock knew that.
"Something wrong?"
Sherlock clears his throat and takes a deep, painful breath before continuing. "I never apologized for leaving you the way I did. I let you think I didn't care, that I was so selfish I couldn't live with being seen as a fake. That it meant more to me than any person."
I hum in reply, preparing tea at—I glance at the clock—three forty-two in the morning.
"You're ordinary."
I shake my head slightly at the expression on his pale face. "That's not a good way to treat this whole thing. You destroyed my life after you left. You can't just act like it's an annoying little occurrence in the basement of your mind palace." I sigh and pour my tea. It's the middle of the night and not the time for this conversation.
"Westwood!"
He nods and turns back to watching Sherlock.
John cooks dinner one evening and catches Sherlock watching him. The detective looks away briefly before returning the gaze.
Sherlock shuddered violently as his body spent itself, and the clenching and movement had John following quickly after him.
; the distressed crease between his brows is shattering.
than flatmates. At least, conventionally. There has been an underlying feeling of connection since that first day in Barts. Or sitting in Angelo's with a candle flickering between us for the first time. Or when I shot a man threatening to end the genius I barely knew but knew I wanted to know, if that makes sense.
I brush my clean hand through his curls. "It's okay. I'll go slower."
His eyes drill into mine, silent, staring. Just as I start to get uncomfortable, he murmurs, "Thank you, John."
"What does he…?"
John, it shouldn't be this difficult to get somebody undres—" His voice chokes off on a startled gasp as I palm him through his trousers.
Arriving at 221 Baker Street, John quickly unlocks the door and rushes up the steps, eager for some tea and perhaps a piece of toast with jam. He's smiling when he reaches the top of the stairs.
but almost immediately you feel those fingertips again. You make an unintentional noise deep in your throat and realize that just maybe you like being petted.
this?
I stir my drink idly, turning to face him fully. "Oh yes. Your experiments and cases. How sweet to miss them." The spite comes from nowhere. I hadn't been angry seconds ago. Slightly annoyed, yes, but not angry.
He nods.
Your lips find his neck now, too shy to go for the mouth. You think maybe that should bother you, but it doesn't. Even if you are shy, John won't laugh. He won't poke fun. He won't call you a freak.
) mug before I swirl it onto Sherlock's face. Setting that down, I pick up the blade and step closer.
Perhaps a part of Sherlock died the same day as Moriarty, too.
know, I don't want to overwhelm him.
The moment his mouth opens to me, I realize this is nothing like my dream.
The detective was on his knees in front of the doctor, hand on John's thigh, looking up into his much darker eyes. "John, I'm bored."
Feelings I've been dancing around for months, even years, threaten to choke me as I drop heavily onto the sofa. I care deeply for Sherlock, maybe even love him. But I'm not gay. And yet, even women have started to come up lacking in my eyes. Nothing compares to the quick-witted, curly haired detective with the pale skin and piercing eyes. There is no one else.
Neither of us moves at first, but I can feel Sherlock's toes flexing beneath the blankets and know it's only a matter of minutes before he's ready to get up.
The sweet woman and I look at him for a moment, concerned. His tone… It just…it's not right.
John is there, easing out of you as gently as he can. You hiss at the sensation and he brushes his lips across your collar bone, overriding the slight discomfort.
Sherlock sighs and buries his face into John's neck. "Only mine, John."
Sherlock gives me a strange look. "What? Of course not." He gets back up and starts away, then turns back and gives me an accusatory glare. "Why would it be?"
I've always liked Molly Hooper. As a friend, that is. At first, I thought her to be just another girl taken in by Sherlock's greatness (in every sense of the word), but after that ill-famed Christmas long ago now, I realized she had a spine of steel under all that sweetness. How could you not when dealing with Sherlock Holmes? For heaven's sake, she even helped the man fake his death and succeeded in keeping it a secret. That takes an indescribable amount of strength.
Coughing.
"Yes?" the doctor choked out.
and I pause for a moment before easing in further, letting him adjust as I go. My arms are braced on either side of him, giving him enough space to lean up and press our mouths together. It's brief, completely uncoordinated, and honestly one of the best kisses of my entire existence, because
Young, so young.
There is a moment where your brain is suspended in time before you jolt away so quickly that you trip over the coffee table and almost fall as you dash into your room and shut the door behind you.
"No, thanks."
(Obviously.)
I roll my eyes.
John just grins and begins unbuttoning his own shirt, watching Sherlock watch him. For the detective's expression, a person would think John was giving him a strip tease. Once he has this shirt off, Sherlock all but rips the vest off of him, and then they're almost,
were what Moriarty played. They almost got you killed
Warnings: Mentions of drug use, explicit sexual content.
I'm about eighty-nine percent sure that during one of those shared looks, a silent agreement was made.
I trail behind him this time, watching as he unwraps his face like an Egyptian mummy.
"Don't be ridiculous," Sherlock says, then gasps as he feels a twinge in his chest.
He falls silent for a moment. "This isn't a conventionally 'friendly' relationship."
Odd little breathy noises escape him. He's loud, even obscene as he responds and moves his mouth against mine. Tiny whimpers fill the air as his hand quickly releases my jacket and comes to cup the nape of my neck, tilting my head further back, while the splinted one rests against my waist.
I knew it was coming eventually. There is no way two men who go about solving crimes together can escape having to do something of this sort at some point in their career.
The detective screams.
brilliant." He smiles slightly, pushing a hand through your hair and lifting the fringe off your forehead. "And you know what? You were beautiful."
I level my gaze with his. "All sorts of relationships build from friendship, Sherlock."
I hear him moving, and this is just another step in the natural progression of things. Just another thing we've never gotten around to doing, because that time in the bathroom doesn't count. Not really.
"Okay?" John asks, breathing heavily.
John makes a noise and it takes you a moment to recognize your own name again. His breath is quick and slightly labored as his hands now turn to guide you and then you're seated in his lap, legs straddling his hips, and he's looking up at you with such open adoration that you think to yourself
With a heavy sigh, he curls his other hand into the shirt above my hip. "You didn't need to check on me."
The detective gasps as their cocks rub harshly together through their pants and pulls at John's jumper until the shorter man lifts his arms and allows himself to be defrocked.
"Well, then we'd both be where you are and we'd have Mrs. Hudson doting on us like an overprotective mother." I smile gently.
"John," he breathes, and I know that
A tattered mind needs rest too.
"That's insane, and you know it!" John shouts, throwing his hands up slightly in exasperation.
again.
"Bad dream?"
"Contrary to popular belief, John, I do have a heart."
. So much more than anything he'd ever experienced. Invasive, warm, tinged with desperation and tightly concealed hunger.
A congratulations, carbon monoxide, and Mrs. Hudson.
My eyebrows lift of their own accord. "Human, I hope."
He blinks and the feral look is gone. Dropping my hand, he climbs out of my lap and retreats to his room with a silent
John was forced to take an assessment of their current situation. Was he really going to take Sherlock here, on the floor?
The detective allows himself to be lowered gently onto John's bed, the doctor's hand softly cupping the back of his head. Fingers with medical precision begin slipping buttons loose on his oxford shirt, and a warm mouth returns to his.
He hovers for a moment while I read an article about news in the Middle East.
His lips find yours again for a brief, chaste kiss and then he's pulling away, much to your dismay.
"John."
I cradle his head and brush my fingers over his face. "Do you trust me?"
out of you."
a child."
And Sherlock
" The man spits it out as if it's the most ridiculous thing he's ever heard. He stops pacing and stands in front of me. "I don't understand any of this!" he yells.
I'll take the time later to deal with the erratic swirl of emotions coursing through me (
John caught himself leaning closer and pulled himself away and off the couch, spinning abruptly from the detective. "No, Sherlock. No." He stalked to the telly and shut it off. "I'm not going to take you to bed just because you're still wound up from a case and want to know what it's like to be fucked by me."
You were what made that goodbye painful."
He leaves and I relieve myself before letting him back in. Silently, he moves about, collecting his straight razor, cream, brush, and a flannel, which he soaks with hot water and squeezes out before wrapping it against his face.
Like hell it did.
"Daughter…?" a silver-haired man you know as Lestrade asks, a look of annoyed satisfaction on his face. "He doesn't have a daughter."
Sherlock rubs his hands together. "I have no idea."
"…or are you just pleased to see me?"
Setting down the drinks, I clap a hand over the stranger's shoulder. "Hey, mate. Sorry, I beat you to him."
"Don't touch me," he gasps. "This is—oh
We both know there are alternatives to my argument, but we're also both aware that Sherlock will eventually give in.
I say: Yes, it does happen) movements, I settle my gaze on him this time. Sherlock can sometimes be a bit like a skittish animal.
After a quick visit and questioning at a local perfume shop, we head back to the flat, Sherlock contemplative.
He holds up his once-again splinted arm. "I may be intellectually superior to most—if not all—of society, but I am yet to be ambidextrous."
And this was John Watson taking what he wanted.
"Your friends will die if you don't."
John's glare is ignored as Sherlock manages to maneuver them to the kitchen where the table is strangely clean.
We stay there for several minutes. I can hear Sherlock's unsteady inhales and exhales as he drops his head forward.
"John." His eyes are huge.
He's so vibrant, moving about the small confines of the vehicle in search of escape. So beautiful. So
"I have to do this, Sherlock. Believe it or not, you'll breathe easier, which is what you need right now." I'd really left the wrappings on too long already. He lets go of my wrist and I pull the last bit away, sucking in air as I see the deep bruising and discoloration dotting the detective's chest. "Jesus, it wasn't this bad last night," I say dumbly.
Now he looks at me, those eyes—
His hand is gripping almost painfully into the lapel of my jacket. "You almost died," he hisses. "You almost died
I move carefully and gently until he has completely adjusted to the single digit before beginning to add a second. This time, he lets out a little muffled noise as I press in, but his hips move towards it instead of shying away. I scissor them slightly and his entire body shudders, a soft gasp escaping from the detective's usually slicing mouth. It's the first noise he's truly let out, all others cut off. When he reaches a fist towards his mouth, I stop him.
Sherlock cuts him off this time with warm lips over his own. It's chaste and sweet and almost childlike, just as always when Sherlock initiates physical contact. John grins into the kiss and returns it, naturally taking the lead and progressing the kiss from chaste to a little more intimate. Sherlock lets out a small whimper and copies the doctor's movements. The original playfulness of the kiss quickly changes when Sherlock shifts his weight and tries to jump into John's arms, long legs wrapping around the doctor's waist.
"And since when do you listen to what people say?"
Sherlock has his head leaned back against his chair, his injury prohibiting him from assuming his usual prayer-like state of rest. "Those five seconds are important," he says, voice low.
, th —"
Of course he knows. He always knows. I don't let it bother me.
The lithe body beneath him is shuddering in the aftermath of an orgasm, chest sticky and eyes blown wide as he stares back at John. The reaching, reaching, reaching,
It goes pretty well, I think.
Happy reading!
"We can't giggle..." John tries to say, but Sherlock attacks his lips before he can finish.
Just as abruptly, it roars to life and Sherlock knows exactly what to do with his hands and tunnels them into John's short hair at the nape of his neck. He tugs, and then their mouths are crushed together in a bruising, desperate kiss.
There's the sound of feet on the staircase and then the door opens, revealing a short man with graying hair and smiling eyes. "Can I help you?"
The word is
Wide eyes and soft whispers.
The detective pulls in air slowly and painfully and my heart sinks at the pained expression on my flatmate's face.
John sighs and continues caring for the madman in front of him.
John has a slight moment of self-denial.
So, I hold out a hand, and it takes him approximately two-and-a-half seconds before he steps forward and takes it, and I'm suddenly in possession of a lapful of consulting detective, face buried into the space between my shoulder and neck. He has our joined hands held between us, the fingers of his free one clutched into the sleeve of my jumper.
Sherlock glares daggers at me as I lean down to help him ease into a standing position so he can walk to his room. I had been right; the walk to his room isn't fun
He watches me a moment before nodding and letting his hand fall away.
Perhaps he'll call. Perhaps the case will be intriguing. Perhaps Sherlock's eyes will brighten in excitement and he'll loop on his scarf and spin into his coat. Perhaps he'll call
The shadow parts timidly, allowing them to see each other.
He cries out and his heels dig painfully into my back. His hips jerk up enough to push me farther in and then he's begging for
I shake my head slightly and walk out of the room. "I'm going to make some tea. Be back shortly."
You hum in response and turn further until you are practically kneeling into the cushions beside him. You lift your head and blink at him. Eyes that were once riveted to the screen are now completely focused on you, dark and needy in the dim flickering of light coming from the television set.
He looks bewildered for a brief moment before a hesitant smile twitches the corners of his mouth.
With desperate need, you wrap both legs around John's back and lock your ankles. The movement forces John closer, closer,
"John."
John doesn't move, doesn't even blink.
I try to speak, but cough instead. Holding up a weak hand to tell him to give me a moment, I'm surprised when a much larger, warmer one engulfs my small one and grips tightly.
Moving so I'm straddling his hips again, I urge his legs up and over my shoulders, leaving him open. He covers his face the same way he did last night, forearm over one eye, and his mouth falls slack as I ease just the tip of my index finger in. And then it stops.
"You, ripping my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool."
and the morning really is absolutely glorious.
"I'm fully aware!" I say as I head back towards the front door. "We're going out, Sherlock. I'm not taking no for an answer this time!"
"Sherlock," I whisper, my breath skittering across his damp flesh.
"We both have them now," John says, almost sadly, placing a warm kiss over the angry skin. "I'm sorry I couldn't prevent the scar."
His entire upper body immediately flushes as goose bumps form.
They aren't serious, nothing I could bleed out from (more like giant fucking paper cuts than anything), but I can feel the trickle of blood slipping down my face and dangerously close to my eye from when my attacker had slammed my head into to side of the bathtub earlier.
With an angry sound, my captor jerks my arms farther behind me, nearly dislocating a shoulder as the movement stretches the delicate knife wounds apart, and shoves my head back into my own bathtub, full of water. Whatever drug he'd jabbed into my arm earlier had made me weak and unable to fight back.
Sherlock looked almost revolted. "No."
Sherlock reluctantly drops back to the ground, moving backwards and pulling John with him. "No, you're just too short."
I'm not sure how long, because I'm honestly too worried about Sherlock to pay attention to trivial things such as time. He has the more severe case of poisoning between us.
It's a stupid question, really. Sherlock Holmes is the king of okay, even with injured ribs.
"Good, very good."
Angelo plays matchmaker.
My eyes narrow and I go over the scene before me again. "Why are you writing things down?" His mind is his notepad.
I'm closer now, pressed firmly between the other man's thighs, and I can feel his breath dancing across my own skin. A hand comes to rest on the side of my neck.
I continue to watch him, worried, as he gets back up to settle in the chair across from me. He hadn't even checked for a case.
I didn't really care.
"Breathe," he whispers, resting his forehead against yours for a brief moment before pulling away again.
"Stop it."
He grabs your sleeve in that annoying, frustrating, ironically
"Lean back so I can get your trousers off, Sherlock," I say quietly, meeting his wide-eyed gaze.
He hums cryptically.
"John," he chokes out, and the doctor knows he can't go any farther.
I'm tired and it's been a long day and I am in no mood for Sherlock's half-baked responses. Marching to the coatrack, I put on my own jacket before pulling down Sherlock's coat and scarf. Returning to the detective, I pull the scarf around his neck and throw the coat over his head.
There's a moment. A silent one, both of us barely breathing. I can see in his eyes everything that's roiling deep in my stomach. Anger, frustration, despair, confusion, fear, pain.
wanting, for the longest time. How could he convince John that he wanted to do this because this was John and he...cared for him? That didn't feel like the right word usage. He highly doubted there was a word in the dictionary of all languages that could define Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
With a deep inhale, I crawl up the bed until I can look down into his face. His hair is wild in a dark halo against the duvet, cheeks flushed through the porcelain of his skin, pupils wide and wanting as he opens his eyes.
You both grin for a moment before breaking into quiet giggles.
not know why John does something?
"It's just you and me, Sherlock."
That's all the answer I'm going to get.
I wait to feel nothing, and then…
Within a few short moments of rather intense snogging, I'm more than ready to make this encounter horizontal.
"You're just getting that now?"
He shivers as my fingers slip down to the band of his pants, and I bring our mouths together in a hopefully calming kiss. We're pressed together, his naked arousal to my clothed one, and his trembling is worse.
he's writing on paper). His other hand rests on his knee, fingers tapping the rhythm to a tune only the detective can hear. I briefly wonder if he's composing subconsciously.
his brother.
he runs off to his sodding Mind Palace. And most days, it's good. Usually he's fine, he can function, he acts as normal as can be expected of him.
There's something about that type of thing that reminds a man that he too will die someday.
Then he pulls away, and you continue down the street, away from 221 and the doctor on its steps.
"Are you okay?"
It amazed him again how so little could completely unravel the man in front of him.
Remember, I'd love prompts!
He nods, hips beginning to shudder lightly up into mine. "Always."
I glare at him for a moment. "I'm not going to sniff a dead person, Sherlock."
John was pretty sure he choked on his own spit, or coughed up his own lungs, or something equally humiliating. "Sorry, what?"
"I was just trying to help, John," he'd said darkly.
His eyes are so comically large when he looks up at me, shocked, that I let out a roar of laughter Mrs. Hudson could probably hear.
The first time it happens, it is a complete accident.
The murderer's motive had been quite simple and typical, actually, much to Sherlock's disappointment (though he never said as much out loud, probably because I had almost been drowned by said murderer). Mrs. Rochester's son, Harold, had killed her for his inheritance that he assumed he would receive through her will. However, the money had gone to the younger daughter, Abigale. He had been furious, but probably wouldn't have killed his sister if she hadn't found out the truth about their mother's death. The bastard had been bleeding-from-his-ears wealthy for about a day before Sherlock caught him.
be annoying, and up until recently, it
I stand near Lestrade as Sherlock goes about his usual observations. It's unusually cold out today and my fingers are all but numb in my gloves. I'm extraordinarily grateful when Donovan comes over with two cups of piping hot coffee. The steam from the cup creates a foggy barrier between my eyes and Sherlock's as he glances up. His eyes narrow briefly, then he's back to studying the victim, Abigale Rochester. He probably doesn't even recognize the biting cold that is turning his nose and ears pink.
I turn my head slowly, staring at him for a full thirty seconds, mug poised for a drink. "Sherlock Holmes," I say, "did you just make a pun?"
I smile.
He was beautiful. Pale skin, pupils blown wide, cheeks flushed, dark hair lightly mussed from his own fingers tearing at it in frustration. He looked so young.
Even if I had wanted to (which I'm
Your doctor's hand twines into your hair and you bury your face in his neck.
I poke a finger into his side and he flinches. "Come on. Nice warm shower. Yes?"
"Okay!" Sherlock cries, thrusting hard into John.
"…The man with the key is king."
Uploading a day early because I'm going to be busy tomorrow. Senior year. Bleh.
"Is this okay?" I ask, pressing my lips to a cheekbone and shifting over so I'm beside him instead of above.
You reach for your mobile and type out a message, hitting Send before you're ready and tap out another one.
my life.
"Oh god,
He nods and lets me lead him through the doorway until his legs hit the edge of the bed. He sits down heavily before slipping a long limb around my calf and pulling me forward. Sherlock suddenly looks very bashful. "This is new for me. I've never—"
He gives me a smile that clearly means
"Obviously, John," Sherlock forces out, still a condescending prat when injured.
The atmosphere changes. The intensity that had been building evaporates, leaving a soft and unhurried longing curling around us.
They both lie awake in the doctor’s room above, neither saying a word. Newborn sunlight creeps across the floor toward the new lovers, reaching its fingers greedily, but not quite touching.
This chapter gave me hell. Without the help of dancingtomumfordinmymindpalace, it wouldn't be nearly where it is now. And I'm still not happy with it. Writer's block be damned.
You want to pull him down, into your lap. You want to push away the clothes until it's just you and him and miles of skin. You want to stretch out across the bed and let him invade your senses, your body. You want to, but you don't.
John notes the slightly slumped posture of his friend. There is no way the deep cut in his shoulder isn't giving him a hell of a lot of pain. "Yes. Brilliant. But I don't really have the most desirable tools or location to take care of this." Carefully, he begins cleaning the wound. The detective's breath hitches, but otherwise he remains silent under John's hands. "Knife?"
and my hips involuntarily thrust forward the slightest amount, craving friction, craving
Angelo refills our wine glasses, even though Sherlock hasn't touched his and I've only taken a sip of mine.
Sherlock remains silently stretched out on the sofa as his gaze flickers over John.
Instead, you watch as he leans across you and begins rummaging in a nearby drawer. Your mind is foggy and slow and it takes you an embarrassingly long time to realize what it is he is reaching for. Now, it's blatantly obvious as he slicks his fingers.
He blinks up at me slowly before gripping my jacket above my shoulder. "John, I'm so sorry. So sorry."
The detective grins. "Exactly what I thought." He stands and swivels towards Lestrade. "So why is a young woman like this wearing a perfume that so obviously belongs on a woman three times her age?"
Sherlock remains silent, holding his ever-present scarf against the gash in his shoulder as John pushes him into a kitchen chair.
"Oh. I—Sorry."
. He hates the word and chooses to omit it in favor of spouting sometimes shocking sentences.
Gripping his arse to keep him steady, I quickly pull my legs from under him and stretch them out so we don't fall over before tugging him further up and deepening our connection.
There's hidden meaning behind that word and the detective knows it. "Immensely."
The doctor chuckles, sending waves of warmth to the very reaches of the detective's nerve endings. "No." A tiny lick at the sensitive nub. "You. Me. Us."
We're standing practically back-to-back, surrounded by three unsavory individuals with extremely big-ass guns. I have a sneaky suspicion that the Browning at the small of my back isn't going to help us much right now, but I don't trust Sherlock not to do something stupid, so I shoot him a warning look to go with the warning tone in my voice. He lightly rolls his eyes—
His muscles spasm and he gasps, trying to relax. And when he does...
"Oh god, Sherlock are you okay?" John. Dear, sweet John. Ever worrying.
Wanting, wanting,
He rolls his eyes and crawls out of bed, starkers and flaunting it.
The amount of time it takes for John to make his decision.
"Okay?"
"Solved it, then?" John asks without looking up.
Thank you to anyone who ever commented, favorited, or followed Turning of the Tide. Also, thanks so much to everyone who supported me so kindly during my hiatus.
I shake my head. "No, I'm not talking about right now. I mean, in general. Are you alright?"
Angelo's is quiet when we arrive, as we've preceded the evening rush. Angelo comes out smiling and places a candle on our table (as usual), something I've given up protesting. Without asking, he brings what we always order, and Sherlock barely eats a bite of his own food (as usual) and picks the tomatoes off my side salad instead (as usual).
"Sherlock."
it's like an overwhelming wave of painful pleasure amidst the gradual stretching.
, but one tap in the wrong place could make him shatter.
"I can't—!" I groan in frustration and let it go. He'll pout the entire time we're out. I really should let him stay home when he's in one of these moods, but the sad truth is, I enjoy the git's company.
that Mrs. Hudson isn't home.
Slowly, not wanting to alarm the terrified detective, I wrap my hand around the delicate wrist close to my body.
This time, I brush one hand up the outside of his thigh, the purpose not to arouse but to let him know what I'm doing before I slip my fingers into the edge of his pants. He lifts his hips automatically, and I gently pull the fabric away, taking a moment to look at him before standing and slipping off my own.
I'm surprised when, a few moments later, I hear the bustling and clatters that come with preparation for a fire.
His mind is his tool, the one thing he relies upon. He considers himself superior, which he is in most ways, intellectually. It runs faster than I can comprehend, notices things that most people wouldn't even begin to take note of. He
I can't speak.
But the bad days? Those are the most difficult times to watch him. His mind devours him, tortures him, flings him around in a tornado of thought and mercilessly drops him onto a bed of spikes. There isn't much to do about it, hardly any way to relieve it. Usually, he either lies on the sofa curled up, or locks himself in his room. Sometimes, if I'm sitting on the sofa myself, he'll curl up beside me with his head against my thigh. That doesn't happen often, but it seems to placate him in a way that nothing else does. It's flattering, in a horrible, I'm-quite-flattered-but-it's-not-worth-seeing-you- like-this kind of manner.
"John." He whispers it so silently it's a miracle I even heard. His large palm is resting against his forehead, covering one eye, and the other is closed.
"I was stupid."
"Oh, Sherlock, your wrist," she mourns, lightly cupping the injured appendage in her delicate hands.
I smile weakly and slide my arms around his torso. "Come to bed, Sherlock."
It's been like this for the past week, ever since the gay bar incident. Sherlock brings up everything and nothing all at once, and I'm left to figure out what in the hell he's talking about. There haven't been any other cases, yet he doesn't seem overly bored. The bruising is still there, sending twinges through his rib cage when he moves too quickly. He doesn't talk about it and I don't ask, but he still comes to me every day and wordlessly lets me check his ribs to make sure they're healing. It's an odd thing, seeing Sherlock shirtless on a daily basis. Before the attack, that didn't happen often. Sure, there were days where he'd walk around in his sheet or duvet, but otherwise he was thoroughly covered.
"Don't worry about it."
With arms weak from amusement, I slide them around his waist and drag his arse out of the sink, still chuckling as I bury my face in the crook of his neck.
times.
I pause in my reading when I catch a glimpse of a name in the obituaries. "Did you hear about the elder Mrs. Rochester's passing? Says here she died a week ago."
I become aware of Sherlock staring at me, concerned. "John, are you alright?"
It isn't enough.
I'm careful not to wake up the exhausted detective, but only a few minutes pass before I feel the fingers on my stomach lightly flex into my skin.
She holds us for a few more moments before letting us go with two gentle kisses on each of our cheeks.
Sherlock composes.
woman had decided she fancied me a bit. Sherlock, who had quickly disappeared once we'd stepped inside the building, had suddenly appeared at my side, grabbing my hand and making it painfully clear to the poor girl that I was
Here's Chapter 1, like I promised! This story is basically following the progression of Sherlock and John's relationship from friends to lovers as I see fit to write it, so if that's not your cup of tea, turn back now. :)
"Gottle o' geer."
He pauses for a second, and you hurry to reassure him, realizing you sounded harsher than you meant to.
I sigh and run a hand through my hair.
He angles his thrusts until he's hitting your prostate with
you let me know right away, got it? I don't want to hurt you."
Sunlight peeks through the windows to tickle the yellow smiley face on the wall.
To this point, lower bodies had been happily avoided, both content to let John continue with his ministrations above. But when John shifts so there is a knee between Sherlock's thighs, the detective lets out a choked cry that shoots straight to John's groin.
Being the one lying here, getting the privilege of actually watching Sherlock Holmes at his most vulnerable state, is overwhelming. It starts in the pit of my stomach and grows until my entire body is infused with warmth.
Sherlock's heart pounded insistently. He could feel John's gentle breath against his face, could
Tilting your head back, you're relieved when you feel his fingers thread into your hair, and you shift your weight and lean until you can rest your head against him.
A small whimper whispered its way out of his throat before he could stifle it. John tilted his head and came at his mouth from a different angle, this time barely parting his lips. Sherlock mirrored the movements the best he could, trying to get his mind to
It's what they've been telling me for the past several…hours? minutes? days? I hadn't believed a word, not even Mycroft's. Not until I could see him myself. And he is okay.
There's a split second where they glare at each other before Sherlock launches himself out of his chair and spins toward the window, dressing gown fluttering about his body. "It's how I've always done it. I don't see a need to change anything now."
When nothing else happens, Sherlock looks up to find John studying him, head to toe. Before the detective can say anything, the doctor is moving up and then there are fingers brushing the new, puckered scar on Sherlock's otherwise flawless skin.
with nothing between.
The end of the beginning.
His head drops and our cheeks brush, his curls tickling my forehead and ear. I turn my head to say something, but…
He says nothing as he hangs up his coat and scarf. He retreats to his bedroom and I'm worried that I've seen the last of him for the night, but within a few moments he returns, wearing his night clothes and dressing gown.
Could it get much messier?
How could I have been so blind.
I try to ignore the slight tingling in my fingers or the warmth spreading up my arm.
Start to speak.
"You see, John," he interrupts, "I merely wanted to know if you are aware of the things my brother is dealing with right now. For his sake."
"What is?"
There are concerns, I know, from his years of using. But I was also the doctor to insist that tests be done to prove that he was clean after someone made some nasty accusations. As for myself, I've been checked recently, so I'm not worried.
Back in the loo, I study the room we have to work with. The toilet lid was destroyed in one of Sherlock's less…successful experiments, so that's out as a location for him to perch. The sink is low and has a small counter, so I gesture towards it. The angle's a bit awkward, but I think we'll survive.
"As soon as you stop being so impatient," I reply flatly, without removing my gaze from my writing.
(See the end of the chapter for
That had been seven hours ago.
Case closed, we head back to the flat, Sherlock taking shallow breaths on the ride there. He refused to go to the hospital once again, despite both myself and Lestrade trying to convince him otherwise. I'd succeeded in knocking the bastard out that had kicked Sherlock in the ribs, then waited with the mad detective until Lestrade arrived to take the man away.
John's eyes flicker down but he is otherwise statue-like.
"Are you cold?" John asks.
"I'm sooo changeable!"
Taking that as a sign that I'd been dismissed, I stand and leave the room. Do I dare hope that Sherlock's confession is his way of saying he cares for me more than just a partner, a flatmate...a friend?
John thrusts again, deep. Once, twice, three times and then he's more than inside you, he's a part of you.
I try not to look overly relieved, though the fear that had been about to choke me, the worry that he had relapsed, had me so tense that just the sight of that stupid coat was enough to make me want to bury my face in it. I had been within minutes of calling Mycroft.
There are mornings that begin in the middle of the night after a horrifying nightmare of that same flatmate falling onto the concrete and shattering into thousands of tiny, bloody pieces.
Oh. That's...entirely different.
My hand automatically reaches for my gun, but the bastards had taken it. Phones too, I realize. My pockets are empty.
I feel him move beneath me, pulling us further up the bed, and then his legs are bent and open, making room for my hips, and we are finally pressed together. I gasp into his neck and he lets out a cry into the air as he throws his head back into the pillow.
"People do little else."
"We aren't conventional."
I don't have work today, so I sit slowly typing up one of Sherlock's more recent cases. The detective had rushed out of the flat early that morning with a brief explanation of where he was going, so I wasn't overly concerned when he still wasn't back in the evening hours.
Mrs. Hudson comes in with a basket of muffins before anything more can be said.
"What...what?" Sherlock stammers. He never stammers. What's going on?
"Thank you," he says genuinely.
Whether you're envious of the leg or the hand that's touching it...well, some things are a mystery even to you.
Minutes after Sherlock fled the scene, Lestrade arrived with an ambulance and I had been forced to endure the rest of the evening in A&E. It had been exhausting, and Sherlock hadn't even bothered to come with me. Despite some light pain medication, I hadn't been able to sleep well that night.
He turns his face to me, and I can feel his eyelashes against my temple. Bracing myself on my hands, I push up and look down into the ghostly face. Something in my chest loosens to see clear eyes blinking back at me. Gone is the smothering shadow that had haunted them the day before.
There's an earthquake somewhere. Bit odd, that.
it." My voice is low and my hand has never been steadier.
Then it clicks.
But he'd also been given a
Sherlock Holmes is a very noisy kisser.
and so you
gay, most definitely had a thing for him. He's the kind of man that makes anyone question his or her sexual orientation.
He does, but it's not so much a hop-up as it is a sit-down.
"Sherlock…" I start, not really knowing how that sentence was supposed to end.
, Sherlock, how is this my—" He cuts himself off with a strange groan. "
Sherlock gets up in a fluid motion and walks to where my laptop rests on the table. Sitting down and opening it, he stares at the screen for a minute. He hasn't turned it on yet.
"Observation, John," he corrects. His face hasn't changed.
to face, I'm not entirely sure we fully realize they are there. But our dynamic has changed. The atmosphere surrounding us has shifted.
"Don't be simple, John!"
During his movement, my arousal had become almost painful. I press the tip of a third finger in, and it goes in much easier than the other two had. He's a leaking, trembling, nearly sobbing mess by now and I don't know whether to be proud or alarmed.
The looks were quieter, the giggles deeper, the mood more sober. The post-case high was still there, but in a different form. Words were spoken in slight touches of a hand to a shoulder, or a visual connection between blue eyes and fathomless ones.
"Sherlock," I voice warningly.
The detective is still moving about madly. "I'm going to get you out of this, John."
I try to pull some air into my lungs as the laughter fades. Motioning in his direction, I say, "You're just so worked up. I thought there was a death, or Moriarty was back, or something equally as bad." I chuckle again, a hideous sound that's entirely too girly for my liking. "And it's all over your…your…
"Does anything seem…off about the scent of her skin?"
He looks up at you. "Yes, a bit of a mood-killer."
The stroking becomes more insistent and you ease yourself into a steadier pattern of breathing. Your hips stutter a brief moment before you inadvertently thrust forward. John gasps and pulls you closer with his other arm until you can feel the bulge of his cock beneath you.
"Then for god's sake, Sherlock,
Sherlock takes it.
I narrow my eyes at him. He's avoiding eye contact and his hands are fluttering about him like two birds trying to escape a cage.
Lestrade's face screws up in confusion. "Why the uncle?"
I squeeze his wrist lightly. "You're home now, Sherlock. It really is."
I sigh a little. This has actually gotten him into a schoolboy huff. It could be days before he pulls himself out of it if he doesn't get a case soon.
"What is it?" I mumble, groaning and placing a hand against my head as I sit up.
"…but don't think for one second that I am one of them."
Lestrade shrugs. "Why?" he asks, indulging the slightly deranged man in front of him.
. But that doesn't bother you, so this time you do kiss him on the mouth. His touch is like fire, lighting you up and incinerating you with every stroke, brush, taste. His tongue invades your own mouth and you respond in kind.
You look up with wide, searching eyes. His are smiling.
like I'm doing?"
My eyes drift back to the consulting detective as well, but my mind wanders in a different direction.
"Gottle o' geer."
Suddenly, a guy sitting at the bar makes eye contact with Sherlock as the detective walks towards him and jumps up. Before I can blink, we're chasing the man out into the dark streets. Sherlock had a bit of a head start, so I push myself to catch up. Despite this, his dark coat flaps around the corner to an alleyway, still in hot pursuit, leaving me behind. Before I reach the opening to the side street, I hear a loud grunt, fueling me to hurry. Sherlock is lying on the cold ground, trying to stand back up, but it looks like his ribs are killing him.
"I'm glad no one saw that."
The detective had been actively trying to avoid his flatmate for the past week.
"Together?" I ask.
I briefly hum. "What? Of course." I drop my voice slightly, aware that Sherlock can probably still hear us. "Why do you ask?"
"Lestrade, you should call your mother before she's dead."
This time, a sob does escape, and you cling to John so fiercely, you're afraid you'll injure him. You're pretty sure this isn't how you are supposed to feel after sex. Wrecked, broken,
"We'll make do," he pants, moving his hands all along my upper chest now, cataloging and categorizing despite the splint, pausing only slightly when his thumb brushes my scar. His eyes lift back up. They would be sad if he decided to show the emotions behind that flushed face. "Is it not good of me to be grateful for the bullet that did this?" he murmurs.
You become aware of those very eyes on you in that moment, concern etching different lines into his face.
uninteresting. Complete with the sheath (if that's what you could call it) of their own skin clutched in their hands. They had been brutally murdered, really. Mutilation was a very light word for what had been done to those poor souls.
hurt your wrist again, Sherlock."
and you should be completely overcome by the case at hand. It isn't every day you get a locked room mystery with multiple mutilated bodies. Instead, your entire focus is on the slight scuffle of a shoe against the rough concrete floor.
"We're out of milk."
"Probably not."
I roll out of bed and pad my way into the kitchen, putting the kettle on before making a trip to the bathroom. My stomach is still slightly sticky from the night before, so I grab a cloth and clean up the best I can before going back to the bedroom.
"It's okay."
Sherlock blinked at him owlishly. "I—" He stopped. Blinked again. "Would you make love to me?"
I had nodded my agreement, followed him into a cab, then to Baker Street where he paced restlessly across the creaking floorboards continuously for nearly an hour before throwing his coat back on.
"Although, I have
instead of my customary scream of
"John," he says desperately, throwing his head back and exposing his throat. When I see his face, I nearly choke out a sound myself. His eyes are wide and shot full of desperate need, want, hope,
I can tell every step makes him want to crumple in on himself, and the poor man can barely breathe through the pain. With collaborative efforts, we manage to get Sherlock into a tolerable position, lying on his broken ribs to ease the breathing discomforts.
He wakes up twelve hours later and John is still there. It's the weekend. No work for him.
"Donovan, your cat died this morning. Cab hit her. Condolences."
be completely over him leaving. He was gone for almost three years before he showed his face again. In that time, I'd done my pathetic part in moving on, no matter how difficult it was. I was working, dating (if two awful, hour-long dates count), and pulling my life back together. It had been horrible, considering the first time I was in need of putting myself together was when I had met Sherlock. He had been the thing to bring me back to life. Hell, he had
no matter how female that makes me sound. The silk of his skin glides under the roughness of my palms as I unnecessarily skim my hands over his shoulders.
A cloth is shoved in front of my face before I can protest. Sherlock's cut off exclamation of my name is the last thing I hear before complete darkness sweeps me away.
"He looked like you!" he shouts suddenly, eyes wide, spilling whiskey over the edge of his glass. It sloshes onto the floor in a little puddle between our feet.
The kiss is slow and he lets me guide it, his body relaxing as he permits me to roll us over until I'm covering him. I pull away for a brief moment to tug the blankets just over his feet, trying to ignore the plaintive sound that slips out of his throat as I do so. Neither of us says a word as he slides cold hands under my shirt and onto my sides. I hiss in air at the contrast of skin temperatures, but don't stop him, instead bringing our mouths back together.
"What…would you like me…to make him say…next?"
Sherlock sits near my feet with his arms wrapped around his drawn-up legs. At some point, he had scooted close enough to rest his head on the edge of the chair, and his back is barely brushing my calf.
had been more or less monumental. And horribly revealing, I believe. It also left me awfully confused, on so many levels. Where do I even start? Straight man, previously assumed asexual man, near-death experience, last-minute rescue...
I give him one of my disbelieving smiles. "No, Sherlock. Don't do this. Not to me. He obviously said something that upset you."
Sherlock barely says two words to her as he examines the body, his back stiff. Lestrade stands next to me and we give him space as he scuttles about the corpse, a bit like a ghost crab.
His jaw is uncharacteristically prickly when I touch it. "We won't do anything if it's too much, Sherlock. It's fine."
There is another long pause after that as I mull thoughts over in my head. "Are you afraid I'll leave?" I finally ask quietly.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," I murmur, because it's my turn to apologize. "I am so sorry." Sorry for everything.
Sherlock is still in the same position he was in last night—sitting on the floor and facing the fireplace—before I'd drifted off to dreamland.
"You know what I mean!" What he'd said had shaken me far more than it should have. Having a man resurrected say that had brought a lot of unpleasant memories rushing back.
"Jim Moriarty. Hi!"
You hear the front door open and close a few minutes later as John leaves the flat.
I look up from where I had been studying the dark contents of my cup. We haven't talked much since his outburst the night before. Fortunately, Lestrade had texted us this morning about a new case before the tension between us could explode in our faces. "Hm?"
"Where would I have kept it in this getup?" I shout back, running after the man.
He shrugs.
In reality, you were blindsided by it the moment, only seconds before now, when John touched your face, feather soft, and asked, "Do you trust me?" with his eyes only.
A startled laugh bursts out of me in a huff of air and he smiles as his eyes fall shut.
Sherlock Holmes in awe is one of the most beautiful things I have ever been graced to see.
trembling. He's shaking and shuddering and breathing in gulping breaths and I worry that I've already pushed too far, too quickly. He's new to this. No matter what he says, this has to be a little terrifying. His mind is probably overloading with new data. Crippling fear washes over me as I start to think I've fucked this up before it even had a chance to begin.
I stare at him for a moment, trying to absorb the rapid speech he had just laid out in front of me. "I thought we agreed you wouldn't deduce me out loud?"
Languages meld together as words fall endlessly from his lips in quiet tones. French, Italian, and perhaps German, all the while my name—
"I need to go."
This time, there is no faking. I can feel my mind start to thicken with heavier confusion, but I try to fight it as Sherlock stares up at me with his clear, clear eyes. I brush my fingers against a cheekbone, trying to ingrain it into my mind so hopefully I can recall it in whatever afterlife there is.
"Sherlock," I say quietly, to ground him. Bring him back to a small flat on Baker Street in London, with a flatmate (partner, companion, friend, best friend, lover[?]), body parts in the fridge, and a skull on the mantle.
He blinks before speaking. "Mycroft isn't well."
Perhaps that John died the same day Moriarty did.
"No!" Sherlock objected loudly. "I need you inside me, John. I need you. Now."
John really doesn't want to watch Sherlock die again.
I force my eyes open, blinking to see Sherlock sitting up in the bed beside me. He looks as though he's been awake awhile, propped against the headboard and staring at the opposite wall. Afternoon sunlight is bathing the room in warm tones, making his skin glow with orange light.
"Would you stay, John?"
Once we were back at the flat, I'd yelled at him, telling him exactly what I thought about him, in no polite terms, and reestablished that I was not gay,
John's deep blue irises stare into Sherlock's for a long moment, in wonder. "And people think you can't be romantic," he whispers.
It was part gasp, more sob, like he was choking on air. "John," he breathed, open mouth barely touching the doctor’s. It was a plea, plaintive and small. His entire body was shaking violently.
"We both know that wasn't true," I say in Sherlock's defense.
habit of his and you turn to snap a lashing comment at him when he stands on tiptoes and presses his lips to yours. In the four seconds that your lips touch, you hear the silent exchange going on between the two of you.
I deduce, in the end, though, Sherlock Holmes is realizing that he's actually human. He'd told me as much in Angelo's, though at the time I took it as him saying everyone makes mistakes. I think differently now. It's one thing to fake a death, and a completely different one to actually die.
Sherlock wouldn't really care to hear about his day, but he'd tell him anyway. John chuckles wryly, imagining Sherlock's unimpressed expression when he tells the git about his heroics, and then the frustrated puff of air that would pass between the detective's bow lips before he'd turn himself over on the couch to shut John out.
But as Sherlock gently nudged at his face, their noses bumping together, John realized that he was the only one privileged enough to look into those opaline eyes and see all that trust and emotion shining back.
"Well deduced."
"People might talk."
The heat blazing between you far surpasses what you felt the first time. It's different. Carnal and desperate, yet burning tenderness and the grace that could only be given to you by John Watson.
"Sherlock, what the hell?" I grumble, looking at the clock. Four AM. Bloody...
A corpse, whiskey, and an umbrella.
"I might be back late."
I glance up from my laptop. Sherlock has his legs crossed, resting the bow back across his shoulder as he cradles his violin. "I think any fancy for it was effectively extinguished at the pool with Moriarty." I shake my head. "Gottle o' geer isn't quite so amusing anymore."
"Do you want me to…?" I lower the daily.
"Let it go, Sherlock." John grazes his lips up until they are resting just below your ear on the sensitive skin. "Let me hear you."
Sherlock is terrified to see moisture gathering in the doctor's eyes and decides there is entirely too much
During the night, I had turned away from Sherlock, so now I slowly move to bury my face in the soft curls beside me. Eyes sliding shut, I breathe in the scent of this madman I've entangled my life—and now body—with. The arm pressed into the mattress by Sherlock's body has easy access to his smooth shoulder, and I spend idle moments stroking the soft skin there, resting in the honeyed morning light.
This whole situation reminds me briefly of a case we'd been working before the…well, before the Fall. We'd been in an ordinary and rather lively bar, inquiring after a suspect, when one particularly
"I'm awake," he mutters into my chest.
"Yes you are."
I roll my eyes and get up. "I'll get us something to drink, then?" I've figured out by now that this is more of a stakeout than something requiring Sherlock to interact with the persons present.
I think to myself.
"It still hurts, John." The statement is quiet.
Startled and self-conscious, John stands with the water running over him, mouth still poised to release the notes coming from his throat—
"Yes, John,"he utters quietly, neck arching and breath catching as my fingers lightly dance down the expanse of his chest.
I pause briefly before realizing what he's talking about.
"That…
And yet, here the detective sits, bored and gracefully draped in his seat.
And maybe this isn't the time or place for grand revelations, but I realize that every day pushes Sherlock closer and closer to the time that he really
Greg nods as he bags the bracelet Sherlock has discovered. He's used to Sherlock's abrupt exits by now.
The second time, you don't know what it is.
He shakes his head slightly, still looking through the magnifier. "Not this time. You're just more likely to come down, or at least out of your room, if it's about me." He pulls a face. "Probably making sure I'm still here."
You watch intently as John straightens the sleeves on his old uniform. He's going to an army friend's wedding. Their entire unit is dressing in uniform. You think it's ridiculous.
"You're as much in the dark as I am about this," I say.
John seems to regain some use of his vocal cords. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" It comes out with much less force than intentioned.
bastard
were you thinking?" John shouts, even as the doctor side of him jumps into action.
, but you don't.
"Because I'm one of those people!"
And then it's as if a curtain drops and John's expression shifts. Pain? Worry? Desperation? ...Longing?
He chuckles at your momentary sass. And it
"Doofus!"
I shake my head in self-deprecation. "I'm human. Mistakes. Sorry."
Sherlock's head suddenly snaps up. "The work always comes first, John. Always!" Fury boils somewhere in the opaline eyes glaring back at the doctor. "If I must put myself in danger to solve a case, I
"Should probably keep your scarf on tomorrow," John mutters distractedly, allowing his breath to graze over the detective's damp skin.
Finished with my examination, I motion for him to button his shirt back up. "What? Of course you did." How could he forget something like that?
"Absolutely not." He turns over in a huff and faces the back of the sofa, curling in on himself in an obvious form of pouting.
"There's a bit of a chill. Would you build a fire, Sherlock?" I call into the other room. I don't expect him to, but it's worth asking.
The corpse in front of you is interesting,
John caught himself from falling onto the slim frame below him. They stayed still for a moment, then John pulled away and Sherlock made a tiny sound. Drying tears left tracks down his emaciated cheeks, brow furrowed, chest still heaving. He looked broken.
He wasn't really nervous. The doctor was kind. He would never do anything to hurt Sherlock. But in this area, he was incredibly naïve. Of course, he knew the chemistry of it. It was all quite simple. Hormones and libido and such. Lust's affects on the human body. Dilated pupils, racing pulse, flushed skin.
." Not exactly what he meant to say, but he was busy biting back a combination of vulgarity and animalistic noises that were suddenly attempting to forcibly shove their way out of his mouth. "
Then, the hand on his thigh moves. Your eyes dart down and watch as the doctor lays his palm against the back of your hand and you have a brief moment to catch John's slight smile before the cabbie barks "221 Baker Street" and you have to move.
This just came as natural progression. Sherlock certainly won't make himself food and the man barely eats anyway, so when I'm making toast, I make double. When I make soup, I force Sherlock to eat a bowl. Consequently, I end up making the tea too. I'm by no means an excellent cook, but my food passes decently and does what it's supposed to.
He's sitting low, knees resting lightly against the seat in front of him. His injured arm is cradled against his chest, and he looks so very breakable that my throat aches. He's made of a deceptive form of glass—seemingly strong, and for the most part
emotions bleeding all over the walls of self-preservation were rapidly being destroyed.
"I never had a plan," I break in quietly, staring into the depths of the cup in my hand.
(The detective went over the last sentence in his head and decided, quite profoundly, that John's contributions to his vocabulary were significantly lacking. The statement was also dramatic with a flair Mycroft would have appreciated. Conclusion: a regretful excuse for a sentence.)
Only Sherlock Holmes could find a case about two corpses found in exact replicas of de Amusco's
do it!"
This time, he shoves his tongue into my mouth. Inexperienced and desperate, but the best thing I've ever felt. It's hot, abandoned, and his tongue is warm and inquisitive, as it leaves no part of my mouth unexplored.
—helps to fuel me with the strength to continue on the way I am. He's like a giant conductor of electricity, or a brightly burning star, and the people around him are the wilting flowers bursting back to life under his, however unintentional, care.
"Hm?" I say, glancing up briefly.
"Why did you stop?" you ask.
"It's gonna start very soon, Sherlock."
He watches as the tall one leaves. He knows where he's going and it's only a matter of time before the watcher is found out.
"Consulting criminal."
"Sod this," John finally says, turning away. "I'm going to bed."
I did all my research about shaving with a straight razor online since I am, in fact, a girl and don't know anybody that uses one. So once again, any errors in that department are the internet's fault.
I've gone all weird and soppy, haven't I? I've made myself cringe. Let me try this again:
Warnings: This chapter contains brief mild torture. Nothing really graphic, mainly just remembering it.
that you did…"
As expected, he shoots a volatile glare in my direction. "What is it?"
Without announcement or ceremony, Sherlock shoves open the door and then pulls back the shower curtain. "For the love of all that is living, could you please
The cold air hitting my bare skin wakes me up abruptly the next morning. Popping open my eyes, I glare up at Sherlock who still holds the covers he's pulled off of me.
"Okay then."
"Okay?" John asks quietly.
I do the laundry.
"John." I try to shut him up, but he just turns his head. "John, what are we doing?"
The realization of this had hit me hard in the face just as I was walking past Sherlock in the kitchen. He was going through an assortment of case files and paused for a brief moment to reach up and rub the back of his neck. It was an unnatural chink in his armor, revealing the stiffness that being human brings when you sit in one position far too long. It hit me that he was getting older, that I was getting older, we were still friends, and it
Snog, shower, and shave.
He was well aware that his hand was incredibly unsteady as he reached up to press John's hovering hand to his own cheek. Letting his eyes slide shut, he felt the callused palm of his doctor graze the smooth skin on his face. He held back a shudder as John's thumb brushed lightly over his cheekbone.
There is only so much pain the human body can take.
—and you twist so you can wrap your arms around his shoulders, burying your face into his soft, soft skin and breathing him in.
"John, I am quite capable of unbuttoning my own trousers," he forces out, panting and barely writhing as my knuckles brush a severely low patch of skin on his stomach.
Lungs. Burning. Need air.
Sherlock straightens and I watch as he feels a brief twinge pass through his chest. He brushes it off so quickly neither Lestrade or Molly notice, but he's also gone pale. "I believe you're looking for the uncle." That's when I hear the odd tone in his voice. "I need to go." He quickly strides to the door.
Acknowledge him when he says something.
"John…oh god. John, I—" He cuts himself off as he jumps to his feet and flees the room, leaving me to prop myself against the bathtub to keep from falling over.
Exhale.
He shakes his head.
A look of confusion crosses Sherlock's face. "We're all dying, John. But if you mean am I going to drop dead tomorrow, I do believe I have quite a few more years before I go six feet under."
Sherlock nods jerkily, brushing his lips back over John's in a sweetly innocent kiss.
My body is shaking violently with the shuddering coughs as my lungs try to dispel the water from them. While I become aware of my surroundings, I recognize a familiar scent and the touch of a rough coat against my face.
I begin walking him backwards, guiding him blindly to the wall beside the doorway to his room and pressing him against it. His breath staggers and he throws his head back, exposing that—
Sheets entangling.
"Sherlock?"
At first, he refused to look in my direction as he began the setup on one of his experiments, but after a bit, he began giving me little peeks whenever he thought I wasn't looking. I always was.
I had thought about this once before. I'd found Sherlock sitting in his chair, fingers prayer-like under his chin, staring at the far wall. Nothing unusual there, but the slight redness about the eyes had caused me to give him a second look. At first, I worried that perhaps he'd found an old stash of something, but after a slightly closer study, realized the redness was due to the tracks of dried tears on the detective's cheekbones. His face was completely stoic, not at all distressed. The watering of his eyes was very simply probably because he'd stared too long without blinking, but it had sent me to thinking about the possibility of Sherlock Holmes shedding a genuine tear. If he ever does, no one ever sees. There are never witnesses. No proof. And that's what Sherlock always insists is necessary, is it not? Proof.
of his excruciatingly slow typing is about to drive you mad.
He's staring at me, both hands slightly moving against my thighs. Those eyes are heavy-lidded and dark, and he studies my face. Hair, forehead, brows, eyes, nose, down to the chin, back up to my mouth.
Juan Valverde de Amusco's Anatomia del corpo humano is real. It's an interesting drawing of the human body from the 1500s. A bit morbidly fascinating.
