and he rushes to speak. "I meant, you wouldn't have been comfortable having unprotected sex with me—including oral—until my three month blood panel came back, which means you bought these assuming we would be having sex soon."
Sherlock's hand stretches out towards John's arm, and lands—warm and dry and alive
. "I'll provide you with all hatchling-related care items tomorrow. For now, so long as it comforts him and he can eat without pain, then whatever you've concocted over there will have to do."
Blaine’s flat in the French Quarter must cost thousands of dollars a month, and yet it’s only two bedrooms. It’s tastefully decorated in a style Sherlock thinks of as Wealthy White Man. Wood paneling, dark leather couches. Lots of brown and black and expensive wood.
"All right, then," John says, feeling smug. Sherlock settles back against him. "Let's do it."
"Wait a minute, Sherlock. You want me to
"I've known for three years that John was attracted to me, but he always stridently denied being gay. Technically, he's bisexual, not gay, but anyway, he was dating another man and he told his—boyfriend about this—what had happened between John and myself and it resulted in the end of their relationship, and John blames me. He's also, rightfully so, angry at me for faking my death and then keeping him in the dark for eighteen months. Our friendship is in danger because of this—inappropriate attachment."
John wants to defend Sherlock and say he couldn't help the timing of the case, but the truth is Mycroft had probably been trying to get him to take it for a long time, and Sherlock finally agreed just to get away from John. So John says nothing.
John gaped at Chatsworth, feeling utterly betrayed. Chatsworth at least managed to look slightly chagrined.
"You think you're funny, but you're really not," Sherlock says, and John says, "That's my line, actually," and Sherlock kisses him. John pulls back, and Sherlock stops him, one arm around him, the other holding the back of his head tight, and he whispers, "I need you to stop doing what
happy, and no, he wouldn't be pleased about it. He would expect me to spend the rest of my life in widow's weeds grieving his loss. For a man who said he didn't care about romantic entanglements, he was an incredibly possessive and jealous bastard."
"What? There's no way I'm passing you a four week old baby!" John says, rising to hand Milton off to one of his mothers, but Sherlock says, "Just trust me," and John does trust him. He hands the squalling bundle over and can't help but sigh in pleasure at the gentle way Sherlock cradles the baby before laying him on his chest. He holds him there with one hand and begins to hum, the noise low and vibrating in his chest. Milton almost immediately falls quiet.
, the way he always does when he's exasperated. "It's a
want you."
"Go on," Sherlock says with a nod.
"You're an idiot," John growled, but the idea had already drawn him in. He began the mental equivalent of doodling.
"First of all, I only do Dom/sub during sex. No, I don't like being punished. What I
Chatsworth said, "I thought you took a leave of absence?"
And for the rest of the day, as promised, John did not complain about the drool. (Although he did complain—just
"I understand, my—" and stops himself from tacking
"Of course," Sherlock says, nodding his head aggressively, his cheeks flushing slightly in embarrassment. His one month blood panel has come back clean, but John is well within his rights to request condoms for as long as he needs to feel safe. It still stings, though, and reminds him unhappily of the reason why they're needed in the first place.
John wants to defend Sherlock and say he couldn't help the timing of the case, but the truth is Mycroft had probably been trying to get him to take it for a long time, and Sherlock finally agreed just to get away from John. So John says nothing.
him, finds so much delight in him—it would be to go to this party.
Sherlock lands in New Orleans as he begins to dismantle Moriarty's criminal empire.
, Sherlock! You can't tell me that there wasn't one person in the entirety of the British Secret Service who couldn't have taken on the tasks of finding these people who were threatening our lives?"
"Yeah, no—he's mine."
, but Sherlock has worked for what they have just as much as John.)
"Yes."
—what do you—"
, the egg said, as though it had finally learned the word to express the concept.
"Is it that obvious?" Gerald asks, wrinkling his nose adorably in embarrassment.
I opened dragon!lock for the first time in over a year today and looked over what I had for the last chapter. In order to assuage my guilt for the rampant and viral writer's block I've been suffering, I decided to break the chapter in two and give you what I've had since I posted my last chapter. Yes, it's been sitting here for over a year and, yes, that means I could've posted it at any time but I had high hopes that my writer's block would end "any day now!" It's been a terrible year, but I won't go into that. I have written one paragraph of the next chapter so you might see chapter 13 some time in 2024.
"Ow! Fuck! Sherlock, no!" John reached down and grabbed Sherlock under his belly, depositing him in his lap. "You can't climb me, okay? Your claws are too sharp. You'll hurt me."
A week after John gave Gerald a split lip, they go to a furniture store and John buys a new bed. When it's delivered, he has the workers move Sherlock's bed upstairs and they take away the old bed from the second-floor bedroom.
"Oh," Sherlock says, realizing. Then, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have—"
"Yeah," John says, stripping out of his dusty, sweaty clothes. "I'm gonna hop in the shower. You can go next, okay?"
"I'll sleep upstairs," Sherlock says. "You need your rest as well."
Sherlock can’t answer because his mouth is once again assaulted by Blaine’s. Blaine slides his tongue along Sherlock’s, then swirls it around, sliding out, sucking as he goes. Abruptly, he lets go of Sherlock’s tongue and body, leaving Sherlock stumbling.
"But I don't want to have sex with him!"
"John!" Sherlock cried. He opened his mouth as though he would say more, but nothing came out. He blinked a couple of times, his brow furrowing.
). Gerald does everything he asks with perfect obedience and precision and it's enough to make John dizzy. He's the exact opposite of Sherlock in this situation. Sherlock often went out of his way to do the opposite of what John asked, even when John was stitching him up. He would wiggle and gripe and, in general, be as difficult as possible.
. Before today."
. He can't face Sherlock like this, knowing Sherlock will
Sherlock sticks a finger in his mouth and licks and sucks on it and then he shoves that hand into the back of John's pajamas and begins rubbing his saliva soaked finger against John's entrance.
"Oh, God," John muttered and covered his face.
door opening and closing and then, finally, the scraping metal sound of the shower curtain rings as the curtain is drawn open and then closed. Then silence for seven seconds (other than the ambient sounds) and then—there it is—weeping.
to help him because it meant drawing their attention to me. I was weak."
"Thank you, Mycroft," John said sincerely.
If I'd known you were alive,
Chatsworth bowed his head in the affirmative. "I'd think you'd be all right with nudity seeing as you're a doctor."
and telling me we're going to have sex!"
"John," Rebecca says, poking him in the shoulder.
"Say it," Sherlock whispers, his lips against the nape of John's neck.
"Oh, yeth," Sherlock said solemnly. "Therth tho much out there to learn, John! The magazine Chathworth was reading is
In the kitchen, John kept up a running commentary of what he was doing, just for the sake of maintaining their verbal interaction, even though they could sense each other clearly from that distance. John unpacked the mincer and rinsed the parts in soapy water. He pulled the wax paper wrapped packages of chicken hearts and livers the butcher at Tesco's had given him for free.
"Sorry, I—" It's several more seconds before Sherlock speaks again. "I'm tired, Mycroft. I need to lie down."
"Hm," Sherlock grunts and pushes ahead into the foyer.
will know!" he says indignantly. "
‘bout them kinda things,” Bradley says in his faux
"I would expect you to be happier about the press conference," he says. "After all, it means I'll be out of your hair."
much stouter when Sherlock left him behind. He's lost weight
"Uh—" John said.
Sherlock declared, turning around and pinning John with a mutinous glare.
"I—I missed you, too," John says nervously. "Um, why don't you lie down on your right side here. See if you can get back to sleep?"
As soon as Sherlock wakes up, I'll make sure and read the brief.
"However, I am not one atom less the man I was when I left you behind. In fact, I didn't think it possible to love and want you
At which point John realized he hadn't thought this out very well, as the soap was too high for him to reach, being tucked on the shelf above since John usually took a shower. He cursed under his breath. He was going to have to stand up and he knew the moment he did, Sherlock would pepper him with questions.
sweetheart. Give me a week or—"
Sherlock gives John his dirty sex smile, grabs the bottle of lube out of the sink, and depresses the pump once. He tosses the bottle back in the sink, rubs his hands together like a randy Scrooge, greedy for John's cock instead of money. John's eyelids grow heavy as he watches those long, knobby fingers wrap with perfect form around his blood-hot, blood-hard dick and give—one—long—tight—stroke. John grunts with pleasure, and lets his head fall forward. Sherlock bends his head to meet it, and with sloppy rubbing against each other's faces manage to connect their lips in a kiss, reminding John of an infant rooting blindly over its mother's breast in search of the nipple.
Clearly John is
"I have to go to work," John murmurs, brushing his lips against Sherlock's temple.
Sherlock unbutton his cuffs, and roll them up, he bites his lips [lower first, then upper], and stares at Sherlock's groin approximately 47% more often than when Sherlock's cuffs are buttoned.) He's tired of calculating John's unrequited desire. He wants to calculate that desire put into action—and he certainly wants to put his own desire into action.
"Not yet," he says absently, his trousers momentarily forgotten as his eyes roam over John's body before lifting them back to John's face. Sherlock takes off his own clothes with quick efficiency. He leaves his pants on, and climbs onto the bed next to John.
"Do you think you need another shot of Xylocaine?" John asks, peering at him out from under the magnifying glass on the headlamp.
"This plan of Mycroft's is unnecessarily dramatic. Of course, what else could I have expected from the world's stuffiest
attracted—"
"First rule. You don't hide any pain or injuries from me. That means, you answer all my questions honestly. I'm going to examine you from top to bottom and I'll take notes, but I need you to be totally transparent with me."
"Sherlock, I'm just going down the block. I'll be back in less than thirty minutes."
"You can't fix me," Sherlock mutters.
He jumps out of bed calling Sherlock's name. John's heart feels like a rock being slammed against the cage of bones protecting it as though it thinks itself a prisoner. It feels like it might pulverize his bones in the end, and a flash of memory blinds him—him, curled on his side on the freshly overturned soil of Sherlock's grave. It hits him, like running into a wall, that all those times he had lain on the ground for hours, thinking it was Sherlock's body beneath him, there was only dirt that went down, down, down to the rocky surface of the earth, instead of cradling the body of the man who had dashed his head on the pavement outside St. Bart's, and took everything that mattered to John—everything that would ever matter to John—with him.
here will restrain you. So, you see, it's in your best interest to accept the money. Because if I have to force the issue, you'll lose the egg and the money."
, exactly, he finds Sherlock’s voice. Despite his irritation, Sherlock indulges in rubbing the heel of his hand against Blaine’s erection and smiles viciously when Blaine parts his lips and sucks in a shuddering breath.
"I know, I know," Gerald agrees. "It was just so, I mean that whole conversation was an hour ago!"
. John finds himself teary when she pulls away, and Rebecca is as well.
"Of course I am, you cockhead. You think I'm going to send him off for someone else to treat?"
Yesterday—no Tuesday night—the old fear of being perceived as less than masculine cropped back up because there
. Sherlock had looked askance at him, and experienced one of the first moments of desire that left him breathless.
John and Mycroft settled down with their tea, suddenly awkward with each other now that they'd called a truce. They sipped their tea in silence, avoiding each other's eyes. John's urge to touch Sherlock's egg was thwarted by the fact that Sherlock's egg wouldn't stay still.
Tag for description of PTSD flashback
John scowled. "That bastard didn't tell me about a retirement plan!"
John was already looking at him and he couldn't help the way his eyes roamed over Sherlock's transformed body. Sherlock dashed into the bathroom and John heard him crow, "Oh, John, I'm quite handsome! Don't you think?"
into the dictionary and gets—
"Yes," John says, his voice rough with arousal. He moves in for the kiss.
Sherlock had no problems getting his kit off and— much to John's dismay— neither did Chatsworth.
Sherlock obeys, and John cradles the injured thumb gently between his fingertips. Despite his annoyance, he cleans the wound gently, or as gently as he can, but Sherlock groans and starts shifting around in his chair. John snaps, "
This weekend I finally decided it was too important to me to give my very best and that meant merging 4 chapters into 2. Much to my dismay, deleting a chapter means deleting everything that goes with it, including reader comments. If your comment was deleted because of it, I just want to say how sorry I am to have done so. I tried to preserve all 4 chapters but it left two few scenes in each chapter, and no logical stopping points.
"Yes, yes, get in the tub and then I'll get in with you."
Sherlock closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. It occurs to him that this isn't just important to John. This is important to Sherlock himself. Maybe he won't like any of John's friends. Maybe they won't like him—probably won't like him. But he owes it to himself to
John-ness
"Thanks," John said, already turning away. "I'm going for a cup of tea."
the only party who wants to cuddle, I'll just stay over here out of your way. We wouldn't want to have any nonconsensual cuddling."
Sherlock was trying desperately to get John to stay home. "What if Mycroft steals me away while you're gone?"
"It's my fault, I – "
John sees the hope blossom in Sherlock's eyes before he squashes it down with another furrow of his brow. "Well, of course, you're
bisexual. Full stop," John says and then clears his throat. "As far as why I'm here, well. That's a very easy question to answer. I'm here because you're gorgeous and I want you."
It was
John helps Sherlock stand. "I'll go get your pain pills. You're soaked in sweat. Do you want to change your clothes?"
If we compare the process of writing this story to the process by Authors Who Actually Get Paid to Write, then Jenn would be my agent. At least, that's the way it works going by all the acknowledgements pages I've read. She not only beta read each chapter (a laborious process in and of itself), but was my brainstorming partner, and excellent at Teddy-wrangling, specifically smoothing down the ruffled feathers of my writerly ego, which has a tendency to get prickly at perceived insults. She also did research and wrote up "extras" for me (like spreadsheets", things that got cut in the final draft, poor Jenn). She was patient when I couldn't get it right, and never said no to any of the help I asked for. She's my "cerebral" wife. From the bottom of my heart, Jenn, thank you for your brilliance and love; thank you for taking time out of your insanely busy life to help me bring this story to its close. In an email from the early stages of this story, Jenn said:
but he plays it safe and says tersely, “I’m looking forward to destroying Moriarty’s people.”
at his most basic self. Like an infant, he had been dependent upon his tormentors for everything, including whether he lived or died. Dr. Reed's autonomy, as a human, and as a man, was completely stripped away. He'd gone to war thinking himself an average bloke, maybe a bit braver than average, a man who believed in fighting for Queen and Country, but during his captivity, he had routinely been cowardly, weak, even cruel—if he could direct the focus of his tormentors towards another prisoner, he did it. Every single time.
Paddling: leather, wood, acrylic
that eclipses everyone else.
And he remembers, too, months ago—no, a
These are the things that break Sherlock down. The beatings are a gift in comparison. This is how psychological torture works – you become grateful for the things that most people would contemplate with horror. At least when they're beating him, the pain gives him the opportunity to disconnect from his body. It's during these beatings that he has enough presence of mind to create a cupola at the top of his mind palace where he sits with John, who begins to take on the mythos of a god to Sherlock. The source of all good things is John. He is a deity. He is Sherlock's higher power.
"You want to kiss me, don't you?" It sounds like a question, but it's not.
being helpless! I hated watching
"None of us would want to stand in the way of that—not even Gerald. We're all sentimental fools who never quite grew up, and we all believe in true love. It'll take a while, but you and Gerald will be friends again, because there's too much love and affection there. Plus, it won't be fun getting together with everyone if you and Gerald glare at each other the whole time."
“Any other broken bones or sprains?”
"In fact, I'd prefer it if you would stick to being my doctor and not my nursemaid," Sherlock says, looking down his nose at John.
, so he lowers his head to do so.
"Where have you been?" Sherlock demands, sounding like an angry wife. "You have not responded to
John is now stretched out on the bed. He tests the cuffs to find very little give. He can't push himself up using his arms, and on the other side, his feet are barely touching the floor, which means he can't push himself up by his feet. He's being offered up with no easy way to get loose. He struggles for a bit just to test his restraints and then relaxes into the bed. There's nothing painful about the position he's in, though his body will eventually start complaining if he's not allowed to move. John learned the fine art of hurrying up to wait in the army so he closes his eyes, relaxes his shoulders and his hips, takes a deep breath, lets it out. And waits.
Still, it's a nice change, having a patient who minds him and who doesn't question John's expertise. John's confident that Gerald will follow his directions for recovery as well, and probably to the letter, unlike half his patients at the surgery.
John pulls his shirt off just enough to show the starburst pattern of his scar. Gerald's hand reaches out tentatively but then he pulls back and puts his hand in his lap and takes a huge swallow of his wine, his cheeks pinking delightfully again.
Sherlock pulls his pajama bottoms up as quickly as he can with a sprained wrist and broken elbow then uses the other door to shuffle into the kitchen. He grabs the brief and finds a roll of gauze as well. His heart is pounding, but he feels a surge of victory when he makes it into the loo before John sees. He uses the toilet, folds up another wad of gauze and puts it between his cheeks, then pulls his bottoms up and washes his hands. He hides the folder under the sink behind the plunger and a box of baking soda. The gauze he puts on the top shelf of the linen closet. He would kill for a proper shower.
"Sherlock-fucking-Holmes," John grits out. "Do not tell me that you gave me the big fucking speech about us not taking things slow, and now you're hesitating."
It all comes back in a roar.
"Bah!" Sherlock spit.
"It's not
The first thing Gerald says is, "That's not a weird kink," with a confused frown on his face.
John's surprised to find his face wet when they finally pull apart. He scrubs the tears away with both hands, laughing wetly. Gerald is sniffing and wiping his own face.
John's alarm on his phone inconveniently goes off right before John can answer. He silences it, and then crosses the distance to Sherlock, fists his hands in the front of Sherlock's dressing gown, and says, "I
"So, even though you were
"Did you offer to wear your regular shoes, maybe, until you got into the taxi?"
With that, he hopped up onto John's chair and settled in with his bone. Chatsworth had been right—that bone seemed to give Sherlock relief from both the pain and drooling.
"No, Sherlock, no." John tries to get Sherlock to look at him, but Sherlock just leans heavier against him and John gives up. "I'm the one who's sorry—and I am. I don't have an excuse for how I behaved. I want—if
Sherlock shrugged.
"Dammit, Sherlock,
you can get—your torturers come up with something to prove you wrong. Think of your essential self as a hard drive where your experiences are stored. Sometimes you go in and delete a few files, maybe run some diagnostics, but it stays roughly the same. Torture
"When I arrived at the embassy infirmary, I had an anal abscess as a result of an anal fissure received during my imprisonment. It was drained and stitched with dissolvable sutures. I saw no point in embarrassing both of us by having you check between my arse cheeks to see that it was healing properly when I myself am perfectly capable of caring for it. That is all."
John turned to Mycroft. "Can I help him?"
"So you did lie," John says with a snort of frustration. He shakes his head and glares at Sherlock. "Tell me right now or so help me God, Sherlock I will call your brother and ask
"Takes two," he says wearily.
"Ye-es," Sherlock says slowly.
, he tells him.
"Warning!" John gasped. "I need a warning before one of you does your bizarre dragon magic, yeah?"
"Stay with me," Gerald says and John realizes he's stilled.
"Well, then, there you go. That's where we start from. All right?"
Sherlock laughs deep enough that he groans in pain because of his ribs. All the shouting isn't helping any, either.
After a twelve hour shift in the A&E of The Royal London Hospital, John needed to shower, eat, and sleep, in that order. Before moving onto those tasks, though, he took the egg's temperature (101.7°) and found himself reluctant to leave it, as though it would hatch if it wasn't being watched.
John foolishly ran after him, calling to him to
"Do you want an omelet?" John asks, and Sherlock ignores him. Sighing with frustration, John makes his own omelet, only one cup of tea, and eats in silence. Then, he showers, grabs his bag, phone, and keys, and leaves without saying goodbye.
"Yes," John says and smiles wistfully.
"Danilo raped me again two weeks after Zivko and that's when he—he caused the anal fissure. A week later I found out Zivko had committed suicide. Four days after that, Mycroft was able to pull me out of Serbia. Zivko was only sixteen, John."
‘Til the day I watched you die
"Oh, for God's sake," Holmes said, both hands on the umbrella handle. He closed his eyes and tilted his head forward for a moment before straightening up. "The egg was delivered to you by mistake, but it belongs to me and I—would you
"I mean I get most of them, but why dried peas?"
and John had said
"How do you know what works?"
"At your sin palace—"
"I never said you didn't, Gerald."
"Monstrous, he is. Yeah. Cooking supper for your wife every night is really just an unthinkable offense."
Gerald, John discovers, is a professional Dom. John doesn't believe him at first. It takes Gerald a half hour to convince him he's not lying.
"No, I, uh, I need to use the loo," Sherlock says. John opens his mouth, but Sherlock cuts him off. "I can manage on my own."
John won't be going back to sleep. Once he wakes up, he's up for the day, so he quietly pulls clean clothes out of his dresser and wardrobe and then sneaks out of the bedroom. He has things to do this morning, so an early start gives him time to relax before his busy day begins. John showers, keeping as quiet as possible so as not to wake Sherlock. Then he goes into the kitchen and makes himself a cup of tea.
Your job as midwife was greatly needed and deeply appreciated, Jenn, as was your continuing role of Superfriend.
Gerald pays the fare when the cab drops them off at an older building right on the edge of Soho. Gerald must be wealthy to live in such a prime location. John stands there for a minute just staring at the buttery yellow front door with its brass knocker. He idly wonders how Gerald manages to keep the door so clean.
"It's fine—you won't hurt me," John says, referring to his scar, where the skin is mostly numb, and Sherlock says through gritted teeth, as though John has driven him
So, he goes into the kitchen and searches under the table and chairs, the worktops, and the small attached breakfast table where they keep the microwave. John digs through every place he thinks it could be, and then in all the places it couldn't possibly be. When he opens the cabinet under the bathroom sink and sees the edge of the fat tan folder behind the loo cleaner, his head drops forward into his hands. John knows exactly what it means when Sherlock hides things from him. There's something in this folder he doesn't want John to know, something he thinks will make him appear weak. With dread, John extracts the file and takes it into the kitchen to read.
"Tea?" Sherlock asks instead.
"Well, yes, that's all true, but it's Mycroft who sent Chatsworth over here to help us. I know you won't like having him around at first, but you'll get used to him. Chatsworth can answer all my dragon-related questions and he said he would help in any way, which means he can do all those chores that make me grumpy and tired and
business out of the way."
"Gorgeous," John whispers and Gerald makes a sound in the back of his throat best described as a whimper. John grins against Gerald's neck, pleased and randy as fuck
"Well," Chatsworth said slowly, "it's what they call the rules of Succession. It's both law and a matter of tradition. In other words, it's always been done that way, so…" Chatsworth shrugged.
"Figure out his kink," she says, almost to herself before she looks at John, and waggles her eyebrows suggestively, before saying, "Fulfill his nastiest, filthiest fantasy in exchange for his attendance to the party."
"Yes," John says and automatically lifts his head to look at Gerald the way he would in any other conversation, but Gerald's fingers move from trailing gently through John's hair to gripping the back of his neck and keeping his head down.
"Here," he tells Zivko in Serbo-Croatian. "We'll give this British man a bath and put some lipstick on him. Maybe we can find him a dress to wear and some knickers, too. We'll stuff his cock and balls up inside his knickers and all you have to do is fuck the hole."
" John cried. To himself, he thought,
"Give me fifteen minutes, Sherlock, please," John says, wiggling his way out of Sherlock's grip. "I'll be able to focus better if you let me take a shower first. I've had a shit day."
"Of course I will," John says, and kisses her cheek.
"What was the fight about? Or is it too personal." Gerald slips one hand into a pocket of his shorts and swallows a drink of his beer.
"What else?" John murmurs against Sherlock's throat.
, for God's sake!
"From the embassy infirmary. I've been in the British embassy, in the infirmary, for the last five days."
It's obvious to Sherlock that they will have to find a way to move past this without actually talking about it. Talking about it would mean John admitting he feels threatened by Sherlock's kink and Sherlock would have to admit that it makes him angry John is still so hung up on being with a
for himself and
Mycroft shrugged. "He's too hungry to care."
How to make John realize that sex is vital to their relationship? It's not about
The minute John opened the bedroom door, Sherlock made complaints about something uncomfortable down low in his belly.
"Now look who's the idiot!" John says gleefully. "What do you think it's for? You dip it into the lubricant, pull the injector out to suck up the lube, and then stick it up someone's arse, and dispsense the lube. It feels weird, but it makes it
The nurse pokes her head out of the curtain and yells for an EKG and, just like that, the A&E explodes into action. Mrs. Gonzales finally gets John's full attention as he gets to work making sure she doesn't die from a heart attack.
. I thought—" Sherlock stops, and tilts his head back, shocked to find himself near tears. He takes a deep breath, and lowers his head again. "I thought we agreed that you wouldn't make decisions based on what
, obviously, anything John asks of him, he'll do it because he doesn't want to be anywhere but right here.
"You are my heart and Moriarty knew it, even before I did. Everything I did was only because I wanted to protect you."
"For argument's sake, though—" John says, and Sherlock groans using the entirety of his upper body to highlight his irritation. John's cheeks flush. He hates it when Sherlock responds to him as though he's just so
in our flat. This body—
"The thing is," John says and stops again. "I know we're men, and British men in particular don't like talking about their feelings, but you and I—we've lived on the edge of death together, Sherlock. After all that we've been through, do you really not trust me?"
"Fucking Shakespearean tragedy, that," John jokes. "Well, minus the dying part."
"Then what is?" John asks, glaring at Sherlock with pursed lips.
The water comes out mostly clear so two washes is all he needs. He turns the shower on, washes the bulb and tip with hot soapy water and puts it all away to dry on a towel in the lavatory cabinet. Then he washes his hands again and brushes his teeth while the shower is heating up.
"John, if you take anything away from this conversation, let it be this—you cannot stop him from making his own decisions and that
, by the way. I'm not going to stop seeing you
"Are you going to be too afraid to sleep with me again or, even worse, too embarrassed to keep seeing me?"
, will you just do it already?" and Sherlock says, "No," the word drawn out slow and sultry, and John presses back and then forward, and Sherlock purrs, "Oh, god, look at you, you gorgeous, filthy, little—if I just stood here holding my cock out, would you fuck yourself on it?" and John says, "Don't call me little," and Sherlock chuckles darkly, and asks, slowly, the timbre of his voice almost threatening, "Would you fuck yourself on my cock if I just stood here?" and John moans, "Yes," and Sherlock pulls his finger out, and then pushes his index and middle finger inside.
When you’re the smartest person in the room, but rarely praised for it; when you know all the answers but nobody wants to hear them; when nobody can understand you because the way you think seems to them like magic, rather than logic, you spend your life in isolation. There is always a darkness creeping up behind you, flanking you, threatening to overpower you. What’s the point of being a genius when you have no audience?
There's something there, though, something right under the surface that he can't get to. It's only when he's standing at the nurse's station and watches Premal, a male nurse who's about three inches shorter than John walk in and say hi, that John gets it.
"Let's get the stuff to help with teething," John said. "Then we can watch a little bit of television."
. I just do what my Dom says. All the worry and responsibility is on someone else's shoulders."
"Sherlock is the bloke inside the egg."
John's nostrils flare. "Yeah, all right. Sheets and pillows are in the linen closet there. Good night."
even if it never registered in her conscious mind.
"What's dating?"
or even
Sherlock says the last few words so quietly they're almost a whisper. He comes out of his panegyric to find himself sitting against the headboard of his old bed, holding a pillow against his stomach as though it's a trauma dressing and he'll bleed out if he lets it go. It's an apt analogy now that he's thinking about it.
: Yes.
It's four in the morning before John stops talking. He's utterly exhausted. Gerald's head is lying on John's chest and John is absentmindedly threading his fingers through Gerald's hair, his fingertips catching on tangles every now and again. The perfume of Gerald's hair is spicy and fruity; John wraps two fingers around a thick lock and brings it up to his nose to pull the scent in deeper.
Sherlock doesn't have to say
John gets off the phone feeling a lot less overwhelmed until, with a pulse of guilt, he realizes that he'll have to call Gerald, explain the cover story to him, and ask him to lie to their friends.
"Yes."
He looks around to make sure nobody can see him, and then bends forward and presses his lips against Sherlock's name etched on the marble.
"What have you done?" John cries.
that you assumed you were an exception to his
man, not
of love, whether from friends, family, or best friends. You said you've known he was attracted to you for three years, implying that he's been pining for you, but you also used the same language as a wronged partner—you said he was dating
"What's that, John?" he asked, as curious as John knew he would be.
Mycroft nods. Sherlock can tell Mycroft is watching his face.
They work in the kitchen together, John making the salad and Gerald whipping up the Alfredo sauce with an ease that makes it clear he's used to cooking. He doesn't even measure anything, just adds and looks and tastes and then finally decides it's done. He cracks some pepper over it and mixes the pasta in and serves it up in two dishes straight from the pot.
Sherlock rarely curses. He thinks it indicates a lack of imagination. So, when Sherlock uses a curse word it makes a big impact. Sherlock is happy to see that John's eyes are open wide in astonishment. He looks on the verge of saying something so Sherlock decides to just get it over with.
"Do you remember Moriarty's promise at the pool? He said he would
For one shivering moment, Sherlock holds onto reality by trying to tip his consciousness over and into the warmth of John's eyes, whose eyebrows have just drawn together in confusion before he and everything around him blinks out of existence to be replaced with cold concrete, a sinister voice, and terror made all the more razor sharp by the joy and love that went before it.
to me in the first place!"
"You just told me the horrific story of, of being
"Sorry, John," Chatsworth said, sounding sheepish.
John smiled softly. Sherlock was really kind of adorable, if frighteningly capable of causing havoc in a very short period of time. John couldn't begin to imagine how he would manage Sherlock and his job, though he was almost positive Mycroft would help. After all, the last thing either of them wanted was an unsupervised Sherlock. There was no telling what kind of trouble he could get into.
"It's very unmanly," John mutters and then finds himself tucking his face into Gerald's neck.
you get your stitches out, though, okay? Just so you know, I'm not interested in punishing you."
"I'm tempted to take a snap with my phone," John says, absently running the tip of his tongue over his bottom lip.
meant and
"Yeah! Sort of like mine, but I ain't lost no weight, you know. Would be nice to. Unless it were lung cancer or—"
"Twenty minutes usually.”
Sherlock turns undressing Blaine into the sartorial equivalent of foreplay - he strokes a fingertip over every button before slipping it through the placket. Every few buttons, he skims his lips over Blaine’s but pulls away before tongues can get involved. The fate of hundreds of women (and John) lies in Sherlock’s ability to seduce Blaine so well that he keeps Sherlock around long enough for Sherlock to gather the intel he needs. Blaine can pay for sex if he has no other options. Sherlock needs Blaine to need him. Blaine should be so besotted that he lowers his guard.
John is really ninety-seven percent certain that he's going to die of love right now as he watches Sherlock soothe the baby with such natural competence.
"They're having a party to celebrate the baby, and they've invited us." John hesitates, not wanting to trip Sherlock's defensiveness by suggesting he has to be bribed to attend a social function with John, but also not wanting to be outright rejected for asking Sherlock to go. "Saturday night. Do you want to go?"
"Oh, nobody's worried!" Mrs. Hudson said, putting a hand on John's shoulder. "I'll just pop up here when John's at work and keep our Sherlock company, won't I you darling little thing."
Introducing Sherlock to Chatsworth wasn't nearly as disastrous as John had anticipated. Sherlock stared blankly at Chatsworth and nodded his head in a way not unlike a king acknowledging a lesser person.
While trying to gather information on the top man in the trafficking ring, Sherlock is found out. He's pegged as an assassin sent to take down this man, Zoran Brankovich. Sherlock runs. The army follows and the Serbian army isn't a slapdash affair like they were in the nineties. They have infrared devices, highly trained strike teams, including canine search teams with dogs that can follow a trail for days at a time.
"Bribe him with sex."
Sherlock closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. It occurs to him that this isn't just important to John. This is important to Sherlock himself. Maybe he won't like any of John's friends. Maybe they won't like him—probably won't like him. But he owes it to himself to
"Well, that's what you get for messing around with psychopathic criminal overlords, now isn't it? I hope you've learned your lesson!"
addressed the symptoms—anxiety, insomnia, tremors, flashbacks, panic attacks, weight gain or loss, lack of libido, suicidal thoughts, self-harm, addiction. None of them dealt with what had
"You shouldn't have spit it at all, you little monster. You were supposed to
“Gratefully, no,” Sherlock says. The reply has the added bonus of being true.
John palms his face. "Oh, God, I hope he doesn't want me to wear women's underwear."
noise Sherlock makes isn't exactly designed to encourage conversation. He shifts his shoulders, trying to get his body to relax.
"Being a sub. Or Dom. Because I Dom in my professional life, I like to sub, but I'm a switch."
"Ah, yes. If you can point me to the teething supplies?" he asked Chatsworth.
John sighed, irritated at himself for being so insensitive and irritated at Sherlock for being so insecure. He needed to reassure Sherlock, and not just because he could feel Sherlock's sorrow through the link. Sherlock's whole life was centered on John for the week he'd been out of his egg and now John was leaving him behind.
Mrs. Hudson helps John pack Sherlock's stuff up. They move it into 221c after Mycroft pays for someone to come in and fix the problem with the damp. (Faulty weather proofing around the window – they also put in double glazing.) John keeps things like the skull, and the hunting knife, the framed bat, the print of a skull-that's-also-two-ladies-sitting-down-to-tea if you look at it from a different angle. And, of course, he keeps Sherlock's violin, settled into its case and locked up and upright next to the music stand. The flat looks the same. The only thing missing is Sherlock.
"You know it doesn't mean you're an ignorant, backwards arsehole to feel that way, right?"
John starts laughing and then Gerald gives him truly stunning head that ends in a mind-blanking orgasm, and John falls asleep in Gerald's arms, surrounded by Sherlock's things and feels at true peace for the first time since he saw Sherlock fall from the roof of St. Bart's.
or, even worse, couldn't
"Well, I'll just give it a try," John said, also dubious. "C'mon, then, Sherlock—into the kitchen."
dragon. I don't know if you will ever be able to accept that. Go back to London. Leave me here with my own kind."
) and the relationship feels too fragile to expose to the public eye. He's pulled out of his bitter thoughts by John's hand slipping into his.
"Good. I wanted to be able to speak to you privately. Firstly, I never intended to put the onus of caring for my brother on your shoulders, so I would like to verify that you are indeed willing to act as his doctor until his wounds are healed?"
"Nothing," John said.
been human. It's my human
"Okay, well, just see that you mind me," John says and grins back.
said Dr. Reed after Sherlock said something to that effect that morning.
Sherlock held up one clawed toe. "What if—"
"Gerald, please," John says, unable to hide the sorrowful hitch in his voice.
never good enough. There's always something I'm doing wrong. While I was still in my dragon skin, I was totally dependent on you, but I'm
Sherlock stood up, tears welling up in his eyes, his hands raising into a defensive position. “John, it’s me, Sherlock. I’m your flatmate, your partner, remember?” Sherlock asked, nearly pleading. He hated the delirium, hated that it made John momentarily forget who he was. John’s hands clenched angrily in the blankets, and Sherlock bit his lip hard enough to draw blood.
They stayed there for hours upon end, sharing whispers and laughs with each other, moving only once to relocate themselves to the couch, collapsing on each other again. They threaded their fingers together, pressed soft kisses to every inch of skin that was uncovered, caressed each other’s faces, held each other close, threaded fingers through soft, silky hair, and learned. They took their time exploring each other, loving each other, until they knew the other person better than themselves, better than they ever thought they could know another person. And if Mrs. Hudson peeked into the room to check up on them, concerned by the lengthy silence, and smiled at them, sitting on the couch, holding each other close in a warm embrace, what did it matter? She would leave and never mention it to anybody but would hold the moment in a safe part of her heart, remembering it as the day that John and Sherlock realized they needed each other. It was a perfect moment, the most perfect moment, and all three of them would remember it for the rest of their lives.
At the first stroke of John’s hands through his hair, Sherlock feels like he could sob. All of the lonely feelings that had been building up for months, living by himself, rarely seeing John, not having many other friends to talk to, he had gotten used to being lonely.
This wasn’t the kind of adrenaline he needed, the kind he craved, the kind that Sherlock gave to him. This was pure terror injected into his veins that made him go and go and go and go and never stop, making his heart race and pound, the sound of rushing blood the only thing he could hear.
“I’ve already told you, I don’t have what you want, and killing me won’t do you any good,” Sherlock said, and as John crept up to the doorway, could see Sherlock lean forward in the chair just the slightest bit. “So how about you listen to me and put that thing down before someone shows up to fetch me.”
Hours later, John sat up in bed for the fourth time that night, rubbing his calloused hands over his face roughly. Blinking away the tiredness in his eyes, John stared at the clock on his bedside table. 3:46 A.M. Letting out a long groan, he pushed his legs over the edge of the bed and eased himself into a standing position, sliding his feet into his slippers. He shuffled into the kitchen as quietly as he could, putting the kettle on to make himself some tea. All was silent in the flat, and John relished in the absence of the usual noise that surrounded his life.
“Fuck you,” the man said, nearly struggling to breath from John’s weight pressing down on his back. “Fuck both of you, and fuck everything you stand for.” John could practically hear the sneer in his voice and pressed his face even harder against the ground. “I didn’t do anything wrong. I was simply getting revenge.” He was getting harder to understand. “You know what? I’m so glad I shot-” he was cut off by Sherlock slamming his foot down on the ground, centimeters away from the man’s nose.
The next second, gunshots rang out.
All Greg Lestrade could do in that moment was stare as Sherlock wept silently, and hope that John would pull through like he said he would.
The latter won over, in the end.
“I would sooner put a bullet in my own brain than watch you die, John Watson, and don’t you forget it,” Sherlock growled, his cheeks covered in tears. “Don’t tell me we’ll go out together. I’ll save your life, or I will die trying, understand? I can’t-” his face slackened again, and he gripped John’s shirt tighter. “I can’t live without you John, I refuse to,” he whispered, burying his face back into John’s strong, warm chest. A lump rose in John’s throat at the sudden outburst, threatening to fill his eyes with unwanted tears. He couldn’t think of anything to say to Sherlock’s confession, so he just slid his fingers softly into the sweaty, tangled hair on the trembling man's head, massaging his scalp in what he hoped was a comforting manner. Sherlock’s tremors seemed to calm down a little after that, so John kept it up, occasionally going low enough to knead his neck and bare shoulders.
When Sherlock had come back from the shops (the
What made it even worse was that John was going to go back to Mary eventually. He had to. She was his pregnant wife, he couldn’t just leave her alone like that.
“Like hell you can’t let me run after him!” John shouted, trying to free his arms from Lestrade’s surprisingly strong grip. Snarling, John pushed Greg to the ground and bolted after Sherlock, ignoring the shouting and swearing behind him.
“Did… did you mean it, Sherlock?” John asked after a few minutes, clutching at the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt, trying to blink the unwanted tears out of his eyes. He had imagined this moment for years, in every way imaginable: Sherlock murmuring those words to him as they lean against each other in a back alley, high on adrenaline after a case; a whispered confession as the two men sit at a stakeout together; even the less-than-desirable one where Sherlock choked his true feelings out as he succumbed slowly to the bullet lodged in his chest. He never quite imagined it like this, both of them kneeling, slumped together on the floor of their sitting room, the uncertainty in the air settling over them both like a heavy, scratchy blanket. Sherlock’s arms shifted, gently wrapping themselves around John, and suddenly John couldn’t stop crying for a reason unknown to him.
“John,” Sherlock said, a bit of urgency in his voice as he tapped the side of John’s face with his hand, trying to get him to wake up. “John, please, wake up.” He doesn’t, and when all the color seems to drain from John’s face in a second, Sherlock can feel his blood do the exact same thing.
“Sherlock,” John murmured, rubbing a thumb across the bony shoulder under his hand, “what is it? You can tell me, you know. I won’t judge.” Sherlock sat up in bed, worrying his lip between his teeth and fidgeting his hands in his lap. Glancing up at John, he opened his mouth to say something before snapping it shut again. John could tell the gears in his mind were working hard, so he stayed silent so he could think without interruption. Sherlock’s face tensed, and he opened his mouth once more.
“He’s going into another attack! All hands on deck, prepare the sedative just in case we need it!” It was an unfamiliar voice, and John started twisting in their grasps even harder, panicking.
Before he could get far, Mrs. Hudson swept him up into a hug of her own, wrapping her arms tightly around his back. He stiffened and seemed to flinch for a second but soon relaxed into the embrace. She whispered something too quiet to be heard by John before releasing him, and Sherlock just nodded, a small smile on his face. She squeezed his forearm before going back into her flat, closing the door behind her. John, tugging gently on Sherlock’s sleeve to get his attention, jerked his chin towards the door to their flat. Sherlock smiled and followed John up the stairs, hugging the food to his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
, he thought, his aching fingers still dripping blood.
“Hmm?” John replied sleepily, cracking his eyes open slightly. Sherlock seemed to take a deep breath, his chest expanding slowly against John’s back.
The door opened a crack. John’s eyes went straight to Sherlock’s tear-streaked face, then to the gun in his hand.
“I-” Sherlock gasped, digging his fingernails even deeper into John’s good shoulder. “I miscalculated. I didn’t think he was going to try to put up a fight, and I especially didn’t expect him to-
“John,” Sherlock said, tears starting to gather in his eyes from the pain, his soft touch knocking John out of his head. “You need to go on without me. Leave me here, and you’ll be safe.” John’s hands started shaking as they heard the shouting once more behind them. Going against all of the alarms blaring in his head telling him to run away or get ready to fight, John turned to where Sherlock’s foot was stuck and, quickly and efficiently, wrenched his foot out of where it had gotten stuck, earning a yelp and a sob from Sherlock.
I'm fine, you don't need to rush things. He needs you right now. So give me this huge list you've written down.
Sherlock, feeling lighter, but still deeply touched, ducks his head and swallows back the emotion that threatens to overwhelm him. It was illogical to assume John felt otherwise, and yet Sherlock had, spending the last month feeling like a cold, distant moon orbiting a bright star, never getting closer, just spinning uselessly around.
John and Sherlock drive up on the Wednesday before the weekend reception and spend two days wallowing in carnal indulgence interrupted by the occasional foray into the village for something to eat. On the Friday, Rebecca and Jasper arrive before noon, followed by Bernie and Olivia an hour later. Early evening sees the six of them, as requested, on the terrace of Cyril's parents’ house waiting for the two grooms. Everyone cheers when they walk out. Gerald's eyes land on John and his smile softens. The two of them are inextricably linked, and find in each other an inexplicable comfort that they don't get from their respective partners. It took many long months for Sherlock and Cyril to get over their jealousy, and accept this closeness between their partners. As John had explained it,
John laughs, "You weren't a prickly, mad bastard who has the communication skills of a twelve year old boy."
John freezes. There's only two reasons why Sherlock looks someone directly in the eye and maintains eye contact. The first reason—when he wants to intimidate someone.
He has to go home, though. It's already dark out, plus he feels grotty and in need of a shower, and hasn't eaten all day except a banana in the doctor's lounge someone else had left behind with a cheeky little note that said
John won't be going back to sleep. Once he wakes up, he's up for the day, so he quietly pulls clean clothes out of his dresser and wardrobe and then sneaks out of the bedroom. He has things to do this morning, so an early start gives him time to relax before his busy day begins. John showers, keeping as quiet as possible so as not to wake Sherlock. Then he goes into the kitchen and makes himself a cup of tea.
happen. As a woman, she'd explained, there was an evolutionary alarm in the back of her brain reminding her
"What's that, sir?" the driver asked over his shoulder.
to believe that there's still a chance for us to love each other the way we want to, the way we were
Thirty minutes later, Sherlock has three stitches, a prescription for a stool softener, and a list of instructions (to add to his growing list of instructions) on what he can and cannot eat so that his bowel movements won't irritate the wound.
To John's astonishment and delight, Mycroft blushed a furious crimson. "Gregory," he said under his breath. Then he stood up and stammered, "I'll just—go. Get breakfast packed up, I mean," and he hurried from the room.
mention the shoes—and he will be very subtle about the way he introduces the topic of John's virility to soothe his troubled ego.
As they walked away, John could hear Chatsworth saying,
John knows this is a rhetorical question, but he gamely shakes his head.
"No, it's I who is greedy," Sherlock says, leaning over John to look up at Bernie. "I'm afraid I can't part with John, not even for Milton."
"Well, it was damned cruel and they've deprived themselves of a charming and intelligent companion. I almost can't imagine my life without you anymore even though it's only been twenty-four hours."
lounging about and giving Sherlock advice.
"John!" Sherlock cries, jumping out of his own chair. John winces with him, knowing it must have hurt his ribs. "Mycroft has good news!"
While he forces himself not to touch John, John has Sherlock's bottoms up in no time at all.
But what if John does this for Sherlock—puts on a pair of women's high heels—and Sherlock finds it to be ridiculous after all. What if it puts a crack in the foundation of their relationship? Who, then, will be to blame? Sherlock, for asking him to do it, or John for agreeing to go along?
His actions belie his words, though, as he presses his face against Sherlock's collarbone and wraps his hands around Sherlock's hips, avoiding the worst of Sherlock's back. Sherlock drops kisses onto John's head, the hair so much greyer than it was when he left. How many of those grey hairs grew out of John's sorrow?
"Oh, definitely. Did you ask him any specifics? What the two of you would be doing?"
There's the sound of someone clearing their throat very loudly, and Sherlock's head whips around, his hand still stroking John who can't stop his orgasm even if he tried. He bites back all the noise that wants to escape, forcing them into an almost silent grunt in his throat that he can't help.
"Do you know how much I love you?" Sherlock asks, softly and with a scratch in his throat, he doesn't wait for John to answer him. "'The truth is that I didn't work right until I met you, and maybe that's not what other people think about when they think of love, but I only work right when I'm with you, even when I want to throw you off a roof myself, and I couldn't possibly in a million years
His brain appeared to be rearranging itself inside his skull. There was a sensation of
"Yep," he says, pulling his eyes away. "A sonnet."
. Still.
"Ah. Well." There's another pause. "As a sufferer of post-traumatic stress disorder, I'm sure you realize my brother will likely experience many of the same symptoms you had."
"Chair?" John asks breathlessly. Sherlock lifts his chin towards the straight back wood chair that has been relocated from the living room desk to the bedroom. Sherlock's vivid imagination has no problem calling up an image of how it would have looked—John seated in the chair, his arse perched on the very edge, his feet propped up on the bed, finger fucking himself while watching Sherlock sleep, innocent of John's salacious plans.
"What is it with Holmeses and ominous pronouncements?" John hissed to himself. "It must be genetic."
Sherlock keeps downloading the information because there’s no point to stopping. His instructions are clear - any threat to the mission must be neutralized and there’s no grey areas for intelligence gathering. Sherlock fucked up and now Blaine must die.
"Has he said, unequivocally, that he doesn't want children?"
John's chest is heaving with barely restrained anger and his eyes are sparkling and turning brighter blue as the tears gather and then drop down his cheeks.
"I want you to try," John responds. He tilts his head in a way that Sherlock long ago learned strongly implied
"That I'm so sorry. That I never could have guessed that Sherlock was still alive." John stops, pulls his hand out of Rebecca's and rubs it against his forehead, agitated. "The thing is, Becca. I
"That I'm so sorry. That I never could have guessed that Sherlock was still alive." John stops, pulls his hand out of Rebecca's and rubs it against his forehead, agitated. "The thing is, Becca. I
"If giving him head only earns me a piece of toast and an egg, what on earth do you think would earn me an entire evening socializing with people, one of whom is my ex-boyfriend? On, and a baby!"
John grimaces. "You win."
"This is bit more than a hug," John says, his voice congested, but there's a tiny breathy puff of what might be construed as an affectionate laugh (if you squint).
hugs or
As well you should be. Good day, John.
trying to keep you safe and I'll probably die from the stress before my fiftieth birthday, and you'll live to be
“Baby, I told you. I’ve never loved anyone the way I love you.”
"What was the fight about? Or is it too personal." Gerald slips one hand into a pocket of his shorts and swallows a drink of his beer.
As the morning wore on, Sherlock went from talking in choppy sentences without pronouns to full sentences, using
"You're a perfect sub," Gerald says, wrapping himself around John like the bloody great cuddler he is.
Gerald tries to laugh too, but he can't open his mouth without pulling on his split lip, so he ends up making a sound like
"Thought so. And you can't hold yourself above me for long with that shoulder, either."
John looked to the television, but it was only
and Gerald chuckles smugly.
Sherlock doesn't have to say
"Paracetamol?" Mycroft asked as though he'd never heard of it.
," Sherlock says, his voice rough and pained. "It wasn't the
"Why didn't you want to tell me?" John asks gently. "You promised you wouldn't lie to me."
in nothing but your bloody great coat and some fucking women's shoes, right here where
"I'm sorry, John, I just—"
He drops almost instantly to sleep, his mind a ruin.
"Um," John says, surprised, of course, because he never would have guessed Sherlock would be into—
"He loved you," Gerald says.
John looks at her face, and sees a secret smile, and knows she's remembering what it feels like to fall in love. He glances at her wedding ring, the simplicity of it, so different from her personality, and very much different from her sister's wedding ring, and then looks forward again.
"No, John. It's how they think. They don't know their own worth." Gerald puts a gentle hand on John's shoulder. "You've made him feel like a freak."
"It's really not."
that nobody good could ever love you. You've been through an experience probably nobody else you know will ever understand. You've been violated physically and emotionally. Being a genius doesn't preclude you from the negative results of that.
"Do you have a kink?" he asks, leaning against the worktop.
"I have four deep lacerations on my back and a dozen smaller ones."
but when he opens his mouth all that comes out is a croak, and he gives up trying to speak in favor of encouraging his mouth to produce enough saliva to wet his parched throat.
"Yes, sir," Chatsworth said, still looking like he might laugh. "John, stay away from my tea. C'mon Sherlock. Let's get you dressed so these old codgers can relax."
there in the world?"
friend
John was surprised at how small Sherlock's head and legs were, considering how big the egg was. Sherlock's head, like his legs, were entirely black except for white markings along the ridges of his eyebrows and the sides of his long neck. His eyes were a striking blue-green and stood out against his black skin. Something like whiskers, but thicker and shorter, lay along his cheeks. His snout was longer than any lizard's. Beginning halfway up his face, two ridges between his eyebrows went up and over each side of his head and as far as John could see along his body, almost like a crocodile. Looking closer, John could see a patch of white on the underside of Sherlock's chin and neck.
Frustrated at being ignored, John stood up, dumping Sherlock out of his lap. Sherlock fell onto his back with a squawk.
"That makes good sense. Thanks for that, Chatsworth. See? You're already earning your keep."
"You need to give me more than that, John. You
"I think I'm going to be sick," Sherlock says, trying not to do exactly that.
"It's really none of your business, John," Sherlock says spitefully.
. But he knows better.
"Yet," Chatsworth echoed. "I think the Holmes brain is in constant battle with their bodies, always trying to subsume it. Look at this teeth issue. Instead of having to spend a week taking the slow route to a full set of teeth, his brain goes
"I don't know—let me ask him," John said. He popped off the bed and poked his head into the kitchen where Sherlock was happily sucking down his food. "Hey, Sherlock! How do you feel about Mycroft paying me while I take care of you?"
and John has a new fear—that he'll chicken out before Sherlock gets back, just like he chickened out before Sherlock died and he thought he'd lost his chance. He said then he would never let fear stop him from grabbing something he wanted.
Gerald laughs. "High heels do amazing things for legs. They tighten the calves and elongate the line of your legs. I've seen you naked, and I can
Quickly, John grabbed the bottle of shampoo and bar of soap and sat back down in the bath before Sherlock could get another eyeful.
"—the shoulder pain what's real bad right now. I—"
it? I believe my exact words were
John says, "You're gonna fuck me right now. Really," with his eyes dancing with alarm and excitement, and Sherlock wants to ravage him, wants to absolutely
"Oh, that's hot, Sherlock, seriously—who wouldn't drop their trousers at the words
"No, John. It's how they think. They don't know their own worth." Gerald puts a gentle hand on John's shoulder. "You've made him feel like a freak."
"No, no! You don't have to apologize. That's why I'm here—to let you know these things. But I don't want you feeling discouraged when I correct you because, to be honest, bonds like yours and Sherlock's are quite rare and I'd hate to put you off dragons."
into behaving. The words safe, sane, and consensual come to mind."
"Don't—" Sherlock spits out. "Don't you fucking dare feel sorry for me!"
That's the plan, then. When John gets home from the party, Sherlock will be lying in bed, naked, initiate sex and then apologize for his behavior. He will
, and Sherlock doesn't answer. Let Mycroft come and try to bully Sherlock into being
“Oh, you shut up yourself, John you clearly don’t-” Sherlock seemed to realize what he was saying and snapped his mouth shut, some of the color draining from his face. John just inched closer, his eyebrows knitted together in anger.
(See the end of the chapter for
John dropped The Note on the floor. He ran his hands through his hair shakily before he dropped to the floor, not even registering the pain in his knees. Without even thinking about it, he shuffled quickly over to Sherlock and pulled him softly up into a sitting position. Before Sherlock could say anything else, John buried his hand into the mess of curls on his head and pressed his wet face softly into his chest.
With a brother like that, who needed friends? Sherlock loved Mycroft, nearly idolized him, and wished to be like him in every way, following him around, trying to match his sense of dress. Mycroft would just laugh happily, ruffle Sherlock’s hair, and go on about his day, smiling at his little shadow trailing behind him.
As John stood up to wash his hands and put his kit away, Sherlock slumped fully onto the floor in exhaustion, closing his eyes and letting out a heavy sigh. John grabbed him a paracetamol and a glass of water and propped Sherlock up against himself before handing them to him. Sherlock’s hand shook around the glass of water, but he took the pills and drained the water with little to no difficulty. He set the glass on the floor beside him and climbed fully into John’s lap, burying his face in John’s shoulder.
As long as John had known Sherlock, he had nearly never heard the man swear. Maybe once, while he was knee-deep in a case and couldn’t find the next thread he needed, when a child was in danger.
“I watched you marry her,” Sherlock choked out, as if his throat was starting to close around his words. “You looked so happy, so in love, and I still had to stay and play a piece that I wrote for you for your first dance. It was fucking torture, but I stayed because I loved you, still love you so much, and you needed me there to be the happiest you could be.” Something in that admission niggled in the back of John’s mind, but he was too busy trying to figure out what to do. “I was expecting to come back to that, John, and I knew that I deserved it, so why isn’t it happening?” John, as if his joints finally unfroze themselves, found himself able to move and wasted no time in rushing over to Sherlock, falling to his knees in front of the man’s chair, gently pulling his clenched hands out of his hair.
John only held him closer, wishing he had a way to end the suffering of his exhausted, overworked detective.
“John?” Sherlock said, touching John gently on the arm. “I’m going to the bathroom, I’ll be back in a few.” John reached up to squeeze Sherlock’s hand and smiled at him. At the time, John hadn’t noticed, but thinking back on it, he was angry that he didn’t see the signs: the pale face, the slight sway, his heavy eyelids.
This was a lot of responsibility, and he felt like he couldn’t handle it, that he wasn’t worthy. A small question wriggled around impatiently in the back of his head, and it popped out before he could think about it.
“John, Lestrade,” Sherlock said softly, his throat raw and scratchy as if he hadn’t used it in weeks. “What happened?” He moved his hands beside his body and tried to push himself off the ground, put Lestrade whipped out his gun and trained it on Sherlock, his jaw clenching tightly. John did the same, and Sherlock could see a slight tremble in his hands.
“I believe you, Sherlock. Can you tell me why I smell like home?” John asked, trying to keep his voice calm.
That was their routine for the next bit of time, Sherlock hissing in breaths on occasion, John slowly and methodically stitching his wound shut. Sherlock didn’t know how long he stayed there, his face stinging, but it was a relief when John finally pressed a kiss to the tip of his nose and said, “All right, the stitching is done, just let me bandage it up for bed, okay?” Sherlock nodded, letting out a sigh of relief, running his fingers through his hair. John, after rewashing his hands and grabbing more gauze, ran his finger softly over the new line of stitches, a sad look in his eyes.
“Well, you asked, and I answered, isn’t that-”
Sherlock gritted his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut when a wave of hunger washed over him and made his stomach cramp painfully, reminding him that he had only eaten a few pieces of bread and some apple slices all week.
“Where is he?” John growled, moving to step slightly closer. He was stopped by Lestrade’s hand on his shoulder and Mycroft’s hand on his arm. John backed down with regret. The man just laughed and waved towards the group with one hand.
“C’mon ‘Lock, it happens to us all sometimes. Might as well drink it, eh? No use wasting free alcohol,” John said, taking another swig out of his pint. Sherlock’s nose scrunched up as he took a small sip from his own drink, still staring at the other drink with distaste.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock learned to hate winter after moving in with John.
When they got back to Baker Street, Sherlock flopped down onto his chair and rubbed his hands over his face, groaning quietly to himself. John could now see why.
“Shut up! I’ll put down the gun when I’m good and ready, which will be right after I put a bullet in your brain!” A shaky voice said, obviously belonging to a young man who was trying, and failing, to appear tough and mean. Sherlock sighed, and John could nearly hear the eye roll in his voice.
“Well John, that may be attributed to the fact that I am, irrefutably, in love with you. I have been ever since you shot a man for me.”
Sherlock was confused. Were they looking for him? He didn’t think he was that dangerous, but then again, here he was, sitting in an alley, covered in someone else's blood.
“John, please, I-” Sherlock swallowed, cutting himself off. “John, you know me, please-”
John, pulling Sherlock close to him, tucked the trembling detectives into his chest, rocking him back and for comfortingly. “Hey, hey, Sherlock, don’t be so hard on yourself, yeah? I know that you don’t want to kill me, and I know that you would never do it even if you were told to. That’s not the you that I know. The you that I know would use his big brain to come up with a genius plan that would save us. Or, if worse came to worse, we would go out together.” Sherlock’s hands clenched tightly at the front of John’s shirt again as John rubbed over his back and his sides comfortingly. Instead of starting to calm at that statement, his sobs became more violent and the trembling became worse. John opened his mouth to ask Sherlock what was wrong, but he was cut off by Sherlock yanking his head away from John’s chest, baring his teeth angrily.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you all for reading! I really like writing this one, and I hope you all enjoyed reading it! Comments and Kudos are my lifeblood, so if you're able to lend me a few, I'd be forever greatful.
“John…” Sherlock croaked out, burying his fingers in his hair and pulling, wanting to feel pain somewhere other than his stomach and his heart. The distraction didn’t work. The voice came over the loudspeaker again, and the sound of it made Sherlock tremble in fear. “Tsk tsk tsk, Sherlock, I thought I told you not to say anything! I suppose I could lift that ban, but I’ll have to make something worse for you, you understand.” Seconds later, the recording of John was turned up and seemed to be coming from everywhere around Sherlock all at once.
“I’ll take him off your hands, thank you both for nabbing him for me. I couldn’t have done it without you,” Lestrade said, snapping a pair of cuffs on the man before handing him off to Sally. John nodded at him and looked around for Sherlock, spotting him after a few seconds, standing a couple of paces away from him. His arms were crossed, and bathed in the flashing red and blue lights, his face looked tight and drawn, his eyebrows furrowed tightly, jaw clenched.
Sherlock shuddered against John and squeezed his eyes shut to stop the tears of joy threatening to spill over.
John’s heart started picking up speed in his chest when he couldn’t spot that familiar head of brown curls, the long flowing coat that belonged to his flatmate.
“I won’t give you my pity, Sherlock. But just know that I accept you for who you are, and that includes what you did when you were younger. Okay?” John said quietly, holding his detective tightly as he started sobbing and trembling for the second time that night.
“Sherlock?” John said, his throat scratching painfully at the effort of speaking. He winced, but when he heard the scrape of a chair in the room, he forced his eyes open, his cloudy vision landing on a ruffled Sherlock. Sherlock scrambled over to him, pushing aside what must have been one of the people holding him down, cupping John’s face carefully.
He moves closer to John who smiles nervously. Gerald stops right in front of him and puts his wine glass down on the table. He takes John's wine glass, too, which John lets go automatically. Gerald sets that one down, too. Then Gerald slides his hands up John's arms to John's face.
thing." He put it in air quotes. "Is it asking too much for me to have some breathing room to wrap my head around all this?"
When he wakes the next day, the debriefing begins. Sherlock wants to get it over with in one day, but Mycroft puts a halt to the questioning after three hours. He makes Sherlock eat one of the bland foods allowed on his diet, and then tells him to take a nap. When Sherlock refuses, Mycroft threatens to have something put in his IV to make him sleep so Sherlock lies down carefully on his side and closes his eyes. To his surprise, he sleeps.
Quickly, John looks up
"Let me guess—I ruined your life first by faking my death, and ruined it again by returning! Is that it? You wish I had
didn't manage anything.
From the moment he woke up the next morning, John dutifully took Sherlock's temperature. Out of curiosity, John took it more often than the instructions specified. After the big jump from morning to evening the day before, the egg's temperature seemed to have stalled. It hardly crept up at all over the next six hours. Finally, he forced himself to stop obsessing, and settled into conversation with Sherlock.
"Why do you want to know?" Sherlock asks, the fork in his hand stilling for only a second on its way to his mouth.
you've been wrong, and in one day, too!"
I would've gone through hell
Chatsworth set the cooler on the table and unzipped it. Both John and Sherlock edged closer. "These are raw chicken bone legs and I froze a dozen for you, Sherlock. They stay cold longer than rubber or cloth. Plus, as their teeth come in, they can eat the bones. Since the bones are uncooked, we don't have to worry about splinters of bone getting stuck in their gullet or anything."
This time, it's Sherlock's eyes who show murder.
"Yeah, I guess...I just—this brings up another question. You said you liked being a sub. Does this mean you want to be punished for things?"
"No," John says, shaking his head. "We didn't share toys—although there were a couple that I had here for him, but I threw those away."
Loaded down with clothes, he goes downstairs and dumps everything on top of the kitchen table. He checks in his bedroom and is pleased to see that Sherlock is sleeping, and, then, remembering the medical brief, sneaks in to search through Sherlock's duffel bag but finds nothing but clothes. Maybe it fell on the kitchen floor under the table and John's just been too deep in thought to notice?
“I’ve never tasted my own cum,” Blaine says, panting.
and John was already rising out of his chair before he realized it, and Cyril was saying
"Yes, Mycroft. I'm a doctor, not an idiot. Get to your point. Why did you call me?"
: You'd better be! :)
that without Sherlock's resurrection, he and I would not have our wonderful, patient, sexy as fuck partners where they belong which is
Mrs. Hudson pats his cheek, mollified. "I suppose I can forgive you, you
"Has he said, unequivocally, that he doesn't want children?"
John holds up his hand. "He's still arrogant and thoughtless, whether he loves me or not."
"Don't lie to me," John says gravely. "I expect you to keep the promise you made not to lie to me."
After the fight, Sherlock is exhausted, weary in a way he hasn't been since he first came back from Serbia. He feels shattered and too vulnerable, inhabiting a body that isn't his. He can't bear to look at John, to see the confusion and wariness in his eyes.
Satisfied, John reached for a tea cup and the pot of tea. Sherlock watched closely as John poured in the tea.
a difference between Gerald and Sherlock, and that difference is most obvious when you compare each of them next to John himself. Gerald, when not in Dom mode, is sweet, and considerate, and thoughtful. And very obviously gay.
"Oh, dear," John said, sympathetic. "I think you're teething."
you're, um, attract--I mean it's just ‘cause I'm a man?”
"Well, we'll cross that road when we come to it. For now, pain management and nutrition are my priorities. I'm afraid it's porridge again this morning."
I'm still pissed off you lied to me.
, as you put it, brought on by your PTSD; or that you've been in love with him all along, but you're terrified he won't love you back, so now you're trying to build a defense against what you perceive as rejection on his part.
, John! This is why I didn't want to tell you!"
and manages to grab the bin under the desk and duck his head inside before he vomits.
For several moments John can't speak. When, at last, he does, it's with a voice heavy with responsibility.
"Please tell me which of these things has been in Gerald's arse," Sherlock says, glowering, and John can't help himself—he laughs hoarsely, shoulders shaking, sounding more like someone suffering through an asthmatic fit, than someone expressing mirth. Sherlock keeps glaring at him, and John squeezes tears out of the corners of his eyes, and wipes them away, and finally Sherlock grabs him, and pushes him down, and kisses him, and says, "Shut up."
Sherlock's grave) and wanted to lie there until he died, too, and his bones sank into the ground to lie with Sherlock's bones because he couldn't imagine trying to live with a Sherlock shaped wound in his world.
hygiene habits, and when he's finished, he throws everything that needs to be washed into the tub, washes his hands, brushes his teeth, and stares at his face in the mirror, until Sherlock opens the door and grabs John's arm, and says, "Get in here," and drags him in before depositing him on the bed. "Hands and knees," he snaps. John crawls to the head of the bed, while Sherlock climbs over to the other side, and says, "No, put your knees on the edge of the bed—here," so John does.
John fills all three definitions so he can check the word
"I should've told you," John says, back in the bathroom again.
Mycroft smiled smugly. "A few weeks."
"Sherlock, don't climb up on the worktop!" John said after righting the kitchen chair Sherlock had knocked over with his tail when he followed John into the kitchen.
any old person. You're my John. Well," he amended, "you are a
"Sherlock, stand back there with John and just watch," Chatsworth said, holding a hand to halt them. He continued walking until he was about ten meters away. "I'm big!" he shouted by way of explanation. "Now Sherlock— when you shift, you have to
While he forces himself not to touch John, John has Sherlock's bottoms up in no time at all.
John shouted in frustration and hung up the phone. "Fucking Mycroft," he hissed.
pageth of thingth I didn't know before!"
"Stop staring at me," John said. "Turn around or something."
"You might want to feed him now," Mycroft said.
"Good?" Gerald asks.
"Will he be able to shift to human right away?"
John sighed and turned around to find the driver only inches away. He flinched back, started to step back but the driver grasped him firmly by the bicep. John was too taken aback to rip himself out of the man's hold.
at two in the morning because he's not eaten for three days is hardly on par with Jasper. He's very—
The look of betrayal on Sherlock's face made John immediately regretful. He opened his mouth to apologize, but Chatsworth interrupted him.
John sighs and hangs up the phone. He reads the text messages from Rebecca a second time, trying to find a way to respond that doesn't invite more questions. He remembers, now, why having Sherlock in his life makes it so hard to have any other meaningful relationships. Even if Sherlock's return wasn't a secret, John is familiar with the slippery slope he's already started down and at the end of it will be bruised feelings, resentment, and shattered friendships.
"You can't help me with everything," Sherlock says. His heart is racing. He rubs his hand over his mouth and wipes sweat off his upper lip. Now that he’s noticed it, he feels the dampness of perspiration everywhere.
3 spreadsheets were created
"That's the insidiousness of torture," Dr. Reed says. "Nobody holds up under torture. It continuously peels away layer after layer of your personality, and every time you think you've hit the bottom, like this is the absolute
After they dry off, they dress—well, John does, even if only in pajamas. Sherlock's only in his tartan dressing gown, the tie barely secured. John makes them cheese sandwiches and tomato soup for lunch. After the washing-up is finished, Sherlock sits in his chair, tuning his violin, helping John with his abandoned crossword, until he's driven crazy by the sight of John's tongue stroking absentmindedly over his lips while he thinks, and they have another go at each other. This time, it's John on his knees. After Sherlock comes, John straddles him in his chair, and jerks himself off, coming all over Sherlock's belly. That's number five done.
(Unfortunately, Sherlock could still talk with his mouth full.)
"Hello to you, too," John said, pinching the bridge of his nose.
"Now you've had your first kiss with a man," Gerald says and shrugs.
"Yep," John says. "It's sad, breaking up with someone you care about. It'll be a long time before we can repair our friendship."
"Oh, my dear, don't be upset. We just thought what you said was cute!"
within your lifetime." There was a pause and then, more quietly, Mycroft said,
“I'm sorry, Gerald. I'm a bastard,” John says. He crosses the short distance between them and tries to put his arms around Gerald but his attempt is rebuffed. Instead Gerald sidesteps him and walks over to his desk. He presses all five fingertips against the top of his desk. He keeps his eyes on them and his figure is so rigid that John doesn't dare approach.
"You think breaking up with Gerald was easy?" John says, his voice rising towards a shout. "Now the obstacle has been overcome and we can fall in bed together,
“Shut the fuck up,” Sherlock says, his voice cold steel.
"Okay," Sherlock says when John doesn't say anything else.
"No, you just think it's a kink or—"
. To Sherlock!"
"What if I don't feel the same?" John asks, rubbing his nose along Sherlock's collarbone, breathing deeply as he goes. Sherlock's belly blooms with warmth.
"You're back and I
"What. The fuck. Happened," John rasped.
Chatsworth tilted his head back and forth. "Well, it's something you have to just teach isn't acceptable. I guess it's a bit like separation anxiety in human babies, only we don't outgrow it."
John grimaces. "You win."
“One guard forced oral sex on me twice but no physical damage,” Sherlock says, which is true.
"Neat," Sherlock groans, his voice almost unrecognizable. "The thing with the—
"I'm perfectly well except for—" Sherlock says, and then pauses. John's a powder keg, clearly grieving, furious with Sherlock in addition to himself, and waiting for just one spark to go off.
"It'll be a big cage, Sherlock, but it'll be a tight fit with your tail. You'll have to wrap your tail around your middle so you can get into the cage. Once we're in the van, you can come out."
, but that thought disappeared as a sense of contentment settled over him. He found himself caressing the egg, his left hand petting it from the top down its side as far into the crate as he could reach. His surroundings seemed to fall away.
Finally, Sherlock looks up at him, his eyes burning like coals in his face, and even though John isn't sure what they're talking about anymore, he's sure that Sherlock's fever-bright eyes and cheeks make him want to do all kinds of kinky things with Sherlock, anything he wants as a matter of fact because he would do
"Are there any lacerations or welts that need to be treated?"
, John said and lifted his hand to knock on Mrs. Hudson's door.
“What about you?” Sherlock asks.
"Uh, nothing. Never mind. Perfectly well," Sherlock babbles. (Underneath his fear of setting John off is relief so strong he must fight to keep a grin off his face—Gerald is no longer The Boyfriend and Sherlock is that much closer to having John for himself in every way.)
"They forced him to rape you," John clarifies.
This brings a bright smile to Gerald's face, the same devastating smile that once stole John's heart. It affects him still but the ache it conjures has receded. Gerald pats him on the shoulder and then turns him towards the door to the house. "Let's go inside and fawn all over Milton so Olly and Bernie can preen."
"What's wrong? Are you sick?" John asks, even as he's climbing onto the bed, one hand trapping Sherlock's wrist to check his pulse, the other hand slipping inside Sherlock's shirt to feel the temperature of his skin.
, he's behind you, and I'm broken too tired and sad to save you." Sherlock's voice wavers, thick and foggy, and John sees the streamers of bloody saliva that bubble up out of Sherlock's lips as his voice shivers and jumps and his body shakes, and John wants to kneel in front of Sherlock, and pull him into his arms, and brush his thick, beautiful hair off his beautiful, gorgeous, sweaty forehead, and wipe the bloody saliva away with gentle fingers, and hold him in his arms, and rock him, because this man is
Tate shuts the fuck up.
"Oh, he's still my best friend. It only took about six months shagging Cyril to realize that I wanted true love and wasn't going to get it from him. He doesn't want a relationship, still. Doesn't believe in romance. For himself, that is. So long as he's got someone to shag and his friends, he feels fulfilled."
"You can't send me to the A&E. I'm not allowed to leave the flat," Sherlock scoffs. John looks at him. Sherlock's face is pale and pinched, beads of sweat forming on his upper lip. He can be inhumanly immune to pain sometimes, but at other times become a whimpering pansy.
"I woke you," Sherlock says hoarsely. They're still holding onto each other, heads pressed together.
to reach out, to expand his circle of—of—to have more people in his life than John and Mycroft.
"I want to know how you feel about me," Sherlock says and, even though he knows that John will avoid the truth, he still should give him the opportunity to say it.
"I’m glad we’ll be there to celebrate with them," Sherlock says, without preamble, blinking blearily, "because it took them twenty-five years to realize they were meant to be together even though all they had to do all that time was just
John seems to accept this explanation, or is too tired to complain, but it takes him ages to relax against Sherlock's body. Sherlock counts out the minutes, his own eyes beginning to droop
!" John says in mimicry of Mrs. Hudson. He purses his lips like she does, and manages to puff himself up to look highly indignant. He walks out of the flat with a hand pressed to his breast in almost perfect imitation of a disapproving Mrs. Hudson but not before tossing a grin over his shoulder that Sherlock finds devastatingly sexy.
. I only
Then he takes both of John's hands and pulls him backwards towards the dark room, staring at John with such a heated look that they're barely inside before John has Gerald caged in his arms, kissing him with unrelenting desire. He clutches Gerald's hips with his hands and pushes him towards the bed. When Gerald's knees hit the back of the bed, John begins to undress Gerald, kissing each inch of skin that gets exposed.
that matter anyway. It's the memories he keeps and the stories he tells. When John is gone, the blog will still be out there in cyberspace, telling their story.
"The truth is that I didn't work right until I met you, and maybe that's not what other people think about when they think of love, but I only work right when I'm with you, even when I want to throw you off a roof myself, and I couldn't possibly in a million years
"Fucking Christ!" Gerald says when he sees what John is doing. "You're so ridiculously hot. My
A pad of paper and a pencil come out of nowhere and John leans against the sink and looks at Sherlock. He's not looking at
himself to stay awake. I mean, he's not, right?"
For John, the next two weeks go by in a blur of heartache and furtive tears unleashed only in the shower or at the darkest part of the night into his pillow to muffle the sounds. Whenever he's at work, he can forget about breaking up with Gerald, but he never stops worrying about Sherlock being home alone.
"Remember I told you that Olivia and Bernie were having a baby?"
Sherlock grabs his hand back, and says, "No. Together." It's not phrased as a question, but he knows John hears the uncertain lilt on the end.
“I’m sorry,” he whispers as Blaine’s struggles become more aggressive. The survival instinct having one last hurrah with a dump of adrenaline. “It’s okay. You’re okay. Shh.”
"He seems to think you haven't told me everything that happened in Serbia. He mentioned a young guard."
parents, you know. Our lifestyle isn't really conducive to competent parenting."
, who he's been fucking for three months and anyway, it's not like he's asking for something gross like pissing on him or pretending to be an infant.
masculine.
and disposes of the condom. He comes back to bed with a glass of water half full which he hands to John. John downs it all then flops back on the bed on his stomach.
"The thing is," John says and stops again. "I know we're men, and British men in particular don't like talking about their feelings, but you and I—we've lived on the edge of death together, Sherlock. After all that we've been through, do you really not trust me?"
"Teeth?" John said out loud. "Shit."
"Come now, Sherlock. I'm not all bad," Mycroft said. John was surprised at the flash of hurt in Mycroft's eyes.
you be back?" she asks, distracted, and John knows she's probably pulled up the schedule on her computer and is trying to shuffle people around to cover for him.
, John howling in laughter, his laughter fueling Gerald's laughter fueling John's laughter. John, so full of endorphins that he felt high, had to go stand in the kitchen to stop laughing, and when he came back, he knew he couldn't look Gerald in the eye or they would start up again.
"You moved into my bedroom," Sherlock chokes out.
The allure of having Chatsworth around to clean out the litter box, and remove all the blood and assorted viscera from the feeding pen, and watch Sherlock so John could leave the house for more than five minutes without Sherlock freaking out was just too strong to waste on avoiding a few uncomfortable conversations.
, and then before I knew it you had your hand wrapped around my, my—around
Sherlock scoffs. "That doesn't require my focus
be able to spit fire?" Sherlock asked, eyes wide and hopeful.
"No."
and I did some seriously intense trauma surgeon training at Bart's and then I went to Afghanistan, saved a bunch of men who got shot, lost a few. And then, and then—"
The next morning, John gets two texts from Rebecca and Bernie, which he answers as tersely as he can. Apparently, they're not reassured, because he gets two
The problem is that John can't share Sherlock's burdens unless Sherlock tells him what they are. After last night, though, he's even more positive he doesn't want John to know all the details of what happened in Serbia. He can't stand the thought of John having pity for him, or treating him like he's damaged.
,” Blaine groans.
"It must be the—" John says, and Sherlock interrupts him. "The wedding invitation?"
John opens his mouth to say something, shakes his head slowly once, twice, then picks up his notebook and pen and writes something in it.
It was at that point that Sherlock became far less cooperative. The back of the van had no windows so Sherlock kept craning his neck over the front seats trying to see out of the windscreen as Chatsworth drove. This meant his tail knocked John around so that it took him much longer than it might have otherwise to discover the trick of flattening the metal crate. Finally, after much cursing, it was done and secured to the side of the van. John climbed over Sherlock and into the front passenger seat.
John's face registers the grief he felt back then, and Sherlock wraps him up again in his arms, and kisses him, and then whispers, "I'm sorry," and then kisses him again, and whispers, "I'm
defenses, you might love me back. My thinking was flawed, though, because I was operating under a faulty premise. I assumed you didn't want me because I was a
"We're not
together—"
"Yes," Sherlock says. "I'm not ashamed."
John's face whips up, and he tilts his head slightly to the left, the beginning of a smile-that's-not-a-smile on his lips. "Yeah, I have. That happens when you go through a breakup."
, Sherlock added, disdainfully pushing the baby soothers away with the claw of one foot as though they would pollute him if they touched his skin.
It's half eight before Sherlock hears the front door shut and John's tread on the stairs. It's slow and plodding. Sherlock has been pacing, phone gripped in his hand, for almost two hours. Six milligrams of clonazepam have kept him from a full-blown panic attack, but it hasn't quenched the urge to leave the flat and find John.
John, mouth opened in the hopes something sensible would occur to him, looked at Sherlock and found himself unable to come up with even a flimsy reason why they couldn't bathe together. In John's mind, it felt highly inappropriate, like bathing with a child.
John gets in a taxi and goes home. He takes his socks and shoes off. The toe of his left shoe has blood on it. He looks at it. He puts the shoe down on the coffee table. He picks it up again and thinks about taking it to the kitchen and cleaning it but he wants to keep Sherlock's blood on his shoe. He's not ready to wipe it off yet. He puts the shoe back down on the coffee table. He doesn't know where the other shoe is but that's okay for now.
jealous), he can't help but feel deeply grateful to Gerald for teaching John how to suck cock. The entirety of the front of Sherlock's pants is soaked with John's saliva. A breathy, barely-there moan rides each of Sherlock's exhales. He's so embarrassingly close to finishing, and he hasn't even taken off his pants! He tries to remember the last time he had an orgasm, and vaguely recalls several nights of debauchery in Abu Dhabi about nine months ago. Surely, he brought himself off at some point in the intervening time, but he honestly can't recall. Once he entered eastern Europe, it was night after day after night of little sleep, food snatched and eaten on the go, contacts and safe houses increasingly few and far between until the thirteenth of February when—
attracted to you. But I'm not comfortable having sex with you right now or, indeed, any time soon. We need to move slowly—
"I do," John says simply, the answer written in his very bones it seems.
“They will kill me,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock reaches for John and John allows himself to be pulled into Sherlock's arms. He settles between Sherlock's thighs, his back to Sherlock's front, and Sherlock brings his heels up and tucks them between John's knees, while his arms pin John against him.
tell him what
"First time with a man," John corrects, with a soft laugh.
? he/the egg asked.
Sherlock shakes Greg's hand when he offers it. Greg holds on a bit too long, and then clasps his other hand so that he's gripping Sherlock's hand in both of his, and says, "God, it's good to see you, you fucking bastard. When Mycroft told me you were still alive, I admit, I was
door open and then close, hears the muted rustling of John getting dressed, then the whisper of John's duvet being pulled back. John's mattress is memory foam and makes no noise
John grimaced at Sherlock's bloody snout and turned quickly to the refrigerator to pull out another container. Sherlock attacked this one with the same greedy enthusiasm. Suddenly, he sneezed right into the bowl. He yanked his snout out and shook it, slopping chunks of pureed chicken livers and drops of blood all over the table and the floor. John dropped his head into his hands and groaned.
(Sherlock will later point out that "his" hands were not
"Yes, he did," John says.
"No sex," Sherlock says, gently smacking John's head, which is still level with Sherlock's belly button.
Sherlock gingerly works his way onto the bed, sitting next to John with his back to the wall. "So you're in love with me?"
“Not completely,” Sherlock allows. “I'm also thinking that Gerald should have worn a pink tie to match your shoes, because—“
"Oh, for
"Being glad to be home doesn't automatically mean you're glad he died. Event A—his suicide—resulted in Event B. Your rescue. Could you have helped him?"
"Do not give me an erection in a cemetery, Gerald," John says.
John puts the box of condoms behind them on the bed, and slides to the floor on his knees. Sherlock's lost more than half of his erection during the past ten minutes, but the sight of John kneeling between his legs is enough to remind his brain where to shunt some blood.
John huffs in irritation, picks up his phone, and dials Angelo's restaurant. Thirty minutes later, John and Sherlock have enough food to feed three times as many people.
John grabs his pad of paper and a pen and starts writing his list for things he needs Gerald to pick up. The embassy doctors gave Sherlock ten days of an antibiotic because of all the open wounds. It's the same thing John would have prescribed. The anti-fungal, antibiotic creams, and lidocaine is fine so John won't need to change any of those.
"John." Gerald flails in his attempt to get up without tripping and without spilling his beer and finally manages it, laughing weakly. He's nervous. That makes John feel better because he worried he would be the only one.
He feels accountable for Gerald because of his obedience, both now and in future, if they take this step. If he gives a command without considering his responsibility to Gerald, then Gerald's obedience can hurt him. He wants to be deserving of Gerald's trust, even though it's clear Gerald has given it freely.
"Yes, I do, but I reckon what you're asking is how many men I've had
"He's sexually mature," Chatsworth said before busying himself making a cup of tea.
"Do you mean to say that he never once showed interest in you, all those nights you met him at the pub for a pint?"
Sherlock takes a deep breath and reminds himself that he and John were never going to be a sure thing. Sherlock decided in New Orleans, all those months ago, that he would tell John how he felt, even if John couldn’t return his love. The boyfriend complicates things, but Sherlock isn’t going to go back on the vow he made to himself.
"My dear, sometimes I forget that you're still learning the nuances of the English language. When I said
! Not just to comfort John, but to kiss him, to suck him, to fuck him, to erase Gerald from his body and his heart, and then he wants John to do all those things to him, for the same reason—to scrub clean Sherlock's defiled body and heart.
John keeps his eyes locked on Sherlock and gradually leans forward, letting his tongue slip out of his mouth incrementally, wetting his lips, reminding Sherlock of a slow motion film. Sherlock's hips strain upward even though he's gripping the mattress and imagining his arse sinking into it, in order to avoid smacking John in the face with his clothed erection.
John meets someone, and discovers a new side to himself.
"Yeah, well, you're a troublesome patient. Speaking of which, have you seen the medical brief you brought with you? I thought I'd left it on the table, but it's not there. Did you move it?"
Sherlock whispers. "Are you sure? You've only—I mean—"
Every morning he wakes up in a cage of Sherlock's limbs, as though Sherlock is protecting him. Given what John has heard Sherlock scream during a flashback or shout out during a nightmare, it's clear that Sherlock's persecution at the hands of the guard, Danilo, weighs heavier in Sherlock's psyche than the other torture. He often has nightmares where Danilo rapes John, or forces Sherlock to.
way? Even if it's cleaning up dragon poop?"
"And why's he got a broken cheekbone?" Lestrade asks, jerking his chin in the direction of the suspect.
his water to have sugar in it, John agreed but only while he was poorly. Once he was better, it was back to plain old tap water.
"Oh, John," Sherlock says, gasping. "A little bit squirted out of your arsehole, and I'm just—
"Hey—you can't be offended when I have to make do with what I've got to hand because
The something interesting involves his microscope. Only, he finds himself staring into the middle distance, unseeing, his mind on John and this party. It occurs to him, quite belatedly, that if he truly wants to show John that he's sorry—not, not that he's sorry. To show John how much Sherlock loves him,
"He said lots of things, none of which were
Sherlock likes Rebecca and knows she returns those feelings, so he'll have at least two allies at the party. After another long look in the mirror, he decides he's about as ready as he's ever going to be. He grabs his phone, keys and wallet, and thunders down the stairs and out into the muggy summer evening. He hails a cab and gives out the address on the hand-written invitation.
"Oh, sorry, I forgot about that," Sherlock says, pushing to sitting and rubbing his eyes.
"Mycroft
Zivko, though, is just a boy. He wasn't here in the nineties. He doesn't seem older than sixteen to Sherlock. He's got the usual high cheekbones and almond shaped eyes of ethnic Serbs but his skin is pale. Sherlock can see Russian ancestry in Zivko's blushing cheeks and startlingly green eyes.
Sherlock's tail unwound from around his body and snaked up John's arm to his shoulder, around the back of his neck, up and over his head. Sherlock petted John's cheek with the tip of his tail while staring up at John with innocence and adoration in his eyes.
After his breakup with Gerald, Rebecca and Cyril (who John is the closest to out of all of Gerald's friends) stay in touch with John daily and try to get him to open up about what happened. While John appreciates their concern, he can't say anything other than it was a joint decision to end their relationship, and eventually they stop, realizing they're just making things worse by trying to get him and Gerald to talk about it.
, and Milton looks like a cross between a Sharpei and a garden gnome and yet all I see is how
boy. I won't walk that line with you, John. I
"Of course," Sherlock says, nodding. His head is going to fall off his neck if he nods anymore.
"Guess you're in, mate," John said, clapping him on the back.
"John, this is—please try to be understanding with him," Mycroft says carefully. "I don't want to betray his trust by telling you what he's hiding."
"Gentlemen, please," Mycroft says. "The important thing is that you impart to Gerald that the knowledge of Sherlock's return needs to be handled with absolute secrecy."
John asked, setting his plate down on the table and crossing his arms. "If he gets on the Internet, there's no telling what shitstorm he'll rain down on our heads!"
Sherlock would love to see John's prick fully erect. Preferably fully erect because of Sherlock.)
, the nosy bastard) following them curiously.
Sherlock presses the heels of his hands into his eyes, trying to staunch the tears his traitorous body seems determined to spew out every time he allows himself to
I had mapped out three chapters between "Resurrection" and "It's All Fine" which I stuck in the "extras" folder when I realized it would be a few more months before I'd want to write anything. The good news is I have discussed an Extras chapter with Jenn, so you may see them if we go through with it!
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "John, you are clearly confused. That's exactly what we're doing."
that's an inappropriate conversation
"I used to be a conventional therapist, but I had a few clients who couldn't work out their issues. They were spending thousands of dollars on therapy but still using drugs or alcohol or sex to cope. Their marriages were still falling apart; they were still alienating their families.
"Yeah."
some sense into her. That's when I got the idea to switch from conventional therapy to what I do now. I asked her if she was interested and she said yes.
When they arrived at Baker Street, the driver got out of the car to help John carry his luggage upstairs. John declined his help. He just wanted to be alone to think (or brood, as it were) and if the driver came up, then John would have to be civil. The driver insisted so vehemently that John relented and so found himself hastening up the stairs empty-handed.
"Oh, yes, it's very important to replace all the fluids I've lost in the past forty-eight hours," Sherlock says, winking at John, who glares at him while his face, ears, and chest burn in embarrassment (but he also burns deep down low in his belly).
Sherlock can't, he just
"I think you're starting to understand."
Startled awake, John realized he'd fallen asleep in his chair and at some point, Sherlock had climbed up the back and was sitting on the headrest. His long, muscular tail was wrapped around John's arm and shoulder and coiled around his neck. John grabbed the part around his neck with the hand that wasn't already trapped by a dragon tail, and pulled on it.
"A belt."
Mycroft's eyebrows went up. "On the contrary. It's clear to me now that you are just the man for the job." His smile almost looked genuine.
"Hm," John murmurs and then pulls his lips back over his teeth, makes a tunnel out of his mouth, and pushes his head as far down as he can go on Gerald's cock before bobbing back up again.
to which Sherlock doesn't respond, although his fingers hover over the keypad of his phone for too long before he finally switches off the screen and sets it on the bedside table.
"John,
Now John knew that the spell wasn't triggered by memories
Gerald drops onto the toilet seat as though his body is controlled by John's commands rather than by his own will. John is suddenly rock hard at the thought. And, of course Gerald will notice he has an erection because he's wearing nothing but his pants.
John threw his hands up in exasperation. "Why does everyone assume that? In case you've never paid attention while at
John can't get his thoughts together—between the dream and his encounter with Sherlock, it feels like he's woken up to a different reality. His broken open heart wants to erect a barrier around itself, but one of them has to stay open, so he goes downstairs into his bedroom, and grabs some pajama bottoms and a t-shirt out of his dresser, and pulls them on. In the kitchen, he fills the kettle, settles it back into the heating coil, and flicks it on. He gets out two mugs, and two tea bags (Twinings, because Sherlock's a snob, and the Tetley John drank for eighteen months no longer passes muster). While the kettle heats up, he pulls eggs, tomatoes, Gruyère, and spring onions out of the fridge. He leans out to catch a glimpse of Sherlock on the couch.
John comes home carrying the scent of London with him, the smell of hospital, the Tube, blood, exhaust. He usually showers as soon as he gets home, but Sherlock prefers John like this—smelling of the city they love, the heartbeat they share—and from this moment on, the memory of this, their first
, John thinks,
When Blaine’s hands cup Sherlock’s arse, all that pent-up lust comes tumbling out of him, along with a moan. Encouraged, Blaine angles a leg in between Sherlock’s and Sherlock shamelessly grinds his burgeoning erection against Blaine’s thigh. Blaine groans in sympathy and pushes his brawny hands under Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock hisses as cold fingers plow furrows in his skin from waist almost to shoulder. Blaine’s hands are impeded by Sherlock’s clothes.
Rebecca smiles, her eyes wistful. She reaches out and wraps John in her arms, her soft woman's body fitting against him in a way that feels strange after so long in a man's arms. John has hugged Rebecca on multiple occasions, but those were quick
bedroom, and not upstairs, because then he could roll around in the scent of it, and imagine that John might come home, and find Sherlock already in bed, and Sherlock would open sleepy eyes and say
"I don't know how to trust you," John says, and pulls his lips in over his teeth. He shakes his head, and Sherlock watches in dismay as John gets off the bed and makes for the door.
The loo is under the stairs off to the left from the sitting room so the ceiling slopes up. John uses the toilet, washes his hands, splashes some water on his face and wipes it off with the soft hand towel sitting on the edge of the sink. He looks at himself in the mirror and grimaces. His hair has gotten so much grayer since Sherlock died. The lines on his face have always been a product of too much sun plus lots of smiling and laughing but now there are a few lines of grief. John ducks his head and leaves the loo. He finds Gerald in the kitchen.
Dutifully, John turned to watch as a sizeable piece of shell was punched off the egg with enough force to send it flying into the kitchen.
John's gonna take these words that he clings to out of dread and break them down to their literal parts. He's gonna examine each one, throw out any emotional attachment. He's gonna go at these like Sherlock.
him."
"I don't—"
After Sherlock brushes his teeth, John helps him get back into bed on his side. Sherlock looks sleepy, which is good. Tonight, John will give him five milligrams of melatonin, sublingually, and that will help keep him on a regular sleeping schedule. It feels almost like caring for an infant the way he's worked out eating and sleeping schedules.
“I want you to eat a little porridge and then turn in. It's almost nine. Go rest on the sofa and I'll bring it to you.”
I'm off now to read all the stories I've got on my marked for later list. Goodbye!
John shrugs because, yeah—after the confident dissection of the fight in Gerald's calm therapist-voice, John realizes how completely he overreacted.
"Of course I want you to hatch, you silly—uh—lizard? I can't wait to meet you in person. I don't know how we'll make it work, a giant lizard living here with me, but we'll find a way, won't we?"
John sighed loudly and shook his head sorrowfully. It wasn't exactly like he
“Sorry John,” Sherlock said, his voice scratchy and uneven, “you- you weren’t supposed to hear that. To hear me, that is.” He plastered a fake smile onto his face, but his lips were trembling and his eyes were rimmed in red. Smiling sadly, John placed one of his hands on Sherlock’s shoulder, giving it a comforting squeeze. More tears gathered in Sherlock’s eyes, and before he knew it they were rolling down his pallid cheeks, leaving tracks behind them. John cupped his hands around Sherlock’s face, wiping the tears away with care.
(See the end of the chapter for
John pushed and pushed and pushed himself, going faster and faster, ignoring his screaming arms and legs, paying no mind to his tortured lungs, only listening to the screaming voice inside of him telling him to get them both to safety.
That meant… it meant… no…
The thought made a large smile break out on John’s face, and he brought Sherlock’s head a little bit closer so that he could bury his nose in his hair and inhale, taking in the sweet smell of his shampoo.
“He’s not in the right mind, be prepared for him to lash out!”
Thank you for reading! And thank you for all of the support I'm getting with this, I really appreciate it! Again, comments and Kudos are my lifeblood and I really appreciate them
"And here, I thought I had secrets," John says, teasing.
It's an effective aphrodiasiac, Sherlock's mouth. John's not fully erect, yet, but the kiss brings him halfway, and then Sherlock's hands are no longer on his hips—he's got both palms inside the waistband of John's pants, and is sliding them down with the kind of measured teasing that their romantic interactions, however brief, have had—the rest of the time, he's like a bulldozer, which is pretty much how he is in everything. John, though, is the special recipient of this slow, seductive patience (a word he would
"We all knew!" Rebecca says. "Anyone who ever saw the two of them in the same room knew!"
Tactile discomfort (example: kneeling in dried peas)
to do before the love of his life gets home.
The minute the back doors were opened, Sherlock hopped out, flexed his wings, and with one leap of his powerful back legs, he was up in the air, flapping his great black wings.
It takes a ridiculously long amount of time to get seated. Gerald's not endowed with a porn-worthy dick (though it's longer than John's by an inch in length and at least an inch in circumference), but it's still uncomfortable enough to make him wince and he has to pause periodically, leaning forward, chest pressing against Gerald's face. Gerald takes those opportunities to use his teeth and tongue on John's nipples.
and the bartender moves back to the paper he's reading.
"I'm sorry," is the first thing John says when he sits down in his chair across from Sherlock. His voice is soft and
"Did you just smell my hair?" Gerald asks, his voice teasing.
"I'm the Jasper of my relationship with Sherlock."
"While you're eating, I'm going to outline your treatment here at home," John begins. "Like I said, my two priorities are pain management and feeding you up. The injuries I'm most concerned with are your broken and cracked ribs. The lacerations were stitched up neatly and will heal quickly. In fact, today I'll be taking some of the stitches on the smaller ones out and maybe even some of the bigger ones, depending on the tensile strength of the skin.
Sherlock hears the
For the rest of the day, John is kept busy treating children caught in a fire at their school. He doesn't have time to think about Sherlock, or Gerald, or anything beyond treating each small victim.
"You just need something to chew on. Maybe some pain medicine." John trailed off, his eyes squinting in thought. Would pain medicine even work on a dragon? If so, what would the dosage be based on? If Sherlock were a child, John would dose him according to weight.
"Sherlock, don't start," John says, his voice lower and rougher than he would've liked it to be. "You need to focus on getting through the press conference."
Gerald stands up, the movement jerky, his muscles tight, and goes the long way around it to the sitting room door so he doesn't have to ask John to move his legs off the coffee table.
"Is that what you think? That they're up there getting off on it and I'm only fooling myself that I'm actually helping them?"
Sherlock slides his hands slowly inside the back of John's scrubs and digs his fingers into John's arse, spreading his cheeks slightly when he pulls John roughly into him. John groans, and widens his legs eagerly. Sherlock raises his hips up to grind his pelvis against John's. They both moan, and Sherlock whispers
These guards are old enough to have been young men during the civil wars of the 1990s. They are old enough to have lost brothers, fathers, and friends to Croatia's brutal ethnic cleansings. They are old enough to have mothers, sisters, girlfriends, and friends who were raped and brutalized by Croat soldiers. These men have lived through the worst atrocities humans can effect upon another.
In the mirror, he practices smiling while saying
"Yes. Madly in love, it turns out. I wouldn't have started anything with Gerald otherwise. It's not a matter of using Gerald as a replacement for this man. He was never coming back, and I had no idea where to find him even if that had been an option. So, I moved on and fell in love with Gerald, and I would've spent the rest of my life with him. I know this sounds hokey, but Sh—I mean this other man, well—he’s the love of my life, you know?"
hesitated for ninety fucking seconds. For all intents and purposes, this man is his responsibility, and he has just left him open and vulnerable on the battlefield for
As he told Sherlock the day before, John's responsibility extends beyond just treating his injuries—John has taken on the responsibility for Sherlock's health. There are many things John has thought of that he needs to restore Sherlock to health, including helping him gain weight. John starts writing things down.
Sherlock turns his head and glares at John, squinting his eyes, and says, "It's Mycroft," as if that explains everything.
"I can't," John says finally, shutting his eyes, and the painful set of his mouth tempers some of Sherlock's anger, but not all, and he shakes his head, and then scratches his hands through his hair, turns away from John, and says softly, "Fine," and then again, even quieter, "Fine."
“You only had to ask,” Sherlock says.
"S'very kind of you t'say so," Sherlock says, his voice stretching the words out like taffy. His eyebrows go up and down as he tries, and fails, to keep his eyes open. John laughs weakly, knowing Sherlock won't remember his love confession, and that it's probably okay because John knows what's true, finally. The truth feels like kissing Sherlock, his tongue in Sherlock's mouth sliding together, literally hot and so fucking hot metaphorically. It feels like holding Sherlock's cock in his hand, the smooth, hot, soft, skin over hard,
Sherlock makes a dismissive sound, but nods in acknowledgement, before sitting down next to John. "You can fuck me on my back. Or I can be on top."
the truth.
"—I'll react the—okay,
"Look. At. Me."
Reality flexed.
"Stop what?" John asks after a moment of tense silence, and Sherlock says, without thinking, "Stop cockblocking me."
"You were in the army, so I thought you understood Dom/sub dynamics. I mean, that's all the bloody army is—one person giving the orders and another person either following the orders or
You gave me no reprieve
John doesn't see Gerald at first until Gerald leans around the back of the lounge chair he's lying in, a bottle of beer between his legs.
of bed," but then Sherlock pulls his left cheek to the side, and circles a lube-coated fingertip over John's anus, and John thinks that Sherlock might not be the only one coming in his pants (that he's not wearing).
Friday night, after he showers and eats, he sits in his chair staring at his phone and wishing Sherlock was here. He wants to text him, but they don't have an international texting plan and Sherlock hates to talk on the phone. John just wants to ask
—" even as it comes out of him coated in derision, it stings, "—everyone, and expose all your secrets, and then everyone will hate him."
John helps Sherlock out of his t-shirt and then puts his dressing gown around his shoulders and helps him stand. John pulls Sherlock's bottoms and pants down at the same time. Sherlock's hands are on John's shoulders. His desire to run his hands through John's hair is so strong that his jaw is clenched with the effort of resisting.
"Yeah, I was kind of unusual in that way," John agrees.
. John asks, "Er, so you, uh, what—want to wear stilettos and your Belstaff while we have sex?" Sherlock shakes his head quickly, still staring at his laptop, and then it hits John. "You want
Except then there's a forty-seven year old obese women who comes in with stomach,  shoulder, and back pain, and even though John knows that women's heart attack symptoms aren't as obvious as men's, he's too busy thinking about the fight last night to pay attention.
More than anything, John wanted to give Sherlock his most authentic self, and not just because Sherlock could tell if he was hiding something. He wanted the kinship, the feeling of home that he had with Sherlock and that required truth and openness, no matter how hard it was to talk about certain things.
"If we both agree, then we schedule an appointment for their first therapy session. During the first appointment, I only spend about fifteen minutes working them over. I have to pay very close attention with new clients. It takes at least five sessions for me to really get a grasp of what they can or can't handle. I use pretty mild instruments. There's nothing hardcore about what I do. I don't break the skin or anything."
And while Sherlock wasted those months trying to convince John he knew what he wanted, John's relationship with his boyfriend would be gaining more and more traction, making it harder and less likely Sherlock would get what he wanted. So Sherlock decides to lie. Well, he's just not going to tell
, Sherlock tries to say, but it's lost in a groan as John pulls the waistband of his pants under his balls, and then sucks each testicle into his mouth, poking his tongue at them, a vulgar bulge in his cheek.
"As far as pain management goes, every six hours I'll give you two dihydrocodeineone. Three hours after each dose of the codeine, I'll give you four hundred milligrams of ibuprofen. That way you're getting pain medication every three hours. The ibuprofen will help with your wrist, elbow, and shoulder as well. Right now, though, it's your ribs that are hindering your movement so much. I hate to wake you up at night to give you pain medicine, so I'll skip the ibuprofen at night, but I
"I do apologize for the dishonesty, John. It was necessary."
one died, like murderous Russian dolls. It was only after every layer was peeled back did we see the scope of Moriarty’s plan to destroy me. I'll give you one guess as to how he planned to do that. No?"
, John howling in laughter, his laughter fueling Gerald's laughter fueling John's laughter. John, so full of endorphins that he felt high, had to go stand in the kitchen to stop laughing, and when he came back, he knew he couldn't look Gerald in the eye or they would start up again.
When they loaded John onto the stretcher, Sherlock turned toward Lestrade, tears streaming down his face. Lestrade pulled him in for a quick hug before leading Sherlock to the ambulance, climbing in beside him.
“I thought- I thought I had lost you, John. Lost you, just so I could go out and get the
Now he’s kneeling on the floor, ripping through the debris covering the floor, hoping that John was somewhere in there, alive (please
Thank you all for reading!! I appreciate every single one of you, even if you're a ghost reader!! If you've been enjoying this, you might like to consider checking out my other stuff! Comments and Kudos keep me alive and well, so if you could drop some down for me, I'd really appreciate it <3
“Sherlock,” John said a little more firmly, but still quite softly. “Sherlock Holmes, I need you to look at me, okay?” Sherlock raised his head just enough to meet John’s eyes. His eyes were blank, numb, but still filled with indescribable sadness. “Good,” John praised, smiling at Sherlock. “What you’re going to do is give me a hug, the biggest hug you’ve ever given me, and then we’re going to wipe all those pesky tears away, and we’re going to save that little girl. We’re going to do it all, and you know what? That little girl will be so thankful that you saved her, I’ll bet you’ll get a hug from her too.” A little bit of Sherlock seemed to return to his eyes and he smiled wobbly at John before throwing his arms around John’s neck, pulling him in for a tight hug.
“No, leave him alone!” John yelled, his voice starting to shake with anger and unshed tears.
John felt the anger bubbling up under his skin, racing through his veins.
Lestrade pulled up to an abandoned warehouse, John and Mycroft getting out of the car as soon as he put it in park. They all looked at each other grimly as John pulled the ransom note out of his pocket, reading it over to make sure Mycroft had brought all the money they needed and that they were at the right place. Mycroft, skimming the note over John’s shoulder, nodding after double then triple counting the pile of cash in his hand. John, ever the soldier, straightened his spine and squared his shoulder before cautiously walking up the door of the warehouse. Mycroft and Lestrade followed close behind.
“If you ever want to see the people you love again, Mister Sherlock Holmes, I advise you to listen to me when I tell you that you need to stay quiet,” a gruff voice said in Sherlock’s ear as the man dragged him backwards and down the seventeen steps from Baker Street. Sherlock struggled even harder, trying to speak through the man’s fingers.
John’s eyes widened in horror as he dropped the tray of breakfast, barely registering the clattering and the shattering of the teapot that spilled hot tea all over the floor of Sherlock’s bedroom. Sherlock sat bolt upright out of bed, his eyes scanning the room in panic. “What happened, John? Are you alright?” Sherlock asked, his sleepy voice tinged with concern. When he noticed John’s unblinking stare, his clenched fists, his clenched jaw, he seemed to remember that his back was bare and John could see it. Could see the scars littering its surface. He quickly scrambled to a sitting position against the headboard of their bed, covering his chest with the blanket, effectively hiding his back from view once more. “John, I-”
“Torture,” he said quietly, looking away from John, clenching his fingers tightly around the blanket. “While I was… away, I got caught in Serbia. They wanted information. I didn’t want to give it to them. They kept me there for at least a month, nearly starving me to the point of death. Mycroft was there, but he didn’t help me escape until he knew it was completely safe.”
John Watson, of course, is a stubborn bastard of a man and, even in unconsciousness, will not listen to Sherlock Holmes.
A little bit later (seconds? Minutes? John couldn’t tell), he heard three quick thumps, and suddenly there was a worried voice, hands pressing everywhere over John’s body.
“Yes,” John said lowly, placing his other hand on Sherlock’s face, framing the pale, sharp, beautiful thing in his large, warm, tan hands. Sherlock continued babbling as if he hadn’t heard John’s answer.
Sherlock tensed before turning his face away from Watson, holding the paper out for him to grab. John took the paper carefully and folded it open carefully, glancing at Sherlock every so often. He curled himself up on the bed and started mumbling, “I’m so sorry John, I’m sorry I did this to you, this wasn’t supposed to happen,” over and over again.
Thank you all so much for reading!! I appreciate every single one of you so much!
John only sighed again and shook his head to get rid of the thoughts as the toaster popped. Those particular thoughts always tended to lurk near the back of his head, ready to jump to the forefront at any moment of distraction. He was used to it now, the empty pain that came with the reminder that he would never see Sherlock interact with him, the flat, or anyone else in their life ever again. Taking a small bite of toast and promptly ignoring the fact it was turning to ash in his mouth, John’s attention was drawn to the kettle clicking off, notifying him that it was ready. Toast forgotten at the moment, John stood up and prepared his tea efficiently, taking a sip and once again ignoring the way it nearly burned his mouth. It was all just a habit now, coming down to eat a breakfast of ashy-tasting toast and almost-burning tea.
“Sherlock. I told you, we can’t tell him,” a sharp voice said, effectively cutting Sherlock off. John was having trouble thinking, but even he could tell it was Mycroft by the way that Sherlock snarled at the man that John couldn’t see.
“We need an ambulance! There was a knife fight, John’s been cut across the thigh, they might have nicked his femoral artery!” Sherlock said before rattling off directions to where they were. John couldn’t feel anything except pain and the blood seeping steadily out of his leg, warmth blooming across his back and side where he was laying in his own blood.
This was a quick one, as I've been busy recently, but I hope you enjoyed it nonetheless! I certainly enjoyed writing it. As always, comments and Kudos are my lifeblood and can keep me going for days on end
“Now, is that any way to play this little game of ours?” He said, his voice lilting and threatening. Sherlock bared his teeth and threw his suitcase on the ground.
Rubbing his eyes and groaning, John watched the retreating shadows of five men with a blurry gaze, trying to push himself off the ground, urging himself to ignore the pain and follow them.
“Looks like you might be left with a bit of a nasty scar, though.” It was a simple throw away comment, but when Sherlock heard it, his head kicked into gear and threw him into doubt.
It sounded pitiful if he were being completely honest. There was a little bit of rustling, and on top of that, a low, sorrowful whine that droned on. It would stop for a few seconds, seconds that were full of labored breathing, and then would start up again, a pained sound that squeezed John’s heart in his chest. Low, rushed whispers interrupted the melancholy moans, but were gone a second later, whisked away by a shallow gasp and a sob. John pressed a hand to the door separating him from his tortured flatmate.
Sherlock finished it for him.
John had suspected it, could’ve guaranteed that it was about him, but hearing it from Sherlock’s own lips was different. It hurt, knowing that he was the source of sadness and pain in this man’s life at the moment. The man that he cared about the most, the person he needed the most in the world, the only one who had ever, or would ever, understand him fully and truly. That man was feeling pain because of him, and he would be damned if he didn’t hate the fact that Sherlock had been feeling like this so frequently because of him and hadn’t told him about it at all. Sherlock must have sensed his thoughts, for he squeezed John’s hand and tried to smile a fraction of an inch larger.
He reached out and put a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder before he could talk himself out of it, and he almost pulled back at the chill that was set on the sweaty skin.
“Sherlock, I’m coming in to check on you, okay?” John said, clenching his hand tightly around the now warm doorknob. He listened for a sign of discomfort in that, for some objections to John barging into his room. There was nothing. Labored breathing, occasionally interrupted by violent sobs or groans, was the only thing that John could hear. He took that as a sign that he was allowed to enter the room. Taking a deep breath, John looked up at the ceiling and hoped, prayed that Sherlock was okay. He turned the knob and creaked the door open at a slow speed, giving Sherlock time to change his mind in case he wanted.
to keep digging, keep digging), screams tearing through his throat (couldn’t tell what he was saying, words in his head were jumbling together, all he could think was John John
“You have a broken knee, and maybe even a broken shin. You can’t run like this,” John said, adrenaline starting to run rampant through his body.
He dressed quickly, trying to ignore the fact that, despite forcing himself to eat three meals a day, he was still slowly losing weight. The idea of going to the gym had been looming in his mind for the past few weeks, for he was starting to feel that familiar itch to gain back all of the muscle mass he had lost, but he never seemed to make time for it, letting it slip from his mind until the moments he was too busy to do anything about it. Sighing again, John brushed his teeth before taking some painkillers for his still-throbbing head. Shrugging his coat on, he took one last look around the flat for that morning before heading out the door for his short walk to work.
“My best is no longer good enough.”
Thank you all so much for reading! This one was pretty quick, so it isn't the best, but I hope you enjoyed it nonetheless! Comments and Kudos are my lifeblood
The last thing he hears is Sherlock’s scream.
“She’s in danger, John,” Sherlock said, his voice muffled slightly by John’s chest. “She’s in danger, and here I am, struggling my way through this case because I can’t seem to think. I’m exhausted, my muscles want to give up but I can’t seem to stop moving, stop thinking, stop worrying. I’m hungry, but everytime I try to eat I feel so nauseous that it’s better if I just ignore the hunger. I’m-” his voice started wavering and he pulled himself impossibly closer to John, his body starting to tremble. “I’m a mess. A failure,” he whispers, nearly too quiet to be heard.
“Christ Sherlock, have a little sympathy!” John shouted, pushing himself angrily out of his chair. “I’ve nearly lost you so many times, I thought I was going to lose you because of that stupid case we just had! I do not want to sit here and listen to you ask me to kill you! And quite frankly, I don’t care if you meant it as a joke, because this is not the time to joke about me killing you!” Sherlock’s lip curled up into a sneer.
“I know, but we’ll get through it together.”
Sherlock was on his knees, digging through rubble with bleeding hands (he didn’t care,
“Who the hell are you?” The man says, his hands trembling. Sherlock sighs again and stands up, walking slowly towards John, his hands up slightly in front of him.
“But Sherlock-”
“I’ve been… thinking about retiring.”
“Why should I stop? He’s a coward, a dishonest man-”
His eyes skimmed over the flat as they usually did in the morning, taking in the place he had been unable to let go of after his friend died. He knew, deep down, that this was him trying too hard to grasp at strings that were quickly being pulled just a hair out of his reach. No matter how far he reached up to them, he couldn’t quite grasp them, could only feel his fingers brushing tantalizingly over the frayed edges.
“Oh shut up, you’re happy for us,” John said, getting a snort out of Lestrade as the man brought his pint up to his lips. Turning back to Sherlock, John smiled to himself when he saw Sherlock inspecting the mystery drink once more, sniffing at it carefully. “What are you doing, ‘Lock?” John asked, leaning closer to him, enjoying the light blush on his cheeks that lingered from their quick kiss.
He pushed the door open silently with his hip, his eyes skimming quickly over Sherlock before moving to place the tray on his desk. He froze, however, and looked back over to Sherlock squinting in confusion.
” Sherlock hissed as John started to disinfect the wound. He took in a heaving breath, then continued. “I didn’t think he’d bring help with him either. They put up a good fight and one of them even managed to stick me in the leg, as you can see.” John nodded, pulling out a needle and some nylon thread.
Thank you all for reading! This one was a quick one, and it isn't my favorite, but I hope you guys don't mind!
Now he was on the floor in pain, tables and broken glass scattered on the floor around him as he slumped against the wall, holding his chest tightly, fairly certain that at least two of his ribs were broken. He shifted a little bit but then decided against it when he felt a large shard of glass digging itself into his thigh.
Sherlock tried to push all of that out of his mind as he sat the bowl down and wrung the cloth out, preparing to put it on John’s forehead. As he turned, he noticed John’s eyes were wide open and staring at the corner of the bedroom. His heart sunk.
John slammed the door of one of Mycroft’s fancy cars shut and sprinted towards a building, internally cursing to himself the whole way.
“You didn’t fail her, Sherlock,” John said, gripping Sherlock’s forearms much like Sherlock had gripped Greg’s just seconds before. “She’s still out there, she can still be saved, we can do this, we just-”
He did notice, however, when Sherlock wasn’t back in five minutes. Six. Seven.
, John thought, his heart soaring.
Rushing onto the scene of the crime, John looked around frantically, running his hands through his hair for the nth time, the strands sticking up wildly, reflecting his emotional state quite well. Lestrade ran up behind him seconds later, panting heavily, eyes scanning the scene along with John’s.
“GET OUT!” John shouted, his eyes cloudy.
Something about the crime scene had felt uneasy to Sherlock. The murder was pretty cut and dry, and Sherlock wrapped it up pretty quickly, but there was still something off. He felt one presence too many, an extra set of eyes roaming around over them all. It was a hard feeling to shake off, but he finally did, thinking that he was just paranoid.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John,” Sherlock mumbled suddenly, color and heat rising to his cheeks, “would you- would you, um. . . Christ, this is hard.” Sherlock’s eyebrows knitted together, his eyes still closed and his head still resting in John’s hand. Just looking at Sherlock, John could tell his mind was racing, trying to come up with the right words to say what he needed to. John just waited patiently, caressing his thumb softly over Sherlock’s reddened cheekbone. Sherlock’s thin, pale hands clutched at John’s wrist, holding it in place. John hadn’t been planning on moving it, but he wasn’t complaining. After a few minutes of silence, Sherlock blurted, “Will you stay with me tonight?” Before John could stop himself, he answered.
, his mind seethed,
For now.
,” Sherlock said, bowing his head over John’s body. He realized, though, that John was still stuck and threw himself back into removing the rubble with renewed vigor.
All traces of exhaustion gone, Sherlock stands up, fighting back tears, and rushes to the bathroom, throwing the door shut behind him. John, still standing confused in the living room, goes over and presses his hand up against the door. “Sherlock?”
“Good morning, sleeping beauty!” He said, the tone of his voice enough to make John shudder involuntarily.
“Well, little Sherlock realized something quite quickly: he had feelings for this Trevor kid, and suddenly nothing was okay anymore,” Mycroft said quietly, backing Sherlock into a chair where the detective collapsed, giving in to his urge to curl in on himself. “He was okay with the deduction, the quick thinking, and how it set him apart from his peers. But being gay was just a little too much for him, a little too different. He didn’t need another way to become an outcast, did he?” Mycroft asked, receiving no answer from the ball of detective on the chair.
if John accounts for the fact that most of Sherlock's mouth is twisted to the side and pressed into the pillow.
Last night, he hadn't really paid attention to anything Sherlock was saying. His body, and therefore his mind, were entirely focused on what Sherlock was
"When did they start delivering?"
"There's still much to go over, Sherlock," Mycroft says, standing and taking up his umbrella. "I know this is overwhelming, but the press conference is less than two weeks from now, and we have to get it right. Your reputation—"
, he's behind you, and I'm broken too tired and sad to save you." Sherlock's voice wavers, thick and foggy, and John sees the streamers of bloody saliva that bubble up out of Sherlock's lips as his voice shivers and jumps and his body shakes, and John wants to kneel in front of Sherlock, and pull him into his arms, and brush his thick, beautiful hair off his beautiful, gorgeous, sweaty forehead, and wipe the bloody saliva away with gentle fingers, and hold him in his arms, and rock him, because this man is
to be true or real.
John chuckled. He'd forgotten Sherlock's naivete when it came to human social interactions. After all, the first time he'd communicated with another person was Tuesday and that was only two days ago.
When John and Gerald stood side by side, nobody would look at them and be able to say one was more dominant than the other, not without getting to know them. Even then, outside of the bedroom there was very little power differential.
the night he came home, and his terrible blunder the next day when he told John he was in love with him.
Mycroft favors each of them with a glare in turn, looking like nothing so much as a stern headmaster lecturing his two favorite, but most troublesome, pupils.
When he's aroused, though, the clear timbre of Gerald's voice changes to a hoarser version and, though it still lacks the rumble Sherlock's had, John has a Pavlovian response to that coarser tone. After ten days of deprivation, he's rock hard upon hearing the words spoken in that voice.
Sherlock stands carefully, about to head for his—
Something flickered in Sherlock's eyes and the hairs all over John's body stood up. He didn't dare lean closer to peer in Sherlock's eyes because he was afraid he knew what he would find. Sherlock tilted his head and John froze.
"I do want you," John says, and waits.
old. But I don't mind. I love you just as you are."
with him—I mean, that's gonna happen, right?
Sherlock died;
Sherlock flips the file closed and slides it onto the table. He stares at his shaking hands. It will be weeks before they stop shaking.
. Before today."
"But you don't think you are," John said.
Sherlock tucked his face into John's neck and his voice came out muffled. "But you're going to be gone for so many hours and I won't even be able to talk to you with my mind. What if our connection breaks?"
The first time he has Gerald in the flat, John realizes that he absolutely cannot have sex with Gerald (or anyone) in Sherlock's bed. Instead, they stay in John's old room among the boxes of Sherlock's scientific equipment, the prints and decorations from Sherlock's room, and the (many) boxes of his clothes. When John explains why they're not sleeping in the first-floor bedroom, Gerald laughs.
The driver glanced up at him, still frowning but John could see the beginning of panic in his eyes. When John lurched towards him, he fled, leaving the door open.
. He rocks back on his heels, and smiles at Sherlock, preening.
But anyone looking at John and Sherlock would assume Sherlock held the power in the relationship. John imagines that people look at the two of them and wonder why a man like Sherlock—brilliant, gorgeous, sharply dressed—would be with a man like John. Sometimes, when he's particularly afraid, John wonders the same thing. Because Sherlock does hold a little more power in their relationship. Here's a truth John's mind shies away from—when Sherlock confessed his kink, the look John's rejection put on Sherlock's face made him feel—however momentarily—illicitly powerful.
"He was attempting to solicit sex from my boyfriend," John says.
Mycroft's smile was a knife. "That's only an estimate ."
"Yes, it matters! I know you, John Watson, and I know you would never cheat on Gerald—or anyone else for that matter—unless it was with someone extremely important to you! Was it someone from your past? A
Afterwards, John goes to the staff room and splashes some water on his face in the loo.
"I don't know how to trust you," John says, and pulls his lips in over his teeth. He shakes his head, and Sherlock watches in dismay as John gets off the bed and makes for the door.
"God, how could they stand it? Sherlock wasn't back a day before we, well—you know that story."
Sherlock refuses to talk to John for the entire ride back to their flat.
John took out the bottle of liquid pain medicine and drew up a dose into the syringe. He was quite good at guessing weight just by look so he was confident the dosage was correct. And anyway, better to give him too much than not enough or it negated the use of medicine in the first place. He bent over Sherlock. "Open up."
*REMEMBER: Be honest in your journal! Behavior modification doesn’t work if you lie about achieving your goals. I get paid either way.
John settles his hand on Sherlock's knee, and Sherlock's heart cracks open. The blackness seeps out, every dark bit of it. He closes his eyes against the rush of emotions.
When John wakes on Monday morning, he calls into work and tells them he won't be in that night after all.
"Jealous of who?" Sherlock asked.
"Yeah, I did. Just not sure how sucking him off in an alley for a tenner helps you gather information," John says, deadpan, checking the safety is on one last time.
need that can't be found anywhere except from someone who knows about dragons. And if something happens—like with this teething business—I can't even run out and get you something because I can't leave you by yourself."
bed—"
"But you're saying that, since I saw you last, you haven't 1) put on clothes; 2) eaten anything; or 3) slept?"
There will never be enough words to express my gratitude towards the women who supported me through this whole process. I've thanked them over and over again, but I'm pretty sure there aren't enough thanks in the world to do them justice. I thought there would be a point past which they would just not put up with me another second, but that point would come and go and, miraculously, they didn't abandon me. They've enriched my life and helped me become a better fan by drawing me even deeper into the rabbit warren that is the Sherlock fandom, a place I never thought I would be. Ever. Like, the forever never ever type of "never." Before March of 2017, I didn't even realize there was a difference between a "fan" and a "fandom fan" because I didn't even know there was something called "fandom." (There are many, many terms I didn't know before I got sucked into this fandom, including a plethora of acronyms. Thank god for the fanlore wiki.)
Sherlock ignored him, so John walked over and snapped the lid shut on the computer. Standing there, he could see Sherlock cradling his partially hard cock in his right hand. He looked up at John in outrage. "Why did you do that?"
John laughed. "Okay, okay!" He stood up and stepped to the crate and peered into the hole Sherlock had made in his shell. What he saw was mostly shadow—the eggshell was too thick to let in any light. "I can't see anything Sherlock. It's too—"
me. I can't
"What were you beaten with?"
"For argument's sake, though—" John says, and Sherlock groans using the entirety of his upper body to highlight his irritation. John's cheeks flush. He hates it when Sherlock responds to him as though he's just so
- not only observing Gerald but also observing how John himself feels about Gerald. He lets himself imagine kissing Gerald’s full lips, brushing his hair behind his ear, tucking his fingers inside the waist of Gerald’s trousers.
Sherlock had watched all of this with wide-eyed fascination. Then he turned and looked at John with a speculative air that made John nervous. Before John could react, Sherlock darted forward and kissed John on the cheek. When he pulled back, his face was bright with triumph.
"When did they start delivering?"
It's quite another to watch it happening in front of you."
and you let him—did any of that cross your mind? Did you even
He helped Sherlock clamber over the edge and into the tub, whereupon Sherlock screeched and growled exactly like a cat who'd been dumped into the bath. Quickly, John dropped his pants and stepped into the tub, sliding down before Sherlock could catch a glimpse of any of his—private bits.
? He's clearly a baby whisperer."
John's cryptic text two hours ago was the last Sherlock heard from him. Sherlock has sent him a dozen texts since and received nothing. He even
John usually does the night shift Sunday through Wednesday, but that was before Sherlock came back. (This is the third time Sherlock has divided his life into
"Indeed. Listen, how long will it take before we arrive?"
emotionally. Clearly, Sherlock is confused, and John needs to convey that ASAP.
"What's his name?" she asks, but when John opens his mouth and starts shaking his head, she interrupts him. "Never mind, forget I asked. Look—do you love this man?"
know?" John asks, his voice trailing off into the other room.
"Then take me," John says, his voice coming out sleepy-sexy, his hand dragging down Gerald's waist and then over the swell of his hip and back up his waist again.
"Wages, too?" John cried.
. "Fine," John snaps.
Then, Sunday evening when John comes home from work, he barely has time to close the door before Sherlock crowds him against the door, drops to his knees and sucks John off quick and dirty, swallowing when John comes. (John gripes at him afterwards about not using a condom, and Sherlock reminds him it isn't
"It was someone I thought I'd never see again. He'd, uh—moved out of the country, and I thought it was permanent, but then he came back unexpectedly."
"I understand," Sherlock rushes to say. And he does understand, but he doesn't have to like it.
"Anything else I need to know about before I do my exam?"
"John, this is—please try to be understanding with him," Mycroft says carefully. "I don't want to betray his trust by telling you what he's hiding."
John lowers the paper into the folder and looks at Gerald, who's watching him with an uncertain look on his face.
Sherlock grabs a pillow and props it behind his head. He closes his eyes and tilts his head back, suddenly exhausted. His eyes prick with tears.
to your care."
Occasionally, Sherlock would fall asleep without warning, right in the middle of whatever he was saying or doing. It was frightening the first time, but every time after that, John couldn't help but laugh when it happened.
"You hit me!" Sherlock's hurt turned quickly to outrage. "You can't hit me!"
John makes for the shower while Sherlock's distracted by brotherly staring contest between himself and Mycroft.
he is! Have you been to see him?"
John smiles around Sherlock's dick, which is stained green through the thin material of the condom, and Sherlock wants to make a zombie joke, but John's tongue is somehow working its way underneath Sherlock's foreskin
," John muttered, with a fierceness that shocked him a little, hearing it spoken out loud like that.
"Agh!" John shouted, reaching up to rub it off his face. "You've wiped your nasty food all over my face! Sherlock, look, you can't just wind your tail around me like this. It makes me feel like I'm being restrained."
, let you think he was dead! I was
“Nothing major.”
"It's a, uh—like a giant lizard with wings."
"Stop that," Sherlock hisses at him. "You're acting like an impatient child."
"Your commanding officers and the politicians and the pundits like to say that we fight for our country or for the plight of a people or to stop a tyrant. The truth, though, is that, on the ground, you're really fighting for yourself and the men to your right and left. You're fighting to keep them alive, even the ones who drive you mad or piss you off. Even the ones you may have had a bit of a punch or two with. When you go out onto the field of battle, though, you're not one person against these other guys, you're all one unit, all of you together. You fight to live and that sometimes means you kill someone before they kill you."
"Sorry," Sherlock mumbles, and tries to wrap himself back up, but his erection pokes out anyway, trying to communicate its love to John.
"Which pain?"
Lately, my writing has had very little to no angst. I don't know why that's happened, but, quite frankly, I miss writing angst. It takes effort to write comedy, but tragedy flows through me so effortlessly. Maybe that's why I've picked up my metaphorical pen to once again bring the rest of this story to those of you who followed along with me. I confess I'm rusty so this chapter feels a little awkward, but it's part of the story, however clunky and short it may be.
"Yeah, well, turn your focus to something other than giving me that look."
“Right, right,” John murmurs, nodding his head. “So then, it’s men you, uh, fancy?”
For ninety seconds, he watches Sherlock, but Sherlock's eyes stare right through him, even though they appear to be tracking something behind him, and John turns around as though something is actually
"I woke you," Sherlock says hoarsely. They're still holding onto each other, heads pressed together.
Don't hate me, but I gave you my honest feedback about the breakup. I wanted it to be messier and have more anger from Gerald. I love that Gerald wants to be friends again, but I think that should come later. The "I'm so angry with you I can't look at you" type of response is more what I wanted from Gerald. I feel so heartbroken for Gerald that I want to see more of his rage. We've got the shock factor. I love his reaction to the MAgic Bullet being returned. I would cry harder of Gerald is angrier and John a sad, wretched mess. I want them to be friends later and repair everything later, but right now I want PAIN! HAHAHAHA! I'm cruel. Anyway, that's what will get me to cry and cry hard.
"I can pick up the prescriptions tomorrow morning and I'll pick up what you need from the shops, too. Write a list for me. I'll grab it when I get there. Okay?"
John licks his lips and nods. Sherlock sucks on John's throat and continues to lightly tease John's cock with his fingers as he speaks.
and John had said
"Yeah, I figured all that on my own, Gerald! I'm not an idiot."
"Breathe, John," Gerald says. "I'm just saying—what would it really cost you?"
Sherlock is laughing, too, but he stands up, naked, and says, imperiously, "I have to go wash my hands."
to which Sherlock doesn't respond, although his fingers hover over the keypad of his phone for too long before he finally switches off the screen and sets it on the bedside table.
"That's not—I'm not comfortable having anal sex with you. Just yet," says John with a grimace.
John palms his face. "Oh, God, I hope he doesn't want me to wear women's underwear."
John speaks, his voice coming out unsteady. "We need to talk."
"Well, within the next two months," John says, his lips tipping up on one side. Sherlock can see him holding in his amusement.
“I can’t. I’ve just arrived from London today and the airline lost my luggage,” Sherlock says, the lie fabricated on the spot in case he decides not to go home with Blaine tonight. “I don’t even have a toothbrush.”
They're both staring at the suspect across the way where he sits in the back of the ambulance, an orange blanket around his shoulders, handcuffs around his wrists and a glare on his face, though he wisely avoids eye contact. The paramedic who's supposed to be tending to his smashed-up cheek and split lip is chatting up the new Detective Constable under Lestrade.
Sherlock shouts, "Piss off, Mycroft!" and wraps his dressing gown around John, pulling their messy midsections together, and John glances furtively at Mycroft, hoping his eyes are averted. Mycroft is staring at the ceiling, his head tilted so far back the tendons are straining, and then says, "I'll be waiting in the sitting room. I trust the two of you will be hasty in making yourselves presentable. Greg is on his way."
Sherlock feels the unpleasant, greasy weight of guilt settling in his stomach, but he can't be
knowing something, especially if he
Gerald walks around to the other side of the bed. John can hear Gerald pulling something heavy out from under the bed. A box is opened and John hears the thud of something small, but heavy, and the clink of a chain—much heavier than a chain you'd wear around your neck, but still very fine. It makes a tinkling noise. Then a cuff is fastened around John's left wrist, there’s a tug, and the delicate clink of the chain—John can't see, only feel—and then another cuff around his right wrist, the sound of the chain, the tug of it going through a ring on the cuff and then his wrists are pulled down towards the floor and attached to something.
John was immediately wide awake. "No, no, no! It doesn't for humans so it shouldn't for dragons!"
, and Him the Egg laughed at John's embarrassment.
John kneels down and undoes the button and zip on Gerald's cargo trousers. Gerald lifts his hips without being told to and John tugs his trousers down so very slowly, trailing his fingertips as he goes, before dropping them behind him with Gerald's shirt. He never takes his eyes off of Gerald's. John wants him to know he's being conquered. Gerald is now laid out on the bed in nothing but his white cotton pants, already damp with Gerald's arousal. It's a beautiful sight. It's so much easier to tell whether a man is turned on, John realizes, although John would never wish that women were
"I don't think I can," Sherlock says. "Go back to sleep, that is."
"Oh, is that right? You expect me to just accept your word after you came strolling uninvited into my flat with your fancy umbrella and your brainless thugs and
"Ah," John says, nodding his head as though he expected that answer. He's frowning, though.
," Sherlock says, with a sneer.
John turned to Sherlock whose eyes were closed. He was frowning. "I think so," Sherlock said.
It turns out Sherlock was right about Zivko being related to someone important. He's Zoran Brankovich's son. Because of Zivko's suicide and the resultant furor, Mycroft is able to pinpoint Sherlock's location.
Sherlock goes into the kitchen to help John lay out the food. They work together in silence, their bodies comfortable in close quarter even if their hearts are divided. When they sit down at the table, they eat in silence for several long moments. Sherlock surreptitiously watches John, whose eyes never rise above the level of his plate. Sherlock endures the weighted atmosphere until he feels sick with uncertainty, and can't stand the silence any longer.
that you could love him, but not me. So, I—I just wanted to grab what I could while your pity for me would mean you wouldn't stop me. I didn't
John stares at Sherlock for a moment, and Sherlock can see, playing out in John's eyes, the idea of making a fuss about it, what he's likely to gain, realizing he doesn't want to, and making the decision not to.
Leaving burning wreckage in the path behind me
Two thirds very minor angst (I
At Gerald's flat, John helps Gerald into the sitting room, removes his trousers, and makes an icepack for his knee. He hands out two paracetamols with a glass of water and then gets on his knees and delivers the promised blowjob. Gerald declares John's technique for giving head a cure for his banged-up knee. Then John orders Thai and they watch telly, curled up together on the couch. John changes his icepack out a few times until the swelling goes down. John takes Gerald to bed, opens him up with his steady and gentle doctor's fingers. John turns them on their sides so Gerald doesn't have to bend his knee. As he pushes into Gerald's body, he says
"No, I meant, is he
is right for me, or for us. There's an
The urge to hold onto that memory, no matter how bizarre, flashed over him. John grabbed it without thinking and gently—so gently—coaxed it back into safety. The fish hook tugged again; John jerked—both in and outside of his mind and then the line snapped, leaving the memory in his grasp.
"It's okay," John says and Sherlock knows it's not a platitude—he genuinely means it.
He gets Sherlock downstairs, and the both of them in the shower, and washes them clean of all the bodily fluids—blood, saliva, vomit,
and then he lays the second towel over his lap. He sets some things down on the towel and asks Gerald to hold them (
"I beg your pardon!" Sherlock snaps, bristling with indignation.
Friday morning, Sherlock stays in bed until John leaves for work. John texts him an hour later and asks
to feel like going through hell counts as something to John, even though it meant losing Gerald.
—because some bastard
that explanation makes me feel."
"Well, the therapy room is just there," he nods at the two doors they passed while keying in the code. "This door leads to my bedroom and bathroom. I suppose it seems a bit excessive but  after having a few clients, who are now
After he gets off the phone with Mycroft, John goes upstairs and sorts through the boxes of Sherlock's things he and Mrs. Hudson kept. He brings out four of the oldest button-down shirts he can find, ones he thinks Sherlock won't mind being stained by the greasy anti-fungal cream. While he's there he grabs the seven pairs of pajama bottoms he finds, as well as several pairs of cashmere socks.
The man isn't much taller than John, maybe an inch or two. He's got dark brown hair and pale skin. He reminds John a little of Moriarty and John shudders. He's even got those delicate features that Moriarty had – he's almost pretty.
"There's at least three things you just said that I find incredibly insulting," John says breathlessly, his hands only touching Sherlock by the slightest graze of his thumbs against Sherlock's tucked up calves.
He didn't question why he was talking to an egg. After all, the army
"I like battered and used.
John stops talking at the glazed look in Sherlock's eyes so he tries a different tactic.
Gerald looks so happy to see him when he answers the door, that John's heart stutters and he feels his composure crumbling. Gerald's hair is up in the charmingly haphazard topknot he usually wears at home, or when he's working.
