The man behind the counter looked up. "Oh, of course. Yikes..."
Peter did feel quick relief. Even his small, shaky movements in his hand didn't hurt so much anymore.
"Well, I do, but Dr. Strange can't really do stiches very well anymore."
Peter woke slowly, three fingers were missing from his left hand, blood on the arm of the chair dripped to the floor.
She held her final pose, unflinchingly. The applause was polite, except for one man who let out a very loud wolf whistle and a woot-woot two rows in front of Tony. Which wasn't exactly appropriate, but Tony could sympathize with having pride in a child. Maggie bowed as the applause died a little, then she stood up and the lights dimmed.
"We can g-go home?" She asked, looking between him and Strange.
"Oh, yeah, I told you, I gave her a way to get ahold of Spiderman...well and me. Wait, is she calling Spiderman or Peter?"
"Okay, wanna show me?" Peter pulled down his mask, moved the tray to the side and stood up.
"Yeah, oddly enough, they did. Was expecting my friend, not two random people I fought once, but hey...that's life, huh?" She glared at him.
Maggie looked up at Peter and nodded. "No danger in this room... I can tell." Slowly, she stood, her gaze was still on the floor, but she stood. "Nice to meet you, Captain Rogers. I'm sorry about my reaction. I don't mean to offend."
"I'm all about compliance." Peter raised his hands, glad his webshooters weren't showing. If this wasn't about spiderman he didn't want to out his identity. "But I'd really like to know what's up."
"Not too long. Long enough to have control of myself, I didn't like being away from home, though." She looked up at Tony. "How do you know about that place?"
Happy snorted up front. "Lay eggs? What's with kids these day?" Apparently, Ned's questions had broken through Happy's earlier anxiety.
"D-Dr. Strange..." She collapsed forward. Her body giving out all at once.
"He pinned me down and I wasn't strong enough to get him off me. I need to know how to do that."
"Captain Rogers is five minutes out." JARVIS said.
Maggie limped forward two steps, then held out her left hand.
"Why not?"
Strange sat down in the office. They were going to sort this right now. He would not be having this again. His daughter had been in agony for hours because these people hadn't allowed her her medication. He was not going to be kind. He could hear the principal talking to a woman in the office.
Liar. She DID know. She'd SEEN it. Fury burned in him. He grabbed her by her throat, lifted her from the ground and slammed her against the wall. "Wanna try that again?"
She followed him, clinging to his shirt.
"Could Banner bend them enough to get him out?" Tony asked, then let out a grunt.
It was frustrating.
"It's okay. God knows I've ended up in this bed more than you have. I know you're being careful." Steve whispered.
Steve was less recognizable, compared to Tony anyway. So he put on a hat and headed to the school the next day. He made his way to the office and sat down, waiting. A woman walked into the office and jolted.
Maggie nodded, feeling useless. Then she saw red of danger surround her and Iron Man. She ducked under a kick then stood. Her body glowed green as she assessed what was happening.
Maggie nodded.
Peter laughed and turned to Ned. "Look, just...chill. I'll explain it later." He promised Ned.
"Yeah, same size room, looks different every time. They have some sort of power...making nightmares come to life. I can't tell what the actual room looks like." Tony shook his head. "Can't cross-reference it with anything because I don't know what's real and what isn't." Tony rubbed his face.
"You do okay?" Vanessa asked.
"Go, go, go."
"'kay." She took another piece of ice. Her eyes fell closed, then shot open. "P-Peter?"
"I'm bored. It's like the bad guys took a day off! I read the baddie manual and this day off wasn't in it. Is this a holiday I don't know about?" Peter wondered.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter shook her. "Nat, don't hurt my dad." He knew it was a risk, outing his dad's identity. But Nat was the only one who knew Peter was Spiderman. She was the only one who'd know the significance.
"Chestplate. We need to get it off. The power source will be behind it. Yank that and we stop him."
"He lies! He just sucks at Smash."
"My heart just stopped." Tony huffed again.
"Well, I'm usually around, don't be afraid to call me." Peter nodded.
"Ugh!" Maggie banged her head against the wall. "I wasn't even in dancing shape! I WASN'T IN POINTE FOR SWAN LAKE!!! NOOOO! That's awful. I'm going to look like a noob." Maggie huffed.
"Can beauty come out of ashes?"
"Martin, right?" Beck asked, then smiled. "She's been very naughty. Help us with the transfer then do whatever you want with her...just dump the body somewhere inconspicuous when you're done."
"We-"
"Woah..." Maggie's eyes widened at the shapes on the page. "It looks like something out of FMA."
"Sounds like Wade." She sighed. "Sorry." She pulled her phone from her pocket and answered it. "Hello?"
"Maggie...I don't know what to say."
"Yeah...just takes time." He pulled him a little bit closer.
Steve smiled at the unconscious girl before his eyes returned to Peter's tear-stained face. "She's a good kid."
"To keep people reading." Strange laughed. "Pop quiz. Who is Ophelia?"
"I won't. I've got you. I won't let go." He promised and the cloak of levitation slipped from his shoulders and twisted around her, gentle. He freed one hand and dropped the man on the floor through a portal to deal with later. Then he turned and headed back. His eyes darted down. The far side of her head...didn't look right. It was hard to tell under the blood in her hair how much damage was done...was her skull faintly glowing green?
"Always." Steve answered and stepped behind Tony and reached around him, guiding his hands. "Like this, darlin'. Fold, push, turn. Fold, push, turn." Steve let go of Tony's hands and watched him work. "Much better." He praised before grabbing flower and sprinkling some on the granite counter. "Keep going."
Tony's phone buzzed and he lowered his hand to pick it up. His forehead creased.
"You watch Doctor Who?" Strange asked, looking over his shoulder at the girl who was still lagging behind. He slowed his pace a little more. Her leg had to ache.
"Quickly, J. Hate to push you on this one, but...quick would be good."
"Sir is going to be fine." JARVIS said as soothingly as an AI could. "He's in stable condition. Captain Rogers simply didn't want you out and about...it seems he too is under some stress. Just keep breathing, Peter. Everything's fine."
During the reception, Peter hung out with Ned, watching as Steve and Tony and all the others danced.
"I not just talking about the training, though Wade agrees that you and him could both step up more in that manner." Vanessa sighed. "Look. She's a troubled kid. Not in a bad way, it's not her fault or anything. Wade and I both come from...dysfunctional backgrounds."
"That's amazing." Peter grinned back. She really was a strong girl. Amazing. "I saw it! The whole thing turned green. I knew you were up to something."
"Get the fuck off me!" The girl screeched and fought. She nearly threw him off, but he shifted his weight over her center of gravity to keep her down. Her eyes were wide, full of terror and the gloss of tears. She fought harder, to get him off, her breath coming in frightened pants. Clint noticed her cheeks were round. That didn't make sense. A girl as trim as her didn't usually have such a round face. The girl was almost exclusively muscle, yet her face was round.
Peter hoped he could use some of that money to help fund making his power sources. They could help out a lot for people who didn't have electricity. He wanted to start with the homeless shelters and half-way houses in New York though. He knew what those were like. The half-way house he'd been sent to hadn't had reliable electricity.
She folded her body up as close to the corner as possible, then she pulled her arms forward so they were tied in front of her body instead of behind her. Her fingernails were broken and the ends of her fingers were bloody from scratching the brick out of the wall. She'd have to be quiet about this. Even if they weren't watching her, they'd still hear her if she screamed. She turned her head, the movement made her see stars for a moment, but she took a deep breath and bit her shirt between her teeth. It was going to hurt, she just had to hold back her noises as best as possible.
"If you want you can take a shower."
"I'm not leaving." Ned retorted.
"Let's go this way. Stick close, act cool dude." The sidewalk was crowded, but Peter could tell there was someone with ill-intent in the crowd. Nat had taught him to be weary of crowds. They were useful, in that there were witnesses, but also scary, because people don't pay attention. She'd taught him with a rubber knife just how easy it could be to kill someone in a crowd and get away before anyone knew what happened.
Strange let out a laugh and nodded. "Yeah, probably." He took a breath. "The injured area was about that big." He traced a spot on his own skull. "Your skull was fractured, my guess is repetitive trauma. The last hit is what caused the bone to...well give up. Your powers reacted fast, kept everything still for a while." He blinked away glossiness in his eyes. "They slowed it down enough to keep you functioning. But they did give up and...everything resumed at full force. Thankfully, you were with me at that point. We did surgery very quickly after that. Four hours of it."
"Unfortunately." Tony pouted as he continued to work on the bread.
Where was he?
"Bye." Steve hung up as the arguing began on the other line. "Well, they're getting along." He drove to their usual place and got out of the car. He headed in and waved up at the lady at the counter who was very used to Avengers showing up for big orders. She nodded and ducked into the back. He heard her warn the cook that a large order was about to come in, then she came back and continued with the order she was taking in front of her. Steve leaned against the wall and waited his turn. As he did, he lifted his phone and smiled at the text from Peter.
'I suppose you will both be on top of that?'
"So, ya'll gonna hyphena-ate?"
Peter grinned. "Machine washable, darling." He said in an Edna voice.
"I'm her father." Strange corrected, not at all liking this man's tone. "And yesterday I learned that you aren't letting my daughter carry her medicine."
"But Cape-y responds to Cape-y." Maggie protested and yes...she'd managed to get the Cloak of Levitation, a powerful magical relic to respond...to Cape-y.
"Strange." Hamir responded. His eyes narrowed and he looked at Maggie, tilting his head to the side. Then he looked at Strange. "She needs control."
-If lost, please return to Tony Stark.-
Strange nodded. "I will be." He had to be. But when she opened her eyes. He'd feel a lot better.
Hello again, everyone. Trying to make up for all the lost time here. Doing pretty okay so far. I think... Maybe.
"Yeah, well, at least I have a decent alias."
"How many baddies did we get?" Tony asked over comms.
"Love you too... Can you tell dad I'm sorry?"
"It's not like that." Peter frowned. He did like her, more than a friend. He did think she was cute. But it was...complicated. He knew she had something bad in her past. He didn't want to overstep any of her boundaries. And it didn't seem she liked him like that. He didn't want to ruin their friendship with his feelings. And he certainly didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable. "She doesn't like me like that."
"Poor thing. Didn't get to really see her or work on her, specialist did that." Christine put her paperwork down. "Poor small thing must've had her head bashed in. Nurse said she looked near dead."
Tony straightened by Peter's side. "Tall, brown hair, beard? What else did he look like?"
"Yeah. I did."
"How does that even work?" Peter asked.
He didn't have anything against 'America's Patriot' nor did he have anything against the kid. It wasn't personal. No. Only Stark's connection to them made them usable.
"Ribs and leg will be about a week. Then I'll suggest light activity for the four days after it."
Wade was there.
Strange made a face.
"Yes, I'm allowed to make that decision. Well, that's what happens when I'm the controlling owner of SI shares." Tony's voice was it's usual sarcastic bite. Then it was like a cloud fell over his face. And Peter understood exactly how good a businessman his dad was. "You should have thought about that a while ago. Our business is over." Tony hung up the phone. "Well, that's the last of the old BoDs."
"Girl's got bite. I like her." Clint said it loud enough that hopefully the frightened child heard him. He really didn't want to hurt her. He just wanted to stop her. "I'll get up there. Let's get this bastard, finally."
"You gotta stop calling me that." Peter sat down, swinging his feet across from her.
The spider-boy fell and actually landed on his feet. Strange mentally congratulated him. Most people ended up face first, especially after falling for a good few minutes.
I keep trying to write action and my brain goes.... NOPE, here's some character background. Have fun.
He wasn't conscious when his body hit the floor.
Strange sighed. "I don't know. I was in surgery with you and I haven't left since. I don't know if they've got him yet. But you sent his parents to him. You did good."
"No. Spiderman-" Tony blanked for a moment on the girl's codename. "Spiderman, Reset, stand down. Get out of the way." His comms crackled, not working. He felt like he couldn't even breathe.
Genius. Billionaire. Inventor. Fiancé. Father. Mentor. Friend. Mechanic. Tony knew he was a lot of things without the suit. Tony spread his hands. "JARVIS?"
"Trust me, as soon as I'm in my car, it's happening." Peter nodded. He fist-bumped Ned.
"Maggie!?" Then who was behind him? Peter felt a firm hand on his neck. And it wasn't Maggie behind him, but a tall man.
"Thanks for the help. I'm glad you were there." She put her hand to her side, as if covering a wound, but she wasn't bleeding. Then she stood up straight and held out her hand. "I'm Reset. But my friends call me Reese."
He didn't know what that meant, part of him felt he didn't want to know. He nodded. "Kitchen is free to use here, just as the one downstairs that you normally use. Guest room is there. I'm down the hall. And bathroom is there." He pointed.
He shook his head. "Yes. It is."
Strange nodded.
Peter shook his head. "No. I'm just not going to hide in a corner in fear. I can stop busses with my hands. I can lift buildings off of me. I can fight. But to the world, I'm a scrawny nerd. There isn't anything good that comes from panicking and if I go and hide he's going to know something's up and he'll really come after me then. I lose nothing if I act normal. He has the ability to find me anywhere I go. Hell, he works a couple stories below my bedroom, so if I hide here he has just as much chance of finding me as he does bursting into school. Just...let me live like normal. If he or any baddies come anywhere near me I'll notice. I get a sort of feel for these things." Peter tapped the back of his neck.
"He said that too." Pepper nodded. "But if I'm going to be CEO you're going to have to take on more of the baby sitting duties."
"Almost as weird as Doc Ock." Maggie agreed. The cape flew to her and somehow look dejected. "Weird is good. We're all freaks here." She soothed it. The cape wrapped around her happily, as if giving her a hug, then flew back to Strange's shoulders. "I can go with you. I have to get changed, but I'm totally good to go otherwise."
"Okay..." Peter nodded.
Strange let out a chortle, then stooped when Maggie's head shifted. "Okay." Slowly, his head settled down, gently resting on her head and the sofa, closing his eyes.
Peter paused. "Wait...did we have this conversation before?"
"He can be an ass, but he's cool."
"Exactly."
She was sobbing, choked and broken. She pointed to the end of the bed. "D-didn't didn't you see?"
She closed her eyes tightly once she regained her breath and dropped to the floor. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry."
She let out a whimper.
The not-Tony made a face, but didn't comment. "Good to work on this a little bit? Heard they've been trying to sway you to stay down here with coding."
"Trauma sucks." Peter sighed. "My papa would never hurt you, I want you to know that. But it's okay if you're not comfortable around him. Anyway, seriously, if you feel safe, then it's fine. If not, then...go back home or don't even leave. It's okay."
"Too many people. I don't feel safe." She felt her eyes water and she turned her head away in shame.
"Eh, you're not even heavy. I once lifted a building off myself."
"Margaret." A faint voice echoed.
"I don't have to talk to dance. I get to keep moving and I don't have to look at people. And the lights are usually bright enough that I can't see most of them anyway." Maggie shrugged. "I don't...really notice the crowd anymore when I dance. It's usually just me and the music."
"We didn't hear Maggie..." Vanessa whispered. "How do we know she's there?"
"I don't want to embarrass Dad or SI though." Peter said.
Dr. Strange would never hear her message, but she didn't know that.
Steve sat next to Peter and wrapped his arm around both of them.
I sort of view this the same way as a Peter and May + Tony thing found in most headcanons. May is Peter's guardian and loves him very much, but he needs a father figure which is Tony. Same principal here. I didn't want to come across or have Maggie come across as devaluing Wade and Vanessa, she loves them very much, but there's a different more parental relationship forming with her and Dr. Strange. Re-reading it felt a little weird, but I didn't feel like I got it 'right'. So hopefully this answers any confusion.
"Nothing that will top the Maul fight."
Steve snorted. "You should get one: 'If lost, give coffee.'"
"Lightning doesn't work on those suits. Last time we tried, Iron Man got super powerful and fried us all." Nat shook her head.
Take care.
That was good, she was calming. Being calm would be important to her, to controlling the power rather than being controlled by it. Though she still looked startled. "What do you see?"
"Maggie?" Peter turned and looked at the young woman in the back row. In spite of how she hid in the back, Maggie danced like a front-row student, like a pro. "She's doing a solo dance though."
"Better." Strange allowed. "What is Squealer's job?"
Her danger sense skyrocketed. A sickening crack came from above. They were on the fifth floor...of a ten story apartment building. Shit, shit, shit. Maggie thought, rushing out of the apartment. She needed to get down the hall, to the window.
"Yeah...thanks." Peter nodded and held out his arm, compliant now that his father was safe. "How's my friend?"
"I watched your footage."
"You're welcome. Dr. Cho said you'd be an excellent patient, unlike the rest of the Avenging idiots we normally get in here."
Maggie heard the bottle of pills rattle. Obviously the lady behind the desk was not going to mess around with her dad.
Strange walked to the fridge and made her a cup of tea. She looked miserable, pale, slightly sweaty. Tears running down her face. Strange sat down on the sofa and put the tea on the coffee table. She lay on the sofa and rested her head in his lap. The Cloak covered her like it was a blanket. Strange didn't say a word, he massaged her head as she cried silently.
"It's...not a...pet. And it's name is not Cape-y." Dr. Strange commented.
"'m okay." Maggie said. "I can walk."
"Yeah, kid, deal. And if the spidersense says danger, you get me."
She looked up at him. "You think we can?"
"Yeah I do know you, so stay safe, dumbass."
"Take them off."
"Dude, totally. I'll be your guy in the chair."
"Don't apologize. You're not bothering me." Peter promised. They were friends, dance partners, and a superhero team, they were supposed to help each other out like this. "I do got to run to class though."
"Yeah, I think so." She felt tired, achy. "I could sleep some more."
Peter sat next to him and looked out, the sun just getting ready to rise.
"Negative." Nat answered.
"Hello, Peter Parker."
"It is... How does this show make me want to root for the serial killer?"
"Yeah, you can do martial arts, Steve is literally enhanced. Sorry, my bet's on Cap." Nat grinned at Peter. "Guess you're going to be wearing a blue tie at the wedding, паучонок."
"That's great. Should be on a t-shirt or something. I think people multitask far too much." Peter shrugged. He looked up, then left. Did he just hear something? Na.
"I trust you, but my insides need to stay in. Blood should be on the inside."
Maggie reached up and grabbed his hand. It felt difficult to move, but she gripped his hand. "They don' know. Need help. They can' figh' if they can' see."
'You've got it, Peter. The usual for the cheater?'
Peter shook his head. "Where's dad?"
"Yeah, well next time it's gonna be Fall Out Boy. I've been listening to all their stuff recently to prepare."
"I have the whole play memorized."
Peter nodded into his chest. "Okay, Papa."
"Yeah." Peter agreed. They had a free class today. He'd love to start learning something new. It would help distract him from his thoughts. He was still...tender from hallucinating Aunt May. "So, how do we do this?"
Peter curled against his side. "SI yours now."
Strange stood and waited for the door to open. The man opened the door and Strange didn't avoid eye contact. The man seemed to think he could intimidate anyone. Strange wasn't one to be intimidated. He knew he was the smartest and most powerful man in nearly every room he stepped into. Strange didn't wait for an invitation, he walked past the man into his office.
"Captain Rogers. Come on back." Principal Morita said.
"Thanks. You ready?" She wondered. She adjusted her dress. There were three layers to her outfit. Peter knew that had to be worrisome. He was worried enough about accidently tearing his hoodie off before it was supposed to.
Obie fired, but Tony was already falling out of the window.
Peter lifted the beam off a man, who thankfully had only been wedged, not injured. And he helped the man get off the street. The police and ambulance had finally arrived. "Get out of the area. Tell them to try to make a perimeter three blocks out. We're going to do what we can to contain it here, okay?"
Tears rolled down her cheeks. She put the bowl down on the coffee table and leaned against Wade.
Peter breathed a sign of relief when Thor stopped fighting his dad and started fighting Stane.
"And I don't need you to."
"No. Not at all." Maggie huffed.
Maggie nodded. "It's good."
"You're not going to keep me here."
"Easy. Sh. Easy." The man lowered her to the floor. She felt dazed, disoriented, as the man pulled earbuds out of his ears. "Sonic taser. Got it from my last boss. He loved using it. I see the charm." He waved an electronic device, then reached into his coat, pulling out a slim case.
"Just think you're a bit low. I'll see what we can get you once you're stitched up. Not a lot of B- out there, but we'll see." He finished poking at her. "Felt any of that?"
Maggie nodded. "Of course." She looked up at the walls, then tilted her head. "And keep that window covered for a while." She pointed.
Any time, bitch.
"Reset?"
"They're not." Maggie shrugged. "They are my guardians, but not my parents. They're Wade and Vanessa, always have been. I mean, I live with them and they get me to school and all that but it's different than parents."
When she opened her eyes, Dr. Strange was schooling his expression from a laugh to a no-nonsense look. "You can do better."
"-sure to take your umbrellas with you tonight if you're planning on- Sorry. One moment. We just got something in the studio." The news anchor had a box in front of her. She pulled the note from the top and frowned. "This is addressed as a message for Tony Stark. It...came with a recording on a flash drive. We're putting it on, now. We're not sure of the contents."
Tony nodded. This felt painfully familiar. Him searching frantically for Peter in his own way as Steve searched the streets. But this time...Peter wasn't trying to hide. He wasn't hidden in a church. Someone had taken him this time.
Her auburn brows wrinkled. "It's a pretty long walk."
Vanessa nodded. "Good. You offer her something we don't have. She doesn't even know it, I don't think, but she's naturally leaning into it. Into having structure, something you have that we don't." Vanessa leaned forward, clasping her hands together. "I want her to know people can be good. She has that belief, of course. She accepts that people can be good, but she doesn't accept people will be good to HER. She has friends at school and dance. And we love that she hangs out with Peter Parker, that kid has gotten her to smile more than anyone else in a while. The fact that he knew her identity long before she knew he did helped her so much in learning to trust. I like her having more friends. But she needs an authority figure she can trust. And given her moral code...well, I'm not sure she can say 'authority figure' and 'Wade' in the same sentence."
The drones shifted upwards to attack the god, but it was already too late. The hammer came down and the drones dropped after being struck by lightning.
"Three?" Steve offered Peter as a middle ground.
"I don't say this to many people, but you're a genius, Cho." Tony grinned at her.
"She's...about to be entertained for a bit. But you get to decide how well or poorly she's treated. Be good and maybe there won't be as much...suffering needed."
"You sure, bro?" Ned asked, eyebrows pulled together in concern.
Tony laughed. "Shake-n-Bake!"
"Oh.. Thanks."
Ned tilted his head to the side. Who was that number? It was a Brooklyn number. Was it from Peter's dance class? He frowned and sent a text.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. "A thin layer of fabric that you made. Trust me, darlin', he's safer than he's ever been, being in that thing."
Nat smiled. "Thanks. Have a good day you two." She waved and headed off.
Peter turned and saw Nat walk in, a stack of papers in her hand. She waved them and a memory stick at them, before she dropped them next to Tony's bed and sat down next to Clint.
Finally.
It was boring, but Peter listened to the class and was grateful when the final bell rang. He gathered up his books and walked with Ned out of the school. His spidersense went off and he slid into the way of the hit. He knew it was Flash and he didn't want the asshole to push his friend down. Peter took the hit and fell to the ground.
"I thought mine was weird...though...you know we might both have the same amount of weird in our lives." She made an uncomfortable noise and her arm tensed.
She was standing in the alley, leaning against the wall. Something was...weird. Her watch was ticking but...it didn't sound like it was coming from her direction. It sounded like it was coming from the right, by the dumpsters, not from where she stood on the left. He didn't like that...something was off. Had she taken it off? She never took it off. The same way he didn't take off the one his dad had made him.
"W-what about dance?" She asked.
Peter hugged him again. "He's gonna be okay." Peter winced at an awful sound that came from the OR. His nose wrinkled. He hated hospitals.
"Ballet started my love of dance. It doesn't go on the list, it's always there. It doesn't count. Anything jazzy is fun too."
"Okay." Peter nodded. "Show me and we'll see if you're leaning weird."
"Fair." Nat agreed. She nodded her head at Strange. Strange made her vanish.
"It'd be good for me too." Dr. Strange said. "She's welcome here, whenever."
"When did you do that?" Tony asked, his voice broken a bit from crying. He hadn't seen it. Just saw the doctor flip through it like a flip book and put it down.
"Yes, sir. However, the problem arises that Miss McKay mentioned Peter's name. There are seven other Peter Parker's in New York at Peter's age, and it'd be easy for even Mr. Stane to locate Peter at school."
"Oh, so you're going to start that fight, huh?"
Her eyebrows pulled together. "Yes? Always has been. Why?"
"I didn't want to cause her stress." Steve looked up at Tony.
The food smelled amazing. She couldn't help but stop a couple times to smell it. She wasn't really used to home cooked meals. She hadn't had them really since she was little. Occasionally she tried her hand at cooking, but never anything fancy. Take out and frozen meals could only be consumed so often. She didn't realize how hungry she was. She went back to the play.
Blindly she reached up behind her.
Tony shivered and reached out, putting a hand on Peter's shoulder. "Okay, okayokay...." He took a deep breath. "You be safe. And I want a full report of anything you can think of that the suit needs, got it?"
"BOOOO!" Maggie buried her head in her hands. "What's wrong with you, Queens? We might have to stop being friends."
"It's bad." She agreed with a nod.
"What the hell? Both of you ganging up on me?"
Peter leaned forward. "If he teaches you the portal thing, makes sure to drop him."
Peter heard the ticking sound move with the way of the body was dragged.
"Awesome. Is there a relic that acts as a plot-device screwdriver?"
"I hate everything about this game." Dr. Strange huffed. His cloak left his shoulders and flew to Maggie, it embraced her in a weird sort-of hug around her shoulders. She patted it fondly.
"The...l-las' guy...woulda, but I hada brick."
"Captain Rogers." Vanessa stood up and looked at him. "Peter." She sighed in relief.
Steve made a face.
Tony smiled proudly at his son and wiped his eyes. Below, he saw Maggie hug Peter, who appeared to be crying himself. Then the two pulled apart and bowed to the crowed, before heading backstage.
"Who?" Peter asked, confused. Smiling at an adorable picture of a pig-tailed Maggie getting tossed into the air by her dad.
"Yeah...thanks."
"I'll let them scrub up and stay with you." Cho promised.
"Right."
Happy always made sure the care was filled with cold drinks and snacks for Peter. Peter always appreciated it, so did his stomach.
"Yup."
"I'll cover for you, man. You can, like, go find a dark corner or something."
"Tough shit, Parker, it's at MY house this week. Didn't think that one through, did ya?" Ned laughed.
"My clothes are trashed, aren't they?" Maggie sighed.
"That's cheating."
"Something's coming." He warned and turned, stepping in front of her.
Now Dr. Strange.
"You were testing me."
"It's...complicated."
"There was a body here."
"Well, let your dad know I hope he feels better soon." Ned said. "Bro, you sure you aren't tired?"
"It means eat and watch your horrible movie." Tony rolled his eyes and JARVIS resumed Frozen.
Maggie flinched at his voice.
"Oh my God, please stop. That's like so much anxiety." Tony put his hand over his arc reactor.
"I didn't say anything. Haven't for several minutes." His voice was closer this time.
Maggie let out a soft laugh, then coughed.
"He's outside." The woman commented.
Peter rolled his eyes but smiled fondly. He really did have a good family.
"'m home." Maggie walked into the kitchen. There were chimichangas in the fridge. She chuckled and dug around them, grabbing ingredients to make herself a quick soup.
The door opened behind Peter, he heard it open.
"No." Tony shook his head and sighed. "He's angry. I don't know why. Maybe if he has some time to cool off it'll help."
"You never said this would be a workout."
"Of course, Peter." JARVIS answered with more of his usual promptness.
Peter's spidersense cranked up to eleven and he stood up a little straighter.
The trap door opened, but Peter's senses didn't go off, so he knew exactly who was stepping up beside him. "Hey, Valor." Aaron teased as he stepped up to the rail. "Patrolling tonight?"
"Not a fight you want to pick. You're in no shape to be in your suit. We have the high ground, as the meme says." Steve chuckled.
"I...how'd you find me here?"
He looked down at the prototype in front of him and nodded. "Alright. Guess I make my own version of this little project." Beck grinned. Once Obie failed at his plan, it'd be Beck's chance. Stane was more ruthless than Stark, but Stark was smarter, always a step ahead. Beck would put his money on Stark in that match up. Beck knew he wasn't as smart as Stark, but he was cleverer and better at exploiting true weaknesses.
"What do you want with the boy?"
Peter didn't know how he knew that, it kinda felt like deja vu. "Don't know. We got to help."
"They both are." Vanessa said quietly, before closing her eyes.
"Laugh it up, asshole." Maggie shouted at him.
"Yes, sir." Peter sat up straight, still trying to massage his sore fingers.
"Well, if Wong would get over his emo phase, he might have heard me knock." Maggie put her backpack down by the door.
A knock at her door made her jump.
Tony closed his eyes.
"Oh, speaking of, I've been struggling with some of the slower ballet moves. My brain keeps shutting down on me. Would you be able to help me? Balance is your thing."
"Have fun." Steve kissed the top of his head. "I love you."
"Alright." Maggie said, waving to Hamir before trailing after Strange. Maybe this place could help her headaches. Maybe she'd be okay.
Maggie pulled out her phone, eyesight blurry. She put in her dad's name and started to type out a text to him. Her head was full of stabbing, horrible pain. "Maggie." The teacher held out her hand. "We have rules in this class. Give me your phone. Now."
"Mm-hm. Focus."
"What?" Strange asked, his face hardening.
"This one's classic." Maggie said, before doing the Macarena.
"He looked like HIM...and the way the wood creaked. The wood floor always creaked outside my room. My stepdad was the same height...same hair... I just...couldn't. I couldn't see anything else. I'm sorry."
Peter's nose wrinkled. Sometimes he wished he could fly. He loved swinging, but flying would make the ground a lot less scary. "We can't all defy gravity."
Strange caught her and shifted her around, keeping her head propped up and turned so the hurt side wouldn't hit anything. His arms wrapped around her as her head settled against his chest. "Okay?"
"What makes you ask that?" Peter asked. "It was a little explosion is all."
"Why?"
Peter saw the ceiling crack, heard the foundation shift, could feel the temperature rise. Was this...real?
"Yeah, we can work on something." Tony nodded. "She's good now, right?"
Tony smiled softly. "Always, underoos."
Peter huffed and followed her. "Karen, connect me to Dad. I need to make sure he's okay." Peter could hear it, the sound of whirring. Repulsors. Was it his dad or...Stane?
"Yeah, it's been fun. We've been doing challenges. I'm learning a lot."
Steve couldn't agree more. Unfortunately trauma didn't vanish because you wanted it to. He'd been there himself. Freaked out when the temperature dropped too cold. And he'd once run Tony a bath only to end up dealing with a terrified, freaked out genius for thirty minutes. Trauma popped up when it did. He hated seeing the redness on Peter's face. The sunken look of his eyes. The poor boy had cried himself to sleep.
"I have lost all respect for you. What is that?! Dumbass, twerking is not a dance. It's an insult."
The door behind him opened with a bang.
Maggie went to do her homework. She tucked herself away in the guest room. She didn't want to be in his way if he had things to do, or especially if he didn't have something to do. Who would she be to interrupt someone's time off? She totally could have been home alone for the weekend. He didn't really need to babysit her, so she wasn't going to get in his way.
"He'll be okay." Peter squeezed her shoulder.
"My creator is very paranoid. Perhaps I inherited that trait." JARVIS agreed. The elevator took them to the medbay.
"Well, that's going to be some damage control..." Clint sighed, looking at all the fires burning.
Now he just needed to wait for the opportune moment.
"Of course it does..." Christine muttered. "Jesus..."
Once secure, Peter jumped from the roof and swung toward home. It didn't take long. Once they landed on the landing pad, Maggie immediately backed away and glanced around.
"Alright, I'll be back." Peter saluted them and headed to his room.
"Clint's the only one with medical damage. Nat's bruised up. Thor's...Thor. And thankfully there was no code green, so Banner is good."
Strange nodded. "Get some rest, Christine. I'll watch them." He smiled and sent her home.
"Still have nightmares... My fingers hurt when it's about to rain."
"If Peter works here then his plans are probably accessible in the system." Steve shrugged. "I mean, I'm not good with tech, but Stane would be able to find it. That or he'd send goons, something more subtle than a suit. If you hide Peter then you're giving up a little advantage, plus if you hide him it could just show Stane that he's more than an intern, which would paint a bigger target on Peter's back." Steve had a thoughtful look on his face. "If I were Stane, I'd use my position as an advantage. To him Stark Tower is home base. Why risk being caught snatching a kid in broad daylight if you can use goons to get him in the tower or just steal the information from the database?"
"I'm sorry Peter. You may have ALL the pop tarts if you wish." Thor repented. "I shall acquire a large supply, a feast for you if you wish. How many flavors do they have? I shall acquire ALL of them."
"No!" She slipped her hands free, somehow, then grabbed her staff from the ground.
Clint sighed and nodded. "Good."
Maggie left the spare room, leaving the bedroom door open. She left her hair down, messy waves fell over her shoulders. She probably should have brushed it after letting it down, but...whatever, she'd deal with the knots the next day.
Peter grimaced over at his best friend. "They hurt."
"You've been missing out on family cuddles." Tony said. "And bedtime stories by Strange."
"I promise I won't do anything stupid...er than normal."
"I do... He kicked my ass last week when we had a Taylor Swift competition. I know he never listened to her and he must have ingested ALL the T Swift for a week so he could beat me."
Maggie wondered if he could add Dr. Strange to that list of contacts.
"If the reporter covering this would be so kind as to open the present on the desk."
"Both of my boys turned against me." Tony huffed.
"Vanessa...her husband might be out there too. Wade Wilson. They're both welcome."
"No. You even made them seamless."
Tony's eyes widened. "JARVIS?"
"What happened? Did I? Oh my God!" She turned to the wall and saw it, a space where a brick had been pulled free of the wall.
Peter couldn't stay here. The cuffs might be unbreakable, but they were attached to the wall... He could pull the wall apart. He could get out. Getting out though...would mean leaving Maggie. But...her screams didn't sound real. Had she ever been there? Had they all been recordings? Was...she already dead? Nothing else in this place seemed real...why would she be? He needed to get out, go somewhere safe. Somewhere where the world wasn't warped around him. Some place they didn't seem to know about.
Maggie bent her fingers. They hurt, but they would function. She was pretty sure they weren't exactly where they were supposed to be. She hid the chains behind her in the corner, pulled the brick from the wall and held it in her right hand.
"A little bruised. Couple fractured ribs. I'm okay."
Tony whispered soothingly. "It's okay, Bambi. It's okay."
She smiled. "Yeah. So, you write down what this means to you."
Peter did a poor version of the chicken dance, complete with butt shaking and hand clapping.
It didn't look like one though.
Wade and Vanessa sat down on her other side.
"You're awful." She glowered, the expression as endearing on her face. "Bring my friend back."
She smiled a warm, happy thing. "Good. Are you upset about the accident? You seem a bit distracted today. Normally we don't smack heads together that often...or ever, for that matter."
Tony just held him as close as he could.
Vanessa leaned against the counter next to him. "We can teach her to be streetwise. And we have. But there are good respectable people out there. She needs to know they exist. We aren't the most stable and...respectable of role models for her."
Thor walked through the kitchen. "Hello, Natasha, Peter." He waved idly, but looked intent on getting to the pantry.
Steve walked forward and put his hands on Tony's shoulders. "I just want you safe."
"Show me that again." Tony said, rubbing his eyes. Not only was his son gone, but so was another teenager. His heart hurt. He looked at the screen. She was walking down the street. She kept glancing around, looking a little confused. Then she'd keep walking. "What is she looking at?"
"Find things that aren't infinite."
Steve and Tony were gone seconds later, calling for backup as they went.
Strange only left to get himself cleaned and fed because Christine took Maggie to get tests run and insisted she'd let him review the results only if he ate something and showered. Christine may have also threatened him and called him smelly. Which...wasn't untrue. He'd gone from fighting to freaking out over Maggie's disappearance, then to four hours of surgery, then back to fretting over Maggie. He didn't want to leave, but Wade, Vanessa, and Christine were watching Maggie. He'd told Christine not to let ANYONE else near Maggie, even if she trusted them. Wade was armed. Which...Strange never wanted in a hospital unless it was security...but well, Wade was security, for Maggie, so he let it slide.
She closed Hamlet and pulled out her calculus book. She sat up against the wall and started working through the problems for the week. Integrals were more fun than English.
"Well," Stane smiled as he put Peter's badge back on his shirt. "I WILL have to pick your brain sometime. Unfortunately, I'm due elsewhere for a meeting. Next time, Mr. Parker, wasn't it?" He gripped Peter's shoulder a little too tight before he walked out of the lab.
"The suit's awesome. I just got hungry." Peter shrugged. "I guess I'm not used to working out so much...or going too long without food. Good things, though, right?"
"What do you think it means?" Maggie asked.
"Where is Ma-"
"Making sure she doesn't thrash and hit her head."
"Tony," Steve opened his mouth to fight back.
Peter felt like he was being watched again, now that the buzz of danger was gone.
"Dad's there." Peter's eyes narrowed. His Papa was at a meeting with some vets. But his dad was still there.
"The burgundy." Peter shrugged. "Do I wear a tie or not?"
Peter let go of the arm and ducked under the other one. "Arachnid!" He protested, shot two webs at the enemy's ankles and slid forward to knock the man off his feet. If it worked on Captain America, it should work on this guy.
"Done? Like, no summer school done?" Peter asked with excitement.
"She's resting. So far all her tests are going well. Next time she wakes up we're going to do some more tests...and get her some real food. She should be able to hold down food now that we've got her off the big drugs. Now, don't tear these out." Strange huffed, cleaning his arm, then dropping a new line into his vein.
Vanessa cracked a short laugh, then turned and hid her head against his shoulder as she sobbed.
"Isabelle can't dance with me in the performance... She hurt her leg. But Maggie said she'd fill in. We practiced for the first time today. She's really talented and catching on quick so...maybe I'll still get to participate." Peter reported, hoping it would bring some sort of light to Steve.
She felt her power surge. The sound of her watch grew slower. She took her increased sped, shoved Natasha back and shot up into the sky to avoid Clint's arrow. A wave of dizziness filled her. Her watch resumed normal time as her power failed her. She wasn't going to last much longer. She flew into the nearest building and stepped inside through a broken window. "Itsy-Bitsy, I'm not going to be much help here soon." Maggie closed her eyes against the nausea.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I have a choice, still my hands or do spells. One or the other. I can still my hands long enough to help you." He smiled gently. "Which makes you more comfortable? Do you want me to go get a nurse or doctor, or do you want me to do it?"
"What's going on?" Ned whispered.
"Falling into it, I think, is the reason why you can't focus and read. It's why you trade off your mind for strength."
"Oh, totally." Vanessa grinned. "Okay. Here's my tip for you."
Steve didn't get why, but he shrugged and went with it, waiting.
"Zio Happy, one word and I'll start a prank war with Zio Clint and you'll never find peace." Peter threatened half-heartedly.
"Still coming down from adrenaline. Well, while you're alert, what's wrong?" He eyed her, up and down. "Smoke inhalation, you should have an oxygen mask on. Are you all that incompetent?" He snapped.
"I'll get these filled and meet you at home." She promised, kissed Maggie's forehead, then turned to Wade. "Stick by her."
Then she paused and looked up into the corner of the room. This was...going to be a risk. She narrowed her eyes and set a pulse of her power out to see if there was anything in the room to slow down or speed up. She grabbed something in the corner and, for a second, got to see it.
Peter's eyebrows pulled together. "Safe from what?"
"Even broken I don't want him to have hands on more power. People like him shouldn't have any more power than he already does." Tony shook his head. "I've tried pinning him down...but he keeps his information locked up somewhere even JARVIS can't find it. We tried...many times. If I could just expose what he's been doing...well, then this would be easy. Iron Man would be a hero, day saved. Woo-hoo, go team."
"Am I a bad person...? That I might kill someone?"
Dr. Dad was an apt name. Peter thought.
"Do you want to go home?"
"No you don't!" Maggie insisted. She lifted her hand. Green light glowed off of her and then coated the entire ceiling. Like a rippled over water, the light just kept spreading, stretching further and further. The watch on her wrist was still ticking at the same pace. She wasn't slowing herself or speeding herself. Had she...slowed the whole BUILDING down? "That's new."
"I never go anywhere without it." Peter said honestly. He carried that thing like it was essential to his survival. "Meet you at the top of the building?"
"Le bear polar." Strange said in an awful French accent.
Strange nodded. "Okay. Didn't want to put you through an exam like that if you didn't need to."
The silence lasted for a beat. Then Steve broke out his PSA voice. "So, you've got a crush. Believe me, I know a thing or two about-"
Steve nodded and ran.
"Oh, I'm done as of today." Maggie commented, stretching to touch her toes.
"She's sweet, headstrong, kind when she has no reason to be, driven, and clever, she's so clever. Yet...all the opposite things as well. She's a good girl. And yes, I won't pretend like I didn't get to know her because of her powers. The Ancient One was interested in her connection to the time stone. I would be lying if I didn't say I was still curious. And I know I can help her get stronger, better, in control. But she is not just her powers. It's... I want to help her. I want her to be safer out there. I want her to be able to take care of herself. I want to see her succeed. She deserves better than what she's been dealt."
Steve's heart filled with warmth. Both his boys. So kind and caring. They were heroes even without their suits. "That's amazing."
"You need to learn discipline. It would help you to not wander. I'm not going to let you stand there until your brain is mush though."
Beck huffed as the kid covered the window. What was that about? Surely he couldn't have sensed a threat there. Beck had been studying the kid, he knew there had to be a threat for the kid to be able to sense danger. There was no threat. The drone didn't even have weapons on it. So how did he know to close the curtain? Beck leaned back in his chair and rubbed his beard. "Hm...dumb luck?" It didn't matter. He had all the proof he could want now anyway. Tony Stark was deeply attached to the kid.
"And I'm Spiderman so...taking down a couple goons isn't an abnormal thing."
Maggie looked around. "It's kinda quiet."
"How was it?" Tony asked as Steve rested his chin on his shoulder.
Christine looked confused.
"Damn, you're right." Peter sighed. "Thanks though."
"How do I sort through things that can be infinite?"
Steve pulled Peter closer to his chest and took a step back.
The elevator doors opened and Steve frowned, looking up. Peter closed his eyes and leaned against the wall, looking a little pale. "Hey, bud. I thought you had the internship today." Steve's forehead crinkled. "Are you okay?"
Peter's eyes widened.
Peter nodded and walked up to Maggie.
"Yup." She agreed. They both took off.
Peter started forward but Nat held him back with an arm. "Let the adults handle it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony frowned. "Unless they gave him a reason not to fight." Tony didn't like where his head was going. "Any of his school friends reported missing, J?"
The elevator doors opened. "Where's Maggie?" An urgent voice called. Angry.
"I feel tingly when that thing's near me." Maggie's body too had a faint green glow to it. It always made her feel stronger. Her mind got more foggy, but damn, she felt full of energy. Usually when she was tired, less focused, her powers got stronger. But...around the stone she felt stronger, and energized.
"Sorry, you were mumbling. Sounded like you said something about Dr. Dad."
Maggie shivered as the door closed, but kept her eyes on the man. He slipped his keycard into his shirt pocket, just like she knew he would. She tightened her grip on the brick.
"I thought I made it very clear she needed to have this medication on her at all times?"
Peter was nervous. Nervous enough that if he weren't in where someone could see him he'd be pacing the walls and the ceiling trying to calm down. Peter couldn't really focus on the task at hand.
"He looked like Dr. West, but it wasn't him. He was fishing."
"Thanks for looking after our girl." Wade said, his voice full of genuine gratitude.
"Yup. I'll let you see them in a moment. Let's get you all finished up first though, okay?"
"Nine-forty-three, sir."
"It's cool, just glad you're okay." Peter said then glanced at Strange, who even looked weird, given his relaxed clothes and his cape. "Dude, sweet cape. Does it fly?"
Maggie shrugged it off like it was nothing.
"Sure, Peter." Karen sounded somewhere between fond and exasperated.
Where would be?
"Mr. Wilson still felt angry."
Then something exploded. The world rocked. Smoke began to rise.
"Oh, kid." Tony ruffled his hair. "It's adorable. You've got a crush. It's totally normal. And she's a nice girl, she gets your...hero-thing too, which is rare. It's fine. You're totally allowed to think she's cute and to like her."
Across the bottom of the screen was a headline: America's Patriot Engaged to America's Playboy?!
"Okay, I can work with that. Come on, kiddo."
"Hello, my little flower." He walked forward. "You going to be my good girl?"
"If the understanding is 'I take a beating and you be an asshole' then, yeah, I'd say we still have a pretty good understanding." Maggie glared at him.
Yet another message that would never meet Dr. Strange's ears.
"Way to go." He grinned. "The one class I can actually help with."
"Thanks, Nat." Peter grinned at her, then frowned. He looked at Tony and grabbed his phone, sending Tony a text.
"Alright." Peter said, signing into his computer. Tony, thankfully, wasn't anywhere near the lab on Friday. In fact, Tony hadn't done anything active since. He'd been laying in bed for the most part, sleeping. Peter knew Tony had a hard time apologizing, but it seemed like one, the way he'd kept strictly to his bedrest. Peter was glad his dad was resting. "So, I had a brain blast today."
"Sure thing, Peter."
"Yup! Later. School day's out. I don't need to deal with this shit anymore." Peter waved and headed out with Ned. They chit-chatted until they were out in front of the school. "Oh, Happy's here. See you later?"
"I think so."
"She needs rest, peace and quiet." Strange sighed. He'd have to wake her up in a few hours, to assess her mental state...or Christine. Someone would have to.
"Mads Mikkelsen is a treasure, I will not hear you speak ill of him." Maggie pointed at him. "Who goes after a guy who wears tennis shoes with suits? Come on."
"Just citizens." Peter sighed. "Unless you're counting Spiderman." Peter snorted. The Daily Bugle hated Spiderman. They were always trying to get pictures of Spiderman, they were always blurry and just plain grainy.
Peter froze. "W-what?" His eyes watered.
"What are you doing?"
"Yeah."
"I've...never had a vision while I was awake before. That's scary." Maggie whispered. "It's so much. It felt so real. Like I was there. Two places at once. Present and future blurred."
"Shut up." Maggie huffed. Peter could hear her shifting, hear the gown on her move.
Maggie'd sent him a text to send congratulations, along with a picture of Kamar-Taj, just to show that she was safe and sound. Then she'd explained she wasn't going to be allowed to talk for a while. Something about focus. Peter didn't really understand. He'd started going back to dance and he missed seeing her there. Sometimes he even swung through Brooklyn, hoping to keep it safe for her while she was gone...or at least as safe as he could manage.
"No." Peter laughed. "Promise you aren't gray. I'd notice. Just didn't want you to walk alone. Why don't you take the subway?"
The next day, Wade showed up. He was dressed in casual clothes, sans weapons. "He should have wore more red..." Wade walked across the room and held out a hand to Maggie. Slowly she took it, then smiled at him. "You're safe to go home now, sweetie." He said, his voice soft. Then he turned and looked at Peter. "You too, cutie." He winked.
"Call Wade Wilson." The phone didn't have results. Shit, Peter had changed her contacts. "Call Vanessa Wilson." That one worked. She put the phone to her ear. "Ness?"
"Don't want to do that." He was eyeing paperwork on the desk. "A Jane Doe with head trauma?" He asked.
Peter was so happy when he heard repulsors. That was his Dad. He heard voices and fighting and shouts. Then, the door burst open and his dad and papa was there. "DAD!" He screamed. Then he stopped for a moment. He'd been seeing things...was this REALLY his dad?
The circular saw turned on.
"You married an old man, Tony." Rhodey sighed, patting his back firmly. "You're stuck with that clueless oaf."
Wade nodded. "Fair enough, I wouldn't mean it either. Not my scene. Sorry, Tiny Dancer."
"Just takes time." He agreed. "The same for your things. You're abilities and the reading thing."
"Thank you." Maggie nodded and hung up. She folded her head over onto her lap. She HURT. Breathing hurt. She felt like one big bruise. She had a deep cut on her side, one on her shoulder, and one on her thigh. She ached, but she didn't want these strangers to touch her. There were too many people. It was all one big ward. She wanted to close the curtains around her bed and hide from all of them until someone safe showed up. Someone she could trust to look after her.
The words felt like a jab to the heart. Peter suddenly felt like a piece of shit, dead weight, just an extra pile of trouble for his dad to handle. He didn't like that feeling. He was pretty sure his mind was making it up. Either way, he needed the situation to defuse so his own brain didn't go off the rails. "Six." He said subtly. He hoped maybe that it would be enough for them to both take a step back, to breathe, to figure out why they were at each other's throats. The words stung. They'd always worked together on stuff.
"Morse or something?" Peter wondered. "I know a little bit. I think you know it too."
"Okay."
"I know people who've come back. What if he's like that?! What if he's like Logan or Wade? What if he came back to hurt me?!"
"I'll be there in a little bit, okay? I'll call."
"Very funny, mister." Pepper didn't sound amused. "We could lean on the bruises. It'll help sell the illegalities Stane committed, for those who don't trust the press release and evidence we put out this morning. You being in bad shape is actually okay. As long as you don't feel too bad."
Take care.
He still had nightmares. Therapy didn't quite cure that. But they were getting better...or maybe just easier to manage. He was going out with Ned and MJ again, but not for long stretches of time. He preferred to stay in with his family, where he knew he was safe. Even patrolling felt safer than being with friends.
But really, she wasn't normally late. He considered stepping away from the routine to grab his phone out of his bag. Then the doors opened. And Isabelle was on crutches...looking really guilty.
"You don't have to be." He assured her. He didn't really know what she was apologizing for either. Was she apologizing for being in pain...or for showing it? "Couple more."
"And you're in calculus?"
Maggie laughed.
"Can we work here until dinner?"
"You're welcome, Underoos." Friday answered.
Vanessa nodded. Eyes wide, afraid, and teary.
"What are you doing on my porch, Spiderman?"
"Yeah." Peter nodded. "So, you wanna patrol this weekend?"
"You got better?" Maggie asked.
Peter still looked worried.
Maggie scrambled backward, falling off the bed. When she hit the floor pain snapped her closer to reality. She sucked in a deep breath and screamed.
"See, then you might try to be clever and get out, Spiderman. No. We'll keep her. And keep you motivated."
"May!" He screamed and stepped into the road.
Peter took a few conscious gulps of air. "Thanks."
That hurt.
She replayed Wade's words in her head. "Maggie, if someone is trying to hurt you, you protect yourself, you hear me?"
"Don't let go...I don't know what's real anymore. Don't let go of me. Please. Please." She pleaded and her hands gripped at his robe, tightly.
"It was actually kinda fun. I don't mind falling...well, as long as there isn't a bottom approaching, you know?"
"Joining the land of the living?" Wade asked, reaching forward to squeeze her hand.
Maggie shook her head, still hiding in her knees. "He's here. I saw him."
"First we pick some music. I prefer upbeat jazz for the quickstep. It just works for me. This dance is mostly on the toes, heels should very lightly touch the ground when they do. I'll show you."
Maggie settled in. The food really was delicious. Strange, after the episode ended, started asking her questions about Hamlet. Weirdly, she found herself remembering better. She got most of the questions right. Maybe reading aloud did help. She quickly finished the food and sighed.
"Yeet!" Peter threw himself back into the obstacle course, searching for Nat. She was quiet as a mouse. That would work with most people. Unfortunately for Nat, Peter could hear her heartbeat, it didn't matter how quiet she was. Peter could find her. He just needed to do it before Steve got up. He got to her quickly and swept her feet out from under her.
Peter snorted. "You're lucky that I'm enhanced too."
The watch was starting to tick.
"Hey, Vanessa." Maggie walked to her and smiled when the woman wrapped her in her arm.
He turned and opened a portal. The lighting on the other side was completely different. More mid-day, less early morning.
Peter took a breath. "What do you want?"
Everything was still for a moment. Then Tony grabbed his phone. "JARVIS, get me all the camera footage available. We need to find Peter."
"I'll put him on sauce duty." Steve promised with a smile as he ruffled Peter's hair. "No one likes burnt toast."
"I'm at the tower. They keep...they keep trying to fix me. I can't... I don't feel safe, I want someone safe here."
"My jaw has been sensitive lately. It's okay." She shrugged. "It's...really quiet. Maybe it's the Christmas spirit."
"She's having a hard time discerning what is and isn't real." Strange said, trying to comfort Vanessa.
"Thanks, 'bye."
Dr. Strange took a deep breath, his hands still shaking, but Maggie couldn't judge his reaction on that. Plus, she couldn't bring herself to look at him. "No. I think everyone is capable of killing. I vowed not to...yet I have. We all have something we'd fight for, kill for, die for. I know you pretty well, Margaret. You do everything you can not to hurt anyone, even people who'd hurt you. If you killed someone, it was probably to protect yourself or someone else. And there was probably no other way."
He glanced at the can and then shifted them back into their usual dimension. "Let me get you something to drink. I'd say we did enough mental practice today."
"Yeah, thanks. One extra fry though?"
Later, she'd wished she'd sat down for breakfast.
Maggie flipped over the next attack and ducked behind a pillar. "But it's less fun. Yikes!" The ground fell out from under her and she flew up away from the portal. "Quit trying to send me across the planet!"
Quentin shook his head and whistled.
Quentin laughed. This was the best news he'd had in a very long time. Stark really did care about the kid. Stark had a soft spot, a heart. He was protecting the kid, even when he couldn't be there. Quentin wondered how Stark would feel if he couldn't protect the kid, if he wasn't there for him when he needed help.
"You looked a little off, you feeling okay?"
It too had a note tied to it.
Steve snickered and wrapped his arms around Tony's waist, kissing his neck. "Oh, I had big plans, but I'm sure this'll just tucker you right out."
Tony slowly stood up. "Shit. Oh my God...this whole time?"
"I can get you into a state where it's easier. I still say you should practice. You're strong enough to see these things without needing dreams to process it."
"Who is it?" Nat ask. "We got a lot of names here, but no one seems talkative about the ringleader of this fucked up circus. And trust me...they all had reason to talk. Deadpool is...effective. And me and Clint are pissed."
"I know you saw it. Where did he go?"
"I do. I'll do some of it. I guess."
Soon Stane was on the ground, but still fighting. It was obvious the lighting had overloaded his systems, making flight impossible, but he still had a huge tank of a suit, still able to fire at them, still able to pack a punch.
"Mine's not all that specific either. I see danger everywhere. I've just...gotten used to filtering out the information I don't need. I had too, I can't process everything my mind's telling me." She frowned. "I get dreams sometimes, dreams from all across time. I knew you'd be safe."
"More important than protecting the sanctum from intruders. Thanks for the help, Wong." Dr. Strange snorted.
"Aw, how is your girlfriend?" Tony asked with a smirk.
"Must be relaxing."
"Yeah, don't let him grab you. Did that in a past timeline. It sucked. I had to reset everything."
"You know I am. Rest while you can, Tony. See you tonight."
Nothing.
Beck paused. "Sanctuary." A word that could mean more than one thing. "Anything in the bio about the kid attending church?"
"So you do have some taste, it isn't all just pop garbage."
"Yeah."
Peter stopped spinning and froze on the spot, staring at Maggie. The lights faded, leaving Peter in the spotlight, dressed in all dark grey. Maggie disappeared from view in the sudden darkness.
"Easy. You'll be glad for the needles shortly."
"Oof!" Peter hit the wall, hard. His head snapped back and hit the wall. The shield came loose from his arm and clattered to the ground. He saw stars for a moment. The lights were too bright and up and down blurred together. He couldn't stay there. He had to move. "Come on, spiderman." He shot a web upwards only because he had muscle memory to help him. His sight came back quickly, his head no longer in pain.
"JARVIS watches everything, down to the vents." Tony promised.
Maggie looked at him and tilted her head to the side. "I've never seen you in normal clothes before."
"I don't think she knows that. She's independent in many ways, afraid to outlast her welcome, I think." Vanessa leaned back in her chair and relaxed.
"Don't know if you know this, but you had quite a rough go yesterday."
"Semantics." Tony said, then looked at Strange. "Where are my son and Steve?"
"I'm afraid I'm not quite able to come up there, Peter."
Maggie woke and let her eyes move around. There were no danger lights anywhere. No abrasive lights at all. The room was lit dimly. It...wasn't a hospital room. She was in a hospital bed, hooked to all sorts of things, but this room almost looked...familiar. But different. Brick walls, wooden floors, an unused fireplace. This was Dr. Strange's home...but not. It was confusing. She felt lost. What had woken her up?
"Different how?" Peter asked.
Even with all that, he was cautious. He still wanted to make sure everything was real around him.
"Hey, hey, there's nothing wrong. Sh. It's okay. You're okay, Peter. Karen sent me all your brain activity. Hey, you're not broken, okay? Breathe. I'll be there in a little bit. I'm on my way to get you. Just stay there and talk to me, okay?"
Peter...didn't really know about much of the Mystic stuff. But by the look on Maggie's face, the fact that a Sanctum was under attack was bad. "What's happening?"
Peter's stomach growled. "Sorry." He apologized for the noise.
"I'm here, sweetie. You with us?"
"I gotta say, kid. You're Single Ladies is on point."
"Hey, kid." Happy responded, still keeping the dark-haired woman back. Peter could remember her from the recital.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter sighed in relief as the suit hit the ground, the power source ripped from it. He heard his dad speak. "This isn't yours, Stane. You aren't worthy of it."
"Shut up." Tony laughed and kissed his cheek.
"Of course." Tony grinned and ruffled his hair.
Dr. Strange eyed him, and for a moment Peter thought he was going to get a scolding too. But Strange smiled slightly. "She could do. She doesn't know how yet. In a fight, everything gets...blurry. Lots of running and fighting and fear. You both did fantastic. You held things together." Strange looked at Maggie and sighed. "She should have backed away sooner. She used too much of her powers at once. She doesn't have a full grasp of them yet. They leave her dazed, confused, weak, especially when she is doing so much. It's not your fault. She kept going when she shouldn't have. Nothing to do with you. I'm working on training her...seems we're going to have to do more of that. And pound some common sense into her head." Strange shook his head. "You can't give away your healing. That's not on you. She'll be fine. She will need time though."
"Sir?" JARVIS said a half-question.
Peter looked up. His eyes were wide as his Dad's armor smashed into the ground. The street was dented, like a meteor had crashed into it. "Shit. NO!"
"How did you feel, the you in the future?"
Steve rolled his eyes.
Strange pursed his lips then nodded. "You could be training or reading if you're that bored."
Peter snorted. "Yeah. He's gonna storm a high school in an iron suit. That'd be the swiftest way to bring the Avengers down on his ass. He won't do that. Even he'd know that's stupid."
"Little late, aren't you?" Tony asked, shifting uncomfortably. His ribs ached. Steve had been right, rest was the best, moving sucked.
Strange followed suit. He could think through things while in the quiet space. Things were fine, quiet. Then they weren't. Maggie's breathing was harsh. He opened his eyes and saw her looking up with wide, frightened eyes.
"I'll go get the morons." Strange walked away from her. Peter noticed his hands were trembling. He returned with Wade and Vanessa.
"Okay." Peter did.
"It aches, but not too bad. Been taking pain meds, they help." Maggie gingerly put her arm through her sleeve and pulled her shirt back down, glad it was over. Knowing the drill, she stretched out her leg on the table that was a makeshift medical bed. "Do we have an ETA on these ones?"
"I think I'm okay." Peter answered. He shoved his hands into his hoodie pockets and wrapped his webshooters around his wrists just in case things got really ugly.
"I'm fine." Her voice broke. Stupid fucking broken brain making her feel weird things. She didn't choose these things. Why the fuck was her body doing this?
That was all she had left of her dad's. It had ticked on her wrist since the day he'd died. And he was pulverizing it.
Peter sighed. "Uh...well..."
"You're not. You're a model patient. Would like it if you weren't doing such a dangerous gig, though." She smiled at him gently. "You actually listen to directions, can't say the same for either of your parents."
"Yes, sir."
"Thanks, Liz." Peter grinned and hugged her.
Steve blushed, but sat next to Tony.
"I can wait...just not the whole ride. I know that." Peter promised.
Maggie shook his head. How was it that her friend was talking about not one but TWO AIs that helped him out. "Ugh, fancy pants tech."
"Danger's not here, yet, but there will be some...something to do with that window. Keep it covered. I think that will help."
Peter smiled a little brighter. No one had died. Even with all the explosions and debris. Even a building had started coming down. Sure, people were out some homes, but...but they were alive. "Thanks, Dr. Cho."
"Kid, what was that about? You okay?"
Vanessa put her foot in the gap and then stepped inside. "Sorry, looking for..." Her eyes widened as she looked around. Was this a museum? "Dr. Strange."
"Yeah. It'll be cool." Peter nodded.
Dr. Strange's eyebrows pulled together. "What year are you in high school?"
Steve had to agree, but he knew it wouldn't always be that way. Peter was a stubborn kid with a very strong sense of justice, lots of selflessness, a strong moral compass, and an uncanny ability to find trouble. Steve had no doubt that the kid would stick his nose into places it shouldn't be. But for now, the kid was probably a bit nervous so they'd at least have a little while before he started trying to do anything too adventurous. "He's a good kid."
"Do you want me to go talk to him?" Steve asked after a silent moment.
"Are you sure? It reads like gibberish to me." Maggie closed the book sharply.
"But-"
He crawled. As soon as he could, he was getting those things off. Then he'd go to the church and try to get ahold of his Dad and Papa.
"I agree." Maggie wavered a little bit.
The door opened. The man with the fish bowl on his head entered the room.
Tony wrapped an arm around his shoulders and pulled him against his side.
"You use that brilliant head of yours and take it easy on your first time out, okay?"
"Okay." She opened the fridge and paused. There was a pack of coconut water. Her favorite kind. With a hint of pineapple. She liked drinking it for dance when water became dull. He'd noticed? When? Had she carried one from dance one of these times? She smiled and took one and a water before heading to the sofa. She sat down on the end of the sofa and handed him the water. "Thanks."
Strange nodded, his eyes full of understanding. "Out of ten?"
"With help." She amended at the scolding tone Strange had. "Still a bi' of misc-c..." She sighed, frustrated.
Peter huffed and patted Steve's shoulder. "I got closer that time."
"They're okay." Peter promised. "It's Maggie's guardians."
"I don't know." Maggie huffed and cupped her face in her hands. "There's nothing going on here. All this time stuck inside and when I'm finally outside it's dead."
Obadiah grinned and leaned back. "Well, well...you really did pull through." He reached for his phone and swiped a few times. He turned the screen around. "Consider your drone project fully funded. I can't wait to see what you can do with more of them."
"Okay."
"Oh god." Maggie swayed on her feet and crouched, head in her hands.
"Choices have already been made. Every second, every possible future is narrowed by the choices we've already made. Don't focus on what could have been. It's dead, it doesn't exist. Only focus on that which has already been decided."
Strange snorted and rubbed his face. "Okay."
The fluff be gone. Until further notice, there are warnings for abduction and mental/emotional/physical abuse. There's going to be threats of sexual assault and death. Lots of nasty stuff, because Beck is an absolute asshole. Also, more Hannibal, because why not?
Maggie threw up several times, until there was nothing left and she was dry heaving.
Peter hadn't even made it to the floor when the watch started ticking at a normal pace, the green glow faded.
"You okay?"
"Peter, are you safe?" Tony asked.
"What do you mean you can't?" Peter asked.
"I-I..." Peter struggled to breathe. "I saw Aunt May."
Peter almost laughed at it, when, in a parking garage almost out of the city, Happy pulled up next to another car. Peter recognized it as Bruce's. Bruce wasn't there though, instead Pepper greeted them.
Ness looked up at Strange and raised an eyebrow. He, of course, didn't see her. His head was down, eyes closed as he gently pressed a kiss to the top of her head. When he did lift his head, his cheeks turned pink.
"Breathe. Slow."
Peter pointed to the closed off bed across from him. "Getting stitches. She sounds like she's okay." He wished he would have stayed with her a little more. Maybe she wouldn't be so beat up then.
"Stay! Make sure nothing happens down there. I can keep ahead of this guy a little while longer."
"Must've missed him. Just wanted to get home. I was worried about dad."
"I was thinking of wearing some sparkly gold eyeshadow. Too on the nose?" Maggie asked with a smirk.
Peter lunged forward, afraid Maggie would fall.
"I haven't even had any Mountain Dew." Peter laughed.
"Place I have up north on a small private lake. About three hours out. No one knows it's mine, Bruce sometimes uses it as a retreat when he gets tired of all the city noise or when we have a hard mission. Happy, Bruce, Rhodey, and Pep are the only one's who've been there. It'll be safe. I just want to make sure no one can reach you or your friend until we figure out if this is an isolated incident or not."
Thor didn't think of a broom, obviously, because he jumped up and pulled Peter down. A ceiling tile came down with them, still stuck to Peter's legs. Peter, somehow, managed to right himself and not drop his plate or the pop tarts before he landed on his feet. He instantly backed into a corner, breathing hard.
That wasn't the sign.
After he was clean and dressed he headed into the living room and looked for something to eat.
"Only in my sleep." Maggie protested.
"Oh my God. Oh my God." Peter said, his hands shaking.
Tony stood and squeezed his shoulders. "Not your fault. You did what you could do for her, and it helped. She seemed to bounce back."
Peter's spidersense freaked out. There were explosions and smoke. The building shook below them slightly, but Peter's senses were dialed to eleven. If everyone else on the block didn't feel it, it didn't matter. He could feel it. The smoke was... "That's the Tower."
After a while, he became aware of pressure on the back of his neck and Wong talking to him. When was the last time he'd had a panic attack? Med school? Further back? When his sister had died? He couldn't remember. He couldn't breathe.
I'm working on it. Sorry.
Quentin looked past Peter to the door. "Act busy, the boss is here." He joked with a smile before turning and opening his holographs again.
"MAGGIE!" Hands landed on her shoulders and squeezed. "It's not happening. It's just a vision. It's not fact."
"Yeah...um, I think I'll head home."
Peter looked at her and smiled. "Yeah, she is." He agreed, then looked back at Dr. Strange. "I'm glad she's got someone like you with her."
"Promise?"
Strange nodded in understanding. "I'm sorry, sweetie. It's one of those things that comes with brain injuries, Margie. I know it's scary and uncomfortable." He gently put a hand on her shoulder. "I know it's overwhelming."
Peter grinned, pulled on his mask and ran to the edge, jumping back up. "This is gonna be so awesome! Yeet!" He threw himself off the building.
Friend from dance class. Maggie, meet Ned and MJ, Ned and MJ, Maggie.
"Plus it helps that she's cute."
The sheets around Maggie's bed were pulled away. She was covered in a medical gown. She looked awfully pale. The metal table next to her bed had bloody, sharp instruments neatly placed on it. And there were piles of bloody gauze. Doctor Strange took a step back. "You're going to need new clothes. I don't want you standing anywhere alone right now. Would you trust a nurse to help you? You can call me if you need me. I'll be here."
And one last tag was on Peter's suit.
"Does that mean...? My identity is outed, isn't it?" Maggie huffed. She'd cross her arms if she wasn't covering her wound with one.
"Reset?"
Maggie...really didn't know what she felt. She didn't feel like how the other girls around her talked. Was she a freak? Was she broken? She didn't know. She hated not knowing. And she hated not being in control over her own body.
"Great." Peter grinned. "A little over the top. Dad got me an Audi."
"That's why you couldn't get him. He could still fight you even slowed."
Vanessa smiled. "Let me get a few kicks in, okay?"
Steve tapped out their pattern on his leg.
Maggie closed her eyes and touched the time stone. She instantly felt cut away from reality, from any sense and logic. But she held firm to her own mind. Her thoughts. She couldn't have direct contact with the stone very long, it was too easy for her to lose herself to the whims of wibbly wobbly time. She found Peter though, in the warehouse, hurt and scared. Then she turned. Searching single-mindedly.
"Oh, you are so going to lose this one." Wong laughed.
"When did you learn that?"
His breath shook on the way out of his mouth. Tears flowed quickly from his eyes.
"Great, how's my favorite intern?"
"Peter." Ben's voice called in pain. The same voice Peter'd heard the night Ben had been killed.
"Sure thing. I might be a bit late though. Sorry for bothering you. You're school's probably about to start."
Vanessa sighed and pressed play. It started with Maggie calling Spiderman an asshole, which Vanessa was proud of. And Maggie, thankfully, was within Brooklyn limits, barely. The filmer had kept turning between the two kids, filming each dance. Their part ended with Spiderman and Reset heading for Brooklyn. Then the filmer turned the camera around.
"Oh, I get it. Is Peter that Spider...guy I've heard of in New York. Are you two related? You are both spiders after all, right?" Thor asked.
"Tell me something only we would know." Her voice was croaky and weak. Her vocal cords had to be abused...from screaming and from being strangled.
"Concussion, some stitches, a few hairline fractures on two ribs, and a broken arm."
"Just don't put Dad in charge of the toast. He'll burn it."
"Dear Sweet Baby Jesus, he doesn't know what we're talking about, does he?" Peter looked at Steve, hurt. "I have my choice for movie night."
"That's the thing, we already pretty much have what we want. The only thing that's missing is a bit of payback."
"The 'boy scout' once used floss in the field to do stitches." Helen rolled her eyes. "Some boy scout."
Poor kid didn't deserve what was coming. But...Beck supposed he had some time. A little more time to plan it out perfectly.
"It's a name, can't screw it up, Margaret."
"You alright?"
"That's my style." Wade raised his hand.
"Okay."
"I think you mean you Love this Game." Wong jeered.
The door opened a crack, but Strange didn't come in. "It's two o'clock. Are you gonna eat?"
"All stitched up. She looked awful last night." Peter frowned. "Could we make that our next project?"
"It sounds like you've got something against me doing my job, Parker. Wanna try to explain that?"
"Breathe, Maggie." Tony instructed, walking her through a slow exercise.
"I'm on it." Peter agreed, swinging over to her. "By the way, I totally won the dance off."
"I'm...not sure." Dr. Strange said. She didn't believe it was a nightmare...maybe it wasn't.
"Where is she?" Wade looked furious.
Beck looked at the script and frowned. It was alright, but it could use some punching up. He liked the wording...but there was something missing. That gut punch. He wanted Tony to know dread. Horror. Terror.
Peter's stomach growled as he watched the sky turn pink and orange. "Breakfast?"
"Okay."
"Thank you for your confidence in me, Peter. I'm honored."
"They are trouble. But at least they can dance." Vanessa said, then grinned. She forwarded the video to Dr. Strange.
"Yeah, got hit by some debris trying to get back home. Hurt my ribs pretty bad." Peter answered, trying to keep his identity somewhat hidden. It actually seemed to work.
"That's why you shook your head at me. When I arrived the last time, they started shooting."
Peter fell asleep on the sofa. His head on Tony's shoulder, his feet on Steve's lap. Tony kissed his head gently and turned and looked at Steve. "That...let's not have a repeat." Tony whispered.
"Yes." Vanessa nodded. "Thank you."
Vanessa returned to her spot next to Maggie, taking her hand. "She'll be happy that he's safe now. Every time she's been up, she asks about him."
"No, the TV show."
"Kick his ass, Steve." Nat said, sitting on the edge of the obstacle course, watching with a smile. "Sorry, kid, but I don't like losing."
"Yeah, he will, but I'm hoping he'll tell us...plus, we'll always know if he's ever in trouble." Steve leaned into Tony. "It's not ideal. Frankly, I wish we could have held him off, at least until he graduated, but...I can't ask him to be half of who he is. Just like I can't ask you to stop being Iron Man and you don't ask me to stop being Captain America. We can't be half of what we are, it'd drive us crazy."
"With me?"
Tears ran down his face, burning in the cuts. Was he telling the truth? Was he lying? Was Maggie alive? Dead? Did they ever capture her? What the hell was going on? "She...she has nothing to do with my dad."
"Oddly...the weird sounds woke me up. Not in a bad way."
Maggie reluctantly opened the book. "...I do beseech you, give him leave to go." She said, her voice slow, tumbling a little over the words. "Take thy fair hour, La...Layertees?"
"Okay. I can do that." He ruffled her hair gently. Then his whole demeanor changed as he turned to the nearest nurse. "I need a sterile suture kit, lidocaine, antibiotics, and something to change into that's not street clothes for me, as well as some shorts that will fit a young woman." He walked away from her and spoke to a nurse.
She pulled out Hamlet and frowned. She hated English homework. She bit her lip and started reading. It was painful. Not only was reading normal English hard enough, but now it was Old English and slang Old English on top of it. Shakespeare was writing for the common folk, sure, but definitely not for Maggie. She barely made it two pages before her head fell against the wall. Why did it have to be so confusing? Maybe there was a modern translation somewhere. Or she could look up a summery. That would be easier to digest.
Maggie:
Dr. Strange's heart shattered. "Margaret..." He let his weapons fade. "He's not here. He's dead. You're safe."
Peter sighed. "It's easier...to be behind the mask. I feel more like me."
"Yeah. Did I do okay?"
Steve carried Peter out of the building. Fire was everywhere. A loop of golden light appear.
"We've established that. Is she alright?"
"Special case?"
"Mm-hm."
He raised an eyebrow. "Curious today?"
"I don't care what people think of me. I did the right thing." Peter asserted.
"He sleeps on the ceiling sometimes, darlin'." Steve laughed, just a little. Something had to give.
"Dr. Strange, I've heard of your work, always hoped I could see you in action, sorry about the accident." Dr. Cho said.
"Nice reflexes." Wade said, his sword sliced through the drone. "The good guys'll get assassinated at this rate. If these things can do that."
Steve smiled and pulled his helmet off and sat in the chair by Peter's bed, hoping he was out of the way enough for the doctor. She didn't even seem to notice him.
"That would be a 'yes' then." Dr. Strange sighed.
"Nothing. You're good for her. I think she's good for you too." Ness smiled. Even re-traumatized, he was so glad that Maggie still had the capacity to trust. That she still had Strange, herself, and Wade at the very least.
"What can we do to help, bud?" Steve wondered.
"Tell me where he is." He dropped her.
Peter piled a plate high and then went to the couch. "Wanna watch a movie so we don't have to endure him boasting about all the victories?" Peter asked Steve.
"Awesome!" Peter grinned. Maggie needed something a little more protective. "She'll be stoked."
"I'm not reading you bedtime stories." Strange insisted firmly.
Vanessa laughed. "You'll have to ask him or Dr. Cho that."
"I'm sorry."
Quentin turned off the display. He'd figured that Peter was more than just an intern. Not only an intern and Starks adopted son then...also a budding hero. That girl with him was a bit of a problem too, more than once she'd looked directly at his cameras as if she could tell they were there. That wasn't good. He leaned back in his seat. The boy seemed aware he was being watched, but she almost seemed to KNOW, even if she couldn't prove it.
Peter opened his mouth.
"No, not really." She nodded. "I can slow him down for a time, but I can't do enough damage to him even with him slowed down. Not with this thing." She gestured to her staff. "How do you feel about being offense?"
"What the fuck?"
Peter grinned and dug in.
Peter shrugged. "It's hard...I've never dealt with anything like this before. I'm...holding it together."
"We practiced with it on, it's never bothered me. Where what you want."
"Where is Peter?" Tony demanded, something...scary filled his chest. There was something wrong.
"I really want to know what was said." Tony grinned.
"OOOH, you make me blush, Stevie. I guess you can be ruthless, totally judged you wrong. Lemme help with that."
"I know." Peter leaned against Tony fully and closed his eyes. "'M tired."
"Sharp appendages." Maggie laughed. "No stitches this time." She sighed and stretched. "Wade and Strange will be pleased."
He needed her to keep Peter from trying to fight back. The kid was Spiderman, he would try to fight back, and he was smart. If he could immediately squash that instinct, everything would go a lot smoother. Which meant taking insurance. The girl would work in that way...
Maggie wasn't unused to being alone. But...she wasn't used to being in someone else's home alone. She couldn't do it. Couldn't use his kitchen and ingredients. She pulled on a pair of socks and left the apartment like rooms, then headed to the communal kitchen. It hurt to walk so far, especially without pain meds on board, but she made it. She'd used this kitchen before, on her Saturdays at the sanctum. This one felt less like intruding.
"Turned him down. He's too much work for a measly twelve percent." Pepper grinned.
"I've tracked down invisible people before, it's not hard. This is different. I can FIND invisible dangers. This I can't find." Maggie leaned forward and cupped her head in her hands. "And the nightmare, it sort of drifted off. I couldn't grasp it fully. I just want to know how to help him...or if I even can."
"Videos?" Christine wondered as she worked in a rush.
"Ask the bottling company. Pretty sure they have to disclose all nutrition information, per law."
"They're so cute." Wade gushed.
Steve spun him around and gave the insufferable man a kiss.
"Why are YOU talking to me?" Peter retorted, looking away. "Don't you hate me?"
An iron suit flew into the room and landed.
"Margaret Strange to the office, please."
"Understood, Captain."
"I don't care. My daughter was denied access to her medicine. She was sobbing in her class and when she tried to get ahold of me, your teacher took her phone."
Strange looked to the side at her small form in the bed. The pain he felt at seeing her hurt... Is this what a parent felt? He wasn't sure, he'd never been a parent, but he couldn't imagine feeling MORE terror and pain than what he'd just felt. She wasn't his mentee anymore...but could he claim her as his daughter? Not really, either. That...that would be her choice too. But he...he could easily see her as his own.
"Make yourself at home." He gestured.
"I can do that. Save your strength. I'll distract him. You help me find an opening, okay?"
Strange turned and saw the cloak still wrapped around her and lifting her upwards, into the air. "Please stop, she's hurt, she shouldn't be flying."
"Kid, isn't it almost your bed time?" Happy asked, approaching him.
"You're welcome." Maggie laughed. "Happy belated birthday, by the way."
"I want you to scream. Often enough and loud enough for Itsy Bitsy to know what I'm willing to do to keep him in line. If you're good and do what you're told, it'll only hurt a little bit."
"Thank you."
"Um. He fractured a couple ribs and both bones in his left forearm. He should be just fine. JARVIS flew him home. He passed out when he hit his head. They're pretty sure it's a concussion. Cho stepped out a few minutes ago and said he was doing okay."
She didn't even blink.
Peter frowned and pursed his lips. "You need a lift home?"
Peter frowned. She wasn't wrong, really. His parents could have put him up for adoption. May and Ben could have let him go into foster care when his parents died. Tony and Steve didn't have to adopt him just because he was sick and alone. Parents had to choose to care for a child. And Peter knew very well that some parents shouldn't have ever had any kids if they didn't choose to love them. But...could Maggie honestly not see that Dr. Strange didn't look at her the way a mentor looked at a mentee? A simple teacher-student relationship didn't explain all the concern and care. Didn't explain the sleepless nights Peter saw the doctor go through when Maggie'd been hurt.
"Hamlet."
"Sorry, they're hopeless. See you at practice later?" Maggie asked lightly.
"It's okay."
"Now you're trying to distract me." Peter said. "Really, what's up? Are you feeling okay? Any problems from the fight?"
"He's adorable, that has no baring on the performance delivered. Honestly. Just because Rose is cute doesn't make her a good companion."
"What?" Steve asked.
Tony frowned. Peter almost always came home in time for dinner, even if he went back out to patrol. He looked at Steve then ground his teeth together. "JARVIS, how's Peter's patrol going?"
Wade wrapped an arm around Vanessa and sighed.
"And?" Beck asked, sitting down across from Stane.
What...what the hell was this?
Maggie grit her teeth. She felt blood drip from her fingers. She was going to get out if she had to carve it out herself. She had to help the others. Stop this madness.
"Cool." Peter followed Happy out to the car. When they got in Peter sighed and relaxed against the back seat. "I think I'm going to sleep like a rock today. Pretty sure I had an adrenaline dump after that speech."
Strange did NOT like that. "'I should see the other guy'? What the hell is wrong with you?" Strange folded his arms over his chest. "She's down two units of blood, minimum. The cut on her side should have been seen to when it happened. She's lucky she hasn't passed out. That's her sheer will keeping her upright. She's barely hanging on and you're going to make a joke?"
No spidersense. No nothing. It was nice, quiet. He was happy to be cuddled with his dad. The only trouble was the nightmares, but then he'd wake up and...he was safe again. Better than their normal world. Peter was sure.
"'Night, Margaret."
"Not for two enhanced people and an engineer who needs to eat more often." Steve laughed. "Get cleaned up, we'll get this knocked out together."
"You lose points in gym on PURPOSE? Wow." She frowned. "You weren't born with your powers?"
Steve gave him a look.
"Her phone was in her back pocket when she left. I'll just track it and..." Wade's face fell. Was...that the same coffee shop that had closed for renovations? He hoped not. "It's in a coffee shop a couple blocks from the food bank. I'm gonna go find her."
"You are." Quentin patted his shoulder. "Anyone would be proud of the progress you're making. At your age, I was just happy if I made it to school on time. You've got this, kid."
"Came to check on a patient."
"She's having a nightmare." Vanessa whispered. It hurt to see the way her breath sped up, her eyes darting under her eyelids, her fists clenching.
Tony turned to Peter and held up his good arm. "Come here, kid."
He opened his eyes. He was in a basement. It was dark. There were microphones all over the room. The table next to him was covered in sharp objects. He looked down and saw just how tightly he was strapped down. His hands were forced flat against the arms of the chair. Just above his wrists was held down. Just above his elbows were hooked to the chair. There was an X of metal across his torso. His legs were strapped down like his arms. Even if he could get leverage, he wasn't sure the metal would budge.
Maggie nodded.
"Well, not quite, but yes."
Mindy took a little bow.
"Don't hurt him. I'll do anything."
Peter's eyes widened. "What? No. Wait. No!"
"Her grades are abysmal. She's been caught sneaking out of class, claiming panic attacks. She's lazy. She pretends like she's incapable of reading sometimes. She's always got some sort of excuse, always some lie lines up. She's a troubled child. And I don't think you've known her long enough to get the feel of her manipulations."
"Sir is currently being treated for broken bones and a concussion. He also needed ten stitches, but he appears to be doing alright, all things considered."
"I bet Professor X was peeved."
"Or...is it Peter Stark? Stark-Rogers? Rogers-Stark? Rogers? Do you hyphenate? Parker-Stark-Rogers?"
"No, sir. Last I can see of Peter, he was at school. Then he left. I can confirm it was him who texted you, but after that I lost him, sir. I'm sorry."
"Don't bother, he started groveling. I think he said something about CEO."
Dr. Strange walked down the steps and shook his head. "That girl should be in school. And you, what the hell? This place shouldn't just be open to the public."
"What? Tech's cool. I like seeing new tech. Sometimes AI's can be super complex, almost real. JARVIS is my boi. And DUM-E, he's adorable." He didn't mention Karen. Beck didn't know about her and he didn't want to have to try to explain her. "I just always assume they're friends I haven't met yet." Peter shrugged.
"Yeah...the things those people made our girl see... And Peter..." Vanessa wiped her face of tears.
"That's right." Steve gave him a thumbs-up. Then he walked forward and held out an arm. "Come here."
"Good. Ended up finding some of the weapons Vulture made. Thankfully the user was a dumbass and Maggie put a building back together."
Steve relaxed a little bit.
Strange frowned as he rinsed her hair.
"Come on! It's not fair that you can ship me off to a different side of the planet out of the blue during our spars! I bet I could use it! It would totally make things more fair!"
"We'll go soon." Peter promised and sat the baddie up on the corner of the building. "Karen, call the police. Let them know what happened. And Karen, is Dr. Cho around?"
"Like in the anime?" Maggie asked, confused. "Did I hit my head without knowing it?"
Beck didn't want to get caught working with Stane. Even if Stane managed to get his way with Stark, Quentin still wanted to see his own plan come to fruition. That meant he couldn't be caught on Stane's side if Stane lost to Stark (again). Either way, Beck would have to stay hidden, in the shadows. And that meant keeping the kid from being suspicious of him.
"Breathe, breathe."
"Hey, come on!"
"Ah-ah." The man in gold pressed a knife to Maggie's throat, blood began to slowly run down her skin. "Behave, little spider."
"Yeah. It feels normal...and new. New normal."
"Dad...something's wrong with me."
"I know that."
She almost felt sleepy, that middle-ground between rest and wakefulness.
"Harder than it looks, huh?" She asked.
"Oh, you just think he's cute." Strange rolled his eyes, but then mentally kicked himself. Was that something Margaret was comfortable with talking about?
Maggie took note of her free hand and, yep, she was fiddling with her necklace. She dropped her hand. "Stop being observant. Why is this even a video call?" She pressed the button to switch it just to voice and put her phone to her ear.
"Yeah?" She held up her fist.
"Witches. That's why we're called sorcerers. To avoid the witch-hunt." Strange deadpanned.
"No problem."
"Can I have i' back?" Maggie asked, shutting him up. If there was something she could wear to make sure she wouldn't be lost, she wanted it. Why'd they ever taken it off? She knew she was the one with the head injury, but that seemed stupid.
"Feeling a little stiff and sore, but I'm alright." Maggie answered then turned and started downing her water bottle. "I don't hurt too bad though, so plus."
Peter sighed. "Remember that trip to Oscorp?"
"Yeah, that's likely why the visions are spilling over. It'll probably be a bit disorienting, but we're going to keep an eye on it and work on it. It'll be a while before the physical damage is healed. After that we'll have a more concrete idea of what's going on in there and we can tackle the psychological side of it." He said. His hand shifted around hers. "I know you probably feel confused and...maybe not in normal reality, but the tests we've run have been good. They're good signs. The best thing you can do is rest and try not to stress too much. I know that's asking a lot. You've been through...trauma even before factoring the brain trauma. But it'll help if you rest and if you have any issues, let me know. I can talk you through what's happening and it might help."
"Ugh." Peter groaned. He had one. He'd had one since he got the internship. Once he'd been adopted he didn't need it. JARVIS knew him on sight and allowed him access to every place Tony deemed appropriate. "You gotta lay off of me."
"Peter, I can only do so much without you in the full suit. But there are no abnormalities that I can tell. It seems you're on the verge of a panic attack, however. I suggest calming, deep breaths."
"Well you, miss, happen to have seven hundred likes on youtube. Keep it up and you'll be a little star." Wade teased.
"You don't have to do that."
Peter dropped down next to her and could hear something metallic and shifting from somewhere on the other side of the building. "Hey, what's up?"
"Asking Stane NICELY to hand them over, of course." Nat batted her eyes innocently at Thor, then turned to Steve. "You should have come to us for help in the first place." She jabbed a finger in his chest. "We're a team for a reason. Do better next time." She stormed away.
That was by far the worst feeling.
It wasn't ticking anymore. Like her dad, the watch was dead.
Tony gently played with Peter's hair. "I'm sorry. I really didn't see it coming. I'm always careful, but it just happened."
"Does the book say they're usually invisible?"
Maggie blushed and looked away. "Uh... Harry Potter."
"Well, Mr. Stark was on the news, had some broken bones? Isn't he like...your foster parent?" She whispered the last bit quietly.
Dr. Strange returned with a plate and put it down on the edge of the bed before looking directly in her eyes with his own sharp gray-blue eyes. "They are. So much better than the last few times. Rest is doing you good." He held out his hand in a silent offer.
He hoped she could see him smile through the mask. He ran to the edge of the building and threw himself off. "Hey...dude... What's up?" He asked, landing in front of the man. A metal arm flew at him. Peter caught it. "Whoa. Cool, dude. Titanium? Nice. They telescope too? How do you control these things? Is it all mental? That's awesome!" It was. Peter wondered how this guy had something like that rigged on him. "Or do you have an AI?"
"I did not go on about you!" Tracy defended herself.
"There's no way I'll remember all of their names." Maggie sighed.
Steve looked at him, his eyebrows pulled together. The elevator opened.
"No. They're too busy confusing her with Thor's girlfriend."
"It's against policy, Mr. Strange."
"Aerial."
How long had it been? Peter wasn't sure. He'd been visited by his aunt more than once. She'd disowned him. Blamed him for her death and beat the shit out of him. He felt bruised everywhere. And he hadn't been able to stop crying for what felt like days. How long had he been here? Where was his Dad and Papa? He wanted to be with them, home, safe and sound.
Don't eat Tide Pods. Just a helpful hint. Someone figured out my hint and golden stars have been given out.
Letting go of her hand was a bad idea. The kid had fire in her eyes. A green sort of fire. She grabbed his knife from his belt and stabbed his leg. The kid managed to shove him off of her and take off.
"Mm. Torchwood was fun, but he got...very angry."
"I look good in blue." Peter shrugged casually.
Peter's throat felt dry, his stomach rumbled. "Ned, please stop."
"If it gets worse, let me know."
"Are you an idiot or something?" Maggie asked before she could stop herself. "It's physics." She realized she fucked up when the billionaire and GENIUS turned away from his work and stood, raising an eyebrow at her. She stammered. "It's... Uh. My powers don't work like that."
Peter got off the elevator and was instantly approached by two very worried looking parents. He held up his hand. "No. Stay back."
Steve walked up to his side and put the large plate on the side table. Then he reached out and ruffled Peter's hair. "Hey, I know we probably seemed mad, but we're really just worried. We love you and we want you to be safe."
"Nope."
"You won't."
"Hey!" Tony snapped, but Steve was already out of the room.
"Wait...you saw me? I've been up here all day." Tony looked at Steve, concerned.
"Time is complicated. Ever make more for yourself sometimes?"
"Martin didn't check in or come back...or finish the...TASK we assigned him."
Peter felt his cheeks burn. "Hello, Mrs. Wilson."
"They dissolve." Peter waved his hand.
A few moments later, Dr. Strange strode into the room.
"She's stronger than she thinks she is, isn't she?" Wong asked, concern in his voice.
"It's fine. I'm fine. Everything's fine." Peter sang with a laugh. "You do know what fine means, right?"
Peter climbed in through the window and got a shower. He couldn't believe it. Well, he knew Maggie had powers, she'd admitted to them, but the fact that she was out there fighting bad guys. That was amazing. What was her life even like? She was adopted by fucking Deadpool and was a hero and ballerina. Who does that?
"He was an officer, right?"
Wade laughed and held out his phone.
Peter took it and opened it, taking a drink. Somehow, it was still half-chilled. Happy was the best at it. Tony and Steve always had snacks and drinks within reach. But Happy, he always kept a couple different snacks and cold drinks in whatever car he was driving. And he always seemed to KNOW what Peter wanted or needed, like he had his own spidersense. Peter took a few slow breaths and another drink. His throat didn't feel so tight anymore, though his stomach continued to feel uneasy.
"What?"
"Scolding me for pride. You? Pot meet kettle." Tony laughed, but he still looked tired as he downed the two pills, chasing them with coffee.
"What's if he's not the direct target?" Dr. Strange offered after a few moments of thought.
Strange rolled his eyes. "Let this one air out, no more bandages, but use Vaseline, it'll help with the scarring." He said before checking the bandage on her ribs, cleaning the wound gently and rebandaging it.
"Give me a countdown on my HUD and calculate any possible weak spots in his armor."
"You need to be monitored for a bit. Make sure you react alright, but after we know how you're doing, I'll get you the pain meds, no more needles in you, and then you can rest, cool?"
"It's not cloudy."
"Mmhm." Maggie agreed. She wanted to know what happened. She still felt scrambled and she wasn't sure she'd understand or retain what he told her, but he wanted to try.
The girl in question was gazing with slightly mismatched eyes at Dr. Strange as Vanessa held her hand. The girl looked like she'd been to hell and back, but the sweet thing had the smallest smile as Strange read to her. "'Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind. Two of us will help you, whichever you would find.'" Strange quietly read the riddle.
He smiled. It looked like he understood.
"All of my dreams have come true, Dr. Strange. What if this one does too? Do... I make them happen because I know about them? A self-fulfilling prophecy..."
"What do I do if he asks me how I did it?" Peter wondered.
"This baby can power an average household for a year cleanly for less than what it costs to feed a family of five for a month. That's what. Though...factor in extras like swimming pools and constant A/C like in desert regions and it's a little less time, but yeah."
"You're still on my porch." Strange looked entirely unimpressed, his eyes narrowed.
It was always weird, in a completely innocent way, feeling someone else's flesh for the first time. Everyone felt DIFFERENT. Maggie always noticed. She didn't think most people did though, maybe because most people had regular human contact. She didn't. It was rare, maybe she paid more attention because of it. Professor X had thin skin, strangely soft hands. Vanessa's hands were smooth like silk, had rings on them, and usually warmer than hers. Wade's hands were much warmer than hers and covered in dips and scars. Dr. Strange's too were covered in scars, knotted raised things that had many different textures. His hands were cold. Did it have to do with the injury? Had the accident changed that? Or were his hands just normally cold?
"What?"
"You better give me updates. And call me for help if you need it. She's...she's just a tiny thing."
"Hey, Mags." Vanessa said, walking to the table. "We need to head out."
What's with the 80s movie references for Maggie-centric chapters? I don't know. This one is a looong chapter. Looks mostly like fluff, but there are important plot things hidden in here. Promise. Oh, and all the references. Benedict Cumberbatch once played Hamlet so, there's that. Plus, Doctor Who stuff and Hannibal things. If you haven't seen some behind-the-scenes pics of Hannibal, the tennis shoes thing won't make sense, but in Hannibal Mads' character always wears fancy suits, but most times he's wearing tennis shoes with them outside of the frame. It's funny.
"He's not going to follow them, you realize? The no knife and no gun rule? Those are going to be broken so damn fast." Tony did not sound happy about it.
