John is remarkably gentle for a man who could twist you into a choke hold, break your arm with ease, or shoot you dead without hesitation. He’s a constant marvel with all his contradictions, really. He wears his emotions so plainly on his face, yet usually restrains them so strictly in his actions and speech. Sometimes Sherlock wonders if John realises just how exposed his own expressions leave him. His eyes betray him always, making the pure affection he has for Sherlock utterly unambiguous in moments like this.
“But you’ve fainted. That’s not typically a sign of wellness, Sherlock,” he relents, “When was the last time you ate a meal — a proper meal, not Bakewell tarts or plain toast?”
? So you don’t remember?” John rounds on him, frustrated, “You could have a concussion, Sherlock. Is there anything else you’re downplaying or simply lying about?”
It’s not really a lie: anything he can’t remember is, by default, unspectacular. He moves past John towards the kitchen, making it plainly evident that he is finished with the discussion, but John falls into close step behind him.
The concern woven into each syllable reaches deep and plants tendrils that pull tight, stilling Sherlock in his movements. It’s not often that someone’s voice compels him to pause and look back, and yet he does turn on his heels to meet John’s eyes again. Sherlock hesitates. He almost never hesitates. It creeps up his spine and makes the hair on the back of his neck stand on end. John’s ability to force Sherlock to question himself is terrifying.
Sherlock makes a thoughtful noise, intrigued by the deduction. “How have you concluded that?” he asks as John pulls another strip free.
The extent of the vertigo is made nauseatingly clear when Sherlock attempts to turn his head to investigate. The rapid shift in equilibrium makes it feel as though his brain is lurching inside his skull, slopping around in its cerebrospinal fluid. So deeply unpleasant is the sensation that it thrashes down to his stomach, forcing the nasty taste of bile into the back of his throat. He fights gravity trying to pull him down again and seeks respite from the swaying walls and furniture by covering his eyes with his hands.
“This isn’t just a simple cut. It’s a laceration with heavy bruising and swelling consistent with blunt force trauma.”
John looks at him, eyes searching for a hidden lie in the lines of Sherlock’s expression, then looks away and nods to himself. “Okay.”
The effect of his voice is visible in the way that it ripples down the muscles of John’s back, straightening his spine. Then he’s on his feet within seconds. He lingers by the table, unsure, an almost irritated expression on his face, like he’s expecting disappointment. Sherlock raises his brows and tilts his chin upwards, beckoning for John to join him. It’s obvious he doesn’t know where to look as he approaches and comes to stand beside Sherlock.
This statement hurts distantly, deep down inside Sherlock. He never intends to make John feel inferior. It’s quite the opposite, in fact: he’s put him on a pedestal above all others. John has become an intrinsic part of Sherlock’s daily life and he no longer feels complete without him. Surely that is the highest compliment he can possibly bestow.
“Christ,” he groans, and it’s barely intelligible with how anesthetised his tongue feels. It’s not the only thing either — everything feels wrong and heavy as his senses tune in and out blearily like a broken radio.
“You just want to correct me and make me feel stupid," John says dryly, folding his arms over his chest.
It’s an unexpected blessing that John is not here to ask probing questions that Sherlock does not yet have the answers for. But if he does not get up and clear away the evidence, John will ask them anyway. This thought comes much too late and Sherlock sighs as he hears the front door open and close, then the even thump of footfalls on the staircase.
“You would need to have hit something hard with considerable force to cause an injury like this,” John muses as he peels the second strip from its backing and applies it a few centimetres above the first.
“You already began your deductions with the wound, but you have yet to examine the scene to build the full picture,” Sherlock says simply, smiling in encouragement.
“Would you make me a cup of tea?” he offers instead, attempting to push John’s compulsive helpfulness onto a new path.
Sherlock hadn't thought about that yet. "I don't know what to do. What do you and Mary want? You are the parents after all." oh, how it pained Sherlock to say that.
Then he prepared a cheese and tomato sandwich for lunch. As he was eating the doorbell rang, and he heard Mrs. Hudson cheerfully greet the person standing in the doorway. Sherlock heard Lestrade's voice say something along the lines of 'hello, it's great to see you, can I come in, is Sherlock in, etc...'
Sherlock gave John his arm again as the doctor reached into his bag and pulled out a blood pressure cuff. "Take me to Dr Clarke instead. She knows about me, and it would take a while to convince the hospital staff I'm pregnant. I once had a doctor who wouldn't treat me until he did a physical examination of my genitalia. There are no laws against it."
"We can go home now. You're not allowed to drive so I'll drive you back to baker street. We can get a cup of coffee in Speedy's if you like."
They stood there in silence, sharing the same breath, until John seemed to realise how close he was standing to Sherlock. He abruptly took a step backwards, and took his hand off Sherlock's belly.
"Whatever you want. If you find an egg donor you would prefer then use that lady's ova. If not, then I would be perfectly happy for you to use mine."
He took a deep breath before saying, "No. It would be an honour to be either one of those for you. So have
"Sure." The detective passed over the laptop he was partially sitting on. "Here you go. The password is ex59sabny%-."
This particular torturer Sherlock felt was one of the best and worst for different reasons. He was less imaginative with the pain than most of the others which was an obvious plus, but what wasn't so good was that he was endlessly boring.
"That's good. I'm connecting it now, tell me if something feels wrong." John clipped the tube dangling behind his ear to the bag full of a yellow-white liquid. A few seconds later he felt the slightly uncomfortable feeling of it draining into his stomach.
The two men ducked under the police tape and came into a room where an elderly man lay in a large bed. It looked quite a lot like the scene in Macbeth after Macbeth kills King Duncan, Sherlock thought.
"Where is the room?" Sherlock enquired. Lestrade meanwhile was busy choking on a piece of doughnut that had gotten stuck in his throat. The consultant thumped him on the back a few times.
Next he went out to the local Waterstones book shop and picked up a new moleskin notebook. He planned on writing about everything that happened in the lead up to and during his pregnancy to keep track of even the most minute changes. Sherlock then went over to the maternity section.
"I think we should tell Mrs Hudson I'm pregnant. I know it's early days, but she's really worried, I can see it written all over her. She's bringing me cups of tea every hour and chatting to me and holding my hand and saying that if I ever need to talk to someone then she's there for me. It's awful, John. Awful!"
"No, she wasn't there, I made sure of it. I believe she hired someone else to run it. I didn't expect her to actually do it herself, she'd get bored."
Lestrade led Sherlock up a rather extravagantly decorated stairwell. The stairs were covered in a plush red carpet, the three walls had wallpaper with small pieces of what looked to be real gold, and three large paintings hanging on each of them. The paintings were very old, and from the grandeur of the whole place, one could assume very expensive.
Whilst he was tucking in to his crispy duck, John suddenly thought about what everyone else is going to think about Sherlock. From what he'd gathered, only Sherlock's family knew that he could have children. Unless they all move to a quiet spot in the countryside, once Sherlock starts to show people are going to talk. Considering the fact that they were now celebrities, the press would probably take an interest in his new figure.
Today they were going to get the first clear ultrasound picture. It was the start of week nine, meaning the baby was about the size of a cherry. Sherlock sat on the bed next to the monitor and stared at the model of a pregnant lady's uterus across the room. John and Mary sat together on chairs pulled up to next to the bed.
John answered first, "All of our close friends were very supportive when we told them. They were surprised, of course, but that's to be expected. And as for my family, well, they don't know. I stopped talking to my parents after they threw my sister out for being gay, and me and her aren't very close anymore."
"Surrogacy has its own difficulties. We thought that if we were going to use a surrogate, then we would ideally like it to be someone we know. Same goes for the egg donor. We talked to Sherlock about this over some coffee and then Sherlock made us an offer."
It was an unavoidable fact that he would receive hate and discrimination for his condition. So would John and Mary, for that matter. Coming out as gay or bisexual was difficult enough for celebrities, let alone as intersex.
The doctor stood up again said, "Let's get out of here before anyone spots your brother's car waiting outside." he then walked ahead and out of the room, past a group of staring cameramen and various other people.
"How many are you hoping to implant?" Sherlock and John stood up. Sherlock pulled the blue and white hospital gown he was wearing further down his legs.
It felt rather intimate to Sherlock, John's hand on the baby. No-one except himself and Dr Clarke had touched there. It was something that couples do all the time, in fact it would be unusual for the partner not to touch the baby bump that housed their offspring. But no matter how much Sherlock wished it were different, his and John's relationship remained platonic.
"Of course. I spoke with Mary, she's fine with it too. And anyway, I would never let you do that alone. We don't need you accidentally offending the entire nation." John smiled.
"I'm good Mrs H. How are you?" he ducked his head to give her a kiss on the cheek and sat himself opposite her.
"But I thought you wanted to celebrate the mystery thing I'm not allowed to know about. Come on Sherlock, don't be a prude." he waved his glass at him.
"Right this way." Sherlock followed after them. They came up to a soft toy play area. Sitting playing with a doll was Isabella.
"No. We have rich relatives and very large inheritances. My grand-mère had lots of properties across England and France, and when she died she left everything to us. Remember that hotel by the sea you went to for your honeymoon for free because I said the owner owed me a favour?"
"It means that an individual, whether they identify as male, female, or something else, was born with different sexual characteristics. This means that a baby girl could be born with a testes as well as her ovaries, and the opposite can be said for boys."
"Because I don't know what I'll find. I'm so sorry, but at this point it is unlikely that your daughter is alive. The best case scenario is that I find Isabella, and return her to you safe and sound. In the worst case scenario, then I can offer you closure."
Despite all the will in the world, he cannot refer to the detailed schedule he’s drawn up in his head for John’s daily living without knowing what time it is. He doesn’t even know what day it is, come to think of it. He has lost time somehow — a whole day, by the looks of it. He pushes it to the back of his mind before it can take root.
Sherlock cannot help but feel impressed by the way John digests and condenses the events so efficiently. He’s a quick study. “Very good, John. I deduced the same scenario to be the most likely when I awoke,” Sherlock says, and realises his mistake immediately.
When he feels steady he looks down to see the bemused look on John’s face. There are questions poised to find voice on his tongue and a hint of amusement in the slight curl of his lips. Sherlock resist the urge to chastise him for finding this funny, but pauses to consider the way John’s pupils dilate with interest. His fingers tighten as he stares up into Sherlock’s carefully stoic face instead of letting go. It’s not amusement, he decides. It’s a half-nervous, half-excited response to their close proximity.
His head explodes. Or at least, that’s what it feels like is happening when he wakes up on the floor with pain striking bright white across the left side of his cranium. He tries to keep his eyes open, but cannot help abide the compulsion to screw his lids shut on ever blink as the ceiling spins him into waves of nausea. Paradoxically, sitting up feels like falling down and he’s not entirely sure which way is up when he tries to move.
"Oh my god. That's my baby. I can see where my baby is." John's voice was quiet. He stepped forwards until he was right in front of Sherlock, looking down at the evidence that his child was growing.
Sherlock made his way downstairs. He knocked on the door to 221A and let himself in when he heard Mrs Hudson say "Come in!"
"Good god, I'm not an invalid. Although now I think about it I do need to give myself another injection and I left it at home, so I'll be going now. Goodbye, and make sure that girl gets an appointment with a therapist, and soon."
John opened the door. The woman on the other side looked to be in her mid thirties, with red hair that was artfully done up in a bun. She clearly spent a lot of time on her outfit as well, her clothes were all pristine and matching; the colours all varying shades of blue.
Sherlock went up to the kitchen and opened the tin with the crackers. He took two plain ones out and went back to the sofa. Once sitting he took the tiniest bite out of the corner of one of them. The detective chewed it, swishing it around his mouth and trying not to gag.
A crash came from Sherlock's bedroom, making the couple jump. A moment later the madman came out of his room with a folder and a glass bottle the size of a small tea cup. He quickly walked over to the coffee table and placed the two items in front of John and Mary.
"Honestly, it might. I'll tell Dr Clarke to bring a feeding tube, that might make it easier to keep stuff down. Are you okay with that?" John pulled out his phone.
"Me, a prude? Seriously? I can't drink alcohol at the moment. That's all. You enjoy your posh wine, I enjoy my children's menu apple juice."
"I'm good, love. Do you need something? Or have you just come for a little chat?" She shut the newspaper and put it to one side.
Sherlock walked in and sat down on the grey sofa opposite their tv. In his pocket he carried with him the final shot of hormones. He felt quite embarrassed that he couldn't do it himself, but he was only used to small injections. Sherlock had walked from Baker Street to Mary and John's place to get some exercise, because he probably wouldn't be wanting to do any after tomorrow.
"But luckily for me," Sherlock continued, "My brother has eased my way through any legal proceedings, and the matter of my identity has never been revealed."
"We really can't thank you enough Sherlock. Very few people would be prepared to do this for someone else. I'm sure Mary will agree that we owe you for the rest of our lives." John thanked him.
"I would never ingest anything of the sort without rigorous testing on other people." Sherlock remarked.
John runs his fingers gently over the scars. He had seen soldiers with similar wounds in Afghanistan, but none of them had writing marked into them. This seemed so much more personal.
All of John's fears have now been confirmed. He had treated him like shit when he returned, beaten him to a pulp several times on the first night and avoided him afterwards. What if he had been tortured not long before he had hit him? How much pain had he caused him?
"Umm, well, uhh, could you get me an Indian takeaway? I've been fancying one all day. My usual order please." he backed out of what he wanted to say at the last minute.
"Ah, yes, here you go." John said, handing over a small plastic tub. John was sitting in the clinic's practise room they had been in last time. Mary wasn't there because she had to go up north to visit a sick relative.
"No. Look, I'll show you." Sherlock stood up and took off his jacket. He turned to the side so they could see the slight bump.
"It hasn't, really. The only reason it would have effected me is if I told people about it. Some people who are not cisgender decide to have surgeries to make them feel more comfortable, but I have never felt that I needed that. Instead I've simply taken testosterone since I was about twelve."
Sherlock can definitely guess what it is. A few seconds after it is waved under his nose he feels a familiar burning in his eyes, nostrils, and lungs. Acid. And from the putrid smell he assumes it's Sulphuric acid, Ph 2.75.
"Are you saying that you would just be a surrogate or are you willing to donate your eggs too?" Mary said.
The soon-to-be-surrogate switched on the TV and turned the channel to BBC 1. John always thought Sherlock hated science fiction, but secretly he enjoyed it.
John could ask Harry, but it probably wouldn't be a good idea to allow an alcoholic to carry a baby, no matter how much she says she has 'recovered'. Candidates for the egg donor is even more tricky for Sherlock to think of. Molly probably wouldn't do it, it would be too strange for her to have a child that was genetically both her's and John's. Again it is possible for Harry to be an egg donor, but if that were to happen then John wouldn't be able to be the Father.
"Yes, Mr Holmes. You can stay there while I do the IV, but I need you to sit up for the tube. It will be this needle attached to the liquid in this bag, see? It needs to stay attached to the pole."
"I will always be there for you throughout all of this. I must get started on some knitting, do you know if the baby is a boy or a girl?"
Sherlock wondered what the child's name would be. If he had to decide it would be something french, like Odette and Camille for girls, or Alexandre and Mathieu for boys. John and Mary would probably want to call their child something plain and English like Lucy or Benjamin. Something he would hate.
Sherlock held up the newspaper, which showed a picture of himself coming out of New Scotland Yard with his collar turned up. A red arrow pointed at the tube coming out of his nose. The title read 'Is Sherlock Holmes Sick?'
Sherlock looked up from where he had his head in his hands and saw his friends with very different emotions on their faces. Mary looked utterly confused, like she was trying to work out whether or not Sherlock was kidding. For anyone else she would have brushed off his comment as a joke. A joke in very bad taste, but a joke none the less. However, this was Sherlock Holmes after all, and one could never quite work out if he was messing around or not.
Mary continued, "Thank you. Anyway, we went back to Baker Street for a cup of tea and we told him what we'd just found out.
"If everything goes according to plan then I will tell you on the 13th of August, and not a day earlier."
"I am probably dehydrated. I have been feeling nauseas for the past three days solidly, when will the drugs kick in?" Sherlock looked very pale.
"Yes. I'm sure. I can't give John children, and I'm obviously upset about that, but it doesn't mean we can't be parents. I love you so much Sherlock, and I know John does too. I'm going to go and let you talk to John now. See you soon!" she patted him on the shoulder and walked out. John came in a second later.
"Can't tell you that, sorry. My car should be here any moment now." Almost exactly after he said that a car honked outside. "Got to go, bye! Good luck with the case."
"I don't want to be known as 'the man who got pregnant' or 'the intersex detective'. There's a lot more to me than that. I am one of the greatest and most successful detectives that has ever lived, and I'm worried that that'll become overshadowed by all of this."
You could see the moment Molly put the pieces together in her head. Her eyes went wide for a moment, but then she quickly schooled her features to remain neutral.
"But John look! The finger prints are facing away from the body!" John, Sherlock, and Lestrade stood in the newly appointed detective chief inspector's office. Sherlock's phone rang, his ringtone Handel's Messiah.
John was silent for a moment, taken aback by Sherlock's words. "You deserve to live, Sherlock. You know that, right?"
There was a pause on the other end of the line, then "Okay. I'll get a warrant and bring them both in. Do you wanna come down here?"
"Come here my boy." Mrs Hudson stood up and came round to Sherlock. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and drew him into her chest.
"Do you mind if I hang around here for a while? I've got nowhere to be and if I go back to my place I'll just have to tidy up." John said.
"Oh there you are. Shit you look bad. Here, let me help you." John wrapped his arm around the detective's waist and helped him over onto the couch.
Trigger Warning: Discussion about rape (sex under the influence of drugs for a bag of cocaine) and trans/interphobic language.
"In some cases, yes, a vagina and a penis. More commonly, someone would have something called an ovotestis, which is an organ that is half ovarian tissue and half testicular tissue. I am sorry if this conversation is making you uncomfortable."
He heaved into the toilet bowl. This was the fourteenth time in as many days Sherlock had woken up with the need to vomit. The food he had eaten last night swirled around the basin producing a putrid smell that just made him more and more nauseous. He flushed the toilet and washed his mouth out with tap water.
He was looking over some cold case files in Lestrade's office. The older detective had been on the end if some very insistent nagging, so after a few days finally gave in and gave Sherlock a whole box of cases to choose from.
He knows his choice, and in two days time he'll know John and Mary's. Until then all Sherlock can do is research more on pregnancy in non-cisgender people, and hope that John wants him do this.
"I have the necessary components of a female reproductive system to carry a child. When John and Mary said they were looking for a surrogate and egg donor, I volunteered. We talked about it, and a week later they had made their decision, and I had made mine.
John ran through the doorway from the kitchen. "What is? Are you alright? Should I call an ambulance?"
They walked up to the car that was parked at the end of the street and got in the back. John was already sitting in the passenger seat.
At first they would assume that he has put on some fat, but in the late second and third trimester, people will want answers. What on earth can they say? Sherlock probably wouldn't want the whole world to know he's got a baby inside of him. If they told everyone he was pregnant there would be people strongly against him.
"I don't know. You probably wont be running around after criminals, your joints won't be up to it. I thought you said you wanted to retire to Sussex to keep bees?"
"It came back... well we got the result we wanted." Sherlock smiled widely and rested a hand on his belly.
He put on a pair of trainers that he usually only wore when he went to the gym, (a private one owned by Mycroft, not one of the filthy public places), and a fleece. Sherlock passed Mrs Hudson on the way outside and she nearly dropped her tea when she saw what he was wearing. She didn't say anything though, just kissed him on the cheek and shut the door behind him.
"I'm an adult, I can make my own decisions. And I've been thinking about this for months. I'm certain. The embryo is being implanted in six days."
"Honestly, all of this gamete collection business is a lot more pleasurable for all you cisgender males." Sherlock joked. It earned him a smile from John and a twitching upper lip from the other doctor.
"That was one time! And I won't be offending anyone. If I do though, feel free to subtly kick me in the shins."
John placed the folder back down on the table after he had read it. "I know that if you did this Sherlock that you would be very responsible and stay off anything that could harm the baby. What I want to know is if you are sure about this. Because once you start the process then you can turn back up until you actually become pregnant. After that you would have to see it through."
It was common knowledge that the regional pack groups met only once a season, and the upcoming Hunter’s Moon would be the event for autumn. He knew that if he attended tonight, he could expect to be chosen and invited to join the London combined Packs to run on the next full moon. As a Beta, it was likely that he would be courted by any number of Packs. He was a soldier and a doctor, and even though he had no specialized training in lycanthropic medicine, that was an issue easily sorted.
He hadn’t realized how sterile the Rehabilitation Center was until he made it into the hospital proper. Intellectually he’d known the RC was a Sentinel-rated facility, created specifically for those with the most enhanced senses and empathic abilities, but as a regular human he’d never been able to tell the difference it made. With his newly-enhanced Were senses, moving out of the shielded rooms was an explosion of cacophony in his head. The cloying miasma of drugs and sickness clogged his nose, and a bitter tang of worry sprinkled with tears battled the heavy pall of putrefaction to coat his tongue. The roar of a thousand voices dancing with the angry whir of machinery overloaded his ears and the unfiltered lights burned his eyes. He found himself leaning unsteadily against the wall of the building, trying desperately not to be sick.
The faith that John and Mary had in him was surprising. Sherlock was also surprised by Mary's view on him providing half of the genes necessary for a baby. He would have thought she'd be angry over not being able to be the genetic mother herself, and perhaps resenting him a bit for being able to provide John with something she can't.
The door knocked. "I'll get it!" Mary said. She ran downstairs and greeted the guests. From the sound of it, Greg and Molly had arrived together.
"Good. I'm glad. Do you have absolutely everything you need to solve the case?" Emily asked. She seemed to be the wiser spouse.
As he was browsing, a young women came up to him. She wore frightfully bad make-up which made her skin look orange and flaky. Her eyelashes were stuck together in clumps with what was probably a cheap mascara, and her eye shadow was so over the top it made the bottom of her eyebrows blue. He didn't say anything though because she looked slightly round around her middle, and that combined with looking at maternity books made him believe she was pregnant.
"Of course. There are lot's of different factors, so I'll just list some elements you should consider. There's pain relief, which can be an epidural, gas and air, or even just meditation. You can have a water birth, which many women say can help ease some of the pain. There's the choice between at a hospital or at home. And, if you don't want any natural births, then you can always get a cesarean. That'll leave you with a scar though."
"I would never want baby Watson to go through any of this. The gender dysphoria and the name calling can be horrific, especially when you are young. That's why I made Dr Clarke have a geneticist check each of the embryos put inside of me. All of them were carriers of the intersex gene, but none will be affected."
"Television. It will convince more people that I am telling the truth. If I just said it over the radio, then people could say I am making it up, or worse, mocking people. If I do it over the TV, I can wear clothes that accentuates the bump."
Just then the doorbell rang. Sherlock stood up and half-walked/half-ran to the door to take their orders from the Chinese takeaway man outside. He thanked him in flawless Mandarin, and ran back upstairs after paying.
He swung his legs over the side of the bed and used John's shoulder to help him up. They walked back into the lounge, the dying sunlight casting shadows across the room.
"I assume that you didn't notice anyone following you." Sherlock had his hands in his prayer position under his chin.
After listening to all of what John had to say, Sherlock was somewhat surprised to hear just how dire Mary's fertility situation was. In theory they could treat her, but it could take a while and pregnancy at her age came with a higher risk of a miscarriage.
"No, I'm glad. But if something like that ever happens again then you save yourself, Sherlock, I mean it."
"Oh. I'm so sorry, I must have forgotten you were gone. Let's go upstairs now, I'll show you." Sherlock put his card into the reader when the barista came back.
As a way of answering Sherlock abruptly stood up from the table and ran to the bathroom. He knocked a chair over in the process making most of the restaurant stare after him. John got up and followed him wordlessly to make sure he was okay.
Dimmock looked uncomfortable for a minute, scrambling for a good response. The doors opened before he could think of one though, and Sherlock walked out.
John had no idea what to say in response to that speech. It was an angle on death that he had never heard of before, and a rather strange one at that. He could see where the madman was coming from though.
She hanged up. Sherlock felt relief that they took it well. He went to bed and fell asleep within ten minutes.
"Better to be safe than sorry. And this is quite a high-risk pregnancy. Go get some rest, I'll wake you at six if you're not already up, otherwise you won't sleep tonight."
John looked to Mary for support in this and she nodded firmly. After hearing this Sherlock tried to think of anyone who would possibly be a surrogate for Mary and John. There was Molly, of course, who would almost certainly be kind enough to give up her uterus for nine months to allow Mary and John to have a child. Mary's friend Janine might have done it in the past, if Sherlock hadn't broken up their fake relationship in one of the cruelest ways possible. Mary didn't have many other friends, and certainly none that are close enough for her to consider asking them to be her surrogate.
All he would ever be to his biological child would be the eccentric, funny-looking man best friends with their dad.
In the distance, through the pain, he thinks he hears someone. The voice gets louder, and the sound clearer. He thinks he hears his name sound over and over again.
"And you're not even charging us! If we used another surrogate and egg donor then the cost could get up to sixty thousand pounds, and that's assuming it worked the first time 'round. If you hadn't offered, the only chance we would have at having a child would be through adoption. And I'm not even going to pretend that we would get approved for that."
"So sorry Lestrade, but I'm a bit busy today. Take lots of photos and send them to me and I'll see what I can do."
"Oh, you're that famous one. Come in, come in." Sherlock was led into the house. He went through a wide corridor and came into a kitchen where he sat down at the kitchen table.
Sherlock found himself waiting downstairs an hour and fifteen minutes later. He didn't want to disturb his landlady this early on in the morning, so he might as well wait for Mary here.
"I'm sure. Mycroft can deal with anyone who has a serious problem with it, and it could do amazing things for intersex rights. Not many people in our generation know that we even exist. We aren't allowed to change our sex classification unless we identify as transgender and have a diagnosis of gender dysphoria. There is also very little protection for us against discrimination and we don't have the same rights as men and women."
"I'll book an appointment with Dr. Clarke as early as possible. She will probably give me some pill or injection to take for the next few months."
"I think that this wasn't just a random event, this was planned. I saw a photo of Isabella and Jasmine, and they both look just about similar enough to be confusable. The kidnapping was very discreet, which would have been very tricky considering there about thirty witnesses, and no-one saw anything."
"Easy, easy! Don't get your knickers in a twist. It's this way. I'm sorry, I was just surprised. Because, well, you know..." Lestrade cut off his speech awkwardly, gesturing to Sherlock's outfit. "John's already up there waiting. He's taking a look at the body right as we speak."
"Well then. I'll start from the beginning. I got up to the roof top and Moriarty was there. That much you know. He started talking about how much I had disappointed him, and how he thought I was going to be his only worthy adversary. He then said that I had to jump, or he was going to kill Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, and, well, you." John's face remained carefully blank. He knew this part.
"Hi John, I need you to convince Gavin here that I'm not on drugs. He caught me with a needle and I don't really want to explain to him my situation, so please just tell him to drop it. I'm passing you over now." with that Sherlock walked out of the bathroom and back to Lestrade's office.
One week ago John had confided in Sherlock that he and Mary had been trying to conceive their first child for over a year now, and were as of yet having no luck. He said that they were going to go to a fertility clinic next week so they could try and shed some light on their problem. Sherlock had managed to deduce that they were trying for a baby a few months earlier, but hadn't said anything. John said that Mary hadn't wanted anyone to know that they were trying to conceive, so the doctor begged Sherlock not to tell Mary he knows. This information combined with the fact that Mary looked sadder than John as well as guilt-ridden, led him to assume that their must be something wrong with Mary's body and not John's sperm.
"Nope. All I know is that out of the embryos that were put in two were of one gender and one was of the other. I don't know if it was two girls and one boy or vice-versa. But I still think it's going to be a girl."
"Don't worry, nothing serious. Just some salt tablets, Sherlock has low blood pressure and we are trying some new meds for it." John lied smoothly.
"They accepted, and within a week I started to take a cocktail of different hormones to help me get ready. Then finally I underwent IVF, and thankfully it worked the first time. This was just over four months ago, so I am currently seventeen weeks along."
"We do have something to tell you all, that's why we invited you. Sherlock, do you want to start?" John spoke up.
He smiled apologetically. "Of course. Would you mind elaborating a bit more on what happened? We got a quick overview from Ms Hobbs who visited you, but we would love it if you could describe to us in your own words what happened to you all to get to this point."
Over the next few days Sherlock kept to his word and thought a lot about what is -possibly- going to happen. He gave his remaining cigarettes to a man in his homeless network; he actually cleaned the flat from top to bottom; and he went down to the library and researched for hours on pregnancy. Most of the books he read were about women's pregnancy, but that was to be expected. He did however find one small entry in a big book about a transgender man (FTM) who put his sex change on hold to have a baby.
"No, it's fine. I'm going to bed now. Goodnight, dad. Bonne nuit, maman." the French rolled off his tongue as easily as English.
"Не бојте се, то вам неће помоћи. Ако ми тренутно не кажете који су вам планови, ја ћу вам то сипати по леђима. Да ли је то разумљиво?" (Now don't be afraid, it won't help you. Unless you tell me the plans right now, I'll pour this on your back. Is that understood?) Petrović said in a quiet voice. Midway through he had taken something that looked like a jam jar filled with a clear liquid and waved it in front of Sherlock's eyes.
Sherlock paid the driver and got out of the cab. He had only just left the house after staying in and resting since the Thursday before. The detective turned his collar up to try to hide the tube coming out of his left nostril. It was stuck to his face with white surgical tape and Sherlock had it tucked over his ear. At the end of it was a dark blue external connecter that clipped onto another tube which the food came down.
"Mary and I have been trying to have a baby for a year now, so we went to a fertility clinic today. My sperm is fine, but unfortunately it will be impossible for us to have a baby naturally. Mary's uterus will not allow her to carry any children, and her eggs never reach the maturity required to be suitable for conception."
She nodded and asked, "Do I know you from somewhere. You look familiar but I can't quite place you. My name's Eleanor by the way."
"Um, could you maybe, uhh, pull your trousers down a bit?" John said awkwardly. Sherlock blushed and undid the button and the fly. John took the massive needle from Sherlock and pushed it in. Sherlock winced slightly but otherwise didn't say anything.
The presenter continued his questioning by saying, "Okay, so you believe that it should be up to the teenager about whether or not they transition. But what if the parents oppose it, say for religious reasons? Surely it is better for the family if the child stays as they are."
"I will ask my boss about whether or not we can do it, but I think the answer is going to be yes. Would you mind if I ask you some questions; I need to write down some notes."
"We are going to look into a combination of surrogacy and donor conception now so if we did have a child then he or she would at least have genetic relations to one of his parents. If we don't find a surrogate we like then we are going to adopt. John and I are desperate to have a child Sherlock, I can't believe that it is going to be so hard!" Mary's eyes then started to water again, but she quickly wiped them with her sleeve.
"He just said that it was for medical reasons, and that you would be doing it every day for the foreseeable future. If you ever need to talk, I'm here okay Sherlock. You know that right?" Worry was clear on Lestrade's face.
"Yeah. Oh god, Mary and I need to start shopping for baby things. We need so much stuff! When we find out the gender in about three weeks it will be easier to shop for clothes and gender-specific things, but at least we can stock up on nappies and dummies."
"Yes. Four months gone. Look." Sherlock pulled his top up to his chest. The skin below was noticeably rounded, and dozens of tiny purple stretch marks had begun to form on the ivory coloured skin. Someone else might be upset about the scars, but Sherlock really couldn't care less.
"That we could have something to do with it?! How dare you Mr Holmes! We loved our daughter!" Mr Grayson had colour rising in his cheeks at an alarming rate.
Sherlock was about to go downstairs but he heard Mrs. Hudson open the door, followed by the inevitable 'hellos' and 'it's lovely to see you agains' and the 'may we come ins'. He briefly wondered what Mrs. Hudson would say if he got pregnant, and whether or not she would approve. Then he remembered that she had been a stripper, used to co-run a drug cartel with her murderous ex-husband, and that she'd always assumed that John and himself were a couple up until he had married Mary. She probably wouldn't mind at all.
deal, but to them it was unexpected, yes, but not nearly as much as some of the other things that have happened within the last few years.
"Definitely Doctor Who. I believe that John and I both have had too many hours at the clinic today, I can't bare to see another patient. Even if they're on the telly." Mary replied.
"You can send out good thoughts, or whatever other hippy stuff you like. And tell me everything you notice about the Whitleys. And if they seem even the tiniest bit defensive, then put their daughter and any other siblings in protective custody."
They spent the next half hour going over the details of the pregnancy and what would happen in the interview. Sherlock was starting to get nervous. "When is the interview going to be?" he asked.
"I don't want a c-section, and I want some sort of painkillers to help me. I think we should wait to decide on home or hospital nearer the time. Nine-months pregnant me will probably have some strong opinions on it."
"Yes. Two, in fact. Intersex people can also have something called an ovotestis, which is an organ with both ovarian and testicular tissue. That is the most common form. I have an extremely rare case of true hermaphroditism, I have a complete female reproductive system, and a partial male one."
After ten minutes of showing them how to do it and then quizzing them, Dr. Clarke said to Sherlock, "I want you to inject yourself now, just so I know you can do it. Then, every day for the next twelve days, you need to inject yourself just like this, okay? Lie back and pull your shirt up."
It was still pitch black outside when Sherlock woke up to a horrible feeling low in his belly. He groaned softly into his pillow before swinging his legs over the side of the bed and into his slippers. He walked to the bathroom and sat down on the toilet seat to confirm his suspicions.
"I'm not a private detective, I'm a consulting detective. I don't ask for money. I just want to ask your permission to work this case first. The Yard is about to leave it as a cold case, and I only have five days with it. But I guarantee you that I'm your best bet, and I won't ask for anything in return." Sherlock sipped his tea.
Sherlock did see. The cold hard pain of the fact that he would be giving up the baby in a few short months manifested into an ache in his chest worse than ten broken ribs. "I see her."
John hesitated for a few seconds. "Yes, yes I do. Nothing you say could ever make me hate you, Sherlock. Angry, sure. But I could never hate you."
The detective stepped in without thanking John and trotted up the stairs. When they were both in the flat Sherlock took off his Belstaff and hanged it up on the hanger.
The doctor got a different instrument out and guided it over his bump. A very fast, whirring heartbeat echoed in the otherwise silent room.
Sherlock, John, and Mary were in Dr. Clarke's office all together for the first time. Sherlock was sitting on the examination table (with his feet out of the stirrups) and was humming to himself a simple tune. John and Mary sat in two chairs across the room, in a comfortable silence.
"I know. I'm sorry that I have been rude to her in the past, or inconsiderate of her feelings. I just didn't know how to act."
"Now, contrary to what many of our viewers are probably thinking, you are not here to talk about one of your cases today."
"Yes. The area may start to feel quite sore if you inject in the same place twice, so make sure you don't. It will still hurt a bit, but according to your medical history you've certainly gone through worse." Dr. Clarke told him.
John hesitated, then let out a big sigh. "Okay. Tell her, but if something bad happens it's on your head."
"Oh, of course I'll help. Mary and I just finished dinner, and she's gone out to the shops. I would offer you food some but you're meant to be fasting." John spoke.
"Perhaps. Right now I need to sleep again. I swear, I have to sleep for at least twelve hours a day or I'll get the worst head ache ever. Here's my laptop, if the journalist emails back then wake me. Actually don't, I'll hit you."
Sherlock skimmed the page. "It says Sherlock Holmes was seen outside of NSY with a nasogastric tube, then it waffles on about what a nasogastric tube actually is, then some speculation about my weight loss, then some words of concern."
Sherlock felt his heart race, and suddenly he was transported back to when he was a university student, afraid of being outed. But he knew that this was the best way he could possibly come out. On his own terms, where he can control the spread of information.
"No. Actually, how painful will it be afterwards? And I mean honestly, not the reassuring crap they put online."
"Next followed five months of me taking hormonal therapy. Then, with the help of IVF, I became pregnant. In my first trimester I suffered from hyperemesis Gravidarum, or HG, which is basically extreme morning sickness. I needed a feeding tube to keep my weight stable enough to support the baby. I believe the media has already covered that story."
"It's killing her seeing me sick! Having a feeding tube down my nose makes me look really ill, and it's making her stressed. Every single test Dr Clarke has done has come back fine, and I am doing literally everything right."
"I prefer the BBC. I have the email address of a reporter there, her name's Sarah Hobbs. She told me she can organise interviews, and that the BBC would love to interview us. She said they would pay for any interview, from radio to television. She's actually not a complete imbecile like the rest of the people who have chosen to go down a path of journaling."
"Just remember, you need to take the injection at two o'clock every day. Goodbye! I am really happy for you." Dr. Clarke beamed.
Nine months after they first share a bed, Sherlock proposes at a crime scene in front of the whole of Scotland Yard. Despite it being completely inappropriate, John says yes, and three months later they're married.
The monochromatic wavy lines crossing the screen morphed. Sherlock tried to make sense of them, with no luck.
"Yes! Just a minute!" Sherlock yelled an answer. He stood up too quickly though, and he knocked the syringe onto the floor and it rolled out from under the stool. "Shit!" he hissed.
Emily and Ben Grayson were sitting at the table opposite Sherlock, clasping each others' hands. "We go to the park every Saturday. Isabella loves it there. Our routine never differed, we would take her to her drama club and then go to the park, often with her friends. That day we were with her friend Jasmine, who wasn't taken."
"I one hundred percent support that, Sherlock. Are you sure though, you'd get a lot of hate for it and many clients would stop coming to see us for help. It would be quite dangerous mate." John sipped his coffee.
"Oh no, that was quite enough. I was just ruling out that you could have anything to do with it." Sherlock said nonchalantly.
"Thanks. Bye then." the phone call lasted all of one minute. He clicked on his maman's phone in contacts and waited.
"No, he hasn't. Hurry up with the tube now, I don't have all day." Sherlock shuffled forward to the edge of the sofa.
"I want to try three. That means that you have a reasonable chance of conceiving, but if by some miracle you conceive all of them then it will be just on the fence of possibility to look after them, instead of impossible."
As soon as the acid touches his skin on the newly formed lacerations he screams. And screams. And screams. It is gushing all over his back, on the words, on the bruises, on the cuts, on everything. He has never known such terrible and horrific pain before in his life.
Sherlock looked into the middle distance for a minute with an absent look in his eyes before shaking his head slightly and turning back to John and Mary. "After I returned from my...travels abroad during the two years you thought I was dead -so sorry about that by the way- Mycroft took me back to Dr. Clarke, and then again after the drugs. Remarkably there was no permanent damage to my reproductive organs, although the same couldn't be said for my kidneys. Thanks to Mycroft though I still have two working ones."
Deciding to tell her the truth, Sherlock said, "My name is Sherlock Holmes. I have a friend called John Watson, and we are in the news quite a lot. I faked my own death a while back, the press had a huge story to write when I returned. This research is for a case I'm working on. I can't tell you any more than that, sorry."
"I brought you some intravenous ondansetron to help with the nausea. It's used to treat cancer patients going through chemo or radio therapy, but it can also help in extreme morning sickness. Give me your arm." Sherlock gave him his arm. John took out a small bottle of the drug and emptied it into a syringe. The doctor then stuck it into his arm.
The newsreader looked a bit uncomfortable. "Right, yes, sorry. A couple of months ago you made the news again because you were seen with a feeding tube outside of Scotland Yard. Could you tell us about that?"
Usually he would never eat breakfast, but John said that he needed to put on some weight, so that is what he was going to do.
"They found her, she's alive." Sherlock smiled at them. Despite the sociopathic mask he always wore, he always loved to see a family this happy and relieved.
"I'm going to be an egg donor and surrogate for John and Mary so they can have a baby." the words were spoken very quickly, barely intelligable.
"Yes, bump. I started properly showing about a week ago, but I have been able to see something there for about a month. Why? I told you all of this three days ago." Sherlock signalled to the barista to get him the bill.
"Great. Now help me stand up." John put one of his hands under Sherlock's armpit and the other on his forearm. He helped him pull himself up and over to the sinks. Sherlock cupped some water in his hands and drank from it, then spat it back out.
This was the email John, Mary, and Sherlock received that evening. With a few quick texts sent on the group chat Mary had set up for them, it was agreed that they would all meet up fifteen minutes beforehand outside the BBC's main office.
Sherlock knocked in the door to the Watson household. The sky was glowing pink in the dusky light, and a swarm of starlings flew overhead. He put his hands in his pockets and waited.
"May I ask, what does your daughter look like?" Sherlock asked. He made a conscious effort to keep his tenses present and not past.
"Now before I say anything," Sherlock started, "Please know that if you like you can stop me at any point and shoot down my idea. I will not be offended." Mary nodded. "Basically speaking, a Hermaphrodite is an organism that has a reproductive system comprised of both male and female parts. He, she, it, they, or whatever other pronouns I'm missing may have a complete reproductive system of one sex and just a small part of the opposite, such as a man with a normal outer appearance but an extra ovary inside of him.
"I need help with the last injection. I know I said I could do it, but it's so big! So, can I come in?" Sherlock asked.
"Ah. Right. Sorry. I'll wake her up for you. Seriously though, so soon! You're not due to start for at least another month."
"Not at the moment. It can hurt a bit when it's actually connected to something, but obviously it's not right now. By the end of the week I might have a few blisters which wont be pleasant, but it's worth it. And I'm not dying. I'm not even sick."
hasn't. Why don't we both go sit down and tell Mary what a Intersexuality is, and then you can ask your questions and I will do my best to answer them."
Sherlock rolled his eyes at his brother’s pronouncement but refused to take the bait. Of course he knew her retirement was coming. Sentinels became active after a combination of puberty and a trigger event - usually either meeting their destined guide or some kind of trauma - and the loss of the hormones associated with fertility caused them to become inactive. Their mother was late to menopause, but she was finally reaching the end of the process and, once she did, her Sentinel abilities would go dormant.
.  The suppressants lingering in his blood had insured he hadn’t shifted since his first moon and he still hadn’t so much as seen his wolf form in a mirror since he’d been turned. He barely remembered his first time at all between the haze of pain and rage and he honestly wasn’t looking forward to his first conscious change. He knew from living with Annie and Mike that he would still be himself when he changed, but it was one thing to know it intellectually and another to actually experience it. The last thing he wanted to contemplate were the mechanics of trying to fuck someone while technically a canine and the thought of even attempting to do so turned his stomach. Thankfully, she had finally caught on to his discomfort and had backed off with an apology, but the damage had already been done.
John didn’t have to ask what he meant. Female Alpha pregnancies were rare and exceedingly high risk. The last trimester found the majority of them confined to their homes as the territorial urges became too overwhelming for them to abide anyone other than their mates and immediate pack members. The physical and psychological stress was so great the most spontaneously miscarried before they could bring the child to term. Having another wolf in her territory during this volatile time would be more than Anna could bear.
It had been centuries since London had last been without a Sentinel, and Molly was not wrong in saying that many of the other Houses were eager to fill the upcoming power vacuum. One of the most dangerous was led by Lady Smallwood who, despite the fact her late husband had been Moriarty's second-in-command, had clawed her way to the top of the Elder Council through a combination of political maneuvering and the judicious use of the challenge ring. Unsurprisingly, she was no fan of the Holmes clan and actively opposed them whenever possible. Had he been fool enough to allow himself to be be maneuvered into the Elder Council's clutches, Alicia Smallwood would have been positively gleeful to dictate his choice of Guide. If Mycroft's sources regarding another faction rising were to be believed, it was certain House Smallwood was in the background, spearheading the alignment against them. There was no sense in Sherlock attending the Hunter's Moon run. It would only throw additional fuel on an already burning fire and give people like Lady Smallwood the excuse they needed to move against his family.
“So,” the aforementioned annoyance chirped as she applied the final layer of gauze, “how excited are you for tonight?” She paused leadingly, obviously expecting some kind of reply.
Sherlock refused to react to his brother’s significant pause. Mycroft had never approved of his relationship with the Trevor Alpha and he refused to have the same argument again, but he acknowledged silently to himself that the fact this Irene was apparently an associate of his might not necessarily be positive.
“That was your last scheduled appoint for the day, Dr. Watson,” the nurse said as she stuck her head in the door.
She gave an irritated huff at his blank expression. “The Packs are coming tonight!” she exclaimed when it seemed clear he wasn’t going to answer her. “They’re interviewing all of you newly-turned wolves so you can be claimed before the next full moon!”
“Well, I should duck out before the boss corners me. Meet you at the tube, 'bout 15-ish minutes?” he offered.
The vehicle stopped in front of his building and he tossed payment to the cabby with a distracted air as he exited. Traffic had been worse than he'd expected and he'd cut his return home almost unforgivably close. Retiring to the top floor of his Baker Street flat, Sherlock prepared to greet the moonrise in a matter of minutes. The bedroom upstairs had a small balcony that opened up to the back alley. Sherlock shucked his suit and waited for the change to take him as Luna crept silently over the horizon. Once he had shifted, he raised his shaggy black head and howled at the moon. His echoing cry was answered almost immediately from a dozen directions by those wolves who had already pledged themselves to his banner. Thieves, whores, businessmen, MP’s – the great and small of London town answered his call. Sherlock mused that as a child he had wanted to be a pirate captain and lead a crew of scallywags over the seven seas. As an adult, he had built a better crew than could be housed by any wood-bound vessel. His very own complement of shadows.
The man from HR who hadn't said anything yet slid over some papers and three pens. Sherlock scanned the documents, and, when he decided they were okay, signed them. John and Mary followed accordingly.
"Hang on, that doesn't explain all the injections and the tube that went down your nose. What was that all about?"
There was no doubt in the detective's mind that he would do all of this for John. He knew how bad the body dysphoria would be, how much his body would change, how painful childbirth would be. But he would do it for John. He would do anything for John. He has survived being tortured and shot though, so it can't be any worse than that.
"I'm sure it is. What if you have a miscarriage though, it's always risky in the first trimester. And even more so if you're intersex. If you tell her you're pregnant and then the baby -god forbid- dies, then that could kill her, Sherlock."
"Yes. Please don't put too much of your hopes on this though, I am not a miracle worker, unfortunately. But I promise that I'll do the very best that I can."
"It's okay. John and I were trying to have children, so when we found out that I couldn't, we started looking into other options."
"You would be okay with going on telly with me, wouldn't you?" Sherlock hadn't thought about John's opinion on the matter until that moment.
"At the time however I didn't feel anything, no pain, nothing. I felt calm and free, like I was on top of the world. The grossness of the act I was performing didn't register with me.
"Okay then. And Sherlock, I hate to even ask this, but if god forbid there is an emergency, like you get yourself into another coma or something, then what do you want me to do? Before the baby we knew each other's minds on how we would want to live our lives if we couldn't decide for ourselves. You told me that if you were ever in a coma, or had a traumatic brain injury or something, then you wouldn't want to live off machines if the doctors think you're not going to wake up. You know I feel the same way, right?"
"Too soon? Still? It's been years and I even said that I was sorry." Sherlock stopped talking when Mary kicked him.
"Of course I don't think that, John. You go to therapy, and you're a far cry from a hippy. Mycroft wouldn't let me stop even if I wanted to though."
"It feels normal. You should go back to the clinic, I know you've got that Sarah woman covering your shift."
"Do it. Try and find her. If there is even the slightest chance that she is still alive then I want to do everything it takes to bring her home." the woman spoke with conviction.
"If they're not then I'll never speak to them again. You can still back out, when you start to get big you can just go up to your castle in Scotland and hide out there until the baby's born."
"Will do. Bye, Sherlock. Hope you feel better soon." the line clicked off. Sherlock went into the kitchen to get some ibuprofen, a hot water bottle, and a cup of tea. He then lay down on the sofa, and went into his mind palace for the next six hours.
"Well bye then. I'll drop by after my shift with the formula to make the food. See you then." John put on his coat.
With that Sherlock leapt up from his armchair and whisked himself away into his bedroom. Mary turned to John and asked him, "Well what do you think?"
Sherlock never liked this bit. It was always a bit weird to have someone touching him down there, but he did what she said anyway.
Sherlock arrived at the Ritz half an hour later, ten minutes before Lestrade asked. He walked up to the DI and tapped him on the shoulder.
"That sounds great!" Mary said enthusiastically, "We'll see you then. Make sure you really think about this though Sherlock. Don't go into this half-heartedly. It's all or nothing."
"I wasn't going to try and change your mind, you've been incredibly stubborn ever since you were a little boy. I think that what you're willing to do for your friends is very selfless."
"Oh my god. I can't believe this is really happening! We're going to be parents Mary!" John exclaimed.
Detective inspector Dimmock got into the lift with him. He looked surprised to see the tube coming out of his face, and seemed to be at war with himself over whether or not he should say something to Sherlock. The consultant decided for him by saying, "Yes, I have a tube coming out of my nose. Yes, this is new. No, I'm not going to tell you what it's for. No, I'm not dying. Does that answer all of your questions?"
"Take a seat wherever you like." She sat down in John's armchair that had been pulled around so it was opposite the sofa where Sherlock was spread out, still in his pyjamas.
A few people stared at the bare-footed parents. He lead them quickly through a few corridors, and then he rang the bell on a locked door. You had to have special permission to go through the doors where the children were.
"No, it's okay. I want to finish the story. So, he had just found about my abnormalities, and he wasn't happy to say the least. He put on the clothes he had taken off as fast as he could. He shouted at me, calling me freak, faggot, tranny, any other offensive name you can think of. He told me I had wasted his time, and that he was going to tell everyone in our university class about me being a hermaphroditic whore. Then he beat me up.
Jennifer got out the tube of ultrasound jelly and squeezed some onto the end of the wand. She then placed it onto his lower, slightly distended abdomen. Sherlock didn't flinch at the cold.
"I was going to say pads, but now I'm thinking about it, they're only designed for women's underwear, aren't they? I don't have any of them, so it'll have to be tampons. Why did you get so many different ones?"
With that, he stood up and took a pack of tampons from the table and left for the bathroom. The kettle had clicked off a few minutes earlier so Mary stood up and busied herself with preparing a hot water bottle and a cup of tea for herself and the gloomy detective.
, he thought. "I am an intersex man. By that I mean that I am not, biologically at least, completely male or female. I won't go into any details, but this condition means that I am physically capable of carrying a child. So, when I found out that John and Mary wanted to have a child via surrogacy, I offered to help them.
"Put baby Watson first. If it's between me and her, choose her. If I am lying in a hospital bed, and I'm never going to wake up, then keep me alive for her. She's just a little baby, she deserves to live more than I do."
Sherlock ran his hand over it and felt an indiscernible emotion settle at the back of his throat. After a few minutes of simply standing there and staring Sherlock got out his tape measure from the cabinet below the sink. He wrapped it around himself and saw that he had only grown by three inches, so people would be unlikely to notice it.
John smiled at his wife. "We tried for a year, and when Mary still wasn't pregnant we went to the doctor. They ran some tests and it turned out that it would be impossible for Mary and I to have a child together."
The woman's face showed her desperately trying to work out if they were kidding or not. When she saw all of their serious faces she said, "I'm going to need a bit of a backstory here."
The detective sat on his bed. He brought his knees up to his chest and held the photo in shaking fingers. He could see his child's head and the rough shape of their legs amongst the dark lines, and his heart ached. He never imagined that he would feel this way towards the unborn cherry-sized child occupying his womb.
John feels that he has to see the scars now, or he'll forever wonder about what lies beneath the silk shirts he's so fond of wearing. When he had heard Sherlock shouting in another language in the middle of the night he assumed he was just yelling at Mycroft on the phone, but he ran down stairs when he started screaming as if in agony. He had spent five minutes trying to wake him up, begging him to wake up, and when Sherlock finally did the terror in his eyes killed him inside.
"I promise that I won't touch drugs or alcohol or coffee-" Sherlock said before John interrupted him.
"You didn't do anything wrong. I think you have got a type of extreme morning sickness called Hyperemesis Gravidarum. It shouldn't hurt the baby if treated right." John lay a reassuring hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Here, drink this." Sherlock handed John the water and he wordlessly took it. Sherlock flushed the loo and helped John stand up.
mood swings than I get already, and that is excluding the fact that there would be a tiny human being inside of me. I know what being pregnant entails."
"Mycroft rescued me at the end of the fourth month and brought me back to London. I spent two weeks recovering from the worst of my injuries and getting surgery on my ribs before coming back to see you again. If it is okay with you I would rather not go into too much detail about how they tortured me, but you may see my scars if you like."
"I know. That is now obvious, I'm sorry for ever doubting you. I made the mistake a couple of years back to trust a couple who had also had their child kidnapped, which turned out to be a grave error that cost their son's life. They had sold him to a Japanese human trafficking ring in exchange for three million pounds. I vowed to always put the missing child before the family from then on."
He explained to his mum what was happening to his body, and Mrs. Holmes brought him to her chest and comforted her son in his distress. She told him that she would book an appointment at the doctors to see what they could do. A week later Sherlock was coming out of the special clinic they were referred to with enough Testosterone for him to inject into himself to last him for three months.
To show the Detective just how little he cares, he comes up close to Sherlock and puts his arms around him. After a moments hesitation Sherlock nestles into John's chest. Just before they fall asleep, John whispers "I'm so glad you came back," and plants a kiss on the top of the half-naked detective's head.
"Goodbye. I'm going to start composing a sonata, I'll show you what I've got when you come back." Sherlock stood up and pulled the IV pole with him to the other side of the room where his violin was.
"I'm clean. I'll piss in a cup if you want me to. Yes, I did just inject myself with something, but it was prescribed from a doctor. Believe me, I am never touching cocaine or morphine again."
"If they don't know now then they will by the end of tomorrow. Any regrets?" they walked past security and out of the side entrance they came in through.
He started writing, and barely even noticed John putting the mug on the table in front of him. After ten minutes he finally finished a version he was happy with. It read as follows:
The detective placed the valuable 18th century Violin carefully on his armchair, before turning around to greet his best friend and his best friend's wife. They both looked like they were in particularly bad spirits today. Neither of them were looking at the other whilst they hanged up their hats and coats on the newly acquired coat rack. Mary looked even more sad than John, and something Sherlock can only perceive as guilt showed in her eyes.
Mary and John listened on in shock. They were both surprised that in England, a very developed country, intersex people had such little rights.
"That if the results come back the way we want them then you could be pregnant in by next month." A smile ghosted over John and Sherlock's lips.
"It was a different story when I came back down from the high though. I was... injured, to put it mildly. I had passed out at some point in the dealer's house, and the dealer had beaten me with a belt. I was bleeding from places I don't care to mention. Mycroft had thankfully tracked me down and taken me straight to hospital after the dealer kicked me out onto the streets. I don't remember anything about the hospital, only waking up at Mycroft's a week later.
John shook his head. It was only just dawning on him that Sherlock isn't screwing with him, and he is actually serious. The consequences of his suggestion earlier started to play on his mind, and what it means for his and Mary's options for having children. John was also a tad confused as to how Sherlock had hidden it from him all of the years he had known him, and why. Did he not trust him with the knowledge? Did he trust anyone?
“Hints of some malady in his scent but, despite the regular blood tests the hospital performs on all its staff, he's not been barred from working with the infirm so obviously nothing contagious. That leaves either a genetic or environmentally induced affliction. No sign of infirmity, so that rules out the majority of environmental conditions which could affect a wolf. Unhealthy pale skin, obvious bruising from multiple mouths based on the circumferences peaking above his shirt collar, and sunken eyes indicate he’s still recovering from his latest heat-binge. He'd made some poor choices with his last group of Alphas; they couldn’t maintain the presence of mind to not try and bond him, despite the futility of it. Couldn’t have been more than a week ago, based on the color of the contusions. Genetic ailment, congress with multiple Alphas, and no bond? Fallow."
She grimaced at his startled look, but pushed on, “You always seem to forget that I'm a doctor until it's useful to you, but do you honestly think a lowborn Beta like me would have been allowed to become one under someone like Moriarty? Do you think someone with Jim's condition would have had the option to be anything but a bed-warmer? There are too many people, even today, who think of those as 'the-good-old-days' and can't wait for the regime to change. We can't afford to have someone like that take your mother's place.” She reached forward to clutch his sleeve, meeting his eyes beseechingly, “Come with me. We need someone who won't let that happen. We need
He fought the urge to fidget under her scrutiny. “Molly...” he began helplessly before trailing off. It wasn't that he was unmoved by what she was saying, but the simple truth remained. “I've looked. You
While a wolf could choose to regulate the bite’s influence and use it to mark people as family or pack mates without negative impact, unregulated biting was a popular war-time tactic. In all but the rarest of cases, a snared rabbit’s will was completely subjugated, making them the perfect spies and assassins. John was all too familiar with this process, since it was what the Afghani wolf who had mauled him had originally intended.
John didn’t have any trouble imagining how horrible it was to be one of those poor souls who survived the agony of their turning only to be ripped from their families and subjugated by Pack law. Low-born wolves of the time were used for everything from political transfers to marriages amongst other packs to breeding, depending on what secondary sex they presented with after turning. It was unsurprising that a high number of Turned had fled the workhouses for the streets rather than be torn away from their loved ones. More than a hundred years later and the Pens still existed as a large warehouse district of slums boasting the highest concentration of Packless in all of England.
NHS funding for small clinics could be problematic and it was a continuous struggle to get backing for one in in such a bad section of town. When Mike had introduced him to Sarah Sawyer, the doctor who ran the facility, John had thought she was going to hyperventilate at the thought of having him join the staff. It was almost unheard of for a werewolf doctor not to have a specific pack affiliation and most of the Packless refused to be seen by anyone associated with the London Hierarchy. When John thought about it, he realized the only other unaffiliated Were doctor he had ever heard of was Annie, and she had grown up here in the Pens. Even formally uncertified to practice pack medicine as he was, the mere fact that he was a wolf meant that the word had already spread like wildfire that one of the Packless was on staff in the Pen’s only remaining general surgery. Lone wolves all over southern England were lining up to get an appointment.
The wound on his shoulder was itching like mad and, to add insult to literal injury, the nurse they had sent to treat it this morning kept talking his ear off about the most inane topics. John tried to ignore her, but she just kept droning on and on. Being on the other side of the doctor/patient equation was grating his nerves badly enough without the addition of this perky irritation. He fought to keep his wince at the nasal squeak of her voice and his displeasure at not being the one
“John!” A voice broke through his daze, “John Watson!” He concentrated on the voice’s source and slowly the haze cleared enough to reveal a slightly rounder version of Mike Stamford than he remembered, hovering worriedly at his side. For the first time since he was shot, John gave a genuine grin. Maybe his luck was finally coming around...
Mike watched him breathe in the steam from his mug for a long moment without comment. Finally, he shook his head with a rueful chuckle. “You a werewolf,” he said wonderingly. “Anna is just going to die when I tell her.”  When they had all been roommates, Mike’s wife had always found it odd that he had never gone to the Center to register for genetic matching. During the late nineties when the technology had originally become available, it had been very popular with pretty much everyone past the age of majority to go in and sign up to be tested, but John had never seen the point. He had always been happy being a regular human. To have him be one of the rare cases to survive an unsupervised change was particularly ironic since he was one of the few who hadn’t actively sought out lycanthropy.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________
John nodded despite himself. He wasn’t surprised she hadn’t found a match. Statistically speaking, you were more likely to be struck by lightning than catch lycanthropy via a wolf bite. Most werewolves were born, not made, and in order for a wolf to turn a regular human a truly remarkable degree of genetic compatibility was required, along with a release of bonding pheromones at the time of the bite to trigger the change. If you weren’t compatible, it would either kill you or bind you to the wolf as a thrall - a process known in popular slang as ‘snaring a rabbit’.
Even if he could enter the Grove without repercussion, he had other responsibilities. Though he couldn't officially be considered London’s Sentinel without a Guide, as far as he was concerned, the city was his territory and he would do his own perimeter sweep under the full moon’s light. While the regional Pack limited itself to running the main parks of central London, Sherlock preferred to skate her underbelly. The dark alleys, the Pens, the underpasses and overpasses of her bones; all the underground streams and the river that made up her blood and central artery. These were the places a Sentinel was needed, not the manicured lawns of Regent’s Park.
John had been horrified when confronted by the number of people who were either unable or unwilling to accept treatment from a completely human doctor. If he hadn’t been forced to remain in the Center’s care for so long, he wouldn’t have been able to comprehend it at all. As it was, he was forced to admit he understood. Werewolves were apex predators; allowing what amounted to prey close enough to put their hands on you, to trust them with your health and well-being, made the wolf inside him restless and disgruntled. It wasn’t that he couldn’t control his reaction and ignore it, but he just really, really didn’t like it. He could only imagine how someone without his military training would react to the squirming wrongness provoked by the feel of an unknown person’s touch against his skin. At least with other wolves, the beast inside recognized its kindred. John had found there was always an awkward bit of negotiating that followed meeting another wolf where you had to either establish your dominance or submit, but his military training served him well and he had yet to meet a Were he couldn’t stare down in order to treat them. He wondered if that would still be the case after he presented.
John stomped on the impulse to bare his teeth at the unwelcomed touch and her intentional slight of his title (as if she hadn’t read it on his chart when she came in). “No. Thank you for your help.”
Let Ella make of that what she would, he didn’t have the energy to care at this point. If she decided he was unstable and had his license revoked, then fine. He had a solution waiting in his desk drawer.
“You’re wasting your time bringing me a woman’s profile,” he sneered. “I’ve told you. My mate is a man.”
Giving up a trip for tea as a bad job, he turned to survey the room for other options. The bed in the corner mocked him with its military-precise corners and pile of rocks pillow. Even if he had been inclined to brave it’s uneven surface, sleep had been problematic since his attack and he preferred to put off the nightmares as long as possible. He knew, underneath the lumpy pillow, lay a battered copy of Hitchhiker’s Guide Harry had left the only time she’d visited him, but that was truly a last ditch option. It was an old joke between the two - he didn’t even like the book, but she swore he looked exactly like the movie actor who played the lead character. She kept throwing random quotes at him, as if she could force him to enjoy it by repeat exposure. It hadn't worked so far, but then, that was Harry in a nutshell. Dare to disagree with her, and she’d bombard you with her opinion until you gave up and she got her way.
. The lingering odor of sickness and a half a dozen other tells clicked together into a single deduction that fell from his lips before he had a chance to reconsider. “Fallow.”
Her hand fell away from his arm and she deflated before his eyes. There wasn't much she could say in response to his flat statement. He wouldn't force himself to accept someone who wasn't his Guide, despite all those who may have wished otherwise.
Baring teeth which had sharpened to fangs, Sherlock growled at him. “You should tell her to stop putting out the lemon cake with afternoon tea. You positively reek of it and you’ve put on ten pounds since I saw you last.”
Frowning, Sherlock swung his legs down off the couch and sat up from his formerly-comfortable reclining position. He contemplated his brother’s words over the rim of his mug. He had been online since his mother had challenge the former Sentinel of London for his position over two decades ago and he had retaliated by having her youngest child kidnapped and tortured to dissuade her. The fool had sadly misjudged his opponent. Mummy had eviscerated the man in the Regent’s Park challenge ring and the then-eleven-year-old Sherlock had shocked the world by shifting early, becoming the youngest active Alpha Sentinel ever recorded, and slaughtering his captors.
Now it was Mycroft’s turn to roll his eyes, “You’re basing that on ephemeral dream fragments and intuition which, for all you know, could be wishful thinking based on your preferred gender for sexual partners. Hardly your most sterling deduction, brother dear.”
In the years since, his lack of a Guide had been a continuously simmering point of contention and he was honestly a bit shocked that Mycroft would broach the subject so bluntly. No other Sentinel had survived as long as he had unbound and remained sane, but it was no secret that even his iron control was beginning to waiver. He’d begun to lose count of how many times within the recent months he had lost himself to a zone and awoken to find he’d been ferried home by either his brother or the members of his homeless network. Loathe as he was to admit it, the situation was beginning to get desperate.
Deciding to ignore that corner of the flat entirely, John approached the desk instead and booted his laptop. In no time at all he found himself staring at the blog Ella, his RC appointed therapist, had demanded he create. He started a new entry and sat there, blankly watching the cursor blink. He and Ella had not connected at all. If they had, she would have known that forcing him to write about himself like this was far more likely to make him retreat even further than to inspire him to open up. John didn’t understand what the hell she expected him to say. He was alive. Plenty of other people weren’t. His shoulder still wasn’t healed, but it was slowly getting better. His limp wasn’t, but since his leg wasn’t actually injured anymore, he didn’t figure that was anyone’s business but his own. As far as the rest of the world was concerned, he got up. He went to work. He came home. Eventually he slept. The next morning, he got up and he did it again. What else did he have in his life? Most of his friends were either dead or in Afghanistan and the majority of the people he knew in college, with the exception of Mike and Annie who he wouldn’t be able to visit until they had their pup and Annie’s hormones settled, had moved away and gotten on with their lives. He had tried dating in the form of a single disastrous dinner with Sarah right after he had started at the clinic, and wasn’t keen to repeat that mistake.
“It’s so exciting!” The oblivious woman continued, “I’ve always wanted to be turned, but I’ve never been lucky enough to find a wolf I’m suited for! I’m registered with the Packs for genome matching of course, but you know how rare finding a compatible selection is!”
To Sherlock's sensitive nose, the intruder's pheromone display declared him to be a minor Beta. He sniffed again reflexively but didn't look up as he fought back a wince. To his Sentinel senses, the man's scent was subtly wrong – metallic and faintly medicinal, underpinned with the distinctive miasma of a longterm illness. It was so faint that even another wolf wouldn't have caught it, but it captured Sherlock's interest. There weren't many diseases able to triumph over lycanthropic healing, which was part of what made the change so appealing to mundanes. Cancer, heart disease, all the things that killed humans by the millions melted away the first time you shifted. Finding a wolf so obviously ill, but not a patient at the hospital, was an unexpected puzzle.
He glanced at his watch as he went to check the cabinet. As expected, Terry, the nurse in charge of the evening shift, had only let him take half dozen after-hours cases before she showed him the door, so it was barely after 10pm. He reached into the cupboard and retrieved the boxed tea, but frowned when he noticed it only held a single bag. Regretfully, he slid the package back on the shelf.  He could live without a cuppa for now if necessary, but he wasn’t willing to go without first thing in the morning. He would have to remember to pick up more on the way home. Tomorrow was Saturday, so the clinic would close early. Even if he took a couple of after-hours patients, he would still have time to stop by the corner shop. Sadly, said shop closed at 10, so if he wanted more tea tonight he would have to take the tube to Tesco’s. With a sigh, he shut the cabinet door and weighed his options. It wasn’t as if there was really anything else for him to do tonight, but he was hesitant to go back out. The sky had been threatening rain all day and he’d been lucky to make it home before it hit. As if in answer to his hesitation, he heard the sharp tink of raindrops begin to beat a staccato pulse against the window pane.
Refusal to abide by an Elder Council directive if he did go would be even more damning to House Holmes than his absence. While they couldn't actually force him to bond, they could vote to excommunicate him from the London Packs. He knew Mycroft thought him a willful child, but he was not unaware of the possible cost of his refusal to bend to the Elder Council's pressure. They walked the knife edge now because there were no other Sentinels to challenge Victoria Holmes and no available successors beyond Sherlock himself. Mother's influence with the Council waned more and more as the end of her time as a Sentinel approached and Sherlock remained staunchly unbound. Only those families who were directly aligned with the Holmeses, such as the Trevors and the Vernets, could be counted on to stand with them if Victoria's reign ended and there was no son of House Holmes to succeed her.
In the closet he found his military rucksack and filled it quickly with his meager possessions. From under the springs of the bed he removed the service weapon Bill Murray had smuggled in for him the sole time he’d been able to visit. Bill, who had carried his bleeding, half-transformed body to salvation, understood firsthand how stressful he found being unarmed. John tucked the weapon down the waistband of his trousers and hid its outline under his weathered oatmeal-colored jumper. The window in his room was too small to climb out of, but he was able to use it to dump his pack into the bushes outside.
He crossed the room to stand at her side, nervously wringing his hands. “So you're Sherlock Holmes!” he repeated, gawking blatantly at the man in question. “Molls has told me so much about you!”
“It’s funny that you think that’s what she has always wanted,” Sherlock drawled. “My understanding was that her only wish for her children was that we should find the same happiness she has enjoyed: a life spent with her True Mate and Soulbond.”
Thank you, friends, for your interest in this story! I appreciate the response this has received so much! You are all wonderful!
“The Council Elders have funneled millions of pounds into identifying the gene sequences tied to lycanthropic compatibility, and you have been introduced to the majority of those in Europe with the identified Guide markers to no avail. We can no longer wait for your imaginary friend, Sherlock. Events are coming to a head and you
“Please put everything away when you're done,” she said dully, ending the conversation abruptly and turning towards the door. “I'd rather not have to come in early after a full moon to clean up your mess.”
“I know you think we're all idiots,” she replied with a watery chuckle, “but even if none of us could count the years since she emerged, we all have functioning noses. She's coming to her last moon and everyone knows it.”
Some dialogue from the episode has been inncluded in this chapter and belongs to Mark Gatiss and the BBC.
He accepted the irony with a shrug. He understood Mike’s amusement, even if he didn’t share it. “Thanks for getting me out of there.”
thing. Read the files. Find someone who won’t strangle you in your sleep and present them to the Elder Council when the Packs meet in Regent’s Park for Hunter’s Moon. Give Mummy what she has always wanted - you, sane and safely bound, standing ready to inherit her seat.”
Melanie consulted her clipboard, “I’ve got Megs from the south side with a broken wrist, Slynk’s come down with what looks like a respiratory infection and Billy.”
Continuing as if he hadn’t heard the petulant response, Mycroft said softly, “If I were a Sentinel, I would take this for you, brother. But as I am not, there is no other this task may fall to than you.” Drawing out a slim portable hard drive from an inner jacket pocket, he placed it on the coffee table in front of Sherlock. “Here are the profiles of every currently known, registered Guide in the global system. I have had the tests run and your closest match is 92% compatible - an Omega by the name of Irene Adler. I believe she’s a compatriot of your old…friend…Victor Trevor.”
“That's why you should come with me to the Grove,” Molly said with unexpected firmness. The Grove was the central clearing in Regent's Park where the Packs met to run. Taking a visibly deep breath to muster her courage, she continued, “Mrs. Holmes changed this country for the better when she defeated James Moriarty all those years ago. She made it possible for people like Jim and me to have real lives.”
With a huff of canine amusement, he shook off all other concerns and used the balcony to slink down to the alley and out into the night.
He realized suddenly that Nurse Annoying was still looking at him hopefully. Clearing his throat, he gave her a rusty smile. “Sorry,” he said, lying happily through his teeth to dissuade her, “just another boring old Beta here.”
The question threw John for a loop. He’d been such a broken, depressed mess since he’d been discharged that he hadn’t given his new circumstance much reflection. It had never occurred to him that he might undergo the transformation from Beta to something else.
John angled his head to find her beaming at him. The gilt lettering on her badge formed a barely legible ‘Mary’, but he mentally tagged her ‘Nurse Annoying’ in lieu of her name. He wondered vaguely what she was nattering on about now. The Rehabilitation Center tended to hold what he privately thought of as brainwashing sessions disguised as morale building exercises every other day or so, and he assumed that was what she was referring to. He considered for a brief moment if his therapist had mentioned a specific Nazi cheerleading program planned for this evening, but came up blank. Nurse Annoying was still staring at him eagerly, but John found he couldn’t muster the energy to respond so he kept his face smoothly disinterested. Maybe if he ignored her, she would go away.
He carefully hooked his jacket on one of the nails that sprouted at irregular intervals like weeds from the wall. Sliding his hands down the canvas and leather to smooth out any wrinkles, he noticed the thread connecting the front zipper was beginning to fray. He made a mental note to keep an eye on it. He had only been working at the clinic for a couple weeks and they were paid on a monthly basis. It would be quite a while before he had enough money to afford to replace the coat if the zipper came free. Satisfied that the stitches would hold for now, he let it go and turned toward the kitchen.
She frowned, disappointed by his answer and not at all mollified by his fake smile. “Just my luck,” she grumbled and patted him on his good shoulder with a plastic grin. “Was there anything else you needed, Mr. Watson?”
He pondered how much more difficult it became to do so every day. To center himself, he focused on his hands where they pressed against the lab table. Skin, pores, bony wrists. Long fingers riddled with scars and chemical burns next to awkward thumbs and protruding knuckles. Hardly the hands of the type of hero Molly and the others seemed to want him to be. He wished she were still here so he could tell her that heroes didn't exist and, if they did, he wouldn't be one of them. Instead, he tightened his hands into fists briefly before unclenching them. Enough of this. He didn't have any more time to waste wool gathering; moonrise was barely an hour away and he still needed to make it home to Baker Street before the change hit.
Sherlock blinked at her vehemence and began enumerating his evidence. “Distinctly metallic smell of suppressants and pheromone-augmented cologne clinging to his skin. Obviously trying to hide his secondary gender, but not capable of pulling off an Alpha. So far, so obvious - Omega. Not to mention the fairly telling fact that he all but formally presented his neck to me when we were introduced, and I'd say you'd better break it off and save yourself the trouble. You won't be able to keep up.” It wasn't a kind thing to say, but it was true. Omegas whose genetics rendered them Fallow lost the ability to conceive or bond but experienced viciously enhanced heats so intense that many were driven insane by the experience. It was well known that even a healthy Alpha in full rut would be unable to meet the needs of a Fallow Omega during their time. Before his mother's rule, under the previous Sentinel of London it was popular for afflicted Omegas to be sold as sex slaves to the highest bidder as “entertainment” for parties. Even today, the Pack Alpha orgies organized by the RC were the only treatment available to ease the Fallow's suffering. A single Beta wouldn't stand a chance at being an affected Omega's sole partner.
This realization was a further shock of ice shivering down his spine – turned Omegas were practically unicorns. Everyone had heard of them, but they were so rare as to be virtually mythical. If Nurse Annoying wasn’t lying, then her family was no doubt paid a small fortune to relinquish their rights to her turned Omega cousin. The fact that the family was apparently being allowed to visit the girl was also unusual. Historically, Omegas were isolated from everyone but their bondmate and children until they were too old to breed. The sexual revolution of the 1960’s had loosened the chains holding Omegas enough that they were no longer legally required to be bound to a Pack, but it had done little to curtail the blatant horse-trading of those who already were. John knew if he was discovered as an Omega, he would be battled over by the Packs like a bloody trophy and then locked away like a princess in a tower to be a brood mare for the rest of his life. The nightmare he was currently living was bad enough; this extra layer of hell was not one he was willing to endure.
Sherlock tossed the drive into his chair and flopped back down onto the sofa. Closing his eyes and invoking a familiar meditative technique, he found himself in the room of his mind palace where he stored the flashes he got from his Guide.
John jerked his head up from contemplating the flow of water over his fingers and twisted towards the door.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock gritted his teeth and reminded himself he could not afford to mortally offend Molly Hooper. She was one of the few London Pack members he could stand being subjected to with any regularity, and it was only through her position at the hospital and her unfortunate crush on him that he was allowed access to St. Bart's lab facilities. Normally he found her self-conscious bumbling in his presence amusing, but today she had been nothing but a nuisance. If only she would stop getting underfoot! She had been hovering practically at his elbow all day, so close that he had physically knocked into her twice while reaching for new slides. With moonrise in little more than an hour, his wolf was far too near the surface to tolerate such intrusions into his personal space. Unfortunately, the same event which caused his skin to prickle with the need to avoid unwanted physical contact was what made Molly draw unconsciously closer. The attraction she harbored for him made the pheromones he released this near to the change a siren song she was hard-pressed to resist.
“Why do you ruin everything?!” Molly's eyes filled with tears and Sherlock realized that he'd done it wrong. In her place, he honestly would have wanted to know, but apparently by sharing his deductions about Jim's condition he'd done something normal people found inappropriate. Again. You would think with his natural intelligence that after 20 years practice being a Sentinel he would have learned to be better be at reading people. He cursed himself silently and tried to salvage the situation.
He straightened his work area with brisk efficiency, plucking his coat from the chair next to him on his way out. As he left the hospital and flagged down a cab, Sherlock reflected that the entire situation wasn't nearly as simple as Molly made it sound. There were political implications to him attending tonight's run that he had spent the better part of the past decade avoiding. Him joining the Regional Pack run for Hunter's Moon would be taken as a declaration that he was willing to accept his responsibilities as his mother's successor with everything that entailed, including acquiescing to an ill-suited Guide for the “good of London”, as his brother had so recently urged him.  He had only avoided being formally ordered to do so by the Elder Council because he hadn't been there for them to make the proclamation to. Pack law required such missives be presented directly to an individual in front of the Regional Assemblage and since he had broken no Pack laws, they couldn't compel his presence.
“Even if you're right about what he is,” Molly sniffed tearfully, “why would he risk it?” She wiped a hand across her eyes, smearing tears and eye makeup, “Everyone knows the Red Queen's reign is ending.” Red Queen was one of the more common public monikers for his mother, due to the burnished copper shade of her fur in wolf-form.
“The full moon is only about three weeks away,” Mike stated matter-of-factly.  “Without a Pack, you don’t have any territory to run. What are you going to do? I’d offer to let you stay with us until you get settled, but it’s just not feasible with Anna’s pregnancy winding down.”
“Hello!” Jim parroted back, grinning at him in admiration. Eventually, he tore his eyes away and focused on Molly. “We, uh, better get going. It's getting close to moonrise.”
Unaware of John’s discontent, she continued, “My cousin Janine was turned last year and actually presented as an Omega! Isn’t that wonderful? She and her mate are expecting their first pup at the end of the month. Her mate’s House has been so generous with us, we actually get to come visit her and the baby after the little one’s Pack bond settles!”
Releasing a frustrated sigh, Sherlock turned his attention back to categorizing his tobacco ash sample, hoping to at least make it through this slide before he was interrupted again. His attempt to refocus was thwarted almost before it began by the heavy door at the end of the room crashing open.
I will be going to 221B Con this weekend, so the next chapter may be slightly delayed. I'll be cosplaying with a group of ladies as Victorian Hogwarts Houses on Saturday, so if you stumble across a bustled Slytherin feel free to stop me and say hi!
When Mike had said he might know someone who could help him, the last thing he had expected was to find himself in the middle of the Pens practicing medicine in the dilapidated remains of a Victorian warehouse, but two weeks later here he was. Before his change, John had only been academically aware of the Pens. During the Industrial Revolution, when many of the regional werewolf packs had transitioned from noble entitlement to industry, it had been a popular practice to round up London’s poor and mentally challenged under the guise of social reformation. The wolves would bite their captives in the hope of either snaring rabbits, thereby spawning a fleet of mindlessly willing workers, or, infinitely more rarely, turning them. A pack’s might was measured by its numbers - any wolf who managed to turn a rabbit who survived the change was able to add to their pack and more members meant more prestige. While today finding the right amalgamation of genetic markers necessary to create a new werewolf was a rare event made more feasible via genetic research, during Victorian times it was completely happenstance. Any wolf who wished to grow their pack’s influence had little choice but to bite as many people as possible and the workhouses gave them the perfect excuse.
Grimacing at the truth of that statement, John sipped his coffee. The RC had regretfully released him at Mike’s request, but they hadn’t made it easy. Since John had declined registration, he was ineligible to continue receiving the suppressants that kept him from turning. The pills were considered Class A controlled substances under the Misuse of Drugs Act and without the doctors of the RC or a Pack to oversee his usage, he wasn’t allowed them. In order to keep his medical license, he would have to prove to the NHS that his personal control was sufficient without them and that he was adjusting well to being a Were. That meant he would have to see a Center approved therapist until they gave him the all clear. Thankfully he’d refrained from any outbursts during his rehabilitation, so they had no grounds to suspend his license thus far; he would be able to practice medicine on a probationary license until the therapist was convinced to sign off on the fact that he wasn’t going to go rogue and start eating random pensioners.
“Don’t worry,” he replied, “I have some savings and my pension. It’s not much, but hopefully I’ll be able to find a cheap flatshare and some locum work to hold me over until I can get cleared by the Center therapist.”
“Jim, hi!” Molly's face creased in a wide smile as she greeted the newcomer. “Come in, come in!” she directed, waving him forward. “Jim, this is Sherlock Holmes!” she exclaimed almost proudly, gesturing to the figure hunched over the microscope on the other side of the table. “Jim works in I.T. upstairs” she declared. “That's how we met, bit of an office romance!”
John closed the door with a weary sigh and shrugged out of his coat. The pallid light from a streetlamp drifted through the thin curtains of his flat’s only window. As a human, it would have been too dim for him to navigate, but now he had no trouble seeing. Not that there was much to see; his current accommodations consisted of only a main living area and an attached bathroom. A small kitchenette, just enough for him to make tea and heat up a cup of noodles, lay opposite the entrance and the remainder of the space was taken up by a desk area, a bed, and a small dresser for clothing. With the lights on, the walls were a dingy, muddled grey that spoke to years of neglected misuse from tenants and owners alike.
He knew if he let his temper slip now, it would be far too easy to push the timid Molly beyond her limits. He wasn't the best at modulating his tongue on a normal day, let alone when the wolf beneath his skin was itching with lunar-augmented impatience to be free. Biting back a growl, he cleared his throat and pointedly glared down his nose at her, arching an eyebrow to indicate his displeasure at her proximity. He watched a flush crawl across her cheeks at the realization that she was half a step from climbing into his lap. With a nervous chuckle and mumbled apology, she retreated to the other side of the lab table.
“You, ah...you should tell him to report it to the Pack if he felt he'd been abused. My mother would never allow an Omega to be mistreated without retaliation.”
She finished bandaging his shoulder and began packing away her supplies. “She’s lucky the Pack gave her to such an awesome House. I’ll be honest, I’m so jealous of her. We were always competitive as kids, but she’s really come out ahead as adults! First her bite takes despite only a borderline genetic match, and then she presents on top of it and gets a handsome Alpha just handed to her! It’s like something out of a fairy tale!”
He had escaped before the salads came out and had found himself back at his grungy little flat before the clock struck eight, considering his service pistol. The disastrous date with Sarah had highlighted exactly how far he had fallen from his image of himself. Instead of a life as Captain John “Three-Continents” Watson of the Fifth North Umberland Fusiliers, he saw his empty days as the werewolf Doc from the Pens stretched endlessly out in front of him. What did he have now? A dead end job and a soulless cupboard of a flat. A disease that had ruined his life and was in the process of remaking him from the inside out into something he didn’t recognize, paired with a throbbing ache nestled beneath his breastbone which he was studiously ignoring. No friends, no family worth speaking of. No pack, which was something he had intellectually decided was the best option, but was a reality his inner wolf had emphatically not embraced yet. The dull gleam of the gun in his hand had begun to look almost preferable. He had barely convinced himself to put the weapon down then and he fought the urge to revisit that decision on an almost nightly basis.
"Take all credit then. I'll make sure John doesn't write about it. You did all the leg work, anyway."
"Hello, this is John Watson. Yes, that's right. Would you be able to bring round some IV fluids and everything needed for a feeding tube, Sherlock's got Hyperemesis Gravidarum. Yes, I am a doctor. His blood pressure's 68/37. Thank you." John hanged up the phone.
Sherlock spent the next ten minutes looking around the room for clues. John was chatting with Lestrade about the whole 'Clueing for looks' escapade, until Sherlock turned to him and asked him urgently, "Shit, John, what time is it?"
"Isn't that someone who's a bit half and half between genders?" She pulled her purple cardigan closer to her. It was always drafty in this flat.
Sherlock walked into the bathroom and brushed his teeth. He went to go pick up his Testosterone but caught himself just before he swallowed the first pill. To avoid any mistakes he poured every single capsule into the toilet and flushed it with satisfaction. He had made a commitment and he was going to stick to it. Sherlock had a long shower, got dressed in a black suit and blue shirt, and went down stairs to Mrs. Hudson's for food.
Sherlock was wearing one of his best suits. He wore it with a dark blue shirt that brought out his eyes and accentuated his slim figure. He had finally left the first trimester behind along with the morning sickness and cravings. Thanks to the feeding tube he had gained back all fifteen lost pounds, so he had it removed the day before.
"I swear to god cisgender men have got no idea what the hell women go through. I would prefer to be punched in the balls than this!" exclaimed Sherlock.
"I don't know mate. All of those comments are anonymous. I hate it when people on the internet hide behind their anonymity and say cruel things."
Sherlock felt pissed at the question. "No, I do not think that that is too young. Telling young genderqueer people that they are too young to make important decisions about their identities and their bodies does more harm than good in the vast majority of cases. I told my parents when I was only two years old that I was a boy, that I was their son, and they accepted that. If they had stopped me from taking the testosterone then I would have had to have surgeries when I was older along with having to go through puberty all over again. One in four transgender teenagers or children will attempt suicide at least once. I can guarantee that if they were given access to hormonal replacement therapy or even just puberty blockers earlier on then that number would be much lower."
"You know usually I would say that deducing a man on live TV was a bit not good, but I think that he had it coming."
Next, he took off his clothes until he was only wearing his underwear. Sherlock pulled out the electric set of scales from behind the washing basket and placed them on the black and white tiles. He stepped on them and waited for a few moments for it to calculate his weight. It read 65 kilograms.
Dr Clarke chuckled and said, "It will hurt a bit, I'm not going to lie. I suggest that you take tomorrow easy, so just stay at home and try to avoid stairs. If the pain gets really bad then ask John to asses you. He'll be able to tell if something is wrong."
"Then trust John. Here, I'll call him right now." Sherlock pulled his phone out if his other pocket and speed-dilaled John. It rang out for a few seconds before John said "Hello?"
Sherlock thought about what he was going to say during the interview. He wanted to raise awareness of the troubles intersex people go through, and also educate people on what it means exactly when someone is intersex. Sherlock felt nervous, not for the actual interview, but for what would surely come afterwards.
Ten minutes later they were standing back outside the office. Mary said, "I've organised to see Lucy from work at the local Costa, so I better be off. I'll leave you two boys to whatever boring stuff you do when I'm not around." Despite the jealousy Sherlock felt for her, he couldn't deny that he did care for her. She had become his friend in the past couple of years. She walked off and the detective and the doctor were left alone.
"Since when did you care about personal safety? Or any safety?" Lestrade's eyes just kept on getting wider.
"I like to think of myself as a decent man, and if I had treated you any differently then I would not have been one. Now come on, let's go get chips."
"Yeah, tell me about it. This story is rather unusual, and pretty much guaranteed to stir some strong opinions. We will explain more in a minute." John pushed open the door that lead into the lounge.
Sherlock stood in front of the mirror. He wore just a pair of navy boxer shorts. His dressing gown lay on the floor.
The thought of drinking or eating anything right now made Sherlock physically gag. John took that to mean no.
"Sherlock! I've got a case for you, and I think you'll like it. A locked room murder in the Ritz! Of all places. (A/N: For those of you who don't know, The Ritz is a very prestigious five star hotel in London.) Come by in about an hour, by then all of the forensic people should be done."
John and Sherlock stood together in the flat in silence for a minute, John's hand still on the baby. "I think it's only just hit me. In five months I'm going to have a little person that I have to look after. They'll rely on me for everything. I'm going to get called dad."
"Is your bladder full?" she asked. A lab technician was also in there looking at some slides on a microscope.
about using that sort of language around him or anyone else ever again. Now, I think you've got some resigning to do, if I'm not very much mistaken."
He groans in anticipation of how horrible this would be. To his dismay he realises that he's shaking, and not from the cold.
After he went to the library he continued his research at home. Sherlock found several more stories from parents who were non-binary, trans, and a few intersex. There was a mix of promising results and negative results from all genders.
A ridiculous sense of glee went through Sherlock when he heard that. He had to remind himself yet again that he would not be the child's father after the birth, and that legally speaking he would have very little say in the child's future. He wouldn't be raising him or her, the child won't be
"Of course, John. You are always welcome here. If you weren't I would have taken back the key." Sherlock picked up his book and curled up on the end of the sofa.
Please take the time to kudos and comment, those of you who have posted their own work before will know how much it means!
Since the first time he vomited because of Lestrade's egg he hadn't been able to keep much down. The list of triggers he started in the moleskine notebook grew until it took up four pages, and at that point he just wrote down 'all smells, all food,' as triggers for the morning sickness.
John hadn't thought of Sherlock craving company before. "I'm sorry. I didn't think. Why don't you try and meet someone? A romantic partner, I mean."
"Wow, that didn't take very long." Sherlock said to John. They sat at home in companionable silence, both reading newspapers.
John's eyes welled up with happy tears and wrapped the detective in a crushing embrace. "Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. That's amazing! This is actually happening!"
The doctor he saw was called Dr. Clarke, an amazing woman who was doing amazing things in the field of Gynaecology and Gender Identity. Back then she was scorned for her work because there were a lot more homophobic and transphobic arseholes around back then. She was young, tall, blonde, skinny, and beautiful though, so the men in her field let her have her way more often than they didn't. No one would guess that inside of her she had a testis as well as two ovaries, which the discovery of inspired her to do incredible work in her field of medicine.
The three if them walked out of the room and into the hallway. "John, you can wait in the waiting room, or in your car if you are worried about being recognised. It's a simple procedure, so it should only take forty five minutes at the most."
"Sherlock, I can't ask you to pay for your treatment, that would be totally unreasonable. It could cost thousands."
"This is the hardest thing I've ever done." and it was. He already felt himself starting to bond with the child inside of him, and that bond would only get stronger. He thought he could keep his feelings separate, his body was just transport after all.
John didn't know what to say to that. He had been wondering about the possibility of baby Watson being intersex, but he had just pushed the thought to the back of his mind. "Thank you. And I don't mean any disrespect by saying that, I just don't want them to go through what you've gone through."
"Yes," John answered. "We have. If you are absolutely and completely sure about this Sherlock, then we would love it if you could be our surrogate and egg donor."
"No, I'm not. I'm fine with injecting myself as well, so don't worry." Sherlock replied. An awkward silence settled over them when they realised why that was. Sherlock cleared his throat and said, "Am I right in thinking that they need to be in my thighs or lower stomach?"
"Sherlock, come with me." Sherlock followed the doctor out of the room, and went with Dr Clarke into the same room he was in last week for the egg collecting.
"If you mean that my body's overall blood flow has increased rapidly in the last week or so along with my skin getting oilier, therefore making my skin look brighter, then yes, I do believe that I am glowing. If you mean that you are seeing myself quite literally glowing, -Baskerville style, if you will-, then I suggest booking an appointment with either a psychiatrist or a neurologist. Both would be preferable."
Sherlock handed everyone their orders and said, "Would you like to watch some Doctor Who or Casualty?"
The doctor squeezed more lube on to her fingers and slowly eased one into Sherlock's anus. She pushed up at a practised angle and hit his prostate softly. Trying not to put too much pressure on the sensitive organ to avoid anything embarrassing happening, she completed the exam in under thirty seconds.
Sherlock chuckled. "I am less than five months along and I'm already showing. The press would be bound to take an interest later on and people would start to speculate. At least this way we can control what information gets out. And also because the media loves making up stories about me. There was the whole 'Sherlock's a fraud', 'Sherlock's dead', and the Janine thing. God, that was funny. Although I have to say, that woman definitely knows how to do revenge properly."
Sherlock and Lestrade turned away to give them some privacy. "You can go home if you want. You've done a great job and you shouldn't be up this soon after an operation."
"That's probably quite apparent to him already, it doesn't take a genius to know you just threw up. Mary and I will come back with you to Baker Street. And you should start making a list of all the things that make you sick."
"Good news. You can start taking the injections now. I'll show you how to do them, and if you get stuck then just talk to John or Mary. I understand you are both in the medical profession?" Dr. Clarke placed a thick file down on her desk whilst she was talking.
The reporter took out a notepad and pen, and then proceeded to question John, Mary, and Sherlock for the rest of the hour. By the end of it Sherlock was starting to feel simultaneously restless and tired, so he felt relieved when it was time for her to go. Sherlock said his goodbyes and then let John show her out.
"I'm just thinking of all of the possibilities. Do Jasmine and Isabella look similar? Not close up, but from their general complexion and hair colour?"
"I will try and find out the results today for you. If I do, I will call you at about four thirty. Until then try not to worry too much."
"I understand if the BBC won't cover our story. LGBTQ issues very often result in people being unsupportive and sometimes disgusted. The only reason I want to do this is to raise awareness of what it is like to be trans or intersex." Sherlock spoke.
"It was too big and lonely for me. Plus Mycroft said I had to get a flat mate or live with him or he'd cut off my money. I had just gotten clean when you met me, and he has monitored most of my financial transactions since then. I rent the houses out cheaply, and give all the money I don't need to various charities."
"Sherlock!" he heard. The man stood up swaying slightly, and walked out of the bathroom. John was outside looking for him.
"Nearly done now. I'll just check your prostate and then we will have a chat about the medications you will need to take."
The detective walked into the kitchen, put the kettle on, and came back to see John hugging a lightly crying Mary on the sofa. John looked up to Sherlock and gently released Mary from his embrace. Mary wiped her eyes and turned her attention to Sherlock, who had brought his armchair opposite the sofa and taken a seat.
"It is hard enough to come out to people when it is regarding your sexuality. Coming out to people about your gender is even harder. I didn't come out before I found out that they needed a surrogate because it was my personal business, and they weren't entitled to it."
The detective can feel the icy wind from the glassless but barred window frame running over his welts on his back and the raw skin on his wrists from the handcuffs. It is a small mercy in his life which he is ever so grateful for. He hasn't showered in weeks; he has a beard that touches his chest; and matted hair down to his shoulders. He is grateful for anything that eases his suffering in this small corner of hell.
The steal door creaks open, and for a second Sherlock thinks that the torturer was leaving, and that he'll get a break. His hopes are crushed with cruel force when he sees who is standing in the doorway.
John however looked angry. Sherlock knew that John had been seeing a therapist and attending a group session for his anger every week since he returned, but in this moment he looked absolutely furious. The vein in his temple was clearly visible now, and his face was going red. He took three deep breaths (probably something he learned in anger management, Sherlock noted) and lifted his head up to look Sherlock in the eye.
"Lie back down and pull your shirt up, I'll get some disinfectant wipes." John instructed. Sherlock did as was asked and hooked his knees up and over the arm of the sofa. John walked back in and sat on the coffee table and leaned over.
"I have an immense fear of there being an afterlife. Not just hell, I mean I don't want there to be a heaven or paradise or whatever other nice plane of existence you can think of. I'd prefer that to hell, of course, but it terrifies me. Immortality. Imagine how bored you would get! You stay there for a millennium, and then guess what! You've got an infinite number of millennium after that. Time would become meaningless. It's terrifying, simply terrifying."
His finger traced the few track marks along his great saphenous vein, and then disinfected the area with a wipe. He quickly injected the hormones into himself with practised ease, before hearing the door open.
John checked the counter and saw that it had a fifteen-thousand view increase since before the latest post went up.
"I'm absolutely sure. I'll stop taking the T -testosterone- immediately, and I believe I'll need to start taking some oestrogen or something to help get myself ready. It will still take several months or even a year before anything can happen though."
This man, unfortunately, is no idiot. Sherlock can read almost as little about him as he can about Irene Adler, and what he can read is useless information like what he had for breakfast this morning. His methods of torture are inhumane and merciless, cold-blooded and heartless. Three weeks ago it was oxygen deprivation, two weeks ago it was playing an ultra high pitched noise through headphones for five days, and last week it was carving words into his back. He is yet to find out what the words were, but something tells him that they're not exactly kind.
He managed to finish the whole of the first one before giving up. The nausea was now so bad he had to close his eyes to keep from throwing up. Sherlock lasted about a minute before giving up and running to the bathroom to empty his stomach of the cracker and some bile.
He felt the end of the catheter go in and saw a white stick thing go inside him on the screen. A few seconds later the doctor said, "All done."
"I want to check your blood pressure. If it's low then I'm taking you to hospital." John's tone repelled an argument.
