“I don't know why Winchester thinks she gets special treatment,” The orderly Roy said walking up to the nurses station annoyed.
Dean was starting to think that this wasn’t so bad, having Castiel next to him like this. Maybe he could lay in the bed with him, letting his mind wander to the many daydreams of the possibilities. He was lost because he didn't notice that Castiel hadn’t gotten up or came back until he was in front of him. Handing Dean a beer.
There are a lot of bullet points, so it is easier to follow along with what Meg and Charlie are teaching.
Clover’s lips raised in a small smile, mumbling about how she was just worried that Cas would betray them. Just like the one who shall not be named. Dean chuckled under his breath and told her not to worry; besides, she knew all the fun ways to get rid of a body if they needed to. Cas listened, a scary feeling settling in his chest and surprisingly turned on that Dean was ruthless and cared deeply for his sister.
Stella looked at the nurse she asked again what the puppy's name was, Jimmy, repeated the question knowing Stella was having a hard time.
Harper sighed, looking down, spotting the woman holding a flashlight illuminating the ladder just a bit; she squinted, trying to see who was climbing up.  The shape was too small to be Sam but too big to be a woman; she stood up armed with a whiskey bottle and her gun.
”She is a little bit shy, ” Jimmy said, petting her head, making sure she was alright before starting with Mr. Adler's request.
yes, she swears more often than most people know their care person swore a lot and Dean taught Stella.
“Have you heard anything from Dad?” Ivy had been wanting to ask about him but she wasn't sure how Dean would take it.
The spot where he could see the slick starting to pool was getting larger, slowly leaking its way down the sides of the Omegas legs.
After thanking his driver, he took a deep breath blowing it out, knowing they would set a date for the upcoming nuptials. This was not where Cas wanted to be; he wanted to be in his apartment getting ready with Jimmy to go for the night. He made his way into the house, listening to find out where everyone was, the living room.
Stella threw her hands up and turned around, waited, and tapping her foot. Jimmy came back with Dean, who looked like he didn't want to be a part of what was going on between the two of them. Dean tapped Stella on the shoulder and said her name getting her to turn around.
“He is my best friend; I love him very much. He is like me,” Blue replied, not thinking too much about what she had said.
“She'll be ok,” Meg said catching on that in the short time that Cas has known Ivy she had wormed her way into he heart.
Harper moved to the side as Sam attacked Dean Karen grabbed him, “It's them, it's them,” Karen said, doing her best to keep the giant man restrained.
Dean washed up and could help but touch himself at the thought of Cas kneeling in front of him, those plush pillow lips wrapped around him as he stroked himself slowly at first. Moving fast working his way up to his release and the time thinking of all the dirty things he wanted to do to Dr. Novak. Dean got out of the shower feeling a bit more refreshed than he did that morning got dressed and headed out to see Ivy. When he got to the facility he showed his pass to the camera they knew him but he still showed it and headed up, he was stopped at the desk to talk to Meg since she was there this afternoon. She knew more about Ivy than anyone else ont he floor.
“Ivy, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to break your stuff,” Ash said hoping she would forgive him. Ivy just glared at him as Cas and Dean sat at the table.
Cas pulled Dean from the car carrying him inside; a wiggly puppy greeted him, and Stella running after it, followed by Jimmy yelling at the both of them to wait.
Ivy continued to rock back and forth, she ignored him. “Ok we can wait, I'm gonna go. I'll come and check back on you in a little bit,” he said getting up off the floor. Sometimes it was best to just let people come to you and not force anything. Cas went to his office to call Dean he hated to interrupt his work day but this was important.
Dean was worried about going to daycare. He didn't want anyone being mean or making fun of his sister for not being able to do all the stuff, other people, their age could do.
Cas followed everyone inside. It was strange how no one said anything at the affectionate eh twins showed each other; he wondered if it was just a thing they did leave over from childhood or if he and his siblings were so dysfunctional that he just thought it was weird.
Dean sighed, following her outside say they were doing this no matter what, and if she wanted to leave, she was more than welcome to; Harper shook her head, seeing she had no choice headed back inside, grabbing the spray paint there was no way as stupid as this idea was that she was going to leave Dean and Karen to do it on their own. They sat there for hours waiting for this Castiel to show up; Dean sighed and looked at Karen.
Cas followed with Dean close behind, holding his hand rubbing his thumb on the back of his hand; Cas found it helpful with the anxiety he was having a the moment. He had no clue what the king was going to ask him.
“I am yours all weekend, ok?” Dean asked. He had a shopping trip planned to get her more stuff to keep at the house.
“Dean are you there?” Cas asked, his voice was distant to Dean as it pulled him from his thoughts it must not have been the first time Cas called out his name.
Ivy shook her head uncurled and got off the bed, she went into the bathroom and closed the door hoping Cas would leave and she would have to talk to him about anything. When she was down washing up, she opened the door Cas was still sitting on her bed. He smiled at her and patted the bed next to him.
Willow jumped and hurried back into the house with her head down, tail and wings dropping as well. Cas watched as John snatched at her by the arm, leaning in to whisper something in her ear. He couldn't make anything out, and he was sure he heard the girl whimper. He pretended he didn’t see anything when John looked his way, but in the back of his mind, Cas wanted to say something as he watched the two walk away, but the sound of honking pulled him from his thoughts. Glancing one last time at the closed door, he made a mental note to bring this up to his brother; he believed that John, more than likely, hits his kids. He growled in the back of his throat at the thought of John placing a hand on the twins, he wasn't excited about marrying Dean, but he didn't like the idea of him being hurt.
Stella turned around and backed away, shaking her head, she pointed to her mating gland and then him.
After Dean left Cas headed to his office he opened Ivy’s file there was no mention of a group home in her file. He was wondering why that was left out. She had a history of self harm and was not allowed to use any sharp objects when she first got there they removed everything from her room. The only things left were the bed, a desk and a chair her clothes were stacked on the desk. until she showed she wouldn't hurt herself anymore and they added things back slowly. Cas shook his head he wanted to know why this girl wouldn't talk, what happened to her?
Dean shrugged and looked at his shoes; he didn't think they would care no one else did when he told them about Stella and how he thought something was wrong.
Dean hurried to help her, but Sam got there first, helping their sister lower herself into her seat, kneeling down and taking off her shoe. In doing so, she cried out in pain as Sam began poking around at it.
They made an appointment to come back and get Stella fitted for the aids, and hopefully, it would help her a bit.
”I'm sorry to keep you, little problem down at daycare, but everything is better now, ” Jimmy said, setting down Stella, along with her bag.
Elle sat a plate in front of Dean with a sippy cup of milk doing the same to Stella. Dean dove in, peanut butter and jelly with carrots and grapes.
“If you hurt him, they will never find your body,” Clover whispered before pulling away, smiling at Cas and nodding. “Let me know when Sammy gets here, I’m gonna take a nap.”
”It's ok. Next time tells Miss. Becky ok, and she can come help, ” Cas said, leading Dean into the elevator, Jimmy and Stella right behind them.
It wasn't too long after Dean left that Ivy came knocking on the door, she gave a small smile and a wave, pointing to the chair, Cas nodded and greeted her wondering what she was doing in his office.
The smell was divine when Cas entered the house, the sweet scent of steaks cooked to suit his new palette. He wondered if Dean had told her he like his meat rare now or it was just the way they all like it. The food was spread out along the island in the middle of the massive kitchen. He was in awe, looking around; his apartment could fit in there, no problem.
”There was a little bat that lived in the barn with us; it liked Stella. It would crawl on her and drink milk off her fingers, ” Dean said with a fond smile.
“Ivy can I have some?” Dean asked. She handed the pie to him so he could have some too, she pointed to her wrist; even though Meg told her he was going to be late, she wasn't going to let it go.
Jimmy nodded. Ivy laid down. Jimmy cuddled up behind her; it felt nice to cuddle with someone that wasn't expecting sex or anything from him other than just being held. However, Jimmy was thinking about nice Ivy smelled and her warmth pressed against him breathing softly as she slept. Jimmy always made sure he touched her gently after seeing what happened in the stairwell. He figured the only gentle touch she got was when Dean hugged her; he could feel himself getting hard, which was not what he wasn't right now. With her ass pressed up against him holding his hand next to her cheek, he brushed his thumb across her cheek. Jeez, her skin was so soft Jimmy wanted to feel more of Ivy. He wanted to show her that not everyone was so rough. Ivy shifted to get more comfortable rubbed up against him; he pressed closer and kissed her shoulder.
Dean smiled as Mildred flirted with him as he rolled her down to the TV room to spend some time with the other residents. She always made sure to tell Dean how handsome he looked and gave him a pat on the butt before he walked away. He stopped before he could walk away to rub his chest. It ached a bit like he had pulled a muscle, but he shook it off, thinking it was just lifting the patients.
“Sis, Sam is right. We need a new picture,” Dean explained, moving closer so that he was now kneeling down to look at her ankle.
“Nah, I just like the way you look, Sir,” Dean replied, a smirk on his face, “Maybe, it's been a while since I have had a drink.”
“Let me know what I can do to help too; her brother seems better off, ” Elle said, washing the dishes.
“Ok, Friday, you'll go home with Cas and Jimmy, but I'll be home when I get off work,” Dean reminded Ivy.
Stella smiled at all the animals she took an arm full and carried them over to the corner, lining them up so they were facing her and she got a book handed it the book Jimmy she sat down with the animals and waited.
“Yeah, Blue must have taken him to help her, but bouns they are with grandpa, and that means dads going to have to answer for what he has done to Blue,” Dean replied, taking his shirt off and tossing it to the side.
“All part of my charm,” Cas said. In truth, he was happy that he made Ivy laugh. Maybe he could get her to talk too.
He shot up, breathing heavily, cold sweat pouring off of him, as the images that echoed in his mind faded quickly. He looked around, a confused expression twisted on his face, relaxing when he spotted the familiar picture on his wall. He made it home. He has no idea how. The last thing he remembered was heading out on a call with his partner getting out of the van, heading into the woods. He swung his legs over the bed's side as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes, letting out a small yelp startled as a stabbing pain ran through his leg at the movement. Frowning, he looked down, noticing he still had worn his work uniform and shoes; it was strange he always changed his clothes after work. The cheap polyester blend was filthy, caked with dried mud, dead leaves on the legs and knees. With closer inspection, he narrowed his eyes and saw a large rip and dried blood on the left leg's side.
“Stella doesn’t talk. No one took the time to teach her beside her brother. She does point or will hand you things that she wants,” Jimmy said, setting Stella down she stood close to him looking around the room.
Willow looked down while twirling a strand of her hair. “Um, Dean, he- um, he’s nice, and well, Daddy-he said some not so nice stuff, and please don't think less of Dean,” she said quickly, her gaze glancing up at him just before moving off to the side as if she was going to be scolded.
After they finished and Jimmy helping Stella learn to pick up the food to feed herself, Cas took Dean for a bath while Jimmy played with Stella.
“Found your journal,” Dean yelled, "Is that why you were up there? Were you going to jump?" He asked as Harper turned, “Were you?”
The man nodded and turned his attention to Cas, “Dean Winchester,” he said, holding out his hand. Castiel stared at him for a few seconds until Meg nudged him, making him jump.
”I don't think so, ” Jimmy said, looking, Stella. She laid her head on Dean’s shoulder, looking miserable.
“Ok, well, I will see you tomorrow,” Dean said, he was hoping to know what was going on in Ivy's head, but he was going to have to wait until she was ready to tell him.
“Good, that's how you should feel; this is your home,” Dean replied, taking Cas by the hand, “Let go see the rest of the castle, and I don't know about you, but I'm starving.”
It didn't take too long for both men to cum; Deann sighed with contentment when he felt the warmth of Cas’ cum slipping out of him.
Cas looked John up and down before setting the bag down and shaking his hand; from what Dean had told him; John was an ok parent after his mother died a functioning alcoholic, he didn't like him withhold affection from a Sub even one's own child was deplorable in Cas’ eyes.
Cas nodded his acknowledgment in the man’s general direction, “Nice to meet you. If you will excuse me, I'm going to go change,” he said politely before turning to head up the stairs.
Cas finished up a few things before leaving for the night. He stopped at the nurse's station to say good night to everyone. He was surprised to see Ivy standing there. According to her file, she usually was in bed after Dean left for the day.
He smiled and picked her up she whined but didn't wake up, laying her down in the crib, covering her placing a teddy bear in her arms.
“Wanna play the game?” Ivy asked. She didn't really want to play the game, but Dean enjoyed them, so she thought she would ask.
Dean was pouring coffee when he heard footsteps behind him. Turning around, he nearly jumped when he saw the robot walking towards him and yep, his eyes were the most incredible shade of blue that made Dean's mind go blank. He smashed himself against the counter as the bot invaded his space.
Cas’s phone chimed, letting him know he received an email. He used his cellphone for private emails, and he smiled when he saw one from his favorite Cam boy.
The boy let his head hang low and shook it, signifying he knew it he was just a normal human who got dumped at the wrong Orphanage. The older witch smiled and said all good things come in time, no sense rushing them.
“Ivy had a hard night; she hardly slept at all kept having nightmares,” Meg said, shaking her head and folding her arms across her chest.
“It's ok, take your time,” Cas said standing up walking around his desk when Ivy took a breath and signed for a pen. When he handed her the paper she hesitated before writing, pulling away when Dean leaned over to see what she was writing.
It was nice to see Blue's mood had improved, but Cas figured she could be more herself when her parents weren't around.
Jimmy sighed. There were a lot of things she didn't like because people were mean to her, but he was going to show her just how much love he had to give, and not every Alpha is mean.
“Where’s Clove?” Sam questioned, coming back down the stairs after dropping his bag off in his room.
The twins fell asleep on the floor next to the table after lunch. Jimmy smiled and said he would leave Stella there with dean, so she didn't get scared when she woke up, Cas agreed it was a good idea and grabbed a blanket he kept in the closet for when he stayed long nights but now with the babies Cas told himself he wasn't going to work himself to death.
Dean walked over to Ivy she was staring out the window a tear slid down her cheek. Ivy got a bit of special treatment Dean could visit when he wanted to, he didn't have to wait for visiting day. One of the doctors tried to stop him from coming as he please. That didn't last long after Ivy stopped eating, getting out of bed and showering. The doctor looked at Dean visiting as a reward for Ivy instead something important to her mental health. The whole pln backfired in the doctors face he was fired soon after the following doctor was the one who lifted restrictions on Dean visiting his sister.
Ivy made a face and ate a little bit of food, Benny teased her and she laughed a bit smile a little more as she took small bites to please Dean. When they were done Benny cleared the trays and Dean told Ivy to go pick out a game. At the same time, he talked to Cas for a moment, Benny was almost to the table and followed Ivy to help her grab a game from the top shelf if that was something she wanted.
“Even if I'm boring?” Cas questioned; it was something he said every time the subject of him not having gifts came up.
Cas pushed the Omegas legs up more so Dean's ass was flush with his cock, pressing hard and aching inside his pants. The Omega gasped as Cas’s other hand and made its way around to his slick soaked hole.
She looked at him with tears in her eyes and shook her head, she wasn't going to tell him what was really bothering her.
Dean nodded and patted the cushion next to him while he grabbed the remote. He quickly found the Dr. Sexy marathon on TV and settled in for a while. He did not want to do anything for the next few hours. But he was aware of Castiel sitting next to him...still naked.
Dean sighed, "she's says you're a big stupid doo-doo head, not in those words," Dean replied, looking down at his shoes.
“What are you boys up to?” Rowena asked, glancing up at Dean and Cas for a moment before tending to the bird.
Stella currently had her pacifier in her mouth. She was sucking on it hard stressed that her Daddy was leaving her, and she didn't know when he was coming back; what if he never came back because he didn't like her anymore?
Dean grabbed the sheet and held on tight as Cas’s hand came back down for the third time. He knew he had a small pain kink, but this was the best feeling laying across Cas’s legs, his arm holding him in place as he alternated smacking Dean's ass cheeks. He moaned as Cas rubbed his butt after each hit.
Ivy grunted and grabbed the pen and paper off Cas’s desk writing carefully before holding it up for them to read. “Master will know, find me, hurt me again.” she was shaking as they read hoping that the man she referred to as master didn't find out but he knew, he somehow always did.
“No, thanks. Sit back down, relax, watch some TV,” Dean replied, trying not to sound too much like he wanted the bot to sit next to him.
Rowena smiled and said she would do her best, but it would be Wren’s job to nurse the bird, like all the other feathered friends before that. The redhead teased her about taking life but always wanting to nurture things back to health.
The swing creaked under Cas’ weight when he sat down as Dean told him not to worry, that their dad had reinforced it. Especially with three rowdy kids running around. He wanted to make sure no one got hurt. Cas nodded, taking the beer Dean was handing him as he talked.
“You are aroused. I can detect an increase of blood flow to your penis, and your hormone levels are rising,” Castiel replied eyes scanning Dean.
No one else seemed to care, but Cas was taken back at the action. It was a little too intimate for a brother and sister, in his opinion. He was even more surprised when Dean returned the affection before setting his sister down on the ground.
Stella sighed and looked at Dean who nodded, “you are smart you will learn, I’m sorry I didn’t teach you more,” Dean said with a sniff, he hardly learned himself no one took the time.
Castiel opened a sizeable white door; the room was huge, the carpet a soft blue, the walls were painted with different animals on the ceiling clouds and sun.
Cas laughed a bit. He didn't think it would be hard for Dean to spend the day with him alone, but Cas figures if they needed to leave because Dean was uncomfortable, they would go home.
"Oh, honey, you're Daddy will be back. He had to step out for a bit," Elle said, making sure she was facing Stella so she could understand.
Jimmy shook his head, “It's not that, at least not yet. We have stuff in common, and I want this to work. I'm just saying you don't have to love him. Try to be Dean's friend. That's all I'm asking.”
“It's not broken, but we should wrap it. You'll have to stay off of it,” Sam informed, smiling at his sister.
Jimmy grabbed a blanket, handing it to Stella in case she wanted it, and sat down to read to her. Not more than three pages in, she curled up under the blankets and stuffed animals all around her.
Benny nodded and said he would be happy too, that Dean did need to worry about him. Dean nodded, and still watching went to get Becky.
A  huge medium size crate was sitting in the living room. Stella looked at Jimmy; her eyes wide, she was sacred; he was sending her away.
“Daddy, why can’t we stay with you?” Dean asked, looking at the floor. He was scared that the person running the daycare was going to be mean like the caregiver they had before.
Dean finally worked up the nerve to tell Ivy that he had moved in with Cas. Ivy was worried about where she would sleep and where Jimmy would sleep; he was supposed to come home for the weekend.
“You didn't see it the way her face lit up when he came swooping in,” Gabe complained, getting up to toss the bread back into the bowl to rise again.
Cas tilted his head to the side, entering the room, and looked at Dean but didn't say anything before sitting back down on the couch. He was close enough that Dean could feel the heat of Castiel's leg pressed against his. Which, in all honesty, creeped Dean out...just a bit. He wasn't sure how he thought Castiel should feel, but warm was not one of those things. He liked the feeling, after getting used to it, even though he was trying to ignore it. It had been a long time since he felt another body pressed to his.
Charlie was behind the counter when Cas walked into the record store; she glared at him as he made his way through the aisle of records. “Still mad?” Cas asked after walking up to the counter.
Stella looked at him; she wasn't sure what that meant, but she didn't like the towel. She thought about what he was saying and nodded.
“Oh yeah, best friends those two,” Dean replied stepping just shy of Cas’ desk not knowing what else to say but not wanting to leave just yet.
Jimmy laughed, “I had the same thought, Dean, not that bad. He's just mad,” he said, putting out the joint and handing the roach back to Cas.
Cas smiled and nodded, “I have some notes to write so I wonder be able to entertain you,” he said chuckling a bit at his bad joke.
“Do I make you uncomfortable?” Cas asked, turning his head to look at Dean, “most prefer their bots to be naked.”
They were good babies, hardly ever cried. The staff learned quickly not to touch them with their bare hands, at least the skeletal part that seemed to show up when they threw tantrums as toddlers. As the twins grew, the staff became more and more concerned that they weren’t adoptable. No one had even seen children with their “gifts” before. It didn't stop Dean and Wren from teaching themselves, as they got older, that with a simple touch, they could end the suffering of a bird that had crashed into a window. This gift made the other children frightened of them, steering clear whenever they were near. They did not want to die if they were accidentally touched, no matter how many times the staff explained that it doesn't work like that, they needed to be close to Death for the twins to use their gifts.
“It's different each time, we had to have Dean come back last time,” Meg replied checkin on last time Ivy was comfortable at least she hoped she was before leaving the room to go reprimand Roy.
The Alpha smiled as he heard the Omega talking, asking if he was liking what he was doing, and if he wanted to see more. The Omega took a giant dildo and ran it up and down his ass getting it wet with slick.
“Thanks, Cas. that's nice of you,” Dean said. Just when Dean thought Cas couldn't get any nicer he goes and does something for Ivy. he could feel himself falling for the other man. He worried that Cas wasn't into guys. Ivy watched the exchange between the two. Letting them have their moment she made her way out of the room, both men followed not saying anything.
"Her name is Belle. How do you two talk when I'm not here?" Dean asked as Cas strapped him into his high chair.
Dean and Sam both came up the signing they use to help Stella communicate, Sams person was a lot kinder and took good care of him and helped with Dean and Stella when she could, allowing them to play and hang out.
Salem was close by, saying whatever he didn't eat, he could take home unless he was planning on drinking, then he was staying. Cas looked at her like she was crazy. There was no way he would stay the night where he would sleep; he couldn't be around Dean too much. The pull to be close was too strong at times; it was terrifying.
Stella looked around, ignoring the two in front of her. She spotted blocks tugged on Dean's hand and pointed to what she saw smiling behind her pacifier.
The messy-haired man opened the crate, Stella scooted back behind Dean, the man smiled softly at her waving his hand for them to come out. Dean took Stella by the hand and crawled out, standing they barely came up to the man's chest.
“Thought you were looking for us,” the waitress replied, her eyes flicking to a brilliant blue before returning to normal.
“Willow!” John’s voice disrupted, both of them jolted apart to look up at the scolding man, “Get inside..”
She whimpered and shrank, making herself even smaller; ” I'm not going to hurt you; I am your new daddy. Can you say, daddy?”
“So what? We are off the hook, and you’re on? We didn't wanna be saved like this,” Dean yelled, grabbing Sam.
Harper stared at the man waiting for him to reach the ground before pulling her knife from her pocket rushing forward, knocking the imposter off balance, scrambling on top of him, holding the knife to his throat, “Who the fuck are you?” she yelled, “Tell me!”
Cas was buried in his thoughts, reading over an email he received when the scent of honey and pine smacked him. He wanted to groan out loud but stifled it as the Omega walked by.
Dean chuckled, shaking his head. Cas looked at him, saying it wasn't funny Gabe really loves Blue. The other fairy nodded, saying he was laughing at himself, looking at how ridiculous he looked; Cas thought he looked handsome.
Elle greeted both of them and smiled as Stella made grabbing hands at Dean. He shook his head and told her she had to stay in her chair.
Cas came up to help Dean down the stairs; Jimmy helped Stella, who yawned and snuggled close to her Alpha. Stella placed her nose close to Jimmy's scent gland breathing in deep it was making her feel better. Jimmy smiled when he felt her breath hot on his neck.
It was normal for the kids to move out of the Orphanage when they turned eighteen. The Orphanage set them up with jobs and an apartment, even going as far as to open bank accounts when they are old enough to start work to start saving for bills.
"No, unfortunately, it's permanent, I don't know what happened to her, but she has a lot of scar tissue in her ears as well," the doctor said.
The crate lifted onto the back of truck straps thrown across the top to tie it down, making sure the twin's stayed put in the end.
“I know how it looks, trust me when I say the last time I tried to help Blue, she ended up with a broken leg,” Dean stopped walking and looked at Cas, “I am working my hardest to get Blue, and I out of here.” He dropped Cas’s and walked away.
“Ivy was in a group home for a while and that's not in here and a few other things are missing about her history,” Cas informed Meg.
“Oh fuck,” the boy's voice rang out over the speakers as he turned to show the camera he was cumming.
“I noticed there weren't any notes from the night nurse, so best guess she had nightmares,” Meg said, pulling out the nightly notes to double-check.
Stella nodded he had been kind to her so far; she stood there waiting for the water to fill up, Jimmy pulled her dress off and smiled, touching her face softly, he pulled her shoes off and then her diaper causing her to whimper.
“No-Cas, right? Just give me some time to wrap my head around what's going on,” Dean said, turning to face the robot. “And stop calling me master, it's weird. Call me Dean,” he added while pushing past it with his coffee and heading back into the living room.
Jimmy nodded and told Dean he could go back to Cas. They would be back soon. Dean nodded, hugging his sister, telling her to be nice before running back to the dining room.
Anna nodded and said if they needed her, she would be at the desk. After dinner was usually quiet, and no one caused too much of a disturbance. She glared at Dean as she walked out.
Ivy swallowed and with shaky hands, she opened the present the rest of the way revealing a blindfold and silk ropes. She dropped the box and took off for her room, running into the bathroom she threw up curling into a ball, she started to sob just when she thought he was done with her, he would show back up.
The trio headed up to Sam's room. Looking around, this place was sketchy. The hallway was lined with purple wallpaper. Harper and Dean looked at each other. Karen pointed to the door at the end of the hall. It was the room the manager at the desk gave them when Dean knocked on the door. When the door opened, a short brunette woman was standing there looking just as confused as the trio did.
“Of course,, man, she loves you. You are like a brother to us,” Dean said,, pulling up in front of Benny’s apartment building.
"Ok, well, keeping a diaper off for a little bit should help dry it out, also no sex till it's gone, ” he said.
Castiel smiled, “May I sit with you while you watch television?” he asked, the tone in his voice changing to sound happier.
“Maybe I should get her a notebook” Dean said in a thoughtful tone, “I mean if she wnats to write in it she can.”
Dean covered himself up with one of the couch pillows. Once he realized what the bot was doing, “Don't do that,” he snapped, getting up and taking his cup into the kitchen once he felt himself calm down, Castiel right on his heels.
Sam nodded, pulling it out of his jacket pocket to present to her. Clover smiled and reached for it, huffing in frustration when he pulled it away before she could get it. She made a face at her little brother.
He wasn't sure how he made it home. Still, he was in his parking spot staring at his hand, wondering how the hell the wound closed upon its own, getting out of the car, his phone went off, his brothers calling and texting making sure he was ok, ignoring the messages he headed into his apartment. Cas slid down the back of the door as tears welled in his eyes. He was terrified of what was happening to him; he had no one to talk to about it. He wasn't sure if he should check himself into a hospital or not. What would he tell them? He got bit by a wild animal; now he has superhuman healing, hearing, taste, and anything else you could think of; he jumped a light knock on the door pulling him from his thoughts.
“He didn’t hear you. Again,” Dean commanded, looking down at his sister with a pointed look. He had a good foot on her, but she was feisty.
“Why are you covered in dirt?” Dean asked, pointing at her. She had dirt smeared across her face, shirt, and pants. The wince on her face as she attempted to cross the room.
“I guess I should go; I'll see ya tomorrow,” Dean said, licking the fork one last time before tossing it in the wastebasket next to Cas’s desk; leaving Cas office, he left the door open.
“Sorry, Castiel Novak, I'm the new doctor,” he replied, shaking Dean's hand. He couldn't meet Dean's eye. Cas couldn't believe he froze like that when Dean introduced himself. There was no way he was getting over that embarrassment anytime soon.
”Daddy, Stelly didn't do anything she wanted her bear, and I ripped it, ” Dean said, putting his head down he felt terrible for cutting the bear he knew it was her favorite. It was the first time she had something that was all her own.
Ivy was having a nightmare. Jimmy whispered in her ear that she was safe that it wasn't real. She needed to wake up. He was there. He would keep her safe. Jimmy squeezed Ivy tightly to him. A single tear fell from her eyes. He wiped it away with his thumb. Jimmy wanted to know what she was dreaming about, don't take who? He would ask when she woke up. She rolled over and snuggled into his chest, rubbing her face against him. He sighed. He was so hard and uncomfortable, but Jimmy knew Ivy would wake up if he tried to leave. Jimmy turned to see who was coming in when he heard the door handle turn.
Sam looked at his siblings. Harper was on edge, waiting for Dean's signal to run or fight; they watched as all the other people in the diner their eyes turned blue, and one guy locked the diner door.
“Grab what you want. There is plenty,” Salem said, pulling Cas from his thoughts, shoving a plate into his hands.
Ivy hid her face behind the pad of paper before moving Cas noted how rosey her cheeks were as she scribbled on the paper before holding it up. “I’ll put these in my room, meet in the dining hall,” she wrote down and ran out of the room before anyone could say anything more about her talking.
Stella looked at the towel and then at Jimmy, who wasn't looking. She pulled it off again. She didn't like the way it felt on her skin. It was too soft.
The old, dilapidated building sat at the end of the street. A tall chain-link fence encased the front yard extending down each side of the smaller wooden railings of the neighbors before wrapping around the back. The grass was green and well taken care of, the garden was always lush with flowers.
“Maybe hold on to the pen sometimes when she comes back she tries to hurt herself,” Meg said a she tucked Ivy in making sure she was wrapped snug how she liked.
Dean and Stella grew up on an Omega ranch. They never knew their parents, taken away after they were born, the only living pair of twins on the farm. They were kept away from the others for their protection on having a few scheduled pay dates with others to build social skills. The twins, as unique as they were, were not taken care of very well; they were tiny, underweight, but perfect for the Alphas, who liked their Omegas to be like babies.
Ivy nodded and sniffed, wiping her nose on her sleeve; Cas did feel bad for her Dean was her only family, “Can I hug you?’ Cas asked. He didn't know why he asked he never asked to hug a patient, but there was something about Ivy that he wanted to take care of her keep her safe. She nodded and opened her arms. He squeezed her tight she relaxed. That was all she needed a hug. “I'll be back tomorrow,” Cas said, letting go when she did; she nodded and sniffed again, heading down the hall to her room; before Cas left for the night, he told Anna to call him if they needed anything it didn't matter what time it was.
Dean looked past Cas after noticing his sister stopping at the base of the window. He called out to her to see what was going on. She didn’t say anything as she waved him to come over. He and Cas got up to cross the yard to see what she had found.
”Ima big boy, I help Stella with everything, that man who was supposed to take care of us would get mad and hit us for not knowing things, but he never showed us, ” Dean said. He wanted them to know everything, and hopefully, they wouldn’t send them back to that place.
Cas watched the exchange with a raised brow before informing her not to worry about it; he was now part of the family. She smirked and pulled her arm out of her brother’s grip and headed into the living room, calling over her shoulder to Dean, telling him to get Sam. Dean frowned and looked at Cas, rubbing at his face while apologizing for Clover’s behavior. She really could be a brat most of the time. Dean felt his heart flutter when the man laughed, saying, don't worry about it. She was the only girl, and sometimes they needed to be bratty. Dean chuckled at Cas’s comment. There was a quiet that settled between them, Dean looking away when the man’s gaze had his cheeks heating. Clearing his throat, Dean asked him if he wanted a beer. Relieved when Cas nodded, he then requested Dean if it was ok with him and Clover that he could stay, and they could talk.
“I met your brother; he seems very nice,” Cas said, watching as the girl's face lit up at the mention of her brother.
Mitch took a deep breath the stench of annoyed Alpha filled the room, making the Omegas uncomfortable.
“Yeah I guess, I’ll be back with Benny,” Dean said heading out not giving Cas a chance to say goodbye he was wondering if Dean was doing that on purpose of it he was just used to the other doctors dismissing him.
Cas gripped the steering wheel, tightening his hands until his knuckles were white. This was the last thing he wanted to do, family dinner. He had to cancel his plans with Dean; his mother wouldn't stop nagging him, saying whatever it was couldn't be more important than his family. She was constantly nagging him about finding a nice person to settle down with and start building a family. He shook his head at the memory of the last dinner he went to. His mother was trying to hook him up with one of her friend's sons who had just come out.
”That was very nice of you to help your sister. Being so little yourself, ” Cas replied. He was trying to figure out how much Dean knew and what age they were at mentally and developmentally.
“Sister?” Dean asked she looked up gave him a half smile, Still sad?” Ivy nodded as she wiped her eyes puling the sleeves of her sweater over her hands. “Benny wants to come see you tonight” he said she perked up and smiled a bit more as Dean pulled her in for a hug, “Dr. Novak around?” She pointed down the hall towards his office, “Someone in there?” She shook her head, she opened her mouth to say something but nothing came out she grunted frustrated she wanted to talk to Dean but it had been so long she wasn't she sure she could do it.
“I didn't realize how much Blue does,” Mary sighed as Dean helped behind the counter filling orders.
Ivy slumped in her seat and pouted, Dean nudged her with his arm his cheeks poking out with food as he talked to her. “Ivy eat a little and then we will play a board game you can pick” Dean encouraged pointing at her tray with his fork.
She sighed and rubbed her face. Cas tilted his head and squinted at her. She giggled a little as Meg walked back into the office to give Ivy her afternoon meds. She looked at Cas in surprise. The only person who can get her to laugh is Dean. Meg smiled at Ivy as she made her way over with a small cup of pills and another one full of water; Ivy made a face before taking the cups and swallowing down the med.
”It's going to be ok, ” Jimmy said as Stella tried to get out of her seat but stopped, she saw food.
“I'll be there in the morning. I didn't get a chance to tell Ivy before Anna took her, but I always come for breakfast when I don't have to work,” Dean said, getting to the point, so he didn't make a bigger fool out of himself.
“I would like that, and it's not against anything as far as I know,” Cas said shuffling the papers on his desk making it look like it was no big deal he was going to hang out with Dean.
“You must be Dr. Novak. I am Meg Masters head nurse,” the brunette woman said, holding out her hand for Cas to shake.
Stella tugged on Dean's hand to get him to show her around to all the new toys. Dean smiled and walked over to the stuffed animals that he knew she would love.
Dean shrugged off his flannel lifted shirt sleeve revealing a large branded handprint on his bicep. Harper pulled up the sleeve of her jacket, revealing the brand on her wrist.
Jimmy sighed, placing his fork down, "I did, she's having a hard time letting go," he replied, taking a sip of his drink.
"Stella, got a dog to help her when she is out, so we don't lose her again if she wanders off," Jimmy said, smiling.
“Sammy, I love, but you know how I feel about my scar,” she mumbled under her breath, keeping her head down. Sam sighed in defeat and handed her the phone while telling her to stay put. He was going to get an ace bandage from the bathroom. Clover nodded as she unlocked her phone, checking all the missed messages from her internet friends.
“Yes, I'm sorry about that, some people. Special people can see my true visage,” Castiel replied, looking a bit sheepish.
“Told ya,” Meg said going to Marv and leading him away from all of the commotion to get him cleaned up.
Dean couldn't help but watch the way Castiel's muscles ripple as he walked away. That perfectly round plump ass that Dean wanted to squeeze and smack it. He let his imagination run wild, wondering if the bot’s cheeks would turn red while waiting for Cas to come back. Dean was hard as a rock even though he knew the bot would pick up on it. He tried and failed to think of something, anything else.
Cas grabbed a bottle of water out of the fridge, drinking it down at the soft brush of fur that ran against the inside of his skin. He was hoping the feeling would go away at some point that it was all in his head. There was nothing there. He was sure of it. If he cut open the skin, there would be nothing but bone, blood, and muscle tissue that was it. He finished the bottle of water before heading back to the living room. His other brothers must have been in the backyard with his mother and brother in the front room.
‘Come sit,” Cas said pointing to the chairs when Ivy let go of Dean and looked at him, “Tell me who sent this. Do you know?”
“No more restraining her this is, this I….. I have seen this in abuse victims” Cas said shaking his head placing the pen and paper on the desk. The thought that someone abused Ivy this bad made his stomach turn he wondered how many times she attempted to tell people what happened and no listened. The file only stated she tried to slit her wrist but not why she did it in the first place.
Dean shook his head saying it was nothing just a little too much to drink and really needed to get a move on getting new parts ordered, Bobby nodded reminding Dean that if he wanted to talk he was there for him.
Cas chasing after them yell to be careful, he would help them, they didn't listen climbing onto the swings themselves and laughing. Jimmy smiled, watching Stella. He was kicking himself for not ending things with Anna long before he found Stella and for what happened the night before he figured a few gifts should set things right between them.
Dean nodded, saying since a lot of the fairies who worked in the castle had some garden fairy in them, they just grow; they never stop even when it snowed. Cas nodded in awe of the beautiful smiling as the bees and other insects buzzed around. It was everything he had ever dreamed in his garden if his parents let him plant all the flowers he wanted. Cas was so excited he started naming off all the flowers he saw running around trying to see everything. Dean laughed, telling him he could see everything they had time.
The screen went black, prompting those who wanted to stick around and see more of the show to enter their credit information. He sighed and hit enter, making sure he added in a tip.
Cas sighed, asking if she knew what happened with Gabes the last relationship; Blue nodded, still looking a bit confused before she realized what she said, “Oh, I didn't mean it like that; he is just a friend,” Blue said rushing out of the room with the seamstress and Millie hot on her heels yelling for her not to shift in the dress it wouldn't change with her.
Jimmy walked back down to Ivy’s room. She did warn him that he could get hurt, but how the hell did he know about Jimmy's addiction? This place had to be bugged; Ivy was still asleep; he slipped back into bed with her.
Dean sighed and got into his bed, maybe this was all a bad dream, and when he woke up, Cas would be gone? And he could go on the virtual playdate he paid for because this was not happening. His eyes snapped open when he felt the bed dip next to him. He turned over to find a face full of those beautiful blue eyes staring at him.
”Sh, sh, I got you, I'm not going to hurt you. A nice warm bath will make you feel better, and when that rash is gone, we can add bubbles, ” Jimmy said with a smile.
“It can't be that bad” Cas said taking a bite, he made a face. It was terrible dry and tasteless he spit it out into his napkin, take a sip of water to wash the taste out of his mouth. He would need to remember to talk to someone about changing the food.
Carrying her to the nursery, he laid her down on the table, Cas had set up all her medicines and cream within reach for Jimmy. He grabbed a diaper had Stella lift her butt so he could lay it under her gently spreading the cream on all over, making Stella whimper a bit.
Cas helped Dean get undressed and removed his diaper; the doctor shook his head at the rash. Lifting Dean's testicles, saying if Cas wanted to have them removed he could, it would keep Dean small. Cas said he would think about it. After the doctor finished measuring and taking notes, he called Stella over.
“Where is it?” the woman asked, with a bit of attitude. Like they were somehow annoying her by standing in the doorway.
“Wait. What? Why? We didn't do anything to you,” Dean replied they were new they hadn’t been there for more than an hour.
“Do you know why? What happened to her that she would change when restrained?’ Cas asked looking over the file on his desk.
Ivy nodded very enthusiastically. She still had the paper and pen Cas had given her, writing furiously before holding it up.
Harper took a deep breath as she looked over the field as the sunset-colored the sky a beautiful shade of orange and purple. She had been back for a month. She didn't know why or how she could not find her younger brother every time she got a lock on him, he would leave town. It was like something was keeping them apart. Harper looked at the bottle of whiskey in one hand and the pistol in the other, unsure of what she would do without her family.
“No, no way,” Jimmy said. He went to reach for her hand, she allowed it was lacing their fingers together, “How old?” he asked looking at their fingers interlocked, he looked at Ivy when she didn't answer right away.
Alfie didn't agree as he left, reminding Cas that he would hurry back to help him if he needed anything. Cas nodded in agreement while shutting the door in the boys' face. Castiel lowered himself onto the couch, closing his eyes clearing his mind trying to remember what happened a few days earlier.
“You can use my office,” Cas offered the words out of his mouth before his brain caught up with what he was saying. Meg looked at him like he was crazy, shaking her head and attempting to hide her smile, moving away from the two men she knew that look. Everyone was smitten with the Winchester twins. She didn't blame them, both beautiful green eyes and great personalities. Dean was always there for his sister so she could see the appeal.
The Omega turned his ass to the camera, rubbing and giving it a slight slap making it jiggle a bit. It made the Alpha groan low in his throat. He wanted to be the one making that perfect ass red.
“Thank you,” Cas replied but also wondering if there was a reason she was in his office, “Is there a reason you are in here?’
“Dean if you wanna talk about anything you can call me, on my cell or office phone anytime. I'm here,” Cas said, he wondered if Dean had anyone he could lean on in his time of need.
Cas looked confused he had no idea what they were talking about, but they seemed to who worked things out, Stella pointed to the new toy car sitting on the stair next to Cas. Dean smiled, setting the puppy down on the ground it whined.
It was the talk of the town; everyone knew that people would drop their unwanted children outside of the fence, but what the city didn't know was what kind of children resided inside the building. After all, monsters, Demons, and everything in between needed a place for their orphans and unwanted children.
Dean went on about she wasn't going to anything, and there was nothing that the Angel could do; he stood Harper and Sam followed. Dean tossed some money on the table, telling her it was for the pie as they walked out.
“Sometimes the other patients like to go to Ivy cuz she doesn't talk, it's peaceful but Ash he kept bugging her about the box. Well Marv got up set and attacked Ash,” Jo answered Dean's question.
Dean looked over Castiel's shoulder at Jimmy, who was carrying a very curious Stella; he nodded at Dean.
“Ok, but did you bring my phone?” Clover inquired, not really caring that she had to stay off of her ankle or the fact that she was hurt.
Stella sniffed the air excitement, and then concern flashed across her face, Dean was in the room and didn't say anything to her, she got up patted her leg for the puppy to follow and went to find Dean. Jimmy followed, wondering what was going on.
Ivy nodded and took her seat by the window and waited for Dean to come back like she always did. It was past dinner. By the time Dean got to the facility, he rushed through the double doors only to be greeted by the red-headed night nurse with a bad attitude towards him.
“Ruby and she is perfect,” Sam answered dreamily. “I met her at the coffee shop on campus. She smiled at me and tucked her hair behind her ear,” he smiled as he continued to tell them all about the new girl in his life. Clover grinned at his brother’s smitten look, asking more questions about her and who the guy the picture was holding her hand. Sam frowned, saying it was her boyfriend, but he was a jerk to her. Always treating her like dirt.
Dean left and headed up the hall to hit sisters room, she was sitting cross-legged on the bed running her hands over the silk bonds.
Cas rubbed his face looking out the window, “I killed her, it was my fault,” he said as he continued to stare out the window, “It was right before school started, we got into a fight,” he shook his head and scoffed, “I don't remember what it was about, I stormed out of the house, she came looking for me walking in the dark along the road,” he swallowed the lump forming in his throat. “I saw it happen the truck was swerving all over the road, I tried to yell for her to watch out but.. I- I couldn't get the words out in time, she was smiling as me as the,” he could continue it was too much the memory was too painful.
“You can not hit people, even if they are bothering you,” Cas relied calmly looking at Ivy. he wanted to be mad he should have been angry at her but the innocence in her eyes made it hard.
Benny smiled wide at her, “That's right, I'm sorry it's been a while since I came to visit,” he said handing her flowers. Ivy smiled taking them looking at all the pretty colors, she reached for the pad and paper scribbling down a note,“You are forgiven.”
Cas scoffed and left the room, heading up to his bedroom to think about what the hell was going on. There was no way this was legal. They were barely old enough to vote, and they couldn't drink. Part of Cas wondered if John was just trying to get rid of his children. He flopped back on the bed once inside the room, throwing his arm over his face trying to figure out what the hell he was going to do. A light knock on the door pulled him from his thoughts; he yelled to come in, assuming it would be Willow checking on him. He was surprised to see Dean.
“Told ya best friends” Dean said with tears in his eyes it had been years since she had said his name he was a bit overwhelmed.
“I'll be there in a minute,” Dean replied, giving his sister a smile and nodded his head before parking the woman in her spot.
Cas looked at Dean in confusion; how they could talk so freely about Clover murdering someone was beyond him. He was also confused by how sweet she seemed, and under all that was a cold-hearted killer who wouldn't hesitate to hurt anyone who hurt her family. Dean shrugged, they were a little messed up, but they were a family nonetheless.
Harper sat down, her legs dangling from the ledge, remembering one of the many times their mother had dropped them off at Karen's while she went on a hunt, the three siblings would head out on adventures pretending to kill the things their mother told them about having no clue exactly how playing would turn into fruition. She and Sam would race to the top while Dean stayed at the bottom, yelling that they would get themselves killed if they didn't get down. She smiled, thinking about how easy it was when their mom wasn't around; they knew what to take care of Sam. It was simple, but now Harper didn't know where she fit, was she a hunter, was she a good sister unable to help either one of her brothers Dean stuck in Heaven being tortured, Sam off doing God knows what. She took another swig as the sky turned dark blue and the stars began to twinkle; Harper smiled, thinking about when she was a child looking up at the stars thinking the Demons who lived up in the sky watched over them at they were protected, she stopped believing the day she brought a dead animal back to life just by touching it. Her mother got angry, yelling that she was a weirdo and never did anything like that again. If Harper could help it, all she did was touch it.
Becky took Bela and Dean to the time out corner telling them they had to sit for five minutes, and if they couldn't get along, it would be longer. Benny took half of the bear that Dean had handed it to Stella. She sniffed, and tears filled her eyes she ran to the corner and sat down, holding the pieces close.
Dean and Harper looked at each other. They weren't sure what to say. Their whole lives, Demons were the good guys, the ones who guided humans, Angels were the assholes possessing people tricking them into doing their dirty work.
Dean and Cas shook their heads in unison. Dean answered by saying they were hanging out in the sun, talking about future plans. Rowena nodded and examined her handy work as Wren grabbed the box she kept the injured birds in until they either died or got better.
Jimmy grabbed a towel wrapping it around Stella, she smiled and ran her hand over it, pulling it off.
“You're possessing him?” Harper asked the question was almost a statement. The disbelief in her voice was clear.
Stella was trying to get a piece of sandwich in her mouth and kept dropping it. Her fine motor skills weren't that great. She gave up and looked at Jimmy and then down at her dress jelly was on the front of it she tried to cover it with her hand.
“Ivy, darlin time to wake up” Benny said hiding a bouquet of flowers, she groaned, “Come on little sister, let me see them pretty green eyes.”
“I can fix that for you, if you would like,” Clover spoke nonchalantly while handing Sam his phone. Sam made a face. He took his phone back, telling her not yet. He needed to figure out how to get her on his side before removing the boyfriend from the picture.
He was wearing an oversized sweater and thigh highs. His green-eyes wide with amusement, “Professor?” Dean asked in a teasing voice, getting up off the bed and walking over to the Alpha.
“Geez, Cas, don't you have something else to do?” Dean snapped again. He sighed when Cas didn't answer. He honestly looked like he was thinking.
“It's all new to me, and now I'm meeting kings and queens, royalty,” Cas shook his head, covering a smile, “It's amazing and overwhelming. This place is beautiful and…” he gushed as they walked up to the doors he was so deep in his thoughts and talking he did even notice they were already at their room.
Elle looked at Stella and then Jimmy, ”I'll tell you later, ” he said, getting a bottle from the cabinet and pouring the milk into it; Stella made grabby hands when she saw it, Jimmy handed it so her she sighed intently drink down her milk.
When Jimmy finished changing and fixing her dress, he carried Stella down the stairs and into the living room.
The vibration stopped as Dean got up from the bed and headed into the bathroom, he quickly closed the door before Castiel could join him. He laughed to himself at his situation. Thinking about how now that he had a bot that he doesn't know if it's right to take advantage of it. It's not like the thing can say no. The item was built specifically for Dean. He turned the shower on as he began stripping his clothes, hoping that the hot water would clear his mind and see this whole thing from a different perspective. He, after all, could find other reasons to keep the bot around.
She shook her head and pointed to what she wrote, “Ok” he said letting her leave with her stuff and the paper and pen.
“I'm so glad you are ok. I was so worried; we haven't heard from you in two days,” Alfie informed Cas walking further into the apartment, before turning to look at the older man.
“I never gave that order,” Cas replied annoyance in his voice. He worked in a few other hospitals. It was only on doctors orders were patients taken to their room.
Stella shook her head and sniffed, Jimmy sighed, “sweetheart I promise you aren’t in any trouble, I can fix the bear,” Jimmy said, waving for her to come out.
“I don't know but she did write some stuff down for the new doc,” Dean said smiling, it was a ste in getting Ivy home.
Cole just laughed and walked over to where Bela was showing her his prize. Cole turned and held up the bear, teasing Dean with it.
Dean smirked before taking a sip of his drink. Cas looked at him, not too sure what to think. So far, he liked the sister, ‘she would be good for Jimmy,’ he thought to himself. Cas took a seat at the table, across from his twin, and looking around at the rest of his family, they were dressed in their best clothes. Staring at him, John sighed at his daughter’s statement before turning to Chuck to talk about things that didn't interest Cas.
“Dean, can you tell me what happened?” Jimmy asked, running a soothing hand up and down Stellas back, feeling her vertebrae.
They both nodded and knelt before their Omegas, they told them they would be right upstairs, and if anything happened, Becky would call them, they would come to eat lunch with them later. Dean nodded and hugged Cas Stella mirrored what Dean did Jimmy was sure she didn’t fully understand, but she didn't like the way it was making her feel tears filled her eyes as Jimmy squeezed her tight. Jimmy told her not to cry. He would be back for her at lunch. Stella sniffed and nodded, understanding that he might come back. Once they had said their goodbyes, Jimmy told Becky about Stellas rash, and the cream was in the bag.
“Yes, she does. I hear her,” Marv pleaded. He liked Ivy. She was always kind to him, especially when he first got there and didn't know that the window seat was where she waited for her brother, it had the best view of the parking lot.
“It's ok,” Cas said, looking up at Sam, “I guess I could stay,” the words were out of his mouth before he even knew what he was saying, his heart and his head waring at the moment but so see the look of excitement on Dean's face was worth the internal torment.
Stella moved the water around with her foot it was warm she liked it, they bathed with cold water, she plopped down, making the water splash all over she looked up at Jimmy who was grinning. Stella played with the water swirling her hand around. She giggled and then slapped the water with her hand splashing Jimmy.
Dean nodded, “Looks like it,” he replied. Cas squinted at the guy, unsure of how to take that tone. It wasn’t mocking or condescending. Reluctance?
“Look, I know you aren't happy about what's going on, neither am I. Willow is only happy because she gets to stay with me, but I'm not a pitten,” Dean said, standing his ground.
“I wasn't laughing at him, Daddy. I was laughing at what Jimmy said,” Willow replied with an eye roll. “I think he looks cool. Did it hurt to get your wing pierced? I have a friend who wants to get it done, but she's not sure.”
Meg nodded and left smiling saying Dean should be in soon and it was almost time for dinner. About twenty minutes later Dean came in with another man, tall burly guy, scruffy with blue eyes
“You should have told me,” Cas whispered as he pinned the Omegas hands above his head with one hand, “we could have done this sooner.”
Cas nodded and sat down at the table they had to go to work the following day they would take their babies and figure everything else out, Cas called their dad to see if the family doctor would come to the house to check on twins.
I am attempting to edit all the chapters I am aware of all the mistakes in this story. Thank you for all the feedback.
“I'm sure Dom will love it,” Gabe snapped as he came around from the back of the mirrors in his everyday close, leaving the room.
“We can ask them maybe they like it, and something happened, Benny is in there, and his always nice to the others,” Jimmy replied, hoping for the best.
Cas tilted his head to the side like he was trying to figure out what Dean was talking about, “I don't understand,” he said after a few moments of thinking.
Dean was excited to spend the day with Cas alone. They were going to the museum but not the annoying kind of museum, a car museum and Dean loved cars.
Harper didn't know what to say or if she should say anything at all they knew the consequences of selling their souls to the Angel; they never expected to be saved; she looked up at her brother his face said it all the Demon was right. He never felt like he should have beeen saved, he failed at keeping Sam safe it was his punishment.
“That's fine I'll check on her,” Cas said walking away to his office he dropped off his briefcase and headed down the hall he ran into Ash.
Sam was walking out of the bathroom; his hair wet from the shower, when he stopped and spotted Dean and Harper; they smiled, saying hey as they walked into the room.
“Ok, I promise,” Cas agreed, reaching out for her. Clover stepped closer and grabbed his arm to pull him into a tight hug.
It was a long class, and he could smell the Omega scent the entire time, it was more substantial than usual, it was almost time for his heat.
Elle was heading out as they were heading in, giving them the rundown of everything and that she would be back late.
“Salem took down a buck the other day, loves hunting,” Benny said before taking a giant bite of food.
They got into the Impala, driving back to the motel; Harper took off, saying she would be back in a few hours and she had something she needed to do before heading up to the room. Dean questioned her, but Sam told him to let her go to what she needed to do. He finally gave in, letting Harper go but telling her to be careful.
“I know you do, I promise we work together and you will be able to visit him outside,” Cas said looking at Dean.
Dean walked around a few feet in front of Cas, pointing to the cars he knew and asked Cas to read about the ones he didn't; they been walking around for two hours when Dean took off running Cas tailing behind him trying to see where he was going when Dean stopped.
Jimmy and Stella knocked on the door, letting them know it was lunch and that food would arrive in a few minutes.
Cas purred with contentment as he rolled over in the bed. The sun was warm coming through the crack in the curtains. He opened his eyes when he felt the body next to him stir, sitting up, he looked around. This was not his apartment. He threw his legs over the side of the bed, grabbing his clothes, at least the ones he could find, pulling them on quickly while making sure he had all of his belongings. After making sure he had everything, he hurried out the door before his latest hookup woke up.
“Not really, what happened?” Cas inquired, spotting what Dean was doing as he made himself a cup of joe. Clover explained again, while distracted by what Sam was doing on his phone, how she fell, but she was fine now. Sam smiled a bit as he scrolled, which made Clover raise a brow.
It looked like the date he had made the night before: same messy ebony hair, the suit, and trench coat. Part of Dean wanted to know if it had the same blue eyes that he had picked out. Now all he had to do was figure out how to turn it on. He noticed a tag hanging around the robot’s neck, he slowly reached out for the paper, scared it was going to turn on and grab his arm. He quickly grabbed it and pulled his arm back close to his body for safety. He breathed a sigh of relief when he got no reaction.
Ivy smiled and made a heart with her hands, letting Dean know he was forgiven for being late, especially since he brought her their favorite food.
“I thought you said you weren't big on tradition?” Cas said as he changed into the shirt one of the seamstresses handed him.
Dean didn't know what to say, from what he had heard, sexbots didn't have feelings. They performed according to their programming. What was up with this one then? Why was it questioning him on what he wanted?
“That's the guest bathroom,” Dean said, pointing to the door on the right, “Through there is Salem’s room,” he pointed to the door with an “S” on it not too far from the bathroom. Dean continued to show Cas the other three rooms, one of which was a game room they used when it started to get too cold to play poker on the deck or if it rained. “This is my room,” Dean said as he finished the tour.
The warm water felt amazing against his skin. The chills that had set deep down to the bone seemed to be melting away. He gasped in pain when the water hit the open wound. He looked down at his calf, watching the water wash out the dried blood and dirt. It was nasty looking; the flesh was torn clean down to the muscle; he hated the thought of having to go to the hospital to get it checked out. The fever subsided for the remainder of the shower. He was happy, thinking that the hot water helped. He was wrong; his stomach turned as he accidentally swallowed a bit of water, giving up due to his leg pain.
Cas told Dean to climb in with his sister but don't wake her and take a little rest; Dean did as he climbed in without protest, Stella stirred, scooting closer to Dean.
“What did I do?” Blue asked, looking around; the hurt and confusion in her voice made Cas’s heart hurt.
“Where is what?” Dean asked, confused looking at Karen and Harper, before turning his attention back to the brunette
“Sweetheart, what is it?” Jimmy asked, he knew she could tell him, but if she could point or something, he could make it better.
Cas sat at his desk and didn’t say anything covering his face with his hands dragging them down he covered his mouth, he didn't know what to say. This was the first time he had to deal with something like this and who would he talk to? Who could he trust other than Dean? Did the staff know and not say anything? Where they in on it?
He groaned as he rolled over the blanched away at the scent of old throw-up. Opening his eyes and blinking a few times, he realized he was on the bathroom floor, the tile warm; he had been lying in the same spot for a while. Carefully pulling himself up off the floor stiff from being in the same position, he finally got up, his bladder screaming at him. He sighed at the relief. He was a bit surprised that he was naked. His leg only had a dull ache to it now, not the searing hot pain it had the first time he woke up. When he finished, he sat down on the tub's edge to take a closer look at his leg, the skin a light pink leaving behind visible teeth marks.
Dean patted Cas on the shoulder, leading him over to the table where he took Salem's seat, “I don't know how to play,” Cas said, leaning over whispering to Dean.
Dean laughed, and it was music to his ears. He explained that Cas wasn't as careful as he thought, one of the videos at the end showed his face. Cas shook his head and asked why he never said anything.
“Um, Castiel?” Willow’s voice asked from behind him, startling him slightly before glancing over his shoulder to acknowledge the girl
“Who the fuck are you?” Harper growled cocking her gun, attempting to keep herself from shaking; there was no way in Heaven that the figure who made their way up the ladder was the person she thought it was.
“This is too much. I can't eat all of this,” Cas said, looking down at the amount of food Dean was giving him.
“I'll text Sammy. Have him bring your phone,” Dean said to fill the silence, turning fully towards Clover and made his way over to her. “But first, you have to apologize.”
A few hours later, Karen offered up physic that she knew lived a few hours away, Pamela Barns. She got up, saying she would be back leaving the room, Dean stood up, and Sammy stopped him, “Hey, wait, you might want this back,” Sam said, pulling Dean's necklace over his head and handing it to him.
Wren huffed under her breath and followed suit, trying to ignore the strange feeling she was getting. As they headed into the building, they stopped just short of the entrance, their reflections showing their skeletal sides. Someone was close to Death. Luckily for them, the home they worked at was a nursing home for aging monsters. Someone passing within the building wasn’t exactly new to them.
Gabriel was a bit taken back by his brother's response; usually, he nods and laughs it off. Cas wasn't going to take their shit tonight. Getting more annoyed, he had to cancel on Dean.
“Marv, I have told you to leave Ivy alone. She doesn't need you telling stories about her,” Meg said in a stern voice. It wasn't new for Marv to make up things about Ivy. They all knew she occasionally called out in her sleep, but that was not the same as talking.
Becky came over to see what they were fighting about when the bear ripped, causing them both to fall. Stella grabbed Dean, making sure he was ok.
“Nothing to see, go back to what y’all were doing,” Benny said, waving his hand in the air to get them to continue on about their business. “I'm bringing you real food next time, how's a bacon cheeseburger sound?”
After dessert, they all went to the den while the babies played on the floor, the "grown-ups talked about work and boring things" as Dean called it, but Sam wanted to know more about what Cas and Jimmy did for a living. Once Stella bugged Sam enough to color with her, he stopped asking questions.
As they got closer to the kitchen, they heard a commotion, and two small foxes, one a deep purple and the other blue, came rushing out of the open door with two staff yelling.
Dean ignored Cas as he put the groceries away; he still wasn't sure what to say. He too felt the bond and a pull when it came to Cas, but now that Clover tried to kill him... well, that may put a wrench in things for the two of them. Dean decided after that that he won't bring up what actually happened to his last few relationships, even though the bastards had it coming.
“What happened? Is she ok? Do I need to come back? I can come back,” Dean questioned,, tuning back towards the door.
Cas sat back, letting them work it out; he wasn't going to say anything unless it escalated, but even then, it wasn't that bad.
She nodded “promise,” Ivy wrote smiling. She was going to work on telling Cas what happened ot her but she was terrified they would do something to Dean.
Becky leads the twins over to two other babies that were there one a girl, dark brown hair, and blue eyes. Becky said her name was Bela, and the other was a boy named Cole.
”Ok, I am going to take your temperature, ” he said, holding up the thermometer that goes in the ear.
“We will talk when you wake up,” Cas said, kissing Dean one more time before covering him with a blanket before heading to the bathroom.
Cas picked up his phone and started to dial Dean's number and then hung up. He needed to figure out a way to break the news to him first.
“That was amazing, I didn't think she would be able to talk about all these years of silence,” Cas responded still in shock that Ivy said not one but two names.
Jimmy smiled down at Stella who made a grumpy face at him, he kissed her face making her laugh a bit, but she was still mad folding her arms she had a hard time hiding her smile.
She nodded and pointed to the door. Jimmy noticed she was looking like a small child with the thumb and pointer finger out.
Karen yelled up, asking what was taking so long if they were coming down; Harper looked down at the woman they thought of as a mother. She brought this man here claiming to be her twin; she knew Karen would have put him through all the test. Harper sighed, putting her gun down pushing past the man she was sure was an imposter heading down the ladder.
Cas shook his head; how was he going to explain that it is taking every ounce of strength not to rip his brother's throat out and then not go back to the house and do the same to the rest of the family, “It's nothing, I'm tired of being treated like the family freak because I'm not like you or Michael. I like my job, I like being outside,” he said looking his brother in the eye.
Cas strapped Dean into one of the seats. Dean didn't complain he liked being taken care of; this was the first time in a very long time someone was kind to them. Jimmy sat Stella in the seat, next Dean, she grabbed his hand and smiled happily.
”She knows what she wants, ” Cas said, turning his attention back to Dean, who was setting his blocks up.
“Thanks,” Dean said a little breathlessly, taking the beer from Castiel and taking a sip since the bot had already opened it.
“Ivy is having a hard night; she's missing Dean tonight,” Anna said, looking at Ivy. she had worked there long enough to know the differences in the girl's moods between the times she had a nightmare and now when she just missed her brother.
Cas sighed, wiping his eyes, getting up. He opened the door and walked away, figuring Gabriel wasn't going to take no for an answer; he headed into his kitchen, grabbing water from the fridge.
As they walked to the door, they could see through the Glass Dean was trying to comfort Stella while Benny sat off to the side, looking like he didn’t know what to do to help.
His hole was tight and warm, the amount of slick Dean was producing made it easy for Cas to slide in and out with ease. This was better than what he pictured. His fantasies were nothing compared the way Dean responded, begging Cas to go faster.
Jimmy carried Stella off to the other room she didn't put up a fight, Stella figured she would wait until he set her down.
Dean scooted his chair back before he stood grabbing his and Cas’ plate taking them through the barroom doors into what Cas assumed was the kitchen; he got up and followed Dean. He was taken back by the size of the kitchen. It was smaller than he thought it would be; a small dining room table sat off to the side. He figured that's probably where they ate when it was just the three siblings. He noted the wolf's head in the stained glass in the nook window by the table.
“Alright, my boy, all I need to know is if you know what type of fairy you are and if you plan to stay?” Henry said, walking around the large table with a few scrolls, an inkwell, and a quill. He unrolled the scroll before dipping his quill into the ink.
Dean rubbed his face; this was bad, so bad for Blue. If Henry knows, then he's going to keep his sister as far away from John as possible, “I guess the town tour is going to have to wait,” Dean said, climbing out of bed.
Dean nodded and took Cas's hand as they walked to the gift shop. Dean spotted and model of the Impala asking Cas if he could get it, Cas said if he was sure, that's what Dean wanted, then Dean could get it or anything he wanted.
On the way home, Cas stopped at a fast-food place for them to eat, remembering that Elle had the night off to visit her son.
Stella sighed and walked over to Dean kneeling she pulled him into a hug, pulled away she pointed to him and then herself, “I love you too,” Dean said, wiping his eyes.
“Now he won't leave her alone. We all know she talks in her sleep we don't push she shuts down more.” Meg sighed and scratched her eyebrow. “The nurses and most of the orderly’s we love her ya know. She's been here a long time keeps to herself," she added.
Jimmy's phone rang; he turned to answer the call. He was buried in conversation when Cas asked where Stella was looking around. They all started shouting her name Dean spotted her.
Harper started laughing when Dean told Sam he was not invited. She helped Pamela set up getting the chairs for her. Anything to keep busy. They sat around the table, the curtains drawn, making the only light in the room coming from the candles.
She smiled last time Dean bought her dessert. Ash took it and ate it. Ivy was so upset she would get out of bed after all Dean bought it for her, not him.
He worked the pant leg up, wincing as the rough fabric scraped against his skin. He let out a gasp looking down at the gaping wound in his calf; he was sure if he tried, he could fit his finger in one of the holes. He racked his brain; what the hell could leave a bite mark that deep. There were no known predators in the country, and all of the dogs were of average size. He carefully stood, attempting not to put any weight on his leg as it throbbed. Searing hot pain deep down in the wound that made his stomach churn, he moved slowly, not wanting to make the limb annoyed anymore than it already was. Eventually, he made it to the doorframe holding on catching his breath. Now he was sweating. The chills were gone, his body too hot, his skin felt wrong, too constricting. He wanted it off; it was a strange feeling not to want to be in your skin.
Cas was still thinking about all the family photos they had lining the walls. He wished his family had that instead of the tacky art his mother loved so much. A bit of jealousy ran through Cas only because it seemed like Dean and his family were close how he wished his family was. Dean's bedroom was vast, a large bed in the middle, much too large for one person. The walls mostly bare a few things here and there a large car poster in a frame tucked in the corner of the room; he made he was over releasing it was a blown-up photograph of Dean's car.
Jimmy sighed and kissed his baby. It was such bull shit the way they were taken care of, especially Stella.
It was a rough morning getting the babies ready for the day. Stellas medicine made her feel sick, which she indicated by rubbing her tummy; Jimmy said she needed it but would wait till they got home checking her temperature the fever was gone. Jimmy packed the diaper bags making sure there were bottles, wipes, and Stella cream before helping Stella down first, going back up and getting Dean.
“I dunno disappeared one day never came back,” Dean said, shrugging handing a teddy bear to his sister.
“He thinks he is the scribe of God,” Meg said, a small chuckle in her voice. She liked all the patients but being the scribe of God always made her smile, “He likes stories; he doesn't care what they care about, so that may help.”
Dean left, shaking his head to himself. He stopped when he heard Meg's voice call out to him. He waved as she approached him, asking about him and Cas, wondering if there was anything he would like to share with her or something she should know about, especially if it would affect Ivy. Dean shook his head, letting Meg know that she had nothing to worry about as he got on to the elevator.
Stella whimpered when the metal made a loud clunk when it hit the top of the cage Dean wrapped his arm around her telling her it was going to be ok they would have a new home soon, and she should sleep, she nodded and laid down curling close to Dean.
“What the fuck? Harper!” Sam exclaimed, trying to get out of the car before Dean pulled out of the space, but he had already started moving.
Dean shot daggers towards his sister. Cas raised an eyebrow in question, grabbing a few flowers off the platter and popping one in his mouth while waiting for Dean to say something. “Shut up! Just because you are happy about your arrangement doesn’t mean I have to be,” he snapped out, tossing his napkin onto the table before getting up and storming out of the room.
"Well, she's mad cuz you kissed the maid. Stella thinks you don't want her," Dean said, looking back at Jimmy.
“Hey, sweetheart, what's up?” Cas asked, turning and looking at her when he noticed her nervous stature.
Cas sighed, looking at his brother, “Talk to her, find out before you start overthinking,” he said, looking up when one of the fairies place a spread of food on the table for them to eat.
“Cas, I'm not going to send you back, I promise,” Dean said, after hearing a touch of sadness in the bot’s voice.
“Roy didn't know she could have the pen you gave her, she told him look,” Anna said handing him the papers.
Ivy frowned, “Come on, Jimmy, bye, Dean love,” she said, running off. Jimmy right behind her, waving bye to Dean.
Dean walked past the desk to head down the hall to Jack Montgomery's room, an old rugaru who had been asking every other day when it was ‘his time to die.’ He spent his whole life fighting what he was and now was happy that his suffering would end soon.
“What?’ Dean yelled, the ringing in his ears, making it hard to hear what his sister was trying to say to him.
Stella shook her head and sucked hard in her pacifier. What if her dad got mad, and she got a spanking for the bear, and he never let her have another one?
Dean sighed under his breath, saying that this was his point. That Castiel wouldn't say no because he was programmed to always say yes. Castiel still was confused by Dean, but the bot didn't argue. He simply let the human feel the way he wanted. He followed him into the living room, Dean noticed the box was gone. Castiel stated he had moved it into the closet for storage, just in case Dean wanted to send him back to the factory for dismantling.
Ivy walked back down the hall with Roy she was different she barely looked up when she stopped in front of Dean as he talked to her. She didn't even get upset when he said he was leaving she just walked away and took her seat by the window. Dean looked a bit sad, he blamed himself, if he had gotten up on time he would have been here to stop what happened.
Dean whimpered a bit when Cas told him to move, a small chuck and some reassurance that they were far from done. He moved onto all fours waiting patiently for Cas to get undressed. He could hear the rustling of fabric as he closed his eyes. The scent of the laundry soap filled his nose as he relaxed; the coolness of the lube was refreshing as his body started to heat up with lust. He wiggled his butt, enticing Cas to hurry up.
“Can I come in? I have a shift, and I need to get ready,” Wren’s voice questioned, a welcoming disruption on Cas’ part as she cracked open the door.
Stella laid down and looked around while Jimmy peeled the diaper off, ”oh my goodness! Cassie, look at this! She's got a horrible rash. It looks infected, ” Jimmy said, tapping Stella so she would lift her hips.
“Nah man she's in a psychiatric facility, she tried to kill herself when we were kids,” Dean said grabbing the towel and started wiping down the counter. He didn't look at Gordon it wasn't often he told people about his personal problems but he also didn't want people to think badly of his sister.
He wanted to want more with Ivy he did, but he knew he couldn’t. She wouldn't let him get too close. Ivy's head on his shoulder and a little cuddling here and there was all she gave him, but it was enough. Jimmy wasn't going to push. He would wait until she told him to fuck off or welcomed him with open arms.
“No, because judging from the amount of flop sweat, you don't know who pulled us out, and you are just as scared,” Dean said. He then leaned over and slapped the waitress.
”Sorry, would you like us to carry them in?” the man asked, looking a bit sheepish for being so rough.
When Jimmy woke up the next morning, Stella was not in bed, where he put her when they got home from dinner. Panic set in as Jimmy jumped from the bed, running down the stairs.
Tears sprang from her eyes, Jimmy apologized, and he was sorry it hurt but they needed to make sure she didn't get sick.
“I don't want you to go,” Cas mumbled sadly, eyes looking anywhere but at Dean as he slowly moved to sit up.
Sam sat down on the bed to pull on his shoes; everyone was quiet as Dean grabbed a few beers out of the fridge and handed one to each of them.
Dean was surprised at how cheap it was to sign up, and even better, he got to custom pick his date. He was always attracted to men and women, so he opted for a man as his virtual date. It seemed simple enough, building the person, Dean took a deep breath as the options for hair color popped up. He scrolled through, choosing ebony without thinking and moving on to the eye color. Dean wasn't sure about what would be the right color in the list of premade ones. Luckily he saw the custom icon and clicked on it. When the man was finally satisfied with the shade of blue Dean wanted, he moved on to all the other things he wanted. He did find it strange why a virtual date would need self-lubrication and a vibrating option, but Dean thought what the hell couldn't hurt.
Dean was super excited to see all the cars and learn about them so more. On the website, they list the things the "babies" like, so their Mommies and Daddies have an idea of what to buy before their babies got to their new homes.
Cas rolled over and met Dean's green eyes while saying they were almost eighteen. He should at least have had a hint of what his gift should have been. It was always a worry of Cas’s that he would never figure out what he was or that he wouldn't be accepted by Dean if he did end up being ‘normal.’ Despite what the man said countless times how it didn’t matter to him either way.
They finally pulled up to the building going in through the underground garage. Stella ducked her head when she saw the sign for the height of trucks allowed through Cas laughed a bit tell Stella she didn't need to dip they weren't going to hit their heads.  Jimmy parked in the spot reserved for them and turned the car off.
Cas was surprised that the Omega didn't ask for money, he was more than happy to send him another video and ask for one in return. At the same time, he fantasized it was his student.
Harper and Dean moved to help Karen up. As she started to make sure the woman was alright; she asked what happened and where the Demon went? The twins shook their heads, answering in unison not to worry about it; they would figure everything out later they needed to get going. Harper called Sam and told him to meet up at Karen's.
Dean nodded, “I don't like you, but I will go through with this to keep my sister safe,” he said, leaving the room.
“No, dammit Cas, I wouldn't. I promised Ivy that this weekend I would be on my best behavior. I wouldn't ruin it, and where would I get it from? I don't know anyone; no one visits me,” Jimmy said, standing up pacing the office.
“Cas is still sleeping. Please, it's been a long time since we have seen your face in a picture?” Dean requested, glancing down at his watch and smiling. All of the Winchesters were up with the sun, like usual. Dean stood and turned when he heard footsteps behind him. He saw his brother, who was now holding his hand out for the ace bandage. Sam handed it to him and sat down next to Clover.
“Blue, why do I have to wear this?” Cas heard his brother's voice complaining, pulling him from his thoughts.
He focused his attention back to the Omega on the screen who had now turned, so his ass was to the screen, wiggling it back and forth, showing off a small slick stain starting to form. He wanted to know what this boy smelled like, but he replaced the void with the scent of his favorite student, honey mixed with pine, a beautiful scent also distracting. The Alpha reached up in with a bit of bravery to type in a message.
Dom sighed, shaking his head, “Blue should be respected; if she lived with us, no one, and I mean no one, would lay a hand on her,” he bit out, looking at the bruises covering his friend.
Jimmy stood up and removed the tray Stella made a face, but she wasn't going to fight. She didn't like the wet feeling. Jimmy lifted her, placing her on his hip and heading up to the playroom.
