John gapes in shock. “You shammed that whole thing,” he whispers in awe. A trickle of impressed warmth spills in his stomach, filling him up better than any pub brawl could have done.
They slammed together onto the kitchen table, John’s arm barely managing to sweep Sherlock’s equipment out of the way before he landed on top of his flatmate. Sherlock let out the sexiest surprised growl John had ever heard when he smashed their lips together, the vibration traveling straight from Sherlock’s mouth down into John’s pelvis. He caught John around the waist and pulled him closer, practically squeezed the breath right out of John’s lungs. He didn’t mind one bit. Lovely way to go, that.
“Mmm, yes, that’s what I said. Think it was cut with ecstasy. No, I’m sure of it. These coats do feel amazing.” He listed to the side and twisted his arms further into the pile of outerwear. John stared in unabashed curiosity. He’d never actually seen someone on ecstasy, outside of films. It was a bit like watching a cat on catnip. The kid had a certain kind of grace that was mesmerizing.
Mary rolled her eyes. "Would you stop with the romantic bullshit."
“Brilliant… like me?”
"Ta, I'll remember that next time you're begging-"
"No," he lies, "it's fine. I was being silly last night. You were right, I'm sure it's fine." His smile feels saccharine but if Mary notices she doesn't comment.
, so I didn’t. You-” He swallowed hard, looking away. “You told me you loved me, and then you
"Yes, you vain shit. You're the sexiest thing on two legs. You're god's gift to mankind."
John glanced over again. "I suppose. If you like that sort of thing." Tight, closed lipped smile.
“John! No, don’t stop, for the love of god, don’t stop!”
“I suppose. Threw most of it up in the bushes there,” he motioned at the hedges surrounding the front of the building, “where we found him lying face down in it. You can probably skip hospital but that’s your prerogative. If his brother catches wind of this, Sherlock will be hung out to dry.”
“You were babbling in French. Were you not aware?”
Sherlock took a second to process what John referred to, rolling his eyes at John’s attempt to deny the facts. “I believe the lyrics were quite clear.”
“Try me,” Captain Watson answered.
“Yeah, unfortunately. It’s been worse though. Anytime you’ve climbed a fence in front of me in the summer it’s like my brain goes off line and has to reboot.” When a tiny line appears between Sherlock’s brows, John elaborates, “No coat on. You’re bum is just
It was from Lestrade, the only Campus Security guard who allowed Sherlock in on campus business. He was actually a Metro police officer but he supplemented his income with weekend guard duty. His two year beat probation was nearly up and then he’d be promoted to detective. Sherlock was hedging his bets with the man, certain he’d let Sherlock in on cases,
He complied. Though his stomach disagreed, Sherlock’s acid-burnt throat thanked John for the forethought. When he finished half the glass, John helped Sherlock back down.
“Why would it get awkward?” Sherlock asks, all seeming innocence. He waits for John to explain as if the possibility of someone finding him attractive doesn’t even factor. How is that possible? Does the man not own a mirror? Has he lived in a bomb shelter up until now?
Sherlock didn’t respond to either, just pulled the door open and strode from the building, feeling both chilled by the wind and warmed by the influx of adrenaline.
thought
“Well, sure. You’re too lazy to get up from the sofa and just drew what was in front of you,” he quipped with a good-natured chuckle.
"Dunno," he answers. "Thought I might pop off to Baker Street, get the abuse out of the way first."
“We’re going out. Adam Welling is hosting a party at The Serpent’s Coil and we’re going.”
“Hardly,” John snorted. “I know I couldn’t.”
Sherlock’s hips tilted as he sucked in a breath. “I shall endeavor to make that up to you,” he moaned. His hand came up to press against the back of John’s head, pushing against him. John sucked hard, knowingly leaving a dark stain of broken capillaries in his wake. Might as well, since they were writhing like bloody teenagers anyway.
John sighed. “I’m going to have to sweep my bedroom again, aren’t I?”
“I need to speak to you,” Sherlock reiterated, trying desperately to project his need.
“No,” he groaned, frantically smoothing the wrapper straight. “Please, this is not happening.”
Except, previously unnoticed by John, some of his bits weren’t exactly soft, so the impact was doubly shocking.
“Are you close?” He asked desperately.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Sherlock drawled. John longed to tell him how very much like his older brother he sounded.
John chuckled at Sherlock’s blatant curiosity. “I wasn’t. Bill was. Or I should say, Bill was not, since not one of them would cross the threshold until the custodian cleared it all out. They weren’t even used.” He scoffed again at the fragile idiots.
Perhaps if Sherlock had suggested a more sexual relationship first thing? Hooked him in with physical satisfaction, then approached the concept of a more permanent situation?
“Let’s get started,” he suggested, “shall we?”  Sherlock gestured for John’s to bring his bag closer.
Until he glanced at Sherlock.
“Sherlock…” He set his phone down on the coffee table and walked forward but Sherlock mirrored the steps backward. John stopped, his chest aching like he’d been punched in the sternum. Any enjoyment he’d gotten out of proving Sherlock wrong was wiped clean, in its place a shaking terror.
Three stories up to John’s floor and a left down the hall to room three zero four. He walked by the first time, just a quick recon, to gather enough intel that John was still inside. The television was on- Top Gear, a favourite of John’s, according to his Facebook page, but not that of his roommate, one Bill Murray, whose hobbies included women and not much else, as far as Sherlock could tell.
John cracked a smile and wasted no more time. He’d been waiting just as long after all. Sherlock’s body gave a token protest at the intrusion, one the man himself forced to overcome. John, once again, found himself practically holding on for dear life as Sherlock worked himself down the length of his cock. He wrapped one arm around the tense and rocking legs that were thrown over his shoulders and his hand went down to steady his prick until they were finally flush. Sherlock’s groan should have rocked NSY on its foundation.
“John H. Watson.”
The kid hitched his thumb at the tent flap and went back to his phone without looking up.
“My what now?”
“You know what, just shut your fucking mouth. March,” the man snaps and wedges the pistol into Sherlock’s side. “You too,” he addresses John, like John isn’t walking right beside them.
John huffs, looking up at his travel companion in question, hoping for an explanation.
John raises his head, blinks until his eyes focus in the dark once more. “Yeah?”
He’d planned on asking for clarification but before Sherlock could form the words, John started peeling Sherlock’s pants down his body, freeing the trapped erection to the cooler air. Sherlock gasped, shocked, ignoring the sensation of his pants slipping off his feet for the more pressing sensation of his cock slapping his abdomen. How he wanted to take it in hand; instinctively cradle it in his palm and squeeze away the ache.
John’s laugh echoed down the street.
“You’re sure?” He hesitated to leave on that note, but yet again, he’d been backed into an impossible corner.
John giggled down at his phone.
“And here I thought I’d missed the party.”
"Unnnn, fuck," John mumbled, "yeah, like that. Oh, fuck, Sherlock."
A small noise escaped Sherlock’s throat. It was too much, he’d die of this much happiness.
“Deleted?” John asked in obvious confusion.
“Sorry I asked.” John settled more firmly on the bed. It would have been best just to leave but his body didn’t seem ready to cooperate just yet.  And the mystery in front of him was keeping his mind somewhat occupied, so that was a boon.
“Just, um,” he stammered like an idiot, “I was wondering…”
. Something people do when they’re not too busy giving in to the base urge to procreate.” Sherlock’s frown was evident even in profile.
and sick.
"He's exhausting to look at," Greg commented. John looked guiltily away from Sherlock's arse. Greg didn't seem to have noticed, but John was very aware that his attention had been on Sherlock's body and not his mind.
Sherlock stood in the middle of the sitting room for approximately thirty seconds, long enough to hear the front door shut, before he ran from the room, down the hall and straight for his wardrobe. He flung aside various bits and bobs until he found what he was looking for- a lime green pullover hoodie. He tugged it on swiftly and then spun for his headphones, which he slung around his neck. He traded his black oxford Ferragamo’s for a pair of plain white trainers and his Gucci slacks for grey sweats. Once donned, he flung open his bedroom window and climbed out. With his hands wrapped tightly around the freezing drainpipe, he scaled down the first story until his feet were within safe dropping range. He missed Mrs. Hudson’s bins by mere inches but he gave it no thought as he slunk around the side and into the alley. From there it was easy to make his way quickly to the tube station on Marylebone. At that particular time of night it was fairly easy to blend in with the crowd; with his hood up and the headphones on his ears he was just another punk kid, slinking his way casually forward en masse with the rest of them.
“That I’m going to come untouched and then roll over to sleep,” Sherlock snapped back at him.
“Unfortunately, I didn’t bring my wallet, so you’ll just have to take my word for it.”
John laughed into the crook of his neck.
"Another. Another, John. John!"
“John,” Sherlock breathed, unable to articulate how sorry he was, only able to pull him forward to squeeze him tight to his chest. “Is it better now? Are we okay?”
John had, never in his life, he swore, ever been a jealous person, but, fuck, if Sherlock didn’t bring it out in him.
He gave a bored shrug. “I told you, I make a study of human behavior.”
“He might. He's not the same man he was before he left, John."
.” She accepted her scotch like a Queen, no acknowledgment of how it had come into her hand. It was a wonderful performance.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock stated, beaming up at her, “England would surely fall.”
Sherlock glances over. “Why...would there be a woman with a candle?”
“Fine,” Sherlock growls back.
“Agh! Get the fuck out!” John stood and shoved Bill’s clothes and shower caddy into his chest. He caught them with another great hyena cackle and continue to laugh as John pushed him out into the hall.
forgot. I asked you if you’d ever been kissed, and you named somebody else.”
Sherlock looks up with raised eyebrows, as if to ask ‘May I?’ John can only nod quickly, his tongue seems glued to the roof of his mouth. Long, musician's fingers fall to John’s chest, and he takes a deep breath, holding it until Sherlock moves them up to his shoulder. Even his scar seems trivial in the face of Sherlock’s pleasure. Not trivial, no, more like arresting, vital perhaps.
John grinned, looking infinitely more gorgeous, especially around his eyes where they crinkled happily. “Oh, yes. Beautifully, magnificently fucking easy.”
, his bastard conscience informed him after his stomach dropped. What did he expect? Tit for tat after all.
John snorted at that. Not only the vague reference but the fact that Sherlock was such a thirteen year old in a forty year olds body. An erection was treated like an ailment that must be dealt with under penalty of death.
“Mind the glass!” Sherlock yelled but John ignored him in favour of pushing harder into his diaphragm and stomping on his right foot.
Like a child’s doll, he dressed and undressed John in the privacy of his mind. If he’d had a good day - the striped jumper. Over John’s head it went… If it had been stressful, though, he’d prefer the thick, navy blue one. Off went the striped jumper, peeled slowly up over his outstretched arms, revealing his taut stomach…
John waited a heart-stopping second before giving a huff and answering, “God help me, yes.”
"This is off limits?" Sherlock whispered.
“Stop blabbering and just do it!”
John had nearly forgotten the mystery man, the one Sherlock had threatened to find when John had initially turned down his offer to snog that first night. Honestly, John wasn’t sure the man really existed, but to hear him brought up now, of all times…
“Mycroft?”
“Yes, you were,” Sherlock argued without breaking the kiss.
John rushed down the hall, burst through the door to the stairwell, and flew down nearly every step until he reached the fourth floor. Before he even reached Colby’s room he could see a long black, possibly wool, coat hanging on the hook outside her door.
“For god’s sake, what?!”
When no reply came he got up and walked slowly into the hall. He wasn’t sure if Sherlock was in the loo or his room so he stopped between the two.
“Yes," John hissed, bringing their mouths back together.
John steadied him with both hands to his shoulders as he winced in pain. “Steady on. You’ve probably exacerbated the ankle. Daft git. Seriously, what did you come up here for?”
"You know when he came to me to help with the stag do, he had an entire folder of notes on John. He'd glued a cut-out of John's head to Da vinci's Vitruvian Man," Molly informed them with barely restrained hysteria. "I nearly wet myself when I saw it. I might have if it hadn't been so sad."
“Are we headed back to NSY?” John asked.
“That’s not very nice, John,” he whispered into the dark upon seeing the scribbled out moniker he’d given The Woman.
His laptop is open. He can see from the doorway the page is sitting on his blog.
"God, Sherlock, your mouth! Don't stop, you bastard!"
“I need to speak with you, please.”
There came a crash from inside the bedroom and Sherlock called out, "I've got it. No worries."
“Go away!”
“Life rarely is,” Sherlock responded, tilting and gesturing with his head for Bernard to leave.
Sherlock had anticipated the anger, the shock, possibly rage, or even disgust.
The boy tugs insistently on his father’s trousers, pointing up at John. “Dad, who’s that?”
“The worst,” Sherlock agreed with a roll of his eyes. “Come on up. She’ll never quit until we vacate the foyer.”
Mrs. Hudson nodded sagely.
“Party,” he snapped, “where’s the nearest party?”
Greg scooted down to the floor to sit beside him. "Wanna talk about it?"
“Can I touch you?” Sherlock practically begged, grunting the words straight into John’s mouth. He could barely think of anything else, he just wanted the bloody thing in his hands. John’s transport seemed to have that effect on him.
“Taking a shower,” he explains, quite obviously ignoring John’s pointed stare, the miniature bottles of shampoo and soap in his hands. “I’ll report back on the towel situation.” With that, the man takes his bag to the loo and shuts the door.
John pulls the gun, ejects the clip and hefts it in the air, making an estimate. “I’d say thirteen, there about.”
He opened his mouth but, really, they both clearly knew where he was going next. He gave a smile instead and pulled his apron over his head.
Sherlock kept her talking, reading between the lines when she said she spent some time in France and Belgium with friends. Apparently, from what little he could extrapolate, there was a new player in town, and Sherlock had been mentioned by name. Irene was the bait.
John feels the carnival is a bit cliche for a second date but goes for it anyway. Lucky for him, the night provides more entertainment than he bargained for.
“Didn’t have whiskey. So sorry.” He took the joint from John and puffed away, not a care in the world.
“This isn’t cuddling,” Sherlock informs him regally.
The loo was dark but even a quick glance told John Sherlock wasn’t hiding in there either. Not in the kitchen, or on the sofa or under his bed or in a cupboard. The only other option was the upstairs bedroom, in theory soon to become John’s bedroom. He hoped Sherlock hadn’t walked upstairs on his bad ankle, but he must have, the idiot.
left the door open, so I took her up."
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock says and turns back to face forward.
In a blur, Sherlock was on him. John put up a valiant fight, but his biceps were neatly pinned to the door in seconds and Sherlock was upon him, bent low and then...
“So we’re good?”
He rung out the flannel and then set about actually preparing the kettle. His nerves made the task harder than it had to, with his fingers going clumsy and his wrist actually giving a twinge.
"You really mean that. How long?"
"Don't go far, Sherlock," Greg called out, "I might need you again."
“Would it be the same, do you think, after all this time?” Sherlock didn’t answer Victor’s question. His next was even softer. “What do you say? Up for an experim-” The rest of the word was swallowed up in a moan, and John did throw his phone then, long and hard, into traffic.
“Too bad.” He pulled out a chair and sat. “You've obviously taken an issue with something,” he hedged, unsure about addressing the elephant in the room quite yet, “and I think you would feel better if you talked to me about it.”
Sherlock easily avoided it, which annoyed John to no end.
Sherlock took the small square John held out and looked it over. It was an alcohol pad. “Thanks?”
Instead of confirming what they both already knew, Sherlock instead asked, “
"Oh, what would you know?" He growled.
“We do?” John asks.
“Yes. Mate of a mate situation. Said his name was Wiggy but it was probably Billy or Phil or something equality innocuous.”
answer…” Pointed look. John didn’t want to point out that not everyone had a favourite bacteria. “My answer will likely change depending on the current roster of experiments but recently I’ve been studying
God, just thinking about ‘studying’ with Sherlock…
“Mycroft believes himself to be the center of the universe. I do not.” He shook the bags by his knees as if to say, ‘end of discussion.’
"Yeah, shut up for once in your bloody life," John complained as he rutted against that beautiful, perfect bit of flesh with his own.
tried."
“I suppose I could come down for breakfast. Just this once.”
“Yes. The sting wasn’t traumatic, the trauma stemmed from its death. I didn’t mean for it to happen. The bit that reminded me tonight,” he stops to collect his thoughts, “I felt honoured by its sacrifice. This magnificent creature had lived to serve, to be of use to a greater whole, and its last heroic deed was to leave a part of itself with me. I was
“No you’re not,” he teased. “You’re never sorry when you know you’re right.”
“I should have you arrested…” The latter half of Sherlock’s sentence trails off into distracted nothingness.
He could hear John rustling through the linens, muttering about posh bastards and the absurd amount of shoes, so Sherlock felt it his duty to crack an eyelid open to keep an eye on his Ferragamo’s, but then John simply returned with two extra pillows, leaving Sherlock's shoes unmolested. It took an unnecessarily long time to puzzle out that it meant John was staying.
“Tell me again about the Art majors with the paper mache wizard in the pool.”
“No.”
“I suppose,” John drawled in distraction.
Once back at Baker Street, Sherlock flopped down onto the sofa with his newly purchased Bond DVD, and grinned. John loved Bond, he remembered hearing so just recently, though the information had seemed superfluous at the time. He wasn’t sure why John enjoyed the films, having not actually seen one himself, but he was willing to give it a try. Maybe he’d find references to inaccurate MI6 intel that he could casually point out was wrong. John would love that.
"You saved me when my step-dad kidnapped me from school," she goes on to say. "He hit Mr. Holmes over the head with a lamp and you bashed the hell out of him." She says this as if it were the most entertaining thing she'd ever seen.
Slowly, he sank back down, wary now. Sherlock decided to sit back, out of his space, to put him at ease. His fingertips pressed together in the familiar pose he used for solving complex problems. They stared each other down for another minute, the silence clearly bothering John to the point of irritation, before Sherlock sat forward again.
John blinked down at his phone. “What? No it wasn’t, it was Rami Nahiri.”
Silence hung for a few seconds. “Thank you. When I find him, you’ll know.”
“Goddamn it, Sherlock. Your brother is going to have my head,” Lestrade’s voice filtered in past the sound of his own labored breathing.
They shared a look. Sherlock knew damn well John hadn’t ever heard of this mystery brother before, but he was silently asking for the questions to wait until Mrs. Hudson left. He’d wait not a second more.
John nodded and smiled, only passingly aware of what Sherlock was talking about. He might have been insulting him for all he knew. It was hard to concentrate when 84kg was grinding down on your prick. The excess slick smoothed the way spectacularly and John could only pray he didn't embarrass himself as soon as he breached the man.
"Hmm," John hums, entertained by Sherlock's vast, unfathomable mind at the very least. "So been on the net today at all?"
"I had a written speech prepared but," he looked the cards over with a mock scowl, "I'm not sure I like this speech anymore."
Well, perhaps if the flat were to burn around his ears, but only to ensure John’s safety.
“-I was sure you were up. I’m assuming it belongs to a client.”
It was the drugs. It had to be. His first instinct had been correct- John was put off by the drug use. Just not enough to keep him from moving in apparently. A doctor’s instinct to protect the weak, that’s all it was, all that he was worth.  Pity.
Either they hadn’t arrived at their destination yet or Laila was open minded about more than her taste in film. John’s last transaction had been last night, when they’d ordered a pizza.
“Not at all, in fact. I wasn’t to contact you at all. Had a lot of idea’s on how I should conduct my investigation. She’s a… difficult woman to work with.” Oliver chuckles at this, an agreement. “I decided to take matters into my own hands and dispense with the subterfuge. I’m to meet Ms. Barclay at the Lancaster Hotel in Houston on Monday to divulge my findings. Two o’clock in the bar downstairs, if you’d like to cut out the middleman and confront her yourself.”
“Sherlock?!” John bellowed. “Shit! Why didn’t you say something?”
“Hey, I don’t judge,” the mobster yelled, “but could you maybe do this at your home? Where I can’t hear about the things you say?”
“What, John? What is it?” Laila stood and cradled his jaw in her tiny palm.
Sherlock jumped up and practically ran for the door. He pawed it open and was gone before Greg could even stand. The gent in the doorway glanced in and gave Greg a scowl.
By god, the man
Sherlock growled in frustration and made to run from the room, but when he rose his legs gave out and he took a dive into the floor. John laughed until he cried but he did eventually help the man up. He even kissed his bruised knee. He was a doctor after all.
“Um, no, I suppose not. I don’t know why, not much to tell, I guess.” He finished off his now cold tea and stood to put the mug up. Sherlock hadn’t finished his so John left it be.
"Christ, that's good. Don't stop."
He tucked himself away, despite his still sensitive skin, scrambled for the dish flannel next to the microwave and fell immediately to scrub at the floor; his heart beating a heavy tattoo in his chest from the flood of adrenaline. He hadn’t come that hard in a while, the mix of wank material and the idea that Sherlock could have exited his bedroom at any time had ramped up his arousal.
“I’m sure they do. It’s a big place.”
His rhythm became disjointed as his orgasm neared and he pulled away from the kiss enough to suck in a breath when it hit. Bernard chuckled as he did his best to dodge the worst of it.
When Sherlock slumped back down, boneless and whimpering, John pulled away and set Sherlock’s legs back down gently. He noted the way Sherlock’s skin stuck to the leather upholstery, and thought the chair was probably the wrong venue for their activities, but it was too late to for that now.
Before he could fight back, not that he wanted to, John had him by the neck and arm and, joy, was marching him toward the stairs, door flung out so hard it banged into the wall.
“You-" John shook his head. “I think you need to explain. More. Better. Something."
He looked the bastard over, noting the lack of muscle.
Sherlock flinched. “No he's not," he practically growled.
"Any clue as to the-" He started to ask but Sherlock shushed him. He snapped his mouth shut with a growl.
He received a ‘suit yourself’ shrug. Incensed, John snatched the menu off the table and searched through the starters. He ignored Victor and Sherlock as they mumbled together over sharing a plate of sausages, and found, to his dismay, that the provoleta was indeed the only thing that looked at all appealing. Damn the man.
“What are you doing?” he demanded once reaching the bottom stair. “You can’t keep bees in the bloody cellar!”
“Honestly, you great fool,” Mrs. Hudson threw over her shoulder, “it’s just a birthday, it’s not the end of the world.”
Sherlock glared at John as if he’d committed high treason. The magazine went flying and Sherlock sat forward in his seat, weaving a bit, but staring John down.
Greg nodded to that. “You do realize that in itself is worrying, right?"
The silence grew twice as awkward and John shuffled in place, the sound of his rubber soles on the rug the only indication, as Sherlock’s eyes had closed to the pain gripping his chest. “I’ll see you later, then.”
A sound, a horrifying, flash-back-to-your-teenage-years-you're-about-to-be-caught-doing-something-embarrassing sound worked its way into John's ear canal and he instinctively threw himself backwards against the door to the sitting room. Sherlock hissed and then looked back in shock.
Even Sherlock looked surprised by this announcement.
She looked John up and down before she shrugged and then, without ceremony, shut the door in his face.
“There are only so many places he would be. I’ll get back to you.”
“Yeah, he’s being a- no!” He exclaimed at her knowing slow blink. “We’re not- he’s not- it’s not like that, we’re just mates.”
The flat was semi-lit, only the fire in the hearth giving off enough light to see by. John was nowhere to be found but evidence of his residence was obvious - shoes and coat by the door, take-away still sitting on the coffee table, he’d even brought the scotch out from the cupboard. Sherlock tried not to read into any of the evidence left behind, but if he were able to turn it off he’d not be half the man he was.
It takes approximately a half hour for Oliver to make an appearance, and quite dramatically at that. He comes down off the exit in a red Porsche 911, going full speed until he fits the gravel and spins out. Like he hadn’t just done catastrophic damage to the paint, the man hops from the car and marches toward to John's rental. Sherlock is up and out of it before John registers the movement.
John, clearly dismissed, walked Laila toward the stairs so she could get dressed. He followed behind, for inappropriately obvious reasons, as she made her way back to the bedroom.
The little bit John had managed to inhale came right back out in a great cloud of surprise. “Are you… are you serious?” He managed to ask between dry coughs, trying not to showcase the fact that his chest was on fire.
"I wasn't even invited to the damn party," Greg complained. "And you know what? I didn't ask either. I was hoping they'd get pissed and end up shagging till the cows came home but no,” he drawled, “they took a fucking case. 'Scuse my language, Mrs. H." She waved him off. "When I came to bail them out they still had all their clothes on. I've never been so disappointed to not see somebody naked in my life. If you get my meaning."
He heard Sherlock's yelp of surprise when John flipped them over so that he was on top. Later he'd feel guilty for forcing Sherlock onto his wounded back but in that moment all he could do was crash into him.
"Excellent news," he called back with a grin.
. Now is a different story."
“What do you care if my flatmate moves on from his deceased wife?”
He turned with a controlled step, grabbed his bag, and left the flat without a word.
"No, it's not bad, it's just... I don't know, it was...strangely poetic?"
He snorted. “Yeah, but you’re not normal.”
He then completed the reign of terror by saying, “What terrible thing would happen, do you think, if I kissed you right now?”
He watched John for another twenty minutes, through the chocolate lava cake and coffee, before realizing he’d been so caught up in waiting for the ‘right moment’ to interrupt the date, he’d let the entire thing pass by. It was clear they were winding down, ready to leave.
“Don’t make me repeat myself,” he practically growled.
John deflated at that. So she had at least been paying attention to the part where Sherlock had dragged him through the mud as well. Just as well, now she might not be as brokenhearted when he called it off. He should have been furious, he hadn’t been laid in almost a year, but it probably said a lot about their potential that he wasn’t really that upset.
“Just a Coke for me, thanks.” When Irene raised an eyebrow at him, he explained, “I’ve been drinking too much lately. And one needs a clear head when Ms. Adler is around.”
“Don’t you dare,” Sherlock snarled. “I’ve been close all night, you could have had it at any time, and you’re going to rob me
“Could you finish up, please?” He asks congenially.
“You think I would ever want someone like you?” He sneered. “I went to Harrow. My brother has the Prime Minister on speed dial. I could have dinner with Swedish Royalty tomorrow if I wished.” He leaned forward, into John’s space. “Why would I ever want someone like
He then made good on the statement, taking Sherlock in hand, gentle at first, but with more force when Sherlock rocked his hips in desperate need. He groaned, low and needy, wanting the promised warmth of John’s mouth but unable to beg just yet.
“Hi,” John announced, lamely.
"God help them if they don't fix this, I swear," Molly snapped, "I'll...I'll scream."
Across the street, John choked down dolmadikias with a smile. Sherlock growled and startled a middle aged woman walking a dog. The dog didn’t even have the gumption to growl back.
, John thought,
“Sherlock! He was so…so…angry! It was lovely! Oh, John, it’s just too perfect. I can’t believe he fell into that so easily.”
A half hour passed as he puzzled out John’s motives. The dorm had quieted for the night, and it had been a while since anyone had passed the hall. He uncurled from his perch on the stairs and risked walking forward toward John’s room again.
He surreptitiously glanced up at Sherlock through his eyelashes as he sat as well. He didn’t look flushed, which would have been obvious on his pale face, but then again, he’d been hidden away for quite a while.
Another on the couch asked, “Are you wearing women’s panties right now and if so, can we see?”
He huffed in relief when he saw it was from Lestrade.
John slid one eye open, fractionally. "What face?" He replied, only marginally offended.
Sherlock frantically searched his memory. “I think, yes. Possibly.”
John smiled at her, glad for the warmth.
“John! Wait!” He cried out, and then immediately winced at the clear, desperate panic in his voice.
"John," he managed before he panted silently in wonder.
“Apparently,” Sherlock replied absently, more aware of the sensation John caused, than the conversation.
“Well that’s just not true. You went back to Dr. Thompson prior your wedding to tell her you were having second thoughts-”
“Yes, incessantly. Thinks because she owns the place that she can run roughshod.”
John rolls onto his back, moving the gun in his waistband to the front, and contemplates the new complications. “Would they have destroyed it? My passport.”
“That moment where the girl you like, or bloke I suppose, finally asked you out. You know, you hang up the phone and then roll around on your bed having a fit.”
," he explained carefully, "why wouldn't I understand my own desires?"
Sherlock turned fully away from John, apparently much more interested in Janine's scintillating conversation.
“Oh, c’mon,” John snickers, “that’s absurd.”
“I assume this doesn’t change anything, right? I mean, you don’t care that I-”
"Why did I talk him into the long con?" Sherlock nodded. "Simple. I was curious. You can understand that, right?"
"What's on the schedule for today?" She asks cheerfully as she takes a multivitamin.
actually
John squints into the darkness, because, though they’re not lying that far apart, there’s no way Sherlock is actually staring at his mouth in contemplation. That would mean-
“Oh,” Sherlock breathed and flexed his hips, shoving his prick into the mattress, loving every bit of it.
John wishes the dead coyote’s family would show up and eat him. Or maybe they could just carry him off and he can live amongst them as a member of the pack.
All he could see was the image of Sherlock, unconscious in an alley or a abandoned building, with a needle buried in his arm, his heart rate shooting up to dangerous levels with no one there to help him.
“Regardless,” Sherlock goes on, “I’d like to speak to your boss.”
"You know I hate going to hospital. It's dull and it smells like disinfectant."
. “Oh, no, it’s not going to be a spectacle or anything. I was just kind of in shock at first, so I didn’t get a chance to really speak my mind.”
“No! It doesn’t matter what we want! Don’t you get that? It will never work! If it were simple and easy we would have had it by now.”
It just pisses John off even more. He breezes by without another word. Not washing his hands feels like a rebellion, though he’ll probably wash them when they get home- when they get back to Baker Street.
The bartender handed over the bottle with wide eyes.
With only half of his case unpacked, John gave up and stripped down to his vest and pants. He gave a half-hearted thought about brushing his teeth but decided instead to drag the sheets and pillows back up onto the bed. The blanket was still folded up in the chair in the corner, where Sherlock hadn’t reached before he’d collapsed. The lamp could be fixed in the morning.
“Fiver,” the man announced with a smug snap of his gum.
“Are you all right? I’m sorry if I really hurt you. You can get me back if you want.”
"John!" Sherlock bellowed. "He's lactose intolerant!"
“Here,” John muttered and moved to close the curtains tighter.
They hobbled back to his chair and John helped him to sit again.
Assuming Sherlock already paid, John leaves the restaurant without looking at the other patrons. If Clara and Bea are still there John doesn’t register them. And with Clara’s blue hair that’s really saying something about John’s frame of mind.
He gets up slowly; the computer is pulled from Sherlock’s lap with care. He then pulls his arm back and launches it at the far wall, where it smashes fantastically over the sofa to rain down bits of plastic and metal to the floor.
John laughed, his eyes scrunched up adorably. Sherlock decided to let it go.
“Victor,” Sherlock’s voice crooned with an almost believable softness, “please. I did want to see you. I feel badly for how things ended.”
John scoffed. "Oh, you would. Works out well for you, eh?"
John lets out a relieved chuckle, even though he’s fairly sure he’s just been insulted again.
He rolled into a ball as pain radiated up into his body from his mangled cock and balls. “Why, god?” He coughed.
Of course, John was the perfect gentleman throughout. Sherlock didn’t know if he was disappointed or relieved, honestly. He waited, not playing the least bit attention to the film, as John laughed at things Liza whispered in his ear. When John responded to these comments Sherlock felt his blood simmer, but these were just innocent moments. Nothing to cause a scene over. Not that he
“You… You’re not supposed to do this. It’s supposed to stay
John stared at the carpet until his sight swam.
"You should be proud of him,” Greg commented casually, hands tucked into his coat pockets, continuing their previous conversation.
John looked up at that. “Not at all. You
“It’s fine. If you feel that way, I mean. It’s… good.” Sherlock’s voice is quiet but seems sure.
“Sherlock, dear, a young man-“
John looks up and almost asks 'What? My pathetic need for your attention?' But he means the blog.
He watches the road, still wary of cartel members. John wants to trust Sherlock when he says they won’t be a problem anymore but that doesn’t mean the danger has completely passed. Like he said himself, he's is a genius but he’s not infallible.
"She would sit there at that computer for hours just screaming at you two to blow each other," Mary chimed in. "Drove Jim nuts."
“Where are you going?” Sherlock asked when John stood abruptly from his chair.
“I’m failing Chemistry and Wickum stuck me with the worse tutor possible. Holmes makes every University Challenge team combined look like a bunch of infants.
“Not that I can see. Might have to raid Mrs. Hudson’s freezer for the peas.”
"You see, ladies and gentlemen," Sherlock went on, "John Watson is actually a liar and a thief and a bastard but the worst of all these is he's a
Sherlock frowned the whole way to the counter, through giving his name for the order to the wary bloke behind the register and until John nudged him with his shoulder.
Sherlock coughed hard, the hand with the bow in it came up to his stomach as he heaved.
John was found leaving the Underground at Hampstead, and from there he walked a few blocks to small independent cinema on Holly Bush Vale. It was a pretentious little establishment and Sherlock frowned at the choice. Laila’s obviously; John would never try that hard. Would he?
“Just you, John. I just want you.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “What is the exact definition of hate sex?”
Sherlock glances at John with a raised eyebrow. John has to bite his tongue or he’s going to lose it.
When he stood, his heart leapt into his throat to find Sherlock nearer to his chair then he had been. He was further shocked to find Sherlock had removed his scarf and was deftly wrapping around John’s neck and tucking it snug into his coat.
John kept his eyes on the pavement in front of them, never veering for a moment.
Eventually the strain from tugging on the door handle became too much and he slumped against it in exhaustion. His pounding pulse echoed around his body like the bass from a song he’d once heard. It pulled him away from the muffled, worried conversation outside the car to a moment in time, not so long ago, when John had first torn his shirt off in sweat induced frustration. The memory was as clear as if he were watching it happen for the first time.
“Did you sleep at all?” John chastised, moving around to the end of the bed to check on his ankle. He sat down lightly next to Sherlock’s injured foot, leaning in for a closer look.
They’re staring at each other, taking in the sights with renewed appreciation. John is wondering if he should have started cycling to work like he’d been thinking about doing lately, but it must not matter because Sherlock falls upon him again and resumes snogging him breathless. Now, with the shirts out of the way, they seem to slither more snakelike than before. But it’s not enough.
The man smirks but continues. “Moves, familiarity with weapons, tan line well established before you came to America, haircut is military issue but slightly grown out. Your limp is psychosomatic by the way.”
John knew his mouth had dropped open unattractively but he couldn’t seem to pull it shut.
Sherlock glanced over briefly but was unable to make eye contact for more than a few seconds.
“Neither. Magpies apparently.”
“Nope,” he grunted, still moving down the path. Now he was on first name basis with blokes he’d only spoken to once?
“N-n-nelson’s,” Possibly Simon stuttered back. “Colby Nelson is throwing one down on the fourth.”
John shook his head, not sure what he was denying anymore, to whom.
Scarlett leaned in to whisper in his ear, “It’s all right. You’ll be sitting down, you won’t need it.”
"I'm actually glad you said it, Inspector," Mrs. Hudson admitted. "I've been a mite worried about him myself. He didn't sleep a wink last night. If he'd had a case it would be one thing..."
“Actually I was aiming for the ground at his feet but,” John admits with a shrug, not really that upset with the outcome.
Experimentally, John pushes forward and back, and an explosion of new sensation runs up from his cock. There’s a drag that’s so perfect, so intense, John knows it’s all over.
“John!” Scarlett snapped, calling him like a dog.
John looked up in sudden, pulse pounding terror. No way he could...
Without thought, John started singing.
He grips the barrel and twists, taking the weapon easily from the stranger, who cries out, surprised at being pulled forward with the momentum. John doesn’t hesitate to bring the commandeered weapon down onto the gunman’s temple, who, upon finding such unexpected rapid-fire turning of events, blinks disbelievingly up at John before falling over.
"What was strangely poetic?" Sherlock takes a swig from the paper cup, grimaces and then shoves it back into John's hand.
Sherlock glanced down at his bare feet, toes curling hard into the carpet. “I won’t.”
“You are worse than a toddler,” John complained as he got Sherlock away from the wall. “Remind me never to stitch you up after I get my license.”
“Yes, you full well did. You said ‘run’, remember? After apparently breaking into a carnival to play a mean spirited psychic. What did you do with that woman, by the way? Barb, also known as Madame Endora.”
“What are you doing, John?”
"But you've done this before, haven't you?"
“Oh, my god,” John breathed to himself. “You’re completely serious. This whole time?”
“John, focus. You still haven’t answered my question.”
What they ended up doing was staring at each other again. Dammit.
Sherlock purposefully kept his eyes averted. “I would assume six, yes.”
“Pedestrian,” Sherlock grunts.
John’s jaw flexed. He only did that when he was upset or angry. Sherlock tried not to tense up more because of it, his muscles already sore from twitching, but he could hardly help it. Another reprimand from John would crush him entirely, he knew.
“No. Why?” He asked, confused.
appreciative, aren’t we, Sherlock?” He gripped the man’s thigh and squeezed.
“I’m never not going to be thinking about this, at least on some level. You’re just going to have to deal with the consequences.”
“Can you patch me in or not,” John snapped.
it, all so Sherlock could squeeze just an ounce more freedom from his mysterious brother- but… he couldn’t say no. He just couldn’t.
“No! It’s okay, I just didn’t expect it,” John reassured him.
The movements stopped but Sherlock continued to breathe into his ear. “Please,” he whispered.
John laughed. “It’s fine. Probably best not to thump someone who might have a concussion.”
“Deleted. Thought I deleted. It’s coming back to me,” he answered breathlessly, his hands travelling down until he could pull John’s bottom closer. They both groaned at the contact.
John snorts at this, perfectly able to picture a small, curly-headed Sherlock responding to an unwanted kiss with verbal harassment. “You seem to bring that out in people,” he notes, raising his leg to rub his foot along Sherlock’s.
He rolls out of the car and hobbles to the boot for his ruck sack. The petrol station/dinner he’d stopped at the night before is now open, the smell of coffee wafting on the breeze, and John takes pleasure in the simplicity of that, instead of focusing on the vague sense of loneliness the desert landscape seems to automatically exacerbate.
Molly and Greg looked at each other.
Sherlock sucked in a breath so fast he nearly choked on it. He glanced down to see John grinning up at him, and, before he could respond, found himself pulled into another synapse-destroying kiss.
The first thing he did when he got back to his room was throw the coat down and search through it for clues. There were several pockets, all either extremely deep or hidden between the folds with tiny zippers.  John felt certain that was the entire reason behind the purchase of the coat to begin with. Once the bounty was all removed he stood back and surveyed.
The man leaned all the way back, as far as his torso would stretch back without hitting his head.
If he only had a minute, he had to be quick. It was risky but he had to, there were too many images flickering behind John’s eyes now to calm his raging body. The loo would have been more secure but there was a damn frosted glass door separating the rooms. That wouldn’t do at all.
“Laila, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean-”
“C’mere,” Bernard forcefully pulled John up, reaching for his prick as soon as he was on his feet.
“No, it’s all right. I promise. I’m just not used to anyone being interested in it. You can…if you want.” He waved at it.
But John was not lucky.
“To use the colloquialism. I suppose.”
“Eh, you came back,” Victor said easily. “Of course you did.”
“No phone number,” John stated. It was a strange way to advertise.
“Mary was getting off with a bloke on my rugby team.
When Sherlock glanced down at his phone he immediately bent double and laughed himself silly. John laughed along with him, though he wasn’t sure yet why.
They eventually ended up squeezed onto a sofa together, next to two burn-outs and a girl who was doing not that great a job of not crying.
John laughed outright at that. Poor sod probably believed that too. “You are not.”
“…Yes,” he admitted after a beat.
John lit up like a firework. “Oh! Vera Lynn! Pink Floyd? Right?” He then surprised the hell out of everybody by singing the song for the roommate in a beautiful tenor. The song was unfamiliar to Sherlock, unsurprisingly, but John’s voice gave him a new appreciation for eighties rock music.
“Oh, fuck, that's good." John pressed back, rubbing his massive erection along Sherlock's own.
The last thing he remembered was John wedging the pillow under his head, tossing the blanket over them, and then absently throwing a leg over Sherlock’s arse.
“Sherlock, are you paying attention?”
Sherlock almost admonished John for interrupting but licked his lips and answered the question. “Because I told him we were." John went to interrupt again but Sherlock rushed to explain. “That's what I told all of them. The ones I sent your way. You were being reckless, so angry after Mary you didn't care who you slept with. So I cared for you. Found men that I screened myself, and once they cleared, pushed them in your direction. Even if you didn't want me, I would still have you be safe... as possible anyway."
He said it so casually John almost missed it, but by the uncomfortable way Sherlock held his shoulders, John could tell he was waiting on a taunting laugh.
"Mmm," he hummed and rocked back on his heels, smile still in place.
“Afraid that’s it for you, mate.” He walked the thrashing man to the tent entrance, nodded at Bree to open for him and then launched the man forward with a shove. “Go on!” He yelled with a point, brooking no further arguments.
John hadn’t come home until very late that morning, and gone straight to bed. Sherlock would have liked to have been waiting up for him, in the dark perhaps, and ambushed him for details, but he knew there was no information pertaining to the couple’s late night activities Sherlock could have stomached. His imagination, though lacking in practical knowledge, was quite up to the task of supplying torturous images of its own.
Greg has a look about him, like he wants to broach the subject but knows how it's going to be received. And John just knows, like he always does when this very subject is about to be raised, that Greg's about to agree with Mary about the post. He's had years of practice at having others curiosity aimed at him.
, he could read like a banner across the man’s face.
"Holmes. Really?" He asks, intrigued. "Right. No, he's already here," he looks down at John, "yes. Which end? Yes, see you there." He hangs up and grins.
Sherlock’s mind scrambled to catalog each new feeling, but he was unable. There was so much to take in, each movement sending a different sensation to Sherlock’s brain. He felt as if even the traveling of the signals passing up his spinal column was an act onto itself. Hot air, wet tongue, wide strokes, pointed ones, circles and stripes, there wasn’t a missed note, everything worked. The noises John made as he went even served to send Sherlock closer to the end result.
John freezes in a way that has nothing to do with his muscles. “What?” He asks stupidly.
Sherlock was about to ask if John had lost one of his contacts in the scuffle when he responded with, “You don’t make friends easily, do you?”
But John wasn’t a cruel man. He sunk back down, laving attention around Sherlock’s crown. Sherlock made a noise thereunto unheard, and John hummed in pleasure, chuffed that even though he was the one with a mouthful of cock, Sherlock was the one who had finally shut the hell up. Sherlock, fearful of the threat of John’s disappearance, was on his best behaviour. His hands clamped down on his thighs and stayed there, his hips didn’t as much as twitch. John found it adorable, but he knew better than to say so. Good behaviour deserved to be rewarded though.
happened?”
He curled into himself on the sofa, knees tucked up close to his chest, and refused to breathe. It nearly worked, but the will to survive overrode his stubborn attempt at asphyxia, and he took an involuntary gasp. Blasted respiratory system. Desolation almost got the better of him, until pride broke through and demanded its fair share.
John stepped into his space. “I what, Sherlock? What did
Lestrade glanced between them, looking contemplative. “Up to the police.”
Sherlock stared John down. John could almost feel Victor’s stare but he couldn’t care less.
Simple as that. All right, John won’t complain. He turns away so Sherlock won’t see the look of utter confusion on his face.
John laughed out loud at the quiet offer. “I’m not going to get off with you. You’re high as a kite and too bloody young.”
Sherlock found himself pulled upright. He tried to open his eyes but they were too heavy.
, he mused. Actually, if it got to be too much he
“I don’t know, he lets you live here by yourself. That’s pretty great.”
. The universe was a grand place, wasn’t it?
Mike threw an arm over his shoulders and pulled him along with a laugh.
John pulled the memory of Mary writhing in David’s lap and looked her in the eye when he stated, quite plainly, “If you love me at all, yeah, you should be worried.” Her eyes widened at that but he kept on. “Seeing as I don’t believe you’ve loved me for some time now, I’m not all that worried for you.”
And just as John suspected, a cloud of aromatic smoke erupted out of Sherlock’s mouth. It billowed and swirled around them for a few seconds and then dissipated.
Greg widened his eyes comically. "No, no. She was just, uh, sharing a bit of gossip."
John groaned in a rush of endorphins, the reminder of where they were sending prickles of excitement across his skin. “I’m so close.”
"Bottom drawer. Bottom, Sherlock," he informed the man as he slapped ineffectually in the top drawer.
“So, she’s not coming then?”
John then found himself snagged by his coat collar and thrown sideways into a dark alleyway. His back slammed into the brick beside a filthy skip and then he was presented with a face full of snogging flatmate.
“Oh, you didn’t pick up on the fact that she was playing hard to get?” John laughed.
Christ, could their family be any more pretentious - came up again in conversation, so be it. He would settle for being satisfied that Sherlock did have family to look out for him, absent though they seemed to be.
John pulled away, stumbling just a bit, Sherlock was pleased to see, as he turned toward the man at the front of the alley. Sherlock was directly behind, ready to pull John back if necessary.
“You still got the cuffs?” Miller eventually asks, looking put out at not being able to shoot them right off.
“What?”
Without warning, he pulled back, slipped his hands under Sherlock’s back and dead lifted him off the table. Sherlock let out a shocked cry and wrapped his limbs tightly around John’s torso. He walked them into the sitting room and deposited Sherlock into his chair with a bounce. While Sherlock was busy looking affronted, John started stripping. Sherlock’s mien melted into a decidedly more pleasant arrangement, something closer to ‘John, you’re brilliant.’
“Are you teasing?”
John’s eyebrows rose incrementally. He opened his mouth to form a question but couldn’t seem to settle on which one. Eventually he decided on, “Did we not hash that part out last night? Multiple times, if I’m not mistaken.”
He got up from the bench, as John and Lyle laughed and pulled their coats on, and walked away. His hands stung with the cold, so he jammed them into his pockets and trudged forward slowly. Perhaps John would spot him and call out…
learn from his mistakes or forfeit any chance at all of showing John the truth.
the bastard?!" John was practically screaming at him, looking completely unhinged. Even so, Sherlock still noted how in his element the man was, on the verge of violence. "You just called me a coward in front of the entire guest list at my wedding and
"The loo, mate."
Sherlock shrugged, embarrassed but unwilling to implicate himself as caring either way.
“I have cousins in France but no, I stayed in Camden that week.”
He looked up, met John’s eyes as he leaned down to swallow as much as he could right off. And almost lost John to gravity as he flung his head back in pleasure. Sherlock had to yank him back with an iron grip on his jumper.
“I don’t know. Don’t know the answer, I suppose.”
, John thinks as he sips his lemonade, turning the radio down once the commercials come on.
things, I forcibly remove them to make room for more important information.”
“Yeah?” He questioned vaguely.
John and Sherlock scrambled to tuck and zip and stand with as much dignity as possible given what she'd burst in on. Nothing to be done about the wet spots.
“The orgasm is over, try again.”
Molly nodded resolutely. Mrs. Hudson's chin came up.
And John had only just glanced at him.
John leans up against a tree with his cup and watches Sherlock as well, though what either man hopes to accomplish by standing around and watching someone else work he hasn't the faintest. It's just what they're used to with Sherlock. Waiting for scraps.
Well… That was… “And that’s a good thing?”
“No…it’s just…we met at a party,” John finished lamely, blinking at the back of the chair he’d vacated minutes before.
The man’s eyes met Sherlock’s and John’s heart started mourning before his brain caught up in understanding.
They rounded the corner at Baker Street and Sherlock jogged to a stop outside 221. Delightfully, John followed him right up to the door and inside. They spilled into the foyer with a laugh, both breathing heavily against the wall.
going to lecture me on lying, in any of its forms?” John retorted, voice clipped low, dangerous now.
John shoved Sherlock’s arm away and marched toward the stairs. Instead of getting out the front door, as he’d intended, John found himself snatched up and shoved toward his bedroom. He tried to argue but one look at Laila’s face had him shuffling meekly upward.
Sherlock looked around and then pinpointed the building in question. "There. He won't have been home since you found the van but we need to check regardless."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, though John couldn’t see.
John raised up until he could look Sherlock in the eye. "You're going to pay for that."
John deflated at that bit of news. “But it’s bloody freezing out. What about a different one?”
“Good.” With a glance at Laila and a shake of his umbrella, Mycroft was gone.
“Really? I-" He was about to say he didn’t remember her but that seemed rude.
“All right.”
“Fuck,” the bloke growled and thrust up.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice quietly called after him from the other side of the door to the loo.
"Oh c'mon, you know I was teasing. I don't think it's got anything to do with that, I just thought, you know, you do go on about how annoying it is, people assuming, and well, this hardly helps, does it?"
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed in mild surprise. “I thought about borrowing a ladder so I could chip away the rest of the Middle East but Mrs. Hudson would likely not approve.”
chair, as he’d come to think of it) when Sherlock ran toward the kitchen, and they met in the doorway. John took the first swing, which of course Sherlock ducked. He came up and planted a fist into John’s stomach. John coughed out all his air but managed to shoulder Sherlock into the kitchen table before he could finish his attempt at planting his elbow into John’s back.
His explanation was abruptly cut off as John realized he was alone in the sitting room. He stared in confusion at Sherlock’s empty chair, noted that the plate of biscuits had been up-ended as if Sherlock had gotten up in a hurry. Instinctively, he moved toward the plate to clean up the mess, but a more pressing matter needed to be addressed first.
John is there in one stride, wedging himself between Sherlock’s spread thighs, and immediately angling Sherlock’s face upward to get at his mouth.
, his smirk said. "Tell me, what I were you thinking about?"
What did it say about John that he loves him still, despite all of that?
They stared at each other until she cracked, and they both laughed. Irene really was quite lovely. White Oleander - beautiful but poisonous.
It lands like a blow, the reminder that it's not his tub, not his responsibility to keep Sherlock in line here anymore. He smiles, a small thing, a concession that, no, it's none of his concern; just a knee jerk reaction, a form of habit.
That certainly wasn’t the first time Sherlock had lost John, but it was possibly the surrealist.
been crying, to his everlasting embarrassment, so he’d screamed that he was masturbating so she’d leave him alone. It had worked, obviously, but he had to wonder if the same idea applied here. Only backwards…
“Needy,” John mumbles, though it’s not like sucking Sherlock is exactly a hardship. And, Christ, the noises he’s making as John takes him in again, he will gladly continue if only to hear them.
He tried the dance floor first, that was John's usual M.O. when he first arrived, but after frantically cutting through the crush he didn't catch a hint of sandy blond hair or John's broad shoulders. The bar was empty except for a few patrons waiting for drinks, all nine of them not John. A sick feeling welled in Sherlock’s guts, because if John wasn't on the dance floor or at the bar, he was in the loo, and that meant it was too late.
“That thing we were discussing before I left… Still sound like a plan? Sherlock? Hey.” He flicked Sherlock in the nose.
The empty chair.
John glanced over at her and felt a bucket of ice water dose him. She looked scared. Of him. Bottle of scotch and one sad excuse and look how easily he’d turned into his father.
“Inappropriate for one,” he yelled. “Timing for another.”
John looked around his legs in surprise.
"The most intimate thing?" He asked quietly.
John looked up at the ceiling in confusion.  It became clear that he was still drunk; the ceiling spun to the left and his head tilted with it. Strange because he hadn’t felt so with his new friend- he’d never felt better in fact. But as he blinked over at Mike in the doorway he had to admit he felt sick.
John snorted at the thought as he tossed his coat over the back of his chair. He faced the doorway, casually resting his shoulder against the jam, and studied his flatmate. It was clear Sherlock knew he was there, was pointedly ignoring him. John figured the direct approach was best.
“I’ll be back later tonight. Or maybe not, if all goes well, eh?” John gave another attempt at machismo and failed.
Sherlock panted hot air back at him but John didn’t receive an actual response. When he let go of Sherlock’s wrists to move down his long torso, and reached the clasp of his trousers, Sherlock’s eye widened in understanding. His head fell back against the table to slam a few times when John released his springing erection.
“Right,” John muttered.
“Mary,” he called down the hall when he caught her leaving her room. She turned with a smile, a guileless thing, an innocent thing, like she loved him still. John's fortitude solidified in the face of it. How
John glanced down at the empty table- no tarot cards, no crystal ball, not even a translucent scarf thrown over top.
“I don’t know,” he admitted, “I guess I assumed because you’re the biggest whore for birds I’ve ever seen that you’d be uncomfortable with it.”
Sherlock was glad for the dark, because his smirk was uncontrollable.  He chewed on his lip to keep from laughing outright.
After a beat, “yes, please,” came the muffled reply.
“Oh, plenty of good is going to
“If this is about the drawings, it’s fine. I don’t care.” Sherlock’s eyes closed. Again he had no idea why but these were not the words he wanted to hear. “It’s not like I think Mrs. Hudson was right. You know how she is, always thinking there’s something going on. Really. I get it.”
John straightened out of his crouch, wary, eyes tracking the unspoken conversation happening between himself and Mrs. Hudson, in which Sherlock’s ‘whose side are you on?’ guilt looks were met with ‘you try talking to him!’
he thinks. "Some people seem to think it's too poetic."
John laughed against him and then went back to sucking intently at his skin.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Sherlock asked quietly.
John held his hand out blindly and demanded, “Give me the torch. I’m blind as a bloody bat out here.”
“Very good, John, thank you,” he mumbled as he made a few notes of his own in the margins of John’s notebook. “Now, tell me, what is it exactly you wish to accomplish here?”
“Ready, Grandpa?” Sherlock teased, hand on the doorknob.
"Shit. Double shit," he snapped.
One after the other, each target was blown back. Rabbit, rabbit, duck, duck, rabbit, duck. John’s hands had never been steadier, not since before he’d taken that sodding bullet, and even he was surprised how quickly he was finished.
John stared through the window, meeting Sherlock’s wide eyes, looking so frightened it hurt to see.
He walked back into the sitting room to find Sherlock had shrugged his coat off but was still sitting on it, and was looking up impatiently for John to bring his findings over.
They giggled mercilessly for a long time over that, passing the joint back and forth until it burnt their fingertips, and then laid back against their chairs in a sprawling heap. John let the back of his chair cradle his nape and stared up at the ceiling.
“Busy,” is the reply.
“Oh!” Mrs Hudson gasped as they went by, jumping quickly out of their way as John yanked him along.
John’s mouth came open like he was about to ask ‘How?’ but then snapped back shut. “That’s not the same. And anyway, I didn’t know
“No, you’re right. My dad would have torn right into you. He hates posh snobs like you.” He punched Sherlock for good measure, so he knew John had just been offering as a formality.
“Obviously,” John teased back in his best Sherlockian bass.
Before he could answer, a clear voice rang out behind them. “Am I interrupting something? I can come back.”
Sherlock vacillated between ‘So what? Come back and touch my penis again’ and what he felt was his duty to fill John full to bursting with food. He, himself, could skip several meals before refueling became dire, but John, he was depressingly thin from not eating. Eventually Sherlock let him up, if only to see how long it would take before John was back at his Army weight.
"Ah ah, I don't think so."
After a beat, John mutters, “I would try to fatten you up but I know for a fact a packet of Hob Nobs goes directly to your arse and no where else. Would make the situation worse probably.”
“If someone has died in here, keep your deductions to yourself,” John mumbles as they walk inside and glance around. He sets his bag down on the bed nearest the door and begins to pull his toiletries out.
He looked up to find Sherlock studying him. “What d’you mean?”
Miller looks Sherlock over, just as skeptical as Mitch had been. “Prove it.”
abnormally attracted to dangerous activities in general. Lord help him if they ran into any sword swallowers.
Sherlock grunted. “I don’t suppose - ”
Now Sherlock was sure he was confused. “But... why?”
“Run!”
“Hmm.” She ran a finger over her lips absently. “Doing what?”
“Don’t spoil your appetite,” John commanded as he set the plate of biscuits down in Sherlock’s lap, taking one for himself.
Sherlock gave a great sigh and reluctantly let go. John immediately scrambled to the door and disappeared inside the loo. John did indeed evacuate his bladder, and Sherlock decided to use the time to parse how he felt about John staying the night, and the activities there in.  It didn’t take long.
, his first thought suggested, but the outcome of that would land him flat on his back a second later, and though there was a small chance a fight would evolve into something altogether more appealing, he wouldn’t chance John becoming so upset he left.
“No, sir, it was a misunderstanding, is all.”
Mrs. Hudson bravely took the torch. "I like Mary, I do, she's lovely....but..."
His answering snort was answer enough. “Pedestrian,” he replied anyway.
“What!” John snapped right back, pointing Sherlock’s own prick at his face like a threat.
John hung up on her, finger smashing the ‘end call’ button hard. He looked up at Sherlock for the first time, knowing full well his face was bright red. Sherlock looked like he might be ill, face paler than usual, eyes glassy, which superseded John’s embarrassment.
“Quite,” Sherlock agreed, lips twitching at the corners.
His friend sucked in a shocked breath; John could feel the sudden dip in his stomach as his diaphragm contracted. He then gripped John’s hand in a tight vice, stopping his movement instantly. Their eyes met, John feeling unsure until he took in the pleading look.
John grins at the sky. If he doesn’t watch himself, he’s going to fall hard for this absurd man. He’d been halfway there upon first sight, three-fourths when Sherlock had produced a thermos of tea from the backseat of his car. He’s busy trying to come up with a way to ask if they can continue this strange companionship once back on native soil, when a shot rings out.
“Afraid not,” Sherlock answered from the sitting room. “I usually raid Mrs. Hudson round this time but she’s taken to hiding her biscuits in her room.”
Sherlock weighed John seriousness and apparently found it solid. His bum shifted on the table, clearly antsy. “I’m sorry, John. I’ll… do better.”
The door was open, he could walk through it and know John wouldn’t bring the incident up again by the time he came back.
“What! No!”
“Mmm,” Bernard hummed as he bent low to snog the daylights out of John.
"This should do nicely," Sherlock quipped joyfully.
“Impossible, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock drawled as he fell back into his chair. “You wouldn’t be caught dead using powdered creamer, which is the only form of cream that is explosive.”
John is grinning ear to ear. “Stop having a magnificent arse and I’ll stop staring.”
“I’m from Yorkshire, not a Jane Austin novel,” he snapped. “Is that what you think having money is like?”
“I know the score. If you think I don't-"
Sherlock just snickered behind his mug.
“I offered, didn’t I?”
“C’mon. You got it? Here, lean up against- yeah,” John coached Sherlock into the foyer. “Gimme a second, I’ll be right back.”
Replaced now with,
“Don’t thank me just yet,” John mumbled darkly, “you might have to hide my body later tonight.”
John studied the stranger as they moved closer to 221b - a man, approximately their age, of Indian heritage most likely, with a neat queue of dark chestnut waves at his neck. It should have looked unnecessarily dramatic but instead gave the man an air of seriousness. His shoulders were broad, capping a still trim waist and slim hips. He was nearly a perfect match to Sherlock, if a bit taller, John noted as they stepped abreast.
“I’ll make tea and you can tell me all about it,” John said, still obviously laughing about Sherlock’s overreaction. He bent to scoop up the bits of spy gear from the floor and righted the table. The magazines and ashtray and other detritus he left for his return.
Sherlock flinched at the menace in John’s voice. He cracked his eyelids open enough to see John hunched angrily against the opposite door, eyes on the passing London streets. He was livid.
-and it had done no good. Dealing with his family for five horrendous days certainly hadn’t helped. His sister had tried bringing her girlfriend home, to disastrous results, everyone but John had been drunk, his grandmum was dying… it was all around shit. After the day he’d had, coming home that morning to Sherlock’s black mood, and now to find the mess Sherlock was playing in... John was just done.
“Pathetic,” John heard from the sitting room. When he rounded the corner, Sherlock was sneering up at him. So much for the possessive declarations.
“Wouldn’t mind jumping on that myself, honestly,” he muttered next.
As if John cared.
The man inside-of course he was-immediately ran at them and started yelling, Russian gibberish mostly. To John’s great surprise Sherlock answered in kind, a smile tipping the corners of his lips, as he let the man sail pass. This was the detective in his physical element. John felt a bit superfluous honestly, as he stood back and watched Sherlock advance on the kidnapper. Petrov was stocky, well-muscled but obviously turning to fat around the middle, and it made his movements slow, uncoordinated. He was still handcuffed but he was wielding the stolen nightstick two handed, like a sword, and Sherlock’s stance changed accordingly.
“Sherlock’s freedom.”
“Proceed,” he announced regally.
He handed John a card on his way out - a pass in Mycroft’s estimation, not that Sherlock cared - which John glanced at in confusion.
"Fine," he snapped and then yanked the door John had leant against, knocking him completely off balance.
"Yes," Sherlock practically growls in his excitement.
“Would have thought you’d find weed… prosaic?” John tried for teasing and hoped he succeeded.
"It's obvious, now that I know what I'm looking at," Sherlock said. "Think John. Janine remind you of anyone? How many other Irish brunettes have we known who would want to see your scheming wife put a bullet in your head?"
Sherlock scoffed lightly. “Are you suggesting I don’t know how to have fun?”
“Shit,” Sherlock mumbled and dropped down the other side to the pavement below. John was right behind.
“Well, you just said I fit the basic criteria for a sidekick, so I assumed…”
“Boring,” Sherlock huffed. He flopped back down onto the sofa and pierced John with a glassy stare. “Truth or Dare?”
“Sherlock! Be nice, you’ll drive him off!”
But when she’d learned he was currently unemployed, she’d not run for the hills, so John had assumed Bill was wrong.
Sherlock pulled in a lungful of blessedly hot, acrid air and felt a small bit of tension release. Though Mycroft was still sitting beside him so he didn’t get his hopes up too high for the rest of the night. “I suppose you expect me to talk?” He spit after a moment. “Should I spill my guts to you, big brother? Would it make me
“Accident,” John answers, still riding the high of the inspection and Sherlock’s brilliance, despite the subject matter.
He pulled John closer, somehow, close enough to feel John’s floating ribs constrict between his arms. Other than a grunt, John didn’t complain at all, just wrapped his arms tighter underneath Sherlock’s coat, letting his hands fist in the material of Sherlock’s shirt.
The man gets cut off his rant by the door to the dinner opening before he can get his hand on it. John is stunned into place, confronted with a familiar frame, this time blowing past in a white button-down, no less stressed across his frame, but sans jacket, the sleeves rolled up his pale forearms. John wants to say something to him, possibly tease him for wearing white in the dust bowl of a town they're in, but the harangued father of two is holding the dinner door open for him, still going on about choking his kids or what-have-you.
“Oh, go on,” she snapped, “mind your own.” At that she stomped off.
"No, not-" he started to say but his radio crackled and he picked it up. "Go ahead."
“John,” he started softly, “I think I should probably explain, I consider myself…committed to my work and I don’t exactly foresee-“
"Ah, you know what happens when you mouth off, don't you?"
“You… You really don’t know?” John is genuinely confused. It seems Sherlock is as well; a scowl appears. He’s definitely not satisfied with being out of the loop. John takes a breath and prays again that he’s not about to wreck everything. “Sherlock. It’s not a issue, I swear it doesn’t matter, but I- You’re… You’re impossibly attractive.” Sherlock rears back at this and John rushes to explain, “I swear, I wasn’t going to say anything, or, I mean, I was telling myself not to say anything rather. When you asked what I was thinking about,” he finishes lamely.
“John,” Sherlock whinged, sensitive and aching but chasing that second orgasm like a needy animal. “I need to come again. Please.”
When the waiter came back to take their orders, drop off the wine, and fill Sherlock and Victor’s water glasses, John begrudgingly ordered the provoleta, but added a salad just to prove Sherlock didn’t know everything. The bastard was still sitting smug after John ordered, which pissed him off to no end.
He turned back to make his excuses only to find John staring at him in wide-eyed shock.
“How are we feeling?” Sherlock asks after a mile or so.
“I can stitch myself, thank you very much.”
He backed out into the hall on silent feet and fumed. A plan, he needed a plan.
?” John palmed the ridged outline of his partner’s erection. His reaction was textbook but also like nothing John had ever seen. His back bowed, showcasing his long torso and, as the two sides of his unzipped hoodie had fallen open, the strained buttons of his shirt underneath. His fingers dug into John’s muscled back, held on as if letting go was a death sentence. His hips tilted forward, forcing himself harder into John’s grasp. And his voice… Christ.
“Yeah?” John asked because it was expected of him. His eyes wandered the room in search of the loo.
"I'd be delighted," Sherlock deadpanned with the smile John had silently named 'The Immoral Innocent.'
She gave a satisfying chuckle and leaned in to kiss his cheek. “Yes, you did splendidly! Thank you.”
Sherlock was well on his way to unconsciousness at that point, barely able to conjure up the will to respond, but he did. Perhaps he was dreaming after all, what did it matter?
John backs up until his shoulders slam into the wall, but the man keeps coming, throwing his forearm up to lay across John’s chest, pressing him further into the beige clay.
they did. So why…
Sherlock- "Shut up!"
John glanced over when Mrs. Hudson came back with the biscuits but she waved him off when he turned to help again. He reluctantly looked back at Sherlock, who held his spine erect, patiently waiting for an answer.
“Nice aim,” the man comments as they dive into the car and peel out.
“All right. It smells like iron, not specifically blood, but just the mineral rich sands of the area. Bread, someone was always baking bread it seemed like. Car exhaust was a big one, they’re transportation has boomed in the last decade.” He grins in remembrance of a surprise find during one outing. “Weed. It smells like weed. They grow it everywhere. Opium too, but I only ever saw the marijuana fields.”
“Oh, John, our food!” Sherlock cried out in alarm. He attempted to rescue the spilled Chinese but didn’t get far before his ankle gave way and he cried out, hobbling on one foot.
John stared in confusion. “Client?” He drawled the question, working it out. “So, you’re like…a P.I.?”
"What's the matter with you?" John growled. "If you know what's good for you, you'll come in my hand right this minute."
, John thinks with a smirk.
That was the only reason why he found them; the little white dots on already pale skin, clustered under Sherlock’s inexplicably caramel coloured leg hair. John found his thumb running over them in curiosity; not in confusion, he knew what they were, but out of some attempt to feel the reality of them for himself. Sherlock was eighteen years old, he had no business having these scars. Junkies had these scars, addicts years in the making had these scars. Not brilliant kids just out of Uni, on their own for the first time. His brother had left him alone with a middle aged woman, who habitually smoked weed for fuck’s sake, knowing this. He
“Watson!” A voice called out in surprise.
Sherlock gave a good, if not better, impression when he begrudgingly repeated, “Your son would be much happier if you let him be himself.” He went on to further explain, because apparently it was necessary, “Grades would improve, sports scholarships would come, easing the pressure put on you and your wife to afford Uni, and your relationship with him would vastly improve if he wasn’t so frightened of you.”
"Oh yeah, I'm mad at you, husband. Such a shocking development, never thought you'd do this, yadda yadda yadda."
A knock broke their staring contest, followed by a familiar, “Hoo, hoo.”
It had cooled enough that he could sip easily and found, to his displeasure, that the mint blend was actually quite soothing to his upset stomach. John didn’t need to know that however, so after a few cursory sips, he set the mug back down.
He had to feign polite confusion when Janine leant across the table and asked, "Right, John? The Best Man Speech?" As if he hadn't been eaves dropping.
“I said not now,” Sherlock reiterated.
“How did you-”
A bomb went off in Sherlock’s chest, spreading warmth and chaos. It was decided then. He would keep John.
“If you want it to last or not. I’m pretty much ready to shoot off just looking at you, if you’re going to fuck yourself on my prick, I need to know so I can warn you when it comes.”
The man laughs good-naturedly. “Right, right. Well, let me give you some unsolicited advice,” he finishes pumping, jiggling the handle into his gas tank, and meets John as he pulls his cane from the passenger seat, “if you do decide to start a family, don’t listen to a thing your wife says about ‘non-violent punishments’, okay? Don’t get me wrong, I love my kids, I’d never hurt them,” he looks around before whispering, “permanently. But sometimes what I wouldn’t give to-”
in a striped jumper.
"Maybe..." Molly hesitated to even suggest it but... "Maybe we
"Yeah don't get used to it," she set him down quickly.
“Madame Endora…?” John hesitantly started in confusion, making an arse of himself.
Sherlock choked on his next sip, laughing as John ran for the fridge. “John, c’mon,” he coughed out, “ice will only water it down, it’ll do nothing for the taste.”
“So? It happens,” John strongly defended.
He pulled away slowly and very carefully curled up on his side. John frowned. What had he done? He laid his hand on Sherlock's hip but the man flinched away.  A pit opened up in John's stomach at this horrific turn of events. His instincts screamed at him to flee, to quit the room before he made more of a mess than he already had but he couldn't do that. Not with Sherlock, not about this. He crawled up the bed until he lay beside Sherlock on the pillow and, as cautiously as one would a wounded animal, he brushed the fringe away from his eyes. They were squeezed shut as if to keep John from seeing him.
"What was that?" John asked with a wide grin. "There something there?"
Sherlock waits a beat before looking up. There’s a question lingering between them that hasn’t been fully addressed yet but it can wait. He pulls Sherlock’s head back down to his shoulder and runs his fingers through his hair, feeling the curls slide through like silk.
He mentally calculated how much he could spare and nodded. “Sure. Toffee apples it is.”
He glanced up and away, wondering if he could get to the fridge before John saw the severed foot on the top shelf and remove it before it implicated him. Possibly could, if John wanted a shower.
Molly coughed up a piece of chicken at that. Greg patted her lightly on the back, but couldn't help but grin at the way she blushed from collar bone to hairline.
He gasped for air, shoved himself into the tight grip, dug his toes in, and then threw his head back as he came. The pleasure was indescribably intense and it spread out in waves from his pelvis to his toes and back.
You could have heard a pin drop in the sitting room. John sat absolutely still, spoon posed in front of his mouth, milk dripping off the end, just blinking at the wall.
He quickly scanned over the various scenes John had drawn of them together, more ugly broken hearts throughout again. The drug den, with a small needle sticking out of Sherlock’s arm, Sherlock with X’s for eyes in Magnussen's bedroom, the confrontation with Mary in Leinster Gardens, Sherlock shooting Magnussen, Sherlock leaving on the plane. So many broken hearts. It was a wonder John had even come back after Mary was carted off by Mycroft’s men, if this was what life with Sherlock had done to him.
Without warning John raced around the table in front of the sofa, leapt over the red upholstered chair (
He didn’t ask how the man knew, he didn’t say a word. Apparently, he’d never needed to.
“Oh, you think you’re so clever? How do you feel about this?”
“Oh, yes. Well… Mummy is a mathematician, so I suppose from your perspective, yes, she is a genius. Father… Father is not.” He seemed to think more on it.  “Mycroft is a smug bastard, Mummy is strict, and Father is oblivious. Between the three of them, it’s like my own personal hell. Holidays.” He shivered.
“You’re the one with the lust for violence. I’m just sorry everything didn’t erupt into a melee of baseball bats and broken beer bottles.”
"How do you know it was an accident?" John asks, chewing on a spring roll.
“Yeah, it’s true,” he cut her off at the pass.
“If that was a hint to massage it out, I’m afraid you’re out of luck. I’m absolutely knackered.” He follows this pronouncement up with a dramatic flop, landing half on John.
“Baker Street, two twenty-one,” he snapped at the driver, yanking John in after him. He landed up against the opposite door, and, with a bit of wiggling, managed to get John on top of him.
John glances out the windscreen nervously. “And am I allowed in on this plan?”
“I can’t bloody breathe. Would you let go!” He shoved at Sherlock’s ankles where they were locked around John’s waist.
“Only if I can have one of your pork and honey’s,” Victor replied.
He rushed to fish it back out, deciding instead to throw it into the sink and run water over it.
“I do. I believe you, John. I’m sorry, you can call her a bitch if you want.”
He swept in and scooped the book out of John’s hands. John, looking startled and somewhat guilty, flinched and flung himself back into the sofa. Mrs. Hudson, of course, squawked at him for being rude. He ignored her in favour of escorting her toward the door.
“Beautiful Sherlock, that’s it. Christ, you’re perfect.” John continued to praise as Sherlock came back down, hot, twitching, and spent. He landed in his own ejaculate but couldn’t have been moved even if England suddenly sank into the sea.
"The King...?"
“What kind of shampoo do you have?”
"Hmm," she pretends to think. "Bit campy for my tastes. I've found you to be a nice mix of ridiculous and thoughtful."
“Don’t bother, he’s gone. See?” He pointed down at the body. “Soiled himself.”
When they emerged from the exit it became apparent, as it should have if Sherlock had been paying attention, that John was heading back to his dorm. Of course he’d want to drop off his bag and change first before going out. Obvious.
Molly watched Mary watching Sherlock. Something about her body language was off. But when Mrs. Hudson rushed over to the bar, Molly got distracted and followed.
John found himself tossed aside and, after righting himself, watched in confused horror as Sherlock rushed away. The front door was slammed shut, as well as the side one, and they were both locked soundly.
Sherlock’s eyebrows rose high but then fell again as soon as he realized John was letting him claim victory. His shoulders went back as he straightened in his seat. John had to stamp down on the instinct to grin.
"John Watson,” Sherlock announced with a drawl, “you're thinking about sex."
John didn’t turn to look. “Is he drinking?” Dread coursed through his veins. Technically he couldn’t stop Sherlock from drinking if he chose, he could only stop him if he became belligerent.
Sherlock laughed, his smile lighting his face like Christmas morning. “How about this? You teach this to me and I'll teach French to you.”
John makes his way over and pushes the button for a Coke. “Ta.”
John had to argue that point. “How do you figure that? According to him, he saw right through the sex-hair thing?” He gestured to the now messy bun sat atop her head.
“I’m sure we can get you caught up,” Sherlock responded with a smile.
Sherlock hoped the shadows from the streetlamp hid his knowing smirk as John ducked inside the cab. Once settled, he gave the address and they sped away. It was hard to keep from fidgeting as they moved along, but Sherlock did his best. He could only hope there was actually a case to solve and not just some girl who had become emotionally unstable and attempted a walkabout without bothering to informing anyone.
John shook his head, amused despite himself.
“I told him you called. Says you haven’t called him in months,” Victor replied.
“Hold these,” he said and backed himself in front of John, facing forward, his back to the three steps it would have taken John to escape into the flat.
"None of them were
“Damn right.” John squeezes his hand. “I’m not near done with you. Blow jobs in the shower. I want you to bend me in half in this chair and fuck me until I can’t see straight. Then I’m going to put you over that bloody kitchen table and pound into you till you scream. We’ll wait until Mrs. Hudson is out and then fuck in the entryway, on the stairs maybe…”
“I’m not sure I could,” Sherlock admitted. His brain would surely be too busy going over the day’s events, filing, saving, taking them out to look at again. Not to mention planning for the future. He had to find some way to talk John out of joining the Army, or, barring that, offer favours to Mycroft to keep him from deployment. In all the excitement since the pub, Sherlock had forgotten all about Irene and her newly established cohort, the better class of criminal. Maybe there was something to that, something he could distract John with… Time would tell.
John tried not to let his amusement show but he could feel his cheeks shift with the effort suppressing his grin. His face probably conveyed every bit of
“Only if I continue to tutor the idiots at University.”
His companion runs full tilt for his car but John stops, pulls the borrowed pistol, and takes aim. Before the assailant knows what hit him, John has taken out his right leg, a thigh graze but deep enough to bleed profusely. He falls to the dirt with a dramatic wail.
“It’s atrocious.” He gulped the whole thing. “I love it. Mix me another.”
“The heat is the same,” John notes as an afterthought. “Dry. Uncomfortable to the point of driving you mad. Makes you wonder how anyone came to settle in this sort of climate.”
He easily deduced John was insinuating something about Sherlock’s face being the main culprit in John’s fracture but kept his mouth shut in case he inadvertently caused John to want to hit him again. He wanted John in top form if they were to begin boxing lessons.
The next chapter is coming along, slowly but surely. It'll be the last full chapter for sure. I still haven't decided if I have an epilogue in me or not. We shall see.
John sat up in bed to better see his friend. “No. She got me the job at the café, so we see each other at work a lot. I’ve helped her with some issues with an ex she had. We’ve had lunch together a few times, but dating? No.” It was a simplification of events but the truth was none of Bill’s business.
“Yeah, Andrei Bokarov, his prints were in the system for burglary and assault. Apparently there was no real love lost between the two men, he was just closer at the time Petrov’s call went out.”
“What?” He asked curiously.
He smiled at her and shouldered the rifle, glad it was light, as it didn’t press too deeply against his wounded shoulder. He looked down range at the moving targets, ducks and rabbits respectively, took a deep breath as he memorized their positions, let it out, and then fired.
“Well, what good are you then?” Sherlock snapped from the floor, where he’d laid down fully.
"What the fuck?" John whispered, completely lost.
Before Sherlock could answer, John pushed the door open and muttered an invitation for Victor to come upstairs. They filed into the sitting room, Sherlock rushing to make tea, leaving John and Victor to stare awkwardly about the room rather than at each other. John found himself vacillating between taking his chair and forcing Victor onto the couch or taking the high road and letting Sherlock and Victor sit together. What he truly wanted was to leave altogether but the curiosity was too much. Where had this man come from and why? Who was he really? And what was it about him that made Sherlock fidget like a man out of his element?
He helps Sherlock up and despite the teasing, they’re both popping bones as they stand up fully. Unable to keep from touching each other for the short walk, Sherlock and John hold hands down the hall. Sherlock stops off at the loo to wet a flannel and wipe them down, which John is grateful for, and then they make it to the bedroom to strip and fall into bed.
, you daft git. Your opinion matters to me, more than anything in the world."
"Seven, but that's not the point."
John stared at Sherlock as if he’d suggested John chew up the book and ingest the information that way.
The man looks poleaxed. “You…” He blinks down at the gunman. “You’re not one of Oliver’s.”
Sherlock could feel John’s grin as it formed against his skin; he gently brushed the smile against Sherlock’s right hip bone.
John nodded sagely, though he, in fact, did not see, and handed the bottle back over to Sherlock.
John cautiously made his way up to the spare bedroom. The door was already open when he got there, the tips of Sherlock’s feet just visible in the doorway, one bare, one still wearing the expensive Italian loafer.
He then watched as the realization of the new angle of entry changed Sherlock's countenance. He hummed as his eyes slid closed and his tongue came out to lick at his full bottom lip. John's stomach did flips at the sight. He leaned forward on instinct and licked at the newly moistened skin as well. Sherlock's eyes snapped open and then suddenly they were snogging hungrily, John's hands still pinned to the wood and Sherlock still snapping his hips in a way that should be impossible given the angle. The pace had sped up as they kissed and John was moments away from spending inside his flatmate turned lover. He must have sensed it, because he pulled back enough to pant in John's face and slow the drag of his muscles, just enough to distract.
“Mmm, yes. I suppose by your standards,” he drawled, every inch the country lord John imagined he could one day be.
"So again I ask?"
to have known about this!
A thought, a conclusion, he’d come to in the passing weeks, graced his mind, one that had formed in the absence of the mysterious ‘Victor’ or any other visitors, besides students in and out to get tutored and clients seeking aid.
“Molly? She thinks I’m mysterious… or something, I don’t know. Why? Worried I’ll corrupt an innocent?” Sherlock cocked that damn eyebrow at John, as if he were being strange, which he was.
John stopped his way forward. “What?” He asked warily.
"I would have lasted longer if you had shut up. Mmm," he purred when John grazed his prostate gently. He knew to start out lightly, just a few teasing grazes every third pass or so. Sherlock was so vocal it hadn't taken any time at all to learn what he liked.
He thinks on that. “The sky looks the same, the stars I mean. The sand is finer there, like powder really. It has different vegetation too, obviously.” He takes a deep breath of the sage filled air. “It definitely smells better here.”
“We want to be trapped.”
John glanced up, surprised at the question. Sherlock didn’t seem like the type to care, as evident by his lack of curiosity up to that point. Perhaps they were crossing further into a more normal type of friendship, if that’s what it was.
“To have our fortunes read, of course,” Scarlett answered excitedly.
John gaped like a fish. “How?”
“Did I? Should I keep going or not?”
Sherlock flinched, his shoulders going up high, but didn’t turn around.
Letting John direct the kiss, take the lead, felt so bloody good. The way he tilted Sherlock's head just so, how he coaxed Sherlock's tongue out playfully, every nuance was filed and saved. John tasted like Coke and some strange part of Sherlock found joy in the knowledge that he likely tasted the same.
He gently slid the foreskin back to reveal an already shining head, perfectly shaped and begging to be explored. John smirked at the little abortive thrusts the hips in his grasp made. He moved forward, eyes back up to make sure his friend was still watching, and started off with a curious swipe of his tongue, just around the crown, to discover the taste. Not bad, as expected; salty like sweat but with a nice musky earthiness to it. Quite satisfying, John had to admit. Especially since the recipient’s reaction was one to remember. He lost eye contact when they rolled back and both hands came up to fist his own dark curls. John had to put both hand to his slim hips to keep him from rocking forward too fast. John chuckled a bit but went back down, this time with moistened lips wrapped clear around the head, and sucked. It felt good, even more satisfying than his initial quick taste; a perfect fit. He tested how far down he could take him- about halfway without issue. The rest would be a challenge but he was nothing if not adventurous. John held his breath and forced the gorgeous stranger’s cock further down the back of his throat.
It all made sense now. Why Mrs. Hudson had brought up the bottle of scotch, why Mycroft was suddenly giving Sherlock his freedom. Because he was
He pinched the bridge of his nose as he moved away from the traffic of Marylebone. “I’m calling in that favour.”
“Oh.” John snaps back to attention. He quickly opens the door, takes aim again and shoots out the back two tyres as the driver attempts to come after them.
“If you moved in you could watch to make sure I didn’t.”
"On my glorious hat, he did," she swore, "and it was too precious for words. The idiots, you should have seen them spring apart when I came upstairs. You'd think I'd caught them shagging bare arsed on the sofa."
Sherlock groaned both at the sight in front of him and the praise. He reached up to trace John’s magnificent bullet scar and got his wrist smacked for his troubles.
and if this was the male equivalent, John was a born natural. He was hard pressed to keep his new mate’s hips still beneath his grasp. For the most part he just held on. Without thinking, John snaked a hand underneath and was pleasantly surprised to find a bounty of a backside. He hummed in delight as he went hands-free and used both get two handfuls of delicious arse. The writhing quickened, each hip snap popping the head of his cock in and out from between John’s lips with a satisfying drag. Oh, he knew this feeling, knew the daze this must be sending his new friend into.
Sherlock felt his brow had furrowed in his curiosity, likely prompting John’s question. “Possible case,” he muttered.
John gave a great sigh but kept his opinion to himself. Sherlock was quite a contrary individual, easily doing himself great harm if he believed you were questioning his skills or conviction in some way, and John had learned early on not to provoke the beast.
“No... I… I apologize. Spent my summers in Toulon.” He looked down in a silent plea to proceed.
Of course he was currently surrounded by what seemed like nothing but loving couples, embracing and laughing and generally carrying on in ways Sherlock had never paid any mind to before. Down the carriage sat a couple Sherlock felt particularly drawn to, his eyes locked onto the silent, good-natured battle between the two. Neither of them looked anything like Sherlock or John, but it mattered little; they were simply two men, clearly mock-fighting over appropriate public displays of affection, trading affectionate kisses and sly gropes. The playful back and forth teasing sent Sherlock back into his mind.
Sherlock grunted and allowed John to start them toward the front door.
“Who’s that?” John blurted out, just managing not to point angrily in the bloke’s face.
"You..." John has to swallow against the urge to say something he'll regret, something he’s often found happening more and more. Or the sudden urge to rip the plate of toast from her grasp and fling it into the sitting room. That would go badly.
They stared at each other as the words came to a halt.
Eventually he was deposited onto his bed and rolled out of his coat. His shoes came off next and he had to curl his toes away from the cold air of his bedroom. Around the time he felt John unbuttoning his shirt he managed to find the energy to crack his eyes open again.
John thought Sherlock had come much more prepared to the dinner, if antagonising was his goal.
He seems to get a kick out of this for a moment but then a frown appears. “Unacceptable, John. What if you get hurt? Distractions can be deadly.”
“Look,” John snapped, “if you wanted something else, someone else, you should have told me. We might have been able to work on it. It’s too late now. I’d like to say I’m sorry this happened but… the sad part is… I’m not.”
“I’m going to fucking sick all over the table, I swe- Ow!” John rubbed his floating rib where Laila had punched it. He hadn’t even spoken loud enough to be overheard, he hadn’t thought at least.
"Stop being so bloody good at it then," he replied.
an acceptable reason to stay, wasn’t there? Could he really leave Sherlock to his own devises? Knowing what he was capable of, not just exploding the flat, but possibly doing irreparable damage to his mind… These were
His pillow was most definitely destroyed then, as John took his leave.
“Hmm.” Sherlock paused to process the new information before coming to his next query. “Why would they think we do that? We don’t hate each other.”
"Whatever you want. Something on your mind?"
"If you would stop squirming it wouldn't take so long," he snapped as he did his best to pin Sherlock to the mattress.
"Call down there, find out if he's still on the job but don’t tip him off," Greg told her, he looked at the remaining men, "we'll head up to his flat quietly and see what we can find." Sherlock opened his mouth but Greg put a stern finger up before he could utter the first word. "You stay down here until we've cleared it. I mean it."
“Oh, I-” Sherlock started to say as John took himself in hand, but John interrupted.
. John's hand would fit into Sherlock's perfectly - small but strong. He wanted people to know John had chosen him, was proud to stand beside him.
“Try a bit of tea for me, please.” John handed the mug over, which Sherlock grasped reluctantly.
“What?” Sherlock queried, sudden worry colouring his voice.
Before John could so much as flex his bicep, Sherlock responded, “The street. Yes, strange you should bring that up, the street.”
“John,” he started to say.
“Let me have a look, sit down,” John commanded, easing Sherlock into his leather chair. He dropped with a grunt and glared up at John as if he’d thrown Sherlock down on purpose. John didn’t dignify the look with a response, simply glaring right back, before he dropped into a crouch to see to the wounded ankle.
John frowned. “When you put it like that…”
"I'm serious, I'll fuck you when I'm damn good and-
John’s growing smile melted into a confused mein. “What?”
"You, you imbecile. Hurry up," he growled.
“Snap out of it, you bloody idiot!" Laila screeched at Sherlock, shaking his shoulders.
John’s eyes bugged. He never would have thought-
“I’d like to try fellatio now, is that all right?” He asks.
The horror of their first time not being perfect nearly sent Sherlock into a spiral of panic, but then John whispered, “Can you imagine doing this for the rest of our lives?”
“Landlady, dear,” Mrs. Hudson, herself, corrected as she bustled in.
John made a sort of ‘ah’ face- there was no other way to describe it, but still he didn’t respond. Insulted?
"I...I didn't think that...yes," he huffed and, with a languid stretch, moved his arse closer. John smirked and took the hint.
Sherlock poured himself from the vehicle and made immediately for the van. John stood off to the side, glad it was near dark, since the shadows of the building were helping to hide the erection he hadn't fully willed away since the car ride. Sherlock's head appeared over top of the van and shouted at Lestrade to come. John waited patiently, silently a little worried Sherlock wouldn't be at the top of his game since he had seemed so distracted by their previous activities being ruined. When Lestrade strode back to Sally and told her to send a few men to the nearest corner shops to ascertain the identity of a white male between thirty and forty, who smoked Richmond Lites and only stopped by before eleven am, John's worry evaporated. Sherlock still had it.
John’s fists flexed at his side, and then his left hand came up to point right in Mary’s face. “You listen here. I have never, nor
He cleared his throat and cautiously asked, “If that’s still what you want?”
That was why he placed his hands on either side of Sherlock’s face, tipped his jaw up and softly placed his lips down on Sherlock’s own. He felt the pull of air as Sherlock sucked in a shocked breath, but he didn’t pull away, so that had to count for something. It was a bit selfish of him, if he was honest, because in that moment he wasn’t concerned with Sherlock’s reaction at all. All he concerned himself with was laying a few chaste kisses against those lips, alternatively the top and then the bottom, and then he pulled away with a satisfied sigh.
Sherlock didn’t respond, his posture rigid, his face still immovable. John took the opportunity to run his fingers into those silken curls; a temptation he’d had to avoid on several occasions. How many times had he had to stop himself from bending down and laying a quick kiss on top of Sherlock’s head as he sat in this very chair? How many times had he pulled his fingers away just in time to avoid squeezing Sherlock’s own as he passed him a mug of tea? Curb a smile that felt a little too much like a secret? Small moments that became a mountain.
"Good. I'm glad to see you two settled and happy. Tell her to give me a call when she graduates, she's got a job at my practice for life if she wants."
Sherlock cries out above him, and grabs at John’s shoulders absently. John ignores him and continues to explore the shape of him with his tongue, one hand working the base, the other exploring thighs and stomach and chest. For such a skinny git, Sherlock’s actually covered in muscle. John sucks gently but with increasing speed, letting his fingers trace Sherlock’s bicep, letting his eyes wander as well, to watch Sherlock pant and clutch at John like a lifeline.
“Are you going to help or not?” John snapped as he noted Sherlock leaning petulantly against the shack.
"Yeah, eventually." Greg took another big swig, trying his best to project the movement to John's subconscious. "I can honestly say I never thought I'd see so many klingons in one cell before."
John gasped, "Oh, Christ, I'm going to come."
John ends up being more right about that than he expects.
(See the end of the chapter for
Victor gave a slow smile. “Did you read that or have you been spying on me?”
John growled at that but nodded his reluctant agreement.
John ran to the window and just managed to catch Mycroft hustling Sherlock through the front door. He could hear Mycroft consoling Mrs. Hudson in the entryway, and then the thump of Sherlock running up the stairs.
“I think I’m getting a neck cramp,” John mentions when he tries to turn his head to look at his newly acquired partner.
“Next time,” John assured. “Are you ready?”
“Well, I suppose it was bound to happen eventually.”
“Did you just basically tell me to shut up?”
The constables glanced at each other nervously. “He killed our suspect, sir,” one of them explained.
“Got to run. Um, case.”
“Sugar on the other hand…”
“You’re scaring me now, Sherlock. What’s the matter?”
technique?”
“I can’t keep doing this,” he finally admitted. “It’s exhausting.”
Suddenly Sherlock stiffened and pulled away. John pulled back to see what the matter was but Sherlock’s gaze was turned toward the sitting room. John realized he’d vaguely heard what sounded like a car door but had ignored it in favor of chewing on his flatmate turned hopefully lover.
John cleared his throat meaningfully but the noise flew right over Sherlock’s head. To be fair, they hadn’t had a real ‘study session’ in the last two weeks. Once John had grasped the issue with his way of learning everything had coalesced rather nicely, and he’d finally caught up in his school work. Now they mostly spent their time on cases or generally just hanging out.
“Yes, I know.”
Sherlock doesn’t look impressed with John’s petulance; though, as far as John can tell, Sherlock is just full of it himself.
what I had in mind.”
“I would never.”
At one point John glanced over to see Jenny Sheffield giving him the eye from four seats over. He returned it from over the tops of his sunglasses, but with slight confusion.
“There’s a trick to this, I’ve found,” John mused aloud. “You have to trick yourself at first with a bit of faffing off around the outside, but then after a bit, you know, after you’re relaxed enough, you can slip right in.”
John pursed his lips in amusement as he stirred sugar into Sherlock’s cup. He tried to imagine calling any of his previous ex’s and asking for detailed reports of his blow jobs. Sherlock taking notes on technique… He giggled again.
His eyes immediately fell upon the chair where he’d draped the coat the night before.
“Sherlock, what the-"
“You were a high ranking soldier, in fact.”
"Stop," he commanded seriously. "You need to focus on the case, remember? People's lives at stake? Don't get me wrong, I'm flattered you seemed to have forgotten, but I need you to get your head in the game, those kids need you. Yeah?"
“Sherlock,” he heard John call down from two floors up. He let a diabolical grin dissect his face. Not long now. “Sherlock! What in god’s name are you doing?”
“Simple, crocodiles.”
He didn’t finish but John understood. “What do we do now?” Sherlock nodded. He looked stoic but under that, wary. Not the kind that precluded a tedious trial, the kind that expected rejection. What he was really asking was
“John’s patience isn’t limitless,” Laila went on. “Eventually he’ll grown tired of your hesitancy and he’ll be all mine.”
“Pfft,” Sherlock waved off.
Sherlock smiled slowly, knowing that was the doctor talking just then. He relaxed slowly, rolling his spine, letting his knees fall open.
"You're going to pass out at this rate. Take a deep breath and let it out slowly."
“You need his help,” John finished. Lestrade grunted his reluctant agreement and Sherlock sneered, though neither man was watching to see it. “Is he well enough to move?”
“Fucking Mary,” he growled. “Fuck everyone named Mary to be honest. They’re all slags. Every last one of ‘em.”
John’s first instinct was to run up the stairs but he didn’t want to appear too eager. Sherlock had been a prat on the phone after all; no reason to reward bad behavior with obvious excitement. He took the stairs at a leisurely pace, each step a study in casual ease. It became apparent that Sherlock was playing his violin; at least, he
“Who? Your brother?” John asked, hesitantly.
He grabbed the nearest person- bloke named Simon he was pretty sure, didn't matter- and growled, “Point me in the direction of the largest volume of alcohol in this building.”
Sherlock frowned, a pout really. “I didn’t mean to be. That’s an entirely unfair assessment.”
Was he going for casual? If so, he was failing. Sherlock wasn’t meant to have remembered their first encounter, he had to keep that in mind. Apparently this was John Watson fishing for clues as to his welcome. So what did Sherlock do with this? He wanted to snatch John up right there and snog him senseless, but he hadn’t yet decided if that was a good idea. Being around John, it was thrilling and new and John was a delightful puzzle he’d yet to fully put together, but he was also terrified if he took that step again, they would consume each other. It would be so easy. Not to mention, though he hadn’t the slightest idea about relationships in general, he knew he’d never be satisfied with anything casual with John. And since that seemed to be all John was capable of recently, there was no question that’s all he’d receive. So what to do? What to say?
“Agh!” John heard Sherlock's cry, muffled against the sound of his own pulse, and then suddenly he was free to suck in great lungfuls of air. He was dizzy with the influx of oxygen, so he didn’t quite register that Sherlock had thrown him to the side and had scrambled away until he heard a door slam down the hall.
Sherlock lay back down against the mattress and let John continue to run his hands up his forearms. “Yes.”
John swallowed. Guilt swam up and bit him but he couldn’t be sure if it was in actual remorse for what he’d said or just the fact that he’d been caught.
The first sip went down a hell of a lot smoother than the preceding ones.
“Too right,” he agreed with a quirk of his eyebrow. He glanced at John and took a sip of his tea.
“Why?” Sherlock pouted. He wanted to study it at his leisure and John was being difficult.
“No, you’re not running this time.” John shoved him again. Sherlock growled but John wasn’t fazed. “Do you know what you made that look like? Do you even care?”
Laila shook her head, practically smashing her face into the pillow. “You don't, John, you really don't. He needs you, we both know that much, but he loves you too, I think. I don't know why you two are fighting it so hard."
Slowly, with gentle pressure on his shoulders and hip, John turned Sherlock onto his stomach. He reverently placed kisses in Sherlock’s hair, causing shivers to raise gooseflesh along Sherlock’s back and thighs. Down he went, next kissing wetly at Sherlock’s neck, nipping more gently now but still with that hint of teeth that curled Sherlock’s toes. Next he placed both hands across the span of Sherlock’s back and ran his thumbs deeply into the muscles along his spine, causing a pleased growl to escape from Sherlock.
“No, it’s fine. I…” He trailed off as it became apparent that his light-hearted wardrobe guesses had fallen far left of the mark. “What are you wearing?”
“Oi, you awake?”
“So you want to explain what the hell that was about?”
Downstairs Sherlock and Laila were yelling at one another.
“I mean if your
They went over the lot of the paperwork quickly, only stopping once, when it asked about recent tattoos.
“This,” he squeezed and then swatted the meat in his grasp. “You are unbelievably sexy and I’d like to preserve this moment.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut with a frown.
“To another year older?” John offered.
“John,” Sherlock croaked, not bothering to clear his throat, “what does this mean? Are we… What do we…”
“Yes, well, perhaps someday you’ll simply take my word for it.”
He couldn’t have
"She's my step-sister," she defends as if the idea were absurd. If John didn't have a keen understanding that falling in love with someone didn't always follow the rules of polite society, he might believe her defense.
“What’d you say?” John asked, head cocked sarcastically, daring the man to repeat himself now that John was closing in on him.
“Sherlock,” Irene purred, shoving a middle aged man out of the chair beside him so she could slide in. The man took one look at her, closed his mouth, and walked away. She hadn’t even taken her coat off yet.
Sherlock downed the entire glass in one gulp.
He stood from the table, wishing he didn’t have to use the cane to brace himself. “You shouldn’t have said those things.”
The loo was empty by the time he followed behind, and John only briefly wondered at it. He splashed a bit of water on his face, lightly smacked himself in an attempt to sober up, and then quit the still hopping club.
Molly was ready to dismiss the idea but then it occurred to her...
“Full name?”
After a beat, John tucked him back into his trousers and then crawled up that lanky body. His smug smile became rooted in place as he stared down at the kid’s still shocked face. He looked up at John like John had the answers to all life’s questions.
“C’mon. What makes you so sure?” John pressed.
And just what the hell
Sherlock’s cup was set down with a thunk, sloshing tea off the side and onto the tabletop. John leaned against the door jam again, casually sipping from his still scalding cup, all the while contemplating the best way to get his flatmate’s neck in his grasp.
“Yes,” John drawled with a slightly confused tilt of his head.
John didn’t answer right away. A frisson of unease skated down Sherlock’s suddenly ridged spine. He glanced over to see John standing awkwardly in the doorway, his coat now in his grasp.
“Yes, and without shoes no less,” Sherlock drawled, looking pointedly right back, at John’s socked feet.
“Do you know you sleep with your eyes open? Bit creepy.”
“As I suspected. You don’t like them much, do you? Bit rough around the edges?”
“You… You were saying something before I interrupted you. What was it?”
Sherlock looked like he was going to be ill.
John removed his hands and stared at him for thirty seconds without speaking. “A job though?” He groaned.
“Why?" John demanded, brows furrowed. He was wondering why Sherlock had lied that day, hidden the truth.
Sherlock turned fully towards John. John couldn’t help but note the strain on those hundred quid buttons as Sherlock huffed.
"Mmmhmm,” Sherlock hummed.
“I can’t be both, John. Mammal or reptile?” He looked damned serious, which only set John to giggling again.
“Un huh.” John looked at the skull again, as if checking to make sure it was, in fact, just human bone on a mantle.  “So,
Sherlock’s eyes rose into the stratosphere. “Must I?”
“If you say ‘a mistake’ I’ll sleep in the car,” Sherlock threatens. John had been going to say ‘an accident’ but he shuts up. “As I was saying, I didn’t think I’d have to get to this point, as far as hints go, I thought renting a hotel room together was enough, but…”
Sherlock jumped up, startling John. “Why don’t we play one of those ridicu-”
“About what?” Sherlock answered absently. They turned the corner on the street where Lestrade waited, hands in his coat pockets, at the kerb. Sherlock fished the fare out of his wallet while John scoffed at him.
“That's a first," John whispered back into Sherlock's mouth.
When he heard the cap to the slick being opened, he turned his head enough to send John a questioning look.
But the way he casually traced the rim of his mug with a finger spoke of a different story. John felt the itch to ask more but he didn’t know what, and he also was always on alert for any behavior that might be construed as prying for more than Sherlock was willing to give. If this
John felt the achingly familiar twist of affection in his guts, the one that told him it was perfectly fine if he bundled Sherlock up in his arms and squeezed him to death. A thousand hetero encounters couldn’t kill that feeling, John knew that now, but damn if he was going to stop trying. He couldn’t live with the feeling for much longer; he’d explode first.
“I’m an addict, John,” he snapped back. “I was before we met, during our ridiculously long courtship, and I still am today. Probably will be until the day I die.  If you weren’t going to help with the sex, I shifted the craving. It seemed like a good idea at the time.”
So they ran on in silence, and kept running, even after they were well away, just so Sherlock could see how long John could go before he tired. Might come in handy in the future after all, if all went well. He surreptitiously texted Alex from his coat pocket to grab John’s cane and bring it round. Hopefully he wasn’t going to ignore Sherlock this time, as he hadn’t trained the kid up quite yet; he was mostly still doing favours for the money.
Sherlock scowled, or tried to, as far as his obviously numb face would allow. “Drinking games. Did you want to teach me?”
“What are you doing sexually experimenting at your age?” He asked. “Oh, found the lube.” He set that aside and went back to digging.
the coward?
"Ladies," Sherlock intervened, "is that really the issue we should be debating?"
John couldn’t help the tide of affection that welled in his chest. He tucked a few errant curls behind Sherlock’s ear and grinned.
“Dogs?” He replied. “Really?”
Sherlock grinned happily as John got his trousers and pants down around his ankles. Luckily John couldn’t see it, smashed into the back of the sofa as Sherlock was, but he must have sensed it anyway.
“When it became apparent that you didn't want to seek me out, I sought you out instead." John’s brow furrowed even further, if possible. “You don't need me to tell you to where and what I saw. Do you?"
He marched toward the hall, through the tables that were elevated up from the dancefloor. A quick double check confirmed none of the patrons seated were John either. The hallway was nearly as crowded as the main area, it took a second of scanning but halfway between the exit door and the men’s loo, he found John, crowded up against the wall by a tall black man in a tight green cashmere jumper.
"The Inspector told Sherlock about John."
"Sherlock," John addressed the man without breaking eye contact with Mary, "who is she?"
“Eavesdroppers never hear well of themselves?”
“Don’t you worry about a thing, Mycroft will be pleased to meet you, I’m sure of it!” Mrs. Hudson patted John soundly and quit the room, presumably to retrieve the spare linens.
"Moran was American," Sherlock pointed out. "You can lose the accent. It was a bit flat anyway."
A frown appeared and then John let out an amused huff. “Well, I mean. I should think it were obvious.” Whatever Sherlock’s face was doing seemed to clue John into the fact that it wasn’t, not to Sherlock. “It’s when two people who either simply don’t like each other or are angry with each other have sex despite that fact because the sex is worth it. Sometimes better because of it.”
“Can we wait until I get my hand checked out first? If it’s fractured it wouldn’t do to go and break it further.”
“You know,” John said conversationally, “I had a girlfriend once, years ago, who was a photographer-“
“I said it was behind us, I meant that.” Sherlock went quiet, and John wished he’d called Mycroft sooner. It was obvious he’d missed something important. It stayed quiet for a long moment before Victor spoke up again.
Sherlock mouth quirked again. “You would like me to explain? This all seems sudden to you?”
"John has never been a gentleman with me," Sherlock drawled, generations of smug ancestors with their noses in the air standing behind him.
“Oh, yeah, positively adamant. Kind of in on the whole thing from the beginning,” John admitted.
“Well, yes, quite extraordinary.” John drums his fingers on his thighs and then digs them into the flesh. “So when did you come to the conclusion that I wasn’t your enemy?”
Sherlock nodded. “Lestrade, fire up the golf cart. We’re going for a ride.”
“John,” Sherlock groaned, a warning and a plea both. His hands gripped the sheet in his fists and bit down so hard on his lip that he once again opened the cut there to fresh bleeding.
John jumped, his skin heating to an embarrassing degree at being caught with his proverbial pants down.
He sniffed and set the thing back on the nightstand. What did he care if it was a one off? Who wanted to get entangled with someone who picked up bird skulls in the park and pocketed them anyway? It was weird. The kid was weird.
John was accepting the offer, even after that horrifically awkward misunderstanding? Miraculous. John Watson was a
Sherlock’s spine went ridged at that, as it was wont to do when John mentioned something from ‘the night that shan’t be named.’ John sometimes wondered if Sherlock remembered more from that night than he let on, but what would be the point in asking?
“Yes,” he hisses into John’s mouth and then sets to work undoing belts and buttons and zips.
"Oi, paws off my husband," Mary's voice filtered in past the sound of Sherlock's mutterings.
There was a fine line between stupid and brave, as any soldier could attest, but in that moment he didn’t feel either. He felt content.
, John fervently wishes. The sound serves to remind him that as much as he’d like, there is no chance of getting off in here undetected.
“No reason.”
The kid looked like he didn’t believe him, so John proved his willingness by snatching the bloke by the front of his hooded zip-up and mashed their lips together in an intoxicated mess. It took some doing, but they found a rhythm that went from exploratory to heated to predatory in quick succession. John pushed and pulled until the boy was flat on his back on top of the coats. They were laying the wrong way in the bed but John couldn’t care less. Any apprehension John might have felt went out the window as soon as those full lips met his thin ones. His enthusiasm seemed to gain traction by the second.
A laugh escaped from John unbidden. "Thanks?"
“Would you really?” he asked, interested.
“Kitchen table,” he answered without looking up.
The sound of fingernails scraping on leather was horrendous but John certainly wasn't going to stop what he was doing to point it out.
Sherlock snorted. “Sorry I ever implied I didn’t want you to ejaculate on my chest.”
“There’s a paint chip missing in the shape of Saudi Arabia,” he casually noted.
John wedges his hand between them and palms the granite length pressed against him. Sherlock sucks in a breath and groans, pressing against John’s hand willingly.
John doesn’t laugh when Sherlock rolls his eyes, but it’s a close thing. This bloke clearly has a problem with issuing commands that are already being carried out.
Clara gives a small shrug. "I don't know."
Minutes later, Lestrade and Donovan arrived with the police in tow. Sherlock stood aside and let John and Ms. McCurdy explain the details. Donovan took notes and Lestrade glanced at Sherlock, knowing he was doing his damnedest not to get roped into going to the police station for interrogation.
John almost teases him about his fancy do, but he’s too busy trying to stand on shaking legs to answer. He turns the knob, lets a faceful of steam roll by, before stepping cautiously inside. He makes sure he aims correctly, then tosses the bottle over top of the shower rod. Sherlock cries out at being assaulted but John quickly shuts the door on his complaints, not that he can’t still hear them.
The bottom falls out of John’s stomach. He’s just sexually assaulted the most interesting person he’s ever met. “Oh, god, I’m so sorry, I thought-”
He scoffed and then gave a chuckle. “Well, yeah, obviously. It was extraordinary.”
John, thankfully, stopped but didn’t turn. “What?”
“Just a minute, I’m almost done,” he mumbles, mouth still around his toothbrush.
“Nothing like that. Least not that I know of. It’s just that, I never would have said it before, mate, but I never liked Mary. She was always trying to tell everyone what was what. Always came off a little bit holier than thou, if you know what I mean.”
“So,” John says conversationally as he works, “did you see the painted desert? I saw you at that exit just outside.”
“You know Sherlock. Crime scenes...” John’s voice trailed off and Sherlock knew it was too late. He got to the sitting room just in time to see John and Mrs. Hudson looking down at his open notebook, open to the pages filled with a sleeping John.
Sherlock shuffled uncomfortably. “I rarely partake so there’s really no need for it,” he tried to explain but John chuckled and shook his head.
"Greg!" Molly hissed. She looked around to make sure no one but herself and Mrs. Hudson had overheard. They were pretty secluded from the rest of the wedding party, under a shady tree in the front garden, while the rest finished pictures.
“I didn’t mean to either. I mean, to fall asleep. I didn’t mean to...” As far as defenses went, it was fairly weak.
"Unless that's something you're interested in, and then maybe. Though perhaps it would be best if you got on my back. I'm not sure you could coordinate running with my height and weight-"
John laughed above him. “You’re in the wet spot,” he informed Sherlock, as if he didn’t already know.
“Shut it, you. Let’s just get it over with.”
God, it was probably all true. Every bit. He couldn’t be right about everything else but be wrong about that. But how did John break it off now without it being completely obvious why? He wished he knew more, about how Sherlock knew the things he did, where he’d gleaned the seemingly obvious information right off their clothes or demeanor.
He crushes his eyes shut when a wave of heat works his way up his chest. He can feel the definition of Sherlock’s forearm, the slight sheen of sweat, the grit of sand still stuck to his skin where they’d lain on the ground. It shouldn’t be so erotic, but dammit, it is, it really is. John grips the rolled cuff, and, to the best of his ability given the awkward angle, begins to roll it down.
What would John be like as a romantic partner, with Sherlock particularly? Would they hold hands? Would John shy away from public kissing? Did Sherlock even
"Really?" He looked away in thoughft. His brows came down in confusion. "What is the purpose of that?"
“I suppose if you insist on staying where you are then fine, but where are your extra pillows? You’ve destroyed this one.”
“Yes. Or tactile learning, if you prefer,” he answered softly.
Cory leaned over Jenny’s shoulder and winked.
.  Let Sherlock find the lie, let him figure it out. Then maybe he’d see how ridiculous this whole farce was, pinning Victor in the middle especially (not that John wouldn’t happily smash his perfect aquiline innocent nose given half the chance).
“You’re lucky you were smart enough to keep your finger off the trigger,” he said conversationally. “I could have broken it. Sherlock, tell him to get on the ground.”
He tossed the case onto the table, marched to his bedroom, and didn’t come back out until morning.
“It’s all right if you-“
“I’m sorry. Did you just ask me to move in with you?” John whispered, afraid his voice would break the spell.
“I’ll see you tomorrow then.”
She hesitated a moment. “I’ll just leave it here by the door then.”
Mary's smile stretched even further.
He used his free hand to pull John up higher, kneeling instead of sitting, so Sherlock could reach him comfortably with his mouth. Saliva welled up at the sight of him, so thick, perfectly fitted for Sherlock’s hand. He couldn’t remember ever being this affected, it was truly unprecedented, and he might have liked time to process it fully, but that’s what made it so unprecedented. He didn’t care one wit to wait.
John glances up from under his brow. “Shut up.”
“He wouldn’t have stopped if I’d been charging. Would you,
Hardly inaccurate but… Why was it that Sherlock suddenly wanted to divest John of the attire and not because it was hideous? It was like John had taken his slightly homely attire and turned it on full blast.
John’s pretty sure Sherlock has kicked over the side table next to his chair. Doesn‘t matter.
"You're the one, unnnhhh, ohhh fuck... you're the one who... God, yes!"
There was seemingly too much static for Sherlock to pick up from his position, if his frown was anything to go on, but Greg nodded and told the officer on the other end, "Good job."
He almost said as much but the line went silent and seconds later Mycroft snorted.
“Hmm, perhaps. Someday.”
Outside he stands on the kerb and attempts to flag down a cab. It’s not until a much longer arm reaches out that one stops.
"Yeah, not sure what she's worried about. She'd got miles on...Janine, was it?" He took a casual sip and side eyed John for his response.
“Have a seat, dear,” she suggested absently, waving a pot holder. Though she’d invited the both of them, she wasn’t surprised not to see Sherlock. She knew him well, apparently; knew the bloke didn’t eat enough to keep a bird alive.
Greg waves him off. "No, you don't. Don't look to him to bail you out, just go. If I need anything I'll call you."
“Go away!” Sherlock bellowed back.
John Watson was a kinesthetic learner. He learned by doing; not by sight or sound but by touch. He would make an amazing surgeon one day.
Sherlock grinned and John caught it with his lips again.
“You’re mad at me,” Sherlock deduced aloud.
“Too right.” John thinks about the implications of that and feels a building excitement. “You’re established in London, then?”
“Possibly,” Sherlock hedged, but he was already convinced of its significance. He turned to the roommate. “Where did they meet?”
John swallowed reflexively but didn’t answer, which in turn made Bernard chuckle, not unkindly.
Sherlock then watched as John smiled down at his cock, like he had missed it, like it was a sodding nostalgic memento, just before he ran his tongue up the bottom of it. Christ, Sherlock was done for, done in, done over - some phrasal verb that he couldn’t grasp just then. His mind threatened to fold in on itself, as it was wont to do when he couldn’t handle a given situation, but he forced himself into the present. He’d be damned if he missed out on the glory that was John Watson laving at his erection like he could glean the answers to his year-end finals from it.
Sherlock straightened up to his full height at that. John mirrored the move, whether unconsciously or not.
“Now you get over here and pull the piece of carbon fiber out of the cuff of my shirt,” Sherlock whispers, turning so his back is to John, his cuffed hands out.
Sherlock glances over at John. "Haven't read it yet."
Instead of the middle aged gypsy woman John was expecting, there sat a younger, quite posh bloke in a bespoke suit, sans tie, with his feet up on the empty table. He was lovely- strangely handsome in a way that wasn’t classic or obvious but was quite simply striking, with his nearly translucent marble skin, black curls that begged to be tugged, and what appeared to be blue but could possibly be green eyes that followed like a hawk. His cheekbones were positively ridiculous but John still itched to touch. One certainly wouldn’t forget a face like that. And he sat with such an elegant grace that even in stillness you felt immediately that you were intruding on royalty.
“But why did you say not to come find you?”
So bloody proper. Sometimes John hated the reminder of how many stations Sherlock was above him.  He could truss the words up all he liked, all John heard was: ‘If you could not sully a perfectly decent boxing lesson with your untoward advances, that would be great.’ Didn’t matter that John hadn’t meant to do anything untoward, it was still apparently a forbidden avenue. Yeah, all right, he’d had a wide on the whole time but that was… it was… well there wasn’t really a valid excuse for that. He was excited. But the reminder that Sherlock was off-limits still stung. He wanted some way to convince Sherlock that he’d gotten better since their last encounter, if that’s why he was no longer interested. Or if he was upset over what they’d done while Sherlock was high, he would love the chance to apologize, at the very least. But what did he say after having been told Sherlock had deleted the entire affair? Knowing that blow jobs ranked up there on Sherlock’s list of unneeded information alongside tabloid celebrities and how to run a vacuum, it was a blow to one’s self esteem.
“Let’s allay some of this confusion, shall we?” He held his hand out casually, as if touching bare skin meant nothing at all. John hesitantly took it. “Mr. Holmes, at your service.”
Sherlock smiled serenely as John hastily painted his reddened arse white.
Sherlock didn’t care, Mrs. Hudson couldn’t see them like that. She’d get the wrong idea and never shut up. He desperately tossed his sleep wear off and traded it in for the standard, solidly comforting, suit. John grumbled to himself in the sitting room, words vague but obviously complaining of his decision to drink the night before. Hopefully he’d be hazy on the details on how he’d been woken up.
didn’t kidnap her, if that’s what you’re thinking.” He frowned when John did. With a huff he threw himself forward and marched off toward the loo.
Greg had to wrestle the stun gun from her as she continued to hammer the little button with glee.
John smiled, a feral thing, one he’d gotten smacked more than once for giving his sister. His index finger came up slowly, Sherlock tracking its progress as it came to a stop at his diaphragm. His eyes met John’s, pleadingly, but John wasn’t deterred.
“I see,” Sherlock mumbled. “I feel peaceful. Thank you.”
By the time Sherlock returned it was after sundown. A car pulled up outside and yelling could be heard through the window.
