The restaurant was certainly a bit fancier than what Anna was used to, for lunch. Elegant draperies swooped from a high vaulted ceiling, and the chairs were upholstered in rich crushed velvet; a live string quartet sat on a raised dais in one corner and sent delicate strains of music across the space.
He knew he should be used to these evenings, by this point. They had been going on throughout the time he'd known Sherlock, although he hadn't always been aware of their regularity, or of what they entailed. These days he understood more, enough to vaguely picture what was happening; having an explanation should have made it less unsettling, on the whole.
Whenever an occasion came around, John's cycle of reactions followed a predictable routine—shock at the passage of time, anxiety over his lack of planning, consternation, mild panic, disappointed resignation. Too often, he found himself stumped, standing in the centre of a busy shop and hating it all the more for not knowing what he wanted. And though he managed to pull it off, more often than not—or, at least, the recipients of his more awkward presents never seemed to react as badly as he expected—John continued to place undue pressure on himself, every time.
"Oh! That'd actually be great, I was hoping we'd have the chance to do that soon. Where did we put those measurements we took a few weeks ago, did you keep them?"
Alone once more, John moved in the opposite direction, intent upon revisiting the candle vase he'd earmarked for Miriam. As he went, he replayed the highlights of the encounter with a faint sense of bewilderment. Before long, he remembered the book he'd been given to purchase; pausing, he read the words embossed in gilt on the fine ochre-coloured leather of its binding:
Sherlock declined to take the obvious bait. It wasn't a topic that warranted discussion, at the moment. Lestrade was what Lestrade was...and he'd already decided that was good enough. Concrete terms were superfluous.
The man on the other end laughed, a smooth and resonant boom, and with that she knew exactly who'd called her. "Thank goodness! I asked Fran for the number earlier, but it'd be just my luck if I copied it wrong."
"That's my Greg," she said approvingly, standing to take her plate to the sink; the wine glasses and dessert plates from the night before were still waiting there for her attention. "And you've
To his further surprise, Mycroft gave a low chuckle at the joke. "You really ought not to believe everything my brother tells you about me, John."
Greg didn't have much to dispute John's tirade. He'd witnessed similar behaviour from his wayward consultant numerous times, over the years, and it had certainly made him feel angry and protective. Still, none of that quite measured up to the possessive fury of John as a boyfriend, apparently.
"Sherlock," Lestrade greeted him, with some surprise. He wore jeans and a faded green cotton jumper, its sleeves shoved carelessly up past his elbows, and his hair was mussed. "What brings you by? Sorry, did I miss a text?"
After a minute of silence, the doctor spoke again, muffled slightly as he swallowed. "You should have ordered something, you know."
Brian shook his head, grinning. "You know that the way to my heart is through that burger of yours, Hugh. I just can't stray from my true love!"
Greg blinked, eyes wide. "That sounds horrid, love. You should have called! I've tried to tell you, I won't mind."
Sherlock exhaled through his nose, long and slow, before speaking. "You seem to operate under a different definition of 'need' than I, John."
"Can, but help would be nice. Careful of my arm—ah!—" His bitten-off exclamation was echoed in almost the same moment by Greg at the other side of the room.
Even working with one mostly useless arm, Greg was able to make far quicker work of John's knots with the advantage of facing them: perhaps only twenty or thirty minutes elapsed while he cursed and picked at the rope. Rubbing gratefully at chafed wrists, John glanced at his watch—half past two in the morning; they'd left the lab at Barts over five hours earlier.
"Ah, Sally. Sweet of you, trying to emulate our old balance, but I already know you're really just concerned for us."
"I know." Smiling sympathetically, she got up from the sofa and walked away to the kitchen; Anna heard the clink of bottles or jars as Liz rummaged for something in the new refrigerator.
"I've got no objection to your going without me," he told John instead, gauging his tone based on its resonance against the hearth wall.
The strangeness that still lingered for them both, that John still sensed beneath the casual commiserations of their phone calls, came down to guilt, as far as John could tell. Greg had no part of the blame for what had happened to them both, of course; John shouldered that on his own. He'd hoped it would ease now. The counterfeiters' ring was busted; one of the two goons had given information during questioning that had ultimately led Sherlock to the contact in France. Their injuries were healed, all the reports were filed away, and even John's sleeping had settled out for the most part. So the whole thing was over and done with.
Greg swallowed around his big bite and washed it down with a swig of coffee before answering. "Yeah, it was about one thirty, I think. I'm glad you had a nice evening here, though. I would've loved to bring you along with me, but..."
"Don't you try to downplay it," Sherlock scolded him, carefully manoeuvring John's shirt off over his right arm; the swelling of the severe contusion was only just beginning to lessen, and the bruising was extensive. "Obviously you're still in quite a bit of pain. Even if I couldn't see
John let a sip of the whiskey linger in his mouth, warming his throat as he swallowed it down slowly.
. And in the next six weeks, you think that I'll be able to find a reliable tenant, someone who's willing to deal with a landlady on the other side of the ocean?"
"You mentioned it once," John hummed, clumsily shuffling himself around. "You were seventeen or so, right?"
The face he made while trying to sort it out was clearly amusing; John chuckled, but he quickly gave in and explained. "We were at the Yard because he'd promised to bring her the results from his last tests. Sherlock and Sally seem to have really changed their dynamic, since last week. They practically get on like mates—I'd never have believed it! But you've been so busy, with everything, I guess you haven't gotten in the room with both of them at once, yet."
Shaking his head to clear it, Sherlock stood and firmly reoriented his concentration to the wall, the data, and the case at hand. He'd given this matter five full minutes of his attention, and now it was time to focus.
But even limiting his consideration to the very small circle of people who had proven themselves truly important in John's—and Sherlock's—lives, there was no set precedent in regards to the attendance of frivolous celebrations. Invitations to all sorts of events came to them regularly; none of
that it's about me and Greg, and I'm certain I'd still be in love with him no matter what the rest of the situation was. But...I feel like, if
"More, or less, relaxing than micromanaging a third-world coup?" asked John, raising an eyebrow in disbelief at the thought that
It was a bit mischievous of me, maybe, letting myself into the flat today. But I wasn't lying about my hotel room's lack of floor space.
Surely these men—presumably the counterfeiters they'd been after—wouldn't simply leave them where they were. The fight had knocked both him and Greg out, but neither of them had been injured all that horribly; left to their own devices, maybe they could eventually get free? Draw attention?
He released a deliberate breath and looked over, saving one more image of John's gentle face gazing at him against the backdrop of the sunlit skyline, and filing it away for reference.
time he'd scathingly assessed a stranger's personal habits on the Tube, three people had filmed him on their mobiles and posted it online. Notoriety did have its disadvantages.
The plane touched down about thirty-five minutes late, having been inexplicably delayed in a circling pattern long after the safety belt sign had blinked on. This time, Anna kept a sharp eye out for surprises as she strode purposefully away from the customs line. No warm, strong arms flung themselves about her shoulders, and no startling burr-edged voice husked unexpectedly at her ear—it was admittedly a
"How long has it been since the last time you did this?" she asked, smirking. "No, wait, let me guess. She did all the planning, and you just put on a suit and showed up when you were told?"
, to speak these words now: words he couldn't have imagined ever giving voice, when last the faces of the Runnell girls looked out from the sitting room wall.
Greg swallowed, and tried to put on a reassuringly confident smile as he stirred. Surely, nearly four months was plenty of time to get everything sorted out? Though now that Anna mentioned it, his memory of the lead-up to his first wedding was mostly a blank...
"No, you wouldn't." Her smile was small and sharp, but not unkind. "I'll tell the Inspector you were by."
"All right, yes," she was saying to someone as she came back to him. "Honey, we're going to have to do the phone-passing thing for a while before I get you all to myself. Do you mind?"
"Thought you stuck the paper in your notebook, with the sketches? Maybe I left it over here, though, I'll look..."
. You couldn't have expected him to simply drop her like a hot potato, the minute he'd been told? It doesn't work like that."
He barely registered the response behind him, beyond a vague sense that, without a doubt, John would follow; his thoughts were spinning madly once again, railing in shocked confusion against the dichotomous treatment he'd apparently chosen to give the events of his travels.
John squinted in the bright light of the plain room, glaring up at the sneering face of the blond man who'd nearly broken his arm. "Sorry, mate," he grunted, "I'm just not following..."
"What is it with you Lestrades, anyway?" she teased him. "Everyone in your family, you're all world champions in moping and grudges, near as I can tell!"
Sherlock turned toward his companion, gladly taking the offered opportunity to study the planes and angles of his best friend's face in thought. As he watched, he became aware of slight movements, ripples of subtle expression that passed gently over John's features, one after another.
"Thanks, Mrs Hudson. It's lovely to see you, you look well..." He leaned obligingly over to let her kiss his cheek, and put up only a mild protest when she insisted on helping him off with his coat, smiling politely as she tutted in sympathy at the immobilised arm beneath it.
New Year's Day had been bright, sunny and practically warm: a promising omen for the year ahead, if one went in for such ridiculous folkloric views. Within an hour after sunset, however, the temperature had dropped drastically from its six degree high. As Sherlock followed his partner up the walk to Anna's small concrete patio, he saw a slight shiver run through John's frame.
Listening intently, he detected faint strains of music through the door, and then the high, tinkling edge of Anna's laughter; at last, Lestrade's heavy footsteps hurried toward the front room, accompanied by a laugh of his own.
? You know as well as I do the sort of shit Sherlock gets himself into when he goes off looking for bloody trouble on his own! Does Jeff Hope ring a damn bell?"
It was a very nice flat—that was undeniable; he wouldn't have listened to Sherlock's meddling suggestions otherwise—but it wasn't
Greg was the first one of them to gather his wits about him to speak. "So, you can thank Sally for sending me home; I nearly missed making this call."
Sherlock's jaw gaped briefly open before he straightened, glancing around as he collected himself. The developments of the previous evening were significant, certainly—but considering their shared history, public display of affection was
"Sounds great, but we've plans here in London for Christmas Eve. I've already made our promises, so please pass my apologies on to Fran. If you don't mind us coming up in the afternoon, though, Christmas Day?"
"Sherlock?" He peered down the hall, but the bedroom and bathroom doorways were open and dark, just like the sitting room on his other side.
After Sherlock had exhausted Anna's patience for bones and preserved beetles, they enjoyed a pleasant hour in the Music Gallery. As he'd expected, she found the incredible variety of historical instruments a fascinating diversion, especially the many predecessors to the double reeds with which she was most familiar.
"No. Wrong sort of pain. Don't think my nose is, either. The rest all feels like simple contusions. You?"
His perception still sharpened to an ultra-fine point, Sherlock experienced the celebratory toast as if in slow motion. He observed Lestrade leaning forward to join in, grinning around the table at his friends with an unashamed sparkle in his eyes. He saw John tilt his head toward the older man, parting his lips in a more reserved smile that was no less genuine: it pulled deep, friendly creases into his cheeks as he raised his own wineglass. And, finally, he considered Anna—artistic, loyal, sharp-witted, utterly
, see? I knew it! He narrowed down the particulate origin while I was gone, after all, and didn't fucking bother waiting for me. Here's the address, right here!"
Dipping his head towards the other man in a conspiratorial gesture, but keeping a heartfelt expression on his face, Sherlock continued, "This investigation is in the interest of a friend of ours; she's been drawn against her will into the matter of a recent murder in Bridgeport, and I have reason to believe her safety is at issue. The more quickly I can track down the group behind this, the better."
"I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. Like I said. I get sappy around Christmas, okay? We can just leave it at that. You're not required to reciprocate, in terms of anything I've said."
Sherlock opened his eyes to meet John's concerned gaze. Swallowing the mouthful of coffee, now only lukewarm against his throat, he lowered the mug he still held before his face. "Yes."
Finally, they took a turn through the nearest of the museum's multiple gardens, starkly picturesque despite its winter dormancy. At the end of their brief walk, Anna drew him back inside to the café. They seated themselves at a small table; Sherlock cradled a squat porcelain cup of tea between his chilled hands, while Anna worked on demolishing a green salad.
Anna chuckled as she sent off the teasing message and set the phone down on the carpet behind her. She sat cross-legged on the floor in the spare downstairs room, with half-emptied boxes and piles of threads and paraphernalia scattered all around. Greg had set this room aside for her creative work; eventually, once things were situated better in here, they planned to move the old sofa bed to this room, and choose a larger, more comfortable piece for their living room. But first, Anna needed to get a handle on her mess.
"Yes and no? It's complicated. I think it'll be good for him, to be out of the Met; he'll be able to give 'Laney the attention she needs, for one thing, and that'll do wonders for him. He's a fine copper, but he doesn't thrive on the stress—"
"I just wanted to know if you needed anything—I was on my way to the kitchen," she said, too casually.
He shook his head, already stepping behind them to take the pull-handle for Anna's case. "It's no more than I expected," he chuckled. "Welcome back, Anna. Are we ready to get down to the baggage claims, or do you two need another minute?"
"Oh, it's got later than I thought," John yawned. "Sorry; I'll bet you're eager to have the sitting room to yourself..."
"Well, for starters, I don't think we've gone more than a half hour all weekend without touching. Whatever we're doing, we just stick close like we're glued together! I even ate breakfast this morning left-handed..."
He nodded. "It was more about remembering our early days. Y'know, back when we were all young and stupid."
"All right. Go with me for a second here...imagine, if you didn't have to worry about the taxes, or the upkeep, or the utility bills. If it all boiled down to
"Look, I'm used to this; but the fact remains we're guests, tonight. It seems like Anna went to a lot of trouble here, and I'd really rather you not upset her."
Now, as she settled in for what promised to be a pleasant conversation, she began to realise it wasn't so strange, after all.
," Greg hissed, staggering backwards away from the door, and tripping over the bucket with another dreadful clatter; John rushed to his side to steady him as the door was unlocked and thrown open.
A tiny sound followed his quiet admission as Lestrade sucked his teeth; Sherlock buried his hands in the box and came up with a soft, fluttering expanse of thin cotton.
to catch sight of me and decide I'd be the perfect bloke to attack? No, Sal. John and me, we were out on a limb, and we got ourselves in trouble like the worst sort of rookie idiots! You'd like to paint us as the victims in this, I know, but it was
Sherlock stayed for another hour or so after that; they returned to the task of sorting out boxes, or at least Lestrade did. Sherlock mainly amused himself by lounging nearby and spouting deductions about the items Lestrade unpacked, while Lestrade pretended to grumble about his not helping.
remembered terribly much of it. When they'd dropped him at his flat just after sunrise on Friday, he'd dragged himself straight to bed and stayed there until four the next morning, stirring only for physical necessities and his scheduled doses of painkillers.
Anna laughed, pleased, when he reached the end of the brief tale. Before she could get more than a few words into the recap of her own day so far, someone interrupted her, and she spoke away from the phone for a moment.
Back came the dazzling smile, even white teeth in a perfect line across Brian's tanned face. When she'd first met him, Anna had thought it a bit off-putting—a salesman's layer of smooth artifice covering over what her eyes still saw as Greg's features, turning them into something disturbingly insincere.
of a time getting it into my flat! Almost snapped a cherub’s head clean off. Theo was out of town; just bad timing, I guess, that there were no strong men available to press into service."
They lapsed into companionable silence again; Sherlock stepped over to the window, clasping his hands behind his back as he peered idly down towards the narrow street behind the building. The rolling clang of the cabinet drawer shoving closed, a minute or two later, nearly obscured the quiet chime of the phone in his coat pocket, but he heard and retrieved it.
Anna looked around at the other passengers she could see, tops of heads tipped together in inaudible conversation or propped on little pillows. The woman in the window seat beside her had begun to snore softly.
"Goodnight," he returned with a grin; as Anna's voice approached in the background, he finally cracked open his bottle, entirely relieved to have turned the conversation around.
The firefight was over within three seconds; in the ringing aftermath, John looked up to see familiar figures shoving through behind the small crowd of response officers.
When the lights went out, John stared bleakly up at the ceiling, waiting for his eyes to adjust. Sherlock shifted and fidgeted beside him, kicking irritably at an errant fold of sheet beneath the covers before stilling all at once.
"Yeah, a couple times. She came to mine and helped clear out my spare room, last year, and a few weeks later I went and helped her out with a DIY project. We got together for pizza and a Mission Impossible movie marathon, another time; Theo had his brother in town, that was a fun night. Why, did she ask you over? It's not hard to get to from here..."
Said meeting was unsurprisingly tedious and redundant, instructing all of the department's inspectors on end-of-year review policies that hadn't changed significantly in the last four years. Afterwards, he shut himself into his office with a fresh cup of coffee and pulled the unfinished review forms from his drawer with a guilty sigh.
John had no real talent with language. He remembered a bit of Pashto and a few fragments of German from his RAMC days, but otherwise he was hopeless. Turning to Greg, he whispered, "They're fighting in French. I can't get a word of it."
are the worst! You know how I worry." Anna grimaced and shrugged. "Anyway, that stupid nightmare was hardly the most noteworthy feature of my week. The fridge broke down on Friday, and I had to replace it. Nine hundred dollars and a load of new groceries,
, of course, but he received the benefits of it without a second thought, leaving John to repeat his silent mantra of gratitude as he followed along.
The child was released, and a strange series of incidental noises followed as he made a slightly meandering progress towards his goal. Occasionally he said or sang something mostly incomprehensible, and at least once he dropped the phone entirely.
She was silent as she held the door for him to pass, gathering her thoughts as they crossed into the little shop. After she'd located and made her way over to study the display of souvenir musical instruments, she spoke once more, directing her soft words towards where Sherlock stood a pace behind her left shoulder. "You're right. What I'd wanted to say wasn't about Greg, or only part of it was, anyway. I wanted to thank you for becoming a friend to me. Making the decision to leave behind everyone and everything I knew, to start over far away...well, love or not, I might not have been able to bring myself to do that, without knowing I would have a friend like you here."
Shaken, Sherlock lowered the crystal as Anna and Lestrade came back in to serve dinner. His skin suddenly felt too small, somehow, and his throat was tight; he was painfully aware that if any one factor had changed, the man seated at his side would never have received the confession of his sentiment, and would most certainly not have brought himself to admit reciprocal feeling. Recalling the tension and animosity that had been so frequent between them since his return, he doubted the likelihood that the situation could have improved much on its own. He and John had actually been interrupted in the middle of a vicious little row, on that afternoon in September—John had snatched up the files for Lestrade and stomped downstairs with them to get away from Sherlock, and had certainly not planned to bring guests upstairs.
John tensed under Greg's hand, and a split second later the sound of his phone's text alert trilled. It seemed loud as a scream, echoing in the closely walled space. Wincing, John pulled it from his pocket and looked down; standing so near, Greg could see the message as John read it:
John couldn't really hear any of this quieter action from where he was. As his friend concentrated intently on listening, he got to his feet and began to pace back and forth, trying to stay limber and push back the fog of fatigue that threatened to overtake him. At the far end of his fifth circuit, he turned just in time to see Greg shifting his seated position to look through the opening again.
John moved the wineglass from his own place to Sherlock's. "I'm not saying you have to load up your plate, or put on an act...just, she likes you an awful lot. It'd be nice if you were present," he reasoned softly, reaching over to retrieve and pour the fourth glass for himself.
"What?" Tapping the lift call button, Greg peered down at the received message his friend was showing him. "No, I sent you that ages ago. You just got that? I thought you were calling me, before, to respond to it!"
." The sound caught and scratched in Sherlock's throat; he cleared it with a quick sip of tea and tried again. "No. Not—not particularly. I'd thought—perhaps there was—" Words threatened to fail him once more, and he gestured impatiently with his free hand to spur himself on. "Something I'd failed to do. Or not done well enough, as a romantic partner."
"Andy." At Anna's look of surprise, she tilted her curly head to one side. "What? I'm not wrong, am I?"
"Beaux really did it? We thought he alibied out!" exclaimed Greg, flipping through pages of numbers and charts.
Dinner came from a microwaved tray; there was nothing good on television, but Greg eventually found a documentary on marine biology. He left it on for the comfort of calming voices while he stubbornly forced himself to unpack one of the boxes in the kitchen. Not another morning would go by without the use of his favourite frying pan...that decision was final.
A tiny spark of warmth flared somewhere in Anna's chest; yes, she'd asked both Molly and Sally to be her bridesmaids, and she knew them to be friends. But her decision to include them in the wedding had been more for Greg's benefit, really—asking any but her very nearest and dearest to travel overseas had seemed unworkable, and it would have been unfair to ask her fiancé to leave his own close friends out for the sake of an even representation. He'd already narrowed the field to three; that was few enough.
"I like her too," he finally answered his partner, bringing the fine cut crystal up before his face to peer through it introspectively.
Greg took his time in the shower, letting the heat soak into sore muscles and bruised flesh. Afterwards, he wrapped himself in his grey flannel robe to brush his teeth. He was enjoying the free feeling of having the immobilising sling off his arm after the long workday; he wasn't about to be doing anything active, so he decided to leave it off until he was ready to go to sleep. Tossing the hated thing over a corner of his headboard for later, he climbed into bed and sat cross-legged, propping himself against a few stacked pillows. He tucked the front of his robe closed, arranged the blankets over his legs to his satisfaction, and ran a hand through his damp hair. Then, with a glance at the alarm clock, he dragged over the laptop he'd left on the bedside table and opened it on his lap. It was almost ten, and he still had one more obligation for the evening.
John didn't respond directly to him; instead he began to muse aloud in a hushed and angry voice, pacing down the centre of the alley with his friend close at his heels. "He's got to have come this way. I just have to think like
Just standing there making a cup of tea in his pyjamas and dressing gown, like he’s just got up, and it’s not a late and dismal afternoon/almost evening in early February.
John returns from the loo with the first aid kit, shuts off the water, and takes Sherlock’s hand in both of his to examine the cut.
He’s angry because he’s spent weeks trying to convince himself he deserves this happiness, deserves this relationship, only to have some near stranger dissemble the whole rickety structure with a few well-placed comments.
He’s never felt like this: desperate, wild, willing to do or give anything if only he will touch again—there again.
“And sometimes I wonder if I really loved her for her, or if I loved us, her and me, you know—everything that meant to me, everything we were supposed to be.”
“It’s something I’m going to say because I need you to know it, and I need you to know it because—you matter to me.”
He slides one hand from John’s back, around to rest against his hip, just pressing the tips of his fingers between their two bodies.
He pulls back a little, trails his nose over the prickling skin of Sherlock’s gluteals, licks once, and then sucks down hard over one cheek.
But he’d promised Sherlock to do a thorough job, and he might not be much use to anyone anymore, but god damn it, he’s a man of his word.
John glances toward the door, toward the windows, looking out for unseen eyes even in the utter privacy of their hotel room.
John nods, his smile spreading even wider, and looking just a little wicked, Sherlock thinks.  “I’m not the only one who keeps track of Mrs. Hudson’s days out with Mrs. Turner, you know. We’ve gotten up to things the last four times.”
John hurries out, locks the car door behind him, and walks around to the passenger side only to find Sherlock leaning back against the car, face in his hands.
“Maybe because he genuinely wasn’t interested and it was easier, or maybe—maybe because he was just as scared I as I was; scared to risk so much, scared it wouldn’t be wanted, scared because so much of it was new.”
Sherlock was an essential operative, and Mycroft was smart enough to know that the truth would have compromised him.
It occurs to him that perhaps he should apologise, but that might lead to John gloating, and getting ideas, and that just wouldn’t do.
It’s clearly the one thing John is desperate to feel control over now, and he has cared for his body these last few months, with a precise, almost military attentiveness, his daily ablutions always completed at the same time, in the same order, his physical therapy exercises executed with a fierce commitment and determination that has awed and even worried Sherlock at times.  Even his diet has been adequate, but limited.
Sherlock jerks a little at the sudden increase in volume, and he does catch himself this time, unfortunately so does John.
The scent, the sight, the sound of him floods all of Sherlock’s senses at once, heady and intoxicating.
The room falls into silence, nothing but the sound of the soft rain outside on the window pane, and the scratch of Ella’s pen on the pad in front of her.
It’s foggy, and starting to mist lightly as he hobbles out of the Lost Property office and onto Baker Street.
Sherlock’s eyes slide shut, and he makes a soft whining sound at the back of his throat that sets John aflame.
John pries open the box of dumplings and stabs a set of chopsticks inside, before walking over and stuffing it under Sherlock’s nose.
Her voice and manner are gentle, and she has a lot of videos where she just sits and reads books in front of a crackling fire.
“If you’re saying you would like to initiate something right here, right now, I think you should know that you would meet with absolutely no objection.”
Besides, it’s gotten rather cold out, and the sun will be down soon, and he has the sort of lethargy one gets after a very busy day is followed by a very lazy one.
Sherlock moans again and surges against him, his mouth crashing into John’s tongue tangling, tasting.
Not awkward exactly, but still, laced through with a sort of undefinable tension that went beyond the obvious that their mutual states of unsatisfied arousal would suggest.
John Watson is a mystery, a great, beautiful, awe inspiring riddle Sherlock knows he could happily spend his life examining.
Now the adrenaline’s warn off, he’s feeling the effects of their mad dash earlier, almost as much as Sherlock.
He longs to be able to see John’s face, to read every tiny nuance of emotion, but at the same time he knows it would probably be too much—for both of them.
Sherlock uncurls as best he can, peeks through an already swelling eye and sees John with the great hulk of a man pinned to the pavement, the man’s leg bent at an unnatural angle at the knee, his arm twisted behind his back, and John’s free fist, pummelling him about the head with what is probably unnecessary force.
He’s fucking worried that he’s misread everything they’ve been doing, that meeting, finally meeting face-to-face, was a mistake.
However, I would be remiss in my professional duties if I didn’t at least mention the fact that repeatedly exposing yourself to dangerous, life-threatening situations, though it may make you feel more alive in the moment, can exasperate the very things you are trying to heal.
John’s head simply rests against his back for a moment or two, as he breathes, waits for his heart to calm, and his pulse to slow a little, and then he starts to kiss him, soft, tender kisses stringing slowly down his spine, his hands following in their wake, fingers brushing over damp, sensitised flesh, feather-light touches that burn like fire against his skin.
The door between the loo and his bedroom slides open, and John just stands there, leaning against the door frame.
That Sherlock trusts him enough to get all the way to this point without any real clarity on what may be asked of him—it stuns John.
He’s been there, the sort of full body grief that once it begins just seems like it will never stop.
John thinks about Sherlock’s brother, what he’d said about Sherlock not having any friends, thinks about fucking Sebastian Wilkes and his comment about everyone hating Sherlock at school.
Please note that this chapter got a little sexy, and so I've raised the rating of the story from Mature to Explicit.  If that or the added tags mentioned below are not your cup of tea, feel free to skip.  I will always mention in the author's notes if a chapter is going to be explicit.
When he finally appears after slowly limping his way up the stairs, Rosie scrambles to her feet, and rushes to greet him.
She sucks in a breath like she’s been punched in the gut, and casts Sherlock such a look of pure, lethal, rage that he feels John shift his weight beside him, tense and ready to spring into action if necessary.
He agrees that diagnoses can be restrictive, the product of small minds and limited ways of thinking.
The water runs slightly red, and Sherlock wonders if maybe he did it on purpose, cut his finger so that John would have touch him, have to take onto/into his body, little bits of Sherlock’s.
John pushes down the panic he can feel blooming in his chest, a deep-seated, feral thing, born of childhood warnings from his nanna, and stories of exorcisms from the local priest who had been a bit of a nut, and had been shipped off to the northern most tip of the Hebrides by the time John was in second form.
And John is tingling all over, his skin burning just like Sherlock described, and he’s half hard and trying not to worry about it.
He watches John turn on his heel, and walk a short way down the sidewalk, hand raised for a cab, sees a cab slow and merge into the lane closest to the kerb.
“Understand that we have no control over what will happen if MI5 takes a serious interest in this case.
He reaches down into his suitcase and grabs a pair of socks, and sits on the edge of the bed to put them on before crawling back under the covers.
more people on his list of unavoidable obligations this year than last. Anna certainly would be no problem—theirs was a fairly casual, low-contact friendship, and he could tell she would genuinely appreciate nearly any small token from him. No, it was the Holmes family who gave him serious pause. Mycroft was a potential issue; John no longer really harboured ill feelings towards him, but he'd done so for years, and they both knew it quite well—and besides, the man was obviously picky and a master of the passive-aggressive comment. Then there were his parents. John had only just met Miriam and Cliff that April, but they'd welcomed him readily and acted as if they'd known him far longer...and now he and Sherlock were obligated to attend the family celebration on Christmas Day, out at the Holmes country home. The very idea of it seemed so against Sherlock's general principles that it was sure to be disastrous, but they were going, and John knew he needed to be prepared with offerings to make up for whatever catastrophes of insult might arise.
"Yeah?" He squeaked a little on the response, his throat unexpectedly tight, but Becky didn't seem to notice.
With the return of the gang came the vaguely greasy smell of hot food. One of the three who entered carried bulging paper bags from McDonalds; he pulled out a chair and began to distribute his fellows' meals, and John's stomach growled at the sight. The two larger men sat by one wall to eat together, conversing too quietly to be understood, while the other chose a different table, slinging a weighty duffel up beside him and rummaging through it while he ate.
"No surprise, when most of his adult life has been a series of horribly prolonged unpleasantnesses." He said it in a fairly flippant tone, but the accuracy of the offhand statement gave him pause.
It was, ever so briefly, the unguarded expression of a lonely man with regrets and worries beyond the telling.
"No? I'd have thought it right up your alley," countered Mycroft; a year prior, it would have sounded malicious, but now John heard a clear undertone of teasing amusement.
"I figured you needed your space—the opportunity to come around to things in your own time—but it's getting too frustrating to watch you bumble along. I've got to take matters into my own hands."
"So, you must have dragged yourself in pretty late last night," she said. "Sorry I didn't wake up to say hello; by the time the girls left it was almost midnight, and all the wine had gone to my head."
Our suite's gorgeous; the shower lives up to the hype; Anna's ordered up a full English and strong coffee...I can't get my mind off last night.
"Hi there." Anna's voice was warm and relaxed, and backed by the noise of other voices and laughter.
"How have things been for you, the last four weeks?" Sherlock returned his gaze resolutely to the contents of the box as he said it.
Such a lovely, idyllic afternoon; it seemed a shame to return. The sudden urgency afterwards was quite shocking, in contrast.
"Dunno. It's likely as anything else, innit? They've got our wallets. Assuming they've looked, they know I'm a copper."
." Suddenly he found himself wishing away the next three weeks for decidedly less romantic reasons. "Go," he managed, "
Greg's face in the dim light lacked the crusted smears of blood John knew were gracing his own, but it appeared craggy with exhaustion and pain nonetheless. He had been entirely content to let John take "first watch," as it were, seating himself on the cold floor beside the door.
going out." Sherlock capped his pen and stood, glancing blithely down at the ruined trousers visible beneath the hem of his dressing gown. "These were still on the top of the basket, and they're warmer than my pyjama bottoms anyway." He turned his gaze up to John just in time to witness an eye-roll of fairly epic proportions.
Blue eyes fixed on his expectantly, glancing away and back repeatedly as John poured three glasses of red wine for the table. "Are you going to be on another planet this whole night?"
"Hey there," Lestrade grinned, catching Anna's hand and pulling her close for a kiss on the cheek. "Did you have a nice day, then, love?"
He rode through eight stops before his internal monologue threatened to spill out in the form of venomous critique directed at everyone within spitting distance; at the ninth he stalked off and returned to the surface to avoid temptation. The
"—like me," he agreed ruefully. "God, I can't even imagine myself taking promotion to a desk job, let alone retiring!"
He stumbled a little on the smooth pavement, and caught his breath in an unpleasant hitch as the pieces began to fit together all at once.
"...Mm?" Sherlock didn't look up from the spread of graph paper in front of him. His eyes followed the precise movement of his pen, scribing a careful line through his plot of data points one by one; the infinitesimal spread of liquid black into the paper's fine fibres, almost mesmerising, its subtle variance dependent upon the speed and controlled constancy of his movement...
Covering a slight tremble as he returned his hand to his side, Sherlock forced words past suddenly uncooperative lips. "It's settled. We'll meet Brewster at eight o'clock tonight."
My younger son so often takes things too deeply to heart, dwells on pain until it shines darkly from him, overreacts. Hearing him bluster at dear Anna was
"Sure, she's put up with your shite, what? Twenty-two years running? S'pose I'll bow to your obvious expertise, in this case!"
The Underground lacked the wholly irritating sunlight, and provided no shortage of stupid people to glower at. Had Sherlock been in a better mood, or known where he wanted to go, he would have preferred a cab; today, however, stewing in his distemper surrounded by strangers felt appropriate.
"Hugh, you know I'd be in here every week if I lived in town. And likely about four stone heavier, as well! Here—I'd like you to meet Anna Clark. She's to be my sister-in-law, in a few months! Anna, this is Hugh Delancey, proprietor of this fine establishment."
"Might as well, anyway," he told the humming fridge, pouring himself a finger or two before replacing the bottle. It had been a cheerful evening, no doubt, but although everyone present had treated the subject matter jovially, there was no getting around the feelings it stirred up.
Today's demurral in front of John had been no lie: it had been almost depressingly easy to search out the information necessary to defend Jacqui's custody of her eleven month old son. In a mere matter of hours, he had been able to present Mr Brewster with the properly incriminating evidence against the young thug who threatened her, and detailed instructions on exactly how and when to utilise it.
"I'm all right. Can't complain, you know. Work's been good, and the new flat's getting settled..." He trailed off, feeling awkward.
An auction was to begin in a few hours, for the large furnishings and more notable items; the very thought of attempting to navigate something like that by himself put John into a cold sweat. Just as the antiques dealer had promised, however, there were a series of rooms full of inexpensive pick-and-carry miscellanea—intriguing old photographs, antique baubles, and various odd items of Victoriana which might look quite at home among the esoteric clutter of his and Sherlock's flat.
John nodded, feeling the tickle of Sherlock's curls pressed against his nape as he forced a response past the lump in his throat. "Sure, we can go together. At least I won't have to answer any more questions. We should go out afterwards and get me a new mobile, as well..."
Sherlock joined her in a brief laugh over her imitation. He could well imagine Lestrade's mortified expression at reading such a missive. Before Lestrade had had the good fortune to meet Anna, and somehow found the courage to pursue her, he'd always struck Sherlock as the sort who entirely failed to appreciate or understand his own draw.
"I'd been a sergeant on his team about three and a half years, when he pulled the Runnell case. Jim was a solid DI—you ever get to work with him, at all?"
"We should make sure to get him into a good press conference, after his honeymoon," Sherlock decided. "We'll tell the camera operators to focus a clean shot on his ring finger, so the sex-starved masses of London will know he's out of the running."
"But if either of us were allowed to have anything stronger, we'd be at the Duke right now. Tea's fine, John." He settled himself into the black leather armchair with a sigh, tipping his head up and closing his eyes while his host bumped around in the kitchen.
Blondy chuckled, saying something to the man behind Greg that made his stance shift and his grip tighten. Then, flicking the knife open with a
The cab pulled to a stop before the flat in Shepherd's Bush; Sherlock stepped out along with his companion, and as he made payment he saw movement ahead at the door. Their excursion had run long enough into the afternoon that Lestrade had already returned home from work, and now he was stepping out in his shirtsleeves to meet them on the front walk.
Sherlock held a large sip of hot coffee on his tongue, letting the sweet bitterness suffuse his mouth as he allowed his thoughts to skitter back to the sparking, slow confusion of the night before.
While he lost himself in that shameful thought, swallowing his anger back and turning it harshly against himself, Sherlock was circling around him, silently plucking at his clothing, disrobing him so gently and carefully as to be almost unobtrusive; before John knew it, he was standing in only his pants. He flushed, suddenly self-conscious, but Sherlock's face showed neither judgment nor desire. He was solicitous and attentive, but outwardly emotionless—tightly controlled—and it sent a chill of realisation down John's spine.
His voice felt thick and unwieldy in his throat, and he needed to stop to swallow multiple times before he could finish speaking. "This is the only place I have been twice in the last three years; I had never expected to return. I do not intend to return to most of those places, but being here again, as myself...with you: it's important." He couldn't bring himself to look over.
It wasn't as if John had ever been a consistently social man; he made noises about civil niceties, but when left to his own devices he reverted to self-indulgent isolation nearly as consistently as Sherlock did. He had a far-ranging network of acquaintances, whom he inaccurately termed "friends" even though most of them were inattentive at best, and a few were even openly antagonistic. (Those conditions actually seemed to be mutual in a number of cases.) If he'd made himself available to receive adequate emotional support from any of
The older man struck Greg with an open hand, hard enough to snap his head to the side. His next words were spoken slowly, and enunciated clearly, inches away from Greg's face; the only interpretation John could guess at was
By the time John progressed into the third sale room, he was feeling moderately confident. He hadn't actually chosen anything, yet, but there were a few items he thought he might return to consider. When the new room turned out to house multiple waist-high bins displaying old books, he knew he had at least a fair chance of finding something that Cliff might find worthwhile.
Chuckling, Anna assured him, "I believe you, honey. Do you want to talk me through any of it, before bed? Shake something loose?"
"You got the boxes I sent you?" she asked, changing the subject again in another attempt to salvage the faltering chat.
Over the course of the next three weeks, things had slowly returned to something generally approximating normal. A few minor cases had come and gone, two private clients from the website and one through the Yard; Sherlock had grumbled at being asked to assist Alan Dimmock, but after Sally had taken him aside for a brief chat he'd looked over the evidence willingly enough. He'd even managed to solve the case with a minimum of disparaging comments thrown the way of the young DI.
friends—had promised to watch out for issues, and they'd never mentioned anything worrisome to her...but over the past months, she'd noticed Greg changing on her phone and computer screen from week to week. His facial expressions, the sound of his voice, his increasingly careful choice of words when she asked after him: she'd been sure, by mid-autumn, that he was trying hard to cover the evidence of a slide into depression.
"The crime in question is over twelve years old. Age may diminish its urgency, but never its importance. And before you argue that setting aside my work for a few hours would have no ill consequences...in this case, you're entirely correct. If I wasn't busy with this, however, I
He stood in thought, letting the other two men converse softly behind him. Lestrade removed himself into the kitchen with an offer of wine just as Sherlock turned away from the photograph and moved to seat himself. He adjusted the crimson place mat, straightening it to align properly with the table edge; as its texture played across his outstretched fingertips, a stream of deductions followed automatically.
Sherlock's mouth opened, and closed; he looked between the two happy, expectant faces, and produced a passable smile of his own. "Thank you for the offer, Lestrade. But I've got some business to take care of, yet tonight. I should be getting on with it."
, exactly; he asked more for the comfortable rhythm of their banter than anything else. He was in a rare social mood. It was probably something to do with the approaching holiday and its attendant rush of strong memories.
There couldn't be, literally—Anna was in midair; the landscape of clouds passing outside the window came with no demarcation lines to trace the boundaries of international waters below, and there would be no cabin announcement until the final descent.
He watches the words land, sees hope, and fear, and disbelief battle behind Sherlock’s full, red-rimmed eyes.
He pushes the door shut again, and locks it for good measure, and then leans back against it and stares down at the snow already starting to melt into puddles against the tile.
All the objections and deterrents have dropped away, one-by-one, and there is no longer any reason not to, especially considering how much and for how long John has wanted this.
Would he care if Sherlock climbed up on this railing, and stepped off into the darkness, or would be silently relieved to finally be free of the burden?
His head dips in, his breath hot and frantic against Sherlock’s temple, pants and gasps that occasionally devolve into desperate whimpers, as he struggles to find the friction he needs in their current position.
He takes some more pictures, trying to think like Sherlock, trying to do as he’d said and see the valuable, the telling, the important in the seemingly insignificant.
Sherlock fights off an uncharacteristic rush of jealousy, at the thought of this strange man who put his hands (his mouth?
The cab pulls to a stop at the kerb, and Sherlock practically leaps out, shoves a handful of bills at the cabbie, and then hurries inside without waiting for John to follow.
John gets to his feet, and goes to stand beside Sherlock, who presses his shoulder almost imperceptibly against John’s thighs the minute he draws close.
There are toasts and speeches (mostly tedious except for John’s which makes Sherlock and everyone else present more than a little misty-eyed).
You are,” Sherlock assures him, relieved that he can somehow still think straight, can still make words as John’s fingers tangle in his hair, scratch lightly on his scalp, curl and and tug, even as John’s kisses deepen, and body begins to surge against Sherlock’s like an incoming tide.
He lets his eyes drift down to her bruised knees, clucks in disapproval, and feels a small twinge of satisfaction when she scowls, pushes away from the door frame, and disappears into the throngs of officers making good on their bets.
Given your rather dingy little flat, and the frankly appalling way you take care of your person, the amount he’s offering should hold the three of you over a good while.
Mrs. Hudson nods and scurries away, and Sherlock begins to unroll the gauze from the medical kit and pack it around the shards.
Fishing into her pocket she pulls out a packet of Egyptian cigarettes, and lights one, taking a deep drag before she replies.
It’s a rather long tube ride, but it’s nice to get out my neighbourhood, someplace fresh, where I don’t have to think about things.
But after several phone calls from the reception desk upstairs, he’s finally escorted to the third floor.
And John smiles against his shoulder, and presses, waits, and feels his own cock twitch when Sherlock takes him in with a small
And to his surprise Sherlock hands the ring to him, and then holds out his hand, wanting John to do the honours, and John is reminded again of how very big an idiot he’s been to wait so long to do this.
“When we were in Harry and Clive’s room and they talked about hearing Arthur crying at night, you just walked out.
He strips the bed, showers, pours himself a couple of fingers of whiskey, and sits down at his desk, cracks his laptop.
“I’m telling you, I’m willing to try.  It might not happen right away. It might not be the magic you’re imagining, but I do want to try it.  I like trying things with you, and I don’t particularly like to rule things out before I have tried them.
He gets up and gets his phone, turns on the camera, tries to arrange a lighting situation where he doesn’t look like the crypt-keeper, and when he’s finally satisfied, clicks record.
A flash of hurt flickers behind Sherlock’s eyes before he can hide it, followed swiftly on by confusion.
Didn’t know a thing about art, according to her, but she had had a break-in, nothing taken in the last day or two, and there had been a message left on the machine for him from a Professor Cairns.
When he gets there he realises that there are already small hooks screwed into the frame, perhaps for precisely this purpose.
Sherlock is pressing kisses to the top of his head, tracing the tips of his fingers in long, lazy trails up and down John’s back, and John thought that this would be hard, the
He glances down the length of the bridge towards the SIS building, and wonders if his brother is watching from one of the blacked out squares of glass above.
Sherlock collapses on top of him, John sliding from his body, to lay, limp and spent against his thigh.
He’s still clammy, and his stomach is growling with hunger despite the fact that he just vomited the meagre contents of what was left in his stomach.
Sherlock’s eyes drag the length of his body a couple of times, stop to linger on his face, and then he turns back to the fridge with a sigh, and shuts the door.
The space is a relief, but the restaurant is still abuzz with lunchtime bustle, and no matter how hard he tries to refocus, it doesn’t seem to matter.
He does eat it, though he swallows each bite as though it’s dry as sandpaper and he’s unaccustomed to food tasting like anything but.
Sherlock gets up, and strolls over to the sink, where John is slipping the mountain of mugs stacked beside it into the sudsy water.
Sherlock hums, and reaches down to remove the photo from the pile in John’s hand and place it on the arm of the chair.
John reaches out and hooks his thumbs under the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, lets his fingers drape over his hips.
Two years thinking I’d failed you in every way a bloke can fail a friend, and—and now you just want to come home, and go back to the way things were?
Mycroft is standing a few feet away, umbrella in one hand, and briefcase in the other.  The shoulders of his coat are damp. He looks tired.
He sucks in great, gulping breaths, and waits until his heart has calmed, and his pulse slowed before he picks it up and sees it’s a text from Sherlock.
John holds Sherlock in that way he sometimes does now, like he’s afraid of their happiness, afraid that Sherlock might be snatched away from him at a moment’s notice, and he might be forced to face the world alone again.
He would never turn it away, and perhaps it is the right first step, because he suddenly realises that he’s trembling.
His thumb hovers over it, battling the urge to swipe and delete, to for once find the sort of courage that matters, to do what needs to be done, to stop hoping, needing, caring.
That first year and a half, I tried, and I tried, but I alway seemed to get it wrong, and you never seemed to want it, but now you say you do, and I—I thought that this morning was something…”
He slips the shirt down over John’s shoulders, and then tosses it across the room once he’s removed it.
He likes John to look after him, whether he’s willing to admit it or not, and while at first it had irritated John to no end, when he finally saw it for what it was, and then thought back through the entire length of their relationship, he’d been astonished to realise that Sherlock had been trawling for his attention, subtly and not so subtly, for years.
Sherlock presses his nose into John’s hair and presses his lips to his scalp.  “You’re horrible. I love you.”
The jumper is tight across the chest and too short in the arms, and Sherlock admittedly looks a little ridiculous, but at least he’s warm.
Rosie pulls her thumb out of her mouth, uncurls, and climbs out dragging the plush cat Harry had given her along the floor.
Now he’s just brushing the wet off his shoes at the front door, and Sherlock’s already there, practically vibrating.
They are both hungrier than they realised and the room descends into a comfortable silence, punctuated only by the crackling of the fire, and the sigh of a remarkably calm sea outside.
He has lovely eyelashes, dark and full, and his lids are so pale that John can see the thin purple web of veins beneath.
The soft movement of John’s fingers in his hair, the comforting weight of his arse against Sherlock’s thighs, the way all the colour has returned to John’s cheeks, making him look happy, and healthy, and awash with desire, all of these things flood Sherlock’s senses, almost overwhelming him.
Their bodies glide together easily now, and Sherlock massages the entrance to John’s body in small circular motions that match John’s thrusts in speed and intensity.
Sherlock returns, kneels down on the cold tile, and picks up one of John’s hands, wiping gently at his knuckles with the warm flannel.
The lamp finally goes out, but the fire continues to crackle and pop in the hearth, John breathes, calm and close.
John crawls onto the mattress in the first grey promise of dawn, and glides his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
That could result in him refusing to share Sherlock’s bed, or worse yet, deciding he wants to go back to London, and Sherlock had not been exaggerating when he’d told John that he is lost without him.
He rolls over onto his side, and takes John with him.  John makes a small sound of objection, but then yields and actually tightens his grip when Sherlock wraps his arms around him and pulls him close.
I’ve known Brenda since she was a little girl, and she is as clean living as you could possibly imagine.
John whimpers, he actually whimpers, and when Sherlock does it again, and then again, he thinks that maybe he’s going to come, like a teenage boy he’s going to come in his trousers just from this, just from the softest brush of a beautiful man’s long, delicate fingers.
His eyes travel over Sherlock’s face, down the line of this throat, over his chest, and all the rest of what he can see with Sherlock seated before him in such a way.
It’s all of the pleasure, and none of the guilt, and John just knows he’s not going to last, because he can already feel it curling tight, and hot in his centre, drawing in, pulling up.
There is sleet pelting against the windows now, and the room is bleak and grey, but the fire is burning bright and warm, and the bed has been turned down, and John is crawling in, clean, and ruffled, and soft from his wash.
It’s sounds more like a battle zone when John finally stumbles through the door of the loo with a scowl.
John goes back into the bedroom with a towel for the mattress, and then into the kitchen for some baking soda, vinegar, and water.
It’s dark outside when he finally lowers the instrument from his chin and sniffs the air delicately.
John is looking into his eyes, hands already sliding around his back, down over the rise of his arse.
John had lain beside him in the quiet darkness and bared more of his soul than Sherlock can ever recall him doing.
Maybe Sherlock wants them together as much for himself as for John, but John is fairly certain he’d never admit that.
He groans long and loud, and John is bloody grateful they decided to do this now, rather than waiting until Mrs. Hudson and the rest were here.
It is the feelings, whatever they are, that are accompanying his obsession du jour, that seem to be stirring his body in ways it normally never does.
The words snap John’s attention back to the table, where Sherlock has leaned back in his chair, and is looking at him in a way that makes his breath catch, and heart race, that brings a flush of panic and embarassment to his cheeks.
And John feels his heart twist hard with everything he feels, with the knowledge that they are going to make it, no matter how difficult the things they face, because they are finally, finally facing them together, together or not at all, and it feels like a commitment, like more commitment that he’s ever made to anyone in his life.
This seems to throw the caller, there is a moment’s silence in which John can hear the distinct background noise of a hospital.
His cock slots perfectly in the crease of Sherlock’s arse, and he feels Sherlock shiver beneath him.
Sherlock can see the courage it takes for him to say it, at how he suddenly looks so small and burdened again, eight and eighty all at once, and he can’t bear the thought of leaving him thinking that he had ever, even for a second, not wanted him in his flat, in his life, in his heart.
Sherlock drags his tongue along the crease of John’s thigh, and John hisses, thrusts vainly into the cool air.
And when Sherlock rolls onto his back, taking John with him, all he can think about is how it isn’t enough, how no matter how close, how much of Sherlock he can touch, feel, taste, it will never be enough.
They kiss a long time, keeping the flame of their mutual desire stoked low and even, neither of them trying to chase their way to something more.
He snatches a dressing gown from his wardrobe, shrugs it on and leaves it open even though he’s only wearing pants beneath.
Tregennis’ murder of his sister, and attempted murder of his brothers can most likely be attributed to the disagreement over the division of their parent’s assets, and his inability to manage his share.
“I am sure that we will have much more to tell you in the next day or two,” he assures the headmaster as only John seems able to.
Sherlock looks over at him, the way his vest is riding up in the back, and his boxers riding down, at the glimpse of curved, white spine visible between.
Jesus, I’ve never said that to anyone before, but I guess what I’m trying to say is that I know, I know how it can be, and if we’re friends then maybe we should try to be as honest as we can about it?
Started last year, really, or maybe started that very first day at Bart’s lab, whether either of us knew it, or could admit it, or knew how to make that a thing that could last.
We’re just going to go on the way we have been, me never letting you initiate, always being uncomfortable with you touching me?”
There were a couple of years when we were little, when mum sent Harry and me away for the summer, and my Gran would make these for us, fresh and warm every afternoon, for our tea.
It swiftly becomes apparent it’s a game, a game this Moriarty person is playing with Sherlock, and John doesn’t like it.
Sherlock’s heart stops, his breath catching in his throat, at the sight of so much ferocious rage unleashed.
And all Sherlock can see is Victor walking away, running away, crawling into bed with him at night and then pushing him down in the dirt, playing with his hair and then shouting at him to leave him alone.
John’s arm is brushing up against Sherlock’s, and his breath is a warm delicious contrast to the bracing air around them.
He had wished on that day when his best and only friend had darted across the road after that rabbit, and been struck down by a passing lorrie, that it had been him lying there eviscerated, in a pool of his own blood, panting and yelping out his last breaths.
“I don’t care if you don’t,” Sherlock murmurs into his hair, pulling him close, letting his slick cock slide between John’s arse, reaching around to take John in hand, and secretly thrilling at the fact that John is quite serious, then.
Sherlock presses his nose into John’s hair, breathes deep, and John reaches back and gives his hip a squeeze.
Mycroft’s lips press into a straight line and then stretch into a wry smile that doesn’t reach his eyes.
It’s raining outside, the sort of all day drizzle that alternates back and forth between fog and fine sleet, and makes everything dismal and grey.
He holds up the chocolate orange he’d just found in the last aisle and tucked under his arm without Sherlock seeing.
“What would you like it to look like?”  It’s low and quiet. There’s really no need.  They’re all the way at the top of the house. There’s no one to hear.  But the topic seems to engender a kind of reverence and care.
He sees it hit John like a slap in the face, and the shock of it seems to take a little of the energy out of his rapidly escalating anger.
Sherlock’s eyes never leave his, as he reaches down, and cups his hand around John’s, where it’s still lightly cradling Sherlock’s cock, and John understands, so he starts to stroke again, watches Sherlock’s eyes fall shut, and his mouth fall open, watches the tears squeeze from beneath closed lids to trail down his cheeks.
And Sherlock huffs out a wet laugh at the absolute absurdity of the question, all things considered, and at how just very ‘John’ it is.  “I found you. I’m fine.”
He rolls his shoulders a little betraying his own aches and pains, and then takes a deep breath and lets it out with contented sigh.
He’s overwhelmed with relief when Lestrade finally shuts the office door behind him, effectively plunging them into silence, save for the whir of the climate control and Watson’s continuous sniffling.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything.  John has long projected his desires onto Irene Adler, something worth considering, but not tonight.
It’s not erotic, not really, but it’s something so damn close he has no words to describe it, no other way to frame it.
He turns his face into John’s hand, he turns his body into John’s arms, pulls John in tight against his chest, and holds on like his life depends on it.
He takes two steps forward and leans down to stare at Sherlock’s pupils, reaches out, grabs his wrist, takes his pulse.
John is staring down at his knuckles, lifting the icepack to shift it to his right hand, which isn’t nearly as bruised.
“And I love you…” John breathes out like it’s a revelation, like some ancient, overwhelming weight has just dropped from his shoulders.
You’d come down to breakfast in the Formal Hall and that freak would know who you’d been shagging the night before.”
This was perhaps even more difficult for him than it was for John to be the one to break the ice and finally say the things that needed saying.
They go together, and John lets Sherlock examine his hands for injury, and Sherlock let’s John insist on an anti-inflammatory and pain killer for his stiffness and pain, and when Sherlock wakes the next morning to the sound of someone knocking frantically on the cottage door, it’s with his head tucked up under John’s chin, and John’s arm draped over his shoulder, and he’s never cursed an intrusion more.
John snatches Sherlock’s icy hand in his and starts pulling him away from the darkness, away from the cold, toward the far side of the gallery and the servants’ passage down to the kitchens.
It’s that small detail that finally breaks through the momentary fog of John’s shock, and causes a flood of fond warmth to burst in his chest.
He’s in the most ridiculous position he can imagine, but Sherlock’s peaked and dripping nipple is right there.
He tucks his knees up under his chin, trying to ignore how stiff and sore he is, and pushes down the almost unbearable craving for a cigarette.
And John stands at the edge of the bed and stares down at him, bare, erection jutting out, flushed and aching in the cool air of the room.
John just shakes his head, climbs off Sherlock, pleased to see he is half hard, and curls up beside him on the bed.
Bing Crosby is singing ‘I’ll Be Home for Christmas’, and Sherlock lets John take his hand, wrap an arm around his waist, and dance slowly in front of the window, looking out over the lawn.
John sighs again, but it sounds fond instead of exasperated.  “You wanted to share a bed with me?”  When Sherlock says nothing, John takes that as a yes.  “Why?”
They spend another half hour at the rink in the middle of the village square, as their accountant continues to skate halting, boring circles around it, only stopping once to retie a skate lace.
He stands fully exposed in front of John’s chair, and John stares at him slack-jawed, and heavy-lidded.
He can hear the emotion in his voice, and Sherlock must hear it too, because he looks up, eyes as full and red-rimmed as John’s, and nods.
There’s nothing but farmland, divided by low stone walls, and the odd copse of trees here or there, spread out before him.
He strides forward the minute Sherlock reaches the top stair, strips off Sherlock’s coat, begins to unbutton his shirt, crowds him back toward the kitchen, down the hallway to their bedroom.
He rolls onto his side, and pulls a pillow against his chest, thinks about how it’s a pity his flat is clean, how he would do anything for a hit at the moment, tries not to think of how much John would disapprove and fails.
Stares, like he’s waiting for Sherlock to back down, speak first, and when Sherlock doesn’t budge: “I’m not comfortable with that.”
They are very close, close enough that the air has that slight salt smell that he remembers from rare summers by the seaside as a boy, rare bright spots in an otherwise bleak childhood, and a smell he would sometimes inexplicably wake to in the middle of the searing desert, sensory memory, the last vestiges of some dream he couldn’t remember.
He can’t reach far, but he starts to stroke gently along his spine, the tip of his finger teasing at the top of Sherlock’s intergluteal cleft through the cotton of his shirt, with each pass.
He sets the painting down, picks up his cup of tea, and wanders back down to the door to the back garden.
Every pant and moan passing Sherlock’s lips, echoes in John’s body like it’s his own, crackling over his skin, blooming in his blood to rush outward, downward, setting his whole body aflame.
John makes a futile attempt to glance over his shoulder and down his back to where Sherlock is draped over him.
Everything is white, and it’s still dark, so it’s hard to be sure, but he thinks that perhaps the four white lumps at the very back of the garden may just be beehives.
He gets to his feet, left hand balled into a white-knuckled fist, and moves across the room to his computer, where he sits down, and pulls up his contacts.
The clawfoot bathtub is deep, and as long as the hot water heater decides to cooperate, John just thinks that maybe they might even be able to share a bath.
John ordered way more than they needed, and they light a fire, and spread it all out on the floor in front of the hearth, and pull cushions from the sofa to sit on as they eat.
Oh, he had been aware that he was attracted by certain things, to certain physical and psychological traits.
John sucks in a sharp breath through his nose, the neurological memory of chronic ear boxing making his temples ache and his head swim.
He models the deep in-and-out, watches John struggle and fail to match him, sees John’s panic escalate into something that can hardly be sustainable.
John’s mouth waters as a bead of precome wells up at the head of Sherlock’s cock, and then swells over to run down his shaft.
It’s slightly awkward, this—John curled under the blankets at his side, hair mussed, blankets tucked under his nose, and Sherlock hovering over him, coffee cup perched precariously on one palm.
“Figured we’re a bit young to spend the rest of our days taking leisurely strolls through the highlands.”
“I went on ahead.  You couldn’t keep up.  You couldn’t prevent Wilkes from taking me down, and you…”
John sighs over their hands, his breath fanning Sherlock’s eyelashes and the tiny hairs on the back of his wrist.
John’s lips are warm and careful, but they feel like a brand against the sensitive skin of Sherlock’s neck, send sympathetic surges of pleasure racing through his veins to pool molten and warm in his belly.
John is different.  He’s different since he came back home.  He’s found his courage somewhere, when it comes to this, when it comes to them.  And Sherlock wants this, too, so why is it still so hard?!
Something clenches tight in his chest.  He feels like he’s drowning.  His eyes bite and burn.  The texts go back months, well over a year, and that is when Sherlock had gotten a new phone, so it’s possible they’d chatted for longer than that.  Months and months of words, and always his name is there, in the middles of it all: john, John,
I sleep better, and I look forward to seeing what the bloke will post next, and though he’s a bit odd, and a bit posh, and a bit mad, I think, he’s interesting and a bit mysterious too, and his videos always seem to help somehow.
So I thought we could start with things that straddle the line between platonic and erotic, those things that can tip either way, and see how that goes.”
Sherlock’s face does the thing John loves, the slight twist to the corner of the mouth, the wrinkle between the eyes, that disappears into a disbelieving softness.
He claws his way out of the murk and mire of his brain, gulps in a great lungful of blessedly clean air, and jolts upward, with John’s name on his lips.
This is the last of the chapters I had pre-written, so the wait between chapters might be a little longer after this.  Apologies.
John is setting the table, he’s putting the finishing touches on the food.  There’s nothing for it.  Sherlock can’t live in his bedroom forever, better to face it, get it over with.
Sherlock looks from his brother, to James Moriarty, and back down to John, laying on the wet pavement, a pool of red swiftly bleeding out into the puddles beneath him.
Sherlock hurries over, looks around for a chair, and finally finding one just outside the curtain, slides it up to John’s bed and rests his chin on the support bar on the side.
“But someone wants that information, and that someone is threatening your wife’s life if you don’t cough it up?”
True, he has yet to strip wholly naked, has yet to let Sherlock be the one to coax an orgasm from him (though he has come often, frotting frantically against Sherlock’s body, face hot and buried in his neck), but he’s warming, growing soft, and relaxed and comfortable in the same way Sherlock is.
He rolls away, and gets out of bed, and Sherlock whines again, which just makes John laugh outright.
But two years is a long time, and Mycroft is never forthcoming with information, only that John is safe, and well, and is nothing for Sherlock to concern himself with.
John’s head drops back and he stares up at the ceiling as though begging heavenly entities for strength.
He spins away, retreats to the edge of the trees a few feet away, and pulls at his hair, hard, willing his scattered thoughts to order themselves, to stop being ruled and drowned by this overwhelming wash of emotion, this utter panic.
He looks almost drunk, Sherlock thinks, drunk with want, and it’s a heady thing that, seeing John’s desire writ so clear across his features, know that he is it’s focus.
“You’ve spoken to me about your commanding officer, about what an important relationship that was to you.”
Sherlock’s eyes stay closed for a moment when John finally pulls away, and John smiles at him, even though he can’t see, because he can’t help himself.
The colour returns to his cheeks, the shadows slowly fade from his eyes, and the nightmares become few and far between.
They sit like that, Sherlock’s body cradled by John’s, John’s fingers carding slow trails through his hair, his breath slowly guiding Sherlock’s back into a more regular rhythm, until the water starts to cool, and every, single one of Sherlock’s muscles has gone to jelly.
Sherlock watches Rosie out of the corner of his eye, as she wanders out on the floor, iridescent, unicorn rucksack dragging on the floor behind her, hands covered in cherry lolly.
He wants John—wants to spend the rest of his life with John, and yet he still doesn’t know that that is exactly what John has wanted almost from the start.
They’re not even here at this crumbling and supposedly haunted manor house, on Halloween, in the middle of a storm and power outage, because of the ghosts.
That has been one of the most pleasant surprises in all this, the way that Sherlock has warmed to their physical intimacy, just a taste, and suddenly he was all in.
One of those late Spring days that starts off cool in the morning, but almost feels like summer by noon.
John is just starting to ache, again, from the warm, wet, heat of Sherlock’s mouth, when he pulls back again.
Sherlock is tempted to lie, to keep this one little thing to himself, but there is something about the way that his brother’s face has blanched, and his brows have knit together in something that Sherlock might almost interpret as worry in someone else, that makes him decide to be forthright.
Sherlock wonders if it’s because he’s been sneaking alcohol to work with him, or because he’s cut back enough that he’s started to feel better.
Sherlock is intrigued, despite the unpleasant surprise of finding a strange woman in his lounge on a Sunday afternoon.
Sherlock turns his face away, stares down at the floor, the wall, the nightstand, anywhere but at John’s face.
Sherlock finds the bottle of lube behind John’s back, pops the lid with one finger, and dribbles some blindly over his hand, uses it to slick a second finger, and slide it down to join the first.
John is still floored by these little, unexpected compliments, so guileless and sincere, that drop from Sherlock’s lips when he’s least expecting them.
He drops into his chair, sits on the edge of the seat, hand clasped between his knees, and stares down at the carpet.
I do hate these sorts of things, and so do you, and yet you keep insisting we meet clients at these social affairs.
They take their time exploring the three small bedrooms, the adequate kitchen, which had obviously undergone a refurbishment by the last owner, the lovely, if overgrown back garden, complete with stoned in garden beds, and a set of abandoned beehives, that look remarkably intact considering how long they have been sitting out in the elements, unattended.
It was something that hadn’t happened to him since he was seventeen, and he felt an uncharacteristic flush of shame and curiosity in equal measure.
And I find that several of them lead people to make assumptions, usually incorrect, about my talents, my intelligence, my ability to
His erection still juts out obscenely, tenting the front of his pyjamas, the small wet spot on the front, seemingly spreading before his eyes.
After a moment he feels him give in to it, hears the soft thump of their overnight bags on the front stoop, feels John’s arms lift to wrap carefully around his waist.
He dispenses two Nurofen from the bottle on his bedside table, washes them down with the bottled water beside them, and then stands up and stretches.
It’s almost imperceptible, but John knows him so intimately by now, that he can see it, feel it in the air between them.
Or is this all for real, and is this all a part of it, little parts of Sherlock all wrapped up with little bits of this thing, whatever it is, the two of them meshing and melding together, already becoming one?
“No, no, she didn’t tell me.  It’s been plain as day since the day you and I met.  I deduced it.  It’s as simple as that.”
John stirs beneath the thin sheet, and Sherlock reaches out for his hand on instinct.  John’s knuckles are bruised and swollen, and so Sherlock holds it gently, cradling it carefully between both of his own, and John comes awake slowly, frowns up at the ceiling, blinks, and then turns his head to look at him.
He turns one of Sherlock’s hands over in his, pushes his sleeve up over his wrist, strokes his thumb over the pulse point.
They eat in front of the telly, and watch some ridiculous film that John insists on, and which Sherlock hardly pays attention to, because John looks relaxed, and happy, and like something has settled in him now a decision’s been made.
And he sounds it, too; voice low and hushed, like the voice John’s mother used to use in church on Christmas Eve.
It’s the deepest beneath another’s skin Sherlock has ever been permitted, his tongue in John’s mouth, tangling, tasting, thrusting.
This whole thing was probably some sort of joke to you and your brother, you sitting over in Paris, or Islamabad, or Berlin, exchanging stories about poor, pathetic John Watson, can’t hold a job, can’t keep himself together, drinking his life away, grieving his arse of a flatmate like a man grieves his wife, while you were off on some big, bloody adventure, and…”
John sucks in a great gasping breath, shudders and lets it out with a whimper that seems to twist deep into the centre of Sherlock’s chest, making it hard to breathe himself, making him ache to pull John into his arms, against his chest, to wait there, on the cold, tile floor of the loo until their heartbeats and breath synchronise.
He runs his free hand over his abdomen, it’s wet, the sheets beneath his weeping cock are wet, he’s panting, and shaking, and keening, and he thinks momentarily of the neighbours, and then thinks they can go fuck themselves.
He lets it take him, and then sinks under the blissful weight of the afterglow, lying still, softening cock still in hand, the distant natter of Mrs. Hudson’s telly letting him know that she’s still deep in the grip of her usual evening pastime, and he can lie like this for hours if he chooses.
he wants to make them one—shared cells, and blood, and even the very energy binding their atoms together.
He thought it would feel momentous somehow, but instead it just feels odd, mostly because of Sherlock’s inexplicable behaviour.
When John gets out of the shower, he dresses in one of his better shirts, and takes a bit of extra time with his hair just in case Sherlock does actually intend to post whatever it is he’s planning on recording.
John straddles him eagerly, braces himself against the wall behind them, arms either side of Sherlock’s head, and grins.
Next time you want to make what I assume was at least a half million pound purchase, maybe we could talk about it first.”
“And now that she finds herself backed into a corner, you can be sure that she will go to any means necessary to ensure the outcome she desires.”
John looks relaxed, and happy, and though Sherlock has what feels like a million questions about everything he’d shared in therapy, he’s more than happy to defer them, to let this calm string out as long as it is able.
Sherlock manages, just loud enough to be heard over the pounding rain and background hum of the city around them.
Sherlock dons his gloves, carefully unscrews the top, and to his great relief finds an oily brown film floating atop the tiny bit of water still remaining.
John stills above him, breath still coming fast, and shallow, cock still twitching and straining between them.  Sherlock opens his eyes, and John smiles down at him, eyes full. Sherlock doesn’t understand it, but he leans into John’s touch when he cups a hand against Sherlock’s cheek.  “I’m sorry,” John says, sounding more earnest about it than Sherlock has ever heard before.
John pours a cup of tea, adds cream, purposely leaves out the sugar, because if he remembers correctly, she takes it.
In fact by the time Sherlock dips the sponge beneath the water, and then presses it against John’s back to wring it out, and wash the soap away, John is completely relaxed.
He tries very hard not to think about John when he sees the way Kate casually lays a hand on Adler’s shoulder when dropping off a cup of tea, or when she unconsciously picks a wayward hair from off the back of her dress before leaving again.
In retrospect it is such a small thing, but the memories of youth seem to take on ridiculously grand proportions, seem to colour and poison everything that comes after them, and he’s never talked about this with anyone.
He suddenly wants John Watson out of his bedroom, out of his flat, out of his life, because he has been lying to himself these last few months, he realises.
The video is only shot from his chin down, but he’s wearing the purple shirt John loves, and he cradles the violin like something precious and dear.
They pick up their pace due to the cold, and the warmth 221b’s foyer is welcome respite after the biting wind down Baker Street.
He finally looks up, and Sherlock is looking at him, just looking, in that way he has, that one look that undoes John every damn time, because it’s just so…
He gets up from John’s lap in one, smooth, graceful motion, tucks himself back into his pants, tucks the hem of his stained shirt into his trousers, and zips them up again, before grabbing his dressing gown off his chair, and tying it closed.
Sherlock is weary with pain, but John’s constant warmth, and unyielding strength seem to buoy him up until they reach home.
