“What the hell, Dean!” Sam hissed and punched him back. The woman behind the gate seemed to gather her momentarily lost composure.
“Jess. Her name is Jess. And no, I’m not going with her for the holiday craze because we broke up a couple weeks ago. Apparently, not being a lawyer yet wasn’t cutting it for her family to like me and she broke under the pressure.” Sam must have been hurting a lot for him to admit all this. Dean wasn’t great with emotions, but he loved his brother with everything in him, so he’d be there for him even if it’s just to give him a brisk hug and a beer.
“Yea-yes.” Dean felt his heart jump into his throat, putting a strain on his words. Cas pulled him close and guided him into what must have been a guest bedroom. “Too impatient to get me into your own room?” Dean quipped and immediately felt his breath catch at the lovely challenge that sparked in the alpha’s eyes. Instead of immediately satisfying the hunger that stained his irises, Cas took his sweet time with each button. A devious smile graced his lips as he caressed every inch of skin revealed to him. With a gentle kiss laid over the rushing pulse in his throat, Dean felt himself crumble. “Cas... Please.”
“Stop playing with me, Dean! What the fuck have you gotten yourself into!?” Dean’s eyebrows jumped up. He hadn’t heard Sam get this angry in a long time.
“Of course, Cas. I wouldn’t want you to have to work half-starved.” Dean felt denial rising over why he was offering himself up on a silver platter. He was man enough to admit though that he didn’t like the idea of the alpha going back to old blood. He scrambled for his words under the alpha’s intense stare and then he felt a surge of guilt because he’d almost forgotten that Sammy was coming home too. “Uh, this actually works out well for me. I could come up sooner than Saturday, since my brother is coming into town then. Does that work for you?”
The plan of returning to Cas as soon as possible was seeming less and less likely as Dean made his way back to his apartment. On one hand, Cas had important business to return to that couldn’t wait. And on the other, Dean knew he was going to have to have an incredibly long talk with his brother to explain this messy situation he’d somehow stumbled into.
“No, we’ve been meeting regularly at the estate.” Dean answered, trying to be polite instead of telling the nosy woman off like his wild nerves wanted him to. “I just… I’ve got something to tell him and I hope it goes well.” The woman tilted her head to the side owlishly, eerily similar to Castiel. Dean could feel her considering gaze on the side of his face and suppressed the urge to draw up his shoulders.
“Trusting someone as gorgeous as you sounds like a bad idea, but I suppose I could try, sir.” Castiel's laugh was almost worth the embarrassing honesty.
“I can drive myself, Cas.” Dean laughed. If Dean let him, he’s pretty sure Cas would have attendants for his every need. It was one of the boundaries that Dean had set soon after they’d started their arrangement.
“Now if you’ll stop for just a second and listen to me, I wasn’t done.” Dean gently reprimanded as he placed his hand over Cas’. “What I was trying to say was that I quit because I didn’t want a client relationship with you anymore. I still want to see you. I need to see you if that’s what you want too.”
“Right, uh… Saturday morning is when my bus is leaving, I should be there by early evening?” Dean froze for long enough that Sam noticed. “That should be good, right? Bobby never has you working on the weekends since you spend so much time working on your own car.”
“I don’t think I could if I tried.” Dean clutched his alpha close and kissed him until the need for air pried them apart again. Dean rested their foreheads together, so relieved that he’s nearly convinced this was all a dream, but reality soon rushed back in. “Cas, baby, I still have to go talk to Sam.” Castiel’s head dropped down onto his shoulder heavily. “I know, but I promise I’ll be back soon, okay?” the alpha’s shoulders drew up and dropped again in a dramatic sigh that had Dean rolling his eyes, but kissing his temple anyway. Eventually they found the strength to draw away from one another and they gathered themselves individually to fight their separate battles. He was sure that Cas would be able to handle the alpha and elite toddlers. Dean just didn’t know what the hell he was going to tell Sam.
She and Donna haven’t had much luck nailing this demonic little shit down, so they've had to call the Winchesters for help. Sam was off working a case with Eileen, but Dean and Cas came up to help right away, and they were already making much better progress. Also, it's been a few months since they’d gotten together for dinner, so it's nice to see the boys. Right now, Cas and Dean are off doing the dirty work, breaking into a house to search for clues, while Donna and Jody interview a new witness, downtown. In the truck on the way back to Jody’s house, the subject of Cas and Dean comes up, as it often does with Donna. (She’s always been kind of fascinated with the angel, and the boys are her all-time favorite couple.)
Dean is blushing again. He doesn’t handle compliments very well, but he certainly deserves them. OK, so Cas may or may not offer more compliments than strictly necessary, just to see Dean blush. Maybe. They both seem more relaxed by then, and lunch goes better after that. They talk about Cas’s progress (or lack thereof) with his current book. He tries to gloss over the details, but the truth is, he keeps imagining gay sex scenes for a character who he’s always written as straight, in the previous books. Every time he tries to write a scene where Michael picks up a woman, it comes out as cheesy and inauthentic. Which is weird, since Cas has written plenty of straight sex scenes. He’s even written straight hookups for this particular character, in the past. Eventually, after skirting the issue several times, Cas confesses his consternation to Dean, embarrassed. Why won’t his characters just do what he tells them?!
Being the vet had its privileges; they used the biggest guest kennel at the Zootique, and found a dog crate large enough for Kristina to squeeze into. While Sam and Kristina cleared out the space and set up the shot, Ryan went from kennel to kennel, playing with the residents and checking on a few patients. When everything was ready, he and Kristina had an actual staring contest. (Ryan won, but it was a close call.)
Within a week, Dean realizes that Cas tends to flounder with dinner on these nights, often ending up feeding the kids random leftovers or sandwiches, since he and Claire don’t make it home until 6pm. So Dean formulates a plan, and prays that Cas won’t think he’s overstepping. When he brings Jack home on Tuesday, he takes stock of Cas’s fridge and pantry, and puts in a small grocery order at the market near Cas’s house. Thursday, he grabs Jack, picks up his grocery order, and by the time Cas and Claire get home, Dean’s almost done making dinner.
Dean’s chest hurts. “Ohhh! No, sweetheart! I didn’t go away. It’s only been a week! Remember? Your daddy had to take Claire to gymnastics, so I picked you up from school to help him. But now gymnastics is over, so Daddy can pick you up every day, again. I’m still here, and you can talk to me whenever you want to.”
Dean’s eyes bulge and his mouth drops open. He takes a deep breath to scream, and Cas is suddenly beside him, hands up, looking panicked but uninjured.
Dean is just barely out of the bunker by the time Sam returns home, and Cas arrives only moments later. He keeps looking around the war room but clearly has no idea what he’s looking for. Cas confesses that he feels ‘off’ somehow, like there’s a piece of himself missing. He compares it to when he lost his grace, but he shrugs it off, chalking it up to a side-effect of Chuck’s abandonment. He assumes all the angels feel this now. (None of the other angels have corrected him - mostly out of pity.) Cas updates Sam on how Bobby, Mary and John are doing in the afterlife, and tells Sam about the new policies in Heaven regarding humanity, Nephilim, and living on Earth. He even suggests introducing Sam to one of the friendlier angels. “After all, Sam – you’re an exceptional human. You’re an archangel’s true vessel by lineage, your soul was purified by the Trials, and you’re a very attractive man. You even have experience raising a Nephilim. What more could an angel ask for in a mate?” Sam blushes and immediately changes the subject, asking Cas if
Pointing a finger at him, the redhead nodded. “Right. Yes. GISH is the Greatest International Scavenger Hunt the World Has Ever Seen. It’s a HUGE game played for charity; there’s teams all over the world! There’s like, 200 things on the list, and you pick a bunch of them to do. You get points for each one, and the team that gets the most points wins a trip somewhere, but that’s really not the point.”
But Dean. Oh, he’s always felt that he and Dean would be good together. If only Dean wasn’t straight. (Actually, Cas had suspected in college that Dean
Can someone tell me why Sam & Jack get to hold on to the rings? I thought Maid of Honor & Best Man were equal positions?
“No Cas, *I* talked about Sam and Eileen. YOU nodded and said a total of three words. That is not a conversation.”
Probably the biggest thing Dean’s noticed, is that they don’t really hang out. Sure, if they’re on a case together, they spend a lot of time together in the car, and they live out of the same hotel room, but that’s kind of unavoidable. When they’re home at the bunker, it’s different. Cas spends most of his time in the library, reading. He’ll come out to the map room or the kitchen for meals, he goes for a run with Sam every morning, and he comes to bed at a decent hour every night. Once in a while, Dean will coax him into showering together after sex. But that’s it. If Dean and Sam have movie night, Cas will only join them if he’s specifically invited, and even then, half the time he brings a book with him. If Dean tries to get him to watch TV alone with him, Cas will agree, but 15 minutes in, he’s ignoring the show and has his nose in a book. Dean even tried to tag along on Cas & Sam’s morning runs for a while, but he struggled to keep up with their pace, and quit after Day 3.
Castiel puts a new pair of gloves on, shaves her arm and carefully lays the stencil down. As he begins the tattoo, Madison gets a mischievous look in her eyes, and smirks, a dimple appearing in her cheek. “Zoe got another tattoo, I see?” Cas nods.
Cas looks . . . shellshocked. Then pleased. Then a little confused. Dean waits for the penny to drop, eyebrows raised expectantly. All the while, thinking as loud as he can,
Drawing lines was on his agenda for today, in fact. In an hour, he’d be at Castiel’s studio, getting 116 tiny hash marks inked into his forearm. One line for each time he’d died.
Ruby used her Bo Peep costume from two Halloweens ago, and recruited Cas (Jack Horner, with a plum), Jenna (Queen of Hearts, also an old Halloween costume), and Zomo (Peter Peter, with a pumpkin), along with her son Dylan, as Little Boy Blue, asleep, and holding a horn.
The day after GISH registration closed, Charlie, Castiel, and Abby were sitting around the tattoo shop, waiting for their next appointments, when Charlie got a text. She frowned at her cell phone and typed a quick reply. As her colleagues watched, Charlie’s eyes bugged out of her head and her ears turned a rather vivid shade of pink, her thumbs flying across the face of her phone.
“Well, it’s usually if the item ends up breaking a law, or might put players in danger. Sometimes an item sounds like a great idea, and then someone goes to do it, and it turns out there’s a local restriction that’s actually enforced, or it would be physically dangerous to do what the item requires, or something like that.”
He thinks maybe proximity will help engage Cas, since it seems to do the trick when they’re on a case. So, Dean starts hanging out in the library, playing on his phone, re-reading Vonnegut, or trolling the internet looking for cases, while Cas reads book after book after book. Now and then, he’ll read a joke out loud, or tell Cas about an article he stumbles across. Sometimes Cas will chuckle or make a very brief comment before returning to his book, but more often than not, he just ignores Dean completely. It’s the ignoring that finally snaps Dean’s patience, and he slaps the table.
“How’s that for a distrac . . .” Cas begins, but he’s cut off by Dean’s mouth against his. It’s sweet and gentle, and a totally different kind of passionate than their ‘friends-with-benefits’ kisses usually are. By the time they break apart, their car is almost back to the bottom of the Ferris wheel.
“Yeah well, I’m maybe not so smooth with guys. Especially the really hot ones. Hence this conversation.”
“How do you just slide that into a normal conversation with someone you’ve known for 15 years? Hey, there’s a new season of Ozarks dropping next week. By the way, did I never mention that I’m Bi?”
Charlie was not reaching, and still looked dismayed. She shook a grey to-go cup at him. “Dude! Zoe brought me Chai tea, like, 5 minutes ago,” she whined.
“Dean, what is the matter with the Sheriffs? Niether of them has hardly spoken a word to you all day, but they keep asking me how I’m doing. Donna just hugged me for no apparent reason! And I’m fairly certain I heard Jody call you a “dick” after lunch.”
“Didn’t you read the Commandments? They START with 200 items, but they add more every day or two, and some of the original items change, or get deleted altogether. If they’re gonna delete one, though, they usually do it early on.”
Jody rolls her eyes fondly. “It’s not like they hold hands and skip down the sidewalk together, Donna. I mean, obviously they’re in love, but I’m pretty sure they’d both punch anyone who called them cute. They’re just … intense people. I don’t think Cas knows any other way to be. He’s like,
Cas had a hell of a crush on Dean back then, but Dean was straight, so he kept his mouth shut about it and they remained just friends. After graduation, Cas lost touch with all his college friends, but he does occasionally stalk Dean on social media. He’s never been bold enough to contact him, but once every couple of years, he’ll look him up on Facebook and stare wistfully at his public photos. He hasn’t been on Facebook in quite a while, however, so he hasn’t seen the flood of pictures Dean’s posted in the last 22 months, announcing the launch of TFW, promoting his magazine articles, or celebrating his most ambitious and high-profile projects.
to know, doesn’t he? Dean was a buffoon that whole year in college, falling all over himself to impress Cas, to make him smile, anything. It was so obvious. Wasn’t it?
Cas takes a very cautious step forward, one finger held out towards the cat, like he’s telling Mr. Whiskers to wait a second.
It's been 3 days since It Happened. Three long, loud, traumatizing days . . at least for Sam. Dean & Cas are officially A Thing, and Sam is texting Eileen with an update / cry for help / SOS. (Cas & Dean would text, but their hands are otherwise engaged right now.)
The living room is filthy. There’s dog shit on the floor, stacks and stacks of pizza boxes taking up one whole wall. There’s clothes strewn everywhere, even a jacket on the coffee table. It’s obviously been thrown over something, and Dean’s reminded of a crystal ball at a fortune teller’s shop.
“All the more reason to do what you want. You don’t have any clear rules, and your dad’s not reaching out to offer any. And if he’s a big fan of Dean’s, he probably wouldn’t object to using your powers to enhance your relationship, anyway. Michaela uses her powers all the time, and it’s
“OK first, your puppy dog eyes could use some work. Get Sam to give you some pointers. Second, my idea of fun involves a lot less vegetables and a lot more nudity. Third, I’m supposed to be dead, remember? I can’t post photos of me eating a pepper sandwich with my feet at the Post Office.”
The team voted on each item as it was completed (thumbs up for approval, or comments for suggestions to improve), and one of the most popular photos was Tobias’s Teddy Bear Hunt. #
“No, no. He’s never really had any conversations about sexuality in any of the books. Definitely no evidence of homophobia or anything like that. He’s friends with a couple of queer characters, and he’s always been very supportive of them.”
In fact, I’m pretty sure it would have killed me to go through all that again. So, even when the hellhound came for Dean a year later, I was already learning to separate myself from it. I was upset, sure. I tried everything I could to get him back. But I didn’t truly process his death. I didn’t really let myself feel it 100%. Then he came back a few months later, and over the next few years, we both died and came back so many times, I think it just got easier and easier to file it away in the “temporary” category. Like a shitty situation you have to get through, or wait out, or distract yourself from, until it runs its course. Because if I ever fully processed it, really thought this was The End for Dean . . . Let’s just say I understand how Dean got when Cas died and went to the Empty. When we thought Cas was really, permanently dead, Dean was the worst I’ve ever seen him. He actually killed himself, and though it was technically for a case, I don’t think he intended to come back. And I get that, because that’s exactly how I felt after that Wednesday in Florida. If I hadn’t found Gabriel, or if he’d refused to reset the timeline and give Dean another chance . . .
Cas feels inexplicably drawn to Dean. He can feel his grace pulling him towards the man like a tether. Nevertheless, he’s still having a hard time connecting to the things he’s been told, the things he’s read, the photos he’s seen. It’s not that he doesn’t believe the Winchesters, he just feels somewhat removed from the situation. He doesn’t remember ever feeling . . . love. Not romantic love, anyway. Could Dean (and Sam, and Melandriel, and apparently most of Heaven and Hell) be wrong about this?
Friend. OK, that stung a bit. But Dean bites his tongue and hopes his grin doesn’t look as strained as it feels.
Several days later, after a lot of flirting and one or two stolen moments in the supply closet at work, Dean decides to surprise Cas. He bribes Donna in HR to get Cas’s home address, and shows up at his door with pie. He didn’t expect Cas to live above an abandoned bowling alley, but it’s quirky, and that fits the guy’s personality.
Ruby wore a long-sleeved cotton dress, a long skirt, a head scarf, a white shawl, a white apron, and white sneakers, dug out her old Wii console, and found a copy of Dance Dance Revolution online. She was remarkably good, too!
There’s another ten seconds of deafening quiet. Dean starts out staring at Castiel’s face, stunned, but his eyes soon lose focus and drift down, until he’s looking at the antique wood planks of the library floor. His shoulders sag, centimeter by centimeter. He sniffs, and his nose suddenly sounds stuffy. Dean nods slowly.
“I’m older than you can imagine, Dean. I’ve waited far too long for this. If we agree to move forward, you must show respect . . . for me, for yourself, and for our relationship. No more drunken one-night stands. No more hiding. No more lies, from either of us. If we’re going to do this, we do it right, or not at all. Is that clear?”
Dean loves him?? Is that what the soft, gooey looks were, before dinner? The lovemaking? But they’ve done the lovemaking thing before, here and there. They’ve done it every so often for as long as they’ve been having sex. Every now and then, Dean will just be in a particular mood, that’s all. Though, now that Cas thinks about it, those moods are almost always preceded by attending a family gathering together, like a wedding, or a baby’s birthday, or Christmas, or by Dean saying something unusually sentimental. Have they actually been making love this whole time?!?
He got Sam and Cas to join him in ballerina drag, and they went to Esther’s house, because she always has candy. They didn’t warn her ahead of time, and when she answered the door, she laughed so hard she nearly peed her pants.
“Or maybe Dean’s a lousy cheater, and he’s walking all over that sweet angel’s heart. I’d wanna know, if it was me,” Donna says, in a rather dramatic stage whisper.
Cas tilts his head at him, and the look on his face reminds Dean of his mom. “You still don’t like vegetables, huh? I thought you’d grow out of that.”
As far as Cas was concerned, after he killed Belphagor and helped close the Hellmouth, he returned to Heaven to reconcile his feelings over Chuck’s betrayal and reconnect with the remaining angels. He also made it a point to visit Bobby, Mary, and John, on Sam’s behalf. (Naomi had been careful to warn everyone not to mention Dean, so Castiel’s time in Heaven went relatively smoothly.)
“Nope, took a day off. Getting a new tattoo, running some errands, and then taking Cas out to dinner and a movie.”
It would nice to date someone I could be honest with; someone who could know who I really am, what I do for a living. Somebody I wouldn’t have to worry about protecting all the time. Somebody who looks at me the way Cas looks at Dean. Somebody I won’t get killed.
The apartment has an open floor plan and Dean can see most of the kitchen, from where he stands. The sink is full of dirty dishes, the trash is overflowing, and there are at least 50 full Tupperware containers stacked up in front of the breakfast bar. There’s a huge smear of something dark red across the freezer door. The bathroom door is open, and Dean can see several bloodstained towels in a heap, next to the bathtub.
maintaining a straight face. He cracks a bit when Cas starts to snicker, but sticks his nose in the air and plows on anyway, determined to see the gag through.
They’ve been together for eight months, and now that the newness has worn off, and they’re past the point where they’re having sex three times a day, Dean is realizing that Cas is exactly the same as he was before they got together. Like, exactly. He doesn’t behave any differently towards Dean than he ever did (except for the sex, obviously). Maybe he smiles more, but that’s it. When Dean asked him to move into his bedroom, he wasn’t excited, or touched, or surprised, he just . . . acquiesced, as if it was any other decision. As if they’d been deciding whose car to take on a supply run. Cas has never suggested anything about their relationship, once they decided to HAVE a relationship. It’s like it was a checkbox on a list: Be Dean’s boyfriend. Check. Done. They don’t do romance, at all. (Not that Dean is looking to be swept off his feet, but he’s pretty sure there’s supposed to be SOME kind of occasional romantic gesture, here and there.) Dean is the one who always initiates sex, or even kissing. Cas never refuses him, and he seems to enjoy himself, but now that Dean’s thinking about it, Cas has never initiated sex, even once. Dean’s the one who’s asked Cas out on every date they’ve ever been on. He cooks Cas’s favorite foods, and gets him to try new ones, now that he’s semi-human and has to eat on a regular basis. He leaves Cas notes when he and Sam go out on short milk-run cases, and texts him goodnight whenever they’re apart at night. Dean certainly isn’t the candlelit dinner type, but he remembers the things that made Lisa happy when they were together, and some of the things he’s seen in chick flicks that made him smile. Loathe as he might be to admit it, Dean knows relationships – good relationships – require effort, and he loves Cas, so he’s been willing to put in the work from the start.
In the background, has been a haphazard series of boyfriends, girlfriends, and hookups, but no real promising, long-term relationships for either of them. So, in the last couple of years, they’ve decided to add “benefits” to their friendship. Dean officially gave up on dating a few years back, and Cas wasn’t seeing anyone at the time, so their arrangement had worked out just fine. Even better, (or worse, depending on your perspective) because Cas has been rather madly in love with Dean for several years. Sadly, Dean has never shown any real romantic interest, and with his announcement that he was “quitting the dating game for good”, Cas knew he’d never have the chance to be anything more with Dean. So, when his friend laid out his proposition for a fuck-buddy arrangement, Cas figured he may as well take what he could get, even if it was less than what he truly wished for.
Dean looked around Billy Frogs a couple of times, and finally asked Jody, “Hey, isn’t it kinda dead for a karaoke place?”. “Oh, karaoke doesn’t start til 10pm. We figured it’d be best to get you liquored up first!” Donna broke in, waggling her eyebrows. Never one to argue for sobriety, Dean nodded his assent, and focused on the menu in his hands. After all, there was no way he was doing this sober.
the Rotor ride, thank you), Dean feeds it to Cas in little handfuls, as they walk. He catches Cas looking at him after a few bites, and looks bemused. “What’s up? Is there cotton candy splooge on my face?”
Sam, I’ve fixed Cas’s tie 3 times already, but it keeps getting turned around somehow. What do I do?
After several hours (OK, maybe 8 seconds), Cas’s confusion turns to caution. “Are you sure? I thought . . . “
And that was the end of sneaking around. Claire wasn’t the least bit fazed. She never even asked if they were dating, she just started referring to Dean as “my dad’s boyfriend”. They talked to her about it, of course, the first time they heard it, but Claire seemed 100% fine with the change in their relationship, like she was two steps ahead of them all along.
Dean leans over to pick up the discarded, gore-smeared jacket. “There’s a commercial boiler down there, sweetheart. We’re burning the evidence.”
15 minutes later, Cas lets himself into Dean’s house, toeing off his shoes and hollering, “It’s me!”. Dean comes walking out of the kitchen to meet him, reaching for the bottle of wine and hugging Cas around one shoulder.
“You’re probably right. I don’t understand it! Zoe’s pretty good at flirting, I’ve seen her do it. And Charlie’s certainly not stupid. How is she missing this?” Madison pauses, then her voice drops an octave. “Wait. You don’t think Charlie KNOWS Zoe likes her, and she’s just pretending not to notice because she’s not interested, do you?”
Cas has lived in his house for six years, and it’s a nice place, but he’s always had vague ideas about customizing it a bit. Making it his dream house. Now, with the influx of cash from the movie deal, he decides it’s time. The kids are old enough to navigate safely around a little renovation work, and he’d really like to take full advantage of the beautiful NC weather. He spends some time on the internet, and decides he wants one of those big, folding glass walls, leading from his existing kitchen out to a big patio and an outdoor kitchen. It will undoubtedly be expensive, but Cas believes it will be worth it, and after all – he spends all his time in this house. He might as well enjoy it as much as possible, right?
“No he didn’t. I heard the Impala at 7am. Can he at least stay to make breakfast, next time? His French toast is way better than yours.”
“But you’re still friends, right? You still have lunch, and text, and you’re still hanging out now and then, right?”
“I start kindergarten today!” The kid’s grin could not be any bigger, and Dean can’t help but smile back.
Claire dashes back down the hall, as Dean steps forward, grinning, to take her place. “Bye Daddy,” Dean teases, in a much lower voice. He leans in for his own, significantly longer kiss, only stepping away when Claire’s impatient holler echoes from the mudroom door.
Cas leaned over and kissed Dean’s cheek. “That was a good song choice, Dean. Very tongue in cheek, considering your history with law enforcement.” Dean squeezed Cas’s arm and leaned in, mumbling low in his ear, “Oh, I’ll give ya tongue in cheek . . . “. Cas just rolled his eyes at his hunter, as the next singer came onstage.
This time Dean was the one who hesitated, but slowly moved the carrier back to its previous position. “I’m gonna take that as a compliment, because it’s really fucking good coffee.”
That seemed to be enough to mollify Melanie, and two days later, they were all eagerly waiting for the List to drop. They’d already agreed that Charlie would post a Google doc that the whole team could access, and that they’d each choose 2 or 3 items at a time, then claim more once those were complete. Everyone would post their completed items on the private Facebook page, and the team would comment with offers of help, suggestions, or approval for each item, as they went along.
Scrolling back up a bit, Dean tried to read the text at the top of the page, but Charlie kept jerking the phone around, gibbering about “items” and “lists” and “charity”. Chasing the jumping text with his eyes started to make Dean a little nauseated, so he tried a different approach. He grabbed Charlie’s forearm and held her still.
Struggling to speak through the giant grin on his face, Sam says, “Cas. They think you and Cas are together, and you cheated on him the other night. You dog, you! How could you?” Sam starts to lose it again on the last couple of words.
As it turned out, the Cornucopia locals weren’t the only civilians who got dragged into the GISH hunt. Melanie’s grandfather ended up in a trashy mini-dress, a wig, high heels, and hoop earrings, for
“I’m really glad to hear that. You can never be too careful.” Dean jokes. Then, a little gentler, “Think you can tell me what all those tears were about, now?”
I know that’s pretty co-dependant, but it is what it is. We’ve always been each other’s greatest strength and greatest weakness. I’m a little better at locking that down, maybe, but it’s always there. I know it’s put us both in danger a hundred times, but it’s also saved us a thousand more. Hell, it’s saved the whole world, a few times. And truth be told, it will probably kill us both, in the end. But so be it. I’d honestly rather die fighting next to Dean, than die of old age with anyone else. (OK, it’d be great if we both actually made it to old age, but come on, that’s not really in the cards for the Winchesters.)
"Why are you awake?" Castiel counters, which means he doesn't want to answer Dean's questions. Definitely nightmares, then. Great.
"Good morning, Jack, Claire, Kaia," Cas replies stiffly, punctuating his words with a deep swallow of his coffee, despite the fact that it should be hot.
"I would like to argue because there's not one Beyonce song on there, but I am, admittedly, very fond of it," Cas tells him.
Castiel shakes his head, but he doesn't say anything else. He just looks down and away. The moment between them feels brittle and stretched thin, capable of shattering apart at any second, at any wrong move. Castiel has that look he gets like he wants to run away, like he has always gotten right before taking flight, but he has nowhere to go. He's human. His wings have been broken for a long time, all for a man who doesn't love him back.
"But hey, I don't got room to judge. I wasn't paying you either," Dean declares. He clicks his tongue and shakes his head. "You want compensation?"
His head spins as he hits his knees, hand coming up to press hard against his chest. There is the empty, cavernous feeling of having absolutely no grace inside him, fleeting and flickering as it may have been there at the end. It is not agony, but a mere discomfort. No, agony comes with being a human. It is no more pleasant than the first time. Being human is an intrinsically painful experience, overwhelming, though undeniably wondrous.
For everything, for too much. I'm really sorry, and I—" His voice catches, choking him, and he looks away. His breath shudders out of him as he closes his eyes. "Goodbye, Cas."
"So, uh, listen…" Dean chews on his bottom lip for a moment, then reaches around to scratch at the back of his head, looking down and kicking at loose leaves. "I, um… I need to talk to you, Cas."
Dean starts walking backwards, hands sliding down Cas' chest, but Cas seems to get the idea because he abruptly starts pushing Dean back faster. They break apart for a moment, just so Cas can give him a firm
"Yeah, that makes sense. That'll be good. So, can I put your number down for mechanic? It'll be another week or two before I send out the codex for good, so you've got time to work out the kinks."
for not wanting anything with me. Hell, you could say that's him having some goddamn sense for once," Dean muses, snorting.
The sixth thing that happens is that Claire punches him in the face—a full right hook that lands spectacularly well and shocks the shit out of him. In his defence, Dean doesn't see it coming.
"But you have to," Sam says, leaning back as he drops his hand, an apology written in every line of his face when Dean opens his eyes to look. "Loss like this… It'll make you waste away if you're not careful, and I can't—Dean, I can't let that happen. I
From his left, there's a gruff, "Dean," that has him whirling around with his gun at the ready before he's even fully thought the motion through.
Dean grips his beer tight, letting the engravings on the bottle dig into his palm. "Sam, I'm not—I don't—"
however, still don't know how to check the oil in a car, and I don't know who better to teach you than Dean."
Dean slowly drops his arms, letting them hang at his sides. A sense of dread drops down his spine, like someone cracked an egg at the top of his back. "So what's the issue? Come on, man, you gotta give me something here. I didn't freak out about the sex thing, so give me the benefit of the doubt. You said you left
"I kinda figured." Dean gives a shrug like he wasn't just internally panicking a moment ago. He flicks his gaze away, then right back. His heart is a loud drum in his ears. "Do you like it here in the Bunker? Or, would you prefer...a house? Cabin? Tent? Can you even pitch a tent? Oh, don't fucking tell me. You're gonna be one of those people who wanna buy a bus and live outta that, aren't you?"
the vibration of that hum in his chest up against his back. His eyes flutter shut, and Cas muses, "Have you thought of me in a cowboy hat often, Dean?"
Do dad things and teach me how to check the oil before my girlfriend strangles me the next time my car breaks down on me when she's stranded at the hotel and can't get to me."
Castiel's phone was thankfully not in his pocket when he was swallowed up by the Empty, which means that it is in his room. Where he hides. He feels that it is well within his right to hide.
"Smart angel is smart. I'm saving you a cookie. Okay, good news first. There's only a twenty percent chance that Dean doesn't want to suck your dick, and most of that percentage is made up on my confusion on why anyone would want to anyway. Also, there's—oh,
Cas takes a deep breath, then releases it. "The Empty wanted to...take him. It believed that Jack belonged to it. Heaven was collapsing, and I couldn't get Jack out in time before the Empty located him. It was going to take him, so I—I—"
"Did you have something in mind?" Cas asks casually, as if he's not actively eating Dean alive with his eyes
he's talking to. He has just enough mind to make sure it isn't Shawn—a sort of instinctive thing he does without meaning to—and then he stops paying attention at all. He's just watching to fill Castiel in on whatever he misses, that's it.
"I'm sorry, Cas," Dean whispers, telling the jar and the spread ashes and the earth itself, like a confession. His whole face feels tight and twisted, his throat clogged. "I couldn't save you, man. I'm so fucking—I'm
sunshine and rainbows. They get brief moments of reprieve that they have to reach out and hold onto, and goddammit, Dean's about to milk this one for all it's worth.
"I said no, and that's final," Dean grinds out, the cadence to his voice reminding him so viscerally of his own dad that it only serves to piss him off even more. He shoves his chair back and stands up, turning to march away.
sense," Sam blurts out, looking genuinely thrown, as if this is the last thing he expected to find out.
Dean would have noticed, and he's been looking for it, looking for absolutely any hint of sadness or hurt, but there's nothing to be found. Castiel is just like he's always been around Dean. Knowing what heartbreak looks like, that's
"The plan was to, uh—to…" Dean sucks in a sharp breath, holding it. Cas stares at him in blatant confusion, an undercurrent of concern in there. He's fixated entirely on Dean, and Dean soaks it up like a dried-out sponge, kind of starving for it. He's missed that, the way Cas looks at him, the way Cas cares about him. Dean feels parched.
It's a slow, languid kiss. Deep as always, because Cas never does anything halfway. But it's not rushed, and it's not a bargain, and it's not something that just happens. It's everything else. It's all of it.
With Jack back for the time being, Castiel feels centered on something that doesn't come with any strain. It is so, so very good to see him. He looks well and happy, smiling freely and enjoying the meal that Dean put together. Castiel soaks in his presence, trying not to think of how unfair his situation is.
Disgusted with himself, the beer, Dean, and absolutely everything that has allowed this to happen to Jack, Castiel turns and tosses the beer into the trashcan with a sharp clatter that fills the otherwise silent room. He feels like his bones are about to rattle out of his skin, shaking with how hard he's restraining himself from stomping out right now and finding Chuck with the sole purpose of setting him on fire.
killing Sam." Cas rolls his eyes up and over, then looks briefly stricken, his gaze fixing on Dean with intensity. "You...visited this Lee?"
Either way, Castiel hunkers down with them every day in front of his very own laptop and phone to look for a case, occasionally texting Claire and Eileen—the first for obvious reasons, the second because, apparently, her and Castiel are friends. Dean has watched them on a video call. Eileen calls them Zombie Buddies because they've both come back from the dead, and Castiel lets her, despite the fact that it's inaccurate and he'd protest if it was literally anyone else saying it.
"Was that alright?" Cas asks, like he doesn't know that he actually managed to ruin Dean, just as he set out to do from the start.
"That's always what you and the other two idiots do. Anyway, I tried to calm him down. He was pretty fucked up about it, and then he was worried about his powers, said that things were getting strange. I vanished with everyone else after that, but I don't remember it. I was just here one day, then back the next. I don't think we'd have known if Sam hadn't told Jody, who told everyone else. That woman should get a goddamn award, you know."
Dean has never—done this. He doesn't know why he is now, why it's with her. Maybe because she has opened up about Levina. But probably not. He doesn't exactly get a choice in the matter. It all just comes pouring out of him, and there's nothing he can do to halt it, to lessen the impact.
Dean doesn't know what he's expecting. He's not doing this for him, but it's not like he's not even present. He can feel the bump of Castiel's nose, the slight drag of scruff under Dean's palms. Castiel's lips are slightly chapped, but they're warm. They're normal. They're human.
He won't, however. He forces himself to inhale, then exhale. It does little good, but he won't give Dean the satisfaction. Whatever he's doing—whatever the reason he's outright goading him—Castiel wants no part of it. The only thing he wants is—
When they pull away, they linger close for a long moment, and then Dean clears his throat and backs off. As he gives into the urge to drag his knuckles down Cas' cheek before dropping his hand, he quietly says, "We'll find Jack, Cas. It's going to be okay."
Castiel has Dean pinned under a glare in seconds, relishing in the way he snaps his mouth shut, eyes widening just a fraction. His eyes—his eyes—
His whole thing is just the way it was when he caught them kissing the first time—something that happens, whatever, keep it moving. And Dean? Dean adores him for that.
"Mornin'," Dean replies in a grunt, his voice rough with sleep, even still. He watches in fascination as Cas' eyes flutter shut, his fingers tightening around the mug like he's trying to strangle it. Dean clears his throat. "Can I borrow that?"
What happens next is essentially Dean humping Cas' thigh like a damn dog in heat and completely losing his cool. He has exactly zero control over his own hips, because the moment he figures out that he's got the room to rock them, they do it of their own accord and he's left to reap the benefits. His head spins, mouth falling slack and eyes falling shut. His whole body feels hot, and he's wound so tight from wanting Cas specifically that every single thing about this feels like the
Cas looks like he's been slapped, complete with him rearing back just a little, hurt flashing across his face. It lingers there for a second, then wipes clean from his expression. For a long moment, they just stare at each other, the tension so thick in the room that moving is damn near impossible, like it's squeezing all around them.
The more that Dean looks, the more that he sees. It's a definite mixture of Cas and Jack both. There's a weird lamp with no shades, one of those three-way lamps that can be moved, and a lanyard with what looks to be some kind of information on the card inside is hanging off one of the sections of the lamp, like tossed over a hydra head. There's a pair of shoes in the corner near a plant, the kind that light up when you stomp 'em—definitely Jack. The trenchcoat Dean would recognize anywhere is draped over the coat-rack, the collar popped like something out of a fifties film noir.
to look away first. He doesn't even allow himself to blink when he feels the head of Cas' dick rest against his bottom lip. He wins, though. The moment he shifts forward to fit his mouth around Cas, he wins. Cas chokes out a soft whimper, his eyes fluttering shut, and Dean feels fucking
Things are so rough between them that even Rowena sees it. She tells them to fix it, like it's that simple. It's never that goddamn simple. A part of Dean thinks it
Dude, you can't seriously be considering that. Your face is already perfect, man, and you wanna make it look
"Yeah," Dean agrees simply, because he had said that. He remembers it. He hasn't thought about it a lot since, considering they never got the chance, and now he knows better than to hope for shit like that.
"You're welcome." Cas moves over to a cabinet with familiarity, reaching to grab a cup with different colored circles on it. He goes into the fridge and brings out an honest-to-god pitcher with a filter in it, half-melted ice clinking as he pours some into the glass. When he finishes, he turns and holds it out to Dean, not meeting his eyes. "Here."
"Ca-as," Dean sing-songs, soft about it, his lips curling up. He trails his finger up the bridge of Cas' nose, stroking the wrinkled skin between his eyebrows. It's soft. "I know you can hear me, buddy. Don't ignore me. Wakey-wakey."
"Very good bacon," Castiel counters, but he sounds amused. When Dean looks up, his lips are quirked at the corners. He shakes his head and stands up straighter, taking a step like he's about to leave the kitchen, only to come to a halt. He's stopped. By a hand. Specifically, Dean's hand, on his chest. Just sort of...keeping him there. He frowns and looks up, uncertain. "Dean? What is it?"
He feels seen in the best and worst way possible. A part of him thinks that Castiel's words are a lie, but that part is quickly smothered because Castiel just
Castiel blinks, surprised by that admission. He sincerely doubts the probability of such a thing. Frankly, it's impossible. "Dean, your father is dead."
something in Dean shattering, and he loses control on the tight grip he has on his restraint in a heartbeat. He gives into it, sort of helpless to do anything else. His hands are flying up to Cas' face before he's even made the decision to, his body yanking him along as it moves closer, and Cas looks startled for that split second before Dean finds himself leaning in. He has the time to shove him away, but he doesn't. He
"You—I—" Dean struggles for a minute, his face feeling hot and kinda twitchy. Jesus Christ, he actually said that before, didn't he? At least twice. Probably some form of the Dean Winchester Deflection System, or maybe the Dean Winchester Oblivious Tendency—meaning he knew how bad it was to say it but insisted on saying it to try and disprove
"I don't know if I can," Sorine says. "Without her, it seems… I don't know how to believe in it anymore."
"I'm willing to do that, and anything, because I love you, Dean," Castiel tells him, willing him to get it, to understand, to realize the root of all of this.
"I'm sorry," Cas says, and at least he has the decency to be a little sheepish. "You look—you're very…"
Sam has handled Dean and Castiel's new dynamic with admirable poise. He doesn't treat it like it's new, or different, or unexpected. He cares, but he doesn't really
He doesn't want to think about this at all. He can guess from the general situation that it's not really a good...relationship. Cas literally has orgies. The other Dean doesn't seem to care that he's asking Cas to die, just does it briskly, like an order almost. There's no warmth there, but Dean can imagine just how heated it must get between them—hot and brutal and probably very bad for them both, but at the end of the world, does it even matter?
Dean almost says, distantly aware that he sounds put out. He grimaces and shakes his head. "I don't know."
Cas kisses him like no one else does, like no one else ever has. Dean absolutely does not think about it unless it's happening to him, and then he doesn't have the ability to think at all. What does it say about him that he occasionally kisses his best friend, who's a man? Dean doesn't know, and he doesn't really want to find out, either.
"I do want to," Castiel points out, because Dean has to know that. It's not him struggling, and he doesn't understand why Dean is forcing himself to struggle.
"It'll be nice. We'll be—we can be happy," Sam murmurs decisively, nodding firmly like it's set in stone as long as he believes in it hard enough.
Sam huffs a quiet laugh and nods. "Yeah, I know. Thanks, but that's not what this is about. Just, look, all I'm saying is...if it's okay for everyone else, in spite of Dad's bullshit, then it's okay for you, too."
"She wasn't upset, Cas. Ya know, it was nice of you. Why'd you do that anyway? Why her and not Jack?"
of Dean. If this is how it affects him, how is he meant to spend any time with Dean at all, ever again? How is he supposed to look at Dean ever again? He can't. This is too shameful.
He doesn't know what it means that he can feel Cas throughout the world, like he's a part of the reason it turns, like the low awareness within him recognizes Cas in the hum of life when he isn't even here anymore. It's like this meadow is his epicenter, where it all originates from, left over from his ashes. Perhaps they really did make this place holy.
"You," Dean blurts out, then his gaze drops to Cas' fingers again. "Those." His eyes crawl down and to the side, latching onto Cas' dick, and he speaks like he's ordering off a menu. "Or that. Both. Any. All of it. Something, anything, just—just get
Cas is stiff from head-to-toe, so his nod is a little jerky. "Yes. I mean the sex. We have to stop."
"Wait, call me yours again," Dean mumbles, laughing slightly, breathless, and he's raising up to hum into Castiel's mouth, kissing him hard.
"Move out of the way, please," Castiel manages to bite out through a clenched jaw, and he's trying. He's trying
The mug doesn't break when it hits the ground. It sort of just...bounces a little and goes really still, empty. Dean feels all the breath in his lungs escape him in one big gust, and he's shoved so forcefully into the giddy part of the never-ending cycle that he forgets what it feels like to be grumpy at all.
Dean stays plastered to the door like he's made the decision to become one with it, which is very inconvenient for what Castiel is trying to do here. He sighs and reaches out to—quite literally—pull Dean away from the door he's treating as his safety blanket and right into a hug. They've hugged before. Castiel has loved him through every single one, so this one isn't very different from those.
The thing is, Dean is always so pissed off at Cas. Frustrated with him. Annoyed by him. Expecting things from him. But there's also that trust, along with a persistent fondness, among other things that he doesn't dare give a name to. If he doesn't name 'em and doesn't acknowledge 'em, then they're not there and they have no power over him.
"It's the right thing to do," Castiel adds, doing his best to apply some gravity to his tone, but he thinks he's failing. He thinks he looks happy. He feels happy.
Castiel's face steadily gets warmer under his fingers, flushing darker, but he holds Dean's gaze, refusing to look away. His voice is hoarse when he says, "Ditto, sweetheart."
It's just...gone, as if Dean's recent reveal finally plucked the proper string to unravel it all and tug it firmly from his chest, a process handled so smoothly that Castiel didn't even notice it happening. He almost doesn't know what to do now that it's gone.
Sex that night is less about need and more about comfort, a surge of emotion that swells and goes unspoken. It's tender, tragically so, all because Dean can't stand the thought of Cas dying again. He holds on tight and gets as close as he can, as if Cas will just disappear if he's not trying to keep him there.
"Yes to both, actually." Cas shoots him an amused look. "He also insists that we have to wash my truck at least twice a month, or else I'm neglecting my vehicle. And he makes fun of my plants."
"I have to rinse it," Cas reminds him, holding up the glass and tossing him a smile over his shoulder, looking a lot more energetic than Dean does. "I will be right back."
The door bursts open as the wall bleeds black, and Dean whispers a frantic, "Cas," right before Cas smiles and grabs his arm.
"I don't understand what that has to do with the truck. Is it—a sign of favoritism? I don't have favorites." Cas pauses, then slants Dean a slightly pointed look. "Well, outside of you, I don't."
"At the moment?" Castiel asks, reaching up to pinch his nose, feeling the headache start right in between his eyebrows. Dean
Castiel lets himself be kissed at first, and he seems quite a mess about it, but then he's kissing Dean
He rips his gaze away from the windmill to check that things are still in working order, running his gaze over the swaying grass in the distance. It's all pushed to the left under the weight of the breeze, so why did the windmill just—
you'll call. There's this—this stupid piece of shit ache in my gut that I can't get rid of, and it's
about that, though. Everything seems so inconsequential compared to this, compared to Cas being back, being here under Dean's hands.
Dean ends up on the floor by his nightstand, propped up against the wall with the flower cradled in one palm, his other hand bringing a bottle back to his mouth over and over. At some point, he gets so loaded that he can barely hold his eyes open.
The shock that slams into him is hard and heavy-hitting. It jolts through him with a number of other feelings at Dean's insinuation. Horror, because Dean is just calling attention to it. Desire, because yes, actually, he does want to do that. Shame, because of that desire. And, loudest and worst of them all, the emotion that grips him the hardest and pushes him to react before Dean can finish is absolute, unequivocal rage.
But—but he must have, if Cas is doing this. And Cas is clearly doing this. He's not changing his mind, or taking it back, or swaying from his decision. It's clear in every line of his body, his entire frame solid like an immovable object that can and will withstand an unstoppable force. He means it. Every word he's said, he genuinely means it.
Because, no matter how fucked up things are, Dean still has this mess of complicated feelings he can't escape. It's easier to bury with all this going on with Jack, but it doesn't erase anything. It's all still there, just simmering under the surface. So, Cas is here, and Dean is terrified for a split second until it turns out that Chuck is
The way he would look at Castiel when Dean wasn't paying attention wasn't anything short of amused and—well, very knowing. The vampire took great enjoyment in showing off just how much Dean seemed to like him. It's a shame he's dead, or else Castiel could make rude commentary.
Even still, it gnaws at Castiel—the way Dean has been acting towards him. Riling him up on purpose, running when Castiel responds. It isn't right. Castiel should be a lot angrier than he is, perhaps even disgusted, but he doesn't know how to see Dean's flaws for what they are and not pick them apart, finding the source, examining them in a way that will excuse him. If he can't, he simply ignores them, because loving Dean is more than just something he can't stop himself from doing. It's something he wants to do. Something he
"Awhile," is all Dean can bring himself to say, all that he manages, and then he can't choke anything else out, far too busy choking on emotion.
Just like that. The unspoken thing given acknowledgement, and therefore power. Because what they were, that wasn't just friends. That was more.
Dean looks away for a beat, then searches Castiel's face as his eyes flutter. He has long eyelashes. Dean has never noticed that before. The wrinkle in between his eyebrows smooth out slowly, but the stubborn lock of his hair doesn't move. Dean is reaching for it before he even makes the decision to, then halting his hand in mid-air.
"You're not funny," Dean tells him, voice low. He clenches his jaw, nostrils flaring. "So, you are?"
***if you wanna scroll lazily past, it starts getting semi-explicit with, "M'gonna take my time, then," Dean warns. and you can stop lazily scrolling right about, "That was—that—" Cas has to pause to catch his breath.***
Cas is close, and he scans Dean's face. What he finds makes his own expression crumble, and Dean can't handle that. He can't witness it and do nothing. He's moving before he even makes the decision to, reaching out on some unearthed instinct he wasn't aware of—wanting to help, to fix it, and knowing that there's not a goddamn thing he can do.
Sam and Jack flinch back in twin responses of horror, and Dean knows exactly why. The admission had ripped out of him raw and aching, a hoarse shout that bounces off the surrounding silence like a scream for help. Dean's breath hitches in his throat, his vision blurry, and then he palms at his mouth and wrenches around to march away.
"Yeah, yeah, he is." Sam glances towards him again, then quickly away. Dean can see it in the reflection of the window. "He's good with Jack."
"Jack," Cas greets roughly, then clears his throat, which is like dragging metal against metal. He doesn't look at Dean, but he blinks rapidly for a few seconds, apparently needing to get his shit together, too. "Yes. Hello, good morning, Jack."
There's really no finesse to how it happens. Cas just kisses him with so much fucking intensity, and then he reaches down to grab Dean's hips, jerking them fast, guiding him into rocking along to the motion. It's hot and heavy, and Dean is making these shocked noises that all sound like approval to his ears, sparks lighting up in every nerve.
He hopes, and he keeps hoping, and it's a hopeless endeavor. Cas doesn't come, and Dean remains intact and pulled taught, and that's all there is.
fucking nice. They're as wrapped around each other as they're going to get while standing on their own two feet, and still trying to get closer. Dean pushes his flowerless-hand to the back of Cas' neck, pressing his fingers up into Cas' hair, keeping the kiss from breaking, no matter how lightheaded he gets.
He doesn't say anything else. He doesn't cry. He doesn't leave for a very, very long time. He just stands there, eyes closed, feeling the breeze and feeling numb all the way through.
Dean won't know for certain if that's the case until he actually gets the chance to bring it up, but he'd be willing to bet a lot of money on the way he believes it will go.
Dean makes a face, tipping his head to the side. "Actually, maybe it's best if you don't. "Goddamn, I can't believe—no, actually, I kinda can. Who else?"
about to be something. Not the best way to go about it, admittedly, but Dean's an asshole in love and desperate to be touched.
The truth is, Dean doesn't know where Cas is, or how to find him. The time is ticking away, and he can feel his dread start to thicken, breeding a panic that threatens to choke him. He's starting to think about that age-old feeling that something bad would happen to Cas, starting to think maybe something already has. He can barely breathe.
want you to, but I'm just gonna keep pulling away if you give me the chance to, and I don't want to do that, so...don't give me the chance to. Like I said, I'm a mess. If you just do it, and keep doing it, I'm going to eventually give in, and that's exactly where I wanna be right now."
Dean's hand hangs in the air, still poised to hit, frozen in place. There's a tang of rust—blood, hot and wet on Cas' tongue that traces his bottom lip. Another surge of emotion fights against the prickle of his skin, and this time, it breaks free. His hand falls slack, dropping to his side. It's like someone just hit his off-switch.
"Alright," Castiel cuts in, because he's very certain he understands this about Dean already. "On that level, you can't talk negatively about Jack. Or Claire."
Dean doesn't really know what to make of the scattered people throughout the Bunker. He's glad to be home, but to see home so changed is sort of like a slap to the face. He's going to need time to adjust, that's for sure. And Sam being in charge? That's… Well, good for him.
If he didn't mean it, he wouldn't say it. That means Dean has to mean it, except Castiel is struggling with that conclusion.
was hot and he got a crush that he sort of just, uh, rolled his eyes and decided to look after you too, 'cause he wanted to impress me and get me to like him back. Without me, he would have probably left you like smear on the wall when he got annoyed. Liking you came later, and only 'cause he liked me first," Dean explains, lips curling up fondly. He was Cas' favorite. It's a nice feeling.
"Son of a bitch," Dean growls, giving Cas' soaking body a rough shove. He's a fucking angel. There's no way he drowned. There's no goddamn way.
Dean crosses his arms and leans back when Lee is close enough to touch, automatically drawing away before he even realizes he's doing it. He internally grimaces at himself, because
Castiel doesn't think he's even had a full fantasy involving Dean. He rectifies that shortly, giving into the tide of his most shameful thoughts. Thoughts that Dean started, that he's responsible for. Just the thought of Dean in the shower with him, and it really doesn't take much after that. It's another one of those knee-wobbling revelations that leave him leaning up against cool tile, his eyes closed, his chest heaving. Oh, the things Dean does to him.
"One Dean Winchester in the world is enough, I think," Sam mutters dryly. He rolls his eyes when Dean frowns at him. "A middle name, maybe. Also, shut up, it's not like
He's not going to stand by and let Cas act like he has any say on what Dean does or doesn't do. They're
Dean clenches his jaw and reaches forward to jab at the radio, turning it on. He's tired of the silence, and he's already so close now. He presses down harder on the gas, relishing in the growl as Baby jerks forward, almost as if she's as furious as him. Some stupid goddamn country song plays, so Dean jabs at the radio again, turning it over and over until he suddenly stops. He blinks.
"Woah," Dean breathes out, blinking rapidly as he moves his torso from side-to-side, no pain, "you really fixed me up, Cas. Lucky you were here, dude, or I'd be—" He cracks a smile and drags his finger over his throat, crossing his eyes, "—ya know."
"Not like in the garage, no, but if you think I'm not gonna flirt with you as obnoxiously as possible, you don't really know me. Now, are you gonna do something fun here in the next few seconds, or am I gonna have to start talking about the way I've been kinda obsessed with the idea of you fucking me up against a wall? 'Cause I can talk, or you can—"
"I—" Dean chokes on a laugh, reaching up to palm at his mouth, eyes bulging. "Dude, you have no fucking
Dean sighs mournfully and mutters a weak, "'Course not. Why would we? Awesome. Alright, we'll… We'll be out there in a minute, kid."
Dean sounds a little breathless—probably with horror—when he says, "Kinky." He's staring down at his sandwich with wide, glazed eyes. "Right, so...when you were human, too? Before that? Purgatory?"
Cas solves that problem for him by rocking back enough to yank at his own shirt, letting Dean help him pull it off and throw it carelessly aside. He reaches out quickly to drag Dean back in, making the most delicious sounds that have ever graced Dean's ears. It's all the encouragement he needs.
Kissing Cas is… Well, Dean didn't forget, exactly, but the real thing is so much better than memories. Especially the memory of their last. This one, though…oh, this one is
about it, as if he's tracking every second and every feeling, not drawn out of his head like Dean but tucked firmly in it.
When Michael pulls through for them, Dean asks to speak to Adam. It's so easy to forget that he's Dean's half-brother, and it shouldn't be. He deserved so much better than what he got, and Dean makes sure to tell Adam that, too.
Dean puts his gun away as the truck turns, and he doesn't watch them leave. He just falls to his knees next to a half-crumpled bush, cursing under his breath as he picks up some flattened flowers.
Dean stands there for a long moment, genuinely thrown off balance. Out of all this, the last thing he expected was for Cas to
For another long moment, amidst the banging on the door, like the drum to the end of the world, Cas just stares at Dean like he never wants to look away, like he'd be happy to do it for the rest of his life. If that's five minutes or fifty more years doesn't seem to matter, and Dean's heart is
said it because I was under the impression that it would have to be the last thing I ever had to say to you. I carried that around with me for years, and just confessing it made me happy enough to die. To die, and nothing else. Because saying it, accepting it,
Sam rolls his eyes. "We don't have a clear answer or anything. We just sort of agreed we wanted to do it—whatever it is—together. Retiring fully isn't simple, you're right, but there are other options. We could be an information hub, kinda like Bobby was. The Bunker has a lot of resources. We can help with the younger Hunters, bring back the false lines for law enforcement, things like that. Garth mostly handles it, but he's busy with his own family, you know that. We could take some weight off of him."
Bravely, he does. He's very hungry and comes prepared to lean into anything Dean throws his way, if need be. As long as he doesn't directly look at Dean for too long, it should be fine.
"Great. Awesome," Dean chirps, grinning as brightly as he can manage. "Hey, we even have time to stop by and get you a hat from somewhere if we go now. A cowboy hat, specifically. Doesn't that sound nice? That sounds nice to
The second week after Castiel is back flies by, and Dean falls into an easy routine with him again. It's unspoken that Castiel will just be with Sam and Dean now all the time. No one asks him to leave, and Dean won't
"I did," Cas confirms, then nips at the side of Dean's neck, sucking hard enough for it to almost hurt. He squeezes the side of Dean's thighs. "Now lean back."
That plays on in Dean's mind as Baby eats up backroads, turning over and over in a continuous loop. God, Cas would hate that. It makes Dean feel like he's failing even more than he already has been, and failing
"So look at me like a goddamn friend would, Cas. My eyes are up here, buddy," Dean mutters, raising his eyebrows at Cas when he snatches his gaze up.
Castiel protests in a growl, only to fall off into a rattling cough. So damn stubborn. Straining vocal chords and making it worse.
Castiel thinks, except Dean can stitch anything he likes into who they are and never suffer through the unraveling. It's just Castiel who has to endure.
Dean makes another unhappy noise as he hastily slides his hands up and knocks Cas' arms aside to push the coats off his shoulders. Cas bites his lip like a reprimand, and Dean jolts, curling into it with a startled moan. Cas doesn't do anything halfway. When he bites, he
however he could, because dealing with everything hurting on the inside like that, especially when it has gotten as bad as it did this morning, following the events of last night…
Dean gives one jerky nod and goes back to watching the windmill turn. Sam backs up, turns around, and leaves. He never comes back or mentions it again.
Dean licks his lips again, grinning when Castiel looks down to watch. "Awesome. Yeah, I'm—I'm good now. I mean, I'm sticky, and that's not great, but otherwise. Yeah."
"I was sleeping again?" Dean mutters with a grimace, reaching up to rub at his face, the sleeve of his hoodie soft and warm against his cheek.
Cas bites out, though the heated words aren't pointed at Dean. He turns his hand and grabs Dean's wrist, too, squeezing it in distracted apology, which Dean accepts easily enough. "It should be fine. It's just—I'll go and—"
The thought lingers. His body responds. It's so very responsive when it comes to Dean. A part of him wishes that he could blame it on humanism, but that would be a blatant lie. He's almost positive that it would be this bad if he'd told Dean his feelings earlier and got this response while he was an angel. Perhaps it would have even been more obvious. Broken wings trying to unfurl, grace surging forward to bust lightbulbs, eyes glowing in a way that simply shutting his eyes couldn't hide.
"What? No, Sam, what the—" Dean huffs and whirls around, needing his boots. He waves his hands a little wildly, batting away the issue carelessly. "Just make me my damn coffee! And get that goddamn laptop on!"
Ah, so they're doing this, then. Great. Try to avoid the explosive argument, only to walk right into it.
"No, I just—" Dean blinks rapidly and shakes his head like he's clearing water from his ears. "I mean that he's my best friend. That's the one that—the one I was telling you about."
Dean's appreciation of Shawn, the ranch, and his whole cowboy get-up is derailed rather quickly. Shawn's got a voice like honey, you see, somewhere between a southern drawl and midwestern one. Dean knows all about the drawl, and he knows how one deepens their drawl when going fishing for something or someone. He's used it himself at bars, hitting on women and letting his voice drop low and curl with something sweet and slightly dangerous at the same exact time. He's
to stop fighting for this. If he has to be miserable and keep internally begging Cas to come back forever for it to work, then he'll just do that. Because if he gave up and allowed himself to have some kind of relief, and it cost him that slim chance… Well. He'll never know, because he's never doing that, so.
"You can barely keep it together," Sam says gently, treading carefully but determined to continue on nonetheless. "Look, I know what this feels like, okay? I know
okay, so first, i rewatched s1 a little bit back, and i would like in on the record that michael was the first dean-coded kid on the show, and i have great fondness for him, if you couldn't tell. we see him again, rest assured, if you're hoping for that.
"Dean," Dean replies, ducking his head and moving over to get started on evening the ground out, erasing the treadmarks.
"Oh, hey, sounds good. I reckon I should get Cas up then, huh?" Dean mutters, making a beeline for the coffee immediately. If anything will soften the blow of him getting up earlier than usual, it's coffee.
"Oh my god," Dean chokes out, leaning back to press his fingers to his mouth, trying not to laugh like a goddamn idiot. "Are you—Cas, are you fucking with me right now?"
"Like that," Sam says. "You're just—I don't know. It's like you're wound so tight that you can barely breathe, Dean. I'm—I'm seriously worried."
"No, they were. Just." Claire is silent for a long moment, then she clears her throat. She's quiet when she speaks again. "They were religious. Well, you know that. They weren't mean, and they didn't actually think I was—I mean, I was just a kid. They just kinda sat me down and told me why I couldn't do things like that, why it was wrong."
like he's thanking him for his words and something else as well. Dean wants to say so much in response to that, and also nothing at all, but Cas goes on to bring up the angels. The guilt flares, and Dean tells himself that it's for the best that Cas is out of it.
and Dean feels like that perpetual pain in his center has vanished in its entirety, nothing lingering at all, almost like it was never there in the first place.
A part of Dean wants to ask him to fight anyway, to fight for him, but he's made that mistake before. Asking Cas to do something for him, just for him, like he's enough. Cas didn't do it then, and Dean's unwilling to ask for it now. That bone-deep trust in him urges him to, needling at him, encouraging the idea that this time,
Dean laughs. "Right? Through all this, Sam's got plans to wine and dine her. I think it's good for him, you know? There's nothing like falling in love while the world's falling apart."
"Also, thank you," Castiel adds, more than a little amused now, just as he always is when he sees Dean turn red. The bastard doesn't even look
Something not already established as acceptable. He's not very good at coming right out and saying things, so Castiel doesn't force him to. He just pulls back enough to do the next, most innocent thing he can think of. A simple kiss that's really more of two mouths brushing than a kiss at all.
"So, uh…" Dean clears his throat, tensing up when Cas lazily rolls his head to the side to look at him. He's so...fluid now, nothing stiff or awkward about him, and Dean finds himself missing it with a pang. Seeing Cas like this makes him feel wrong-footed.
There's something on pretty much every shelf—a stack of books, glass figurines, tiny plants that may or may not be fake. That's not even including the bigger plants littered around the room. Underneath the TV that is smaller than the one in the Dean Cave, but still moderately big, there's a goddamn piano—an old-type kind, complete with engraved wood and a small stool that's probably heavier than it looks. On the coffee table in front of the couch, there's strewn papers on top of it, an empty wine glass, and three coasters stacked on top of each other. The rug on the floor is one of those multi-colored ones with the trippy shapes, kinda weird and kinda fitting.
"That means you were pissed, doesn't it?" Claire snorts inelegantly, then there's a shift over the phone, like fabric fumbling and shushing over the receiver. Movement. "Well, maybe a kid would be better suited for the job, weird as it is. I mean, he seems...more optimistic, so that's—well, kids tend to be better than adults anyway, instinctively."
"Probably. Don't know what she sees in you, but she seems to like you well enough." Dean shrugs and raises his eyebrows. "You never know until you try."
"Dude, let the kid breathe," Dean cuts in, rolling his eyes as he waves a hand to the open chair with a beer sitting in front of it. "He's staying for dinner, so you've got plenty of time to fuss over him."
Dean leans in a little, half-turning so that he's facing Castiel and can look at him from up close. He searches his face, trying to find what Claire apparently saw, trying to locate even a
When he checks his phone at just under three minutes, he decides not to check it again. He swallows and puts it in his pocket, trying not to think about how epically he fucked this up. He might have just failed literally everyone, including Sam. He doesn't know how to cope with that, so he simply doesn't. He goes back to walking.
As it turns out, Castiel's fantasy about Dean joining him in the shower pales in comparison to the real thing.
"Some form of retirement is in my future, that's for sure, but not for a while. I'm glad you're liking it, though." Sam flashes him a broad grin. "I could do with a vacation every now and again, maybe."
Dean coughs, peeking at him with his head still ducked. "I dunno, man. What I gotta say is kind of important."
Perhaps it's just an excuse to fantasize about Dean yet again, but at this point, Castiel doesn't even care. He's so pent up that he takes far too much relish in moving to his bed and sprawling down on it, his hands working his pants open. His eyes drift shut as he puts his forearm over his mouth to ensure no untoward sounds escape, and his other hand starts something it is intimately familiar with now.
as he yanks a little at Castiel's shirt. He's seemingly doing it all mindlessly, not thinking. It's beautiful. Dean is so very beautiful, he always is, and this is no exception. Even as his face twists with visible frustration, yet again panting out, "Please, please, please," he looks like the most beautiful thing that Castiel has ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on.
Baby rumbles down the road, tires eating up pavement, her hood gleaming in the sun. It always seems to shine brighter these days.
Dean," the guy replies knowingly, looking Dean over more intently. "Well, that explains it. Yeah, hi, I'm Henry. I'm Cas' neighbor and, technically, his landlord."
Dinner passes in silence, and Castiel is thankful for that. Dean keeps watching him, but Castiel ignores that, too. The food is good. He focuses entirely on it and the chance to escape as soon as he can.
yeah, but friends would get upset in this situation, right? The only thing is, friends don't get upset like
"Five stages of grief?" Sorine raises her eyebrows at him. "Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, then acceptance. The kicker that they don't tell you is that you go through it over and over. Just because you reach acceptance once doesn't mean you get to stay there. Ain't that some bullshit?"
Dean clears his throat. "Eh, weird dream. I don't remember what it was about. It's fine, I'll probably just get started in the garage earlier than normal. You gonna come watch me be stupidly excited about car engines today?"
and mean it, because Cas was always that, no matter what else he wasn't. There's no sound around him, an eerie silence that only Purgatory can provide, making him feel even more alone than he already does.
"Stop with the fucking secrets, Cas. Just—I'm done, okay?" Dean gestures between himself and Cas, clenching his jaw. "I'm done with this bullshit. No more making decisions without talking to each other. No more trying to keep shit to ourselves. We either show our full hands, get it all out on the table, or this—us—will never work. It's never gonna be simple if we keep making it harder on ourselves."
"Lee," Dean murmurs, a warning in his tone. Despite this, he's swaying closer, his eyes drifting shut. It would be nice, he thinks. It would be nice to feel good, to feel
And whew buddy, there goes the next round of tears. They always blindside him. He nearly folds in half, and Sam has to swoop in hastily to save the flower from being crushed, which Dean doesn't have the energy to be thankful for right now. He reaches up and gingerly lays it on Dean's nightstand, then he sighs and scoots closer to Dean, leaning forward to squeeze his shoulder.
"As opposed to what?" Castiel's annoyance comes alive all over again, lying in wait. Dean's just as pissed off as he is. This isn't going well at all, though Castiel never expected it to. "How do you expect me to act, Dean?"
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Dean bursts out, interrupting with anger threaded through his voice. Castiel almost rears back in offense. "It's not a goddamn burden on my life, Cas! I don't
and Dean doesn't know how to handle it. He doesn't know what he's supposed to do. He wants to grab Cas and kiss him stupid, just go back to not talking and letting their bodies converse, but that's no longer an option. He wants to take the flower to the bottom of the ocean to forever ask
Dean slows down, fingers clenched tight around the wheel, his heart thumping heavy and bruised in his chest. The first notes open up, rolling soft and easy through the speakers, and Dean's eyes get hot and itchy from the very first word that Sorine sings.
"Okay… Shoot," Sam says, sounding suspicious, because he is a younger sibling with younger sibling instincts, and also he knows Dean pretty well.
"I know, I know. Just—just touch me, Cas, just touch me," Dean babbles, losing the thread of his usual inability to speak far too quickly. He no longer cares what he says, or how he sounds, and he needs no anger to motivate him. Arousal seems to do the trick just as well, if not better. "Wherever, however, I don't care. Just fucking touch me."
He stares at it helplessly, not understanding what the hell is happening. It's an older-style windmill, sure, but all the panels are still there. It shouldn't have just broken down, or it would have in a more visible way, and it still should react to the wind. Dean can feel the wind blowing right now.
He's out looking for news in a Heaven that has never really wanted him, and Dean's trying to put their kid in a cage.
It's fast, the both of them pushed so close to the brink already, nothing fancy about it. Dean barely has the ability to breathe and move his own hand while Cas gets him off, too lost in the feeling of it. That's okay, though, because Cas fucks up into Dean's fist, arching, gasping.
Dean rocks backwards and stumbles towards the bed on unsteady legs, just a mess of a human being at the moment. Sex. Fuck, he
It comes with very little warning, so Dean doesn't hold it against himself when he gasps like a goddamn damsel and then moans, hands darting out quick and desperate to grasp Cas' battered coat, yanking him in closer. This kiss is all Cas, deep and hard, sending Dean reeling in less than two seconds.
choose—Kaia—is the one he talks to the most, as if she's much more tolerable than the others. Dean finds that amusing for some reason.
It's complicated. Dean doesn't know how to process it when it's not happening. They have this thing they dance around, some of it bursting at the seams they've stitched together to try and hide it. There are brief touches, and emotional moments, and a continuous loop of doing everything they can to never have to lose each other, except they don't even have each other to start with.
Dean blinks rapidly, his eyebrows flying up his forehead. He's offended in an instant. "Well gee, Cas, you sure as shit wasn't complaining at the time. Excuse me for finding it a little hard to believe that our sex was an
Dean shrugs a little helplessly. "I dunno. I mean, that's what it looks like, because the second I tried, I thought of him. I just...feel bad, I guess. And listen, that just ain't like me, Zoey."
Dean swallows and squeezes his eyes shut tighter, willing himself to do it, to let it happen. It's possibly one of the most humiliating things he's ever experienced to stand here in this moment with tears prickling behind his eyelids, letting a man touch him and aching because it's the wrong one. All he fucking wants is Cas right now. Likely forever.
He hears the shush of skin across the sheets, so he reaches out, offering and taking all at once. Maybe if he stops framing it as something of an exchange based on wants and who has them, it'll be easier. It just—it feels so fucking
Cas has been on their side, with them, for so long now. Dean trusts in that, because that's how it's supposed to be. This isn't right. It feels
Dean exhales in relief, and then he just stands there for a long moment, staring at Cas. Before, Cas had claimed that Dean couldn't even look him in the eye, and now Dean can't look anywhere else. He's just… He can't help it. He feels sucked in, despite everything. His anger seems so flimsy right this second, and the table between them feels like a chasm they can't cross. It makes him ache.
"Oh, sure," Dean says, pitching his voice higher to a near-yell when Claire makes a theatrical show of putting her fingers in her ears. "He's got this freckle just below his—"
"Okay, nerd. But, also, you sure about that? Movies usually come with low lighting and close proximity. Hey, you could finally make your move," Dean tells him with a pointed look, a small smirk dancing at the corners of his lips. Mockery again.
Cas works with him through the transition yet again, fucking his mouth slow as he shifts and gets his clothes off. He has to reach back with his free hand to tug them off completely and toss them away, and then they're both naked. Dean's almost overwhelmed with how much he
"Ah, don't be like that, Cas." Sam laughs softly and reaches out to squeeze his shoulder, friendly and supportive. It is so easy with him. "I can tell you're grumpy, but dude, it's not so bad being here with us, is it? We're grateful you're back. It's just—it makes sense. All of us."
"Sounds like him. Again, I don't hate it. I don't mind helping that way, you know that. Is this all going in your codex? That thing ain't done yet?"
Cas is, as expected, very furious when he returns. It's a fight between them, and Dean isn't budging. Sam's there in the background, but the fight itself is mostly Cas and Dean. It's starting to escalate to the point that Dean's getting angry at
"You're a dick," Dean declares, curling the tie around his fist and tugging on it, jerking Cas closer. He yanks some more until their noses brush, raising his eyebrows. "Well, maybe the tie can stay."
"Yeah, yeah, you're right and I'm wrong, whatever. But you'll still just—I mean, whenever you wanna fuck, you'll just
"Mm," Cas agrees around his coffee, his eyes narrowing. He swallows his mouthful and lets out a resigned sigh. "Entertain them. I'll be out in a minute. And...thank you, Dean. For the coffee."
Dean shudders out a deep breath and puts his hand against Lee's shoulder, pushing him back and shaking his head. Yet again, he says, "I can't."
Cas is much more efficient than he is. He gets Dean out of his shirt, then his pants and underwear in almost no time at all. There's a small shuffle where they take the moment to get their own socks off, and then they're coming right back together to kiss again, completely fucking naked.
He replays the night before in his mind. To run through it again, he lashed out against Dean, touched him without permission, then proceeded to...ah, well, use it for ammunition in his plight for sexual release, all while Dean was just on the other side of the door. In the moment, of course, it had seemed a completely rational thing to do, if not a bit dramatic. Now? Not quite.
There's another loud slam down the hall, and the lights flicker, a shrill pitch slowly raising in volume. Dean flinches automatically because he knows exactly what that is. Cas is having an angel tantrum, by the sounds of it. He's not cooling down.
it was so bad in the first place (yeah, Cas, you're like a brother to me because I say so, because you can't be anything else, so there), or he just flatout didn't fucking
"I'm sorry, Cas," Dean says, low and gruff, his jaw aching from where he wants to clench it. "Fuck, I'm so sorry. I should've—I'll fix it. I'll—"
"Yes. Some people are." Cas doesn't laugh at him, but Dean can tell that he wants to. "You won't ask, so I'll just tell you. Henry has a wife named Lizzy and a son named Malik. He has not and likely will not proposition me in any capacity. He's simply a kind man, Dean. There's no reason to be...rude."
"Dean," Cas snaps, reaching out to catch him by the shoulder and halt him, pushing him back, "I don't want to have to hurt you."
of his current least favorite organ. It is betraying him, and he hates it, but it also provides a willing distraction.
Tim looks supremely flustered, and it's so much easier to brush past him after that. Needless to say, they get to talk to Shonda.
The thing is, Dean and Lee? Well, they had a thing back in the day. Not a thing worth giving a name to, honestly, but Dean finds it a little funny to think about how much his dad actually approved of Lee. Oh, if only he knew the shit he and Lee would get up to in the sheets together, especially when there were girls involved. Funnily enough, Lee always liked and respected John as well—still does, by the sounds of it—unaware that John would have filled him with lead if he knew what Lee did with his son.
It remains that way for a while, before it starts to sink in the sky, slipping away slowly. Dean doesn't say anything else, not to the world, not to Cas. There's nothing else to really say.
Dean says a little heatedly, jerking his hand out in front of him and nearly turning over his beer. "He's, you know, really fucking—well,
It takes a while before Dean goes back to the meadow. A part of him is worried he'll get there and not know how to leave. Another part of him is sure he'll get there and trash the place, tear the bushes down, burn the plains, shoot at the windmill.
The possessed horses turn out to be related to some of the Headless Horseman lore somehow, riders possessing horses and riding to go behead people, except they apparently can't figure out how to leave the property, so Shawn is the only target available. Dean's tasked with finding the thing that brought them all here, and it turns out to be an old horseshoe that Shawn bought at a rodeo auction and placed in the tables for luck. Dean has to salt and burn it down while Castiel and Shawn ride horses to distract the possessed horses, all the while Sam is trying to outrun an approaching beheading.
Dean rattles off the bar name and location, vaguely pleased that it's fairly close to home. Castiel will be here soon enough. When they hang up, Dean goes back to leaning against the bar. This time, he's thinking a little wistfully of the flap of Castiel's trenchcoat—he doesn't wear it anymore, not as much since he's human. His wardrobe mostly consists of Dean's jeans and t-shirts, as well as Sam's too-big shirts to sleep in. They should get him his own clothes one of these days.
"Bye, Jack," Cas says dutifully, turning his head as Jack darts out the swinging door. He tilts his head back, raising his voice. "Remember your badge!"
Castiel knows that this assumption is not true. His love for Dean Winchester is not circumstantial. It is something that exists, no matter the circumstances. "I'm quite sure that isn't the reason. No matter the circumstances, you are you, Sam is Sam, and I am me. It was always going to be you."
There's suddenly an elbow poking into his arm, the soft flannel rubbing across his bare skin. The knot in his chest yanks, and it takes everything within him not to stiffen, pull away, or lean in. Castiel very carefully does not initiate contact, focusing entirely on the dishes he's washing, willing his heart to stop reacting so ridiculously.
That is for the best. Castiel does not need to get close to Dean, no matter how much he might wish to. He knows there is no point.
The first time Dean and Cas kiss, it's not even really a kiss at all. It is, in fact, mouth-to-mouth.
They've never—well, they haven't done this here, in Purgatory. They spend a lot of time not doing this topside as well, and while in Purgatory, Dean can't think of one goddamn reason for that. It's good. It's so fucking good, so much so that it's probably bad for their chances of survival. If a monster came to attack them now, they'd be too distracted to fight.
"When he first got here, he thought you were just an abomination, remember? Demon blood boy. It's because
"Do not test my patience, Dean. I assure you, I have very little," Castiel warns, the words escaping him through gritted teeth. He can feel Dean's body unclicking, turning supple against his,
“Yup.” This was their thing. Blunt, no nonsense, no chick flick moments (usually). Dean held his breath, waiting to see what Claire’s response would be.
In the end, Charlie and Melanie stayed in touch, and most of the team promised to play again next year. They even picked up a few more local recruits. Some were park of the team’s support network (like Dean, Esther, and Benny) and some were just bystanders who’d seen all the fun, chaotic shenanigans going on, and wanted in! Sure, there were stressful points – moments when a 3 foot pile of marshmallows caught fire and nearly melted Sam’s shoe, for instance, or when the German police got a little too curious about a bunch of weird American tourists who just appeared out of nowhere – but the joy outweighed the angst, and everyone agreed that it was a genuinely good week. They raised money for charities, they made some hilarious memories, and they had a great time, together.
After a few conversations with other parents at Claire’s school, Cas gets the name of a contractor named Benny LaFitte, with TFW Designs. He emails the guy and two weeks later, the builder agrees to come by the house and do a walk-through for a quote. Benny is a big, robust white man, with a Cajun accent and kind eyes. He listens to Castiel’s wish list, and they discuss materials, layouts, price range, and timelines. But when Benny gets up close and personal with Cas’s exterior kitchen wall, they hit a snag. He’s concerned about the load-bearing capacity, if they just pull the current window and expand the hole to install a glass wall.
“OK, even if you’re right, knowing I’m queer isn’t going to magically make him fall in love with me.”
The next day, Ruby took the Bo Peep costume to Tobias and got him to alter it into a princess dress for the next item:
The thing is, he’s not sure Cas is even happy. If Dean reaches out, Cas is perfectly willing to hold his hand, but he doesn’t seem to mind either way. If Dean doesn’t suggest a date for a month, they don’t go out on a date for a month, and Cas doesn’t seem to notice or care. He’s never commented on the notes Dean leaves, or the fact that Dean always cooks for him, or mentioned that he likes waking up next to Dean every morning. He says “I love you” at least once a day, but never in a sappy, emotional, or passionate way. It’s more like a casual acknowledgement. He answers every goodnight text, but he never sends the first one. When they’re apart for a few days, Cas will say, “It’s good to see you”, but never “I missed you”.
Soon, Dean finds himself tagging along on trips to the park, and the fair, and mini-golf. Sam starts to worry that Dean’s getting too involved for a platonic friendship, but honestly, Dean’s  . . . happy. Happier than he can remember being in years. Would it be better if Cas were more than a friend? Sure. But honestly, this is 50% of everything Dean’s ever wanted, and it’s not like there’s any other likely prospects on his radar, so he might as well enjoy what he has. (OK fine, his radar is turned off. Has been since that first lunch with Cas, 6 months ago, but who’s counting?) He introduces Sam to Cas and the kids, and they all get along great. That eases a lot of Sam’s nagging concern, but he offers a few more pitying looks at Dean instead.
The smug smile slid off Dean’s face, replaced by wide eyes and arched eyebrows, but before Dean could come up with a witty reply, Charlie plunked herself down beside him, bouncing in excitement.
After a few minutes, Jody finally snaps. “I really expected better of you, Dean. You think Castiel appreciated being left in that motel room, alone, while you were off . . .
Dean’s trying not to look smug, he really is. He shrugs. “Don’t know what to tell ya, chief. They only like it shredded in the taco rolls. Kids are weird little animals.”
Dean clears his throat. No response. He waves his hand across Castiel’s field of vision. Nothing. Finally, he stretches out one leg and taps Cas’s foot with his boot. That, at least, seems to shake him from his little stupor.
“No problem, Cas. What was I gonna do, go home to my empty house, and watch Dr. Sexy reruns? I’m happy to help.”
That broke Dean’s heart, but Amelia was right and he knew it. So Dean moved into their house in May, helping more and more with the house and with Claire, as Amelia got weaker and weaker. She passed away at the end of June, and Dean stayed. Cas did his best, but his wife’s death absolutely broke him. Amelia had known her husband well; Cas just wasn’t prepared for the impact of her death, and it took almost a year of therapy before he was really even OK again. For most of that year, Dean took care of the house, he cooked, he drove Claire to doctor’s appointments, grief counseling, and school. He met her friends’ parents and drove her to sleepovers. He talked to Claire about her mom, about Cas, and about the death of his own mom. He held Castiel while he cried and yelled and reminisced. He bought flowers for Amelia’s grave on her birthday, and once or twice, he went to Cas’s therapy appointments with him.
I don’t think it makes me a bad person (whatever Dean seems to believe). And it certainly makes things easier. I mean, every time she doesn’t reply to a text or a voicemail, it tears Dean apart. Every time she looks at us, he’s disappointed that he doesn’t see what he wants to see, in her eyes. But that’s really not her fault – we’re strangers to her. There’s got to be at least some disconnect between her mental image of her sons (babies) and these two, full-grown, professional monster killers. Plus, she wasn’t there for any of our lives, so how can she really relate to us as her kids? She can read Dad’s journal, and we can tell her stories, but she didn’t see it. Didn’t live it. Especially the dark parts. It’s not like we’re ever gonna sit her down and tell her all about Dean’s 40 years in Hell, or my time in the Cage, or what I did when I was soulless, or what Dean did under the Mark of Cain. She knows the basic facts, but she doesn’t know anything about what we went through, or how it affected us. She doesn’t really know us, and she can’t – not really. And I don’t think she really wants to, anyway. If I had to guess, I’d say she just wants to go back to Heaven. And I can’t blame her.
The kids start popping in to say Hi to Dean whenever Cas is on the phone with him. They ask when he’s coming over again, and suddenly, Dean’s coming to family dinners once or twice a month. Cas finds himself thinking about Dean often, wondering how he got lucky enough to find this friendship again, halfway across the country and 15 years later. It occurs to him that, though they’ve talked about Charlie a few times, and he knows she works closely with Dean, neither of them have even suggested inviting Charlie to their lunches. He’s not nostalgic about Charlie. She was great, and he’d be happy to see her again, but he doesn’t miss her the way he missed Dean.
Dean’s automatic reflex is to play it cool, but he pushes past it. Eileen has always seen right through his bullshit anyway. “Probably both, I guess,” he signs, shrugging.
cut Lee’s head off and plopped it down on your coffee table? Come on, Cas! You’re 29 years old! Take some responsibility for yourself. This place is filthy!”
As she sucked in a breath, preparing what was clearly going to be another rapid-fire, run-on sentence that Dean would not be able to follow, he lifted his hand from Charlie’s arm and raised his palm in front of her face.
Ruby was by far the most dedicated player on the team, doing even more projects than Charlie. Several items on the list played right into her sense of humor, and she staged them incredibly well. For #
birthday party, he kissed Dean. That turned into a rather R-rated make-out session, which turned into a very serious, half-naked conversation, which turned into some very naked, very joyful sex.
“OK, how about literally ANY other conversation I’ve tried to have with you in the last two weeks? If it’s not about dinner or sex, you barely speak to me, unless we’re on a case.”
Just helped Jody with a werewolf case, and we stayed up drinking a few beers afterwards, shooting the shit. We ended up talking about Amelia, and when I explained the situation, she said she was surprised I was able to just pick up and move on after Dean disappeared to Purgatory. She actually seemed a little creeped out.
Charlie squeaked, jumping up to hug Cas around the neck. Without letting go, she twisted to look back over her shoulder at Dean, sticking her tongue out once again. Dean gaped at them, speechless, as Charlie pulled her phone out and texted a link to Castiel, then walked him through the registration process.
“Good morning, folks!” He greeted the ladies and stuck his tongue out at the twins, who laughed at him. “What are you two doing, skipping school?” he asked, squatting down to speak to little Rose and Robbie Collins.
She chatted while she made the drinks. “So, when are you gonna join my boxing class, man? You don’t do yoga, you don’t don’t lift weights, you might as well box.”
Dean throws both hands up, but shrugs. “Well, he’s a big boy, he’ll get over it. In the meantime, we got a demon to locate.” With that, he stands up and shuffles out to the Impala.
In case you're curious, the wedding is at the Bunker. The wedding party and guest list is as follows:
Donna’s (slightly bloodshot, glazed) eyes lit up, and Dean knew he’d won. “Yes! Birthday pie! There’s a 24 hour diner down the street!” she squawked. Alex shrugged, but smiled, and Jody and Jack were both nodding their heads. Sam rolled his eyes, chuckling. “You
Once both toddlers were re-shoed and settled back in the stroller, Marlow grabbed a paper bag and her giant steel travel cup from the counter, and turned towards the door. “OK, we’re off. Bye Dean! Bye Teema! Text me if you need me before 2pm!”
He blushed and bit his lip, trying to swallow his grin. “OK then. Sounds good.” And they went back to watching Dr. Sexy misdiagnose his patients, though neither of them were really paying the show any attention now.
Over the next few weeks, Dean and Cas keep in touch about the kitchen plans. When Benny and his crew start work, Dean even makes a point of stopping by to personally walk Benny through his schematics for the wall. OK, so maybe that visit didn’t need to take an hour, but he and Cas got to talking. So sue him.
“I don’t. Though He’s oddly obsessed with Dean and Sam, so He could be paying attention to me by proximity, now.”
“Is everything OK? Is this where you tell me you’ve met a nice girl and you won’t have time to do this stuff anymore?”
“Dean, Dean, it’s OK. Please. It’s not what it looks like. I . . . “ he starts, but Dean doesn’t give him a chance to finish.
So, Cas made his decision. If Dean couldn’t let go of his resentment, if he wanted to continue taking out his grief and rage on the one person who loved him unconditionally, then the hunter could just find another punching bag. Cas would always love The Righteous Man above all others, but if Dean couldn’t even look him in the face, what was the point? With his powers failing, Castiel knew he would likely grow weaker, more mortal, and he preferred to make that transition safely and gradually. He’d been suddenly human and homeless and hungry before, and he certainly wasn’t interested in repeating that process. If he wasn’t welcome at Dean’s side, then he would return to Heaven, and salvage what he could of his angelic family. He regretted that this meant he would likely lose Sam as well, but if anyone would understand, it was Sam. He’d reached his breaking point with Dean more than once, after all.
They had to crop the photo so you couldn’t see the green lawn and blooming trees in the background, and the snow melted 5 minutes after they took the picture, but it was pretty cute nonetheless.
I’m officially starting to worry about Dean’s health. I know, what else is new? But this time, I think I have good reason. See, Cas just recently became human (again), and he’s staying at the Bunker with us. But get this: turns out Cas used to clean up Dean’s arteries, heart, liver, and kidneys, every time he healed him, to compensate for all the booze and pie and bacon cheeseburgers he drowns himself in. Cas hasn’t been able to do that since he Fell, and he was MIA for six months before that, so Dean’s not been healed in over a year. And of course, the idiot’s still eating and drinking like he’s 23, and it’s not like he ever sees a doctor, outside of a rare visit to the ER. Cas says his heart and liver weren’t in great shape when he brought Dean back after Hell, and now he’s been hitting reset on him for so long, he’s not sure how Dean’s organs will hold up on their own, anymore.
going on between them. If this shit was on Dean’s Dr. Sexy soap opera, the two of them would be screwing in a janitor’s closet before the second commercial break. Unless . . . maybe Cas isn’t allowed to, uhh . . . “fraternize” with humans? I mean, I know there’s a big prohibition against Nephilim, but that wouldn’t really apply here. Even if it did, Cas has rebelled against Heaven a hundred times by now (mostly for Dean, actually). Maybe he doesn’t think Dean’s interested? Let’s face it, Cas isn’t great at reading people. Can’t take a hint to save his life, and he promised not to read our minds years ago. And it doesn’t help that Dean lays on that macho, straight-as-a-ruler, chick-magnet crap pretty thick. Maybe Cas doesn’t realize it’s bullshit, and he thinks Dean really IS only interested in women? Plus, Dean’s so convinced that he’s unworthy, even if he were head over heels for Cas, he’d probably never make the first move. Bravest man on Earth when he’s fighting monsters, but put him in front of a real chance at happiness and he’s 100% chicken shit.
Dean was the best man in their wedding, of course, and when Amelia got pregnant, there was no question who they’d ask to be godfather to their little girl. Dean already had two nephews by Sam and he loved them to pieces, but baby Claire had him wrapped around her finger from the day she was born. Dean babysat, he played dress-up and had tea parties, he let Claire paint his nails, he taught her how to play baseball, and how to swim.
“Because they can all pass for human in photos, except for Sydney, and we can work around her horns. Worst case scenario, we’ll get someone to make them invisible for a video.” Cas smirked. “Actually, I looked up a few of the GISH lists from previous years, and I think the diversity of talent on our team might be very useful. For instance, underwater photos seem to be quite popular. Jess has gills and I don’t need to breathe, so that would be easy. We’d just have to crop the photo so you couldn’t see her tail. Slice of cake!”
Cas’s heart stops. He’s so stunned he doesn’t even react –which is good, since Dean clearly didn’t mean for Cas to hear him.
Dean’s standing at the sink, but his head snaps up when he hears Cas’s footsteps. His eyes drop to the beer and pie in Cas’s hands, and Dean presses his lips together on a smile, suddenly shy.
Cas flashes another dazzling smile at him. “My pleasure, Dean.” He continues humming off and on as he eats, tapping his foot and tilting his head side to side, in a lazy sort of chair dance. As he swallows his last bite, he looks up and sees Dean aiming a rather skeptical frown at him.
This is the story of what actually happened at Donna's birthday karaoke night. (This one's a real chapter, with a plot and sentence structure and everything!) Don't worry, we will return you to your regularly-scheduled texting format, after this.
For a split second, Cas pictures that Bugs Bunny cartoon, where Bugs’ heart visibly thumps in his chest. Then he pulls himself together and steps forward, laying a kiss on the top of Dean’s head. “Me too. Now move your ass, you’re blocking the silverware drawer,” he says, hip checking Dean out of the way.
“I’ve always been more attracted to men, anyway,” he mumbles. Sam just smiles to himself and steers the conversation elsewhere.
“I know, and I’m sure you’re gonna kick it’s butt,” Dean replies, hoisting the five year old up to plant a kiss on his little face. “Be good, I love you.”
Marlowe nodded, chuckling as she wrestled a shoe back onto Rose’s foot. She turned to face her son, just in time to see him pull his own shoe off. “You too, Robbie? Come on, you’re killing Mommy, here.”
Cas is an enigma wrapped in a mystery. Dean has had a crush on him ever since he started working at the factory, six months ago. He’s sweet and helpful and absolutely gorgeous, but no one seems to know anything about him, outside of work. Lee Webb swears Cas is obsessed with him, but Lee’s a narcissistic brat who thinks everyone is obsessed with him.
She tilts her head and looks at Cas with soft, sympathetic eyes. “We never have to play guessing games, because we can tell when ‘I’m fine’ really means, ‘I’m still really annoyed about that thing you said this morning’.
They go to this kind of gourmet dive bar . . . good beer, elevated bar food, and a dozen amazing desserts on the menu. They have a great time, and when Cas suggests they “get out of here”, Dean is thrilled.
There’s a slightly awkward goodbye, and Dean stands up to find Eileen and Sam blatantly eavesdropping from the doorway. “What are you two staring at?”
In the end, Charlie asked Neko Tesla, Cornucopia’s local technofae, to set up some kind of automatic update link for them. Tech-savvy as she was, Charlie still wasn’t sure exactly how the thing worked, or how much of it was magic, but their Google doc corrected itself every time the master GISHlist changed, and anyone who had claimed a changed item automatically got a text notification. It worked, and it meant no one had to waste time checking and rechecking the list every day.
Dean’s eyebrows do a little dance, scrunching down and then zipping up at the outer ends, then scrunching down again, before he yanks Cas back up to a standing position.
Dean experiences some psychosomatic effects, when his mom comes to stay with them at the bunker for a while.
Dean’s baffled look starts with Sam, then migrates to Donna, then Jody, then Cas. Cas shrugs. Dean looks back at Sam. “My who what now?”
OK, now it’s getting weird. Cas is just sitting there, staring at Dean’s left shoulder, though he’s clearly somewhere else entirely. Did he say something wrong? Is this some freaky author’s epiphany moment? Is Cas gonna whip out a pen and start frantically writing on the tablecloth? Is he having a seizure?
With Dr. Agondray’s blessing, she staged the TV room at the Medical Center’s rehab floor with Solo cups, feather boas, empty liquor bottles, cards, poker chips, and bras, couch cushions akimbo, a med cart on it’s side, and strategically placed senior volunteers Esther, Abner Sorend, Kisho Sato, and Quito Alvarez playing hungover or passed out partygoers.
Claire races down the hall to find Cas and Jack in the kitchen, loading the dishwasher. Cas arches an eyebrow at her, as she skids to a stop.
Jody scowls. Donna crosses her arms and glares at Sam, nostrils flaring. This only serves to push Sam further over the edge, until he’s full-on cackling. He laughs so loud that Dean and Cas notice from inside, and come out to see what’s going on.
Would Cas prefer to be in a real relationship with Dean? Of course. At 31, he’s starting to feel the urge to settle down with someone, maybe have some kids, and he can’t imagine anyone who would be a better fit for that role in his life. Dean is clever, funny, loyal, responsible, strong, and gorgeous. He’s a great cook, has a good job with Trang Engineering, he’s fantastic in bed, wonderful with kids, and Cas trusts him with his life. He would be the perfect husband. But Cas isn’t willing to risk what they have, just to be shot down. He’s sure Dean would be gracious about it, of course, but things would change. The sex would certainly end, for one thing, and Cas is in no hurry to terminate that part of their friendship, thank you very much. No, it’s been nine years. If Dean had feelings for him, he would have said something by now. So Cas has resigned himself to enjoying what they DO have, as long as he can have it, and that’s exactly what he’s going to do tonight.
The more they talk, the more Dean is intrigued by Cas’s kids. He hears so much about them, and they’re clearly Castiel’s whole world, outside of his writing. One evening, he’s Facetiming with Cas, when Jack wanders over and asks who Cas is talking to. When Cas explains, Jack climbs into his dad’s lap and says hello, with a cute little wave. Then the kid launches into a full conversation, like it’s the most natural thing in the world.
They get back to work, and by dawn, the four of them have tracked the demon down, and Cas has destroyed it. Sam has just wrapped up his case with Eileen, and comes into town to meet up with them, but Jody and Donna pull him aside as soon as he arrives.
The werewolf snorts. “Calm down Cas, I’m not talking about sex. You know that voice-in-your-head thing? I think you call it Angel Radio? Gods can do that with specific humans. At least, the Olympian gods can. Michaela and I use it all the time, just to communicate. If we’re out somewhere and I really wanna leave, I give her a head’s up and she makes an excuse to get us out of there. If I’m at the store and I can’t remember what specific type of tomatoes she wants, she can look through my eyes and tell me. If she meets me out at a party or the mall or a big restaurant, she can always find me. That one time I got kidnapped by her stalker, a few years back? She knew where I was and if I was OK, and she was able to rescue me immediately.”
, and Jesus H. Christ, Dean never wanted to go through a three-hour tattoo session with a raging hard-on, ever again! Still, the process made his connection with Cas even stronger, and the resulting tattoo was incredible. It looked 3D, like a slightly raised burn, and Dean felt the meaning behind it intensely, every time he looked at it. Castiel said it was the best work he’d ever done, and Dean still wasn’t sure if he meant the tattoo, or the act that inspired it.
His confrontation with Dean had gone about as well as he expected, so he left the Bunker and returned to Heaven. He kept himself busy, working to make amends with the other angels. But still Castiel couldn’t stop thinking about Dean. Even mourning for Jack was no reprieve, since most of his memories of his son also involved Dean and Sam. He tried to distract himself with the plans for restructuring Heaven, but his mind kept returning to Dean. No matter how hurt he was, how angry at Dean’s unreasonable resentment, he had to admit that he still missed him. The other angels could sense this struggle, and he saw pity in his siblings’ faces. Eventually, he couldn’t stand it any longer. He didn’t expect to ever have happiness, but he had to find some kind of peace.
There’s a bitter laugh as Dean shakes his head. “Nah. I tried that already. Didn’t help at all. Thanks though.”
People often assumed the two were a couple, and they’d both considered it, over the years. They were each other’s first kiss (though that was less romance, and more of a technical skill-building thing). There was that one drunken night on vacation, when they were 19. There were a dozen offhand comments after breakups or long dry spells, about how they should just give up and spend the rest of their lives together, but neither of them ever acted on it.
Dean misses a gaming date with Charlie, because he's freaking out about the texts he sent to Cas last night.
Everyone wrote down their first songs, then argued over getting everyone on stage together for “We Are Family”. Eventually, however, it was decided to be too much of a karaoke cliché, and the motion was voted down. (And sure enough, another group sang it, a few hours later.) Jody, Sam, and Dean carefully explained the mechanics of karaoke to Cas, and he watched the first performer closely – an African American woman in her late 30s, singing “Hello” by Adele. Claire leaned across the table towards the end of the song, and squeezed Cas’s hand. “Don’t worry, they get more fun as the night goes on.”
“No, I mean it!” the blonde insists. “He’s not exactly a pro at the whole human interaction thing, yet. Maybe he thinks Dean was just out getting sloshed. Should we say something?”
She designed a cheese bikini, with Zoe directing her on which types of cheese to use, and Sam helping to sculpt the cheese to her body, when necessary. (And let’s be honest, way more than necessary, not that Jess was complaining.) After some heavy-duty puppy dog eyes, a guilt trip, and a promise of pie, Dean reluctantly let them use the Impala for the photo, though every shot was prefaced by him shouting, “Not ON the car! NEXT to her, OK. But NO CHEESE is to touch my Baby!”
Dean’s eyes darken at the angel’s stern tone, pupils dilating and smile widening. He’s always loved it when Cas gets all Badass Angel of the Lord-ish. The hunter clenches his jaw and breathes through his nose, willing himself to calm the hell down, and nods.
Soon, Dean and Castiel start meeting for lunch, once a week or so. Cas is usually a few minutes late, and often seems mildly distracted, but they always have a good time, Dean really looks forward to seeing him. It’s weirdly easy, falling back in to their friendship after all these years. Dean tries to flirt with him now and then, but Cas takes it entirely in stride, and Dean isn’t sure if Cas just isn’t interested, or if he genuinely doesn’t notice. Dean refuses to take it personally, either way. Cas is interesting, clever, kind, and has a dry, sarcastic sense of humor that Dean has always found hilarious. He listens to Dean, even when his mind is clearly somewhere else, and he genuinely seems to care about Dean’s life. After a while, he realizes that he doesn’t even really care if Cas flirts back, so long as he gets to keep hanging out with him.
Very brief text exchange between Cas & Claire. (She's reading the first Supernatural book by Carver Edlund, and stops to ask Cas just how legitimate the story is.)
“No, of course I want to. I love the fair! Fried food, cotton candy, rides, shooting games, cute little 4H kids, pie contests! What’s not to love?”
Jody really hates demon cases. Give her a good old-fashioned monster case any day, but demons? All the malevolence of Hell, combined with the residual creativity of a former human being, and demons could be one of the worst nightmares out there. Plus, half the time, they were walking around in a corpse, and that was just nasty. Sure, sometimes you’d get lucky, as some of them were lazy, or less evil than you might expect, but on the whole, demons were a giant pain in the ass.
Abby grimaced at Castiel, manicured brows raised up high. When Cas shrugged, the demon turned her gaze back to Charlie, who was starting to look like she might throw her phone across the room. Charlie rarely got mad. “OKAAAAAY, wanna share what’s suddenly got you so pissed off?”
“We all signed up thinking we’d have a totally local team, but then someone fell through at the last minute. Honestly though, I’m kinda glad we ended up with someone who’s played before. We’re all first-timers, so we expected to figure it out together, but I’ve been looking at lists from old hunts, and it’s kinda daunting. I think you’re gonna be really valuable.”
Snorting, Charlie twisted on the couch to face the door to Cas’s studio. “A super fun, creative contest for charity that you should absolutely do with me, and not lame out like your killjoy boyfriend!”
Dean pointedly turns away, crossing his arms. “No, the moment’s gone. Never mind now,” he huffs, playfully. He stands up and marches past Castiel, towards the bathroom,
Carnegie’s lips turned down at one corner, and he rolled his beady, red eyes, throwing his skinny arms in the air. “Bah! Leave it to the bazillion-year-old angel to wreck the curve. Can we maybe get to the tattoo part, now?”
Maddie comes in on a Tuesday afternoon. Charlie’s just wrapping up her last customer for the day, Zoe Lovelock, who high-fives Maddie on her way out the door. Cas and Charlie are the only artists working today, and Madison is the only appointment until 6pm, so Charlie heads off to a long lunch, giving Cas and his client some privacy. Maddie approves the stencil and plunks down into the tattoo chair, coffee cup in hand.
Holding up one finger, Sam takes several deep breaths. He finally pulls himself together enough to speak, and claps Dean on the shoulder. “Apparently you’re cheating on your boyfriend, Dean.”
“But you use diced up chunks in chicken pot pie. I know you do, I’ve helped you make it twice. It’s Claire’s all-time favorite food.”
For a moment, Cas looks sheepish - but only for a moment. Then, he levels Dean with a squinty ‘youlistenhere’ look, pointing his finger in accusation.
“Honey, is this just about missing that time with the kids, or is it Cas, too?” Eileen signs as she speaks.
Without any hesitation, still staring at the TV, Claire answered, “Yup. You ever think about marrying my old man?”
Dean rolls his eyes when he recognizes them. “Oh for fuck’s sake, Sam! Why do we even HAVE those?” He shudders, and his fingers twitch like he wants to yank the books away, but he allows Castiel to scan through them, reading at an inhuman pace.
Cas arches his eyebrows and sighs. “School certainly is, yes. But Jack’s only just started part time Day Care, and he’s not really adjusting well. I probably should have started him last year. He’s always been home with me, pretty much every day, and now that he’s four, I’ve suddenly started to worry that kindergarten will be a rough adjustment next year. Figured I’d better get him into Day Care to get used to it, but Jack’s just not happy about it. He likes the social aspect, but he misses me, and he’s not doing great with the change to his routine.”
Dean thinks Cas is talking to himself, until he opens his eyes and points an accusatory finger at the couch, where an orange tabby sits. “I said shut up!”
Cas’s eyebrows shoot up, and Sam snorts into his coffee cup. Melandriel sits back and plays with the mostly full cup in front of her.
Everyone they knew had commented, at some point, on how different the two men were, but it worked for them. They protected each other fiercely. They balanced each other out, and brought out the best in one another. Over the years, they developed such a profound bond that nothing could drive them apart. They were straightforward, even blunt with each other, and they never lied (though they didn’t
Dean is a damn good cook, so Cas is almost as excited for the food as he is for the company. (Almost.) Of course, with them, dinner usually leads to other things, and Cas is most definitely looking forward to
“Last night was a disaster. Jack asked why you weren’t there SIX times, he didn’t want to help me cook, and then both kids hated their food.”
Dean sees red. He clenches his jaw so hard it hurts. When he feels like there’s probably steam coming out of his ears, he plants both palms on the table and leans forward in his chair. “I JUST TOLD YOU! I’d like you to put some effort into this relationship! I’d like you to hang out with me without having to beg. I’d like to have a conversation with you, where every word out of your mouth doesn’t feel like pulling teeth!”
Cas frowns at her arm. “My angelic endurance, strength, and balance all contribute to our sex life, of course. But actively using my grace for trivial things would be . . . inappropriate.”
One minute’s walk had Dean nudging open the door to Metamorphosis with his hip, grinning in anticipation. “Coffee delivery!” he called out, into the empty waiting area.
Eileen covers his hand with hers again, to get his attention. “No, but if he does have feelings, he’s never going to act on them if he thinks you’re straight. Besides, he’s one of your best friends. He should know who you are.”
“Blech!” Jack complains, squirming, but he’s still smiling as he wipes his cheek with one hand. “Love you too, Dad. Bye!” he gives a little wave, and runs out of the kitchen. Dean grabs his travel mug and heads towards the mudroom, but stops short, half turning to look over his shoulder.
All day, the two argue over the subject, in whispers and silent looks. In between, they close in on the demon, working the case with Dean and Cas, one getting scowls and the other soft, sympathetic puppy eyes. By late afternoon, Cas is thoroughly confused.
“Well, I’m great with crafty stuff, and anything to do with sound editing or recording, but I’m kind of an introvert. Anything that requires being the center of attention in a crowd, or getting a tattoo, or approaching strangers on the street, I’m not gonna be much help with.”
“OK. I’m gonna go tell Claire about stuffed ‘matoes. Bye Dean!” And just like that, he wriggles out of Cas’s lap and runs off-screen, calling for his sister.
Shaking his head to clear his thoughts, Dean turned to his dresser to dig out clothes. He pulled on his most comfortable jeans and a Who t-shirt, rubbed a bit of pomade into his hair, and wandered out of his bedroom, scanning the floor for his missing left Converse. May in South Carolina was just too warm for boots, and Dean had to admit, the sneakers were a lot more comfortable, especially if he was walking.
