Steve huffed a breath that sounded a little too much like a laugh for his tastes. “You know, it’s gotten to the point where it wouldn’t surprise me if that's what he was actually made for.”
Steve snapped his sketchbook closed and stood up, turning to walk out the door before he started an argument he suspected neither of them were ready for. “I’ll be back later. Sleep.”
Steve checked the time again and barely had time to agree before Bucky was gone. Again. And now he had no idea what to do for fifteen minutes. People were filtering out of the place at the moment and he didn’t want to risk losing sight of Bucky for too long. He wasn’t entirely sure if he was allowed to pass through the door that led to the backstage area, but he did. It might be a little quieter at least and less people to stand near.
The blonde shook his head quickly again, feeling a blush rising up. “Nope. No. It was an accident. I really didn’t mean to--”
Steve frowned and his gorgeous blue eyes looked sad. Tony knew this move. Tony had perfected this move years ago. He has it on good authority that he has huge brown puppy dog eyes that people can’t resist. So he knew what Steve was doing.
Obie smiled and huffed a laugh. “Sure you will. You know, I don’t think Pepper appreciated the fact that I had her phone tapped whenever your number was dialed, but I don’t appreciate people sneaking around my personal business.”
Bucky just punched Steve in the arm with a roll of his eyes. “Hypocrite. You’re telling me all about her when we get back.”
Sheet music in front of him, he shut his eyes and started playing. He’d memorized the music long ago and chose to play with his eyes closed or while focused on a point beyond the piano. The times he had always messed up had been the times he’d focused too hard on the sheet music or whenever he decided to look down at the keys while he played. He was a total ham anyway and he knew it. He lived for reactions, for the sense of awe people felt when they watched him play. Tony Stark knew he was good at what he did. The piano was his life. He lived it, he breathed it, it was home, it was him. He’d begun to wonder if he was good at anything else. He was smart. Hell he was an acknowledged genius. His IQ was ridiculous but he had a hard time putting stock into a number that determined if you were actually smart. No one considered art a basis for testing intelligence so people who excelled in the arts but failed in the maths and sciences were more often considered colorful or entertaining rather than highly intelligent. He knew he was smarter than almost everyone he knew, but he also knew he wasn’t at the same time.
“Till the end of the line, Stevie. Like hell I’m hiding away with these sonuvabitches shooting at your back. I’ll get up high and take ‘em out from there.”
He wished he could close his eyes at this moment. He wished he could be looking at Steve even. He didn’t want the last thing he saw before he died to be Obadiah’s smug, cruel smile. He didn’t want Obadiah to have the last word. He struggled with everything he had to move. To close his eyes. To even talk. Unfortunately, it wasn’t going to happen for Tony.
Pepper psshed and flipped her hair over her shoulder. “Everyone knew. All the girls at the reception desk had a bet going. They thought you were having really hot orgies down there.”
Steve opened his mouth, ready to ask what was wrong, when he was interrupted by a perpetually amused voice. “A little birdy told me there were some Kevlar vests being tested out down here. That true?”
The blond finally hoisted himself up and made his way toward his bedroom, only running into about three things on the way there. He felt along the wall for the light switch and turned his light on. There was already a large bottle of water and some Advil on his nightstand along with a red white and blue birthday balloon.
“Some things come to me. Like I’ve known them all along. Maybe like I had a life outside of being a genie but I can’t remember.”
Tony groaned again, louder this time and allowed his head to thump against the wall. “No! Steve, you’re important to me! I want to keep you around!”
Tony, for all he wanted to retort, walked towards the skinny kid instead and held out a hand to help them up once they were alone.
Steve nearly stumbled as he began moving faster through the halls. He heard Bucky behind him, trying to keep pace. “How bad is it?”
“He’s learning fast, really hoping to pass you in rank. I always say, goals:  Gotta have ‘em. Now let’s go.”
Tony pressed his lips together and nodded, scratching the back of his head as he looked down. “Uh, yeah. That’d be me. Surprise.”
Tony climbed the footstool because he knew he wasn’t very tall so everyone could just shut up and keep their comments to themselves. He reached up to place the star on top but was disappointed to discover he was still not quite able to reach it. This was going to take some creativity.
Steve crossed his arms over his chest. “Sure. And while you’re at it, you can talk to our resident scientist and tell him all your ‘technological jargon’.” Steve turned to Natasha and nodded. “Bring him here”.
The blond gave up on schoolwork and shrugged. “Sure. That’ll save me from having to find a way of escape when the two of you become awkwardly sexual again.”
Next came a playground. A playground of all things. He made Tony sit on the swings with him. The swings! Tony had never been particularly good at swinging and it didn’t take him long to start feeling nauseas. Watching the genie act like a big kid was somewhat endearing to him even if he had no intentions of admitting that.
The next morning, when Steve woke up, neck bent at an awkward angle, he felt around with his hand, expecting to find the warmth of Tony’s body but feeling nothing but cool sheets and a discarded blanket.
The genius did not look overly thrilled. “Are we actually having a party or are you just trying to punish us for the way that last battle went?”
Tony took a breath. “I can get you clothes. Or you can do that. I’m sure you can do that. Or Pepper can help. She’s good with clothes.”
Tony grinned. “Missionary position, Cap. You can say it.” He paused. “There’s a first time for everything, yeah?”
He knew Bucky was in there though. Somewhere. Steve had caught glimpses, brief glimpses in the way Bucky would scowl at him or roll his eyes. The blond tried to tell himself it was good he was able to annoy Bucky enough to warrant said scowl and eye roll, even if their conversation had been nothing he’d felt good about. This had been their worst encounter with each other yet that didn’t include much violence. He’d had to restrain the winter soldier a few times, but the harder he tried the more he felt like he was going to lose Bucky forever. Again.
Steve shook his head. “I don’t revel in fear nor do I desire it as you do. I want peace, even if that means getting my hands dirty with scum like you. Cowards hiding behind words,’ Steve stood tall. “Now quit stalling.”
“Is this-  Is this some sort of breakdown?” Tony asked him, and Harris pointed back towards the lobby.
“Hey, now,” Tony said, and Sue choked on a laugh.  DJ grinned at her, clearly appreciating the audience.  Tony, for his part, scooped DJ up and bumped his forehead against DJ's.  “Brat,” he said, his eyes narrowed.
On the other side of the kitchen island, Tony looked up from the pile of white paper takeout boxes.  “Yes, but usually they’re lazy,” he said, making Steve laugh. He upended another paper bag, prying open each box before pushing it aside.  “I swear, if I have to place a second order just to get-”
“It's a double edged weapon, it's true,” Steve said.  Tony saw his head cant to the side. “So.  Now that you know I've been properly vetted, can I come up?”
DJ's eyes went wide, and Steve grinned at him.  “I can do that,” he said.  “Want me to help you find a-”  Before he could even finish the sentence, DJ was up and running towards the house.  Steve leaned back, laughing under his breath. “I guess that's a no.”
“How'd we come to this?” Steve asked Fury.  “This is-”  He stopped, the words catching in his throat.  “This is wrong.”
“Breakfast,” Miss Potts said, her voice firm.  “Natasha, would you mind making certain that Officer Rogers doesn't escape before he's had something to eat?”
She wrenched the cork free.  “Your choice.  But what you’re looking for?” She took a sip, straight from the bottle, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.  “You’re not going to find it up here.”
Tony gave them his best smile and a wave.  “I know we're dressed for a wedding, but a man's got a right to expect a proposal, so-”
Peter stumbled, and Steve caught the back of his shirt, steadying them both before he set down the bushel basket.  He lifted DJ off of Peter’s shoulders, and boosted the boy onto one of his own.  DJ grabbed hold of his hair with one hand, reaching up to snag an apple with the other.  Peter trotted off towards the ladders stacked against the tool shed.  Judging by the way his hands were cutting through the air, he was talking the entire way.
“Tell him not to cause interdimensional problems, I don't know how I’d pay for that,” Tony said, tucking his hands into his back pockets.  He managed a smile for Strange.  “But I’ll do it.  If I have to.”
He shouldn’t do it.  He knew better.  Two traps in one night was a lot, even for him.  Especially for him.  He should learn from his mistakes.  Hadn’t Bucky always said that?  That maybe, just once, Steve would learn from something dumb he’d done.
“Pepper said you suggested DJ.  That he was your choice, not hers.”  Tony moved a piece, and it was somehow worse that he wasn’t looking at Steve.  “So.  What was your play?”  He looked up.  “Because you didn’t trust me, and you didn’t like me, and you told her to take him anyway.”
Steve's head snapped up, squinting against the stage lights. He could see the techs moving things, camera operators and sound techs making adjustments while they could. Behind them, a few execs, clustered around a tablet, checking numbers and talking in low tones.
There were an unfamiliar truck in the driveway now, and as Steve approached the kitchen door, a delivery man came out, his cap tucked under his arm, a sweet roll in one hand and a steaming tin cup in the other.  He gave the guard a nod, gripping the bun in his teeth as he put his cap on.
Tony's nose wrinkled, the smell of roasted peppers and spicy meat hitting him with enough force to bring his head up.  "What do you-"
Pepper covered her mouth with one hand, trying to hide her smile.  "It does seem to be asking a great deal of him," she said.
"How dare you.  You'll be hearing from my lawyer, Mr. Stark.  Now.  Let me see-" She flipped up the hem of Steve's jacket, ducking under it, and Steve froze, his whole body going tense.  She tugged at the material, one hand sliding up the length of his spine, her tiny hand firm through the thin fabric of his shirt.  She frowned up at him.  "Relax, you're ruining the lines."
Steve tipped the envelope up, and a small hardcover book slid into his hand.  On the yellow cover, a simple picture of a pirate had been stamped in black ink.  He turned the book over in his hands.  “'The Dark Frigate,'” he read aloud.  The cover wasn't familiar, but the title sent a spark of recognition through him.  “Oh, my God...”
Supporting Steve's weight as best he could, Tony lowered him back down, until Steve's head settled in his lap.  For an instant, Steve was tense, his face pinched and tight.  Then, he let out a breath, and the strain seemed to go with it.  Tony smiled down at him. “There you go,” he said, and Steve's eyelashes fluttered.  “Better?”
“Any less cook time, and they would still be raw.” He pushed the bowl over towards Shiro, who reached for his own set of chopsticks.  “The noodle should have a dense, firm chewiness, it should have a presence that matches the broth, that stands up to the crunch of the vegetables, but this-”
“Yes, and you are no longer the smallest and most impressionable person in the room,” Tony said.  He pointed at DJ again.  “Earmuffs.”
Pepper considered the cream with a critical eye.  She wasn't sure it was worth the risk.  She handed it back with a smile.  “Thank you,” she said, as he handed her the sugar bowl.  "So you know Officer Rogers?"
There was a sudden, soft swirl of wind, and a pale red glow washed over the interior of the tunnel.  Clint tipped his head up just in time to see Jean float into view.  “I think you're scaring her, boys,” she said, even as one foot ghosted over the uneven floor.  She settled, one foot and then the other, her hands sweeping down to her sides before her hair swirled down around her shoulders, settling there in soft, gleaming waves.
The king smiled back, a slight, sad sort of smile.  “I was sorry to hear about your father’s passing,” he said.  He looked at T’Challa, then back to Shuri, his one dark eye sharp.  “He was one of the finest men I’d ever met.”
“No.”  Tony tried to glare at him, but it was hard, it was so hard, because it was Steve, smiling down at him like Tony was something remarkable.  It was Steve, with his laughing blue eyes and his flushed cheeks and a dusting of flour across his skin.  It was Steve and that was all that mattered.  Tony pushed himself upright.
“No,” Tony said.  In the dim light of the room, his face looked like it had been carved from marble, all hard lines and deep shadows, and his eyes were hooded.  Steve had seen fear on so many faces, in so many eyes, and yet it was different every time.  “I don’t trust them.”
A tension that he didn’t even know was there bled out of him.  Steve nodded.  “Thank you,” he said, as the doors opened, and Tony twisted in his arms.  Reluctantly, Steve lowered him to the floor.
A flicker of light darted up the hallway, swirling around his head, and then Jan appeared next to him, growing back to her normal size in a single blink.  “He's fine,” she said, and they both knew who 'he' was.
“Yes, sir, it’s Charlie at the front desk, sir,” he said, and he sounded exhausted and terrified and totally done with this situation, all at once.  “You have a visitor, sir.”
Strange looked at him.  “Can’t…  What?” he asked, in a tone that made it clear that he wasn’t interested in continuing the conversation.
There was a flinch, and if he hadn’t been watching for it, he would’ve missed it.  “He’s safe,” Steve said, and he was smiling, he was trying to be comforting.  “Deej, he’s safe, back at home, he’s-”
“Anyway, he was like, ‘I’d never be caught dead in one of those roach coaches,’ and you said, ‘yeah, don’t think they make one big enough to carry your ego,’ and then things got very, very quiet.”
“You're determined to make me insane, you know that?” Tony asked, because the alternative was to crawl up his chest and kiss him until one or both of them passed out.
“The fact that you made no move to marry either of them made it vanishingly unlikely that you would marry any woman.”
“So did I,” Tony said, his voice wry.  “I got his face and hands washed, his teeth brushed, got him into his pajamas, and then I was dismissed.”
“Why not?  I’m a better kisser than you.” Danny gave a bark of laughter, and Luke stopped, midway through a bite of his beef on a stick.  His eyebrows arched.  “You got something to say, little man?”
Billy frowned, his face crumpling up.  “Seamus?  That little weasel can’t-”  He stopped, his eyes going wide.  “Oh, right.  Right.”  He straightened up.  “I remember.  Big fella, booming voice, the same kind of false cheer that the social workers have when they come poking around.  After he left, Hammer was in a real good mood, the kind of good mood that only comes with a payout.”
And Tony's mouth was still against his, his body frozen and stiff, as if Steve truly had surprised him.  That wasn't something he should take pride in, but he couldn't help it.  There was a thrill in outsmarting Tony, in catching him off guard, in getting even a half step ahead of that amazing brain of his.
“I would’ve disowned you if you had,” Darcy said.  “Waste of chocolate.  We would not have been able to be friends anymore.”  They followed the flow of people into the cafeteria.  She peered into the fridge case.  “Oooh, there’s fruit cup today!.”
“Yes.  Thank you.”  He heard her put down the phone, then the muffled sound of her speaking.  A moment later, she picked up the phone again.  “All right.  He will call now.”
Tony straighened up.  "Can I-”  He waved a hand up at the couch  “Can I join you?" he asked, his voice quiet.  DJ nodded again, his toes flexing against the fabric of the couch.  Tony smiled.  "Thank you."
Steve looked up in time to see Mrs. Parker come through the open door from the house, the tray in her hands filled with steaming coffee cups and a basket of golden-brown pastries.  She smiled.  “Since you’re already taking a break, might as well have a cup of coffee.”
Tony was laughing, his eyes damp, his breathing uneven.  “I’m fine,” he said, grinning at Steve.  “Steve.  I’m fine. I’m-”  His hands covered Steve’s, his grip solid and strong.  “Are you-”
The faint, almost invisible swirl of light played around his fingers, floating upwards like glowing, dissipating smoke.  Frowning, DJ shook out his hand, scattering the last bits of power.  “Not what-”  The magic, freed from his control, continued floating upwards, swirling through through the air.
“That did not sound confident at all,” Steve said.  He glanced back towards the range, where the kettle was barely starting to steam, before he headed to the bathroom.  “Are you-”  He poked his head into the bathroom and found Tony struggling to get his shirt off.  Smiling, he leaned a shoulder on the doorframe, his hands in the pockets of his pants.  “Need help?” he asked again.
Steve’s gaze floated from her, and down into the darkness.  It was almost hypnotic, that heavy, empty, consuming darkness, it threatened to swallow him.  It threatened to draw him down, to pull him in, to drown him.
“No, it didn’t,” Strange said.  DJ looked down, and Strange sighed.  “DJ.  If someone has just learned to change a lightbulb, that does not mean that they’ll be capable of rewiring the entirety of a house.”  He smiled.  “You changed your lightbulb very well.  We can build on that.”
"Pretty stupid to try," the kid said, his head bent forward.  His hands were jammed in is pockets, the pressure of his fists forcing the hem of the sweatshirt down around his thighs.
A cluster of acolytes from the grand temple moved through the crowd, clad in pale blue robes.  One of them caught Steve’s eye as she passed, giving him a wide smile and a little nod.  He nodded back, stepping out of their way.  He didn’t remember them being quite so young, or so small; she barely reached his shoulder as she passed.
“Call him Rhodey, everyone who can tolerate him does,” Pepper said, and Rhodes brushed a kiss on top of her head.  Her nose wrinkled up, her face flushing.  “Get off, you.”
“Don’t get me wrong,” Billy said, his knee still bouncing in place.  “I’ve lived in worse places.  Hammer might be a drunk, and he might be willing to do whatever it takes to get him higher on the social ladder, but he’s decent enough.  He makes sure we’re fed and keeps clothes on our backs.”   He shrugged.  “I don’t wish him dead, but I won’t be crying at his funeral, either.”
DJ scrambled down off of the chair, his bare feet landing with a muffled thud on the carpeted floor of the library.    Jan smiled at him, her eyes dancing.  “That wasn't so bad, was it?”
“Yes, and you can be diplomatic when you try,” Steve told him.  To Jan, he added, “Have we heard from Jean and Scott?”
Bobbi and Clint exchanged a glance with each other.  Happy made a show of taking a sip of his coffee.  Jarvis continued polishing a silver tea pot that absolutely did not need polishing.  Rhodey didn’t look up from his book.
"In a few weeks, we'll sit the two of you down with a carefully selected exclusive," Marcy said, her arms crossed over her chest.  Her head tipped to the side, and Steve had an uncomfortable feeling that he was being measured.  "With someone who doesn't have an agenda."
“I can do that.”  A fifth egg joined the other four, and Natasha glanced at Steve.  “Can you cut a few slices from that loaf of bread so we can start some toast?” she asked, her head bobbing towards it.  “There's a knife block on the cabinet, and you look like a man who can handle a blade.”
Stane was clawing at his face, curses hissing from between his fingers as he writhed on the floor.  Jarvis lowered Tony to the chair, and Tony clutched the back of it, refusing to sit down.  “Stay there, Mr. Stane.   I wouldn’t mind shooting you, but I’d hate to ruin this carpet with a bloodstain.”
DJ covered Steve’s hands with his own, savoring the contact.  “Okay,” he said.  He tried to smile.  “Can’t charge.”
Carol took it, and fired it at the mirror behind the bar like a speedball.  The mirror shattered with a monumental crash, and Tony ducked, his hands coming up in an instinctive gesture.  “Are you out of your mind?” he managed.
“Or someone rewarded him handsomely for putting his signature on a few orders,” Steve said.  He took a deep breath.  “And anyone I could trust doesn’t have the power to work outside the system.”  A bitter pill to swallow, but one that he was willing to choke down, because lives depended on it.
“You've got enough chill for both of us,” Ellen said, and this time when she clicked on her email, she was rewarded with a new, untitled email.  She opened the attachment and waited with a great deal of patience for her graphics program to load.
“You remind me of my sister’s kid.  He’s three. And everything is ‘why,’” Morse said.  She straightened up, blowing a strand of hair out of her face with a quick, sharp exhale of breath.  “Why, why, why.”
The light died in an instant, and Harris slammed back to reality so fast that it nearly knocked him off his feet.  “What the-”
“Maybe you could shower, you smell a little ripe,” Jan shot back, as they cut through a pack of orderlies, heading straight for SHIELD's version of an ICU.  People scrambled to get out of their way, and Tony barely noticed.  “Look-”
“You're going to have to face congress someday,” Rhodey pointed out.  “I mean, it's going to happen.  You being you.”
“Do me a favor,” Steve said.  “Take a box with you.  Any box.  Because sooner or later, Clint’s going to realize there are unattended pastries down here, and that’s when we’ll be in for it.”  Steve frowned down at the lists of figures.  He was smarter than this.  He knew he was smarter than this.  “I have enough headaches.”
"If everyone's so fucking fine, why are we in goddamn SHIELD medical?" he snapped, and Bruce wrapped a hard, solid arm across his chest jerking him to a hard stop.
DJ shook his head again, but he watched, his gaze intent, as Jarvis set Pepper's cup in front of her and filled it from the tea pot.  Pepper smiled at him. “Would you like a bite of my strudel?” she offered.  He shook his head again, but picked up a spoon from the table, running his fingers over the curve of the bowl.
“Right.  All of you stay right fucking here,” Clint said, and that was stupid, that was absolutely stupid, and Tony was already running.  “Stark!”
The sound of a camera shutter barely registered, but Steve pulled back, just a few inches. “Would you stop, Jesse?” he asked, but his voice was warm and full of humor.
“I’m pretty sure,” Rhodey said, his voice wry.  "I mean.  I don't own the place.  But I've been here a few times."
There was a moment of silence, of stillness.  A frozen tableau, with DJ staring up at him, his face a blank mask, and Strange’s face wreathed in an imperious, disapproving frown.  There was a strange sort of energy in the room, arcing between them, and Harris didn’t know if he should stand, or stay sitting, say something or just run.
DJ looked down at the carpet.  The tea hadn’t left a mark.  He picked up his tea cup.  “They were trying to protect me,” he said, very carefully.  “Protect everyone.  Made a mistake.”  He set the cup back down.  “We-  All do that.”
She glanced at him, her blue eyes sharp under the line of her brows.  “What’s the password?” she repeated, tucking the handkerchief into her back pocket.
“We can say whatever we want, ain’t gonna make it so.”  Clint picked up the peel and popped it into his mouth.  “I think there’s some uniting happening downstairs, that’s for sure.
Tony’s eyebrows arched.  “And…  You approved?” he asked.  Harris’ mouth went tight, and Tony held up a plate.  “Bacon?”
“Eat something,” he said, and Steve’s shoulders twitched, a flinch that he did his best to hide.  But Tony turned back to his work.  “We’re not doing this again.  You’re not helping him, starving yourself.”
He reached the top of the stairs and stomped towards the library.  “So do whatever you’d like.  I’m beyond caring.”  To his credit, he did not slam the door behind him.  But it closed with a firmness that echoed through the hallway with a terrifying finality.
“Wonderful,” she said.  She crouched down, holding out a hand, long fingers curled back against her palm.  The cat padded over to rub against her knuckles.  “Hello, there, fluffy.”
The room was too loud, too busy, too full of people talking in low, serious voices, and machines beeping away with steady insistence.  There was a few members of SHIELD scientific mingled in with the doctors, nurses and interns that seem to overflow every available inch of space.  But in the midst of it all, there was Steve, too pale and too still.  The left side of his face was a mass of bruises, his lip split and his eye swollen almost shut.  A butterfly bandage held together a nasty looking gash on the side of his neck, and his hair was matted against his forehead.  Someone had made a clear effort to clean him up, but the skin showing above the bandages on his arms looked grimy still.
"I take it Reed's not handling it well."  Steve headed towards the elevator, Sue keeping step with him the whole way.
Tony looked at Jarvis, who was wiping the condensation from the pitcher of water.  “Your luck held,” he said, setting it down.  He arched an eyebrow at Tony.  “The same could not be said for your jacket.”
Tony had commandeered a tray of champagne flutes and was wandering the room, distributing them with a charming smile and his usual grace.  Steve kept a close eye on him, waiting for him to work his way through the crowd, so he was close enough to see, and hear, and react, then he reached up, and rang the mistletoe bells.
DJ set his backpack down next to a chair, lowering himself down into it.  “Not good at parties,” he said, his fingers gripping the seat on either side of his legs.
“Good try,” Sam said, as they headed across the street towards the nearby park.  At this hour, the jogging path was almost deserted, only a few stalwarts making the rounds.
Tony made a swift retreat into the bathroom, closing it behind him with hands that shook.  “Oh, fuck,” he said, leaning against the door.
Steve laughed, some of the strain going out of him. “Thank you.” He tipped his head back, and Aimsbridge took the strip of silk out of his hand. He made quick work of the knot, his fingers light against Steve's throat as he tightened the tie.
“Good talk,” Tony agreed, and hung up the call.  Then he tossed his phone in the general direction of the trash can, which he could do, because he hadn’t thrown up in that trash can, and good for him.
“So I’ve been told.”  But Tony brushed a kiss on her head.  “I’m fine, the bullet merely grazed me, my crack team of operatives spirited me away in a matter of moments, DJ has forgiven me for ruining his first time at the picture show, and I’ve been told that I’m being indulged with all my favorite foods at dinner, if you’d care to stay.”
“I'm going, I'm going!” Steve said, laughing.  But she never let up, nudging him mercilessly in the direction of the gym.  Only when they reached the door did she dart around him, throwing the door open with a theatrical gesture.
DJ went, trailing a blanket behind him on the ground, and Steve watched him go with an affectionate smile.  He could almost see Tony in him sometimes, in the way he moved and the way he stood, in his moods and his quicksilver brilliance.  He could see the echo of Tony in DJ's smile, in his laugh, in the way his voice rose and fell when he was excited.
"You'd think New Yorkers would be made of sterner stuff," Tony said.  "But any excuse to stay home."  He tipped his head towards the window.  “I'm in the market for a wedding ring.  Any chance I could see one you've got on display?”
“When do I not?” she shot back, her head jerking towards the door.  “Go.  If you manage to get up there before the main course, you might get by without much comment.”
“Nothing,” she said.  “There were tire tracks at the north gate, but no sign of forced entry there.”
“What does that mean?”  It came out too hard, too sharp, and Tony pulled himself back with a force of will.  “What do you mean, not unduly?”
Steve grinned.  “Yeah, they’re…  They’re really good.”  He stood, heading for the coffee pot.  “There’s four in the bag, I’d say don’t eat them all at once, but that’s a lot easier said than done.”
Tony leaned forward.  “Oh, you think I'm kidding?” He grinned.  “I can make this happen.  You.  Me.  A van.  It'll be our hobo van.  We can criss cross the country, looking for trouble.”
“Uh-huh.”  Tony held the plate out of reach.  “Jan handled it.  Don’t make yourself sick over some damn mini cannoli, Steve, and go get some real food.  I can take most of this team on an extended sugar rush, I do not know if I’d survive you.”
Both bots lowered their claws and made a sad, pathetic sound. Steve just blinked for a moment and then slowly approached them.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Someone who cares about everyone else so much that he will do anything to ensure their safety. Someone who does this because it makes him happy to help others in one way or another.”
“Dad, Pepper and Tasha both think you and Steve should go out on a date and I think Steve makes you happy because you laugh a lot when you guys talk so I think you should too.”
Tony’s eyes were shut again but he was smiling. “Yeah.” His voice was soft, quiet, but he was laughing. “We really really are.”
They both laughed and looked down at where General Nuts-N-Bolts was racing around their legs. “Now that’s and order I can follow. You better follow it too, seeing as he outranks you now.”
Steve almost shouted, took a step toward the other man before halting his steps before he could reach him and do something irrational. “It’s true. Whether you believe it or not. We infiltrated your company and the warehouse you were held captive in despite the danger—“
The first thing he did was locate a small practice room with a piano in it so he could rehearse his pieces in private. He wasn’t worried at all about screwing them up because he’d played them for several hours on a daily basis and dreamed of the sheet music that night. It was a problem he had. His brain never turned off. He was always composing a new piece, making adjustments to ones he’d written previously, added a bit of flare to others. He was nothing if not persistent on improving the quality of his compositions and making sure there was always something new and enjoyable to entertain his audience.
When Steve looked up from the havoc being caused by the bot he found the genius staring at him, a smile on his lips but eyes that were surprisingly unreadable at the moment. They kept up staring, something curling in the pit of Steve’s stomach the longer it went on, until Tony broke his gaze away and Steve felt himself almost instantly sag in relief.
“Says the genie named Steve,” the genius shot back. He ran a hand through his mess of a hair and then felt his goatee, frowning when he realized it needed a trim. “Although you’re not the first person to call me strange. Does my goatee look messy to you?”
“Tony, If the next words out of your mouth are some variation of the ‘I’m not involving you in this’ speech, then I will actually kill you.”
Tony lifted his hands to show surrender. “Of course it is. Most genies either go by Genie or have some ridiculously exotic name.”
“Steve Steve Steve Steve Steve,” he chanted in whispers that eventually turned into shouts. “I’m coming, I’m coming, oh god. Steve.” He kissed the soldier once more before his hips jerked violently, his eyes squeezing shut, seeing stars as he continued to chant words in whispers he’d never before said to the blond.
“You know, Artificial Intelligence?” Tony waved his hand, “Bruce knows who I’m talking about. He’s the genius inside the coding.”
“They believe it is pertaining to the Tesseract used by Johann Schmidt during World War II. It is unclear how much he was able to manipulate the use of the cube before it burned him alive, but Steve was fighting against him and disappeared shortly after. You might know of him at Steve Rogers, Captain America and the Star Spangled Man.”
“What is there to work out? I don’t know what’s going on in the first place and Tony won’t tell me. He says he doesn’t know either.”
Tony shrugged, but there was another smirk, this one a bit more bitter and curdling at the edges. “Does HYDRA ring any bells? Johann Schmidt? Or maybe you know him as ‘Red Skull’. Yeah.”
Bucky held his hands up in surrender and shook his head. “I’m just saying. If that’s who was making you smile earlier then I say go for it, but you can’t tell me it’s nothing because you get this look on your face when you like someone and you were wearing that look when you were on your phone.”
Steve gave Bucky a concerned look, wondering what he’d told this girl, but Bucky just shrugged his shoulders and gave the slightest shake of his head. He turned his attention back to Sharon.
It was one thing he had to give the youngest Stark. He’d given Bucky back a piece of himself and with it a sense of purpose again. For that, Steve had always been grateful.
“Hey!” Tony exclaimed, mock affronted. “ I am not tiny. I’m—I’m compact. And certain parts of me are anything but tiny I’ll have you know.”
Steve realized now he’d been stupid for not trying to call Tony. Whatever they had fought about was honestly nothing that should stop them from being friends (or maybe more if he still wanted it) in the grand scheme of things. People fight. They fight over worse things but they work it out. He’d been silly to think Tony could just get bored with him and move on to something else. Tony put so much passion into everything he did and Steve had missed what was already obvious.
“Hi, honey. I’m home,” Tony parroted at Obadiah, the same way he’d said it to Steve when he’d showed up at his doorstep, though with less coughing and almost keeling over.
He’d seen Stark around from time to time, at different socialite events, places to get drunk and make business happen, but he’d never done much more than ignore a slight pass made by the younger man or walk right by him and his group of latchers-on as they cooed and awed over the brunet. It wasn’t until Tony had taken an interest in Bucky’s arm after a random meeting in a coffee shop of all places Bucky could have been, that Steve really had any incentive to say more than a cursory ‘hello’ or ‘if you’ll excuse me’.
Steve smiled, taking the note from Tony and putting it in his pocket. “Yeah. Sure.” He felt lame saying that but anything that might have been remotely cool in the form of a response left his brain ages ago. “Thanks.”
Steve just huffed and laughed a little, his cheeks turning red. “It’s nothing. I haven’t drawn in awhile, s’all. I don’t even know how I know how to honestly.”
“Okay okay!” He slipped the sweater on over his shirt. “There! Tis the season for tacky sweaters! But I am not going out in public like this!”
Another look flickered across Steve’s face. “I know that name. Stark. It struck me the first time you said it. I don’t know why I know it though.”
Pepper quickly stood and put her hands on her hips. “Tony Stark, you assured me that you weren’t on drugs!”
Steve shrugged helplessly. “I can’t answer that for you. You have to make that decision on your own. Just—do what’s best for you.”
This time Steve turned and lurched forward, getting right up in the genius’ face. “If you don’t stop talking right now, so help me god, I will find a way to make you shut up.”
Steve let the conversation go on for a good ten minutes before the language being spoken sounded less like English and more like a series of numbers and formulas. “Okay. Can we start speaking English again?”
Another breath, fists clenched at his side. “He’s my best friend and I just want him back. I want back the guy who was always there, who always had my back. I want all of it back but he refuses to talk to me. And when he does it’s not much. He’s so angry and quiet and not at all like he used to be.”
He got the feeling that the interest he had in Steve was mutual and he was extremely motivated to make it work. Tony deserved it. He thought he did at least. He worked hard and he didn’t give himself a lot of free time. Okay correction. Pepper didn’t include much free time in his schedule, which involved a lot of travel as well as a lot of not sleeping. His coffee addiction was going to end up becoming problematic at the rate he was going now. Usually he didn’t mind the non-stop travel unless it included flying halfway across the world for a few days and then flying back. The jet lag was hell and he rarely got time to make up for the difference. He’d never bothered adapting to a normal sleep schedule because of it.
The blond bit his lip and pushed himself from the doorframe. Tony had turned to look at him again and Steve felt himself being pulled in by the look on Tony’s face alone. He closed the door and slowly made his way inside.
“Yeah,” Bucky replied dryly. “Lots of people shooting at each other. They’re using bystanders as human shields.”
“What? She can’t order you to do that! That’s…!” He couldn’t even finish his sentence. “Fine. I’m going upstairs! Watch me leave. I’m leaving. Tell Pepper I’m leaving.”
“It isn’t important. It’s stupid and it’s not important and you’re making things harder by doing this.”
Tony waved his hand in a go ahead motion and turned back to Obie. “The world is going to know about you soon. I’m not a fan of airing my dirty laundry for everyone to see, but I figure this will clear up a few things about what’s been going on right under everyone’s noses.”
Bruce tweaked his glasses and frowned down at the pages. “This, this is a failed exploration into gamma radiation and more specifically the effects of reversing contamination of living subjects whose health effects have accumulated at an accelerated rate. I still haven’t figured out how these specific subjects experienced accelerated cell production causing the radiation poisoning to spread as fast as it has, but I thought I was getting closer until I hit right around-“ he pointed at the table where a little bit of writing had spilled off the page, “here.”
Tony wrapped both his arms around Steve’s shoulders and held on tight, yanking Steve down until he was slightly bent over Tony, hands at the other man’s hips, gripping as tight as he could.
A few minutes later Tony joined his son and began to make Peter’s breakfast. He looked back once and smiled while he popped the bacon into the microwave because it hurt less since there wasn’t bacon grease popping onto his arm. Also, it took too long to do it the right way.
Nuts-N-Bolts chirped questioningly at Tony, tugging at his pants just slightly. Tony looked down at him. “As much as I’d love a coffee, you can’t exactly reach the counter top.”
Pepper shook her head and reached around Tony to pat Rhodey on the shoulder in apparent commiseration. “You’ve been in it longer than I have. The things you must have seen.”
Tony nodded quickly, looking right at Steve. “I do. I’ve heard everything. I’ve taken care of Hammer. More or less. He hasn’t realized it yet, but he’s slow and it might take him awhile to notice. I don’t care what he does to me. We’ve always hated each other, but when you fuck with someone I care about, I’m going to get even. So I did."
Natasha pulled out a thumb drive from her pocket and handed it to Tony. “I’m not sure how much of that you’ll want to see, Stark.” When Tony just stared between her and the drive, she continued. “JARVIS says hi by the way and that he’s rather pleased to learn that you are, in fact, okay.” Nat turned away when Tony visibly swallowed. “He wanted us to inform you that the bots are doing fine and he’s been keeping things updated and ready for your return.”
The brunet just looked at Steve for a solid three seconds before brushing past him and walking away. Okay? He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do now. Tony turned to look at him and jerked his head in the direction he was heading so Steve followed him. Neither of them said one word the entire way and he was surprised to be walking into a small practice room.
Steve picked up the Iron Man helmet from the table and gave it a sweet, quick kiss before setting it back down. He smiled at Tony and then laughed at the look on his face.
Steve was surprised later that night when the bot found him again, chirping excitedly as it zoomed around his legs, and periodically into his legs. He was even more surprised that he didn’t mind the company the bot provided even if it did follow him everywhere. LIterally everywhere.
"I--” He was abruptly cut off when Natasha walked back into the room, followed by an exasperated voice.
Tony made no move to speak and Steve moved until he stood in front of the door. “How about this. Neither of us are leaving this room until you speak up, and trust me when I say I have nowhere else to be.”
So maybe he wasn’t proud of the way he ended up in the hospital. He’d probably never feel like he was good enough for Steve, but he’d at least try because Steve was worth the effort. He might even be inclined to work less. Maybe. At least he didn’t die though. He was given a chance to have what he wanted in the end, and that was worth it.
Tony had teased Steve for the flowers the blond had given him when he’d come to pick up Tony. Tony loved them but he really needed to work on his gratitude skills because they were severely lacking sometimes. That and Tony had never been given flowers before so he wasn’t sure how this situation was supposed to be handled.
“You do make such a lovely picture right now,” Tony said when he pulled away from the kiss. “I’m tempted to have you be the one to fuck me when we get home while that vibrator rubs against your prostate continuously. How many times do you think you can come from that?”
The trip to the mall was painful. This had more to do with Clint being just as much of a child as Tony...when Tony was actually an adult. They discovered quickly, and much to their surprise, that Tony Stark as a child acted nothing like a child in the sense that he managed to have a full understanding of what fell under acceptable and what did not. The shop clerks were impressed and insulted at the same time because Tony as a child was a force to be reckoned with. His understanding of percentages and crisp cuts on all clothing was funnier more than it was worrisome.
Tony’s head shot up, his gaze almost comical at first until he glared. “What the fuck do you think I told them? I don’t know the secret password to your little ongoing party. I didn’t know who ‘The Captain’ was until they let it slip. It took them a week to realize I was telling the truth, a week of fucking torture.” His voice was watery. “By then they decided that if they couldn’t use me for what they got me for, then they could at least try and get me to make them new weapons. Something to use against you the next time you all went toe to toe.”
He had some papers drawn up by his lawyers and eventually became the sole parent to Peter, having his mother waive all rights to her child since she stated she didn’t want him to begin with. It puzzled Tony how she could even feel that way but he wanted to avoid complications and potentially emotionally scarring his child in the future. He had doubted himself as a parent initially because he didn’t want to turn into his father, but he’d managed to prove he was amazing at taking care of Peter. Not once in the five years since he had Peter did his birth mother even try to contact them.
Tony was suddenly looking down at his shoes, fidgeting nervously. “Can I come? Can you take me with you? I think my dad will want to see you anyway.”
Peggy stood up and gave Steve a hug, smiling. “I hear congratulations are in order. You got into art school!”
Steve took his bike to the address given to him by Tony. When he stopped in front of the gates of a mansion, he had to do a double take and make sure he was at the right place. He rolled the motorcycle to the gate and found an intercom. He pressed the button and was met with a very British voice.
Natasha made an affirmative noise before the noise of her com quieted again. Steve positioned himself next to Bucky, and eyed the short, portly man in sitting behind the desk in front of them. He had his hands folded, almost politely, with an indulgent twisted smile spread over his lips. “Ah, Captain. It is so good to see you. I see you and yours have made great work to plow your way here.”
“The man who had you kidnapped and tortured. The man who is apparently trying to steal your company right out from under your nose.”
“Well my plane,” he pointed towards the ocean where only a few bits of debris were currently floating, “crashed. At least I think it did. I haven’t seen any indication that anyone else was on it with me, but I distinctly remember being on an airplane on my way home from a business trip and that there were other people there.”
“Right right. Guess it works for what I’m asking from you. Anyway,” he pulled out the thumb drive again and tossed it to Natasha. “Cap says this is your area of expertise so you hold onto it. If you want intel on Stane you’re going to have to get into my building, which, if you aren’t me or a card holder, is actually more difficult than breaking into the White House. Take it from someone who’s actually broken into the White House on several occasions. Drunk. It was a dare. Moving on. The first step to getting in needs to happen from the outside. I can only search for so much out here before the computer picks up my patterns records the data. If Stane see’s that, he’ll know I’m still out here alive and kicking and we can’t have that.”
“I know! Fuck, I know that! I understand that. I want to help him. I want him to remember me and I want him to know that I’m here and that I’ll always be here but I can’t if he refuses to let me. I can’t bring him back if he keeps running away.”
Steve found Tony lying on the couch, a bowl of popcorn balanced precariously on his stomach as the younger man slept to the sound of doctors discussing their love lives with each other. It was a rare moment to see Tony resting; one Steve had managed to catch only once or twice since Tony had fallen under their care. Under any other circumstances, Steve would have removed the popcorn, turned the television’s volume to low and covered Tony with a blanket, but things being as they were, they had somewhere to be and no time to lose.
Steve showed up on Tony’s doorstep, tugging nervously at the tie he’d chosen to wear. He wasn’t sure how to dress really, but he figured that since it was a first date he’d stick with a suit and tie. Peter answered the door before Steve could even knock.
His series of pieces for the art show had been more difficult to complete. He’d had a charcoal sketch of Tony that he’d started. It wasn’t complete before their huge fight, but he’d made so much progress that he finished it anyway. His professor loved it. Steve couldn’t look at it. That was a bit dramatic yes, but it was still true.
Well Tuesday happened as they generally tend to do. This one had been no exception as midtown had suddenly found itself surrounded by giant, lost turkeys. The operation could have run smoother, but the archer in all New Yorkers had apparently come out that day as many were prepared to see who could take down these turkeys with their own bows and arrows if for no other reason than to have the giant birds stuffed and displayed somewhere. Clint was personally offended and Hulk became even more enraged after being hit with one too many stray New Yorker arrows.
“And now she’s calling.” He answered the phone. “Hello, my darling PA. Me and Peter are on our way. ...yes, I know you’re on a tight schedule...no, we have a good excu--...we’re about to lea--...yes, okay, we---...” Tony rolled his eyes. “Pepper, you know I love you and all that, but stop interrupting me, woman! ...sorry, not woman. ...yes, I know. ...I know what time the wedding is. ...you can’t revoke my best man duties just because… fine we’re coming now!” He ended the call. “Peter, chop chop. Pepper just ripped me a new one.”
The agent shrugged. “Actually I was going to ask if I could take you up on that offer for a trip to Portland.”
Steve pulled back away from Tony, his eyes darting toward the sketchpad before he shrugged. “Sure. I wanted to show you something anyway.”
It was interesting for him to note how happy Tony looked as well. It was the same look Tony always had when he was doing his mad scientist thing on Bucky’s arm, but he never noticed just how relaxed the genius exactly was when doing something that went completely over the rest of their heads. Even Bruce had expressed his astonishment at the things Tony could accomplish, especially considering how young he was. Bruce seemed to emphasize that a lot lately.
“Bullshit,” Steve snapped. “Be a man and say what you mean, not whatever will get this conversation over with the fastest.”
“I understand that, Tony. And I know it’s not something I can help you figure out, this is something you’ll have to decide on your own, but you will figure it out. For what it’s worth, I trust you, and I trust that you’ll do what’s right for you when the time comes.”
She nodded, folding up into herself. “Steve?” He looked at her, and she arched her eyebrows. “Did you ever tell him?”
“Usually, yes,” Obie said.  “Justin, my boy, don’t play with your food.”  Justin started in his seat, his eyes blinking owlishly behind the lenses of his spectacles.  Obie gave him a fond, if exasperated smile.  “Manners, son.”
“Right,” Clint said, and he sounded as tired as Tony felt.  “Look, none of these are what you’d call ‘discreet,’ so we’re heading back.”
Tony’s eyes opened, and it took a couple of tries, but he managed to make them focus on the face floating in front of him.  Jarvis looked worried, and Tony tried to smile.  “Jarvis?”
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. "Thank you," he said, and he sounded exhausted. "It is as if God created that man specifically to enrage me."
“Tell me he's not going after him,” Coulson said, and he sounded exhausted.  He rubbed his forehead.  “Please.  Someone tell me that.”
“I was dreaming that Steve was stripping me,” Tony said, and that was an understatement, that was absolutely an understatement.  Even now, the memory of it was enough to make his knees weak.  Steve's fingers, sliding over his skin, coaxing his clothing away, piece by piece, his mouth hot and wicked, his lips whispering soft, dirty words against Tony's skin.  Steve, his body swaying against Tony's, pressing close, rubbing against him with every movement.  Tony squeezed his eyes shut, struggling against a fresh wave of arousal.
"Pretty sure that's not his main concern," Sue said.  She looked at Tony, considering him.  "Does he go to school?"
There was a beat of silence, and then all of them moved towards the door.  He gripped the door frame with both hands.  “Don’t even try it,” he said.  “Someone’s telling me.”
He looked up, and found a familiar face grinning down at him. Tony was seated on a small balcony just above Steve’s head, one foot braced on a mass of fabric below him.  His sleeves were rolled up to his elbows, and his vest was hanging open over his white shirt.  His head tipped to the side, dark hair flopping over his forehead.  “Well?” he asked, one hand swinging idly back and forth, a wrench tapping against the railing like the clapper of a bell.  Steve blinked at him, and Tony’s eyebrows arched, his eyes dancing. “The time, my good sir?”
“Perhaps one of the large ones, with the flip top lid?” May suggested.  The song trilled to an end, and she stepped back, her face flushed.  “I think there’s one that’s just right in the back of the pantry, up on the shelf, if you-”  Waving her off, Clint headed for the door.  “Thank you!” May called after him.  She smiled down at DJ, reaching for her apron again.  “I’m betting he’ll find you the perfect jar.”
Steve didn’t look up.  “It’s a free country,” he said, and because that was rude, and Jarvis didn’t deserve it, he tried again.  “And it’s more your house than mine, Jarvis.”  He opened another drawer in the dresser, collecting the few pieces of clothing he’d stowed there.
She made her way around the table, emptying her arms as she went.  “Our party is a buffet this year, we simply have too many people to do a sit down meal, and super heroes have…”  She paused.  “Unreliable schedules, so this makes it so people can come and go when it’s most convenient for them.  Natasha’ll be double checking the guest list, so if there’s anyone you want that I might not have in the group rolodex, please make sure you get their info to her ASAP.”
“I want to shave my head,” Carol said, staring up at Caiera, who ran a hand over her own buzzed skull.
Clint was laughing now, his shoulders shaking.  “You’re not asking the right questions,” he said, and Steve gave him a look.  “The question you should be asking is, why are you a French Chef, despite being neither French, nor a chef?”
“I THINK I’m straight,” Greer said, her lips pursed.  ‘I’m open to possibility, but for now-”  She gave a shrug, her hair bouncing around her shoulders.  “Straight?”
Steve nodded, just once, a jerk of his chin.  “You go left, I’ll go right,” he said, his voice clipped.  “Herd him towards the stairs and Mrs. Parker.”
“I’m aware,” Tony said.  He stared at the phone on his desk, willing it to ring.  “So give me the basics, Obie.  We’ve started fabrication on the new design?”
His fingers locked on Darcy’s, squeezing so hard that he must have hurt her, because she grabbed his wrist with her other hand.  He glanced back, the word ‘sorry’ half formed on his lips, and she was running with him now, running full out.  “Go,” she said, through her teeth.  “I can keep up.”
He stood.  “I know him quite well.  His offer of a position was not intended as an insult, or a bribe.  I believe, rather, that it was his way of giving you a choice.  Of giving you a way forward where you would not be beholden to the things that have held you back.”
He felt the muscles of Tony’s arm tighten under his fingers, then relax. “Then go,” he said, his voice shaking with tension.  “We’re wasting time.”
Tony pried open one eye.  A blurry mass of brown and white was terrifyingly close to his face.  “Oh,” Tony said.  “Good morning?”
“Sit with me,” Steve said, and his head was down, his shoulders hunched.  But he was holding onto Tony like a lifeline, and Tony loved him so much it hurt.
“Fine, two, I will revolutionize two American industries, but you drive a hard bargain and I want it known that I expect at least six months of complete isolation for this.”  He gave the glass of scotch a morose look, but he knew better than to reach for it.  He did sit up, though.  Small steps.  “I do not want to talk to the press, the politicians and anyone I know for at least that long.”
"There."  He rapped Rogers' wrist with his knuckles, the skin to skin contact fleeting.  "All set.  You may go."
Miss Potts took a sip of her tea.  “Of course.  I might even answer it,” she said, her lips curving against the china.
“Are you sure?” the blonde asked him, and the boy nodded, a quick, sharp flick of his chin.  “This is the place?”
"Dislocated shoulder, possible concussion, definite bruised tailbone, general bad temper," Bruce rattled off.  His smile seemed lighter now.  Easier.  "She would like everyone to know that she's most definitely not okay, and she is very, very pissed off about it."
Tony shook his head, something like a laugh slipping out from his tight lips.  “And here I was hoping you'd point out that I don't have to do anything I don't want to do.”
Clint frowned at him over the top of the plastic wrapper.  “No?” he repeated.  “Think I need a larger size?”
“Your favorite?” T’Challa asked, coming up behind her.  She glanced over her shoulder at him, her eyes dancing, and he gave her a mock scowl.  It did not sit naturally on his broad, handsome face. “Are you sure about this?”
Steve's head swung around, his gaze locking on Tony.  “Don't move,” he said, and he was already moving towards the stairs, his long legs eating up the distance in seconds.
“Right, what excuse do the rest of you have?” he asked.  He looked at Steve.  “I never knew about this country side of you.”
“And throwing knives at anyone who didn’t move out of the way fast enough,” Bruce mumbled into his pastry.
He looked up, and Harris caught his eye.  Then he shook his head, very, very slowly, mouthing the word ‘no.’.  Tony sighed.  “I love you, I’m not dying, and, trust me, really really sorry I ever thought that was something I needed to do.”  He walked back out of the kitchen, water bottle pressed to his eyes.  “I was trying to spare you, you know that, don’t-”
“Which is another reason why we're fine with comforting you,” Carol said.  She propped her fists on her hips.  “Now.  Who wants to go help clean up and make sure no one went slinking off through the back alleys?”
He smiled at Tony, his head shaking from side to side.  “You showed up at my window that day, and you basically said, 'follow me home,' and I did.  Even before we were this, when we were just meeting, just friends, it was-”  His eyes closed.  “You just cleared a spot for me, and everyone accepted it.  You brought me to parties and said, 'he's Steve,' and that was it.  No one wanted anything more from me.  You walked me into the kitchen and said, 'he's Steve, what're we doing for lunch?' and someone handed me a plate.  No one questioned it.  I was with you and that was all that mattered.”
“Clint’s mad at me and your father,” he said, the words careful. He nodded, his jaw going tight.  “Everyone’s a little mad at me and your father.”
Tony's eyes were scrunched closed, his nose wrinkled, and Steve was smiling at him, just a slight, soft smile that creased his cheeks.  It was the most intimate picture Ellen had seen in a long time.
“Wait, his what?” Rhodey sat up.  His Air Force Academy t-shirt was definitely worse for wear.  “His hearing aids?”
“Excellent!” Tony said.  He paused, and dug under the pillow, his face scrunching up as he made a grab for something.  A moment later, he dragged Steve's wrinkled dress shirt out.  It dangled limply from his hand.  “I was quite drunk, wasn’t I?”
“Stop,” Steve said, laughing as he hopped out the back door of the truck. “Please.  Just-”  Tony was met him halfway, at the back door, and Steve shook his head.  “Just stop.”
“Absolutely not,” Rhodey said.  “Because the favor’s going to be figure out which of Rogers’ feet should be the right one.”
"I suspect he may have hooked up with a few in his teenage years.  But male or female, he only gets involved with smart people," Jan clarified.  She wobbled a hand in his direction.  "Nerdy smart people.  I'm going to put you in some nerd chic, he won't even know what hit him.”
Peter, clad in his own flower crown, held up a massive red and yellow kite.  “I think there's enough light to give this one last try,” he said, grinning.
DJ considered him, caught mid-bite.  He nodded, the donut still clamped between his teeth.  “See,” Rhodey said with a grin.  “At least one Stark has taste.”
"It's early," Clint corrected, shoving the covers aside.  He scrubbed his hands over his face.  "Way too early."
“I helped fund their second game, too.  That one sold better, I think, I-” DJ’s feet flexed.  “I think.  They’re-”  He focused on the cat, arching into Harris’ palm, its eyes closed, its ears flicking.  “Got an email last week.  About the third one.”
“He looked good in the curly thing she did,” Ellen said.  She held up a picture.  “Where did you get this one?”
“I like to keep my options open,” Jan told him.  She blew a kiss in Steve’s direction.  “See you at dinner.”
"What do you mean, for tonight?" Steve asked, but Jarvis was already heading for the door, several pieces of Steve's clothing draped over his arm.  “Wait, where are you going with that, I'm not going to be-”
Tony glanced down at himself.  He'd left the armor on the landing pad on the roof, but the black undersuit was decent enough.  “What, do you think that I'm going to go get a facial and a manicure?  Get a bespoke suit?”
“But he does.  He found a problem.  And he figured out how he could help.”  Steve tried to smile.  “I’ve seen those wish lists, Tony.  Socks and laundry detergent and winter boots.”  He took a deep breath.  “He used his money for something he believed in.  And next week, he’ll have another deposit to cover his expenses.”  He gestured at the tablet.  “What little expenses he has.”
“It’s pretty good,” Bobbi said.  “He reworks it every so often; in case the job driving for Mr. Stark doesn’t work out, he figures he can transfer it over to Vaudeville.  His name’d look good in lights, don’t you think?”
Harris looked down at Slink.  Slink licked a paw, clearly unconcerned.  “Of course he did,” Harris said, as Slink wriggled out of his grip, hopping down to the ground with a thump.  “If you puke-” Harris called after him as Tony walked back into the room, stepping over the cat.
Steve was silent, his palm settling over the tattoo, cupping it in the hollow of his hand.  Then he leaned over and pressed a kiss to the back of Tony’s shoulder, his breath warm through the fabric of his shirt.  Tony swallowed, his heart pounding in his ears.  “Knew I should’ve kept my shirt on.”
Roughly a year ago, Sam and I commissioned Grumpycakes to do little drawings of Foodieverse!Steve and Tony.  Sam went...  Horribly hipster in his (don't you @ me, Starbuck, that mustache is a travesty) and I asked for a Tony more reminiscent of Anthony Bourdain, who had died just a few months before.  I liked the idea of Tony collecting ink, especially on his arms, where he would see it when he rolled up his sleeves to cook.  All the bits of his culinary history, some of the people who got him to this point in his life.
Steve opened his mouth, and O'Brien held up a hand.  "Think real hard before the next word leaves your mouth, Rogers."
“But I learned my lesson the last time,” Bruce finished.  “I, uh, I still have no idea what happened to my shoes or either of my melon ballers.”
“Excuse me,” Tony said, as the rest of the team filed into the room.  “Doom takes style tips from ME.”
“I’ll draw up the papers immediately, sir, will you be dictating the exact terms of my dismissal to me or shall I use my best judgement?”
"Jones," Natasha said, and Jessica held up both her hands, giving a double 'v for victory' sign.  Carol threw the wad of paper at her.
Tony took it with a laugh.  “Always pleased to meet an expert,” he said, stepping out of the way so that the young man could start unloading his cart.  His coworker was already at work, setting the table with plates, cups and gleaming silverware before setting out carafes of milk and juice.
Her eyelashes dipped, slow and languid as she tied her hair back with a bit of cord.  “I’m sure it was,” she said, striding past him to check the pressure gauges on the still.  “Since you respect locked doors so much.  No chance you would've forced one open.”
DJ giggled, one eye peeking out from under the folds.  “Thank.”  He scootched closer to Clint's side, curling up tight against him, and Clint moved his arm out of the way.  “Jarvis?”
“Yeah, well, you’re a goddamn coward and left me to deal with that alone, so you lost your vote,” Tony said, pulling a lead lined containment unit out of the storage.  He heaved it up onto the workbench.  “As it turns out that was the worst conversation I’ve had since the last one where my child disappeared to another dimension, so I should’ve left with you.”
Tony scanned the data streaming across the HUD.  “Actually, it's doing quite a bit.” He banked hard to the side, sweeping a wide arc in front of the robot.  “Hey there, Stampy.  Come here often?”
Tony exhaled, his arms braced on his knees.  “Okay, then, can you tell me what Steve’s wearing over there?  Because he looks like he skinned a polar bear, or maybe a teddy bear..”
“We would have less if you hadn't been avoiding it for the past few weeks,” Pepper said.  “Can you please remember your manners and thank Jan for coming out here so DJ will have something new to wear?”
“That depends entirely on his behavior with the board tonight,” Pepper said, leaning an elbow on the table.  “I’ll be there, either way, and honestly?”  She picked up a fragment of chocolate off of the edge of a plate, popping it in her mouth.  For an instant, her face went blank, her eyes squeezing shut.   When she exhaled, it was long and soft, her cheeks pink.  “I can put his signature on any bills that need to be paid.  I don’t think even he could tell the difference at this point.  Hell, he’s probably glad to get out of the effort of picking up a pen.”
Tony ignored her.  “It’s just that he’s so much fun to fluster.”  He grinned. “I’ve never known a grown man to blush that much, or that easily.”
That won him a small smile.  DJ sank down onto the couch next to his bed, pushing a few pillows out of his way so he could tuck his legs up next to him.  “Bunk beds?”
Sam threw his hands in the air.  "No.  Absolutely not.  I barely got him off my couch last week, you are not-"
“Don't you apologize for me,” the old man grumbled, and there was another clatter, of racks and pans and god only knew what else.  “Eli, get over here and stir this glaze for me.”
Steve took the plate of fried dough out of his hand, setting it on the small wooden table nearby.  “Marry me,” he repeated, and when he looked up, his face was full of joy.  He leaned in, his face boyish in its brilliance.  “Unless you want a better proposal?”
“Are you all right?” Steve leaned back, his hands cupping DJ’s head, tipping it up.  His face was tense, his eyes darting back and forth as he tried to take everything in at once.  “Deej?  Talk to me.  Are you-”\\
Jarvis’ voice cut through the room, sharp and hard, and Tony froze, instinct born of a lifetime of dealing with the ‘obey or die’ voice kicking in.  Jarvis strode across the room, a tray held easily in one hand.  “I would remind you that you have been injured, and it is only due to Dr. Banner’s quick and efficient work that the situation is not far worse that it is,” Jarvis said, his voice sharp.  “You will not undo his efforts in a fit of pique.”
“As you might have guessed, Officer Rogers does not approve of this,”  Jarvis said.  “But as he’s had little success in convincing sir to remain safely under guard, he’s changed tactics and is now attempting to persuade sir that perhaps allowing DJ access to, well....”
Peter gave Tony a sideways glance.  “What…  What are we defining as a ‘major disaster’?” he asked at last.
Trip took a deep breath.  “The really fucked up thing about this is, I have the greatest story to tell people, and yet, no one would believe me.”  She looked at  Steve and Tony.  “Do you two want to get married?”
Danvers head tipped back, blinking up at him.  “Then why did you feed it?” she asked him with an easy smile.  “Besides.” She shrugged.  “You’ll need it to keep the mice at bay.”  She crossed her arms over her chest.  “If you need anything, Wilson can be trusted.”  Her lips kicked up in a wry smile.  “For the most part.”
"But of all the things I lie for or lie about, you're my favorite." Tony stroked a thumb over Steve's lips before pulling away.  "Besides.  This is important to you."
A hand clapped down on her shoulder.  “Check your email, Duck.”  Jesse leaned over, peering into the camera, her head next to Ellen's.  “And run the story.”
Steve nodded.  “Understood, ma’am.”  He turned to go, and paused, his hand floating over edge of one of the tables.  “One more question?”
With each step he took away from the door, the less space he found he had, the plants growing up steadily on both sides of the walkway.  By the time he was halfway through the greenhouse, he was pushing swaths of leaves out of his way, forcing his way towards the back. Feeling like he’d somehow entered a jungle, he ducked his way past what seemed to be a full grown tree, finding his way at last to something approaching an open space.
She pulled the cloth free, folding it and tossing it over her shoulder.  “We have a gift for you,” she said to Steve, gesturing at it.  “I made it myself.”
But Steve kept reading, almost as taken with the story as DJ was.  About five pages from the end, Furbro popped up behind the book, one paw hooking on the spine and pulling it down.  DJ laughed as Steve lay the book down, letting the cat pad across it and settle down for a nap.  Steve grinned down at him.  "And that's the end of the story, I suppose," he said.
Tony took it.  “So, really.  You can’t think of any way that the cover story you’ve just set up has the potential to blow up in your face?”
Something clicked in Ellen's head.  “Wait, were people really getting married last night?”  She grabbed the photo.  “Is this-”  She realized she was grinning.  “They got married?”
"So glad you managed a clean shirt for this," Pepper told him, her voice tart.  But there was a smile on her face, her eyes dancing as she turned back to the reporters.  "If no one has any other questions for Tony about our product line, I'm going to turn this back to Marcy Pearson.  You all remember Marcy, right?  Our VP of marketing?"
Steve gave him a wide-eyed, innocent look.  “Man could make a fortune, if he figured out a machine like that,” he said, making his voice as earnest as he could manage.  Behind him, he could hear muffled laughter, and if he made the mistake of looking at Bruce, he would lose it.  “But it’s fine, you can just throw it away when you’re done-”
For a long moment, the elevator traveled in silence.  “Neither has Captain Rogers,” Jarvis said at last.  “I suspect he is struggling to adjust to your current arrangement, just as you are, sir.”
“So my brother finally says, ‘I will go,’ and that is a second uproar, everyone-” She drew the word out to about twice as many syllables as it should’ve had.  “Everyone had an opinion, and most of them were loud, but I think he was curious by then.”
“Because unlike me,” Tony said, “you have a tendency to learn from experience.”  He tucked his hands in his pockets.  “Tell you what.  If we live through this meeting with Fury and Hill, I'll let you make plans.”
Logan reached up, wrapped an hand around the back of Steve’s neck, and kissed him full on the lips.  Then he let go and kept walking, tossing a fried shrimp into the air and catching it in his mouth.
“I mean.”  Her eyes darted to the side, following his gesture.  “There are a couple of vendors selling hats, but no one’s going to make you wear one.” She adjusted the hat on her head.  “And you can’t have one of these unless you’re staff.”  She paused, blinking.  “Do-  Do you want to sign up to be staff?”
“You don’t know,” Rhodey said.  He pushed the croissant aside and reached for his coffee cup, then slumped back into his seat.  “Steve.  All of his ink, every piece of it, they’re all people.”
"Yes, one person has the good taste to handle their private matters privately, and the other has to be shamed into doing it," Morrison said.
“Is this formal?” Steve looked at the jacket.  He tossed it towards the bed. “I didn’t think this was formal, I don’t-”
Tony looked away.  “I’d let you go hungry,” he said.  “But Mrs. Parker’s kinder than I am.”  He smiled down at DJ.  “You, meanwhile, need to eat.  Up we go.”
Tony took it.  Soft, delicate threads of pasta was piled high, tossed in a coating of olive oil and garlic, topped with rough chunks of tomato and sausage, and a dusting of finely shredded cheese.  The porcelain of the bowl was warm in his hand, and Tony wrapped both hands around it, cradling it in his palms.  “Spaghetti?” he asked, his lips pulling up in a slight smile.
“Really,” Tony said, because that was not fun at all from his perspective.  He squeezed his eyes shut.  “If I-” He waved a hand at the doors at the end of the hallway, decorated to look like stone, covered in runes.  “If I go in there, will I have to wear a hat?”
Everyone stopped, and Tony looked at DJ, who was still studiously copying strings of figures.  Tony leaned in.  “What?”
She set the cup down on the floor next to him.  “But do you feel like doing that today?  Or do you want to do something else?”
“It was a good try,” Darcy said to Steve.  She had a plate of shrimp cocktails, the glasses arranged in a neat circle, with a side of cherry pie.  “Did you know that this place has ten different types of cream puffs?”
The girl shifted against him, her slight weight pressing down on him, and Clint winced as his shoulder  pressed hard against something sharp.  “Don't move,” he said.  There was an impact, somewhere above them, so close that the ground vibrated against his back.  He gritted his teeth, waiting for the chunks of the scaffolding to shift, for the remains of the street or the bus to come crashing down on them.
“I think that's my line.  After all,” Steve said, “I'm always up this early.  You're the one usually heading to bed around now.”  Steve juggled the massive cone of brown paper, pulling a bouquet of roses in a variety of pink shades from the depths  He offered it to Pepper with a bright grin. “Good morning, Ms. Potts.”
“Our entire civilization looked at that hut and collapsed,” she said, and Bucky was laughing out loud now, his head thrown back, a hand pressed to his eyes.  Shuri leaned forward, her spoon cutting through the air.  “From SHAME.”
“I hate everything and everyone,” Tony told him.  He leaned into Steve's palm, a soft sound of pleasure slipping from his lips.
Sam made a humming noise under his breath.  “Not that I’ve noticed,” he said.  “So, while I’m not downplaying your feelings here, Steve, maybe it’s something I can reassure you about.  I think perhaps you’re uncomfortable with what you’re wearing to social gatherings like this, because you’re uncomfortable with these gatherings, full stop.”
“The hobo van is absolutely the backup plan,” he said.  It didn't even seem like a bad backup plan.  Of course, if he had to sleep in a van with Steve within arm's reach, he'd probably die from sexual frustration.  But it would be worth it.  “We'll find little acts of heroism.  Paint a mural.  Fix up a playground.  Change a tire here or there, or a window pane.”
Harris licked his spoon.  “Does this happen in like, a separate plane of existence or like, in a magical realm or-”
“Aunt May!”  He grabbed his robe, struggling to pull it on as he shouldered his way out of his room.  “Aunt May, there’s a fire, the boat house is-”
Jarvis frowned at him.  "If you wish, sir," he said, still shifting through the hangers.  He pulled out a sleek black jacket, his fingers brushing gently at the fabric.  "It will make things difficult, however."  He turned back to Steve.  "After all, none of the staff can remain in the dining room while dinner is happening.  With the current-”  He stopped, his eyes darting towards DJ's room, then back to meet Steve's. “Problems, I'd hate to have Mr. Stark left alone."
“Give them to other people,” Tony said.  “I don't ever have to deal with them on the long term, Steve, I buy them and then foist them off on someone else.  Let someone else find a vase or, I don't know, this is like having a child that's going to die in three days, this is horrible, you've done a horrible thing.”
Tony's eyebrows arched.  "I promise, even when we get divorced, we can still be friends," he said, his lips twitching.
“Now, Mr. Stark, you best not put ideas into this young rascal's head,” Mrs. Parker said, but she let go of DJ's hand, letting him cross the hall to Stark's side.
Steve knew what was coming, but if they were going to do this, he was going to make them work for it.  “And?”
“Weak, Wilson.”  Abigail Chase walked up next to Tony, slipping her arms around Sam's neck.  He leaned in for the kiss, and Tony resisted the urge to kick them both in the shins.
Harris had no idea how long it took them to clear the convention, he saw the hall and the foyer of the hotel go by in a blur, and then they were outside, out on the sidewalk.  “Car?” Clint asked, and Tony nodded.
DJ shook his head.  “Designed a few.  But no.” His foot bounced against the side of his backpack, kept within easy reach.  “Have the armor.”
“Never thought I'd regret being anyone's favorite, but here we are,” Ellen said.  She rubbed her forehead.  “No.  We haven't gotten sued.  Or if we have, no one's told me.”  She let her hand fall to her side, and stared up at the ceiling.  “They'd tell me, right?”
“It was only two,” Harris said, and Tony gave him a look.  Harris cleared his throat.  “And they were very different.”
Her fingernails dug into his back, even through his jacket, through his shirt. He smiled. “I just can't do this again, Pep. I can't- Believe someone loves me like that.”
“I live my life by a precise and ordered plan,” Tony said, considering the holographic designs that hovered in front of him.  With an imperious flick of his fingers, he discarded the entire file.  Nothing but a waste of his time.  Again.
Despite that, Tony started coughing the moment they stepped outside.  Steve's chest ached, and he wrapped his arm around Tony's waist, pulling him in close.  “Come on,” he said.  “Let's get you home.”
She set the tray down on the counter.  “Platinum is sophisticated, classy, and durable.  It won't be bent out of shape with a little rough handling, so it's easy to take off and put on.”
Tony nodded.  “No.  We don't.”  The strands of Steve's hair slipped between the rough pads of his fingertips. “You're one of a kind, Rogers.  And you hold your secrets pretty well.”
Steve's head snapped around, looking up at the TV, where Tony was now at the microphone, smiling out at the audience and the camera.  “Did you guys draw straws?” he asked, and the camera view switched to show the reporters, their chairs arranged in neat rows facing the podium.  There were a few smiles, and a couple of them ducked their heads, clearly amused.  “Seriously, how'd you decide Matteo would be the one to ask that?”
“For now.” Steve looked back down at his sketchbook.  The random doodles that he’d been working on somehow seemed to have turned into a detailed drawing of Tony’s hands.  He stared down at it, wondering if he could even trust himself anymore.
Darcy nodded.  “Want a desert run?” she asked, waving a shrimp tail through the air.  DJ stared at her, puzzled, and she grinning.  “When I was down in New Mexico, and everything got too loud, and too frustrating and too-” She gestured.  “Just too much for me?  Clint would throw me in the back of the nearest car and we’d drive out into the desert, far, far out there, beyond the lights of town and beyond the SHIELD teams, and out into the nothing.”
“It broke them,” he said his voice flat.  “They were the ones who searched forever for a way back, and never found it.  They wandered, their minds trapped by something they'd seen that no one around them could understand.   The ones that went mad, who drank themselves to death, who became bitter and hard with what they knew they'd never have again.”
“I wanted a coffee,” Tony said.  He turned to face Steve, pulling his sunglasses off.  He held them off to Harris, who took them without thinking.  “Marry me.”
Tony didn’t say anything, and Stark just kept going.  “After all, I can see it.  He gave me everything I needed, everything I could’ve wanted.  The best schools, the best connections with the best people.  Ski trips to Aspen, or the Alps.  Summers on the Riviera, a beach house in the Hamptons.  Cars.  Clothes.  Whole companies.  I had the right upbringing, everything I needed.  He made sure that I had the best.  In everything.
He didn't wait to see if anyone followed his order.  He got up and got out first.  He was out the door and halfway up the hall before he heard the soft click of boot heels behind him.  “Please tell me you're here to put me out of my misery,” he said, clutching his empty coffee cup like a lifeline.
“Okay, I can,” Tony admitted, as Steve wandered past him towards the edge of the balcony.  "The...  Door's over here.”
“There,” he said, and it was eerie to hear his own voice coming from someone else’ mouth.  It was strange to see his own face, his mouth set in a sharp line, his dark eyes narrowed, the muscles of his jaw tight beneath that familiar facial hair.
Steve exhaled.  “Thank the good Lord,” he said, and he could hear his mother’s brogue in those words.  Fear and relief in equal parts, heavy on the tongue, heavier still on the heart.  He wondered, idly, in some distant part of his mind, if this is what it was to be a parent.  He shook off the thought. “Anyone else?”
"Up.  You have opinions on my engineering?"  Stark bent forward at his waist, his hands folded behind his back.  He smirked down at Rhodey.  "Then you can help me."
Hulk paused, his eyes narrowing.  Then, he gave a very serious nod, and scrambled to his feet.  "Swim," he rumbled.
Jan stared up at him from under her perfectly smooth bangs, her eyes huge and full of tears.  “And I had to find out from the NEWSPAPER,” she said.
She stopped.  “In any case, he made the offer, turned on his heel and was gone.  Miss Potts gave me a card, and said she’d call on me the following day, after I’d had time to think about it.”  She shook her head.  “What was there to think about?  I had no desire to enter service, but I also had precious little choice.”
Tony looked at Jess, who shrugged.  “I’m a lover, not a fighter,” she said, digging through the discarded bags, looking for more food.  “Is the book club the kind of club that has snacks?  Cause I’m down for speed reading the book while the brawl is happening and then jumping in when we get to the part with frittatas or mimosas or-”
"Very inconvenient, though," Tony muttered, and Pepper kicked at his ankle.  He sidestepped her easily.  "You are an HR complaint looking for a place to happen, woman."
“Hmmmm.” Jarvis gave him a sharp look, his eyes narrowed over the knife-blade of his nose.  “I do believe I mentioned yesterday that you had quite a schedule today, and that perhaps abandoning your work and taking to your bed would be best.”  He tapped a knuckle against the underside of Tony's jaw, nudging his head up.   “If I remember correctly, sir, you were less than swayed by my argument.”
His hands flexed at his side, trying to work the ache out of his bones, out of his knuckles.  He probably should’ve gone back to his flat, instead of here.  It would’ve been faster.  And safer.  But something drew him back to this house, something that he needed to start fighting.  But tonight, he was tired, and he craved silence.
DJ watched, confused, as his dad turned a page, his chopsticks lingering in mid-air as he leaned over the book, his dark hair falling over his forehead.  He reached up, pushing it back, and DJ could see the streaks of dust in the dark strands.
“Panic isn’t flat,” DJ said.  “At all.  But I’m-”  His nose wrinkled as he thought about that. “I’m okay.  If I’m not, I think you’ll know.”  He drew up one leg, bracing the heel on the edge of his chair.   He looked up.  “Yes?”
But it made him happy.  It was just a stupid joke, just a pointless fantasy, but God, it made him happy anyway.
“Don’t be,” Steve said, almost smiling at that.  He shifted in his seat.  “In any case, it’s pretty clear he’s come into money lately.”
“Don't blow him up next to the bomb!” Steve snapped, just as an arrow thudded into the flamethrower's fuel tank.  There was a crack and a sick, gooey noise, and then the man was on the ground, a pile of expanding foam rapidly swallowing him.
“Wasn't planning on making a run for it,” Tony said, because he might be on death's door, his throat might be on fire, but he still couldn't keep his mouth shut.  He scrubbed a hand over his face.  “What time is it?”
Tony leaned forward.  “I am not stealing from Wilson Fisk,” he said, his voice firm.  “And neither are you.”
“I’m on the throne because they could all agree, none of them wanted me there.  The King’s death caught everyone off guard.  There was no time to consolidate power, no time to make alliances.  It was a race to determine if someone could take the crown without all out war.”
“I live in the dorms, man,” Eli said.  “Distance is the best way to handle it.”  He spread his hands wide. “A lot of distance.”
Gyrich nodded, the movement of his head very slow.  “Actually, it does,” he said, his voice pleasant.  “But let's be clear, Captain.  I don't answer to you.  I don't answer to the press, public opinion, or the American people.  I am here, Project Wideawake is here, as a security measure to protect the people who will likely not appreciate what we are doing for them.  To keep them safe.  To make sure that everyone is treated equally under the law, no matter how much of a threat that they present.”
And with that, she walked out of the meeting room.  Everyone watched her go.  Carol started to clap, slow and deliberate.  “So, that just happened,” Bruce said, his eyes blinking rapidly behind the lenses of his glasses.
“Then I am well pleased.”  He shoveled the remains of a stack of plates into a garbage bag.  “Ah.” He bent over, coming up with a single unbroken plate.  He held it out to Carol.  “If you would?”  She flung it, frisbee style, into the nearest wall.  Thor nodded.  “As it should be.”
“I compartmentalize the chaos,” Rhodey said, dropping down into the chair opposite him.  “That's how I survive.  If I think of the whole situation at once, I-”  He shook his head, his expression haunted.  “Besides, you already married him, there's no going back on that, there's only damage control, and instead of doing damage control, you...”  He waved a hand at Tony, his face dismayed.
“I have far more experience with drinking on an empty stomach than you, and I’m too old to be dealing with this sort of nonsense.”  He pointed at Tony with the hand holding the glass, his index finger stabbing in Tony’s direction.  “I got through your entire childhood without you getting kidnapped, and thought I was past that nonsense.”
Bobbi and Natasha brought out pitchers of ice tea and lemonade, carafes of water and pots of coffee.  Steve and Bruce hefted crates of soda, the glass bottles clattering together with every step.  The bottles of wine they left to Rhodey and May, who carried them out of the cellar already wrapped in napkins to keep them cool.
The peel, blood red and thin as a sheet of paper, slipped from her fingers, falling soundlessly into the bowl.  “He never came home.”
For an long, very quiet moment, they stared at each other, eyes narrowed, feet braced.  “She'll do it,” Jess said. “Not even deliberately.  She'll get into a pissing match with someone-”
“Not comforting,” Steve told him, but his grip was firm and strong and real and whatever was coming…
"And you seem like a master of diplomacy," Duck said. He flicked a hand at the other chair. "Sit, Ning." Ellen considered arguing. Or running. Duck turned to look at her, giving her the full force of his gaze. "Ning. Sit down." It was calm. It was almost gentle. She wasn't sure why, but she found that more terrifying than if he was yelling.
"Not really, because I've still got them," Tony pointed out. He slanted a teasing smile in Steve's direction. "If anything, he's falling down on the job."
Tony was breathing hard now, his shoulders rising and falling with the force of it.  “Okay,” he said, and he sounded wrecked.  “Okay.  No.  That was a-”  His eyes shut, and he exhaled a slow, shuddering breath.  “That was a mistake, never do that again, I think I just had a goddamn stroke.”
Logan shrugged.  “We've been better,” he said.  “Lotta scared kids.  And a even more scared parents, trying to determine if the best thing to do is send their kids here, or take them out.”  He leaned back in his chair, his arms crossed over his broad chest.  “And when I say 'take 'em out,' I don't mean out of the school.  I mean, out of the country.”
“I'm not wearing armor, even if you make it for me,” Pepper said, proving that she knew him far too well.  “So don't even try.”  She patted his arm.  “That went well.”
"Now, now," she said, smiling.  "We appreciate you having us for dinner, Tony.  You always have the most interesting company.”
"It's fall, they'll be dying anyway," Natasha said, her fingers dancing through the air, letting a trail of tiny white petals float through the air in their wake.  She grinned.  "Bobbi?”
Steve squinted into the gloom, wondering if someone had been locked out, and if so, if their family'd had reason.  He shifted his bag higher on his back, his fingers tightening on the strap as the waiting figure pushed himself to his feet.
Happy looked over his shoulder at the wall.  Steve stared, his mouth falling open.  The cigar was pinned to the wall by an arrow.  Happy chuckled. “Now, that’s what I mean.”
Bucky paused mid-chew, considered the cream puff, and gave another shrug before taking a second bite.  “Honestly, if I'm gonna go out, doing it with a mouthful of pastry is how I'd want to go,” he said.  “You might kill me, but you've got standards, you'll make sure I die happy.”
Halfway through replying, he gave up, tossing it back next to the sink and heading back to the bedroom.  “Darce?” he called as he rubbed his hair.  Outside of their bedroom door, he could hear the faint sound of voices, rising and falling in quick bursts.  Concerned now, he struggled to get a pair of sweatpants up his damp legs.  Wrestling the fabric into place, he grabbed hold of the waistband, making sure they stayed up as he stumbled towards the door.
“Because his other idea was to take care of things in the fume hood while in bot form and-” He huffed out a breath that was almost a laugh.  “Cap, uh, he would definitely have had an opinion on that.”
“I think we both had our fill of talking,” Tony said.  “I wasn’t particularly-” He stressed the word.  “Interested in continuing a useless conversation.  I disapprove of him wasting his life, he disapproves of me not wasting mine.  All of his vaulted concern for my well-being was apparently tied to the a set of orders from his superiors.” He picked up his coffee, glaring at the cold depths.  “He got what he wanted, and he left.  Discussion over.”
Jan snapped her notebook closed.  “Right.  Nat's our honey pot on that one, she'll bring him in.”  She nodded at Luke.  “I'm done with this,” she said, gesturing at Steve.  “You may take him away.”
Steve was silent for a long moment, just taking in the full ridiculousness of the situation.  "I don't even know where to start with this," he said, bracing his hands on the back.  "I don't...  I don't even."
"My-  What?  No, it's not-  Wait.  And how could I have done that?” Stark wrenched a hand free and gave a shove at Thor's shoulder.  “Dear God, put me down, you great lummox, I shall not be manhandled in my own house.”
Agatha let out her breath in a huff.  “It’s not her,” she repeated.  She leaned forward, her eyes going into slits.  “Who, exactly, are you, young man?”
“Yeah, ma told ‘em that our da’s out, looking for work.” Mickey licked his thumb.  “Which, he might be, who knows?”  He looked up, and his jaw was a hard line.  “He didn’t want us before the world fell to pieces, why’d he want to come back now?”  He bent over his bowl, his arms wrapped around it almost protectively.  “Ma says he was here, couple months ago, but none of us saw him.” He let out an ugly bark of laughter.  “We pretend, cause she wants us to.  But he’s not coming back, that’s just the way of it.”
He offered her a hand, and she stepped forward, up to the counter.  Her fingers were rough, the nails cut short and the skin calloused, but she offered her hand without flinching.  "Thank you, Mr. Stark.  That means something, coming from you."
Stark looked down at the armor, where a name tag with the words “Tweedle Dum” had been slapped.  “You don’t say.”
Jarvis disappeared back up to the house, and Clint put a jar of pickles into the bag, then handed it over.  “Can you strap that-”
Her lips kicked up on one side.  “I had thought so,” she said. “Now I’m not so sure.” Her head tipped back, towards the others.  “Black Widow.  Espionage.  And Hawkeye-”
“Holy fuck,” she breathed.  “It's-”  She couldn't even get the words out.  She might've been hyperventilating.  She might've been having a stroke.  “It's-”
Tony nodded against his shoulder.  “I do,” he said.  His eyes met Steve’s.  “I love you.”  His lips kicked up.  “I thought you should know.”
“Understandable,” Bucky said.  His bowl was empty and he was just sitting, an easy smile on his face, his arms folded on the table.
“Sometimes he just screams at you,” Jesse pointed out.  “He gets around to me eventually.  But you're his favorite.”
Steve laughed, bright and easy, and Tony rested his forehead against his.  “Ass.  Hands.  Now,” he said,.  Steve’s chin tipped up, and Tony met him halfway.  The kiss was gentle, soft, warm.  Tony relaxed into it, savoring the familiar pressure of Steve’s mouth, of his body.  Even when it ended, their lips lingered, neither of them eager to break the contact.
“Peter's pretty easy to bribe,” Sam said.  “I pretty much just have to wave something fried in his general direction.  You need any help with Tony?”
Steve's eyes slid from one to the other, not really sure if he should be saying something.  “I should just-”
“It's such a shame, we've not a bean left in the house,” she said without missing a beat.  She paused to kiss Peter on the cheek, then headed for the blanket.  “Welcome home, Miss Potts.  DJ, will you come here and put your marbles away?”
“Did it scare you?” Tony asked, and DJ went still.  For a moment, he seemed to struggle, his face twisting into something like confusion, like fear.  Tony tapped him on the tip of the nose.  “Stop,” he said, and DJ’s face relaxed.  “Bad question.  Let me try again.”  He rocked forward, trying to find the right way to phrase it.  “Did it startle you?”
“If he runs, I want you out here,” Tony said, heading up the stairs to the main door.  “Watch the door.”
“Ah,” she said, and the sound whispered past her lip, soft and almost sad.  She raised her hand, her fingers tracing a strange, twisted pattern through the air.  “Thank you, Patrick, but I don’t think that will be necessary.”
"That's kind of what we're trying to figure out," Pepper said.  "In that Marcy Pearson, you remember Marcy, don't you?”
"You a good climber?" Peter asked, and DJ nodded.  Peter grinned, holding up the bushel basket.  "Wanna help me gather apples, then?  I could use some help."
She smiled.  “Do not confuse power with strength, little one.  You can be strong, and powerless, and you can be powerful, but lack any strength.”  She set down her cup, her fingers sliding across the surface.  DJ thought he saw the china buckle between her hands. “ It is not the force of your power that matters, it is not the size of it.  It is how use it.”  Her head tipped to the side.  “Do you understand?”
“Well, then, since that’s settled,” Steve said.  “Miss Potts, if you’ll let me know if you need me to do anything?”
Steve paused, confusion sweeping over him again, a little thicker this time. “Badminton,” he repeated.
"Shocking, but I used to be even shorter than I am now," Ed said, unperturbed.  His hands danced as he finished the drink, swift and assured, and he grinned at DJ as he slid it across the counter. "One fat free caramel vanilla latte for the terrifying redhead who lives upstairs."
Sam grinned at him.  “Unlike the rest of you moochers, I have a job,” he said, his voice full of laughter.  He grabbed a plate from the pile.  “And you’re lucky to get my company as often as you do.” He nodded at Steve.  “How’re you doing, Steve?”
Tony stretched his legs out in front of him.  “When she died, I used to come here and lie on that sofa and smell her perfume, until the scent faded.”  He took a deep breath.  “Then I didn’t come here again.”
“You're easily impressed,” Rogers said.  He met Tony's eyes, his gaze sharp.  “I have some questions.”
He reached out, pushing Steve's hair away from his forehead.  “Sam's coming,” he said, because that had to be a comfort.  “He'll be here soon.  Okay?”
“I mean, if it means I might get them again, I’m willing to live that lie,” Rhodey said.  He looked up at Steve, setting the rest of the croissant on a napkin.  “So.  What’s he done?”
DJ rolled over, bunching up the pillow under his head, trying to make it the right size, or the right density, or maybe just trying to make it a different pillow entirely.  A more familiar one.  A more comforting one.  But as soon as he let it go, it expanded back out, taking the only shape that it could.
"A lot of people shoot at me," Steve said, and he didn't seem bothered by that.  Tony was pretty sure he should be bothered by that.  "I know how to handle that?"
Tony nodded.  “So yes.  You can-” He pushed a hand through his hair.  “If you want to, I mean, you can pick one out for me, but I can't promise I'll always wear it.”
“I can’t stop you,” Steve said.  He turned on his heel, the stones of the drive grinding beneath his boots.
"You're not involved," Tony told her.  He spread his hands wide.  "You're not-  You're not involved, Jan."
“I've heard that about you,” Clint said.  The medic backed off, and he lowered his arm back with a wince, and a mumble of thanks.  “I can't help but think that your proportional response was a long time in coming.”  His head rocked to the side, eyes sharp.  “And so was your contact with SHIELD.  Almost like you were waiting for something.  Or someone.”  He smiled.  “But not us.”
She nodded.  “Okay, well, look, same-sex marriage hasn’t been legal for all that long, and the Little Love Chapel has a long history of doing commitment ceremonies back in the dark days, so-”  Her fingers tapped against the desktop, quick and sharp. “No reason we can’t do the ceremony.  It’s just not going to be, you know…”
Confused, DJ looked at Val, who was biting her lower lip to hide a smile.  “Because you're both boys,” she said, with her usual bluntness.  DJ liked Val and her bluntness.  He liked asking a question and getting a simple answer.
“Oh.”  Rhodey paused, the croissant halfway to his mouth.  His eyes were wide as he lowered it back to the napkin  “Oh.”
“Smart enough to use everything they got from me, yes.”  Tony bounced the wrench against his thigh.  “Fuck.  Pep, I need you to pull all the contracts, everything, we paid so much attention to the weaponry, we covered our asses so well with the weaponry, but there's so much that could come back to bite us.”
Jess looked down at the plate, and then back at Greer.  “I mean, it can’t hurt, can it?” she asked with a hopeful smile.  She gave the desserts a little wiggle.  “Chocolate makes everything better.”
There was a strange, sharp popping noise.  It was, in the split second that Harris had time to think, like the sound of an incredibly large piece of popcorn exploding into existence.  It was not like a gunshot, or a firework, or a tire blowing out.  It was something entirely different, and entirely unfamiliar.
“Huh.”  Bobbi ate another spoonful of preserves.  “Jarvis and Mrs. P are making up the room next to the nursery.”  She looked at Natasha.  “Jarvis says he's staying.”
“Yes, but your reputations are based on causing problems and giving me headaches,” Tony said, stabbing a pen in his direction.  “So.  Not much of a loss.”  He gave the cat a look. “Do you promise to be...”  He scowled at the cat.  “Minimally destructive?”
“At least I can figure out beer,” Steve said, waving the spoon through the air.  “Your wine collection confuses me.   Buy it.  Drink it.  Who makes a collection out of drink?”
“You lie,” DJ said, his eyes canting upwards towards the ceiling of the elevator.  He knew just where the camera was, and even if he couldn't see Jarvis, he felt better knowing that Jarvis could see him.  “All the time.”
Pepper stood. “I don't need to remind you about the importance of discretion in this case,” she said, with a sweet smile. “But I will anyway.” She leveled a look at the legal staff, all five of them. “The nine of us are the only ones who know this happened. If there's a leak, I'm firing everyone I can fire.”
