Additional notes/slight warnings at end
“I could smell someone in distress. I am sorry, I did not mean to surprise you,” the man says apologetically, like it was his fault he’d walked into Dean’s own personal pity party.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry if I gave you that impression, Dean,” Castiel replies.
Dean turns around to look at him again, and catches the soft smile that rests on Castiel’s face. Dean sighs again, this time with more longing than he would never admit to anyone unless under extreme torture, and stands up from his low seat with a grunt and his hand gently glances his lower stomach.
Little early, but I'm making up for last week's lateness (I also finished editing early and have a fast beta)
“You’ve been working a lot so the OT must be really profitable.”
Those may be true but still, “Claire relationships take more than two common traits.”
“Dean its fine. I promise, I'm not upset. A little keyed up maybe, but you can always make it up to me later.”
“How could you let this happen? Any of this! We gave you every opportunity we could and because some alpha teaching you caught your eye and you let him-”
See y'all next week :)
“I lied to you. Cas and I aren’t married, we were never married. And we're not going to be married because he's leaving to go back to his wife.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And that coaxes a bittersweet smile out of Dean. He can agree that it really is a shame Sam is still away at Stanford, but at the same time he's glad Sam doesn't have to be dragged into all of this.
Mary quickly takes a hold of things when it’s clear John is gearing up for a screaming match in public and ushers them all back to the cars, minus Sam and Charlie who are left behind to pack up whatever they need to take back and make excuses for them. As they head towards the cars Mary stops Dean with a gentle but firm hand to his shoulder and suggests he ride with Bobby instead, and Dean is grateful for her saying it and now him. Dean can see how hard she's trying to contain whatever emotion she's feeling, he’s never quite sure with her.
Dean places one hand against his stomach, more glad than ever that the small amount of swelling there is can only be noticed if you’re looking for it. He knows he won’t have a lot of time before that changes, but it’s enough.
The town pays for a supply that's enough of their wine for the duration of the festivities and it's this contract that sets them off well for the year. Of course, it can’t be from this year’s crop as it’s only just been gathered, so they take wine made from the previous year and everyone pretends like it’s from the most recent harvest for tradition or whatever, but they all know the whole town doesn't care because it gives them an excuse to get drunk. It means the main prep is loading up the Impala and the back of Bobby's truck with crates of bottles that should be enough for everyone, with some being driven into the town tonight and the rest being brought with them tomorrow. He puts himself in charge of making sure everything is secure and prepared for the next day and checking that all the wine is in good enough condition to be the main drink of the party.
"Yes sir.” The moniker slips out in Dean’s attempt to sooth the tension somewhat. He sidles quietly into the house followed by the rest of the party. Dean heads into the living room as it's their usual 'family discussion' room. As John enters behind him he issues the swift command of ‘sit down’ and Dean does as asked.
The drive is only around twenty minutes and they drive mostly in silence, but John puts on the radio and finds the classic rock station pretty quickly. It feels almost comfortable, it reminds Dean of when they used to do this trip when he was a kid and he takes comfort in the familiarity. They drop off the crates of wine in town and start the journey back, but Dean's surprised when a couple of minutes in, John cuts the radio. He doesn't talk immediately, but Dean knows he's going to say something and braces himself for it.
Castiel reaches the house after the whole area is in pitch darkness and manages to continue running without falling over and feels thankful for his military training for the first time since he made the decision to leave. He sees the lights of the house in the distance and follows it as beacon of warmth and hope, promising his lovely beautiful Dean, his omega in whatever capacity Dean will take him. He allows that fire of love and possessiveness to blaze unbidden and pushes onward harder and faster toward the lights of the house. He comes into sight of what he believes is the kitchen with the lights creating a glow through where the curtains haven’t been drawn and makes out the shape of a man slumped at the table. A moment later he recognises it as John Winchester and decides to walk though that door to enter the house. He knows the choice is one hundred percent Dean's and so doesn't want to make it about gaining his father's blessing, but before he goes to beg Dean for forgiveness, he feels the elder Winchester alpha is owed an apology from him as much, if now more.
Castiel didn’t realize he was staring until he felt Dean nudge him slightly. Dean caught his eye and swallowed nervously. “So? Wadda ya think?”
A cheer goes up when the Impala rolls into town, everyone recognizing the black beast of a car from a mile away and connecting it with their family. And their family's business. They're followed by Bobby’s truck, carrying the traditional barrels in the back of it that will be blessed by the local minister, Pastor Jim. Dean's huddled in the car with John, Mary, Henry, Sam, and Charlie, the first three squeezed into the front seat, the others in the back. They come in as a united group to the sound of celebration that's already been going on since the early morning. It's only lunchtime, but harvest festival day is the one day that the whole town day drinks and says it's okay, though they draw the line by starting it off at noon.
Dean wanders a little before he goes down to the kitchen, re-familiarizing himself with the house. He takes a peek in Sammy's room, even though he knows the kid's hundreds of miles away at Stanford. He lets his parents door remain closed as he passes.
“Wait!” she exclaims, pulling back and looking curiously up at him. “What are you doing here?”
Henry sighs. “John-”
After a few minutes it’s finally starting to feel like he’s going to get some peace when the bus pulls up alongside one of the more rural stops on the road and two guys get on. It’s an alpha and a beta, and the moment they get on Dean can tell he’s not likely to get in any of the peaceful reading he’d hoped for. Of course they make an immediate beeline for him, with one dropping into the seat next to him, and the other in the seat behind. Dean tenses and tries to focus on his book, drawing in on himself slightly, instinctively protecting his stomach. He could probably take these assholes if it was necessary, but he’s been making a bit of a habit of overestimating his ability to handle strenuous activities as of late and doesn’t really want to have to risk it.
“Thank you, old man,” and she plants a kiss on her husband’s rough cheek.
He bright eyes still crinkle at the corners when Ketch and Castiel reach them. He turns to Castiel and it’s like the whole world drops away.
She meets his eyes suspiciously in the mirror and his reflection betrays him. His blue eyes, wide and shimmering with emotion. Her expression softens, “You look very handsome Castiel.”
Dean struggles to take a gasping breath; the room spins a little till Carter’s face comes into focus in front of him. Strong fingers grip his wrist to take his pulse.
“Sammy, you can talk to me.” Please, please tell you’re not leaving me behind too.
Call and Answer, Bare Naked Ladies
Ugh, Dancing? He knew she was up to something! He coughs and grabs for his unsweetened iced tea.
She reaches it before he can even begin to unfurl his fingers, twisting it in the light, “Did you know that raven’s feathers are said to have magical properties?”
Apparently, he was...
“That’s not the point...” Dean struggles with the words as they continue to toss the ball back and forth.
“This is a charming house.” Castiel comments but Dean can only stare back at him. Cas’s eyes come back to Dean once more and he feels heat creep up the back of his neck. He wants to ask him to stay; the words were forming in his brain, they were rolling off his tongue, catching on his teeth. He only had to say them.
“That’s what Mr. Darcy said too, he said it was just my job to get better. And not to worry about the case.”
Castiel’s smile falters, “I guess I was a little forward.”
“I got it; would you mind throwing this away.” He hands her the hotdog from the car.
She's a brick and I'm drownin' slowly
“No, you didn’t, your brain must be fried from all that hot sex last night!” She giggles and pushes past him to the island, helping herself to an apple from the bowl on the countertop.
Dean finally stumbles into his room around 3:00 after getting Adam settled. Jesus what a horrible night.
Castiel accepts the beer and Dean lifts his in a toast.
Castiel palms his erection and moans heavily into the phone. He grips a hand around the base and tugs out a few long, torturous stokes.
There’s a host stand, which looks like a converted sideboard, with a young man standing behind it. He smiles politely as Castiel walks up.
“She’s the freaking CEO, isn’t she everybody’s boss?”
Cas spoons up against Dean and tucks his head onto his shoulder. Dean wraps an arm around him and pulls him closer. With Cas’s backside slotted against his, Dean is still achingly hard. But he’s doing his best to ignore it.
Dean can only stare, did Cas really say all of that?
Anywho... next week we get to the bottom of the girls fight. There will be tears, there will be swearing, and there will be copious amounts of coffee.
“My love for you has always been a part of our story, its infused in every word, tucked in the margins of every page.” He raises the hand up to his lips. He places a chaste kiss on the knuckle just below the slick black metal.
“Can you tell him something for me? Please.” Eyes pleading with Ketch to hear him out.
“Gabe... shit your last name’s Novak! Oh, and the pimpmobile," he smacks his forehead, "I didn’t even think about it! You’re related to that pintsized tornado?”
Leading her out into the yard, Dean mounts up and guides Baby towards the gate. Dawn was breaking up ahead, the sky already full of colors that rivaled the kaleidoscope he saw nightly behind his eyelids. If only he could bring the other visions he saw into this world, maybe then his heart wouldn’t ache for someone he only knew in his dreams.
“You have a possession you care deeply about. Something passed down from a relative. Something old but still working. It’s not practical but you love it. You’re protective of it. You cherish it.”
“It’ll be alright Dean, it’s just one dinner.”
“Now you boys have a safe trip!” Meg calls to Dean. “Remember, No hitchhikers!”
“Well good morning yourself. Didn’t think I’d see you this early.” She smirks and his ears burn hot. He jumps back sheepishly and goes to make a cup of coffee.
“My... my keys. My keys to the Impala.”
“What are the conditions?
“Not even for a minute.” Cas laughs. “But Dean, what is going to happen now? We live together. This is very abnormal.”
“Here, lemme take those.” He reaches out to relieve her of two of them. They make the trip back in companionable silence, which is good cause Dean’s not much for talking lately. He’s only coming to game night because Charlie basically threatened to call his mother about what had been going on. He needed to try harder, he needed to get back to normal. Whatever that was now that Cas was gone.
“Daddy, this is boring!!” Jack cries for the third time this hour, it grates on Castiel’s last nerve and he fights the urge to tug at his own already untidy hair.
“Then what are you talking about?”
“Hey, if you want to skip dinner, I’ll tell the kid. It’s no big deal.”
“So, about that drink?” Castiel inches closer across the bar, his hands a breath away from touching Dean’s.
And the time for apologies has passed.
“I um... I wanted to introduce my other brother.” Sam claps a hand on the youngest boy’s shoulders and she can see him visibly shrink in embarrassment.
Dean waivers for only a second, “I’m s-supposed to take everything you give me sir.”
Releasing the hold on his hair Dean straightens to give Castiel better access. Running his hands back around to the front, Castiel wastes no time getting Dean’s pants unbuckled and his fly undone. Shoving his hand down the front of Dean’s underwear his hand closes around his rock-hard erection, marveling in the soft heat wrapped around solid muscle. Dean groans into the hollow of his throat.
Claire grips his hand tighter. She wasn’t about to be left out of this conversation.
Castiel sits up, still cackling and wipes a tear from the corner of his eye, “Yes Dean, I am very much fucking kidding you. I saw you from across the street.”
The curiosity on Dean’s face morphs into delight and he visibly perks up in the seat across from Castiel.
Castiel’s face, which has been like an open book of emotions, slams shut with such resolve it has Dean flinching in surprise. Pulling his hand back rapidly he starts wrapping up his half-finished sub, looking everywhere but Dean’s face.
Letting Cas look him over, he makes himself as open and vulnerable as he can be. God this is going to hurt so much later. Dean knows what he looks like but can't help but wonder what Castiel sees, as he’s presumably looking at Dean for only the second time in his very short memory.
“Hey man, didn’t my friend vouch for me?” Adam resents being called a kid by a random stranger. He stands a little taller, and the other man shirks away.
He’s right behind him, coming apart in Castiel’s hand. His heart explodes in his chest, his eyes roll back, his love’s name screaming on his lips. White painting his stomach and chest in a hot rush.
“Too bad he lost your friendship.” Dean pauses and Castiel’s hand tightens around his own. “No chance of reconciliation I guess?”
The apartment door closes softly behind him.
“If I sabotage those relationships from the start how is that any different with Dean? Aren’t I already sabotaging whatever future I thought we could have together?”
“No Dean, it’s not happening.”
Dean taps the pen on his perfect bottom lip, “Well I know a place we can grab a drink. It’s not far.”
Castiel, already feeling his cock thicken underneath his towel, strides over and flips the lock on the metal door. The click echoes throughout the room.
“YouTube.”
“So, when I spoke to Sam on the phone, he told me all about your situation with The De Bourg firm. No need to catch me up there. What I want to talk about today is what I can do to help you with your problems.”
Snapping his fingers, he flashes a quick grin, “That reminds me,” he reaches down to the bag at his feet, “I brought you some stuff... from home.”
“Hello Dean.”
Castiel squints at him, titling his head to the side. He looks like he’s about to dispute that fact but instead he straightens up.
Ed and Harry bickering (per usual) about the placement of their holograms. Which looked freaking awesome.
Cas’s hands card through his hair, they run up and down his arms, they squeeze his waist. Every sensation loosens his tether on reality, Dean slips blissfully further away. He breaks the kiss first and lets out a little sigh. Resting their foreheads together.
Castiel tries to go after her, but she’s already gone. He sits down again staring at the half eaten meal between them.
“Sam, it’s not nothing.”
“What about that coder, did anything ever happen with him?” Claire asks.
“Dean,” Cas starts, “if you’re used to sharing your day with me or whatever it is that might be bothering you, you should still do that.”
“Or a classic car museum...” she says. Bobby perks up at this but Ellen’s already scrolling to the next thing.
I'm not set on a chapter count yet, but if you're playing our home game you know things are ramping up over the next few chapters! We may hit 18, but I wont update the chapter count till I have those drafted. Thank you all for continuing to read, leave comments, and kudos. Those notifications keep me motivated!
But just as he opens his mouth to offer up one of his best lines, Castiel turns to him.
He’s about to object to a less silly word when the doorbell rings; it looks like nougat will have to do.
Dean hands the slim folder over, holding Cas’s gaze the entire time, “All set.”
“Thank you, that would be helpful. I just need to talk with my other brother first.”
“I’m listening.”
“Right, God what was that like? Wait no, I don’t want to know. It will spoil my appetite.”
“I wasn’t implying you did.”
“Okay, good.” He lets out a long breath. They were getting nowhere with this conversation. The confidence he felt last night completely obliterated.
Going back to the original sitting room, he’s confident he’s alone and won't be disturbed.
“No, it’s not.” His voice is cold.
Cas takes bird like nibbles of his bagel, tearing off little pieces with his fingers beforehand, “So, where should I start?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
1 Fried egg sandwich with bacon and hot sauce
The answer hit him instantly, a Mac Truck of an idea plowing him off the road with an epic force.
“Yeah but not everyone works with her directly. Most people don’t even know her.”
“Here, this is for you.”
The band has resumed playing, something soft and slow. If she believed in fairytales or romance she would have thought it fate.
“You don’t seem fine...” She moves a little closer, but he holds up a hand to stop her. If she touched him, he just knew he’d break down. He'd end up telling her everything and he couldn’t let her in like that, it wasn’t her fight.
Cas pushes the other man’s pants down and smiles in admiration at the sight of Deans rock hard dick in front of him.
“Good,” Castiel says, still working the first finger in his hole. He adds a second, gasping a little at the burn, “and Dean, if you come before I do you won't be coming for another week.”
“Bunch of gypsy bullshit if you ask me.” Dean mumbles out the side his mouth to Stevie.
“Cas,” Sam prods gently, “it’s okay if you don’t want to talk about it. Just glad you made it out in time. Right Dean?”
He went into work early and got the subs set up with what they needed to work on for the day. Work was moving up to Four and he put Jo in charge of keeping them on schedule. Chuck hadn’t balked at Dean taking half a day, but he didn’t feel right leaving them high and dry without even a small semblance of a plan.
“I’m sure you will be. But try to have a little fun too. It is a party.” She tries for sincerity; sympathizing with the youngest sibling.
“Alright, it was better than nice. It was spectacular. A kiss that will go down in history.” Cas grins, running a thumb over Dean’s cheek.
“Ketch, come back.” He turns back to Cas, “look I’m sorry I didn’t tell you but when Gabriel got in touch with me I thought it would be a good way for you two to reunite. I thought I’d have the chance to tell you before he just showed up!” He shouts the last part as he runs after his partner.
Something much warmer than the heat of the room gathers low in his belly, a sensation he’s felt more and more while in Dean’s presence, in the months since he’d become human. And his heart, which had laid dormant for so long inside his vessel’s chest, pounds heavy and wet behind his ribs. Dean’s hand is still on his shirt, the other barely skims along the seam of his trousers heading in a direction Castiel would like to explore more thoroughly.
Taking a long sip of his milkshake, Dean grasps for any semblance of control he can muster, “Me? Yeah, I'm great. Just a long day.”
Yeah, he probably would, once Sam sunk his teeth into an idea it would be difficult to get him to forget about it. Maybe he’d be distracted enough with Eileen and their rekindled romance to leave Dean alone for a little while.
“I um... nothing. It’s nothing. How was school today?
“Mostly bullshit,” Cas smirks, looking up into Dean’s eyes fondly, “I honestly expected you to punch me in the face when you found out the truth.”
“Oh, blow me Cas!” He growls and flops around, embarrassed to be tricked so easily.
Dean lets out a ragged breath, of course Cas was only being vague because Jack was there. He wanted to talk this out with Dean. Whatever that man had said, it was bad enough to have Castiel going into protective dad mode. Buddy suit be damned, he was finding that guy and kicking his ass.
Agent Henriksen waits a beat to continue. “I’m sorry, I know this isn’t what you want to hear.”
“Dean you sit here, next to Castiel. I want to hear all about your vacation,” Claire taps the chair and walks around to the other side of the table. It looks like she’s got them all placed right where she wants them, “I just love Brighton. The shore is so fun and inviting.”
He remembers more and more now that he stopped pretending.
She does now though and it’s high, bright sound, it brings a smile to his lips.
Adam looks away, “Nothing, never mind.”
“No, Hell no. You have me, we’re family Cas. We’ve always been family. You’ve stuck with me through so much shit. You don’t even know... and I'm always going to be here for you. Capiche?”
Now, the anger he thought he had long put away renewed itself at the sight of those five pathetic words. Snatching up his phone he punches out a text to his wayward brother. Slamming it down just as the bathroom door opens, steam billowing out into the hall. Squeezing water out of her long blonde hair, his niece pads barefoot into the kitchen, his old navy robe pulled tight around her small frame.
Of course, he was going to keep an eye on him! That’s his job... Sammy was still paranoid about how Adam had acted the night of the party. When they finally had their sit down with him Adam just said when he saw someone set their drink down, he picked it up. Allegedly, a lot of people mistook him for a waiter.
“Sam and Eileen should be down any moment.” Castiel has been a step above polite indifference today and it’s kind of throwing Dean off. Last time they saw each other they were about to come to blows.
“Yes, and it’s been at least a dozen times. I just didn’t always specify it was the same person. It’s not just with me, she starts a lot of arguments among the students and teachers, I think it’s mostly to cause chaos but sometimes the things she says are kind of hurtful. I just didn’t want you to think I had a problem and try to solve it for me.”
“What do you want Becky?”
Dean laughs with his whole body, head tipped back, and his mouth open wide, it a gorgeous sight. Castiel sighs quietly, the hope of seeing Dean laugh like that again fluttering around his ribs.
There’s a bark of laughter from the end of the table and Bobby, who’s been virtually silent this entire time, turns the laugh into a cough.
Castiel walks up with a hand raised in a wave to Buddy. The devil extends an arm to shake his hand but pulls back at the last second when Castiel reaches out. There’s a cheer from the stands and Castiel quickly gets the gist of this “scene.”
Eleven years ago, he laid a hand on Dean Winchester in the depths of Hell. Fought through scores of demons to reach his broken body in the middle of the pit. And the moment he pulled that shining beacon of hope into himself, something in his soul cried out in recognition. In the years since there were times Castiel was unsure if he still had a soul; he’s been struck down and resurrected more times than he could count. And at some point, he reasoned, the Heavenly Host surely must have run out of patience for him and his unyielding quest for humanity. But now, in the parking lot of the Cleveland Public Library, Castiel swears that same sense of familiarity and rightness settles over his mortal soul once more.
He offers a little wave, “Hello.”
They’re eating lunch in his office; Eileen had called him up with a brilliant (i.e. terrible) idea and rushed over with food to hash out the whole thing.
“If, however, your feelings have changed,” Castiel exhales softly, a puff of warm breath on Dean’s skin, “I have something to say to you.”
He takes another calming breath and, on his cue, walks confidently down to the alter. Nodding and smiling to the handful of people he can pick out of the crowd. At first, he protested the idea of a big wedding, he would have been just as fine to go to city hall and sign in front of a judge. But just about everyone overruled his vote. Never one to want for the spotlight, he couldn’t help feeling a little silly up here in front of everyone.
“Please? I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important.” He puts a little sweetness in his voice, hopefully she takes the bait.
Dean gasps for air, huge gulps of it, barely filling his lungs.
Dean jumps and tilts his head up to make eye contact, Cas is staring down at him, his expression soft but guarded.
He's barely down the block before his phone pings with a text.
“Nice to have them all close.”
Dean does open his eyes at the admission and sits upright.
“I messed up, Dad I messed up really bad.”
Breathing heavy he sits down on the shower floor. The power of the orgasm, coupled with his hangover has weakened him. He struggles to stand but makes it. One last rinse and he shuts of the water.
Thank you to I_Am_Destiels_Biggest_Fan_Lucifer for beta reading some of this chapter for me and making me notice how awful I am at using commas properly.
"Yeah," Dean sighs. He braces himself for the ensuing argument and opens the cab door and walks to his execution.
Dean isn’t sure whether that is a legitimate question that needs an answer or not, so he chooses to stay quiet instead. Also because he’s not sure what his answer would be.
He pauses a second again and Dean's beginning to find his father's attempts at having a heart to heart painful. After another beat, he continues.
Castiel shuffles slightly but holds Dean’s questioning stare. “What if you had someone with you to be your husband when you went home? You wouldn’t be unmarried then.”
This chapter turned out waaaaaay longer than I thought it was and I'm honestly so pleased. Thank you to everyone who's kudos'ed, commented, and subscribed! This is probably the the best first response I've had to one of my fics ever and it's made me so happy! Please continue in this manner forever.
Thank you to the people who have commented on this over the last few months asking me to update, they were appreciated and it is because of those that I am here to give you the last two chapters in quick succession. As long as someone is still enjoying this and wants to see the conclusion, I will come back to give you your ending and I'm sorry it took this long. <3
“Whoa, where’d you get those?” Dean questions suddenly.
Cas pov time. The explanations are finally here
“Charlie told me some stuff. About Castiel and all this. Stuff she said you’d missed out of what you told dad.”
Dean looks down at the tearstained note in his hand. “Not unless you can either convince my-,” Dean swallows, “my ex to take some fucking responsibility for our kid, or persuade my dad that an illegitimate child is a good thing.” He doesn’t look up as he waits to hear the alpha’s reaction that could be anywhere from pity to disgust.
“Cas, c’mon man. I know you can look after yourself, I’m not worried about that.”
John’s still smiling, albeit slightly less cheerfully in the face of Dean's seriousness. Dean tries his best to remember that look before it's replaced by the anger he knows he deserves. He catches Charlie’s eye a moment and sees anxiety there and he knows she's caught on to what he's doing.
“Of course I do, Dean, you just never mentioned you'd met anyone.” Mary's tone is still obviously wary, but she’s clearly at least beginning to believe the tale.
“Mom!” Dean and Sam both yell, but as they lurch forward to go back through the door John manages to gather enough strength to drag himself to his feet and call’s Mary’s name and suddenly they are focused on stopping their still drunk father going back in and getting himself killed.
“Dad,” he says when he gets close enough, catching the elder alpha’s attention, “I’ve got something to tell you.”
And I have nothing to say for myself
is so horrible to you.” Dean knows his expression has slipped into a matching glare to his father’s, but has by this point stopped caring as he stands up from the table with a muttered “Excuse me”, and a last angry look cast toward John that is returned immediately.
As he moves closer to the kitchen the volume of the voices has lowered again, but as he gets to the hallway leading to it he sees there is light coming from there so someone is definitely awake, and it’s probably John.
“Great. See you at dinner.”
Thank you so much for the brilliant response from everyone for the last chapter, happily surprised by how many people came back to this after such a hiatus <3
“Dad-”
All hell breaks loose after that.
Dean’s smile became softer again and he reached down to clasp Castiel’s hand in his and brought it up to his lips.“Anytime.”
“Castiel, you look quite handsome yourself. I think I’m beginning to see why my son decided to marry you.”
Dean looked to be still working on the sculpture he’d seen the last couple times they’d been in the studio at the same time, and he took a moment to admire the clear progress Dean had made on his piece - as well as the beauty of the other man’s muscles as he worked.
Dean takes the bit he's been offered and decides he better start running with it.
“It's a very, very old
“I'm sorry, Dean.”
"Your grandpa told me how much he was trying to make something up to you. Didn't say what," he adds quickly when Dean looks startled. "I just wanted to say...maybe he's not...so terrible. You know, if he's willing to make such a fool of himself for you. So, y'know, let him know I won't get my shotgun out or anything next time he shows his face around here."
what that’s supposed to mean. I mean you married a man with practically nothing to his name, what kind of a choice is that for a marriage?”
“Sure looks like it is,” Dean scoffs.
“Would I be wrong to assume that this piece has a connection of some sort-”
It was only now that Castiel became aware of the fact that the sounds from Dean’s area had ceased and that the other man was leaning back against a crate on the floor a little way off with a bottle of beer observing him.
Dean swallows and looks to his mother for guidance. Her expression has calmed down and she looks less murderous when she gives him an encouraging nod. Before he can introduce Castiel, his father’s voice cuts in first.
Hope everyone's staying as safe as they can, you're all fantastic and thank you for reading
Sam shrugs, and if he’s surprised at the subject change he doesn’t show it. “Not a lot happened after you left, we were mostly just trying to figure out what we needed to take and what could be left until tomorrow. The mayor was sad we were leaving early. At least I think he was, he’d had a fair bit of the wine by that point.” Dean hears his smile in the words and chuckles despite himself. They then lapse back into silence.
“This, Dad, is Dean’s husband.” The word husband is growled viciously enough that it makes Dean flinch. “And I would appreciate it if, as the head of the family, you would back me up on how ridiculous this situation is.”
Dean’s smile in response was almost tender. “It just came to me. Kinda part of what inspired it so...I thought it worked.”
Castiel frowns and his eyes narrow with it. “Then what are you worried about, Dean?”
“Well this is nice,” Henry says, smiling, “it’s been so long since we’ve had a proper family dinner. It's only a shame Sam isn't here too.”
Dean shrugged and stood, putting his beer on the crate. He was clearly trying to brush it off as unimportant, but there was a clear tension in his shoulders as he moved to unveil his piece.
The smile drops from John's face and he seems to be waiting for Dean to suddenly shout 'just kidding!'. He stays staring at Dean a moment, then glances over Dean's shoulder to where Dean knows Castiel is. Then he just utters one single word as the laughter and cheers from their family around them grind to a halt, the tension filtering out and forming a bubble of crackling air around them.
“You know that your father and I love you, don’t you Dean?”
He’d obviously told Michael, stupidly assuming it was something they were going to handle together, probably getting married a bit more quickly after he graduated was all the change to his plans Dean had expected. It turned out he was wrong. He woke up the morning after telling him to a note on the bedside table saying that Michael didn’t want to be tied down to anything, the pup and Dean included, and every attempt at calling the man’s phone said it had been disconnected. At least most of his classes had finished by then, Michael’s included.
“Oh fuck.”
“Cas, man, I’m pretty sure the only way you could do more is if you really did marry me.” Dean laughs but that longing is settling more firmly in his gut by the second, and he knows now it probably isn’t going to be leaving with the alpha in front of him when tomorrow comes around. For now, he pushes it down and pats Castiel on the shoulder as he passes and savours the brief contact. “C’mon, let’s get back before they send out a search party.”
Thanks to fangirlingtodeath513 for the beta, sorry this was such a chaos of missing words before I think I fully mentally skip connecting words when I'm the writing flow.
“Good afternoon, Dean,” Castiel walked over to the work space next to Dean’s and placed down his supplies, “How is progress on your ‘masterpiece’?” He raised his hands to use air quotes.
Well you wouldn’t be the first.
He could see Charlie set up near the open window, spraying her broken car engine purple, and Kevin’s battered sneakers sticking out from under one of the tables accompanied by the sound of soft snores. Castiel nodded to Charlie and merely smiled and shook his head as he quietly passed Kevin’s sleeping form on his way further into the room towards the source of the clanging where he could see Dean’s familiar frame.
I'm not as present in the spn fandom as I used to be, but I am glad that I have this as a symbol of when I was and that I still have enthusiasm for it now to finally finish this.
That seems to make the man stumble slightly. “It -it isn’t anything to me, but I think you should respect his wishes.”
Castiel doesn’t meet his eyes as he replies. “I bought them at the station.” Dean’s certain that box is far too nice to be from the fucking gift shop so Dean’s pretty sure that’s an out and out lie, but he doesn’t call him on it.
“That’s not all ‘bout you boy,” Bobby says, interrupting his spiraling thoughts of fear and stress as he jerks his head in John’s direction.
With that Dean closes the door and rests his forehead against it.
Before Dean can say anything else a shout comes from in the house.
Castiel smiles and nods, so Dean takes his hand - purely for show, and not at all because he’s nervous as fuck - and takes the steps along the hallway.
“I was just asking you how you and had Castiel met?”
“Dean! Oh my crap! Hi!” He hides his grin in her hair and gives her small body a tight squeeze in return. He breathes in her calming beta scent with a kiss to her hair. “Hey Charles.”
“I’m sorry, Castiel. Hey, at least your job’ll be over in another eight hours, then you can leave and forget any of this ever happened.”
"I heard a bit of his performance last night. Not a bad singer." Dean glances sharply at his dad but John seems sincere in his appraisal, so Dean chimes in.
Dean looked up at him. “Yeah Cas?”
It's been a rough year but I am super happy that finishing this has come out of it, and for the comment I got yesterday asking for an update which reminded me that I finished my last stressy deadline last week and therefore had a clear head and time to write for the first time in months.
Thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed. Sorry about being mean to Dean, I could blame it on the fact I'm following the plot of the movie, but this last scene was actually very fun to write. Drop me a comment telling me what you thought of it if you have a min pls, or come say hi on tumblr, still madcatm there too (given up on links these days, never figured them out, technology is beyond me)
Mary sighs and reaches out to touch his hand. “I am so sorry about the way your father reacted. You must know I am. But it’s just because he’s worried.” Dean scoffs. “Dean,” Mary scolds, “You must realize how much of a shock it was for us all.”
Dean wakes Bobby and Charlie and calls the fire department in quick succession and they swiftly try to wake enough on site workers to start an operation to stop the fire reaching the brewery or vineyard.
"Think if we just stay in here they can have the argument and I can just come out after?"
Castiel raised an eyebrow and focused back on setting up. “And I suppose your way would include sleeping with a minor percentage of the student population combined with spending your evenings at the campus bar?” He glanced over at Dean who was looking away with an indignant pout. Even as he moved back to finish his organizing he heard Dean muttering something about ‘judgy nerds’.
Castiel still looks like someone shot his puppy, but there's something like pride there as well. Dean is not ready to deal with that right now, so he just steps back and gives him a light shove.
“Charlie?”Dean asks as he slowly stands from his chair.
"I will be taking my payment forthwith," Charlie says smugly.
The alpha from the train is apparently trying to catch up to them, or possibly overtake with the speed he’s going at, but the driver slows to a stop and he jumps on easily. Dean immediately tries to sink lower in his seat, hoping to not be recognised as the stupidly gorgeous man walks up the middle of the bus. He thinks he catches those blue eyes stop on him briefly, with a hint of what is probably surprise in them, but when Dean turns to solidly face the front of the bus again he settles into the two empty seats across from Dean. With all notions of sleep now erased from his mind, he pulls one of his battered books from his bag and tries to relax against his seat, leaning slightly into the cool window next to him to keep any nausea at bay.
“Or any times,” Dean adds petulantly, which makes Mary cuff him lightly on the back of the head. Then she steps back and looks down at him, taking his face in her hands to make him look back at her. “Is this really what you want sweetie? Is he what you want?” Dean knows without saying who she’s talking about. He swallows around the lump in his throat at the understanding in her expression and responds quickly. “Yeah. Yeah, he really is.” And he can’t help feeling somehow both thankful and angry that he isn’t completely lying to his mother.
She smiles, wide and happy and Dean takes joy in seeing his adopted little sister happy.
"Don't think there's much chanca' that happening, Dean."
Charlie still looks confused and he can see the hurt leaking into her eyes. “Yeah, but I at least use email. And text. And - Dean c’mon!” she whines.
“Dean, please don’t apologise, it was my fault.”
“And what’s that supposed to mean?”
Dean isn’t sure when he falls asleep, but the next thing he knows he’s waking up. Out of the window he can see that the train only has a couple more stops before it reaches his station. That realization brings fresh fear of what’s going to happen once he gets there. He hadn’t told anyone he was coming back, so he knows John won’t be waiting to give him a ride home and at least that means he’ll get a bit of extra time to plan. He usually hates how far away from everything their house is, but for once it’s a relief.
Dean’s not sure how long he sits there on the side of the road. He’s not really sure what he’s waiting for, he stopped trying to plan what he’s going to say after the fourth time his imagination showed him getting kicked out and disowned and he is just starting to feel hopeless. He’ll probably wing it anyway, it’s not like there’s going to be a good way to say what he has to say.
A couple of minutes later, it’s Castiel who breaks the silence. “When I was a child I used to pray for what you have in there.”
"Where's mom?"
Henry frowns at his son and looks back and forth between him and Dean, then looks around John at Castiel. He steps around Dean, walks until he’s moving around John too, and faces Castiel. Henry appears to study Castiel for a moment, meeting the other man’s eyes with his piercing stare.
They still had a few weeks before the group sense of panic set in, so the studio was still quiet. Most of those on their course, if they decided to be creative, did so at generally odd times meaning that it wasn’t often crowded in their little workroom. Castiel continued setting up his paints to get to work on his own current piece. He was using one of the larger canvas available to him, hence his need for a larger amount of paint, and had a vague blueprint in his mind for his picture. Often though, his ideas morphed somewhat when he applied them to canvas, so only time would tell as to what would happen.
Despite the situation, Dean finds himself smiling and allowing a small chuckle at his grandfather’s familiar behaviour. He steps forward to give the older man a hug, grateful for the reprieve.
“May?” Mary asks.
Dean thinks for a second before he looks down and away, “Cas, I’m flattered but-”
Henry's voice is next to break through the tense lull over the room. “Well, it seems we at least have some cause for celebration,” he turns to Castiel again, “I’m sorry, I don't think we had the opportunity to be properly introduced,” he says, clearly choosing to ignore his son’s attempts at introductions.
Come say hi on
As much as he hates that he has to admit Charlie was right, he’s too happy seeing the alpha to care for the moment. Even after everything, his heart leaps at the sight of him.
Thanks so much to fangirlingtodeath513 for beta reading this  too, commas and trying to put in extra words remains my downfall
“I have time,” Castiel smiles and sets down the bag in his hand and puts the duffel on top of it.
Mary stands up and moves around her side of the table to Dean and pulls him into a hug with his face against her abdomen like he really was a kid again. She gently runs her fingers through his hair as she speaks. “We just want you to be happy sweetheart. Your dad just doesn’t have the best ways of expressing that sometimes.”
“So, uh, you’re actually going to have a baby?” The awkward excitement in Sam’s voice as he tests out Dean’s feeling on this subject while trying to hide his own is so innocent that Dean feels something in him release and he tips his head back with an almost normal sounding laugh. He finally turns and smiles at his baby brother, appreciating that in everything, Sam’s almost always on his side.
“I need to tell him." Dean says it with resolve. He can't be bothered to freak out anymore, he knows this is what he needs to do.
"Before the festival?" John asks, glancing sideways at him for a second.
Mary chuckles. “Well, it was definitely that.”
He realized then that Dean’s sculpture wasn’t where it’d been before. “What about you? Did you complete your masterpiece?”
:) <3
Dean is thoroughly aware of how disastrous this has the possibility to go and is praying for some kind of miracle that John will be to tired from pacing the vineyard to attend.
“No, no I get it, Bobby. This is gonna get so much worse if it gets farther than the house, we need to focus on minimising damage.”
All mistakes are my own on this one
Castiel and Dean work to drag John outside and as much as Dean just wants to clutch the-
“Kind of a long story, dude,” Dean sighs.
“Mr. Winchester, I am sorry that this is the way we have been introduced, but please don't blame this on Dean.” He sees Cas step forward and come into his peripheral vision, but doesn't dare look away from watching his John’s reaction. “It was my idea to wed when we did, and I apologise that you weren't informed. But even so, Dean is old enough to make his own choices. And I would ask you to respect that.”
He’s still figuring out how he could spin this if he has been heard by anyone when he feels a hand rest on his shoulder and he looks up to meet a cool blue stare. Suddenly, he’s finding himself pulled into strong arms and he’s pressing his face into the side of Castiel’s neck to inhale the wonderful scent with a calming undertone the alpha’s clearly trying to put into it.
Dean can’t help but smile, but he doesn’t look up yet, choosing to turn back to the window instead. Sam walks over and claps Dean on the shoulder and gives it a squeeze before forgoing any formality and wrapping Dean in a hug. He clings back to his baby brother, who is now bigger than him, but at that moment Dean appreciates his brother's height as he feels surrounded and protected by it. He hadn’t realised how fragile he was feeling after this evening. He can at least blame the hormones if he lets out a little sniffle, but Sam doesn’t call him on it.
“Thanks for using me as a human shield,” she whispers quietly to Dean as she passes.
“Is there anything I can help with?”
Castiel finds himself standing to attention automatically and bows his head to the alpha as a show of respect.
Dean grinned and clapped a hand on Castiel’s shoulder as he stood back up. “That’s your way, Cas. My way’s more fun.”
“Thank you, Castiel. It’s nice to meet you too. And call me Henry, please.”
The door opens with a creak, unlocked, but John’s head doesn’t rise to look at him. He drops his duffle and stands facing the older man, waiting for the other to show some sign of acknowledgement, but as he eyes the bottle of whisky intermixed with a couple of bottle’s of the vineyard’s own wine he wonders how likely that will be.
“Like what?” Dean asks tentatively.
I hope you are all well and staying safe with everything going on in the world, and I congratulate everyone reading who is doing their bit for the Black Lives Matter movement, you're awesome.
Please drop a comment and tell me what you thought, I enjoyed bringing Charlie into more focus on this one, but sorry for all the Dean angst too
, Dean thinks.
“Yeah, only a couple months at the moment,” Dean says quietly. He doesn’t really know why he’s telling him, but if he’s honest with himself it’s nice to be able to talk to someone about it.
Charlie has to hit him again to get him to stop staring at Cas like he's the missing eighth wonder of the world.
When he gets to the kitchen, Mary’s already at work, and immediately sets on him when he walks through the door, pushing him towards the kitchen table where a small pile of vegetables and a peeler await. The both work quietly for a few minutes until she decides to break the silence, deeming the time long enough for him to not try and leave if she starts talking.
He doesn’t realize his legs are wobbling until he has to drop down onto his case to not fall over.
“John Winchester, shut up. Now.” Mary says firmly, stepping between her husband and son, not hesitating to hold the angry alpha’s stare. “Before you talk yourself into a night sleeping on the couch.”
"I didn’t expect to see you here.”
"I haven't seen Castiel around much today." John says it as a statement, but Dean knows there's some questioning behind it in that weird 'dad' way.
“Oh, hey, wait. I almost forgot - Charlie, an old friend of the family, is gonna be there tonight too,” Dean says as quietly as he can with only being a few meters from the main rooms. “She’s living here, so you’re going to see her around. She’s basically family anyway, but should be way easier to deal with than everyone else you’ve met so far.”
John grins, looking like he has had at least a couple drinks, at least enough to take the edge off his usual grouchiness. He pats Castiel on the shoulder but shows him no more affection than that, then he turns to Dean. "Now, Dean, your mother and I were talking and seeing as you guys had such a simple set up for your marriage and none of us got to be here, why don’t we have a do-over tonight? Everyone’s here, Pastor Jim can officiate, we can give you two the wedding you deserve.”
They’re both quiet for a moment, Dean staring at the floor and Sam staring at him.
“Yeah, okay. Sure.” He pauses to close his eyes and take a steadying breath in. He opens them, smiles at the cautious expression on the other man’s face and nods to himself, “Let’s do this.”
“She’s still in there?” Sam nods.
Only a little late heh
“But I was gonna be your best woman.” Charlie's face falls into a pout.
“I’ll talk to him.”
“Sure mom. See you later.”
“Cas was in the military, right Cas?” Dean says, “Got discharged earlier this year.”
Castiel smiles crookedly. “If you wish to think of it that way, yes.”
"And I'm pregnant."
Stay safe everyone, and drop by in the comments to say hi, I love hearing what people thought of this (good or bad) :)
“What’d I say about interrupting?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s eyes darted up to catch Dean’s own staring back.
Oh come on.
“What the fuck do you want?”
The sounds of clanging metal and spray paint greeted Castiel as he entered the studio while balancing his messenger bag on one arm and several cans of paint on the other. There weren’t many others occupying the space at this time of day, but it wasn’t like most art students had any kind of set schedule.
“It wasn’t like that,” Dean snaps back.
He hears pieces of the argument as voices are raised and Dean is reminded of the similar disputes between his parents when he was a kid, him hiding out in the same spot. The discussions go on, voices rising and falling at different points until he doesn’t know how much time has passed. Then suddenly something interrupts his thinking with a knock at the door, and before he can decide whether or not to answer Sam’s head pokes around the door.
I'm back!
“And the other father is…?”
“Doesn’t mean it ain’t good.”
I hope everyone stays safe as they can and looks after themselves, you're all awesome for reading my humble little fic, and massive congratulations if you made it this far! I have so much love for you all and I wish you all an excellent 2021!!
Dean also briefly considers whether to give up his baby for adoption and is a bit self-loathing for a hot minute in a very canon Dean way
“Okay sweetheart, that’s fine. I was just asking.” Dean smiles back, even though he can see John looking impossibly more disapproving, and what is probably also suspicious. Mary is either oblivious of him, or purposely choosing to ignore her husband.
Something crosses Castiel’s face, but it’s soon gone and his gentle smile returns. “Not currently. And I don’t like to leave someone in need of help.”
“I’m so sorry, Dean. You did not deserve to be treated in such a way.”
"I'm just saying, you deserve some of this, but don't let him dole out more than you deserve just cos he's having trouble dealing. And remember you got me and your mom for backup, no matter what. And Sam too ‘course, " he adds when Dean goes to remind him, "but I'm pretty sure if your brother gets involved he ain't gonna help the situation much, so at the minute it’s just as well he stayed back."
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s so great to meet you,” Charlie says when she pulls back, “when Dean told me I don’t think I really believed him, but oh wow, I can see it now.” Charlie looks like she wants to say more, but notices the slight glare from John, albeit more directed at Cas than her, but she still decides to save her own interrogation for later and steps away to go to her seat next to Dean.
“No,” Dean chuckled, cutting him off, “you would be assuming correctly.”
Dean watches as Castiel slips off a small, gold painted band from around one of the chocolates and holds it out to Dean. “May I?” he says, with a nod to Dean’s left hand.
If there's any errors in these 2 they are all my own and please feel free to point them out as I edited kinda quickly.
“‘An Ocean in Blue Eyes.’”
"He's angry about what's happened.” He pauses and looks at Dean kindly and Dean gives him a watery smile. Then the old man sighs. “Still though, you have been one damn idjit about all this too boy."
“It was kind of a sudden thing, Charles. Spur of the moment and all that.” He spares a moment to realize he possibly feels worse lying to his best friend than he did to his mother.
“How dare you,” then, louder, “How dare you! How dare you come back after what you did!” The anger which flashes across the man’s face almost has Castiel stepping back. “You lied to me in my own home! You dared act as though you were married to my son, as though you were a part of this family! I should just-” he goes to stand but misjudges is footing knocks into the table, rattling the bottles. He leans on the edge to support his weight, the affects of the alcohol more obvious now. “Get out,” he says, low and dangerous. “Get out and don’t you dare come back.”
“I’m well, I was just calling about tonight.”
Castiel pulls the pizza boxes from the oven as they crowd around the small table, already set with flatware and glasses for the meal.
“Should we start heading outside?” Claire inquires to the group.
“You should join us Dean!” Anna says. And it’s Castiel’s turn to glare at her.
Cas pulls him forward abruptly and plants a rough kiss on his lips, Dean’s eyes slip close, tears running freely down his face. The salt of them mixes with the sweetness of Cas’s lips. There’s a loud clearing of a throat to his right and his eyes flutter open to the grimace on Cain’s face.
“I’m calm, I’m fine; totally fine.” Dean stammers.
His phone rings, jolting him back to reality. God wouldn’t have it been great if this was a dream? He checks his display, it’s the garage and he’s 30 minutes late.
It’s the alarm... God it can't already be 7:00 can it? He groans and looks over at the clock. “Fuck me...” he groans again and slams a fist down on the clock. Struggling to sit up right, Dean’s stomach fights again the swift change in altitude.
“You look fine!” Sam calls, from the bathroom.
He eyes her suspiciously, her sudden keen interest had his back up, “I was told he bought something, and I'm not sure if he did it for me or not.” It was a vague as he can be without barfing out the whole eight months' worth of drama on her.
“Running, which I freaking hate so don't ask me to join. Um, what else? Gardening, we have a small kitchen garden, but you’ve been petitioning our landlord to convert an empty field into a community garden. We play a lot of board games, you're super competitive.” A smirk plays on Dean’s lips, feeling natural there as the day he was born.
“Cas, what are we doing?” Dean whispers uncertainly.
“Please!? My investors need some kind of incentive. A party right before the launch will only reaffirm their interests.”
“Right yes, enjoy.” She blushes three shades of red and scurries away from the table. If she had a tail, it would be between her legs.
He nods and Dean pulls him quickly forward. Capturing his mouth in a crushing kiss.
“Yes,” Castiel smiles, “I suppose we are. Although you could say the association has been more... one sided till recently.”
Dean can feel heat start to bubble in his gut. Thank God he didn’t have any neighbors! They’d be calling the cops by now, or live streaming the whole thing.
Obviously, Dean’s ad has left out a key detail, he has no idea who to look for and short of shouting out his name, there’s no indication any of these men might be the Dean in question. The man with the book and the frothy green drink looks up to find him staring, his eyes light with pleasure and Castiel takes a confident step forward. But as just as he’s about to say hello, his shoulder is bumped by a young woman. Brushing past without an apology, the woman wraps her tiny frame around the book man as they share a very passionate greeting.
“Ugh, what’s going on?” He looks around the room. Ketch is leaning against the doorframe.
He’s backed her up against the car door now, feeling dangerously close to acting on his threat.
Dean huffs out a breath, “He offered me the job outright, as soon as graduation was over I could have it. The following week was the first time Dad got admitted to the hospital. I stalled Benny as long as I could, and he understood. But eventually I had to turn him down. Dad was getting sicker, but it wasn’t because of that. I was afraid, I didn’t think I'd be good enough. And the fear of failing kept me from ever taking the chance. I used Dad’s illness as a reason to quit.”
Dean shakes his hand, his palm is cool and it envelopes Dean almost to his forearm. He feels a ghost of a touch run along the underside of his wrist and if a shiver runs down his spine well it was probably just because of nerves.
He coats his fingers and eases Cas over on to his hands and knees. He runs his hand over Cas’s smooth ass and seriously debates giving it a taste, but he decides against it. Right now is about Cas’s pleasure, not just his own. Plus there was always next time.
“School finished. So I thought I’d come help with the harvest like old times. What about you? Aren’t you supposed to be at college too?”
He felt his lips pull up in a little self conscious smile as he turned back to look at the canvas. “It’s not finished yet.” Dean shrugged.
“With or without the fake alpha?” John says sharply, finding his voice again.
When they get to the house, the doors are already open and Dean can hear his father shouting from inside. He braces himself and, quietly as he can, steps over the threshold with Castiel at his heels. They drop Dean’s suitcase to the side of the hallway. Bobby had been only a little in front of them, but by now has disappeared into the room where the sounds of conversation are coming from. He can hear his father above all else, almost loud enough to hear what he’s saying from several rooms away as they are, but underneath that he can hear the quieter murmur of Mary’s voice along smelling with her gentle omega scent that still permeates the house. The combination gives him confidence to continue to the end of the hall and step into the doorway of the room the voices are coming from.
?-alpha and never let go they have an emergency.
"Hello Dean," Castiel says with a smile as he approaches.
He didn’t have any other choice really except going back home. It was either that or struggle through a pregnancy and being an unmated omega parent in the city while trying to get work.
“What?” John says, quiet and fierce, and just like Dean had expected.
Both Castiel and Dean are quiet as they make their way upstairs, but soon as Dean is sure they're out of earshot he speaks without turning to face the other man.
Dean looks down from the sky, but doesn’t turn back just yet, choosing to look down at the rippling waters of the fountain when he speaks. “I’m sorry.”
Mary smiles at him, clearly trying to calm the tension in the room, most of which is probably coming from Dean, and reaches across the table to gently pat his hand.
“Yeah, yeah I am.” Sam grins back and then Dean’s smile turns more mischievous. “In a few months you’re gonna be ‘Uncle Sammy’.” Sam makes a face at that and despite everything in the situation, Dean can’t help but let out a loud genuine laugh.
Dean wordlessly holds out the note as he angrily swipes at the fresh tears that he hadn’t noticed had started falling. Looking up at the man now as he reads the letter he’s even better looking in the afternoon sunlight. The small tree near them is making the light fracture through the leaves and of course he’s standing right under where the light is hitting, making him look like some sort of beautiful model for nature in a rumpled suit and coat. It at least distracts him from everything else for a moment.
“Hey!” Both Dean and the two guys look up, and of course it’s Mr. gorgeous across the aisle. “I believe he said he wasn’t interested.”
(See the end of the chapter for
This one was fun as when I went back to it I realized there were a few parts I'd left as just a base outline from last time I'd looked at it so I it was nice to do some fresh writing. Also fun because I'm mean and like making Dean suffer (angst with a happy ending tag is still there y'all, don't worry).
Epilogue
Oh wow I actually finished my huge multichapter fic.
Castiel looks as surprised as Dean feels, and had obviously also been preparing for the worst, but still cautiously raises his hand to return the gesture. Henry is apparently finding nearly giving Dean a heart attack amusing, because he smiles at Castiel and a moment later drops the hand he’s holding.
Dean wakes up in the morning in much the same position he was last night, curled into a ball on top of the covers. The post-harvest party normally goes on late into the night and most people are either hung over or preparing to continue the harvest the next day, which explains why no one would have noticed his absence yet today and come to check on him. It takes him a while to stir and compose himself enough to get downstairs and not look like he's had his heart broken. As he goes, he tries so hard to reason with himself that Castiel is married, that of course he doesn't want some random pregnant omega he's just met over his wife. That he should be grateful Castiel ended what they were doing before they went too far and Dean truly became 'the other omega' to Castiel's marriage.
Castiel turns to the receptionist, “Joanna, Mr. Bennet is with us. You can buzz us through.”
Dean stares thoughtfully at the field for a moment. Watching Sam assess the pitch as it being thrown, longing glimmers over his face for the briefest of moments and then it's gone. Sam swings and his bat connects with the ball. It's a high one, all the way to the wall of center field. Two runners advance to home before the ball is caught. Sam takes the sacrifice fly but their now up by one, Dean leaps to his feet again and crows.
Dean’s eyes prickle as he pulls his youngest brother into a crushing hug. He’s been sober 18 months, its honestly blown Dean away how well he’s been doing. One small relapse, just after he got to the group home; but his sponsor, a stoic man named Gadreel, helped get him back on track. He had since moved out of the group home back into the house on Winchester street. Except now he was living with two other young men from his program. Finished his GED and got a job as a mail clerk at Netherfield. He really managed to pull his life together. Dean had never felt prouder of him than he did the day Adam got his one-year chip and called him first to share the good news.
“Hi Dean! We’re having waffles!”
They pull up to an old brick house and step out at the curb. Dean opens the heavy iron gate and allows Cas to walk ahead of him. In the mid-August heat the grass is a lush green and the flowers are in bloom. There’s a courtyard with benches and a pond, and a willow tree shading the far side.
Cas’s expression is a mix of shock and delight. He leans back and grabs the pillow off the floor. Slowly raising it up as if to ask Dean, are we really doing this?
“I um... have to make a call. Can you watch the counter sweetheart?” He starts side stepping to the back room, “Kevin should be here any minute.”
“Alright, well that was awful. Let’s never do it again.” Buddy calls and Castiel feels a smile tugging at his lips. Maybe Buddy wasn’t so bad after all.
One temper tantrum, subsequent time-out, and bribe to replay the end fight scene from Infinity War later, Jack was begrudgingly putting all the toys back in his room. At a painstakingly slow pace.
He might as well do it since they’re alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I like him too Jack, very much.” he swallows the lump in his throat, “why don’t you start setting the table.”
Adam pats his pocket, nodding firmly, “Right here Dean. Don’t worry, I won’t screw this up.”
“They told me she hadn't been returning their calls, and when she did, she had little to no information. I thought it was just clients being picky. All her reports to me were on time, and they all lined up.”
“Cheers.” She states simply and they tap their plastic cups together.
Tomorrow they hit the road, Cas learned that Dean has never seen the ocean and they are driving Baby all the way to California. 2 weeks with no interruptions, a stack of books, and about 30 dive bars and diners Dean swears they have to stop at. They’ll be lucky to come back in time for Dean’s internship at The Lawrence Journal, which starts in June.
“Hello Dean,” the man’s face lifts ever so slightly, blinking away a film of moisture in his eyes, “welcome back.”
“No, I haven’t changed my mind. What on earth are you talking about?”
Dean’s rhythm falters and Cas knows he’s close. His body rigid against Castiel’s chest, he slips his other hand down to Dean’s balls and tugs. Dean’s breath is coming out in heavy pants now, the sound of his desire filling the bedroom.
He nods again and holds out a hand for the baggie, it feels weightless.
“Have you ever felt that way about someone?” Sam’s voice is small, he sounds so much younger than his 25 years.
She notices Dean hasn’t said a word, he’s staring at his shoes as if he’s worried they’ll walk away without him.
“Hey now, none of this secret crap.” Dean frowns.
It’s a turn of the century brick warehouse, two stories tall. There’s no name out front but instead a big, neon red, broken heart. Dean can’t hear the music but he can feel the bass already pulsating out of the windows and doors.
“That would be me boy-o,” a familiar yet distant lit captures Dean’s attention on the right side of the room. Sitting in a wooden chair with a cup in one hand and a long black feather in another is the midwife from his childhood. Surprising looking not a day older than she had when Sam was born.
Dean gapes at him, the sheer audacity was dumbfounding, “How did it start out then?”
His eyes glance over the crowd; Sam is rubbing Eileen’s feet while she chats with her sister. Anna, mostly softened up to all of them now, somehow convinced herself she’d been in favor of Sam and Eileen’s relationship the entire time. Dean was just happy she spent most of her time in Europe with her rich husband, the man sitting peacefully next to her. He was nice enough, just also old enough to be her father.
Dean nods, “You have three, and two sisters. Big Catholic family.”
And it did; Dean ranted about the site, how the new guy didn’t even show, and by the time he left he felt lighter. He had missed their talks, missed the way Cas just seemed to pull the tension out of him. After their meal was finished, he hit up a meeting. This time without Benny, but it was still a good one. He went home, finally got around to that laundry. Paid some bills, tried to watch tv; but he just couldn’t get settled. The apartment felt too big, too empty without Cas.
But today, when he still felt so close to the terror of losing Cas forever, it was a lot harder to pretend. To think he might never hear Cas laugh or say Dean’s name in that deep baritone. That he might never see his violent blue eyes kindle with fire when a sub-contractor tried to neglect OSHA protocols on a job or widen with delight over Dean preparing his favorite meal.
He probably reconciled with Jimmy. He could just see it. The two of them laughing over what a fool Dean was. Thinking he was falling in love. He was an idiot.
True, Castiel had been busy for months on a deal with a smaller real estate firm.
“I should probably say hello to the other department leads. Just to get some credit for coming ya know?” Sam’s already inching away and Dean suspects he may have spotted the object of his affections somewhere in the bar.
Dean looks up, trying to use the pain he’s feeling over said fake alpha as strength to answer. “Without. Castiel has his own life that he has now gone back to. He has his own omega already, he was just doing me a favour.”
John doesn’t respond immediately, but a moment later a dark, bitter, drunken laugh emanates from the man before his words rumble out towards Castiel as he looks up to meet the other alpha’s gaze for the first time.
Immediately the conversation grinds to a halt and he’s greeted with looks from the room’s two occupants, and he sees that Bobby has already made himself scarce. Dean knows he’s probably only in the next room, but the old beta knows what Winchester family fights can be like and clearly didn’t want a front row seat with a chance of audience participation.
“It was in May.”
“Go back in, I need you to knock on all the doors upstairs and raise the alarm inside and get everyone out, it should just be mom, Sam, and Henry, but make sure this wing is cleared out. Please Cas,-”
“Well, it’s very good to see you. How have you been? How was school? Tell me everything. Also, who is that fellow over there with your father? I don’t think I’ve seen him here before.”
“Oh,” the man exclaims like he’s just remembered something, “I’m sorry, that was who the letter was addressed to and I just assumed,” he says, handing the paper back.
John nods, seeming to be satisfied with what he managed to get out and they lapse back into a silence that continues for the rest of the drive. Dean turns to stare out the window and John puts the radio back on. Of course John warmed up to Cas, who wouldn't. Dean knows he's in a pretty fucking deep hole at the minute so he just lets his head tip forward and thunk quietly against the window. He spends the rest of the ride cursing the universe that the best alpha he ever met was already married and that he was dumb enough to get knocked up by possibly the worst alpha.
“Yeah, she passed on the message. Just wasn't sure I believed it."
“I am Castiel. Castiel Novak. I’m sorry, I believe I have done a terrible job of making proper introductions.” Castiel looks almost nervous when Dean looks back at him.
“Yes,” John says smoothly, as if that was just the answer he was expecting, “And that does not mean it was a good choice.” He places his own cutlery down and faces Dean fully. “What were you thinking Dean? You barely even know this man and you plan to spend the rest of your life with him?”
Since I last updated, the kudos on this fic has reached over 100 and oh my gosh guys! Thank you!!! so much! to everyone who has left kudos and comments on this, especially as getting emails saying I had kudos acted as little reminders to write and that people like this and are still interested in it. The response to this fic has beaten out everything I've ever posted previously and that has just made me so happy!
He’s still not so ready to accept the alpha himself though. “And you’d be doing this out of the kindness of your own heart I suppose?”
Dean folds his arms over his chest trying to hide the illogical feeling of rejection and peers up at him, trying to get this conversation back on track. “So, I’m assuming you mean for you to be my fake husband then,” Castiel nods, “And what do you propose we do about this marriage once my family is convinced, seeing as you clearly aren’t looking to actually be married? Fake your death?” Dean smirks.
John looks back and forth between his son and Castiel, looking like he’s trying to figure out some kind of puzzle.
Castiel smiled and glanced down. “Yes. I think it does.”
Dean laughs despite himself. "Yeah, suppose you got a point there."
Couple mini warnings in end notes
Castiel swallowed and met Dean’s gaze. “Yes, Dean. It...it’s gorgeous.” Castiel’s words seemed to catch in his throat. He closed his eyes, took a breath, and stepped out of Dean’s space. “W-what is-” Castiel swallowed, “...do you have a name for it yet?” At that Dean looked down and this time Castiel was certain he could see a blush colouring his face and the tips of his ears.
The tradition of all coming in the car feels stupid at times like this with far too many people crammed in, despite the fact that it's not too uncomfortable due to its size. Dean looks over Charlie's head at Sam and they share a look of commiseration at the situation before cracking up and it feels just like old times. He hasn't really had a chance to talk to Sam since he arrived, one thing or another coming up or Dean just fully hiding from his brother. However, they still share moments like this, and the knowledge of the effort Sam put into trying to help him and Cas, even if it was a tad misguided, fills Dean full of affection for his little brother and how he's still trying to look out for him although they're no longer kids. He knows they won't have much of a chance to chat at the minute, but Dean vows to not let the much needed conversation with Sam hang over longer than tomorrow. For now, they’ll smile at each other and laugh and they'll enjoy the festival like they always have.
