Beside him Sam winces. But fuck this, Dean’s not sitting listening to his mom blame them for her walking out.
Coming from anyone else, the unsolicited advice would rub Dean the wrong way. But he knows Charlie is just worried about him. He’s been at the Den for over three months now and hasn’t had one date that didn't fail miserably. Apart from whatever him and Crowley have going on. Garth hasn’t been subtle about the fact he’s concerned. Dean thinks Garth’s just taking all the failed matches personally. Like Dean is deliberately trying to fuck up all his efforts.
“Okay,” Dean calls after him, letting the air out of the balloon with a squeal. “I’ll tidy up after myself don’t worry.”
“Still,” Zachariah continues. “Being a virgin, especially at your age, is one thing in your favor at least.”
Once on his feet he lunges out of the stall, shouldering past Marv and dodging the knife with more luck than skill. Within seconds, Marv is flying at him again. The knife catches Dean on the arm as he ducks out of the way, it stings like a bitch but he thinks his jacket took the brunt of the damage. Dean makes a dash towards the door, but Marv, yelling in rage, is right behind him. Not keen on the idea of a knife at his back, Dean spins around just in time for Marv to crash into him, taking them both back down to the floor. Dean’s head cracking against tile this time.
“Me too,” Charlie says with a grin. “It took us a while but somehow we still managed to beat you down the aisle.”
“No, Sammy.” Dean cuts off Sam’s incoming whine. “I know we don’t discuss this gender shit, just like we don’t talk about mom, or how much dad drinks every day. But the fact is, I’m a twenty-two-year-old unmated omega. You know as well as I do that a Den is pretty much my only option.”
“I can do it myself, thanks,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. He jumps onto the stage closely followed by Cas who makes a hasty exit into the wings while Dean joins the rest of the crew, setting his mask down on the table in front of him and ruffling his flattened hair.
Abaddon yanks at his hair, forcing his head down to the side. “I could bite you right now. Sink my teeth into your neck. Mark you up so no one else would want to touch you.”
Dean shouldn’t be here. He should be tucked up safe and sound in his room at the Den like the rest of the inmates. But honestly, he’s growing more and more frustrated with being treated like some naughty kid who has to keep to a schedule. Especially since he and Benny argued.
Dean’s left breathless for more than one reason. The crowd whoop and a blinding storm of cameras flash as he stares back at Cas’s pink-cheeked grin.
Last night, Dean had been thinking with his dick, and his nose, maybe even with his heart, but not with his brain.
“Charlie, it’s good to see you. It’s been too long,” Dean says, squeezing her tight before he holds her back at arm’s length to study her outfit.
Lisa grimaces. “I’ll try, Dean, I swear, but Cas is adamant that he’s staying, and seeing as how we all bought it together… “
“No! Hell, no. Dean, wait...” This time when Benny tries to lay his hand on Dean’s arm, Dean slaps it away, ignoring the flash of hurt in the alpha’s eyes.
His dad lashes out and smacks Dean across the side of the face. Dean’s not sure which of them is more surprised.
Dean sneezes again. It’s the goddamn flowers. Why do they even need tiny vases of tiny flowers on the tables?
Dean thunks his head back against his sun lounger. At least this argument is taking place beside the pool. It’s a change of scenery for the same old fight.
Cas isn’t so convinced. “I still think yoga would be more beneficial. You need to stretch yourself, Dean, physically and mentally. You need to find your center. Your chi.”
“You’re a virgin?” she squeals, loudly. “That’s so sweet, Dean.” Becky’s voice is high-pitched enough to grate eardrums.
“Now, Mr. Winchester,” exec number one, says, looking down at his very pretty Rolex again, “Our new director should be here in just—”
“But don’t you get sick of it?” Crowley continues. “The never-ending rules and endless parade of tedious alphas looking to bend you over and breed you up. Don't you ask yourself if this is it? This is all your life is? Don’t you ever just want to bugger off and go howl at the moon?”
Four days into his stay at the Fairdale Omega Den, Dean is not having fun. He didn’t realize there was so much paperwork involved in being an omega.
“I know you don't trust me, Dean,” Mary starts. “But I swear, when I got back in touch with you boys it wasn’t for any underhanded reason.”
Cas walks by once, ignoring him completely. If Dean was a bigger person he might apologize for snapping at him the night before. He’s not, so he ignores him right on back.
Dean smiles, as reassuring as he can given how rough he’s feeling. “Change of plan, Max. Don’t worry about it. I’ll forward on the new schedule to the office now.”
“Goddamn it, Dean,” Sam says, wrapping his arm around Dean’s waist. He takes Dean’s sluggish weight from Stuart, who’d saved him from flopping in an undignified heap on the floor. “Why didn’t you ask for a break? You’re not a fucking extra, you’re a leading actor. They’re lucky to have you in this crappy movie.”
He does jerk off as soon as he’s alone though. And for the first time ever he even tries sliding a finger in his hole while he’s doing it. He’s never wanted to get fucked before. Never admitted to himself that he’s even curious about it. He’s always tried so hard to pretend he’s normal, like his dad always wanted, that he refused to even contemplate the idea of bending over for anyone. Even the thought of allowing an alpha near his ass used to fill him with a hot wash of shame. The suppressants and blockers helped, quashing every natural omega instinct that he had. Now though, now he has to admit that he’s aching to find out what it would feel like to be fucked by an alpha. By an alpha who wanted him enough to pursue him. By Cas, or Benny, or Cain.
“We all need a little help sometimes. Ain’t nothing wrong with that. Just got to be brave enough to admit it.”
“You look like washed out crap. You smell like an ashtray in a cheap boozer. You just had a major panic attack. And you don’t want the two people you care the most about to know.” Crowley counts the points off on his fingers. “You need to talk to someone, because as much as I do love publicity for my movies, I don’t want it to be because one of my stars has self-destructed.”
The bartender’s gaze is a lot more friendly when he turns back to Dean. “Sorry about Jeb. He pretty much came with the fixtures when I took over the joint. He doesn’t usually cause trouble but I guess your ass was just too much for him.”
“You okay, man?” It takes a few seconds for Dean to focus on Stuart, the prop master, the guy in charge of freeing him from his bonds. Dean may not be strapped down quite as tightly as it appears on-screen but he’s going nowhere on his own.
“Bullshit,” Dean growls. “I spent nearly a year fixing this place up. My blood, sweat, and tears are in the fucking brickwork.”
“Oh, peachy, Sam.” Dean rolls his eyes, his head thunking back against the seat rest again. “Thanks for not making the situation any worse.”
Maybe if Sam and Eileen lived closer it wouldn’t be so bad. At least Cas has his family a few hours away. And he has his yoga classes. And his art. He’s intelligent and witty and seriously good-looking, albeit a little weird. He’s self-confident in a way that Dean just pretends to be. His divorce from Meg didn’t seem to faze him for more than a few weeks. In fact, Meg and Cas are back to being the best of friends. Dean only knows that Meg and Lisa have set a date for their wedding because Cas told him. Meg apparently asked him to be her best man.
Dean smiles and sinks into the warm familiarity of Cas’s aversion to early mornings. “You’re adorable when you’re grumpy.”
“No, he didn’t,” Dean argues, because that’s not possible. One punch does not knock out Dean Winchester.
Ellen is waiting for them on the front steps when they arrive back at Fairdale, her expression thunderous. The ear-bashing he gets from her is less than fun, but it’s still favorable to the oppressive stench in the car.
Cas, on the other hand, would quite like to scoop Crowley’s eyes out with a spoon. That he admits this while brandishing a kitchen knife should be worrying but Dean’s too busy admiring how hot Cas looks when he’s pissed at someone other than him.
“Dean, give Sam a chance to explain,” Cas says. Reprimands, like a school teacher and Dean’s an unruly kindergartener. Dean glares at him.
To be fair, Cas had crafted and installed some stunning kitchen units. It had taken him months, but the quality was amazing. And the oak kitchen table that he’d made was an actual work of art. While Dean was handy because he grew up in a variety of shithole apartments that were usually half-way towards falling down, Cas was just fucking talented.
To be honest, Dean isn’t sure if the precaution is for his sake or the alpha’s. Word had somehow gotten back to Ellen that Dean almost punched an alpha at the party the other night and she wasn’t pleased with the alpha or him. Apparently, it’s not seemly to cause a fight when an alpha is simply looking for an introduction. Even if that alpha is an imbecile. She’s added a no punching people unless it’s in self-defense addendum to the house rules. Whatever. Dean’s never been a stickler for the rules.
This is unwalked ground for both of them. Dean knows that Cas isn’t a fan of his dad. Of the decisions he made. But he has always had the good sense to keep his opinions to himself. “My dad loved us. No matter what you think. He made some bad decisions because his wife walked out and left him with two small kids and a broken heart.”
Despite the late hour and his exhaustion, it takes some time for Dean to fall asleep, but when he finally does he’s out for the count. He doesn’t stir until something solid hits him in the stomach. He wakes with a disgruntled oomf, opens his eyes and groans when sunlight streams through the curtains he forgot to close before he went to bed.
“You’re just saying that because you still get flashbacks to the time I put Nair in your shampoo and dad ended up having to give you a buzz cut, bitch.”
He would probably feel more humiliated by it all if Garth wasn’t so professional and, worse, downright personable.
“Aaron Bass,” the guy introduces himself. They shake hands briefly, and Dean grabs the opportunity to take in Aaron’s scent, which turns out to be disappointingly nondescript, not unpleasant, just not much of anything. It’s an anticlimactic moment really, not exactly the first-meeting that movies always seemed to show. Dean would feel bad, but Aaron doesn’t seem immediately overcome by Dean’s scent either. They stare at each other silently for a moment before Dean catches on to the fact the Aaron’s waiting for Dean to sit back down before he sits. It’s so incredibly awkward that Dean has to smile as they both finally sit opposite each other.
It’s not like Dean is completely out of shape. He can still run a few miles without keeling over, but, unlike Cas, he’s far from as lean as he was twenty years ago, back when he was modeling part time. Although when he looks back at the advertising promos he did for Lisa and Meg when they were trying to get the business off the ground, he has to admit they’re a bit of a cringefest. At the time, he thought he looked cool with blonde tips in his hair, the pink lip gloss Lisa persuaded him to wear, his oiled chest and his tiny running shorts. In retrospect, he most definitely looked like a twink trying way too hard in a gay bar.
With a huff of annoyance, Cas walks over and plops down onto the couch by Dean’s side. “You are an irrational idiot. This is your first date since Lisa. The first time you’ve been at all sociable in months. You need to go, Dean.”
Dean feels like throwing something in frustration. Seriously. There is no logic here. He can’t be nice. He can’t be honest. He can’t punch people. It’s not leaving him many options.
, in his head. That’s as far as the word makes it. He just about manages a stiff nod that, thank every deity, Cas takes as a yes. He kisses with a gentle devotion that steals Dean’s breath away.
Dean tries to spot the agent amongst the crowd, but apparently they don’t actually have horns and a tail, so it’s impossible to tell them apart from the non-assholes.
Dean doesn’t even bother turning on the lights when he stumbles through the door, kicking off his shoes and dumping his bag in the hallway. He presumes that Cas is out on yet another date, or perhaps in his studio working on something, because the house is cast in darkness.
“I’m fine,” Dean snaps, pulling a face as he wipes the blood from his lips. The stuff doesn’t taste great. “I want this scene over and done with, and if I keep asking for breaks every five minutes we’ll never wrap.”
The wedding feast afterwards is a huge success. With Cain being in charge of the food it obviously would be. And although the wedding cake is spectacular, four tiers, two of them chocolate, Dean is more enamored with the array of mini pies that accompany it. Cain is a stoic alpha of few words at times, but his actions more than make up for that.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Dean says, looking down at his lap. “I’m not your responsibility. I went to that club of my own free will.”
Dean nods, coming back to himself. “Sorry.” Shame heats his cheeks as he looks at the sea of faces around them, some staring at him, some scowling at Marv who’s half hidden behind his AD.
Ash nods. “Oh yeah, bromegos, they are amazing! Best thing about being an omega is when you find an alpha who really knows how to knot you good. I’ll never forget my first time. Better than any high, man.”
“Dean Winchester! Welcome to the Fairdale Den. We’re so excited that you’re finally able to join us. I’m Garth, and I’ll be your facilitator for your stay with us.”
“Dean, perhaps your friend’s right. Why don’t you go get checked out? Just in case,”  Benny chimes in, taking hold of Dean’s other arm. “You’re pretty unsteady on your feet there, buddy.”
Cas comes almost silently, chest heaving and eyes clenched shut. As always, it’s the prettiest thing Dean has ever seen.
A part of him wishes that the alpha had followed. It’s a ridiculous thought. Cain works at Fairdale. He’s not here to find a mate. Given his age and unfairly gorgeous looks, it’s more than likely he’s already been snapped up by some lucky omega anyway. Dean tells himself he isn’t a little disappointed.
Dean doesn’t even know how to go about finding a job. What he wants to do. He didn’t graduate college. He dropped out when he was twenty-one to look after Ben while Lisa worked insane hours. He hadn’t even been close to graduating. Fuck, he hadn’t even chosen his major. He’d not started college until he was nineteen, too worried about leaving Sam alone with their Dad to even contemplate accepting the baseball scholarship he’d been offered. It had taken his dad disappearing and Sam moving in with his then-girlfriend Jess and her very understanding parents for him to finally go.
Dean had honestly been dreading his heat. He’d hated the idea of having no control over his body, over his fevered mind. Of having to rely on anyone else when he was so defenseless. But the vulnerability and fear he’d expected to experience when his biology took over had never materialized. With Cain and Benny and Cas he’d felt nothing but safe. Protected. Cherished in a way he’d never known. Never expected to enjoy.
Neither of them notices they’re not alone until a loud and pointed cough breaks through their growing ardor.
“And don’t forget your appointment with Dr. Missouri,” Garth reminds Dean, cheerfully, patting him on the back before he wanders away to bug some other poor schmuck.
“God, Marv should have called a break twenty minutes ago, your muscles are gonna be shot to shit. Okay, hold on.”
The Fairdale Omega Den isn’t what Dean had expected. It does have the imposing security gates that he’d imagined but behind them the building, mansion sized and vine-covered, lacks the bars on the windows and the institutional feel that he’d feared. Despite his confident lecture to Sam, Dean hadn’t been entirely sure he wasn’t rolling up to some outdated institute that would try and auction him off the highest bidder.
Dean glances towards the door the guy is pointing to and winks. “Well, if he doesn’t catch me, he won’t.”
“I mean, she’s into chicks.” Dean clarifies, when it occurs to him how rude that must have sounded. “Not that you aren’t cute.”
This time it’s Dean who leans in and presses his mouth against Cas’. This kiss is less gentle and less cautious. Cas responds with a heated groan that vibrates against Dean’s lips sending shivers straight down his spine. His hands come up to hold Dean’s face, thumbs featherlight on his cheekbones. He deepens the kiss with a hint of dominance that makes Dean’s toes curl in his socks. It’s a long time since Dean felt like a teenager, but with Cas’ lips touching his, there are butterflies dancing in his stomach and a sweaty flush breaking out across his neck. He feels as hot and flustered and downright excited as he did the first time he kissed a girl.
Dean gulps, and crosses his legs in an effort to hide how instantly enthusiastic his dick is at the idea.
The guy who’s just taken the mic in his hand is dressed as Batman, full rigid face mask, only his mouth and eyes visible. The way the suit hangs on his tall frame, somehow makes him appear more sinister than heroic. When he speaks, it’s obvious he’s trying to make his voice sound deeper. He’s still at least an octave higher than Idris’ Batman though.
“Having fun?” He asks with a quirk of his eyebrow that suggests he knows at least a little of what’s going on.
The truth of the words echoes in Dean’s head as the knife trails down his chest. Dean’s eyes go wide before fluttering shut and…
Dean glares back. What’s going on is Dean just told Sam they didn’t have enough money for him to go to the movies with his friends at the end of the week. That, in actual fact, Dad had just lost yet another job so the chances are they were about to pack up and leave so he wouldn’t have to worry because they probably wouldn’t even be in town by the end of the week. Somehow in Sammy’s obnoxious puberty-raddled head this is all Dean’s fault.
Dean sighs, head falling forward onto Cas’s shoulder. Kid brothers, man. Do they ever stop cockblocking?
Well, that’s a disturbing thought. Dean scrunches his nose up. “First of all, ew, no! Second, I’m twenty-two not a kid. And it’s not the same at all. They aren’t in any position of power over me. They aren’t pressuring me into anything. And I’m here voluntarily so if there’s an issue with ethics, I’m quite happy to leave now. Come one, Charlie, I thought you would be happy for me.”
That’s when it slowly dawns on Dean that his inside monologue isn’t actually staying inside. He clamps his lips together firmly before he can say anything else embarrassing. Like how stupidly cute Cas looks with that Santa hat perched on his head. God, his hair is going to look all messy and sexier than ever when he finally takes it off. Dean hopes daddy-issues twink appreciates it.
“Shame, shame,” Zachariah says, with slightly too much glee. “Perhaps Ellen’s files need some updating. I’ve been suggesting for years she should relax her regulations. Allow a wider range of alphas onto her books. It’s not easy matching the more unusual omega with an interested alpha.”
Benny takes his hand across the table and Dean’s laughter dies in his throat. Benny’s hand is huge and warm and fits perfectly around Dean’s. His expression is soft, his words are not. “I wanted to kill Abaddon last night. And her two friends. And everyone else in that club that was daring to look at you.“
Cas still has time to drive to his mom’s for the holidays. Dean decides to make it his mission to persuade him to do just that.
Mary Winchester is back. That’s about as much as Dean knows. Sam has a letter gripped in his hand. He tried to pass it to Dean. But Dean can barely look at it, never mind touch it.
Dean kind of wants to know just how much of the conversation Cas heard, but he also figures he’ll probably want the floor to open up and swallow him if he knows the answer.
With a slight swagger to his walk, an extra sway of his hips, Dean crosses the room and sits down across from Cain. He’s relieved that Cain doesn’t stand up and pull out his chair for him. The alpha is obviously wise enough to know that Dean doesn’t want to be treated like an old-fashioned omega, or a chick. Although the only time Dean pulled a chair out for a girl, she almost laughed him out of the diner, so that comparison doesn’t really work out either.
This group seems like a decent bunch of people: friendly and high-spirited. Dean sits back and watches them tease and trash-talk each other, and he laughs along at their god-awful jokes. Benny, all laid-back charm and easy smiles, spends as much time as Carmen does flirting good-naturedly with Dean. Most of Carmen’s flirting is done while she’s sitting on Benny’s lap, her arm slung around his neck with a proprietary casualness that makes Dean as curious as he is confused.
But Dean’s needs have never taken priority. Not as far as Dean is concerned. Not when it comes to Sam.
“It would have been better if your first time with an alpha was not while you were in heat,” Cain says. “But seeing as how you’re too stubborn to wait—”
Dean shakes his head, takes another draw of his cigarette, trying at least not to blow the smoke in Crowley’s direction. It’s bad enough that he’s smoking in the trailer. He’s going to have to air it out before Sam and Cas appear. If they ever do.
“And you know that this is not the way we do things here,” Ellen reminds him. “And boy, you’re so drunk on all those alpha pheromones right now, you can’t think straight.”
Lisa, as usual, had talked him around. The house was big enough that they could all have their own space. There were three bedrooms upstairs, one a master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom for Dean and Lisa. Downstairs there was another master bedroom for Meg and Cas, as well as a huge living room, and a spacious kitchen/diner. On top of all that there was an art studio, a family-sized pool, a double garage, a balcony with stunning views and the beach was literally on their doorstep. Plus, Lisa promised they would split up the days at the house, so each family had their own time alone. It was all far too good to pass up.
Marv carries on regardless of Dean’s stormy expression and clenched fist. “You’re a lightweight, Winchester. Only good at romcoms and flashy action flicks. You wouldn’t be able to find the depth in a character with a flashlight and a shovel. My movie— “
“Fuck you. I worked my ass off today. I had one bad night, that’s all.” Dean scowls, immediately on the defensive. He’s a professional for fuck sake. He hasn’t had a cigarette since this morning. He sure as hell would never drink while he was working. Jesus Christ. Is that what people actually think?
“That’s it’s Dean, good boy. Slower now, let me see you. Brush your fingers over those pretty nipples. Now, tug on your balls, that’s it, kiddo.”
Cas gives him a once over, licking his lips in a way that makes Dean’s insides do funny things, and his dick twitch happily in his leather pants.
“School,” John huffs dismissively, like it’s not important. He probably doesn’t even know it’s the single most important thing in Sam’s life. “Well, we’re out of here tomorrow so school stuff isn’t an issue.”
“You don’t know what that is?” She laughs. “Oh baby, you’re so innocent; it’s adorable. They used to have omega rallies all the time back in the good old days when omegas knew their places. There was no nonsense about omegas picking their mates then. We just strapped an O down and let every alpha fuck them. Either they ended up mated, dead or claimed by a pack.”
Uriel smiles at him like he wants to eat him, but he unlocks the doors with the press of a button. Dean bolts from the car like Godzilla is in the driver’s seat.
Ain’t that the truth, Dean thinks. He has no idea who this woman is. And what’s worse, he doesn’t think he wants to know.
Next on the agenda is autographs. Sam and Charlie stay glued to Dean’s side the entire time as they’re escorted to the DC booth. Even there they hover behind him, and Dean doesn’t miss how Idris and Chris stand close on either side of him as the fans start to troop by. Security don’t even pretend to appear unthreatening. As much as he tries not to let what happened in the hall spoil his mood, it’s hard to hide that he’s still shaken up.
He’s chain smoked three Marlboro, and feels ill for more than one reason by the time he and Sam are both back in the car heading home, neither of them talking. Too angry at each other to pretend otherwise.
“It’s okay, I’ve got him,” another voice says. Chris nods, and steps out of the way. Perhaps guessing how vulnerable Dean feels right now, maybe figuring the guy who was pretending to kill him a second ago, isn’t the best person to help.
Benny at least doesn’t seem to notice the effect he has on Dean. “I ain’t normally one to interfere, but, well, I heard you’ve been seeing a fair bit of Crowley, and I just wanted to say, well, be careful, cher. Crowley is… he’s tricky. I don’t trust him. He’s a slippery son of a bitch.”
“Look,” Dean says, trying his best to sound reasonable, even though sweat is beading on his forehead and his shirt is now sticking to his back. He hopefully has a couple of hours before his heat truly hits, but they don’t have much time to waste. “If this whole thing with Uriel and Zachariah has fucked up my chances with the three of you, I understand, I mean, I’ll be fucking devastated, but I’ll get it.”
“Was that the lamest thing ever?” Dean says to Cas as they cross the last few feet between the front row and the stage. “Did I just look like a total dumbass?”
“What can I say… it worked the first time around. And don’t tell me you weren’t having fun.” Grinning, Dean reaches up and flicks the pompom at the end of the Santa hat. “You’re probably halfway to getting laid already.”
Now that’s a surprise. “Seriously?” Dean stares at Cas. “After everything, you would want to talk to her?”
“Thanks, Sammy.” Dean ends the call before Sam can say anything else. He leans down over the kitchen island and drops his head onto the worktop with a thunk. He knows Sam is just looking out for him, that he’s worried and trying to help, but Dean would probably feel better right now if Sam had somehow just reached through the phone and punched him in the balls.
“It was a kindness really,” Abaddon continues. “Omegas are only born to serve one purpose. There was no heat sickness back then because no omega made it to your age without being bred like the bitch they were designed to be.”
“Okay, so... just me hear me out...” Dean gives it one last try even though he knows he’s about to be shot down in flames. “None of your pre-planned schedule changes except, I’m on my motorcycle and you’re in the car. I mean, there’s literally no difference. I still arrive when you do, I—”
Lisa watches him from the bedroom doorway, twisting her hands anxiously. “Please, Dean, just stay tonight. I’ll sleep in the spare room. We can talk about this more in the morning. We
And to be honest, Dean thinks Sam and Cas probably felt a little guilty for nixing his plans to arrive on a motorcycle and spend the whole weekend fanboying.
“They never should have hired that talentless egomaniac in the first place,” Sam complains, not for the first time. “If Dean hadn’t been so desperate to play this stupid role-”
“What about the scent thing?” Dean asks, turning the packet of painkillers over in hand and not even asking how she knew about his sore head. “Is it going to get any better?”
“Sit your butt back down, Dean Winchester, we aren’t finished yet,” Missouri snaps at him. “Now, listen to me, I don’t want to hear any of your nonsense in this office. I’m your doctor and I need you to be honest with me. Always. Whatever you say to me is completely confidential, it doesn’t go outside these walls. And trust me, whatever you say to me, I’ll have heard it before. I’ve been an omega specialist since before you were born.”
Dean feels like he’s being scolded. “I’ve had other priorities, ma’am,” he shoots back, shoulders hitching up defensively. “My family needed me at home.”
“Is there anything I can do?” Sam asks. He knows better than to push Dean when he’s already feeling overwhelmed. “You need anything?”
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” Crowley cuts in swiftly, obviously not quite sure where Idris was planning on going with that reply. “Please welcome our very own Red Hood... Mr. Dean Winchester.”
Without the safety net of Charlie by his side, Dean works his way steadily towards the edges of the party. He doesn’t know many people here, and he’s uncomfortable knowing that a lot of them can sense his unease. On top of that, he has a blinding headache gnawing away behind his eyes. He fully plans on escaping to the safe haven of his room as quickly as possible.
Dean didn’t appreciate how long two hours was until he was forced to make conversation with a total stranger for that length of time. A total stranger with whom he has pretty much nothing in common. And absolutely no attraction to. It’s excruciating. Dean isn’t sure who’s happiest when the two hours are up, but Aaron books it out of there pretty rapidly, not even trying for another handshake never mind an illicit kiss. It’s a safe bet, Dean thinks, that Aaron won’t be requesting a second date.
“I know,” Dean agrees, because it’s not. It sucks. Not having a mom sucks. “But you know what you do have Sammy, that dumbass Dylan doesn’t have?”
“Well, as long as you promise to treat him right, I don’t have any objections to you marrying my pretty princess of a brother,” Sam says, ignoring Dean’s squawking complaints.
“It might have escaped your attention but the invitations aren’t exactly flooding in. I can’t even find anyone to play a round of golf with anymore.” Cas rolls his eyes. And okay, yes Dean has to admit that golf is a game for douchebags but he enjoys it. “Apparently all my friends are, in actual fact, Lisa’s friends. I’m about as popular as herpes right now.”
“It was a movie, Crowley, not a war,” Dean points out, sliding out from under Crowley’s arm before Cas’s good mood vanishes. “And you only turned up at the end.”
“Being paid to do?” Dean bristles. “Rich coming from the guy who just ruined a take, everyone’s time,
Dean has mentioned Cas’s odd behavior to Sam, just casually, in passing. And Sam’s helpful brotherly advice: “Don’t be an idiot all your life, Dean.”
The tumbler in his hand goes flying across the room, shattering against the wall, and raining down over the floor in a thousand fractured pieces. His shoulders are heaving, heartbeat pounding loud and fast in his ears. He slaps his hands down on the counter top, the sting barely registering. He can feel the suffocating weight of Cas and Sam watching him. Christ, if they didn’t think he was on the verge of a breakdown before they will now.
“Well, the yoga and meditation help with that,” Cas says, before adding after a pause, “and the weed of course.”
Even with Cas breathing down his neck, the little dickweed can’t resist making digs at Dean. He’s either brave or very stupid. And Dean doesn’t think there’s a brave bone in his body.
Dean’s heart clenches. He almost caves and tosses his return ticket in the trash right then. Instead, he gives Sam a rueful grin. “You haven’t needed me for years, man. You and Eileen have got this, I promise.”
“No problem,” Sam says. “I should have made you take some vacation time years ago. I am kind of sorry about that.”
Abaddon's two henchmen are on the floor, one flat on his back, the other on his knees, hands clasped to his face trying to staunch the blood streaming from his nose. Benny and Cas are standing over them, without a scratch on them. They aren’t even breathing hard. Dean isn’t surprised by Benny, but he hadn’t guessed that Cas was such a badass. There’s obviously more hiding under his ill-fitting suit than Dean had imagined. And this seriously isn’t the time to be thinking about that.
“I get that, Cas,” Dean grins. “The slick leaking from my hole every time you growl at me is a bit of a giveaway.”
“Damnit, Ash, you better not be swinging your hair about in my restaurant again,” Ellen’s voice comes from behind him, closely followed by the woman herself.
The other woman joins in the conversation. All of them talking like Dean isn’t standing right the fuck there. “If not, a little spanking will soon solve a minor behavioral issue. As you always like to remind us, Uriel, omegas need a firm hand and a belly full of pups to find fulfilment. But of course, we need a wedding before a breeding, don't we?”
Benny's smile falters. “I never said that, never would, so I’d thank you not to put words in my mouth. There’s enough discrimination in the world without hearing it in here.”
“Here,” Cas says, a few minutes later, offering Dean a glass of water and a handful of pills which Dean accepts and swallows without question. “I tried to move you up to your bed last night but I’m afraid my sofa was as far as we made it.”
“Yes,” Dean says instantly, shoving Benny towards Cas, even though he suspects Cas actually wanted to take advantage of the fact that Dean was on the dance floor for the first time all night.
“Okay, okay. I’ll tell you how I feel. Fed up. I’ve had days of you people poking and prodding at me, asking me questions, testing me, treating me like an idiot and rolling your eyes every time there’s something else I don’t know about being an omega. And now I’ve got to go to a damn party. I hate parties. I always have. But that doesn’t matter, does it, because none of you care what I actually want, you just care that I fall into line and start acting like a good little bitch!”
For a guy who refuses to be seen as anything other than Dean’s bodyguard in public, who won’t be Dean’s plus-one for anything involving press and paparazzi, it’s a ballsy move.
Dean turns around in his arms, kisses him, sweet and closed mouth in respect of morning breath, and the fear Cas might taste the whisky he had two hours ago, then he presses the coffee into Cas’s hand.
As it is, Marv is lucky Dean’s there to stop Cas from killing him. And he sure as hell doesn’t stop Cas for Marv’s benefit.
No, he’s not okay. He’s so far from okay he’s on a different planet in another fucking galaxy. “I’m fine, Sam.”
“Cas,” Mrs. Spangler says. “Come along, dear. You weren’t saying that when you won two hundred bucks betting on Mrs. Rosen’s son leaving his wife for the pool boy.”
“Your movie,” Dean interrupts, “your movie is a steaming pile of cow dung. I know it. The studio bigwigs know it. Everyone here knows it. And it’s not because of the acting. Mine or anyone else’s. It’s no-one’s fault but yours. You took an awesome script and turned it into your own fucked-up story that makes no sense. You treat your on-screen characters the same way you treat everyone else on set... like crap. You’re a garbage director and a garbage human-being. If it was up to me, you’d have been replaced on this movie months ago.”
Dean’s fight or flight response seems to be malfunctioning, because all he seems capable of doing is lying there on the bathroom floor struggling to breathe.
Before he drags himself to bed, he showers long enough that the water turns cold. Even then he doesn’t feel like he’s scrubbed the stench of Uriel’s odor from his skin. Despite his exhaustion, he sleeps for shit. He spends most of the night trying to work out how to fix all the stupid mistakes he’s made. By morning he’s no closer to figuring it out.
He takes a couple of Advil from the medicine cabinet in his bathroom, wipes the mirror clean with his towel, and then looks at his reflection. Honestly, he doesn’t look as bad as he thought. There’s a faint purpling bruise on his jaw, a few scratches, but his eyes are clear rather than bloodshot and the shower has left him with a pink-cheeked glow.
If Dean wasn’t quite so mellowed out under Donnie’s magic fingers, he’d take offence at that pug slur. Those little scrunched up faces are freaking adorable.
“Sorry… Sir,” Dean says, but even he can hear the attitude in his voice. He knows that isn’t going to go down well.
“What?” Dean says, surprised. He didn’t think they’d still be going to San Diego after everything. He didn’t think there would be anything to show them for a start.
He’s still half-naked, sitting astride the motorcycle, leaning over the handlebars and daydreaming about driving out of the building in pure Red Hood style, when Cas finally appears. His coat and jacket have been discarded, his shirt sleeves rolled up. There are still spots of blood visible on his white shirt.
The glass of water trembles dangerously in Dean’s hand. He’s a second away from throwing it in Adler’s pudgy face.
“I sincerely hope there’s no betting going on in my church,” Uriel says, joining them. “You know the Lord does not approve of gambling, Mrs. Shepherd.”
The only light in the room is the glow from the muted television but it’s enough to highlight the muscles moving under Cas’ skin as his hips thrust forward. His fingers tangled in his partner’s hair yanking his head back, his other hand gripped around a narrow waist. Sweat drips from Cas’ face onto the pale skin below him.
“Look,” Benny says, “let’s get him up off the floor, and then we can see if he needs to go to the hospital.”
He walks straight out the door, without looking back, without even glancing at Mary Winchester. Or Campbell, or whatever the fuck she’s calling herself these days. He’s so mad he can’t even talk to Ellen, just brushes past her. Even when she calls after him. It says a lot that he feels worse about that than he does reducing his mom to tears.
Lisa flinches ever so slightly before her face settles back into the mask she wears for business. “We need to discuss the divorce. What it is you want.”
Cas’s expression turns stormy. “We’re travelling together in the car. I’m not discussing this any further.”
Every resident is expected to keep their room clean and help out with chores if necessary but there are enough staff to deal with the day to day running of the place. Dean’s main job is to find himself an alpha.
Dean’s still confident he can get out of this unscathed. He’s scrappy, knows how to fight dirty if he has to. And he’s sensible enough to know when retreat is the safest option. He’s pretty sure he can outrun this she-devil in her four-inch heels. He just has to get past her first.
“Dean,” Cain’s voice joins them, sounding more ragged than Dean’s ever heard. “You’re going to kill us before we even get started, boy.”
“I’m not…” is all Dean manages to grit out through his teeth before Ellen arrives, smoothly lifting the glass of water from Dean’s hand and slotting herself between him and Zachariah.
Fuck, but his voice is sexy; deep and throaty like he smokes sixty a day and drinks nothing but hard liquor.
Sam huffs as Dean shrugs off his supporting arm and finally takes his own weight. More or less. He might have staggered there a little, but he’s fine. Really.
Benny laughs, a full bellowing laugh that shakes his chest. “No, darlin’, you’re oblivious. It’s cute as hell.”
“Charlie?” Dean parrots, not letting Cas go any further. He can’t believe Cas has gotten Charlie tangled up in this mess. “What the hell? Why did you involve her in anything to do with Alastair again? It was bad enough you had her checking out my goddamn mother. At least that wasn’t dangerous. Jesus! This is screwed up.”
Considering how awkward Cas can be at times, he actually does the whole socializing thing far better than Dean. Possibly because he just doesn’t give a crap what people think of him. Dean wishes he had the same confidence.
“Well, they’ve hung around for twelve years, I guess that’s long enough. You know a good divorce lawyer, Sammy?”
“Word has it, the studio is demanding all these reshoots because he fucked up. He’s costing them a fortune.”
“I said where are you? What are you gonna do now? You’re not gonna go and stay with Uncle Sam are you?”
“I… what…?” Dean crosses his arms over his chest, more than a little skeeved out by her scrutinizing stare. “Hey, don't objectify me, lady.”
“Cas. It’s my name. Rather than dude. Well, it’s Castiel to be truthful, but I don’t mind certain people calling me Cas.”
It’s not until he hears an audible gasp that Dean looks up and notices the crowd of wide-eyed women watching the unfolding drama from the church steps. Dean winks at them, which only causes more shocked mutterings to ripple through the group.
“And your biological clock is ticking,” Garth points out, just as Dean is on the cusp of apologizing for being an ass.
Dean shrugs, brushing off the praise as usual, even though after months of Marv’s sniping it is nice to hear. “Just doing what you pay me for.”
“And Pam nearly eviscerated him for it.” So, Dean heard anyway. He’d have paid money to see it for himself. His publicist has a wild temper and a sharp tongue and she might just be one of the few people who could dent Crowley’s ego.
“You know I only love you, sweetheart,” Dean says, squeezing his arms around Cas’s waist and feeling nothing but toned muscle. His boyfriend is so fucking sexy, seriously. “Although…” Dean muses, “Crowley does have that devilish twinkle in his eye, and you know, I do love a man with a bald spot.”
Dean thinks he might be about to cry. His eyes are burning and his stomach’s squirming like he’s drunk the bad milk again.
Ever since his mother got in touch, since the very first time Sam mentioned it, Dean has done his level best to avoid thinking about how this would go down. He’d hoped it would work out okay. Prayed that Sammy would find the answers he was searching for from a woman that the poor kid had no memories of. But he’d worried —rightly as it turned out— that it would all go to hell in a hand-basket. The one thing he’d counted on, though, was that no-matter what happened he and Sam would have each other’s backs.
“Can you… I’ll tell you how you can help me, boy. You can get your pansy ass out of here and let us decent folks drink in peace.”
“I’m not a kid, Cas,” Dean bites back, the initial relief he felt at seeing Cas rapidly deserting him. “Don’t talk to me like you’re my goddamn dad. What the hell are you doing here anyway? Sam been telling tales out of school, huh?”
“I really don’t think you want to add an assault charge to your problems,” a studio exec calmly intones, arriving on Marv’s heels.
Throwing his serviette on his empty plate, Cain stands up. “You, Dean Winchester, are lacking nothing. You were searching for the love and attention you should have had since you were a child. Especially an omega child. What you don’t appreciate is that Benny, Cas and I have wanted nothing more than to bring you into our home and  lavish you with love and affection ever since we first met you. I truly believe you were born to be part of a pack, Dean, part of
That’s when Dean sees Benny and Cas step up behind Cain. Even in the darkened lighting, Dean can see how pissed they look. They may be here, like some minor miracle, to rescue him, but Dean suspects they’re not happy about it.
At some point over the past couple of months the little weasel’s egomania has apparently descended into full on mania. The dude’s obviously cracking up. Seeing Marv’s face looking down at him brings Dean sharply back to his senses. He’s sure as shit not going to lie there like a fucking damsel in distress and let a douchebag who can’t even make a decent comic book movie gut him. Dean has standards, damnit.
“Everything okay?” Cas asks, walking into the kitchen, half-naked and dripping water from the pool. The question is innocent, but Dean can tell that the smirky asshole overheard at least the end of Dean’s conversation.
Dean gets out of the shower before that train of thought leads to him needing an even longer shower.
“And,” Cas continues. “As I’m sure many people, including a reasonable percentage of your fee-paying clients would tell you, being a homemaker and raising children is an incredibly important and vastly underrated job.”
“Does everyone know about this surprise visit?” Dean asks, trying and failing not to melt under Donnie’s expert touch. Given Cas’s poorly hidden jealous streak, it’s just as well Cas is outside on his cell phone rather than watching Dean all but purr as the stylist plays with his hair.
“Yeah,” Stuart adds. “Everyone loves the character, and you. I heard that why we need the reshoots. Apparently, there wasn’t enough Jason in the movie for the test audiences. Or enough sympathy for his storyline.”
A flutter of hope cracks opens in Dean’s chest. “So, best friends who have feelings for one another and who also have a lot of really hot sex, but not with other people.”
For the first time since the start of this stupid out of control argument, Cas doesn’t have a snappy retort.
On reflex, Dean yanks his fist back to throw a punch, but before he succeeds in laying the douchebag out, his knight in grey-tailored armor smoothly intercedes. Somehow, he separates Dean and the jackass in one effortless manoeuvre that manages not to cause a commotion and also quietly extracts Dean from the room.
He wakes, less than four hours later, sheets sticking to his sweat-soaked skin, and chest heaving as though he’d been running flat out. Which, in his dreams, he had been. Chased by demons and ghosts in the form of Alastair and his father. His mother, blonde-haired and delicate, watching impassively from the sidelines. Dean’s subconscious doesn’t win any prizes for subtlety that’s for sure. Dean scrubs his hand across his face, and slides out of bed. Cas, lying star-fished on his back, doesn’t stir, and Dean’s careful not to disturb him. He has more than enough of his own bad dreams to deal with without Dean’s waking him too.
Dean wishes he hadn’t said anything. Not if he’s just going to be treated to another lecture about what a special snowflake he is just because he was unlucky enough to be born an omega.
“Dean,” Cas says again, the note of disapproval in his voice indicating better than anything that he’s back in control of himself.
Because he’s sick of getting poked and prodded and asked a bazillion stupid questions. His nose is sore, his eyes are stinging and he has a thundering headache. All he wants to do is retreat to his room and have a nap.
Cas full-on laughs at him, head thrown back and shoulders shaking. “He is. But I’m not sure how you can make that judgment from what little you saw of him.”
While Dean hasn’t held down a job for a while, it’s not like he’s been sitting on his ass. He’s been active in Ben’s schooling since the kid was in kindergarten, all the way up to his last prom. He’d chaperoned class trips and dances, he’d volunteered for fundraising, and coached little-league and even turned his hand, and feet, to soccer when Ben’s attention switched to that. On top of all that, he’d helped Lisa with the business. When she first started out, he did everything he could from modeling half-naked and sweaty for their advertising campaign to cleaning, answering phones, supervising contractors and woo-ing prospective clients and investors.
Dean doesn’t let him finish. “Cas, he was going to kill me. You, too, if he could have. I wouldn’t have blamed you if you did pound him to a bloody pulp. The only reason I stopped you is because I knew you’d beat yourself up worse afterwards. And trust me, that lowlife talentless piece of crap sure ain’t worth losing any sleep over.”
Medical history, family medical history (no, Dean doesn’t know if his great grandmother was an omega, sue him), education, work, dating, sexual history! And that’s all before the psychological tests (it’s not a test, Dean, just an indicator of your personality type, there are no wrong answers. Pfft… there are always wrong answers in Dean’s experience.)
Dean tugs self-consciously at his flannel shirt, feeling horribly underdressed. Cain is as perfectly put together as always. He’s not wearing a suit jacket but he has on a crisp white shirt, dark tie and a navy vest that skims his body perfectly. If it wasn’t for the way his greying hair fell in wild waves around his face, he might look severe. As it is, he’s intimidating in a way that Dean finds unspeakably hot.
“That’s what I said, Sam.” Dean lays his helmet down on the coffee table in his trailer and combs his fingers through his flattened hair. He probably looks like death warmed over but he did at least make it to the studio on time. He might be a headcase but he tries to be a reliable headcase. He’d driven straight here only to find Sam already waiting for him in his trailer. And one of Cas’s guys standing outside the door. Cas is apparently back at the house in case Dean turned up there.
Dean skips breakfast. In a place like Fairdale, gossip spreads quicker than wildfire and he’s sure his car crash of an outing last night is already common knowledge. He’ll have to show his face sooner or later but later suits him just fine.
“I thought we were done with that scene?” Stuart says, walking up behind Dean and studying the shooting schedule in his hand.
Dean spends over an hour dragging himself across the cement floor. Coughing blood, facing death in the face, falling apart. Every time he glances across at the director’s chair, Marv barely seems to be watching him or the screens. Just keeps calling for more and reset and again and again at suitable intervals. Sam disappeared a while ago with his phone, and Dean’s temper is frayed.
It’s as hard to believe on the third time of telling as it was on the first. Dean suspects it’s going to take some time to get his head around the news. It’s a lot to take in.
When he looks back on it later he won’t remember storming from the house down to the beach. And he certainly won’t remember that the last few stragglers from Cas’ yoga class were still packing up their things.
“No, Dean. Everyone obviously loved you,” Cas points out, as most of the crowd are still on their feet clapping.
“Okay, okay,” Dean says, holding his hands up in surrender. “Jeez, Red, let me finish my breakfast first before you pump me for information.”
Cas elbows Benny in the ribs at the reprobate comment, but Benny only responds by pressing a kiss to his lips.
He’s supposed to be meeting Aiden to study tonight but he’s too scared to leave Sam and Dad alone. If Dad wakes up angry and Sam’s still being a brat, who knows what could happen?
Dean has a drink in his hand. Unfortunately, it’s just a beer. He has an early call time in the morning and no intention of showing up hungover again. He’s a professional despite what anyone else seems to think. Although, if he’d thought he could have persuaded Cas to stop for a carton of Marlboro on the way home he would have a cigarette in his hand too.
Dean rolls his eyes. He’s not in the mood for this crap tonight. All he wants is a few beers, a couple of games of pool, and a little quick and easy fun. He’s really not down for brawling with some drunk hick with a chip on his shoulder. If he wanted to fight rather than fuck, he’d have gone to a less liberal bar looking for a hook-up.
“Well, I’m sorry,” Sam says, although the stubborn pop to his words clearly contradicts that. “But, get this, Dean, Ruby says her cousin, Anna, went to a Den two years ago and her family never heard from her again! They told her parents she’d happily mated with an alpha but if that’s true why didn’t she get back in touch with any of her family?”
“She called me Clarence,” Cas says, ignoring Dean’s sage advice. “When we first met. Didn’t explain why. Not until later when we watched the movie together.”
“I didn’t know you felt like that,” Dean admits, keeping any hint of judgement out of his tone. “You know if you wanted to build bridges... you could talk to Gabe, see if he would talk to her for you.”
Hiding the ridiculously sappy smile on his face, Dean lays his head back down on Cas’s shoulder, content to sit for a while longer in the fading sunshine.
“Dean,” Cas says, a shadow of his normal gravel-pitched voice. Dean forces himself to relax under Cas. Let’s his muscles go lax. He winks up at his boyfriend like they’re at home lying by the pool rather than on a cold bathroom floor.
“Your definition of kissing is not the same as mine. If I didn’t know Castiel was usually such a gentleman I’d be throwing him out right now.”
Dean ignores the stunned-fish expression on Sam’s face and concentrates on Cas’s hand cupping his cheek instead. “I will not leave your side. Not until you walk onto the stage.”
“Yes,” Dean says. “I’m sure, Ellen. I know the timing kind of sucks, but I’m not some clueless kid. I know what I want. What I need. And as long as they’ll have me, it’s them.”
Sam bites his lip, gazes at Dean with those awful weepy eyes. “I don’t want to do it alone, Dean. I need you.”
It’s selfish, but part of him wishes Benny, or Cain, or even by some miracle Cas, would drop by his room. He’s sure by now he’s blown his chances with them, but it sure would be nice to have someone to turn to with this. Someone to at least vent to. And despite himself, he knows their scents would be enough to calm the apprehension twisting in his belly. He’d also be lying if he said a hug right now wouldn’t go amiss.
Garth looks as disappointed as Dean has ever seen him. “You couldn’t just give him another shot? He seemed pretty smitten. Second dates are…”
“Dean!” His father’s voice breaks through the melancholy of the moment. “You better get your ass in gear if you want to make it by nightfall.”
“Then what is it?” Dean asks, confused. A dark thought creeps out of the shadows of his mind. “Is it... is it Alastair? Is he back? Has he hurt someone?” Someone Dean cares about. It’s what he’s been dreading. Alastair finally figuring out the way to get to Dean is through his loved ones.
Cas pouts over his coffee. “I always have very important paperwork. But it can wait. It’s waited this long after all.”
“No, I haven’t,” Dean admits. It’s not something he’s proud of. Ben hasn’t called for over a week and Dean for once is relieved. He doesn’t know how to tell him. And he honestly can’t stand the thought of upsetting his kid while he’s thousands of miles away and Dean can’t even give him a goddamn hug.
Dean has pretty much given up on his sandwich, delicious as it is. He manages two more bites under Cain’s scrutiny before admitting defeat.
Except... Cas is acting weirdly vague. Disappearing to take phone calls when he is with Dean and creeping home late more than once. His behavior isn’t shifty, not exactly. It’s not like he has a normal 9-5 job at the best of times. But, Cas is a crappy liar and Dean’s finely-tuned bullshit detector is pinging. He’d lay good odds that Cas is hiding something. It’s disappointing more than anything. After Dean blew-up about him and Sam going behind his back about the whole Mary thing, he’d hoped that Cas would have stopped with the secret squirrel shit.
Dean’s definitely too drunk for this conversation. “Not your fault,” he says, knocking his elbow against Cas’ arm. “There were plenty of clues for us both to see. I mean, seriously, how many girlie nights did they need when they worked together every damn day. They’ve spent more time together than with us over the past twenty years. Honestly, Meg and Lisa are already more married than Lisa and I ever were.”
He laughs and jokes with Crowley and his co-stars. Idris pretend punches him and that turns into a bearhug that ends up in a burst of flashes as everyone and their best friend takes a flurry of photographs. Dean teases the writers and listens intently, or pretends to, when the producers discuss future movies in the Batman series.
They’re halfway through a take when Marv’s raised voice cuts through the silence. “I asked you for a cappuccino with an extra shot and a dusting of cinnamon, I mean really... how hard is that?”
Then there’s the fact that they’re only just getting to grips with living with each other. Adding sex into the mix would be a recipe for disaster.
“Don’t be an idiot, you’re wasted, pal.” Dean reaches out to pry the car keys out of Gordon’s hand. He doesn’t care if the asshole wants to ruin his life driving drunk but he’s sure as hell not letting the moron endanger anyone else.
“Well,” Ellen says, looking at Dean lying flushed and breathless amongst the dirty plates on top of the table. “I thought you at least might have some self-restraint, Cain.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean says, scrubbing his hand over his jaw. “Me neither. But I can take care of myself. How bad could it possibly be.”
Dean’s dick should not approve of the cheesy dialogue. Definitely not of the daddy kink. He shouldn’t even still be standing there. This is a gross violation of Cas’ privacy. Dean should be ashamed of himself. He still doesn’t move.
He’d skipped out as soon as he saw the chance. Managed to slip out of the grounds with surprising ease. Benny wasn’t lying when he said the security was focused on keeping people out and not in.
Oh… but, that’s one good thing about a party, Dean suddenly realizes. Benny should be there keeping an eye on things and Cain is usually hanging around too, so Dean’s pretty much guaranteed some eye candy for the night. That’s some consolation at least.
The fact that Dean is an omega is not a subject that Dean and his small family often discuss. Or, ever discuss. His biology is something they apparently formed a silent agreement at some point to ignore. Just like they ignore the fact that his dad has been a borderline alcoholic ever since their mom packed up and left when Sam was still a baby. And just like they ignore the fact that Dean has brought Sam up almost single-handedly ever since. Looking after kids was just too much for John Winchester to handle on top of holding down a mechanic’s job and drinking for six hours a day.
“Don’t pretend for one minute that you didn’t love all that parenting crap, Dean,” Lisa snaps at him.
“What?” Dean was expecting Garth to want to talk about what happened with Crowley. He definitely wasn’t expecting that.
Ellen doesn’t wait for an answer, but a chorus of reluctantly amused “yes ma'ams” follows them down the hallway.
The panel is drawing to a close, only time for one, maybe two, last questions. Everyone in the room is pretty relaxed, the atmosphere positive and light. Then suddenly, with one question, the mood flips.
“Meg thinks I am too “easy going” with her,” Cas says, the vodka sloshing up the side of his glass when he uses air quotes. “But she would have rebelled far worse if I’d tried to be strict.”
Dean stands up. He feels nauseous. It could be the straight whisky on top of the shellfish, or it could be the fact that his life has just been ripped out from under his feet.
“Of course. That’s why after the good Lord made normals and alphas, he made omegas; to serve and satisfy the alphas. And to procreate of course.”
their anti-heroes. They need to feel a connection. Marv didn’t understand that. Crowley does. And he trusts his actors to give it to him.
It’s not Dean’s proudest moment and it’s one he’ll look back on and cringe over, but there’s no way to describe his next move other than running away. It’s a new low as far as his social skills go.
“Language,” Missouri tuts. “And of course it is, boy. You’ve been on these inhibitor meds ever since puberty when all your senses should have kicked in. Your doctor should have waited until at least three months after your first heat to prescribe any blockers, or suppressants. I bet they never even talked to you about the possibility of not taking meds. Honestly, the number of omegas I see in here with the same problem is astounding.”
Missouri doesn’t back down. “I’m sure your dad thought he was doing what was best. But like it or not, you’re an omega, Dean, and he should have, at the very least, made sure you understood there was no shame in that. And he damn well should have made sure you understood how your biology and instincts worked. He should have supported you, not tried to pretend you were the same as him.”
Benny laughs. “You ain’t that bad, Dean. Trust me, I’ve seen a few assholes pass through here and you ain’t one of them. Would it help if I said things get better?”
Unfortunately, the only person who drops by is Ellen. And she’s the one person he definitely can’t explain the whole situation to. She’ll be furious and she’ll send Uriel packing rather than let Dean anywhere near him again. But she’s the one who’ll suffer if Zachariah kicks up a fuss, and he will, and Dean won’t let that happen.
Dean near as dammit chokes on his tongue. Cas leans away, a shit-eating grin on his face. And now Dean is realizing how tricky it is to hide a hard-on in leather pants.
“And after numerous attempts to provoke each other into moving out of our jointly owned beach house failed, we decided peaceful cohabitation was our best option for now,” Cas continues.
Benny stills beside him and Dean can almost feel the alpha’s heartbeat racing. “Can I kiss you, darlin?”
“Come now,” Zachariah says, intervening before Dean punches Uriel in the face. “We don’t want a scene, do we? Not here.”
Dean’s never been comfortable in large groups of people, especially large groups of people he doesn’t know well, but over the years he’s become adept at faking it. A couple of drinks helps soothe the worst of his anxiety. Watching Cas drop seamlessly into conversation with Benny’s friends helps too.
Dean bristles under the alpha’s appraising look. And then gives as good as he gets, blatantly looking the man up and down when he stands up. He’s not what you’d call classically good looking. Thinning hair, and a bit of a paunch aren’t attributes Dean finds hot. But Dean would be lying if he said there wasn’t something vaguely attractive about him. Maybe it’s the way he holds himself, his confidence. The way his clothes are tailored, his suit and coat obviously expensive but not flashy or ostentatious. His scent is…. different. It doesn’t make Dean’s mouth water or spike his senses the way other (less available) alphas have, but it doesn’t make him want to throw up either.
“No wives, no kids. No presents under the tree. Huh, no tree.” Dean sighs. “Yeah, I don’t think this is going to go down as one of the better Christmases.”
“Yeah, Dad.” Dean shrugs. “I’ve got to go. You don’t want the Omega Welfare department banging on the door again.”
“Sweet Jesus,” Ellen says, firmly closing the door behind them before Dean has a chance to reply. “I thought I was going to have to go fetch the fire hose to break you two up.”
Cas patiently lets Dean show him photo after photo of his niece, oohing and aahing often enough to appease him, then he persuades Dean to make him a mushroom omelet to make up for throwing out his smelly cheese.
“How dare you,” Uriel says. His eyes are almost popping out of his head, fury turning his scent even more bitter. “You think you can talk to me, a servant of God, like that, you worthless maggot?”
“Fine,” Dean says, rubbing the cold glass against his forehead. “I’ll see you then.” He ends the call before Crowley can reply. Then he messages Charlie. He’s in too crappy a mood to actually talk to her; he doesn’t want to risk biting her head off, but she’s called too many times to ignore.
Dean finishes off his drink and tries to spot Crowley amongst the revelers on the dance floor. The alpha should be easy to pick out seeing as how he was fully dressed when Dean saw him last. Most of the bodies writhing to the music are half dressed at best. There are people fucking, with abandon, while others watch on. There’s a guy wearing a leather harness being led around by a leash attached to his dick. A woman bent over a table being spanked ruthlessly with a wooden paddle.
Truthfully, he’s really fucking confused. He doesn’t know what’s happening. Doesn’t know why Cas is doing this. If he’s just horny. Or lonely. Or didn’t buy Dean a Christmas present and decided an orgasm was the perfect last-minute gift.
“Mm, a bitch as beautiful as you gives a girl naughty ideas,” Abaddon purrs, licking a stripe up the side of his face. “I’ve been looking for a new plaything. You ever taken a knot before, baby? I bet you’ve not taken one like mine. It’ll break you open forever.”
Cas shakes his head, mouth an unhappy line. He looks like he wants to punch someone to find out the answer to that question. “Security are holding him for now. I want to go and see what his story is before the police take him away.” Cas turns to Dean, his hand coming up to gently squeeze the back of his neck, reassuring, grounding. “Stay with Sam and Charlie, and my men, okay?”
Not when Cas is over there on that sun lounger looking hot as sin in just a tiny pair of swim shorts. The rare sight of his tattoos on full display under the light of the sun does weird things to Dean’s belly. Not in an ‘I shouldn’t have eaten that last burrito’ kind of way but in a ‘holy fuck I can’t believe anyone this hot could love me’ kind of way. It suddenly seems ridiculous that they’re both lying out in the sun half naked and they aren’t touching.
“Okay, then, if we’re quite finished with the angsting over imaginary problems, do you want to do this now?”
He doesn’t expect Abaddon to strike out, or for her to do it with such a breathtaking turn of speed. Her hand catches him across the mouth, his head snaps to the side, and he stumbles into the wall. He bounces back quickly, he thinks, fists raised, ready to throw punches, but it’s practically all over by then.
The driver drops Sam off at his home first. Sam hesitates for a moment before climbing out of the car, but does nothing more than shake his head and glare at Dean before slamming the door behind him. Dean thinks he might hurl. He’s not sure whether it’s because of the nicotine or Sam.
“Dessert,” Cain announces dramatically. And produces, with a magician’s flourish, from under another cloche, the most delicious looking pie.
Then Dean turns to Zachariah. “And if you try and fuck with Ellen, I’ll make sure everyone knows what a creep you are. Does the welfare agency approve of you being a member of this Alpha-supremacist church? Do they know?”
“At that age, I was the most buttoned-up, straight-laced student you could have met and adamant I was going to become a priest.”
but it’s not like he can disagree. And it’s true that Lisa and Meg both work incredibly hard. Even now that their business is well established nationwide and has made them both millionaires a dozen times over, the pair of them still put in as many hours as ever. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that Lisa spends far more time with her business partner than with Dean. Not the Dean grudges it, of course. He’s happy to support Lisa in whatever she does.
on the stove. Given Cas’ panicked reaction to the flames billowing from the pan, Dean thinks that one might have been an accident.
When the opportunity arose to play him, Dean jumped at the chance. The screenplay was well written, the dialogue snappy; the movie promised to be spectacular. In retrospect, he should have taken a minute to think about how playing out his death scene would affect him, and Cas. And when there was a last-minute change of director in favor of Marv Metatron, he should have listened to Sam and backed out.
Sam’s expression, as Dean expected, thaws into something far too sympathetic for comfort. “Dean,” he starts to say. Dean holds his hand up and stops him in his tracks. He doesn’t want to hear it.
Dean’s heart sinks. That’s not exactly what he wanted to hear. He scowls at Cas, and Jesus fucking Christ on a pogo stick, the dork is still wearing the damn Santa hat. Dean grabs a dishcloth and scrubs some of the tacky mess from his face, wincing when rubs a bit too hard over his bruised jaw. “Bit fucking late now, Cas.”
“Exactly. He planted them knowing I’d take one,” Dean grumbles. “Anything could have happened. I could have died.”
Cas doesn’t look appeased. “Just because I don’t always conform to society’s norms does not make me a deviant.”
Dean thought that of the three alphas, Cain would be the hardest for him to talk to. Not because he isn’t interested in the alpha but because his words have a habit of drying up when Cain looks directly at him. One glance from Cain and Dean feels like a teenager with a crush on his teacher. And after last night, Dean feels even more like a dumb kid in front of the man. But as they polish off their burgers, Cain manages to put him at ease. And not by merely ignoring the events of the previous night. He doesn’t lecture, doesn’t scold, he talks to Dean as an equal, not in any way patronizing. He explains that he’s had dealings with Abaddon before and couldn’t stand the woman even before she tried to attack Dean.
Cas blinks. And shivers. A tremor rippling through his body so hard that Dean feels his own heart stutter.
The alphas aren’t unaffected. They can hear his labored breaths, see his flushed skin, doubtless smell his arousal building to a peak. Cain is managing to keep his composure well enough, or doing a good job of faking it, but Benny and Cas keep edging closer to Dean, noses in the air and bulges very obvious in their pants.
Cas breathes in deep, inhaling Dean’s scent. “Dean,” he groans, lips brushing against Dean’s neck. “God, you smell—”
The jab doesn’t get the expected response. Instead of the ‘jerk’ Sam would normally throw his way, Sam’s voice takes on a gentle tone that immediately raises Dean’s hackles. “Yeah, I do, because I remember how badly he punished you afterward.”
“And this is your idea of fun?” Dean looks around at the gathering of people. Half-naked bodies pressed together, the smell of hard liquor, sweat and sex hanging heavy in the air. Dean can’t even tell what or who he’s smelling. The club might be full of normals or mixed with alphas and omegas. All Dean can scent is sex. And lust. Pure unadulterated desire.
“Thanks.” Dean’s surprised at how relieved he is to hear Cas say that. But, Ben’s pretty much the only thing in his life that Dean considers he got right. “I appreciate that. And, y’know, ditto. Claire’s a fucking spitfire. She’s gonna go far.”
He doesn’t have a destination in mind, not consciously, but he finds himself drawn towards the sea, riding on roads as near the coast as he can.
Only once Dean has relaxed underneath him does Cas stop kissing and start talking. “You are quite possibly the most infuriating man I have ever had the good fortune to meet. And I think that jumping into a serious relationship this quickly after a failed marriage is a monumentally bad idea, especially given the circumstances. But… but when I thought you were going to leave with Benny and Carmen I was inordinately jealous. And… and I knew you were watching me that night with Alfie, I heard you come in, and it didn’t make me want to stop, it made me fuck him harder wishing it was you. The reason I didn’t go to my mother’s today was because I couldn’t bear the thought of you spending Christmas Day on your own because you… you’re not the only one with feelings.”
It’s a dickish reply. Dean takes a breath and tries to reign in his impatience, reminding himself none of this is Max’s fault. “Look, it’s fine. Call whoever you need to call and tell them you told me not to go and I went anyway. This isn’t on you.”
Dean’s irritation gives him the shot of bravery to keep pushing. “Maybe McCrevey will give you your job back, Dad. Or you could find another one even. There’s Hamilton’s garage at the other end of town.”
“Or perhaps they’re thinking about selling up.” Cas hazards another guess. “Meg has been talking about traveling lately. I suspect hearing all about Claire’s trip is making her yearn for some adventure of her own. Meg and Lisa did start up the business straight after graduating from college after all. Perhaps they’ve decided to make some changes, reprioritize, now we’re all getting a little older.”
“It’s not a crappy movie,” Dean grumbles. Pins and needles are shooting down his arms, his knees are jelly and he’s lost all feeling in his hands; his body needs a few minutes to find its equilibrium. But more than that, he needs some peace and privacy. A little time alone to shake Jason Todd from his head.
“No,” Dean says, taking another drink before turning back around and setting his glass carelessly down on top of the settlement papers. “Thanks, Sam, but no thanks. Like you said, I need to sort my shit out. I don’t think running away is going to solve anything, do you?”
It would have only taken one, had the last stragglers from Cas’ class not been three octogenarians with two bad hips and a dodgy back between them.
“Just, you didn’t show up for breakfast, and Garth said you were fine, but… your face, Dean, are you okay?”
“So, boys,” Crowley appears from nowhere, slinging his arm around Dean's shoulders. “We survived another battle.”
And if they decide they don’t need an omega, not one as awkward and uncomfortable in his skin as Dean, what then?
Dean attempts to keep his voice level. “The last-minute change of schedule wasn’t my fault. Plus, there’s security on set. There always is. You know that.”
Cas takes Dean’s hand, slips their fingers together, tentatively at first until Dean grips on tight.
Benny’s right about that. And maybe about the sticking around thing too. For a few days at least. Like Benny said, what does Dean have to lose?
A fresh tee-shirt clinging to his still slightly shower-damp skin, Dean grabs a bottle of Cas’ favorite vodka from the refrigerator and goes in search of his sparring partner. He finds him slumped on the battered leather sofa in his art studio. Dean knocks on the open door to get Cas’ attention.
Missouri humphs and crosses her arms over her chest. Dean figures if he doesn’t start talking, he isn’t escaping her clutches any time soon.
“And what about the stunts you’ve pulled, Dean? Don’t act like you’re an innocent party in this whole stupid business.”
Benny must see something change in his face because he backs off, just a step, but enough room for Dean to take a breath, get his racing heart under control.
Looking back, Dean wouldn’t change any of the decisions he made. Not the ones involving Ben at least. Dean’s done a lot of stupid shit in his life but being Ben’s dad and being around to bring him up was a goddamn privilege.
Dean doesn’t care. Not today. He’s not even sure why he’s going on this stupid date, other than the fact Garth didn’t give him the chance to say no.
Cain, to his credit, meets her unimpressed glare head on. “We were discussing dessert,” he tells her. “Dean seems to have a preference for pie.”
“They won’t be able to trace me. They won’t even be looking for me. I was far enough back when he drove over that cliff that I’m not even a witness. As far as they’re concerned, I'm nothing more than another ghoulish tourist rubbernecking at a crime scene. And afterwards, I cleaned out the hotel room he was staying in.” Cas shudders, and Dean doesn’t even want to consider what Cas found in that room that could make him turn that deathly shade of pale. “I grabbed his laptop, removed anything and everything connecting him to you. Anything that might hint to his real identity. It’s over. I promise.”
“Ok-ay,” Sam says, slowly, staring at him like he’s an unexploded bomb. “But are we gonna talk about how you took off on that deathtrap motorcycle without your cell? About how you stayed out all night? Y’know, Cas has been worried sick, Dean. We all have.”
Benny gives him a wry smile and a soft chuckle that goes a little way towards easing the tension stringing across Dean’s shoulders. “She sure does like to have everything written down. But I’ll tell you, the welfare agents are pretty anal about this omega/alpha stuff. Ellen likes to make sure she runs a clean house so there’s no question of anyone else taking over the Den. She’s one of the good ones, brother, I promise you that.”
Charlie slaps his shoulder. “Don’t be like that. I’m just surprised. Alpha and omega biology is usually covered at least basically in most schools.”
And then he kisses Cain until Cain finally unclenches and kisses him back. And then he tries desperately to hang on to any shred of self-respect he has and not come in his pants when Cain lifts him up and lays him back over the table, mouthing at his neck. Dean responds enthusiastically and loudly, dragging Cain down on top of him and wrapping his legs around the alpha’s hips. Whimpers and breathy moans fill the room as they rut and grind against each other, quickly working themselves up into a fervor.
After Cas leaves though, while he’s drinking a cold beer and watching the ocean lapping up against the shoreline, Dean mulls over Cas’ words. Sam had said something similar. They’re both right. Dean does need to decide what he wants.
Dean isn’t entirely sure that they do. Alfred departing words of wisdom. A brooding Batman mourning the loss of his once young charge, staring forlornly at a Robin costume that won’t be worn by Jason Todd ever again. The Red Hood either dead or disappeared. The Joker laughing maniacally. It all seems pretty run of the mill for a Batman movie. “We do?”
Dean licks his lips, nothing more than a nervous tick, but Cas’ eyes track the movement with undisguised interest.
Cas coughs and grabs Dean’s hand. “Well, that’s… different. Oh, look, I think Sebastian just swallowed a crab.”
The old guy stumbles towards Dean, yellowed finger jabbing at his chest. “Listen you little faggot—”
Dad, bad mouths him. Sam’s a good kid, the fucking best. And if Dad laid a single hand on him, Dean would punch him out.
do while your wife was busy building her business empire? Stay home with the kids? Change diapers and braid hair? Were you a soccer mom?” He’s laughing outright now, even though he’s the only one who thinks it’s funny. “Did you spend your time doing laundry and visiting the beauty salon to keep yourself pretty?”
Turning around, Dean smiles, all harmless boy next door charm and shiny white teeth. “Yes Sir, can I help you?
“I think.” Dean coughs, blood spraying from his mouth. His voice is hoarse and broken but he carries on regardless. “I think he’ll hunt you down and rip... rip you apart.”
Cas glances at his watch, and squints at Dean, as though he’s the one responsible for making time tick forward. “We
Dean very nearly walks straight back out again. If he hadn’t promised Garth he’d give this guy a proper shot, he would. He settles on rolling his eyes and crossing his arms over his chest.
Dean’s gobsmacked. This was never an option he’d considered. Not in his wildest dreams. Not even in his wildest spank-bank scenarios. Well, maybe in his
Cas gives Dean’s hand a reassuring squeeze before releasing it, and striding up to Zachariah. “I’ve already talked to Omega Welfare Services, and trust me, they are far more interested in the fact you used your position of authority to blackmail an omega into accepting a date with your friend. And that you are an active recruiting member of a church that’s facing a number of criminal allegations.”
Tonight though, Dean just wants a few hours to relax. To act like a normal 21yr old. Maybe hustle a few bucks at the pool table while he’s at it. Dad’s been gone for over a month. Sam’s stressing about exams, and, as usual, Dean’s stressing about money. If he had any sense, he’d be putting in an extra shift at the gas station, but he’s not had a night off in weeks, and a guy has to let off steam occasionally.
He’s not sure what signals he’s sending out, what Cain is picking up from his scent, but the alpha’s eyes darken and he watches intently when Dean licks his lips.
Cas’s face flits through a multitude of emotions, but ends in a wide grin that would make Dean’s heart skip a beat if it wasn’t already having palpitations. It’s a wonder he hasn’t keeled over with a coronary yet. He tangles his arms around Cas’s neck, presuming that Cas will save them both from toppling to the floor in an expensive crunch of metal.
“Benny, I’m… I’m a fuck-up,” Dean says, screwing up his nose, confused. “No one wants me. I’m… too big and too dumb and…”
Dean at least manages to take his own weight as he flips on the light and shuffles the few steps to the sofa while Crowley fetches him a glass of water. Dean guesses now isn’t the time to suggest something stronger, even though he’s sure whisky would do more to calm his racing heartbeat. He does rake through his jacket pockets searching for his cigarette pack. There should be one or two left. Nicotine might just help.
“You...” Marv turns back to face Dean, his face swallowed up by an ugly red flush. “I’ll... I’ll ruin you. I’ll make sure no one ever works with you again, you son of a whore. I’ll— “
“This isn’t a movie, Dean.” Cas cuts him off sharply. “This is real life. I saw it with my own eyes. God, I can still smell the smoke on my clothes. He’s dead. Even a cockroach like Alastair wouldn’t be able to survive that inferno.”
“The make-up team are gonna love you,” he points out, shoving his hands in his pockets and leaning back against the closed door in a not-so subtle sign that he’s staying.
Crowley’s Hellfire Club does have a select clientele, and Dean imagines they’re all pretty fucking loaded, but they sure as hell aren’t talking about stock prices now.
Dean thought Dens were safe places for omegas to find a match. He didn’t realize alphas had to pay for the privilege. It makes him feel a little like a cheap whore, even if he’s not the one the money is going to. At least Ellen has made it very clear there is to be no physical contact, definitely not on the first date. A handshake, she says, is the limit.
“She wanted to help,” Cas says, meeting Dean’s irate gaze head on now. “You know her, she wanted to find that bastard as much as anyone, and she’s not easy to say no to.”
Cas just stares at him for a second, head tilted to the side and eyes squinting against the sun. Dean’s waiting for his normal response that what he did was too little, too late, but Cas’s years of therapy and weirdo mindfulness crap is apparently finally paying off because he lets Dean’s stout defense of his actions go with just a small nod.
“Maybe not, dear boy,” Crowley says. “But at least with my undoubted talent and your pretty face we can rest assured that the movie won’t suck balls.”
Crowley’s not as much as tried to kiss Dean yet. He’s not even tried to hold Dean’s hand. Dean’s not complaining, but he is a little puzzled. He can’t figure out what Crowley’s angle is. If he’s really interested in Dean, and just taking things slow, or if he’s playing some kind of game.
“Abaddon.” Cain’s voice is devoid of emotion and that’s way more terrifying than any of Abaddon’s spiteful threats. “Let him go.”
The weight of the three alphas staring at him is too much. Dean’s way out of his depth, and the smell that seems to be growing heavier as it envelops him is driving him out of his mind. He’s never wanted to drop to his knees for an alpha before, never wanted to do anything with an alpha before, but it’s taking all Dean’s willpower right now just to stay upright.
Cas and Benny who appear from just behind her, grin knowingly as Cain helps Dean down from the table onto the floor, brushing out the worst of the wrinkles from the back of Dean’s flannel as he steadies him on his feet.
“Jesus, Cas put some damn clothes on, this isn’t a freaking strip club.” Dean isn’t thrilled when his voice comes out as a squeak, but he doesn’t need to see a naked ass in the middle of his kitchen. Even one as firm as Cas apparently has.
Garth’s eyes widen and he looks about two seconds away from breaking out Mr. Fizzles to warn Dean all about the dangers of alcohol.
He knows Uriel is an asshole, but he doesn’t expect the alpha to grab him, not right there on the street.
“Whatever you want it to be,” Benny says, which isn’t exactly helpful. “Last night made one thing clear for us all; we want you. And we sure don’t want any other alpha thinking they can put their hands on you. You deserve much more, darlin’.”
Dean absentmindedly rinses it and loads it into the dishwasher. He feels bad for Cas. Christmas is going to suck this year, there’s no question about it. It’s the first year without their wives. Without their kids. Without the family traditions they’ve built up over the past eighteen years. Dean was planning on ignoring the whole festive season, to be honest. He doesn’t want to think about how many Christmases he spent with Lisa not knowing she was cheating on him.
“You think?” Dean says, pretending to take a drink of his coffee before placing the cup back down on the table between them. His stomach is rolling too much just seeing Lisa again to cope with coffee. He doesn’t want his wife, soon to be ex, to know that though.
Charlie scans the crowded room. “Well, there’s all of us residents. And there are most of the alphas who are currently courting or want to be courting us. And then there’s the staff and some of their partners. Friends of the Den, and by that, I mean people who give us donations. Oh, and there’s an agent from the Omega Welfare Services. They like to keep their beady eyes on us.”
When hunger pangs force Dean to venture down the stairs a couple of hours later, Cas is doing naked yoga in the living room. Despite his stomach rumbling angrily at him, he retreats, tripping back up the stairs so quickly he almost face-plants. He didn’t need to see Cas naked in that position. Hell, he doesn’t even think he’s seen Lisa naked in that position. He doubts he’s going to be able to look the guy in the eye ever again.
Dean stands by the side of the road for hours, thinking himself in circles. By the time the sun starts to rise, the one thing he has decided is that he needs a break. Not in ten months or a year. But now. He’s going to finish these reshoots with Crowley but then he’s taking some time off. He hates letting people down, and he’s not sure how much it’s going to cost, financially or in bad publicity, but he doesn’t really care either.
“Jesus, of course you’ll see me again.” Dean hauls his brother in for a hug, swallowing the lump of emotion in his throat. And dammit, was his brother actually bigger than him now? “You’ll never get rid of me, kiddo. No matter how hard you try.”
Crowley presses a drink into his hand. “Relax, darling. Ellen isn’t going to kick you out of that ridiculous place. Although why you care is beyond me. We both know you aren’t cut out to be one of those simpering omega idiots who isn’t happy unless they have a mate and a litter of squalling pups. Life is for living. For having some bloody fun while we’re here.”
Dean’s withholding judgment on them all however, until he figures out exactly how this set-up works.
Cas chases him along the beach, both of them laughing like idiots. When Cas trips Dean up sending him tumbling down to the ground,and gaining a face full of sand, Dean only laughs harder, and when Cas reaches down to help him up, he yanks his hand and drags Cas on top of him. Cas’ hair is wild, his cheeks pink and brilliant eyes bright with laughter.
“A brawl might have made me feel more at home, to be honest,” Dean admits. “He ain’t exactly the first guy to think it’s okay to put his hands on me.” It’s weird how much this guy’s scent, and the surprisingly soft cadence of his voice, is doing to ease the pain behind his eyes. “How’d you know who I am anyway?”
“They’re good people though,” he adds when it’s clear Dean’s not going to comment. “Carmen helped Benny through his shit-show of a divorce. His ex Andrea screwed him over good. Took his house, half his cash, even his damn dog. Benny tells me you’re recently divorced too?”
“No, I’ve told you before, Jeb. I don’t stand for that kind of language in my bar. Once you’ve sobered up, you can come back tomorrow with an apology and I might just serve you.”
“How? When? Are you sure?” Dean’s having trouble breathing. The room blurring at the edge of his vision.
Dean still thinks Cas is a bit of a slob and Cas is still firmly of the opinion that Dean needs to ease the stick out of his ass, but they usually balance each other out. Cas is pretty handy when it comes to getting rid of spiders. And while he’s still useless at loading the dishwasher, or emptying it, or knowing how to turn it on, and he does have a habit of wandering around mostly (or entirely) naked, he does warn Dean when the gummy bears in the kitchen cabinet are edibles.
Halfway through the panel there’s another promo clip for the movie, one that’s a Slipknot-concert eardrum-shattering level of loud and ends with Jason Todd astride his motorcycle, speeding out of an exploding building, fiery debris raining down around him. It’s pretty fucking spectacular.
“And they’re adorable,” Cas says, and then coughs awkwardly. “Anyway, I’m heading out soon, so…” he draws out the ‘
Dean can’t even be mad at her. She’s been one of the few bright spots in this whole hellish experience. Charlie has been a resident at Fairdale for four months already and she had immediately adopted Dean when he’d turned up for his first meal in the dining room wearing a Batman tee-shirt. She’d spent the entire meal lecturing Dean on all the ways Batman was a poor excuse for a Superhero before going on to divulge all the information Garth and Ellen had neglected to mention. Such as the fact, the food in the dining hall is always to die for, but the pies especially are absolute heaven.
“Yet,” Dean adds, in acknowledgement. “It’s just cool to have someone to hang out with that doesn’t treat me like some poor defenseless chick. No offence.”
Mary bites at her lip before admitting. “And someone emailed me. Anonymously. Told me that you would be amenable to meeting me. Sent me Sam’s home address. I figured… maybe it was a friend of yours.”
He does sneak a cigarette out of the pack he has hidden in the bottom of his duffel bag and creep outside to smoke it.
“I said no, Dean,” Dad yells, advancing on him. “And I don’t think I’m liking this new disrespectful attitude of yours. Maybe it’s just as well we’re leaving. You need to stop hanging around with those asshole kids. I saw that boy with red hair smoking the other day behind the store. I tell you now, I ever catch you smoking I’ll break your damn fingers.”
“You are so lucky,” a woman is saying to him. Debbie, Dean’s pretty sure is her name. Younger than her conservative dress style and severe hairstyle suggest, and so painfully condescending that Dean is seriously considering faking going into heat just to get rid of her. “We’ve been telling Uriel for years he should mate. But the preacher is so busy spreading the word of the Lord, he’s never taken the time to find himself a nice omega to settle down with.”
“I think we should perhaps continue this inside,” Cas says, wiping his fingers on Dean’s towel before leaning over him and pressing a bruising kiss to the crook of his neck. “On a bed. With real lube.”
“So, what, I should just settle for some alpha that I don’t hate, just in case I come down with an illness?”
Dean sneezes six times in a row. There’s something about Garth’s scent that irritates the hell out of his nose. And the dude isn’t even an omega or an alpha. He’s a damn normal. Rude or not, Dean’s about one more sneeze away from telling the guy to change his aftershave,
“The beach house,” Dean says, glaring at Lisa until she stands aside and lets him pass. He hadn’t actually thought about where he was going until she asked. But the beach house is as good a place as any to hide out.
“Charlie, I don’t even know if I want to spend the rest of my life with one alpha. Maybe that’s the problem.”
“So,” Sam says, leading Dean from the booth. “Cas called. Apparently, that nutcase was one of Marv’s buddies. He worked on the movie until Crowley fired him. Turns out his weapon was just a replica. Cas is still talking to him, but he thought we’d want to know that he’s just a harmless wacko with a grudge.”
It’s been less than five minutes since he was called, they’re still setting up, and Dean’s not late. He keeps his mouth shut though.
“Your bees?” Dean looks at him for the first time. And god, he looks as good as he smells. And his smile, worried as it is, makes Dean’s heart skip a beat.
A couple of days after the party his senses level out. To his relief, Dean can finally leave his room without feeling like his nose is under attack and his head is in danger of exploding. His sense of smell has improved just like Charlie said it would, but the aromas around him are not as overpowering or invasive as they were. Smells are sharper, clearer; he can pick out the cinnamon and nutmeg amongst the apple and buttery pie crust when they serve dessert in the dining room, but the jars of flowers on the tables no longer turn him into a sneezing wreck.
Dean barely manages to tear himself away from her to fly home again. It’s the closest he’s come to wondering if it wouldn’t be so bad to move across the country and make a fresh start.
“Perhaps you could think about giving her a chance. For Sam’s sake if nothing else. For Elle’s sake too. It would be nice if she had more family in her life.”
“For the record,” Cas says, sitting back down and motioning for Dean to join him. “I don’t think you’re a bad parent. I am aware that you were Ben’s main caregiver and you’ve done a good job of raising him. He is a credit to you.”
“Marv’s got a real bug up his ass,” Stuart confides to Sam, under his breath, either so Dean can’t hear or on the off-chance some of Marv’s faithful lapdogs don’t get wind of his bitching. Marv has a few favorite hangers-on but most of the crew can’t stand his attitude. He’s already laid into a PA and a rigger today for questioning his orders. Dean’s gonna make sure they’re okay just as soon as his legs can hold him up and his head stops buzzing.
Dean jerks his arm out of Uriel’s hold. “I’m not a goddamn virgin,” he snarls back, which isn’t the most outrageous thing Uriel just said but Dean is getting sick of repeating himself. “And I’d rather shoot myself in the face than kneel at your feet, you delusional prick.”
Dean heard someone say that once to Dad. He thought it was stupid at that time. He still does. But it’s not like he knows why their mom left him. For all he knows it
“Oh, kiddo, if I had the time I would, but I fear time is something neither of us have much of. What do you think the big man’ll do when he finds your lifeless body? You think he’ll cry for you? You think he’ll kill for you? Seek revenge?”
He grabs his wallet and his keys, and is compiling a to-do list in his head while he heads out to where the Impala is sitting in the driveway. The beach house does have a generous double garage, but Cas’ hideously boring Prius is in there along with the kid’s old bikes, and a heap of Lisa’s clothes and crap that Dean had shoved into trash bags. He mentally adds cleaning out the garage to his list of chores.
Cas rains a litany of kisses across the ridge of Dean’s shoulder blades and then the heat of his body drifts away as he shuffles further down the lounger and his fingers inch a little lower. Sliding under the waistband of Dean’s perfectly respectable swim shorts. Massaging lotion into the meat of Dean’s ass despite the fact he’s unlikely to catch the sun there.
Dean doesn’t know what to make of that. Or of this guy. This alpha. Now that Dean’s heart rate has slowed back down to normal and he actually takes in the man that sneaked up on him, he can tell the dude’s an alpha, one with a surprising but decidedly pleasant mellow scent. And the brightest blue eyes Dean has ever seen.
The lights go up slightly and the panel begins. Crowley rambles on for a few minutes before the panel guests start taking questions from the floor. Dean lets a couple of people go first as planned, then, fighting to keep his hand from shaking, takes the mic that Sam discretely passes him, stands and asks his question. He feels Cas tense at his side, and Charlie nearly bubbling over with excitement at his other.
It feels weird at first to push a finger in his ass but it slides in so easily now that he’s slicking up that Dean soon shoves in another alongside, moaning softly when he discovers how good it makes him feel. It’s awkward fucking himself with one hand and jerking off with the other, and he can only imagine how obscene he looks with his knees bent up and feet spread wide, toes digging into the bed sheet as his body shudders and shakes with a fast-approaching orgasm. It’s the thought of his alphas seeing him like this, the thought that it might actually happen rather than just be a far-fetched fantasy, that makes Dean clamp down around the fingers in his ass and spill his load, fast and hard enough that he pretty much blacks-out.
“I guess we’re about to find out,” Dean says, spotting Lisa and Meg walking through the door. He stands up and gives a small —dorky— wave to attract Lisa’s attention towards their table.
Dean scowls. “I didn’t pee the bed. And Daddy only yelled because he told you not to drink all that water before bedtime and you did anyways.”
It used to be Dean would scarf them all down without a second thought, but since he hit forty this past year his waistline isn’t quite as forgiving as it used to be, as Lisa is constantly reminding him. She has a way of scrunching up her nose that conveys her disappointment far more effectively than mere words could every time she sees Dean eating anything related to a carb.
“You don’t worry it would hurt your career? Flaunting the fact that you’re in a relationship with a man?”
Dean looks at his watch, and then looks back up at the door, then back to his watch, and then back to the empty chairs around the table.
Dean sighs. “I’m sorry.” He is. Taking potshots at Garth is cheap. The guy’s as soft and cheesy as Velveeta, but his heart is mostly in the right place.
Dean shifts, slick already soaking into his panties as his alpha’s scents turn predatory and they herd him towards the door.
Dean muffles his moan against his arm. And then is forced to do the same with his scream as Cas drags Dean’s shorts down to his thighs and unexpectedly squirts more cold lotion down the cleft of his ass.
Yes, Dean does want the comfort of having his brother beside him during all this, but he’s not a completely selfish asshole. “No, Sam, don’t bother. I know you’re busy and you’re saving your vacation days for when Eileen pops.”
“You’re a dick,” Dean huffs, cheeks heating up as he looks around and tries to inconspicuously adjust himself in his pants.
Dean’s stomach swoops but he doesn’t have time to react before Mary rushes into the room. She’s flustered, obviously, her hair bursting loose from its ponytail and face flushed. Jess leaves as suddenly as she appeared, shutting the door softly behind her, blocking any drama from reaching Elle’s young ears. Dean tries not to react to the fact that Mary knows where Sam lives. That she’s obviously been here before.
Cas slams his hand out and shoves the door shut when Dean opens it. “Stop running away and listen to me.”
“Possibly slightly longer now that you interrupted me. It may take me a while to get back in the zone.”
“I didn’t,” she insists, eyes flitting to Cas and back to Dean. Dean isn’t going to explain who Cas is or waste time on introductions. If she knows anything about them, she already knows who he is anyway.
“I know,” Cas says, his fingers combing through Dean’s hair like he’s petting a big old cat. “And we’re not trying to be overbearing.”
He swithers over taking some of the gifts Lisa gave him over the years. In the end, he takes a few. A couple of stupidly expensive watches that he secretly loves, a painting he fell in love with when they were on vacation in Europe a few years back and the first edition Vonnegut she gave him for Christmas about eleven years ago.
Cas growls at the “little” part of Dean’s statement, but Ellen grabs hold of Dean’s arm and drags him away before he can retaliate in any way.
Dean tries not to hide his dick behind his hands. He told Alastair he was a professional model; he needs to stop acting like a scared kid. “Where do you want me?”
The appliance of alcohol eases the tension somewhat. Especially once Gordon excuses himself and heads off towards the bar, his expression stormy.
“Dean, calm down,” Sam says. “Yelling isn’t achieving anything. We came here to discuss this like adults. You’re not even giving her a chance.”
“An illness that might kill you. Slowly and painfully. And no… you shouldn’t settle. But you shouldn’t be wasting your time with someone you know isn’t a possible mate either.”
While Ben was at school, Dean would spend days at the house, replacing roof tiles, or sanding floors, tiling, painting, plumbing, doing anything that needed to be done. Cas chose to spend evenings working away replacing doors and stairs and making a fuckton of sawdusty mess with Claire hanging around ‘helping’.
He spends the rest of the day moping in his bedroom. But he tells himself that this is it. The last day he’s going to sit around feeling sorry for himself. He needs to figure out a plan. Where he’s going to go from here. So what, he’s a forty-year-old soon-to-be divorcee without a career or a direction in life, it could be worse. At least he has his car, a roof over his head, and some money in the bank. He’s been in far worse situations in his life. As John Winchester would say, he needs to man the fuck up already. Although if he followed John Winchester’s example he’d spend the next twenty years drowning in a bottle of scotch and ignoring his family, so maybe his father's advice isn’t something he should focus on.
“I’d rather eat my own eyeballs than listen to that arrogant asswipe brag about his collection of ancient weapons again,” Dean tells her. “And by the way, there’s only one reason a man brags about the size of his blade and it’s not because he has a giant d— “
“I didn’t know,” Mary insists, and now her eyes are watering and Dean doesn’t want to see her cry. Doesn’t want the fucking deja-vu. “I didn’t know he’d leave.”
Bottle of whisky still gripped in his hand, Dean storms up to their bedroom, grabs a bag from the closet, and starts shoving things in it randomly. He doesn’t have a clue what he’s doing, just knows that he has to get out of this house and away from Lisa before he breaks down completely.
As Dean knew, even given a little breathing room away from Cas’ intoxicating scent, he’s still determined he wants to spend his heat with Cas, Benny and Cain. What he said to Cas was true. He doesn’t want to spend this heat alone. Not if he can help it. And maybe this thing with these alphas won’t work out, maybe they’ll figure out sooner rather than later that Dean doesn’t have much to offer. That he’s cut a little strange, has too many jagged edges to be the final piece of their puzzle. But, if he can have them for a few days, that’s better than nothing.
“This ain’t the time for a lecture, Cain,” Benny cuts in. “Come on, darlin’, give us something to work with here. What do you want this first time?”
“It’s my name, darling,” the alpha drawls. “Introductions are the norm at these types of things, yes?”
His suspicions are echoed by Debbie and Annie in Make-Up and Donnie, the hairdresser. “Sweetheart,” Donnie says, running his fingers through Dean’s hair like he’s petting a kitten, “everyone and their poodle knows Marv has lost his mind. It’s a miracle the studio has let him muddle on this long. There’s a lot of money riding on this movie.”
“We have heat rooms,” Ellen points out. “You could spend the next few days in one of them. They have everything you need, and Missouri and I will be on hand to make sure you’re okay.”
Despite Sam acting like this is nothing out of the ordinary, Dean has a feeling the shit is about to hit the fan.
“You were gone. I came back and you were gone. There was another family in our home, the garage was closed down and you boys and John had just disappeared. And no-one could or would tell me where you were.”
He expects Sam to bitch about his drinking, but all he does is ask for a beer. That’s when Dean knows for sure that Sam really is just as stressed as he is about this whole thing.
Last day of reshoots starts with Cas wrapped around like him an octopus. It takes Dean all his strength to extract himself and switch off his obnoxious alarm. Cas grumbles sleepily and drags Dean back into his clutches. Dean is content to let him. He doesn’t know whether it’s because he was just flat-out exhausted or if Alastair’s fiery death has eased the constant fear he’s been living with, but he had the best night sleep he’s had in forever.
Cas’ gentled tone makes Dean’s stomach turn. He turns around to face Cas, forcing the smile to stay on his face even though the tension in his shoulders is probably unmistakable. “I’m wiped, Cas. Just want to hit the hay. You think we could leave it?”
Cas’ cock puts Lisa’s fake one to shame. And though his mouth is watering and his dick is crushing hard against his zipper, Dean’s nerves must be obvious.
“Stop what, Sammy? You don’t think it’s weird that she turned up out of the blue like this? That after twenty-five years of radio silence she suddenly comes calling?”
“You’re joking, right? This is a joke?” Dean says, looking around the table. “I don’t get it, but it is a joke. Right?”
Benny squeezes Dean’s neck. “I’m gonna get us all another drink,” he says. “You think about it, brother. No pressure. No harm no foul if you say no. But I sure hope you say yes. I’ve been dreaming about those goddamn illegal lips of yours since the first day I saw you walk into my gym.”
“I’m sorry, the next time I find you in my living room lying in a pool of liquor, I’ll just pretend you aren’t there,” Cas, the condescending prick, says, before stalking out of the room without a backward glance.
“Sorry, everyone,” Dean says, louder this time, not just for Cas’s ears. “I guess the Red Hood’s just a little too twisted up in my melon right now, huh?” Dean laughs, it’s not his best acting, but it cracks the danger-edged atmosphere. There’s an almost audible exhalation of held breath.
“Did you see the tiny Wonder Woman?” Charlie asks, bouncing on the balls of her feet. “She was freaking adorable. And that Iron Man outfit was insane!”
He showered in his trailer, washed away the dirt and death of Jason Todd. The annoyances of a lousy day. But the cool water did nothing to soothe the itch crawling across his skin. Underneath his skin.
“And what the fuck does this have to do with Cain?” Dean snaps. “Y’all like to gossip about the deficient omega that not even a limey douchebag like Crowley could really want?”
She leaves Dean all alone in the house, Sammy asleep upstairs in his crib. Tells him ‘take care of Sammy for me, Dean. Don’t worry, Daddy’s gonna be home soon.”
“Pretty much,” Charlie says, moving them deftly out of the way of a pair of octogenarians tearing around the dance floor. “He’s not over the moon, but between Gilda’s charm and my lovable personality, we’re winning him round.”
Mary shuffles nervously on her chair, leans over the table towards them. “I wasn’t planning on staying away. I swear. I just wanted some time. A little freedom.”
Dean nods. He can live with that. A few weeks off now should be enough time to get his shit together. Or at least start to deal with it. “Thanks, Sam. I appreciate it.”
“I’m sure.” Benny grins at him. “Maybe I just like the thought of your grumpy face being around for a while longer. Or maybe it’s your pretty car I’m fond of.”
“Fine,” Sam eventually says, turning around. “But this is it, last chance, Mary. Cas will set you up with security. And I’m going to ask Pamela to call you, try and salvage this mess before the press works itself into a frenzy. But you fuck up again and you’re on your own.”
It takes twenty minutes and another glass of water before Dean manages to move. He’s inordinately grateful to make it to his bathroom without throwing up. Thankfully, a shower and change of clothes help him feel more human.
It’s not until he climbs into the car, slamming the door and leaving Max’s concerned face behind, that Dean starts to feel uncomfortable with the situation himself. The screen is raised between the front and rear seats, which isn’t unusual, the drivers like to give him privacy, but it means he can’t even see who’s driving. Or where they’re going. Especially as it’s still dark outside.
Cas jumps on his silence. “I think you would like my therapist. Tessa is very good. Straight talking. Or she could suggest someone else if you preferred.”
“Dean,” Sam lays a hand on Dean’s arm and says, heart-wrenchingly earnestly, “Promise me you won’t disappear on us. That I’ll see you again.”
“And we’re moving,” Crowley notes casually, sliding his arm around Dean’s waist, giving him a literal shoulder to lean on as the ground shifts and tilts alarmingly. “Okay, people, what the bloody hell are you standing around for? Get your arses back to work. This isn’t a peep show!”
At least he’s not asking for the hundredth time if Dean is okay. Dean’s starting to sound like a broken record; yes, he’s fine. No, Uriel didn’t bash his head hard enough against the wall to impair his faculties or give him brain damage. Yes, he’s absolutely, one hundred percent, certain he wants to spend his heat with the three of them in their home.
But honestly, he was kidnapped, taunted, and tortured by a psycho-stalker who gloated about killing his dad. Who wouldn’t have the occasional bad dream after that?
“He smells like a whore. Take your bitch and get out of here, Castiel,” Uriel interrupts with a snarl, spitting on the sidewalk where they’re standing. The interruption is unwelcome. Especially as getting out of there is exactly what Dean has wanted all along. And the whore was just uncalled for, and it’s why Dean unwraps himself from Castiel just long enough to punch Uriel in the face. His nose, already hurt from Castiel’s earlier blow, bursts like a fountain, spouting blood over Uriel’s shirt, his tie, his suit and the sidewalk.
Marv lets out a strange squeak and lunges forward. With one casual step to the side, Dean dodges easily out of the way. He doesn’t even attempt to hide his satisfied smile as security drags the director away in a headlock. It’s easily the funniest thing Dean’s seen in weeks.
Dean very nearly swoons. Instead, keeping his dignity more or less intact, he grabs Cas’ arm and tugs hard. The stench of angry alpha should probably go some way towards cooling Dean’s approaching heat. And though Uriel’s scent has turned from sour to downright foul, watching Cas defend his honor is doing all kinds of weird things to Dean’s hormones.
“Trust me, there’s not an alpha in this county that I wouldn’t rather punch in the face than mate with. Look, I get that you’re worried, but honest, Sam, it’s fine. I’ll be fine. I’m not gonna be auctioned off. It’s not some huge government conspiracy. I’m just gonna meet some alphas. And if I like the look of any of them, maybe I’ll spend some time with them. Maybe I’ll date them. Maybe one or two. Maybe a dozen. But I’ll not be spending time with anyone I don’t want to. It’s like speed dating. Really intense speed dating. And, with any luck, I’ll meet someone I want to mate with.”
Dean nods like he agrees, even though the thought of coming face to face with the woman who walked out on them fills him with nothing but gut-churning dread.
“Your so-called church has nothing to do with God,” Cas fires back. “You’ve twisted his word to meet your own ends. God is love. Not hate, not fear, not control. You’re nothing but a charlatan, Uriel, a scam artist, and one of these days you and Zachariah will both pay for the things you do, the people you hurt, in the name of religion.”
“What kind of weapon? Jesus, how the hell did he make it through the doors with a goddamn weapon? Don’t they check for that shit?” Sam growls.
That hand puppet. Dean shivers. Creepy little sock-thing gives Dean the heebie-jeebies. Thankfully, Garth hasn’t tried to use Mr. Fizzles near him since Dean threatened to staple its mouth shut.
“I haven’t really thought about it,” Dean admits. It’s been less than twenty-four hours, he’s still in shock to be honest. “The only thing I know I want is the beach house.”
“There’s going to be photographs before we hit the press room, okay?” Sam says, leading Dean into a room that’s set up and waiting to go, lights on and a photographer standing there with a camera already in his hands.
“Dude,” Ash says, “I’m the boss lady’s numero uno employee. This fine establishment is safe in my capable hands.”
“It’s not my acting that’s the problem,” Dean says through gritted teeth. “The studio isn’t demanding reshoots because of my acting.”
“Due to creative differences, Mr. Metatron and the studio heads came to an amicable and joint decision to part ways,” exec number one says, his tone perfectly even and believable. Well… believable if Dean hadn’t just watched a security guard wrestle Marv out of the building. If that’s the bullshit they’re planning to feed the press though, Dean’s happy to toe the party line this time.
“I don’t know what you want me to say, Ellen. I promised this douch—” Dean catches himself just in time. “This dude one more date. And that’s all this is. After that, maybe we can see where this thing with Benny, Cas and Cain is going. If there’s a chance it might work out. If they still want me.”
For all Dean knows Meg’s absolutely right, but he and Lisa have been married for eighteen years now so the scrappy start to their relationship doesn’t weigh heavily on his mind.
Dean doesn’t notice that he’s sobbing into Cas’ shoulder until Cas’ arm loops around him and holds him tight. Dean can’t remember the last time anyone held him. It’s nice. Cas is nice. And he smells good too. That’s Dean’s last conscious thought before he falls asleep.
Four days after talking to Sam, Dean finally gets fed up with moping, second-guessing all his life choices, ignoring his phone, and eating ice-cream for breakfast. He can practically see the constipated expression on Sam’s face if he finds out just how pathetically Dean’s acting.
It’s not even a lie. His face is aching where Gordon punched him, his head is pounding and he feels tired down to his bones. He’s not even sure he’s got the energy to make it upstairs to his bedroom, never mind have a conversation that he knows is going to be all kinds of awkward.
“Goddamnit.” Benny’s is the first voice Dean hears. “Look at what crawled into our bed. If that ain’t the prettiest thing I’ve ever seen.”
“That, my man, is where you’re wrong,” Ash says, turning his head with a flourish. “This haircut is the shizzle, man... all business up front, party in the back.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, although he feels dazed. And maybe a little weird. No, not weird. Guilty. Like he shouldn’t be standing here letting Benny kiss him. Like he shouldn’t even be contemplating the idea of going back to Benny’s house.
“Self-care, Dean. You know what I’m talking about. You’ve spent all your life looking after other people. Me, Dad, Lisa, Ben. It’s about time you put as much time and effort into your own well-being. Focus on yourself for a change. Figure out what you want from life. Make some goals for yourself. Maybe eat a little better, stop drinking, talk to someone.”
“I don’t want to date anyone. I don’t want to meet any more alphas. I… I want to be with you and Benny and Cas. It’s all I can think about since the other night. But I know you guys are happy without me, you don’t really need me, and I… I don’t know how long you’re going to want to keep me around, and then Charlie said it wouldn’t work, that it’s not how things are meant to be, that it wasn’t natural, and then Zachariah warned me how bad this could all be for Ellen, and I just… I figured, this thing between us was bound to go up in flames anyway, I might as well just do what Zachariah wanted.”
“I guess that’s why omegas always tended to stick together, historically speaking. They had each other’s backs when they were vulnerable. Until the omega found an alpha that would protect them. I mean, that’s essentially what this place is all about. Protecting us until we find an alpha to mate with.”
For all Dean knows, Lisa is making some valid points but all he’s hearing is how his fucked up life stopped her from dumping him sooner. Like she’s some fucking martyr.
“You can try and brush it off all you like, but the truth is your head is a horror movie right now. It’s hardly surprising after everything that happened with Alastair in Scotland.”
Dean leans forward, cups Cas’s cheek in his palm and kisses him, barely a brush of lips. The tension eases slowly from Cas’s shoulders. “We will be.”
He’s still watching. And waiting. Ever so patiently. It's been almost two years since he had Dean Winchester in his grasp. Since all his patience and years of obsessive planning had so very nearly paid off. It was simply bad luck that the boy had wriggled out of his clutches at the last moment. He’d been feistier than Alastair had expected. Perhaps that was partly his fault for falling into the trap of thinking of Dean as a soft and spoiled movie star, forgetting that he and his brother’s roots were planted firmly on the wrong side of the tracks. John Winchester had been a terrible father. Perhaps he hadn’t physically abandoned his children, not like their mother, but he might have well as done. If he hadn’t left those boys to fend for themselves so often, Dean Winchester, with his too pretty face, and skinny limbs, and his delectable air of desperation, would never have come to the attention of a predator like Alastair in the first place. Really, Dean should thank him for killing that pathetic excuse for a parent.
Dean’s skin is on fire, and there are tears in his eyes but his dick is so hard he thinks he’s about to totally humiliate himself.
Cas being pissed shouldn’t make Dean smile, but his clipped words and stormy expression are so at odds with the Santa hat perched on his head that all Dean can think is how damn adorable he looks.
“Oh no, I don’t think so.” Abaddon says. And Dean gives her kudos for very nearly succeeding in hiding the hint of apprehension that creeps into her words. “I saw this pretty little thing first. Go find a playmate of your own.”
It’s cute that Cas is taking the issue of Dean’s consent so seriously, so Dean resists the temptation to scoff, and settles for placing a kiss on his temple instead. “I’ll be back in a minute,” he reassures the alpha. And then tacks on a stern warning. “Do not go anywhere.”
“Well, y’know, I try,” Dean says, thinking about the burger and fries he ate the night before. And the two bottles of beer he drank. And the packet of cookies he shared with Cas. God, if Lisa could see the carbs he was consuming these days she’d probably faint. Not that she cares if Dean puts on weight now.
“Y’know I’m not some delicate virgin. You don’t have to defend my honor,” Dean grumbles as Ellen escorts him back to his room.
Although it’s easier to breathe when a laughing Cas rolls off of him, Dean catches his hand to stop him going too far.
Dean’s spine stiffens. That jab hit a sensitive nerve. It’s probably just as well Gordon waves off his comment before Dean can bite back. “Sorry, man, I’m just joking with you.”
Dean feels rather more respectable after standing under the muscle-massaging warm jets of the shower for ten minutes. The water eases out some of the cramps and aches his body has stored up over the past four days. And it’s nice to wash away the sticky layers of sweat that were starting to make his skin itch. It’s not until it dawns on him that he’s also washed away every trace of his alphas’ scents that he begins to feel uncomfortable. Anxiety and doubt creeping into his brain.
your darkest secret? I don’t know whether I’m disappointed or impressed.” He’s joking but he squeezes Dean’s shoulder reassuringly. “Try and stay out of trouble while I’m gone. No wild parties.”
Dean’s still thrumming with his orgasm, not intensely, but tiny delicious tremors that vibrate from his toes up through every atom of his body. Benny’s tied to him, his knot filling Dean so perfectly that Dean can’t imagine how he survived this long without knowing what it felt like to be a part of something this fulfilling.
“Of course she has,” Dean says. “She has paperwork for everything. I’m surprised I get to piss without signing my life away.”
“Come now, Dean.” Zachariah’s smile makes Dean’s skin crawl. “Preacher Uriel inviting you to his church can hardly be misconstrued as whoring you out. I’m doing my best to lead you onto a respectable path of —”
“I’m fine,” Cas says, though the way his words struggle to make it past his teeth suggest otherwise.
“If I go on this date with Uriel, will I have blown my chances with you and Benny and Cas?” Dean asks, plainly.
Meanwhile Charlie is still swithering between her two alpha suitors who both adore her, and who both are steaming hot and who are both non-psychotic. Even Ash has an alpha desperate to mate with him. And Becky’s now dating Chuck. Apparently after one date they were already on the cusp of running away together. It would be cute if it wasn’t so sickening.
“And we will ensure that you and Crowley are both blacklisted at Fairdale,” Cas adds, stepping over the guy on the floor to join Benny by Cain’s side. “And at every other Den in the state. Assault of an omega is a serious offence. You’re lucky we’re not calling in the police right now.”
“So,” Dean turns to the studio exec’s once he’s finally damped down his urge to cackle. “You fired Marv?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah.” The alpha was drooling over Charlie and Gilda a second ago. Dean obviously isn’t his type. “Look, dude—”
Dean rolls his eyes so hard it actually hurts. “It does prove what an idiot whoever did this is. I mean, a beauty like this, the keys sitting right there on the table, and they didn’t take the chance to steal her?”
him. An hour or two of blissful peace and quiet with a decent book has become a real comfort. He’s not had the time to read much over the past few years. Reading became far more of a chore than a pleasure when he was trying to get through high school, at the same time as looking after Sammy and dealing with his dad. Dean had somehow forgotten that once upon a time books were an escape and not just work.
Cas appears wholly unperturbed by Dean’s glare. “We are going together. You, Sam, and me. Abner is driving. My other two men will already be there ensuring security is adequate. This has all been arranged for over a week.”
“I tried, I promise. I tried to talk to your dad, but he didn’t understand. He thought I was just tired. Just frustrated because he was working so much and I was stuck with a colicky baby and a demanding four-year-old. He thought my unhappiness would pass. That I just needed time.”
Dean doesn’t make it any further than the kitchen before his knees give out and he sinks down to the floor, back propped up against the refrigerator. The enormity of the evening’s events hit him all at once. His life is never going to be the same again. He’s been lied to. Humiliated. Betrayed. He sobs until his throat aches and his face stings. Then he drinks until he can’t feel a damn thing.
“My job is to keep everyone safe. I told you, this ain’t a prison. I’m just chatting. You look like you need a friend.”
