Nat and Rhodey have been helping although I still feel guilty for letting them. They have their own lives and their own problems and they shouldn't have to worry about me. I am grateful though, they don't put up with my bullshit and sometimes that's what I need.  Hopefully things will calm down after this weekend, although, I'm not sure where you're planning on going, hopefully not all the way back to Wakanda...  I don't expect you to come back to New York or anything... It would, it would be nice to see you though... I don't know. God I'm shit at this.
“Anyone who knows me would know that I have.” He rolls his eyes back at her and they work in companionable silence, moving to another platter when they’re done. It’s nice to spend time with her, they’d gotten all their weird apology conversations out of the way back when she moved back in, and if he’s honest, Tony had already forgiven her long before that. He’s known Nat longer than any of the rest of the Avengers, even if you don’t count ‘Natalie’, which he still kind of does, they built up a rapport! So it was easy to let her back in, to dismiss her concerns with a wave of his hand and give her a hug. It wasn’t as if he could just shut out everyone who turned their backs on him, then where would he be. He’d have like two friends, maybe, and that would just be sad. There are some things that are not so hard to forgive, and it’s not like he doesn’t get why people would pick Steve over him, who wouldn’t really. Anyways, it’s good, they’re fine, and he’s not just saying that for once.
Pepper and Happy have been fighting over me and normally you know I’d be all about that but its over who’s best man I should be. Happy will probably win since I’m walking Pepper down the aisle (her dad died a few years back, lovely man) and she’s nothing if not reasonable. Well depends who you are but she loves him so I think she’ll let it go. She wants to plan almost all of it herself, which I personally believe is going to stress her to no end but also both of us are chronic micromanagers so I understand. She’s actually not as bad as me normally but I think the wedding is bringing out her dark side, she expects competency as the bare minimum and unfortunately, she doesn’t always get it. Well not the first go around, she Always gets it on the second, everyone is scared enough by then that they’ll do whatever she wants.
“How long was I out?” Steve turns back to glance at Tony, with a look of surprise and quickly ends his call.
I’ve mostly been working on the armor and trying to deal with the political and media shit storm, I have a publicist for some of it but I have to do some interviews in person unfortunately. I really wish they’d stop asking, it’s not as if I’m gonna tell them anything new. I’m not dragging anyone through the mud just so they can get a story, I’m not dragging anyone through the mud period.
We’re gearing up for the wedding this week, Monday and the wedding is Friday evening. Pepper is painfully stressed so I’m taking her on a spa day for her bachelorette party. I’m not technically her maid of honour but I am unofficially part of her posse and I know how to plan a good party and her bridesmaids all know it so her sister graciously offered to let me handle it. It does however mean I have to plan two parties because I’m doing Happy’s as well but Rhodey’s helping me out with that one. No there are not going to be strippers I know you’re making that face and you can stop. Happy would never, hasn’t in years and neither have I honestly. I haven’t done much partying since Afghanistan and I can’t say I miss it really at all.
His awareness comes back slowly, first he realizes he’s warm, and that doesn’t make sense, and he’s in a bed and that’s not right at all. Steve seems to be gone too, where did he go? Did he leave with Bucky? He looks around, he’s in his bedroom… he’s in his bedroom, oh Christ. It’s at that point he sees Steve standing by the door, his posture tight and anxious. He’s not looking at Tony, he’s talking quietly into his phone, brow furrowed. Tony is sitting on his bed, hunched over, knees to his chest. He lets his head fall to his knees and closes his eyes. He’s still a bit shaky but he knows where he is now and what’s really happening and somehow that makes it worse. He feels so fragile and useless and ridiculous and he’s clearly upset Steve which fucking sucks.
I think we’re getting close to being able to get you guys at least somewhat pardoned. We’re almost at the point where you’ll be able to legally leave Wakanda and not get arrested immediately which is good news. Unfortunately, that does mean I’m going to have to text you, is it unfortunate? I don’t know, there’s a part of me that’s almost looking forward to it and I don’t know how to deal with that but, I’ve gotta do it. I guess I could send the message through T’challa but, that feels like a cop out… After everything, after how much we haven’t listened to each other, and hid things, it’d be wrong to go through someone else. I’m not doing it tonight though, I don’t think I’m prepared to and I’m also waiting on one final email which should be here some time this week. Yay… I am, genuinely looking forward to being able to not have people classifying people I care about as war criminals though.
“I still have, well, I have a place back in Brooklyn that they gave me a few years back. So I’ll be out of your hair, I won’t bother you at all so there’s no need to worry about that.”
Dinner is a quiet affair but not silent, both Nat and Rhodey are good at distracting Tony and they manage to drag him out of his whirlpool of anxiety for an hour. As they’re leaving the restaurant his phone lights up, “Looks like the gangs all here then. There’s going to be a short briefing about the plan for the weekend and then we’re left to our own devices for the rest of the evening.”
“If you need me to send him packing just tell me, Pepper and I will be here to haul his ass out of the house before he can get a word in edgewise.”
“Anything but this please.” Tony’s not picky at this point, he’s far too tired to really care and Nat and Clint will bicker about the movie choice for another ten minutes anyways. By the end of it they can’t decide on a movie so they and up watching Antiques Roadshow, Nat spotting fakes before the experts call it and Clint pointing out all the weird hats in the background. Tony falls asleep slowly smiling a little as his eyes close, and he drifts away, feeling at home for the first time in a long time.
All the new Avengers have been extended the offer as well, but most of them have elected to spend their time at the compound instead. He knows in some ways it’d be better to have everyone in the same spot but honestly, he spent very little time there, and its better not to have all your eggs in one basket or whatever. If he’s honest with himself it’s mostly because he finds the whole place just a bit too clinical, and after everything that’s happened it brings back too many bad memories. He’d much rather be in his actual home with the people he cares about most in the world. Although he still can’t convince Rhodey to move in, he’ll get him one day. T’Challa is going back home to run his country as expected, Bucky is still there as well, it wouldn’t be wise for him to leave while he’s still going through the rehabilitation process. Steve, well, Tony’s not sure where Steve is going or where he’s currently gone. As soon as the conference disperses Tony loses track of him, it’s a little disappointing but he can understand.
I almost wish I could talk to you, that I wasn’t as pissed at you as I still am. As much as I hate to admit it I miss you. It’s fuckin lonely as hell here, and we were getting to a good place, things were good we were good… Sometimes I hold that stupid phone you sent me and start a text but I can never send it. I know we butted heads a lot and we never agreed on anything but… I trusted you, more than, more than almost anyone… and you lied, not just once, but for years. It was /years/ Rogers…
Nat and Rhodey share a look over Tony’s head and they catch a cab back to the facility instead of walking.
I’m not sure how I feel about you moving in, I know I said you could, and I meant that, but part of me thinks I’m being too hasty… but only part of me. I thought I’d be more angry at you, or at least more upset? I don’t know… all of today just felt, so familiar and I’d be lying if I said I haven’t missed it. Missed having you around… It won’t be okay right away, it still isn’t okay now but I think, I think I trust you. I’ve had all this time to think and write and I was so worried it’d all fall apart when I saw you. I mean I did freak out a bit at first but… after that first day, it was just such a relief to not be upset. Its so exhausting to be upset. I think you already know I forgive you… and that I’m sorry for what I did as well. I don’t know if either of us will be able to move on right away, and I think that’s okay, but I know I’m doing a lot better than I was a few months ago and I’ll take what I can get.
Speaking of though, he’s bothering me about how late it is again and I should probably just give in at this point so goodnight.
It’s a fairly simple affair, it’s just friends so no one is too worried about impressing anyone and it’s Halloween so really it doesn’t need to be that intense honestly. He’s arranging cheese, lost in though, Nat hip checks him lightly and starts fixing his mess.
I’ve had a migraine for four days and no it is not from lack of sleep. Ok, well, maybe a little bit but I’ve been getting around 6 hours a night which is a lot for me, and I’ve been drinking less coffee too, it’s terrible. Unfortunately, I can’t stop looking at screens which I know is making it worse but there’s so much work to be done and I can’t just stop. Hopefully it’ll get less painful soon so I can get my work done faster but I’m not really expecting it to. Writing like this isn’t doing wonders either so this is all you’re getting from me today.
Tony rolls his eyes at that but pulls Rhodey in for a hug anyways, “Thank you Rhodey, and thank you for coming… It, means a lot.”
The morning starts out okay, he’s actually gotten an alright sleep and wakes up at a more reasonable hour than the previous night. There’s gentle light filtering through the windows and Tony takes a deep breath and stands up. Then the coffee maker in his room decides to destroy itself in some fit of pique and although he could probably (definitely) fix it, it’s 7:00 AM and he has no tools with him. Plus, he really just wants some coffee. Luckily, he has a vague memory of the room allocations and he knows this whole hallway of the facility had been claimed for the meetings so it’s likely that he’ll be able to bother someone nearby and grab a cup so he can actually wake up. The first door he tries yields no results, neither does the second, the third one does. Tony curses whatever deity has it out for him this morning when Steve opens the door, he’s clearly just gotten back from a morning run. They both stare at each other awkwardly for a moment before Tony gestures vaguely with his empty mug. Steve stares at him for another moment, seemingly unable to speak and wordlessly opens his door all the way to let Tony in.  Tony shuffles over to the coffee maker and begins fiddling with it.
I am drowning in paperwork, actually drowning. Pepper thins the herd as much as she can, bless her, but there’s still so much shit. There was always a lot for patents and deals and what have you and that all got a lot easier when I made Pep CEO but I am working with mountains now, bounteous piles of crap. Most of it is accords stuff, or other superheroing minutiae, she can’t really deal with all of that for me unfortunately. I pick up my own messes now, especially after Stane and the palladium… I don’t like leaving those things in the hands of others, and even less after New York and Sokovia. Alas, I’ve probably taken too long of a break from this crap, time to dive back in.
“Ever the comedian,” he says pulling back. “You should take that routine of yours on tour. How are you?”
“Thank you Tony.” Steve stands up, lets out a long breath, and squares his shoulders. He turns back to Tony and offers his hand again. He takes it.
I should actually go over his armor though, the Mark III is pretty good but it could always be improved… I should make him a new one, I have some ideas to make the missile launchers better and a better back up system. I installed one right after, right after the airport. I wasn’t sure if he’d ever want to use it again after that but, well he’s as stubborn as I am. I have a lot of ideas for backup power though and it’d be easier to just make a whole new suit. I mean it kind of wouldn’t be but it’d be way more fun and he deserves a new one.
I’m glad the wedding is out of the way at least, it was fantastic but there was a lot of prep and stress and now I’ve only got really one major thing to focus on. I do have to do a little more work as well now that Pepper is on her honeymoon but I don’t mind that… speaking of though, I have a huge stack of papers to go through and sign before she gets back so I’m going to get to that.
Don’t ever tell him I said any of this, he’d tease me for it for years and he’s already got more than enough dirt on me.
Pepper is trying to convince me to put plants in my workshop, apparently its “depressing” and “you need some life down here Tony” and “I’m worried about you”. That last one was uncalled for I’m fine. Like I mean I’m not fantastic but I’m fine, and she’s got more than enough to worry about without me dragging her into my shit. I’ve done more than enough of that for the time that I’ve known her. Part of me wishes things could’ve worked out but, after extremis… I couldn’t keep doing this to her, I can’t keep putting her in harms way, she’s safer this way, and watching me do what I do was really hard on her. Even with how long she’s known me and how much she’s done, at the end of the day she’s still a civilian, she wanted me to give this up for her and I wanted to do it, I wanted to do it for her, god she deserved it but, I couldn’t. I’m not strong enough for that… and people need me, I can’t just stand by and watch the world fall apart.
This weekend has been, eye opening, to say the least. I'm not quite sure what I expected to happen, I don't think I really expected anything, I expected to be angrier at you that's for sure. I don't know why I'm not. Maybe because I've already forgiven you, or at least I think I have, I think that's what this is. I think that when I saw you I knew I had to. I'm a lot more emotional than I expected. I didn't think, I didn't think it would be like this. After everything, after all this, I still know you... and I don't, I don't know if that's a good thing. I feel like it is, it feels good. I didn't expect that. I thought it'd be hard, I thought it'd be hard to be in a room with you and be near you and see you and it was... It was, but then you gave me your hand and it's not anymore. You're still there, just like you've always been, and I'm still here and I still love you still care about you Ugh. I can't word this properly. It doesn't really matter if no one's going to see it but I hate not being able to get the words out. I know how to write well, I have PhDs, they make you write for those. Whatever. This government pen is also shitty I hope you know that, so is this paper. They're not spending the big bucks here that's for sure, the room's not bad though. I've slept in worse, but worse could also mean a cave in Afghanistan so the bar isn't that high.
The food is finished right before the guests arrive, Steve is being fussy because he doesn’t think the plates are being laid out nicely enough and it makes Tony smile a little, to see everything so normal. Clint has partially untied himself, it was Natasha’s work so he couldn’t get it all undone, and she’s finally merciful, undoing the rest with a single strategic pull. He stretches, cracking his joints loudly and grinning up at her, she just calls him gross and rolls her eyes.
You know I really am jealous that you’re in Wakanda, if I could just see their tech, talk with some of their engineers. God I could learn so much from them, I’m going to have to bother T’Challa for a tour one day, I don’t actually think he’d let me in for me to have one but I can dream. I know his sister makes a lot of his tech I’d really love to talk to her, god she’s probably already surpassed me but it’d be fantastic to talk to her, get some ideas. I don’t think they’d ever let me touch their tech either, they seem pretty protective of it which is fair, I know the feeling. Gotta be nice weather there too, its been raining all week here. Don’t get me wrong I like rain but when there’s no one around and its just that miserable cloudy grey weather…  you know how it is.
“I’m gonna go ahead and call bullshit on that one Rogers, you look like you’re a million miles away right now.” Steve fidgets awkwardly and looks back down at his hands.
Its quite a while later when he comes out of his daze, rubbing his face with his hands, predictably getting grease all over himself. The music was lowered to a more reasonable volume at some point while he was working, JARVIS likes to do that to ‘Preserve his hearing’.
Tony runs through the interaction again during the press conference, it hadn’t been terrible he thinks, part of it had been almost pleasant, but it had also been incredibly awkward and Steve hasn’t looked at him all morning. He groans internally and resolves to put it out of his mind, he’s done more embarrassing things in his life for sure, it’s not like Steve’s never seen him half-awake and it’s not like he’s never seen Steve half-naked but it feels far too domestic, far too much like what they used to have and Tony’s not quite sure how he feels about that.
“You resent most of the things I say to you.” Rhodey stands up and moves towards the window, “What really matters is if you can forgive him, I don’t think anyone would blame you if you didn’t.”
So you see, that’s not really what hurt, I mean I didn’t enjoy watching him die, watching him struggle. I didn’t enjoy it, and it hurt, not as much as it could’ve but it did... But he killed my mother Rogers, I had to watch, she called for him and he killed her, he killed my mother. I am glad you stopped me. I don’t want him dead, I know it’s not his fault. I just, god, I wish it hadn’t been like that. Everything went south so goddamn fast, it all went to shit
Steve pauses at that, his voice hopeful and quiet as he responds. “I guess not, pretty hard to with this bunch,” he smiles, looking down.
It’s still quite early, Tony rarely sleeps much if he sleeps at all, and with a resigned sigh he shambles over to the hotel’s coffee maker. The coffee it makes isn’t great, some might consider it bad, but contrary to what is probably popular belief, Tony doesn’t care all that much about what type of coffee he drinks. Of course, the beans he usually buys are fairly high quality, but after years of drinking shitty burnt 3am coffee at MIT and whatever concoctions DUM-E handed him, all that matters is that the caffeine makes it into his system.
Like all the government facilities Tony has had the unfortunate pleasure of spending a great deal of time in, this one is lit with shitty fluorescent lights. Lights that he knows from years of experience make him look terrible and drawn and honestly, you’d think they could afford better lighting in here. These shitty lights however, do nothing to detract from the way Steve looks when Tony sees him for the first time in almost six months. Steve-Rogers, Tony tries and fails to mentally correct, is still unfairly beautiful, he looks tired, still strong and imposing, and all, leadery, but tired. He’s still trying to decide how he feels about the beard when Steve looks away from whoever he was having a conversation with, Tony honestly hadn’t bothered to look, and makes eye contact. Tony’s heart stutters for a second and he has to look away, shit, he thinks, this is not going how he planned.
It's dark out when they file out of the conference room, the whole thing had gone on a bit longer than expected but they'd managed to finish what they started. There's a palpable sense of relief in the air, this thing that had been a dark cloud over their heads for so long was finally lifted. The document they had now wasn't perfect but it was as close as something like that was ever going to reasonably get, everyone seemed at least moderately pleased as well and if that isn't a relief Tony doesn't know what is. He heads back to his room, parting ways with Steve as their paths diverge, they don't say anything, they just nod, and Tony is grateful for that. He's not entirely sure how to process what's happened this weekend but talking probably isn't it. There is however, a pad of paper on the desk in his room and, hey, that's not a terrible idea.
Everything is set in motion now, I’m not sure if I should’ve told you the details myself but T’Challa very kindly offered to do it and I’m happy to let him deal with it… talking to you is still super nerve wracking, which is ridiculous but he seemed to realize that which I’m very grateful for. He’s an exceedingly good diplomat so his help is greatly appreciated. I know I’m a pretty charismatic person myself but I also tend to rub a lot of people the wrong way, luckily, I’ve learned how to not give a shit about other people’s opinions of me (well most people’s anyway). I am planning to be on my best behaviour for this gathering but having him and Natasha there means we’ll get what we’re gunning for.
I'm really sorry for the lateness of this chapter, I got a second job last week and there's been a lot going on. I ended up writing the vast majority of this today since it was my first real day off in a while. Anyways I hope you enjoy the first chapter with actual dialogue and scenes!
The rest of the press conference goes pretty well, the younger reporter asks no more questions. Everyone seems pretty satisfied with the outcome of what was worked out over the weekend and they managed to outline and explain all of the agreements pretty well. Tony is almost pleased as they leave the room, filing out the door. It’ll be a relief to finally have this over and done with, one less giant worry to keep him up at night, lord knows he has enough of those already. He shakes hands with everyone and makes sure they all tell him where they’ll be ending up. A pleasing number will be returning to the U.S., a few even to New York. He’s not sure if he can convince Bruce and Nat to come back to the tower but he leaves the option open and he hopes they’ll take him up on it. The place is so empty when it’s mostly just him and he’d like them all to have a nice home base if they want it. Thor’s not back from Asgard yet and Clint is in the wind and he’d like to have as much of the original team back home as possible. They were family, once, he hopes they still are. The Avengers as a concept are slowly gaining traction again and although he can’t be sure it’ll work out, he desperately wants it to, a fact he will admit to absolutely no one.
Steve’s bag is quite small and Tony frowns at that before he remembers how much of his stuff was left behind at the compound. Still, there isn’t much back at the tower now either, he’s gonna need some more clothes. Steve has never really liked having lots of stuff, Tony knows that, but it still feels wrong that he’s only got what, 10 shirts? That however is a problem for later, the current problem is that he and Steve are quite close together as they walk out of the airport, a little too close for Tony’s liking actually. He doesn’t want to move away though, doesn’t want to make him feel bad so he’s just going to have to put up with it until they get to the car. The walk is almost agonizing, its not long, he got a good parking spot, but they don’t say much, Steve politely asks after Pepper and Rhodey and Happy, and Tony responds equally politely. It’s awkward. Now that they’ve gotten the apologies out of the way neither of them is quite sure what to do around the other. Tony’s heart rate is far higher than it has any right to be by the time they get to the car and he’s fairly certain that its loud enough for Steve to hear. It’s a bit better once he gets into the driver’s seat but he can still hear the blood rushing in his ears. Probably not a great state to be driving in but he’s done it before. Luckily Steve hasn’t notice, or if he has he’s being much too polite to say anything. Tony’s not sure why this is so different from the conference, why everything feels so loud and bright and fragile. The part of his brain with any common sense left, which sounds remarkably like his therapist, reminds him that he is in fact letting Steve back into his home and how that is an extremely big deal. The rest of his brain, which unfortunately sounds just like him, says that’s stupid. He’s got himself slightly more under control when they arrive at the tower, the cool fall air helping to soothe his nerves slightly. They’re standing in the elevator when someone finally speaks again.
“If you don’t want, if you don’t want me to stay here it’s alright you know.” His voice is quiet, and sincere, although Tony knows thinks that it would not in fact be alright. He thinks that Steve would go back to his very tiny sad apartment in Brooklyn that he’d only ever lived in for a week before the tower. He thinks that Steve would be alone, and he thinks that Steve thinks he could handle it, and he could, handle it. But handling it is not the same thing as being alright, and Tony can’t do that to him. Doesn’t want to even though part of him is screaming that this cannot happen, that it’s not okay. But it will be, Tony will handle it.
Clint gestures at him with his spoon and responds through a mouthful of cereal “Look who’s talking, you look like an anthropomorphised raccoon.”
“It’s fine, thank you for listening.” They sit like that for a little longer, until Tony eventually stands up, Steve following along. He goes back to his workbench and Steve goes to leave, pausing at the door.
“Yeah, I’ll see you then, soon.” Steve nods and makes his way back out of the room. The door clicks shut and Tony sits down on the bed heavily, staring down at his hands. Well, that sure just happened. God they’re both utter disasters aren’t they. His thoughts are a mess and he turns towards the desk, well it couldn’t hurt.
It’ll be a while before the meetings can be set up, probably not till October, and I’ll have to find somewhere to host them. Here is obviously a no-go, and I’m not even gonna think about asking T’Challa if he’d host, we need to find someone reasonably neutral. What if we do it in Switzerland, its nice there, they’re historically neutral, I know some important people there too so I could probably swing it. Let me make some calls.
“We were sparring and when I pinned you, you just stopped moving and wouldn’t respond. I thought that leaving you in the gym would probably be a bad idea so I carried you here, sorry…”
Tony’s not sure why he asked Steve to spar with him the next morning, maybe he’s a masochist, maybe he’s bored, lonely, any number of adjectives. It could also be because it’s something he missed and who knows maybe it’ll fix things. Maybe if he keeps acting like it’s the past it’ll come true, everything will be back to normal and he won’t have to feel like he has a gaping hole in his chest, maybe he’ll be able to breathe.
He’s still got his head down when he hears the door to his left open and shut, he barely hears the footsteps and he briefly hopes its Nat but he knows its not. Steve doesn’t say anything, just sits down beside him, on his right, giving him access to the door, and Tony is stupidly grateful for that, that small kindness. He can hear Steve’s breathing, low and steady, and he tries to match it, tries to calm down. They sit like that for a while, just breathing, before Tony looks up. He avoids looking at Steve, would rather look at anything else because he knows what he’ll see if he turns his head and he doesn’t know if he’s quite ready for that.
I meant to ask T’Challa if you were going to bring Bucky but I had a million other things to plan with him so that kind of got forgotten… I know he’s still in cryo right now but T’Challa said it might not be for too much longer, I’ve offered to loan you guys my B.A.R.F. tech to help with whatever rehabilitation is necessary, I hope it helps. I don’t really have anything against Barnes at this point, it took a little while but, its really not his fault and I couldn’t hold it against him without feeling like a supremely shitty person. So yeah, I’m not really worried about seeing him, the only thing I’m concerned about is the political crap that comes with having him there but that’s also not his fault and we’re dealing with it.
"So I think we should go soon." Steve grabbed his own suitcase from the couch and came to where Tony was. "Curiosity is killing me.”
Tony smiled, his heart doubling in size with so much love for that man right in front of him. “In just a week we had Strange showing up, then a flower that was actually a sex-pollen vector, now the two of us being a thing …”
"Why again did you sir ask to receive these grades by the mail?" Peter asked, wringing his fingers nervously.
"No, we won’t," Clint said, but he smiled quickly. "You can go relaxed. We’ll take care of everything here.”
to get pounded, and he kept thrusting faster and faster on Steve’s cock. Before any of them knew it, they were fucking as fast as they could.
this is...” Tony intended to speak, but he never finished his sentence, because Steve started moving his hips against Tony's, demanding, desiring, needing. So Tony started moving himself. He rested his hands on either side of Steve's head and leaned over the soldier. Steve's hands came out of the torpor and embraced Tony, rising and falling down his body, loving him. Tony bent down and gave Steve a slow and passionate kiss.
be late again when it comes to you," Steve winked and turned, heading toward the Tower entrance, letting Tony slowly transform into a body purely made up of love and desire.
Steve was now using only his fingertips to stroke the exposed skin of Tony's leg and that was sending impulses straight to his crotch.
“Come on, Tony, show up,” Steve straightened up, but his face was still calm, his features even and without a trace of anger. And his voice was neutral, without a tone of bitterness or urgency.
” Then Stephen Strange opened his portal of light and returned to the Sanctum as quickly as he entered Tony and Steve's life a week before.
"No, I just talked to him," Steve shrugged. "He wants to share some information from S.H.I.E.L.D. about A.I.M., Hydra, and it looks like the Leader is moving. And he also wants reports on our latest missions.”
So, anyways, I got your room set up again. I didn’t want the staff to do it, they don’t know where things are supposed to go. I mean JARVIS could’ve told them but they’re never on our floors anyways, they also have more than enough work to do cleaning up the labs in R&D. I should probably give Riley a raise, I think he’s due for one soon anyway and I honestly have no idea how he got those scorch marks out. Plus, his daughter is starting to apply for college. I need to go over accounts before December. I know I have people for that and I’m not CEO anymore, but I still like to go through it myself and Pepper indulges me bless her.
He heads back to his room running his hands through his hair, he’s tired, relieved, but tired. Hopefully he can actually get some sleep before his flight tomorrow morning. He’s packing up his stuff when he hears a knock on the door. When he opens it Steve is standing there, looking down at his feet quickly.
Steve comes back to New York early. Tony gets a text that he’s about to leave Wakanda and does not spend the rest of the morning freaking out thank you very much. He worries for longer than he’d like to admit about whether or not he should go to the airport, and although Steve isn’t due to arrive till around 5pm, he drives himself to the airport for 3. The excuse he uses in his head is that he’s feeling claustrophobic in the tower, the real reason is that he’s far too anxious to wait any longer and as much as he refuses to admit it to himself, he wants to see Steve as soon as possible and before anyone else. He considers waiting in the car briefly but gives up on that rather quickly once he realizes how poor the signal is in the parking garage. He opts instead to sit in one of the terrible airport cafes and pokes at his phone anxiously, barely drinking the coffee he bought. He has a spot where he can see the arrivals board clearly, Steve’s flight isn’t actually on there, he’s coming in privately and Tony will get a call when he lands, but for some reason he feels as though he needs to keep checking it.
“I think we should talk Tony, something happened there, and I don’t want it to happen again if I can help it. I don’t want you to pretend like everything’s okay when it’s clearly not.”
I hate how quiet it is here. Rhodey and Pep come to visit sometimes, but, they’re busy people you know? That’s part of why I used to throw so many parties, I don’t really like being alone… After Afghanistan, well I didn’t mind so much then, I had so much to do and so much to plan and organize… it was all consuming… After New York, well I protested a lot when people started moving in but I never really meant it. It was good to have people around, people I cared about.
he thought, putting on Steve's shirt that was on the floor. The piece was huge on Tony, larger at least two numbers, but the smell of Steve impregnated in it made him close his eyes for a moment and enjoy.
you and I will learn from your mistakes and adapt to them. They make you who you are.” Steve smiled. “As for being the one to blame for my death, that merit is Red Skull’s, not yours. And I went to trial for my actions. I went to war against you because I wanted to. I knew what I was doing. Or at least I
"So you mean Tony Stark still has some secrets?" He laid his forehead against Tony's and they both began to breathe the same air.
“Come for me, babe,” Steve said, meeting each of Tony’s thrusts, pounding inside him, finding his prostate, making Tony scream louder than before. “Let it out, Tony.”
gift." Tony managed to find the right words to form a coherent phrase while Steve's hand involved his balls. “It’s you who should enjoy it.”
"What’s your thing with sitting on the counter?" Steve stepped back to Tony's side, but didn’t sit up.
Apparently, Tony was able to denounce himself even when he tried to stay with his own thoughts. He was a damn open book for Steve. He sighed. “I know I should feel guilty and ashamed, and the worst of assholes now. Look at everything I told you. I
“You don't have to run.” Steve said with a sigh, taking off his helmet and getting that messy hair that Tony loved so much. “This is what I was trying to say.”
“Making jokes already, Cap? And we haven't even gotten there yet.” Tony smiled. "A night of surprises, it seems.”
"Tony, you don't owe me an apology for anything," Rhodes said after a long sip of his cappuccino. "By the way, if you knew I was involved, would you have dropped the case?" Rhodes smiled.
to the position of Director of SHIELD.” Tony emphasized each word, making quotes in the air. “The government fell for Osborn and accepted the proposal. Thus, I was deposed from the position of Director of SHIELD. But we know that Norman Osborn can’t be trusted because his plans have plans. Nothing is ever what it seems. And this time wasn’t different. He didn’t want to be Director of the largest spy agency in the world simply because the goodness bug stung him and he decided he’d be nice. He had other plans.”
"Maybe it's time for you to improve on this and call this girl to do something other than the decathlon, right?" Steve winked.
It took Steve a few moments to look away from Tony’s perfection to look him in the eye, two pieces of the blue sky of the most perfect summer day, bright, smart, intelligent, scathing, quick, analytical, benevolent and able to express so much love. Tony was incredible, the owner of all the best adjectives that the languages that Steve knew had. He finally focused on the present.
That's why Tony would do everything in his power to make this weekend perfect, not just for him, but especially for Steve.
With a great effort and feeling his undersuit start getting uncomfortable where his cock grew hard without his permission with every thought he also didn’t authorize about Steve… about Steve sucking Tony’s neck, leaving marks, marking Tony as his possession, going down to his nipples, teasing them with his hot tongue, driving Tony crazy…
You believed me when I promised that we would win together, but I knew I could never stop loving you when you believed when I said that we would lose together, that we would be together no matter what happened.
“Start? What are we starting with?” Tony asked, his heart hammering in his chest, threatening to wake the entire block.
Rhodes sighed, defeated. "I expected more than twenty-four hours, but apparently, I'm not that lucky."
“Oh, really? Why?” Steve asked cautiously and tried to get more comfortable, still with Tony on top of him.
For several seconds, which seemed like hours, no one said anything. Finally, Tony wrapped an arm around Steve's waist and pulled him toward the door.
Steve came over and covered them both with his arms. He kissed the top of Liz's head and he and Tony exchanged a quick kiss amid their smiles.
“Everything under control,” Steve said. “The Hulk just threw the last of the agents through the entrance. What about there?”
“Very well. In five minutes in the quinjet,” Steve looked around the room and nodded. “Avengers Assemble!”
“Box? Wait a minute, the one Strange brought in?” Tony saw Steve's expression change from confusion to understanding, to confusion again, and ended in suspicion. “Tony, what did you do with the box? Tell me you haven’t-”
Tony laid Steve on the laboratory floor. He couldn't stand to get anywhere more comfortable. His undersuit was already over the edge of the uncomfortable. Steve moaned and brushed his lips on Tony's. He circled Tony's lips with his tongue who opened his mouth slightly, letting Steve drive his tongue in. Without hesitation, their tongues were in a duel, both of them gasping for breath, their groins aligned and grinding into the other.
Steve snorted. “We only argued because we wanted the same things in different ways. We believed that we knew what was best for the group. Sometimes we were able to find consensus and work together. It was incredible when it happened, remember?”
Tony’s brain was no longer functioning. He hadn’t heard anything. It was probably another one of those beautiful and inspiring speeches that only Steve knew how to give, because Tony only managed to pay attention to one part and no other.
Suddenly the elevator door opened, startling Tony, who needed half a glass of water to recover and send the food in the right place.
The penthouse glowed softly enough for Tony to see the way from the elevator to the kitchen, where he went straight to the huge coffee machine and poured himself a mug of boiling coffee and took a sip without waiting for it to cool enough.
Steve almost replied "tired," but he looked at Wanda and realized from her smiling stare that it wasn’t about his physical state she was asking.
and nobody else’s.” And to prove his point, Tony slid his hand down Steve’s back and squeezed one of his cheeks.
"I'll make an effort," Steve teased Tony's fingers absently. "Now that you're here, it's going to be easier.”
“I missed your optimism,” Tony said. “But it’s easy for you to say. You died as a martyr. I was deposed as an outcast.”
"Once again, Captain," the demigod shook Steve's hand. "My apologies for the chaos my uncle caused. I hope to find you in friendlier situations.”
the practical part of his brain soon woke up too and came to dominate and, along with it, Tony's stomach. Remembering in the last instant that Friday was not present, Tony decided to go down to the kitchen. Doing all he could to keep Steve sleeping, he squirmed to get out of his embrace, got out of bed and groped across the floor until he found the piece of clothing with the fabric that most resembled a pair of underwear. Still relying on his touch, Tony put on the piece of clothing, hoping the underwear was not inside out, and went down the stairs to the kitchen, turning on the lights on the first floor along the way.
“You look beautiful in my shirt,” Steve looked Tony up and down, warming up Tony’s entire body in the process. Tony already felt that his boiling point was close. He shrugged, pretending nonchalance. “It was the first thing I found thrown around the room. I thought you wouldn’t mind if I borrowed it.”
Tony came over and kissed Steve. No hurry, no lust, no despair. Only love and surrender, with the intimacy that they always had, but never could, in fact, have.
“Steve, and now pay close attention to what I’m going to say to you, do you understand?” Tony held Steve’s face in his hands and Steve nodded, paying full attention to Tony. Tony’s smile widened. “I
“I kept thinking about everything we’ve ever lived through, you know,” Steve said. “So many battles won and lost together, so many sleepless nights thinking about strategies or just talking, movie and game nights with our friends, and I couldn’t understand when we had lost each other.” Tony watched Steve run his fingers through his hair in frustration. “But there came a time when I knew we needed to talk, that I thought I had all the answers to our problems. I was very arrogant, I know, to think I knew everything. But then, you suggested a truce to talk and that was all I needed. And I went. But I didn’t think about what I was doing, because when I arrived at the mansion that day, when I saw you, without armor, just being you, open, vulnerable, I forgot everything because I wasn’t ready
Tony cleared his throat, trying not to look uncomfortable. After that first night with Steve, he’d forgotten what it was like to not smile and look serious. Since that first night, all the dreams that Tony thought impossible had come true and all of them had to do with Steve sleeping and waking up every day by his side, hugging him, kissing him, and making him sigh with every touch and every loving look. Pretending that none of that was happening simply because Strange was there seemed pretty unfair, but Steve had insisted that it’d avoid many discomforts and embarrassing explanations. “No. Absolutely none.”
"When you least expect it, Steve, dear, Nick Fury and his eye patch will be knocking on our door, and then, goodbye, quiet time."
“Oh.” Tony found himself thinking that Steve looked adorable with that surprised expression on his face, especially when he tried to disguise it.
“I had just come back from the dead.” Steve frowned. “And one day I got a call from Bucky, telling me that I had to go find Pepper, that it was urgent and that it had to do with bringing you back from the dead. That you needed me. Thor went there too.”
"Like I said, it looks like they have another bomb than that one you destroyed in Alaska. And this one is even more powerful, with a greater power of destruction.”
Six seconds later the elevator doors opened to the hangar, where the quinjet was already on, the rear ramp lowered, waiting for the two.
But what about Steve? How much did he remember since he was … since he died? Did he remember all the conversations, all the struggles, all the lies that seemed to be true? Did he remember every feeling, every pain, every betrayal, every stab? Did he still remember Tony?
Tony fought the urge to go to the other side and hug him, comfort him, say that everything was fine now, that Steve was at home, that Tony was there with him, that Tony would protect him this time. Having Steve being so honest, sincere and vulnerable did things to Tony’s heart that Tony hadn’t allowed himself to feel for a long time.
They ate in silence for a while, only with the sound of the waves outside framing the ambience. When they were finished, Steve collected the plates and glasses and put them into the sink. He stared at Tony.
"Are you okay, Tony?" Steve's voice called out and Tony remembered to look like a normal human being again and not someone who's watching the beauty of his new client's biceps.
Clint used one of his arrows to launch a rope to pull him and Natasha up and Sam took Steve. In the middle of their way up they heard the explosion.
Tony unfolded the sheet of paper and began to read. At that moment, the door to the lab opened, revealing Steve carrying two steaming mugs that filled the room with the smell of coffee.
Tony leaned back and propped himself up on his elbows, giving Steve a privileged view of his body and smirked. “Do you see anything you like, Steve, darling?”
When his eyes got used to the glow, Tony was out of his breath, and he was able to see the very mysterious ingredient that Strange had talked about earlier. “A
Steve shrugged. “Don’t judge yourself so hard. It wasn’t a mission or anything.” He suddenly stopped and looked sideways at Tony. “It wasn’t a mission, was it?”
Tony looked at Steve one more time and wasn’t surprised to find the soldier staring at him, his eyes inscrutable. Maybe he was imagining things.
"All right." Tony clapped his hands. "Everyone knows what to do. We'll meet up here later for the reports.”
“What did I do to deserve you?” Tony asked, taking Steve's helmet off, and running his fingers through his hair.
They stared at each other for long seconds, in silence, and for an instant, time seemed to freeze and everything was like before. They were best friends again, Tony could allow all the butterflies in the world to invade his stomach while Steve was around, they could share secrets by the direct line that their minds had with each other, and everything was perfect, nothing wrong was happening or had happened. Tony remembered everything. Steve had always been there, there had never been a war between them.
Nat leaned back in his chair. "Smart answer." She turned to Bruce. "Come on, it's our turn to sing."
Tony sighed and managed to sit up, despite the nausea.. “I wonder if the concept of compatible applies to just one of the two people involved in such a sexual act…” Tony wondered aloud. “Besides, why not say
"Let Tony know we've already started, and for him to come right here or I'll go to that lab myself and I’ll pick him up, and he won’t like my methods."
"Now put three cups of flour into the bowl, three tablespoons of salt, and then break the eggs and mix slowly."
“It’s part of my charm, babe.” Tony bent down to kiss him, and the movement made Steve’s cock change inside Tony and they both moaned. “Oh, wow, didja feel that?” Tony rested his hands on Steve's chest and bent his knees back, looking for the best position. “Hmmm,
“Well, we need to decide what food we’re going to serve, what we’ll have in the bar, the music and if we’ll have decoration.”
"Well, first, know that I'm the newest guest in your house," Tony tried to look at Peter's reaction, but the boy's expression was just a raised eyebrow. Tony really expected more, but he could handle surprises. "Your dad offered your guest room for me to use while I'm here. Is that okay to you?"
Without really wanting to detach from each other, they both leaned one head on the other and tried to catch their breathes. It was then that the claps began. All the guests had gathered around the dance floor and applauded them, who smiled at each other without stopping.
Blinking a few times to adjust his vision, Tony tried to move and found himself with his legs stuck. For an instant of panic, his fighting side had already imagined that he was trapped by enemies and that plans would be needed for an escape. As he looked down, despair threatening to come up, Tony saw his legs intertwined with two others and then the memories of the previous night hit him like a cosmic punch (believe it, it is an extraordinary force). How good it was to be able to have memories to remember, even more memories as beautiful as those.
With the coffee ready, Tony poured the boiling liquid into two mugs that he found in the cupboard over the sink, and went back to the bedroom, where Steve was still sleeping. Tony left Steve’s mug on the nightstand beside him, and went to the front of the huge window, admiring New York, already frantic. In fact, he had no idea what time it was, or whether anyone had looked for him, and to be honest with himself, Tony didn’t care. All that mattered was that bubble in which he was with Steve.
“Do you want us to question someone?” Interrogations were not Tony's favorite role, he preferred to create the equipment and leave that part to the experts.
to wait. I wanted to understand what had happened, I wanted to help you and ...” Steve hesitated. He exhaled, resigned. “I also wanted you to help me. The two of us coming back from the dead? What are the chances?” Steve let out a sad laugh. “But I had to leave, I had to leave you there with Strange, hoping for the best, praying that you would come back. I wish that we could talk and do what we are doing now, but there, at that moment. I ...” Steve looked away, suddenly unsure of what to say.
I’m part of the academic decathlon team, he was part of the athletics team. He was a year older than I am and he had friends who weren’t friends with me or my friends. We never even took classes together, Mr. Stark. I don't even know where he lived. How could I have killed someone I didn't even know? Why would I have a reason for that?"
"Steve, it's great," Tony said, putting the suitcase on the floor. "It's better than a five star room. It's your home. There's family in every corner of this place," Tony smiled. "I couldn't feel that warmth even in the best hotel in the world." Tony saw that Steve turned red, but he wouldn't rectify a word. It was all true. Everything in that house screamed love, affection, family. Things Tony didn't know what they were in a long time.
“Because everyone gets back what they offered.” Strange smirked. “See you in a few days.” He then turned his back on Tony, spun his arm in the air a few times, opening a portal framed of light, which would take him straight to his living room at the Sanctum Sanctorum.
Three minutes later, all eleven Avengers were gathered around the unconscious but alive body of Ares.
Tony was breathing fast, his heart was pounding in his ears, and he felt dizzy. Steve said he wanted to see Tony. That was good, right? But he hadn’t left Tony much of a choice.
Steve pulled away enough to catch his breath, he and Tony resting on each other, sharing the same air. “Tony?”
Stephen Strange came to get back his box a week after mysteriously showing up asking Tony and the Avengers to keep an eye on it.
Steve's car keys were on the kitchen island. So, why not go to the police station and surprise Steve and enjoy getting to know Peter a little better? People didn't call Tony a genius for nothing. Before leaving, he took an apple from the refrigerator, ran his hands over the car key and left quickly, before Steve could return and spoil the surprise.
“That I don’t have to lie anymore, that all that weight on my back can finally go. Because I know which path I must take and how I will be on it.”
“Just keep firing,” Natasha said in a voice as bored as his. “The sooner we finish here, the faster we go home.”
Before Bruce could respond, Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, and Thor came in discussing something that seemed important. The three side by side were an incredible view, which made it impossible to look away for a second. Tony already had his Iron Man armor covering his whole body, except for the head, Steve was carrying Captain America's shield on his back, but he was already wearing his helmet, and Thor was carrying his huge ax as if it had not any weight, with his cape fluttering behind him.
Steve pinched his nose and sighed. “Okay. First of all, you yourself, Stark said sex-pollen only works with our greatest passions and desires. And only the person we desire the most can take the pollen out. Besides, you wanna see something?” Steve looked up to the ceiling. “Jarvis?”
Half an hour later Friday warned that the pizzas had arrived and that Natasha had already prepared the cards on the center table in the living room of the penthouse.
“Liz,” Tony said and Steve saw the girl gasp listening at her name being said loud and clear by Tony. “Give us a chance to show that we can be good substitute parents.”
“Keep going,” Tony heard Steve say in a dreamy voice, followed by a delicate touch of a lube-covered finger, caressing his shaft. “It’s beautiful, Tony.” Tony groaned. Steve increased the pressure, surrounding Tony’s entrance with his finger, while Tony kept stroking himself, until, without warning, Steve broke the barrier and slowly put the whole finger inside.
Tony smiled at Strange, his best magazine-cover smile, as Steve called it. “Strange, as you said yourself, I'm a genius.” He held out his arms again and, reluctantly, Stephen Strange handed the golden box to Tony. It was extremely light and Tony considered the possibility that Strange was playing a trick on them and that there was nothing inside.
“Why did you stop?” Tony was startled by his own breathless voice, and they weren’t even completely naked yet. Steve’s power over him was surreal.
didn’t know that.” Steve looked Tony in the eye and raised an eyebrow. You didn’t have to be an out-of-memory billionaire genius to understand what that meant. Tony’s heart raced.
“But I couldn’t wait for you to wake up. I got a call from Bucky, asking for help with an emergency and I needed to leave you.” Steve looked deep into Tony’s eyes. “I asked Pepper to tell you to come and talk to me when you wake up, that I needed to see you, but then I knew you were awake, and you never came to talk to me. I thought you were too furious with me for everything that had happened between us so that we couldn’t at least try to talk.”
“It always ended in sex. But it was...” Steve's neck turned red showing that he had suddenly become shy. Tony thought it was amazing how he managed to get out of a sensational blowjob and turn red describing an erotic dream. “Hmmm... It was always wild, so to speak. Neither of us spoke much, but always had a lot of mouth, teeth and you...”
"No need to ask twice, Spidey,” Hulk smiled and held Peter by his feet and threw him like a ball around the hydra. A few laps later, Spider-Man's super-tough web had gripped the monster's legs, knocking it to its knees.
“So, what I was told is true?” Steve asked, his eyes shining in a new way that Tony had never seen before.
As soon as he got in the Stark Tower at the end of another workday at Stark Resilient, a day that passed by him without him even remembering what he had done, and that he allowed himself to take a shower, his feet didn’t take him to bed or to the kitchen. He found himself walking straight to the lab and wearing the stealth armor once again.
"No problem." She picked up the deck, shuffled it with professional skill, and looked at Clint. "Clint, small blind, okay?”
“How did you know I was out there?” It was eating Tony alive. He hadn’t many things he was proud of in his life, but his inventions were certainly some exceptions. If one failed, what was the purpose?
, esteeming him as if he was something of great value that deserved all the care, Tony finally felt something that he thought wasn't possible. He felt free.
Tony had never told anyone that, but since he and Steve were there, since they were planning to start over, nothing could be fairer than having no secrets between them. Not even one that big.
promised. I said nothing.” Nat turned and headed for the spare elevator, since Tony had destroyed the first one.
The pasture with the cows was still on the screen behind Fury, and Tony clasped his fingers in front of his body, framing Fury and the holographic screen.
Tony’s mouth watered with the tempting proximity and took another bite of his slice. Steve's gaze flew to his mouth and returned to his eyes.
“I’m really glad you made it back.” Tony ended up saying, even though it was a silly and generic phrase, that didn’t even begin to express the flood of feelings inside him.
After that, there was no room for many other words, with mouths occupied on each other and everywhere where there was exposed skin. They had a lot of time lost to make up, many wounds to heal, but the prospect of a new, bright and optimistic future, full of possibilities only served to warm hearts even more, to bubble blood and increase the volume of moans and sighs. Tony was afraid that all of New York would hear him scream Steve’s name, but in the end, he didn’t care. Let everyone know who he belonged to, to whom Steve dedicated his love. They were each other’s and Tony wanted everyone to know.
Then, with a sigh, Tony grabbed his suitcase and prepared for what was to come, the next blow. He looked at Steve and thought about what to say. "Come on," Steve called, interrupting Tony's line of reasoning. "I’ll show you your room."
Tony smiled back and it was glorious to see how genuine that smile was, reaching his eyes, making them shine and wrinkle at the sides. Steve’s heart was filled with affection and a need above all others to defend Tony from anything that could harm him and get that smile off his face. He was even more beautiful when he smiled like that. And Steve decided that he would make Tony smile like that every day, because that was what Tony deserved. Steve would make him happy and loved.
The Chief stared at Steve, with half-closed eyes, studying him, looking for a breach, a crack to enter. But he found nothing.
“What's going on, Doctor?” Steve asked, his voice denouncing all the concern that he was surely holding.
you and I will learn from your mistakes and adapt to them. They make you who you are.” Steve smiled. “As for being the one to blame for my death, that merit is Red Skull’s, not yours. And I went to trial for my actions. I went to war against you because I wanted to. I knew what I was doing. Or at least I
can't," he said bitterly, sitting on the floor, all messed up, feeling humiliated, looking at Steve trying to hit him with all the sadness and sharp accusation that his gaze could show. “After all, the great Steve Rogers would
“Very well,” Tony said, settling on Steve’s lap, so that his legs wouldn’t go numb, he took a deep breath and let his hands slide from Steve’s face to his chest and rest there. “And we just postponed our bath, is that what I’m seeing here?” Tony pretended disapproval.
Steve thought about what Tony had said. Of course, it made sense. Peter was being exposed because of him. And not in an slightly uncomfortable way, as you might expect being the son of someone with some reputation. He was being exposed in the worst possible way. And it was all his fault.
is impossible, not even to love someone you just discovered to be your daughter, despite the extremely atypical circumstances.” Steve was now with his hands on the table, looking deeply at the girl. That was his last trick. “And I'm sure we here aren’t so different from our versions there. And what makes me believe it so strongly is to know that if I were in their shoes, I would pray that the best part of me, my daughter, would find someone willing to love her and take care of her as if it were me. You don’t see us as your parents, nor as people capable of loving you and helping you, but we already see you as
“So, Liz,” Natasha continued in the other room. “I don’t think there's anything better than going into the Avengers than meeting our leaders, what do you think?”
Clint then bet four more chips. Tony called and placed four of his chips in the center of the table. His game could still improve, he could feel it. Steve also called by placing four chips in the amount in the center of the table. Tony watched with a raised eyebrow.
Tony turned around and almost ask aloud, "don’t you agree, Steve?", but at that moment, Steve's hand was back on his leg, hot and unashamed, breaking into the few inches Tony's pants gave him access and he was no longer able to reason coherently.
Even in that position, Tony was the one in charge. He kept thrusting his body against Steve’s, each time increasing the speed of his thrusts, up to the moment Tony’s body started tensing up, and Steve felt his hole clamp down on his cock.
The silence that followed was so intense that it would be possible to touch it. As they all absorbed the girl's –  Liz – words and related them to all other similarities more than clear, Natasha smiled. It was obvious that the Steve and Tony she knew didn’t have a daughter, so that girl right in front of her confirmed what were only theories and fantasies: that other dimensions, with other versions of us, in fact, exist.
"All you need to know is that you're going to need light clothes because it's hot there." Tony ducked down so that only Steve could hear. "Although I'm not sure if you'll have time to wear your clothes.”
“Of course. I'd never lie in front of Captain America.” Tony walked over to Strange and reached for the box, but Strange dodged. “I thought you wanted me to keep this in my vault.” Tony frowned.
"Oh, yes, thank you," Tony was still dizzy with the exhausting flight and the eight-hour time zone, but he still managed to smile at the man in front of him.
, Rogers. For years now. But I never allowed myself more than just dreaming, after all, how someone like you could want someone like me?”
He was pacing up and down, not sure if he should run out and meet Peter at the police station or if he waited and tried to find a lawyer ... "Natasha! She will know where I can find a lawyer." With a racing heart, Steve dialed Natasha's number, which he knew by heart. Two rings later, she answered.
“Why did you stop?” Tony was startled by his own breathless voice, and they weren’t even completely naked yet. Steve’s power over him was surreal.
"I'm just telling you not to panic or anything. I know you." She looked at him intently, as if she could see into him. "And you deserve it too.”
They were in the lab and Tony couldn’t remember the last time Peter had woken up so early on his own. That was really important to the boy, being a hero and fighting with the Avengers had become an essential part of who he was, but after Thanos, Tony felt even more responsible for him. So Tony took on the task of supervising Peter's studies and making sure that no aspect of life outside the Avengers was neglected. Besides, Tony had given his word to May that she could trust him.
"You. First, put your other hand on the table, too." Natasha raised an eyebrow and looked at Tony, then returned to Steve. The message was clear:
"You know he's innocent and you're doing everything in your power to help your son get out of there," Tony fought the urge to hold Steve's hand over the table. "I'm here to help. And that's what I'm doing. I promise. We'll get your son out of there and we will prove that he's innocent."
In a slightly sharper way than he planned, Tony dropped Steve and focused on the girl. Her features were perfect, beautiful, and impeccably harmonious. He focused on the eyes: large, round, brown and bright, extremely expressive and curious. A pair of eyes that Tony faced every day when he looked in the mirror. The physical characteristic of him that Steve liked the most.
“But I didn’t know that,” Tony said, in an accusing tone. “Nobody told me anything about you actually being there.”
man. Tall, slim and muscular, but not overly exaggerated, just enough to fill in a uniform in the right places to show grandeur, or casual clothing to make the mouths of mortal pals water. His skin was pale, almost pink on his cheeks, as if he was always embarrassed by something. It was cute. His hair was of a dark golden color, which reflected the light when he moved. His features were symmetrical, straight nose, mouth designed with full pink lips, which were beautiful when smiling, amazing azure eyes, that shone with every emotion Steve was feeling, and everything on his face was smooth, although he had been in the Army for years. And Tony almost choked on his water when he saw that Steve was wearing clothes very similar to his own, gray sweatpants and a navy blue T-shirt, leaving his arms exposed. And, damn, what arms.
“Even if I put a spell on it, the box would still be at the mercy of other sorcerers who could undo the spell and steal it.” Strange started to explain with a note of impatience in his voice. “I need it to be protected, locked and constantly monitored. You are the obvious choice.”
Tony shook his head, tears falling again. No, he was no good. Nobody good needs to erase their own memory after having helped install chaos. Tony was a weed, a cute plant, but one that can destroy everything if not controlled.
They stared at each other for long seconds, in silence, and for an instant, time seemed to freeze and everything was like before. They were best friends again, Tony could allow all the butterflies in the world to invade his stomach while Steve was around, they could share secrets by the direct line that their minds had with each other, and everything was perfect, nothing wrong was happening or had happened. Tony remembered everything. Steve had always been there, there had never been a war between them.
“Yes, it all happened, but long story short, only my body died, Tony.” A shiver ran through Tony’s body when he heard his own name being said by Steve. Would he get used to it again?
"Fantastic," Steve turned, unlocked the door and put Tony's suitcase inside, locking the door again. "Can we go now?" They got in the car and headed out towards the police station.
"I didn’t program you to be mistaken." He picked up his handbag and, with a large swallow of air, left the room.
But in the end, there she was taking the daughter of Steve Rogers and Tony Stark to meet her parents.
Everyone moved. It was impressive Steve's ability to lead a team like that, Tony couldn't help thinking, with so many conflicting personalities, huge egos and everyone with enough power to question his leadership. But nobody did. On the contrary, everyone respected him a lot and waited for the Captain's orders. How could he do that?
"You loved me," Tony said to Steve's lips as he stroked his golden hair. "And you loved me so much and for so long that the universe could not remain indifferent to such a beautiful and enduring feeling.”
"You will never have the Earth under these dirty hands!" Thor screamed and ran toward Ares, who screamed back and ran toward Thor. With an unimaginable leap, the two curled up in the air, and with the impact, a gust of wind blew the windows of the surrounding buildings.
“Quick, we only have fifteen seconds,” Tony said. Without waiting for further encouragement, Thor summoned his lightning and they began to rise, carrying the weapon with them.
"Don’t worry," Natasha said. "I'll start arranging everything and as soon as I have something I'll send it to you.”
"Then why are you sitting in your closet talking to me when you could have left ten minutes ago for your trip with your boyfriend?" Friday asked.
He helped Steve kick his pants off and let Steve sit him on the edge of the bed. Thankfully, because, honestly, he didn’t quite know how much longer his legs would last after so many emotions that night.
"Great. With Peter out of jail, we're going to prepare the next step in our defense," Tony smiled again, leaning back, satisfied with his reasoning.
Steve kissed Tony's face. Tony closed his eyes and let himself be lost there for a few seconds. As Steve stepped back, he smiled the most loving smile Tony had ever seen.
“Well, it wasn’t my best choice, but Thor and I managed to drive his lightning bolts with my shield, hitting straight into your new reactor. It worked, but you remained unconscious,” Steve shrugged sheepishly and looked away.
Tony took a note from his jacket pocket and left it on the table. "I gotta go. I have to get my client out of jail and surprise his father."
"Half of these things you already have." Steve ate a strip of bacon, pretending nonchalance. "You and me. The rest happens wherever we are. 'Cause I'll always be here as long as you want me.”
"Does anyone have anything to add or maybe want to change in the plan?" Thor asked, swinging the weight of his ax in his hands.
“Very well.” Tony took a sip of coffee, leaned back on the bench and crossed his arms, without taking his eyes off Steve. Since they had arrived until that moment, the one Tony was so afraid of, what was the reason for not looking Steve in the eye? “Just before you died, I was appointed Director of SHIELD and was in control of the information of the Superhero Registration Act. After all, I thought that if there was someone reliable enough at that moment to have access to that information, it was me. Then, you were killed.” Tony took another sip of coffee. Steve’s expression was neutral, giving away absolutely nothing. “Nobody was expecting that to happen. You were going to trial for treason, most people agreed that you were a criminal. But then, it was as if those shots that hit you had broken an evil spell, and they all came out of the dome inside which they hid during our fight. They remembered who you were. People came to think that perhaps your side in the Civil War wasn’t as wrong as they thought. And then, they remembered about me and what I stood for all that time. People started to
“Tony, I-” Steve started, but he never finished the sentence, because Tony didn’t wait for it. The invitation was right there, in front of him. So, he just held it and, with all the passion and willingness he had, he put Steve’s cock in his mouth and sucked, taking all the air out of Steve’s lungs in the process. Tony was very good at that and he knew it. He would do his best for Steve. And he did. Feeling the blood pounding in his ears, Tony slid his tongue all over the bottom, making Steve’s knees buckle and faltering, making him kneeling, giving full access to Tony, who was, little by little, putting all Steve’s cock in his mouth, delighting in the weight of it on his tongue, until he felt it touch the back of his throat.
“Come on, Tony, ask the questions you want to ask,” Steve said with a half-smile. “I told you, I didn’t ask you here to fight. I want to talk.”
the day before, damn it. Why couldn’t I call you?” Tony laughed bitterly. “Pepper called Rhodes and Maria Hill and they gave a summary as detailed as possible of everything that had happened. Honestly, I don’t know what shocked and hurt me the most, knowing that we had fought over something as stupid as a law - I kept wondering why we hadn’t sat down to talk and solve it - and how was it possible for you to be dead. I had never, in any of my predictions, seen you dying. Never. That had never been a possible scenario. And there it was,” Tony spread his arms, pointing at Steve, as if to prove his point. “The stuffing of the story I got by myself, watching countless security videos, reading my own files, and asking Reed a few other things,” Tony took the last sip of his coffee, placed the cup delicately on the kitchen island and looked at Steve. “There. Now you know what happened to me while you were gone.”
"How lucky I am to have the whole country partying for me, right?" Steve said acidly as he set the glasses in the sink.
He blinked a few times and focused his vision on the soldier's face, who was looking at him with an amused expression.
Taking advantage of every second, Tony jerked and sucked, moved away to catch his breath, but always teasing the cock’s head with his thumb, only to go back and swallow it all up again. Steve, in turn, moaned and sighed, holding Tony's hair tightly, moving his hips toward the warmth and wetness of Tony's mouth.
"No," Bucky said. "But we've just finished with the dragon. We can help you search. Where exactly are you?”
"Get over it, please," Clint raised his hands defensively. "Tomorrow I'll get another jar of pickles just for you.”
“I still don’t know how that’s possible,” Tony’s voice came muffled from where he was with his face hidden in Steve’s neck.
"Why don’t you take those things up there?" Tony pointed to the suitcases on the floor, "and you come back here? This heat is killing me and I need to drink something.”
Tony tightened his arms around Steve and grabbed his hair between his fingers, pulling them back to make Steve look at him. “Still, you took a great risk here, Rogers. Why did you do that? You
He had always loved Steve. Even when he thought he didn’t, even when he thought he had gotten over it, even when he thought he hated Steve, even when he was with other people trying to deceive himself. All that time he loved Steve more than anything. All that time he wanted Steve by his side and he wanted to be by Steve’s side. During all those moments when he told himself that feeling was a lie, all he wanted most was to be where he was now, in Steve’s arms, opening his heart, being loved back, no longer needing to hide, being able to be himself. He can be powerful with Steve, he can be whatever he wanted, because Steve would always be there to support him, to be the voice of reason when Tony exaggerated; to go with Tony, even when it was dangerous, because that’s what Steve did: he was always with Tony, side by side.
"Ahem," Tony cleared his throat exaggeratedly, drawing the attention of the deputy, who turned to him. "Chief, if it's not too much trouble, I would like to have access to documents regarding my client's arrest and Captain Rogers here would like to be able to see his son," he opened what Steve thought was his most convincing professional smile, made to persuade, not to warm, because his eyes didn't crinkle at the sides and there was no sparkle in them, just an objective to be achieved.
That seemed to encourage Steve, who took another step towards Tony. “I see the sun. A star so beautiful, powerful and warm, that everyone wants to stay around when it suits, but that many underestimate, that many even forget that it’s there, but it is, looking after each one of us, taking care, thinking about what’s best for us all.”
Steve frowned, not understanding. He sat in one of the chairs in the quinjet and Tony stood in front of him, isolating the two of them from the rest of the team the best he could.
Tony thought when their mouths met. Releasing the moan he had suppressed earlier, Tony invaded Steve's mouth, sipping his taste in a hurry, as if Steve were the last oasis in the desert where Tony had been lost. With a grunt, Steve gripped Tony hard and pulled him up, sitting him on his lap and getting trapped between his legs.
"That's okay, Tony," Steve smiled. "It's a funny story. It'll do me good. In fact, you know, Peggy was the one who taught me that when we're going through an extremely difficult situation, the ones we don't know how to solve, the first thing to do is to take a shower and then a glass of wine. Then, yes, you can focus on your problem, because there'll be no other concerns inside of you. All of them were washed by water and wine. So you'll have space to give your full attention to your problem," and, to emphasize, he took another sip of the wine.
“Me and you, we tried to talk.” Steve was looking at Tony. “Before things really got worse during the War, we met at the Mansion and talked.”
Even though he didn’t remember what actually had happened, even though he had been told everything that happened the day he erased his memory, Tony knew what he most likely had felt. He was still him, only with a piece of his mind missing. It was frustrating, but he did his best to find the most accurate description possible of his own feelings to tell Steve. “Redemption, perhaps? To make sure that your death was not in vain? After all, you died after fighting that stupid Act. And look where it had taken us. Everyone was now seeing that the Act wasn’t the solution, everyone realized that you weren’t the villain of the story, the
Tony bent down, resting his hands on his knees, trying to catch his breath and compose himself. He cleared his throat. “No worries, Strange. We'll take care of your box and keep it safe.”
He had always loved Steve. Even when he thought he didn’t, even when he thought he had gotten over it, even when he thought he hated Steve, even when he was with other people trying to deceive himself. All that time he loved Steve more than anything. All that time he wanted Steve by his side and he wanted to be by Steve’s side. During all those moments when he told himself that feeling was a lie, all he wanted most was to be where he was now, in Steve’s arms, opening his heart, being loved back, no longer needing to hide, being able to be himself. He can be powerful with Steve, he can be whatever he wanted, because Steve would always be there to support him, to be the voice of reason when Tony exaggerated; to go with Tony, even when it was dangerous, because that’s what Steve did: he was always with Tony, side by side.
"Don’t think for a second that I'm an idiot, Tony," she said in the quietest voice of the world, and Tony could only associate that tone with danger.
He helped Steve kick his pants off and let Steve sit him on the edge of the bed. Thankfully, because, honestly, he didn’t quite know how much longer his legs would last after so many emotions that night.
And there, alone again, as if everything that had just happened was just a dream too good to be lived, as if Tony had refused the best of the prizes, he prepared to go home.
"Not at all." He let out a low moan as he felt Steve's fingers in his hair. "Actually, I think the universe really likes us, that’s why it always gives us a little time alone.”
“And we're sorry for that,” Steve said. “But give us a chance. We were there, on the other side of that wall, and all Tony wanted most was to come across it to hold you and say that everything's going to be all right now.” He stopped short because he heard himself screaming. It wasn’t fair they suddenly feel that huge feeling for that girl and be pushed away without even take the chance to say it to her.
was all she could think of when she finally had a clear view of the source. The spy had already seen a lot of unusual things in her life, from a super soldier frozen alive to space gods, but never anything like that. Clumped awkwardly in the fountain was a sort of huge, metallic, oval ship with a transparent top, opened, pointing toward the orange sky. Although sharply damaged by the sudden fall, the structure remained firm, coldly pretty and efficient, with polished and shiny curves that made Natasha's memory move uncomfortably, but she could not remember why she had the feeling of knowing that thing.
"Is it possible that he knows about you and her and everything else and is just waiting for you to slip?" Rhodes said when they arrived at the corner of the police station.
Tony kneeled in front of the box and instinctively leaned towards it. The box was a mermaid, singing a sweet, hypnotic melody, convincing Tony that whatever he was looking for was in there.
Steve sighed and nodded. Tony placed a plate and cutlery in front of where Steve had sat, and Steve helped himself. The two were facing each other, one on each side of the island, sitting on their benches. They ate in silence for a while, interrupted only by Steve's "hmmm", which made Tony smile every time.
Tony activated the armor’s repulsors and, with a graceful leap, crossed the distance between the buildings. He stepped out of the armor and left it outside, as a sign that he, as well, hadn’t come to fight. And even if Steve wanted to, he had the right and necessary force, especially against Tony off the armor.
Tony blinked, returning to the present, finding Steve looking at him expectantly and with an amused look. “Sorry, I was just, well, you know, thinking.”
"Does your son have friends?" Tony ignored Steve's question and tried to drink more of his coffee. Steve was amused by his grimace when he realized the coffee was gone.
“Help how?” She was talking loudly now, and Steve was relieved. She needed to exorcise all those demons and she could never manage to keep her cool. He was almost sure it was his other version who had taught her all these things and Steve had to restrain himself from smiling.
“You could be wearing a space suit and I'd still think you were the most handsome man in the universe. I guess the space suit would be easier to take out of you though.”
Steve’s eyes took in his whole vision and they were distressed, looking all over Tony’s face looking for something, trying to help. Tony wanted to say that it wasn’t his fault. Steve couldn’t control the fact that he was who he was, the most incredible, generous, funny person in a unique, sensitive way, and perfect in every way that Tony could think of, even in the flaws. Tony was the crooked vase there, the wrong piece. He just couldn’t say it. His throat was closed, his eyes filled with tears. He shook his head, trying, in one last effort, to tell Steve that it was a futile effort to reach him. Tony was hopeless.
Tony felt the tears return. It had been a long time since he had allowed himself to be so vulnerable in front of someone else (the last time that had happened, as far as he knew, was for Steve’s body). Tony had waited so long for that moment, waited so long for Steve to come back and prove that all the horrible news he had read was a lie. And now, when he received much more than he had asked for, when all of his biggest dreams, even the most secret ones, came true, he knew it was too much. He should already know that good things like that didn’t happen to him.
“Yeah, there was that,” Tony agreed. “He also dismantled SHIELD and created HAMMER.” Tony chuckled. “The metaphor still makes me laugh. It was there, in everyone’s face, what he intended to exchange the protective shield we had for an offensive and dangerous hammer. But nobody seemed to care. Your death left a very big vacuum in terms of morality and common sense.” Tony looked deep into Steve’s eyes. “You were our compass. Without you, everything has lost its connection.”
“According to my analysis at the time, you felt temporary effects of the flower’s pollen, Captain Rogers, but only while you smelled the flower. That’s why your perception of how the flower smelled was completely different from that Sir had.” Jarvis said. “However, the super soldier serum that runs through your veins blocked the harmful effects of the pollen as soon as it entered into your bloodstream, leaving it clean. Thus you did not experience the same symptoms as Mr. Stark.”
Before they even landed, Tony had already retracted his armor and waited at the edge of the back ramp.
Tony shrugged. “Well, it won’t be overnight, of course.” He took a sip of coffee. “But, yes, why not?” Tony turned to face Steve, who was not wearing anything. The lack of modesty, no shame, Steve comfortable with Tony, just made everything clearer. Tony traced the line from Steve’s chest to his navel and smiled. “In addition, the package comes with some very interesting bonuses.”
Steve blew out audibly. “Thank God, Tony. You worried me,” but he frowned. “But that doesn’t explain why you just remember things that happened over a year ago.”
Tony closed the distance between him and Steve, leaning his body against his and, without waiting for any confirmation beyond Steve’s lack of resistance and his firm hands on his waist, Tony, with his heart pounding with excitement or nervousness, he couldn’t quite say which one, kissed him.
The android released the girl and went to help Thor load the ship to the Quinjet, while Sam, Clint and Natasha escorted Liz into the aircraft.
"I know you can," Steve said, finally. "But you're in no shape to do anything right now," and that must be the voice Steve used when giving orders in the army, Tony thought. It was serious, authoritative, and impossible to contest. And with goosebumps going up his spine, Tony kept going down the NSFW path. "What you’re going to do," Steve continued. "It's going up to your room, taking a hot shower, coming down to eat whatever-your-dad-will-cook-in-record-time and go to rest."
Another smile in those beautiful brown eyes. "That's right! And do you know who I am?" Expectancy. The eyes waited now, without smiling. Steve looked at the rest of his face, his nose straight and showing no signs of ever being broken, his mouth with full, inviting lips, his harmonious cheekbones, his skin naturally tanned, healthy looking, and his hair smooth and well combed. Steve felt his face twitching sideways, his lips showing his teeth, his eyes narrowing. A smile. He knew that face and liked what he saw.
Steve considered the question and said nothing for a while. Finally, he let out a resigned sigh. “I don’t know.” He stopped for a moment. “Do we really need to leave?”
Steve's eyes widened. “Are you kidding? How could I not want you, Tony? Have you ever looked in the mirror? Have you ever paid attention to yourself? When you talk to people, when you’re out there risking your life to save the world every single day and then the other, when you pretend you don’t care, but do everything to keep us comfortable and always around, like a family?
Tony felt something inside him squirm uncomfortably. Steve had tried to change his past. Had he tried not to be frozen? Had he tried not to be an Avenger? Had he tried to never meet Tony?
Strange turned around enough so Tony could see his smug smile. “It looks like you really are a genius, Tony.” And then, Stephen Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme, disappeared into the portal, which closed as soon as he passed to the other side.
Tony activated the armor’s repulsors and, with a graceful leap, crossed the distance between the buildings. He stepped out of the armor and left it outside, as a sign that he, as well, hadn’t come to fight. And even if Steve wanted to, he had the right and necessary force, especially against Tony off the armor.
Tony's thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of Peter, who looked exactly as a high school student should be, wearing sweatpants, a shirt two sizes larger than his, white socks, unkempt hair, and the wrinkled face of those who spent hours studying. Tony knew that expression well. He saw it every morning when he looked at himself in the reflection of some new equipment in the laboratory.
"Who can predict when these things will happen?" He shrugged. "What I know is that the sooner we get used to these interruptions, the easier it gets to deal with them."
“Was true.” Steve smiled and tightened his arms around Tony, bringing him closer to him, to kiss the tip of his nose. “That I wanted you? Yes. That I want you? You can be damn sure I do. And that I love you too? Yes, I love you too so much, Shellhead. And not because of a goddamn flower.”
The afterwards scared him more than turning on the armor and leaving the hiding place. What would he say? Would he start by saying something or would Steve speak first? What would Steve say? Would Tony get hurt, no matter what? Was he prepared to take more pain?
“So what?” Tony was nervous about what was about to come, but the curiosity to know what Steve had thought of the sincerest monologue Tony had ever done, dedicated to his best friend’s lifeless body, was much greater.
Steve shrugged and looked a little embarrassed, a little unsure of himself. “I just want to make sure that we’re on the same page.”
"What?" Tony saw Steve asking, with a doubt line between his eyes. Tony didn't care and continued to sing.
“Oh, my God, Steve, how can you say those things and still be sexy like that?” Tony said, pinching one of Steve’s nipples between his fingers, making Steve throw his head back and moan loudly. Tony smiled, satisfied.
Steve moved smoothly, and soon the discomfort subsided and another sensation took its place. The best of sensations. Steve leaned over and left a trail of wet kisses from Tony’s face, down his neck, nibbling his earlobe, reaching his collarbone, sucking on the soft part of the connection with his neck and coming back, doing the reverse, while his hips met Tony’s without stopping, looking for the best rhythm, the one that would take them to paradise. By the way Tony squirmed beneath him it wouldn’t be long before it happened.
"We set out and ended up getting here," Thor said. "I could not use my lightning to stop him before."
"We're going to separate the group into three teams," Steve said. "Thor, Wanda and I are going North to face Ares. Falcon, Hawkeye, Iron Man and Vision, West. We have faced the hydra before, focus on the Furies and don’t let them touch you. Black Widow, Bucky, Spider-Man and Hulk, East. Use quick attacks to contain it.” Everyone nodded in agreement with the division of the groups. “The group that finishes first go to help the next one, okay?”
“Ah, I say so, yes,” Tony said and, with the hand that had the lube, he held his own erection and stroked himself a few times, putting a little show to Steve, who watched him, mesmerized. Tony groaned loudly.
Of course he could pretend he misunderstood, but everyone there knew that Steve's memory was perfect, in any dimension. He let out a heavy sigh.
Steve changed on the spot. A smile broke across his face, his expression softened and he raised an eyebrow. “
"She's like a sister to me. I met her during one of my first missions as a soldier ... and, I'm sorry, but I can't say any more than that. It's classified," Steve frowned, apologizing. "What I can say is that we became close friends after that. So close that she's Peter's godmother. He loves her and I know she'll do anything for him."
Sometime later, Steve quickly walked away to catch his breath and he smiled. “What’s it?” Tony asked, all disheveled and out of breath.
"Come on, let's go inside and I'll tell you," Tony reached out and Steve took it, entwining their fingers.
“Sir, unfortunately, your limbic system is invisible to my sensors, but making a correlation with other symptoms and hormonal changes, this combination can lead to an array of problems.” Jarvis started. “Such as increased sensitivity of the sense of smell and pheromone-processing, interference with memories that are strengthened by emotions, impaired ability to focus, increase in body temperature, mental confusion, impaired body movements, and these changes are certainly altering your libido, as well.”
Tony wrapped his legs tightly around Steve and arched his back in a desperate attempt to get him deeper, to get him to hit that wonderful spot again and again and again. Tony was out of control and Steve wasn’t much different. His pace became more frantic and his breathing more labored. Then, his hand was wrapped around Tony’s cock, trapped between the glued bodies, and with just a few strokes, Tony screamed and arched his back, giving himself entirely to Steve, coming like never before, leaving Steve’s hand covered with his cum, which Steve licked with no second thoughts, and that vision was almost enough to turn Tony on again.
Steve poured some wine into the two glasses, and they drank in silence. They weren't uncomfortable, but Tony didn't want to be silent.
Tony approached him and looked at the contents of the refrigerator once more, his eyes stopping at some potatoes.
"Yeah, we figured it out," Clint said, laughing, but tried to disguise it when Natasha nudged his ribs.
Tony really wanted to be able to know if he was still welcome to get Steve’s real smiles out, but his heart sank when he thought about everything they had not so long ago, everything they said Tony said to Steve and everything Steve said to Tony. It wasn’t pretty. They didn’t end it as friends. Not even as colleagues. They ended that War as enemies who hated each other, who managed to get the worst out of each other.
Diverting from a left-handed onslaught, Steve rolled forward of Cerberus and positioned himself defensively, with the shield in front of his body. The three heads of the infernal dog turned to him.
"Well, Tony," Natasha paused dramatically. "Now’s the time for you to prove why you were the lawyer chosen by S.H.I.E.L.D."
Tony smirked, noticing the change in subject, but let it go. “Yes, he did. He wanted the Superhuman Records that were being held by SHIELD.” Tony saw Steve’s eyes widen and raised his hands, calming him. “That’s why I said at the beginning that, when I accepted to be Director of SHIELD, I believed that I was the best option at that time for the position. I wouldn’t do anything that shouldn’t be done with those Records. So, before handing over the house keys to Osborn, I deleted the entire SHIELD database that contained the Records, including the backups.” Tony smiled smugly.
"I have no idea where we are, but it's beautiful," Steve commented, watching the landscape pass through the window.
As soon as he got in the Stark Tower at the end of another workday at Stark Resilient, a day that passed by him without him even remembering what he had done, and that he allowed himself to take a shower, his feet didn’t take him to bed or to the kitchen. He found himself walking straight to the lab and wearing the stealth armor once again.
"Looks like we're being attacked by... giant-legged snakes?" Peter ventured, looking at the holographic screen projected by the table in the center of the quinjet.
Tony shook his head. He didn’t know how he would react to Steve so close after all this time, even if only a few weeks had passed for him and not more than an entire year.
Tony had to give that to the pollen. It was truly powerful if it could make Tony see the reality like he would like it to be. So, why not enjoy it while he could, right?
should’ve been more honest from the start and said what was in that box. Maybe if you had said 'hey, there’s this flower inside that’ll make you want to fuck your teammate for almost 24 hours if you smell it' I wouldn’t have done anything.” Tony frowned at Strange.
“I thought time could make you see what I saw,” Steve said, standing up, almost in slow motion. He straightened up and stopped, giving Tony a chance to leave if he wanted to. Tony didn’t move. He couldn’t do it; his legs were glued to the floor and his ears needed to continue listening to what Steve had to say. Seeing that Tony wouldn’t leave, Steve took a step forward, slowly, without taking his eyes off Tony even for an instant. Tony was the cornered, dangerous and withdrawn animal, ready to escape at any moment and Steve was using all his persuasion to make him listen, to make him stay and
With a savage grunt, Steve went over to Tony and kissed him hard, without holding on, letting everything he had kept inside him, every year loving from a long distance, the frustration for the War that he fought for the principles he swore to protect, but that went against protecting the person he loved the most, for them finally having the courage to reveal their feelings for each other, all that, that whole dam had finally burst and nothing would be able to hold it back.
Tony’s heart swelled. Steve was waiting for consent. If Tony told him to stop, Steve would stop and they would never talk about what happened there. Tony smiled, released his leg from Steve’s hand and leaned toward him, looking deep into his eyes.
Tony cleared his throat and Steve was adorably red, but he took his hand from Tony's leg and placed it cross-lacedly on the table politely. "Great." Natasha smiled, and then looked at Tony. "You, big blind.”
are, they'll come running, and they'll surround you with those microphones. They'll bombard you with questions and it'll be deafening," Tony checked the contents of his briefcase and put it on his lap. "The most important thing here is: don't answer any questions they ask, understand? It'll be extremely tempting, because you'll want to tell all of them that your son is innocent."
"Peggy was very smart," Steve smiled, lost in thoughts, looking at the wine. "You asked me how we met, right? Well, she and I were friends with Sam, who joined the Army with me, while Peggy was still flirting with the idea. But even though we were soldiers and had very strict duties and schedules, we always managed to get the three of us out together. A while later, she joined the Army too and things were perfect, we were able to reconcile our schedules more easily and it was great. But we were just friends. Nothing romantic," Steve chuckled and took a sip of wine. "At least,
Steve started out kind of slow, but then he picked up the pace, bobbing his head, giving Tony everything he had, not only because Tony needed him to take that goddamn pollen out of him, but because, damn, Steve had dreamed of that moment, that exact moment when he’d be with Tony's cock in his mouth, feeling his weight, his taste, knowing which way to twist his tongue to pull out a wet cry of pleasure, to take Tony to paradise, to leave him so pliable, squirming with pleasure beneath him, asking for more, and all because of Steve.
“Okay. Easier, huh?” Tony repeated and took a deep breath. “Well, I still think I don’t deserve you,” Tony looked quickly at Steve, but looked away. He wouldn’t be able to finish if he kept getting lost in those blue eyes. “I still think you can find something better and that you’ll regret having me around more than necessary.”
Tony walked through a room, with the bed meticulously made, and went down a narrow corridor, until he came to a room that was lit and smelled of coffee: the kitchen, with the living room right next to it. Steve was behind the kitchen island, his back to Tony, preparing several things at the same time. On the island, two steaming cups of coffee placed on opposite sides, facing each other.
When he wakes up for the last time it’s properly morning. He checks the time, 9:37, Rhodey left around 8. He realizes very quickly there’s no coffee in his workshop and briefly laments his fate before shuffling upstairs to the kitchen. He knows he probably looks like a mess but there’s no one here who hasn’t seen him like this before, even if it has been a while, so they can deal with it. He’s staring at the coffee maker, willing it to go faster with his mind when Steve enters the kitchen. Tony doesn’t even notice he’s there until he brushes by, just barely touching Tony’s back. He freezes instantly, almost drops the mug he’s holding. Steve mercifully doesn’t notice, but Tony doesn’t stop to check. It’s not like he hasn’t touched Steve since, but he’s always initiated the contact. With what happened last night, this is really not great timing. His coffee isn’t done yet so he stands there, counting the seconds, and trying to breathe evenly.
The room is nice, not luxurious, but Tony doesn’t mind, its better than he was expecting. He grabs a bottle of water and sits down in one of the chairs beside the small gas fireplace. The door closes behind Steve, he’s hovering there, unsure. He looks smaller than he ever has to Tony, none of his usual charm or confidence is there. Tony closes his eyes and waves him over gently, waiting until he hears him settle into the other chair before he says anything, but Steve speaks up first this time.
I need to actually talk to you, which I am still dreading, I need to hear it from you I need to hear it properly, I need to know. I don’t want to hear what you already told me because we all know that was just some bullshit, I want to know the truth. I can suspect all I want but I want to hear it from you and I know you won’t lie to me this time.
Don’t get me wrong Vision is great but he’s not JARVIS, he’s beyond that and more than that he’s his own person and it’d be, dehumanizing of me to think of him like that. So, anyways, its been really good to have him back. I missed him, he missed me, the other bots missed him a bunch too, I’d swear DUM-E and U were crying except they literally cannot cry.
It’s cold when he steps off the plane, not freezing, not yet, but it’s brisk, and Tony finds himself breathing in deeply. It’s bracing he thinks, and it’s just what he needs to clear his head. The eight-hour flight had been full of worry, too much time to think, not enough to distract him. Luckily with it being a (mostly) private jet he was able to get some work done and pace down the length of the aircraft in relative peace. Relative because Rhodey and Natasha had come along, Natasha had shown up completely unannounced the day prior, had been sitting at the island finishing her reports when Tony had returned from a meeting at SI. He was proud to say he hadn’t been startled but he had been somewhat surprised, having assumed she’d just show up in Stockholm the day of the meeting.
Okay I don't have an excuse for how long this took but I hope you enjoy it anyways! I'm trying to write more lately but also uni just started back up so that's going to be most of my life.
I love FRIDAY to bits and I’ve still got her running some stuff but… JARVIS was always different, he was the first proper AI I ever built (second if you count DUM-E and I usually do). I was 20, I had built the first version of him earlier in my teens but I got him properly online then. He’s been with me ever since, and I honestly don’t know what I’d do without him.
“It is! I am worried, about that, I might also be worrying about other things but I am worried about something going wrong. I made a lot of plans but I can’t predict everything and things could go south fast.” Rhodey raises an eyebrow at that and Tony turns his gaze to the window, staring at the city beneath them. “What if- what if he still hates me, what if I still hate him?”
“Bucky’s rehab is almost done so I’m going to stay in Wakanda for another week or two but I was planning on, well more hoping to, come back to New York?” It comes out as more of a question than a statement.
Rhodey dragged me out of the workshop. I’m working on his armor today, I honestly would rather he not ever use it again after what happened. At least not, in defense of me or to help me... but I know he’ll get back in the game as soon as he can. It’s hard to give the suit up, believe me I, I’ve tried. Although I can’t because I can’t even consider not doing anything when things happen. I have to do something, I have to keep going. The least I can do is give him a good suit, a safer one.
Hey folks! Sorry for the wait, this semester has somehow managed to be more stressful than the last. They're really outdoing themselves here. This chapter is however longer than usual so I hope that makes up for it! I also think this is going to be a lot longer than I initially planned but I'm okay with that. Not sure exactly when the next update will be but I only have a month and a bit left of school so ideally when that's over I'll have more time to write!
My therapist recommended that I write, keep a “diary” or something. I don’t like the idea, and I already talk to myself enough as it is… but, I’m trying to move on, heal, I don’t know. Writing to you makes me feel less crazy than writing to myself. This doesn’t mean I want to talk to you, I really truly don’t, but you’re not ever going to see this so it doesn’t matter I guess. If you want to know why I’m writing this on paper, (ugh physical medium) apparently “You can’t write as fast as you type and it forces you to consider your words”. As far as I’m concerned that’s also bullshit and I can write very fast so I have no idea what she’s on about.
Happy’s has to be tomorrow because I’m flying his whole entourage to London tonight and we need enough time to do what I have planned and then get back without being too jet lagged for the wedding. Don’t tell him because it’s a surprise but I called in a favour and got the owners of the house they shoot Downton Abbey in to let us have a private tour and spend most of the day there. I might actually book him in a spa day on Thursday too so he can rest and relax a bit, not the same one as Pepper because Thursday is for her but I’ll send him off somewhere nice.
“Well I’m not letting you go back to that apartment, you’ll break a hip or something and I’ll have to get you Life Alert. Your room is already set up anyways, it’d be a waste.” Both of them know Tony is deflecting but too bad, that’s what he does best, he’ll deflect all conversations about his feelings and then one day he’ll die and he won’t have to worry about it anymore. The elevator door opens, mercifully bringing the conversation to an end. “I don’t think I have to give you the grand tour, oh aside from the fact that JARVIS is back. Say hi J.”
Okay so school kicked my ass a lot harder than I thought it would this semester, thank god for winter holidays. I've actually written ahead a bit so I might be able to get another update out before school starts back up. Also this chapter is the proper length, yay! Hope you enjoyed!
Sometimes I resented you a little, he cared about you more than he cared about me and that hurt, it hurt a lot and it wasn’t fair, but I got over that eventually. When I first met you, I won’t lie I was a little excited, its not every day you get to meet your childhood hero, unfortunately that excitement didn’t last. We were just, at each other’s throats instantly, and I thought to myself, dad really was full of shit.  Some of that I will in fact blame on the staff, but not all of it, I didn’t handle it well, but then we fought together, we worked together, and yeah, my dad was wrong. He always talked about how great Captain America was, what he never said was that Steve Rogers was so much more than that.
Always fucking hated him, hated the way he treated my mother, how he treated everyone around him that he deemed lesser. He called me his greatest creation, as if he ever had any real hand in it, if anyone was my father it was Jarvis.
“Yeah yeah, you don’t need to worry about me Steve it’s fine, I think I’m gonna just have a bit of a rest.”
Anyways I’m supposed to write here twice a week and I feel like this was probably enough to get her off my back for now. She probably does know what she’s doing, I mean she has a degree. I could probably get a degree in clinical psychology, wouldn’t take too long if I just- you know what I’m gonna stop myself there.
Rhodey ends up asking JARVIS to put on Fantasia instead, it’s a safe choice. Light enough and familiar enough that Tony ends up falling asleep less than ten minutes in, half sprawled on Rhodey, the dim light from the screen barely lighting up the room. It’s a much more restful sleep than his earlier attempt. Rhodey stays for the rest of the night and Tony only wakes up when he has to leave in the morning. It kind of sucks to be alone again but he’s grateful for last night so he waves goodbye, and mumbles something to that effect before he falls back asleep.
I know what time it is this time, its 2:47AM, the one time I actually try to sleep at a reasonable hour and I get this shit.
A small fight breaks out after everyone’s done eating between Clint, Sam, Nat, and Bucky over Wii Tennis, but everyone is laughing. It ends as soon as Pepper arches her eyebrows at them from across the room. They continue to elbow and trip each other whenever she’s not looking, only stopping when the game finally ends, Nat and Bucky grinning smugly. Steve stands near Tony and watches them, smiling as he does. Tony thinks fuck it, and breaks the silence.
October is here and its time to confront some issues, or some people, or both. Everyone is very emotional and very tired.
“Tones, I know how many contingency plans you’ve made, that’s not what you’re really worried about is it?” Rhodey’s tone is soft, not accusatory, but he’s not going to let it go, not like he has every other time they’ve had this conversation.
He doesn’t want to eat it. He takes two bites before placing it in the minifridge. The note, the note he almost throws away. He doesn’t want it, doesn’t want this yet, can’t handle it yet. He can’t throw it away so he puts it in a drawer instead, out of sight, out of mind, hopefully. He’s yawning then, it’s getting late and he probably shouldn’t get back to work or he won’t sleep at all. JARVIS turns out the lights upon his request and he goes to lie down on the couch. Going back upstairs means he might see someone however unlikely that may be, and he’s not really interested in speaking to or existing around anyone for at least a little while.
I am jetlagged as hell, it never used to be this bad, but I guess it’s worse as you get older… I’m glad to be home. Rhodey’s staying with me for a day or two, ostensibly so he can check out the compound and make sure things are in order since neither of us have been there for a while. We both know that’s a bullshit excuse though, he’s mostly here to make sure I’m alright, and make sure I’m eating which is annoying. I am actually mostly okay though, he worries too much, I appreciate it though… I should check out his armor while he’s here, he hasn’t brought it in in agesss. Probably because I take it apart every time and stall putting it back together so he can’t leave so fast. If I really needed to I could reassemble the whole thing in like 2 hours? Maybe less. I just want to spend some time with him, we don’t get to hang out as much as I’d like but I’m hoping that’ll change if he does move into the compound.
Anyways they’re getting married pretty soon, end of September actually. Being friends with me does allow you to get a venue fairly quickly, and she really wanted to get married in the fall, its her favourite season. It’s really nice to have some good news for a change.
Two hours into the meeting and already Tony is bored out of his mind. It’s the same bureaucratic bullshit as usual, all the minute taking and the dry documents and the shitty refreshments… Luckily, he has plenty practice and a fantastic fake smile, it also doesn’t hurt that he’s been planning this for months so he doesn’t have to pay as much attention as some of the others. He can tell Steve is starting to get antsy, despite his discipline the meetings are incredibly tedious and it’s difficult not to get fidgety. Tony watches Steve’s jaw twitch and is silently glad that they’re taking a break soon. He knows this weekend is really important to Steve, to all of them, and he wouldn’t even dream of doing anything disrespectful, but the man doesn’t like sitting still. Somehow that never applied to the damn team briefings but it seems it still applies here. Although they’re sitting halfway across the room from each other, part of Tony wants to reach out to him, take his hand and help him relax. Another part of him wants to stand up and run away from this whole conference as fast as he can. He does neither. They break a little later and Steve stalks out of the room as subtly as he can. Tony pauses for a second before sighing and quietly following him out of the room. Steve is sitting in a small courtyard, staring at his hands, Tony watches him for a moment, not quite sure of himself, and sits down beside him on the cold stone bench.
“Oh, Uh- Nat got in around a week ago and Rhodey’s staying for a few more days. I don’t think anyone else will be here for a while, although I half expect Clint to break through one of my windows any day now.” Steve chuckles and pauses for a moment, thinking.
The next time Tony reappears in the land of the living, Clint is sitting on the couch. He’s eating some horrifically sugary cereal and watching some hospital drama on TV. Tony is honestly not surprised, even with it being almost nine at night.
I’ve mentioned him before but I don’t think I talked about JARVIS properly. I mean you knew him before of course, and he’s the same as he was, I rebuilt him, sort of. I had some old backup copies of his software, they probably only survived because they were old, and not activated at all. I made them in case there were any system failures or what not, they’re a little bare bones compared to the real deal but I gave the copy I rebuilt enough information, and synced it slightly with Vision (with his permission!), so he’s pretty much back in business.
Cerberus moved his three horrendous heads toward Steve and Wanda and his six eyes stared at Steve, hungry.
it was something you did!” Tony looked away, bringing his legs nearer his own body the best he could, although Steve’s leg was on the way.
Tony got to the lab breathing hard, sweating and feeling a tension build up inside him, just below his belly.
Tony came down the stairs slowly, trying to slow his own heart. He greeted some people on the way, waved away from others, and headed straight for the bar, non-stopping to talk to anyone in particular.
He looked around and saw that Natasha had done a good job. Everyone had really come: the Fantastic Four was there talking to Carol Danvers, the X-Men had also come and were laughing at something that Vision and Wanda had told, Bucky had left Wakanda and was with Natasha in a quiet corner and Rhodes was introducing some UN secretaries to the Guardians of the Galaxy and to Hank Pym and his family. Everyone had glasses in their hands and the waiters were everywhere with trays in their hands, always full of food.
Tony then stopped very seriously and looked at Steve. “So, are we just going to leave the Civil War behind?”
“If the other could sink the west coast of Canada, this one could sink half of Canada without any effort.”
Tony sighed. That War would never have come this far if they hadn’t taken sides. If both had moved away, perhaps things would have worked out differently. Perhaps. Perhaps. Perhaps.
“You know, Tony,” Steve said, getting up and walking over to the roof rail. “We’ve both been through a lot lately, together and apart. I know I wasn’t told everything I’d like to know. And I’m pretty sure they didn’t tell you that much, either,” Steve stuffed his hands in the front pockets of his pants and shrugged. It had started to snow. “So why don’t you do us a favor and come over here? I don’t want to and I’m not going to fight with you, Tony. I don’t know what they told you, but I know what you’re thinking now, and that’s not it. I just…” Steve sighed and the air condensed in front of him. “I just wanted to see you.”
Still kneeling, Steve lifted one of Tony’s legs, holding by the ankle and kissed each exposed piece of skin, going up the calf, passing through the knee, up to the upper thigh, until he went down inside and made Tony’s eyes turn inside the globes. He stopped a few inches from Tony’s underwear and looked at him.
Steve held Tony in his arms and pulled a lock of hair out of his eyes. The delicate touch in a moment so steeped in sexual tension stirred Tony in ways that had nothing to do with the pollen. He held Steve's face in his hands and ran his fingers through Steve’s golden hair. “It’s always been you.”
, where they found him. As if they closed a cycle. Arriving in the Arctic that day, Tony felt himself the most selfish of men, but he just didn’t care. He wanted Steve all to himself, if only for a second, before he never saw his friend again. He wanted to be able to say what he hadn’t achieved during the funeral open to the public. He wanted to say what he had never said to Steve, but he should have. But even there he couldn’t.
Tony moved up then down again. Up and down. Up and down. They started out kind of slow, but then Tony picked up the pace. It was like he suddenly remembered why they were there in the first place. There was no delicacy in there. It was pure rough sex. Tony wanted, obviously
“Hey.” Steve called and he looked at Tony in the way that Steve kept only for Tony. And Tony knew that because he observed and compared - a scientist, right? - the way Steve dealt with the other Avengers. And nobody else got that look full of affection, understanding and friendship. Only Tony. That should be comforting, but it actually hurt a lot, because it was just friendly and nothing else.
No, no, no, that was a mistake, right? It had to be. They couldn't be talking about the same Peter. "Mr. Ross, I'm sorry, but there must be some mistake," Steve's head was spinning and an insistent buzz had come to his ear.
Tony allowed himself a heavy sigh before realizing that the room was not yet completely empty. He looked around and raised his eyebrows at the other heroes still present.
"Good afternoon, gentlemen," Tony greeted, hoping with all his heart that the meeting would be quick. The faster they signed that contract, the faster he would go home to Steve. Tony smiled.
"We survived," Tony said, smiling, as he took off his glasses and put them inside his jacket pocket.
"I think it just takes balance." Bruce added. “Everything that is too much isn't good. But if you know the right time to act, things can get really exciting, as Nat said.”
” The Sorcerer Supreme narrowed his eyes and looked at Tony and then Steve. “Since when do you call yourselves pet names instead of defamatory nicknames? And since when do you walk around hand in hand?”
Tony’s mouth watered. So that was his end. That was how it all ended for the great Tony Stark: getting mad for Captain America, with his head over heels for Steve Rogers.
Tony shook his head, tears falling again. No, he was no good. Nobody good needs to erase their own memory after having helped install chaos. Tony was a weed, a cute plant, but one that can destroy everything if not controlled.
Tony felt the tears return. It had been a long time since he had allowed himself to be so vulnerable in front of someone else (the last time that had happened, as far as he knew, was for Steve’s body). Tony had waited so long for that moment, waited so long for Steve to come back and prove that all the horrible news he had read was a lie. And now, when he received much more than he had asked for, when all of his biggest dreams, even the most secret ones, came true, he knew it was too much. He should already know that good things like that didn’t happen to him.
” Understanding Tony's request, Steve opened his mouth as wide as he could and relaxed, letting Tony fuck him as eagerly as he needed. Perks of lacking a gag reflex. “Aaah, yes, Steve! Suck my cock. Oh, fuck yes.
"I know what you mean," Steve said, rolling his eyes. "If I wasn’t clear with my story, that's how I identify myself."
Tony blinked a few times, repeating the phrase mentally, afraid he might have heard it wrong. “What did you say?”
"Boss, with all the data I have available for analysis, I do not see any scenario where that is possible or likely.”
"Talk to me, my love," Tony said, tilting his neck to give Steve access, which sucked in a particularly sensitive spot. Tony moaned loudly.
"You didn't told me the n ..." He was interrupted by the bell. Steve looked at his watch and the fifteen minutes that Natasha had said would pass before the lawyer arrived had really passed. "I think I'll be able to ask in person. Never mind."
Tony thought. He looked around, and he was still hugging Steve, who slept peacefully with his head bent over the back of the chair. Tony smiled slightly.
“What kind of favor?” Natasha spoke for the first time, and now she seemed slightly interested. Tony couldn't blame her, after all, it wasn't every day that the all-powerful Sorcerer Supreme came to their house to ask for a favor.
Tony looked at him through his long lashes and snorted in exasperation. “You can’t expect me to stand looking at you all dressed up after you tell me all these things.” With a single tug, he removed Steve’s pants and underwear at the same time, reveling in the sight of Steve’s cock right in front of him, big, upright, heavy and inviting. Tony’s mouth watered.
With a grunt, Steve kissed him and Tony was surprised by his ability to make a sweet and delicate kiss turn into something dirty and sexy so fast. But Tony wasn’t complaining. Ah, no, far from it. He was loving every second, every stronger grip of Steve's hands on his skin, every hickey at the base of his neck, every breathless groan in his ear as Tony fingered his back. Without communicating what he was about to do, Steve laid Tony back on the marble, came down, and holding Tony by the waist, pulled him to the edge of the counter.
Tony looked again at Steve across the street, on the roof. He was now leaning on the rail, on his forearms, looking straight ahead without really seeing. Tony wanted so badly to reach him, to get close to his friend, to say that, even if he didn’t remember, he was sorry. That he wanted Steve in his life. He
Steve hugged Tony back with his free arm and made the engineer shiver as he kissed the curve of his neck. If it was up to Tony, the party could end there, at that moment. He was where he most wanted to be, inside Steve's embrace, with Steve in his arms, emanating love from every pore and looking. Everything was like and where it should be. But Tony still had one last surprise, and this one needed the right moment.
Who was Tony trying to deceive? He was in front of the person who knew him best, perhaps more than Tony himself. Steve was fluent in the Tony Stark language. It was impossible to hide things from him for a long time.
Steve took a step and only a handful of air separated them. He bowed possessively and rested his hands on either side of Tony's head on the elevator wall. Tony's fingers came alive and hooked into the elastic of Steve's shorts, which inspired sharply.
The sun was finally in all its glory in the Dubai sky and the clock in the corner of the holographic display indicated that it was eight in the morning. Tony did the math quickly; it was four in the afternoon in New York.
"Yes. I asked Rhodes to get that information for me, but I know that by the means the police have, I’ll only get what I need when it’s too late. And I know I could ask Pepper too, but I don’t have enough time. I need you to do your magic."
Steve nodded. “When we arrived, you were barely hanging on, completely unconscious, but Pepper didn’t tell us all the why. I know now. But at the time, she simply asked us to save you, because all the other steps in your instructions had already been followed. Only our part, mine and Thor’s was missing.”
"Get your things," Steve said - the first words since they left the station - pointing to Tony's suitcase by the door.
"The best spy in the world," Tony approached her and hugged her. "And the best friend anyone could have," he said. "See you in four days.”
"Unbelievable," Tony chuckled softly. "Well, Mr. Rogers, if I remember your biography correctly, you weren't always an artist, right?" Steve sighed, without much time to think about the fact that the lawyer - his lawyer - had one of his drawings.
Walking in pairs on the narrow corridor, the Avengers followed Friday's directions until they found the access door.
” Tony was afraid his words wouldn’t come out loud enough, but he knew Steve would listen to them. Blessed be the improved hearing. “I’m sorry.” Tony turned and found himself at the entrance to the room he had entered in ... a lifetime ago. He slowed down enough to take a last look around, the room all framed by the intense moonlight that came in through the huge window just in front of him, he saw the door leading to the roof, where the armor was waiting, and the practical part of his brain put the puzzle together.
“I'll call them, okay? Just wait a minute.” Natasha got up and a few seconds later the door to the room where Tony and Steve were standing opened revealing the spy.
Steve took a deep breath and smiled. He hadn't written his vows on a nice card like Tony. He just improvised, but it didn't take much effort. All he had to do was open his heart like never before, because this was a moment that wouldn’t happen again.
"Are you serious?" Peter asked. “Because, well, it only have left me and May and I think you can say it's been a while that there is a vacancy for father.”
“From someone in an non-standard relationship to someone in a non-standard relationship: if there is love, everything around is contaminated by it. Hatred is over, distrust is over, prejudice is over, fear is over. There is only love left,” she walked away smiling. “And you two have contaminated this team with so much love that it is impossible not to love back.”
He can tell, even without looking that Steve is going to be trying to find a way out of the conversation he’s having, that he’s going to do it and apologize and walk over and Tony doesn’t know if he can handle that. Everything suddenly seems too bright and too loud and there’s too many people and oh god he can’t do this. His eyes scan the room frantically, searching for an exit, his eyes land on Steve again, he’s apologizing to- Lang he was talking to Lang, and Tony finally sees a door near him and practically runs out of the room, shutting it behind him.
“Honestly, just follow my lead. If I suggest something that stupid again, you can call me out on it and I’ll reconsider but for now, I’ll… I’ll try to tell you if somethings wrong. I can’t expect things to improve if we don’t work together on this.”
At least the press conference is going smoothly, no one has asked any ridiculous or upsetting questions and everyone’s being polite which is a small miracle honestly. Clearly someone arranged for the reasonable reporters, maybe Pepper, whoever did is going to get a massive bouquet of flowers. As soon as he has the thought Tony regrets it, because it seems fate really has it out for him this morning.
I wish I was more okay with all of this, I also wish I was less okay with it. Instead I’m stuck inside some sort of limbo where I miss you but you also feature prominently in my nightmares and I don’t know how to deal with that. How do I deal with the fact that I still care about you when I can’t look at myself without thinking about what you did?
You know ever since then I've had trouble sleeping in good beds? They feel wrong, too soft, I feel like if I fell asleep in them I'd have a hard time waking up and that's dangerous. When I got out I was looking forward to finally sleeping in my bed again but I ended up having to sleep on the floor for a week until I got a new mattress. Things are never the same when you come home, no matter how much you want them to be.
I think about my mom a lot. About all the things we did together, everything she taught me. She taught me how to dance, how to play piano, how to speak Italian. She didn’t speak it often, only really when we were alone, terms of endearment, that sort of thing. I worked really hard at it though, I was fluent, I’m a little rusty now but it’s still there. She spoke less and less of it as I got older, as she got older and he wore her down. She was always so tired, I didn’t notice it until I left for MIT, whenever I visited she’d be so excited to see me but I could tell that it was hard for her. She was always wearing makeup to cover the dark circles, and the bruises… there weren’t as many as when I was young but he tore her down in other ways.
The doctors say Rhodey’s progressing really well, he can walk pretty much fine with the brace on now. He tries to tell me its not my fault, that he doesn’t blame me, but it is. I shouldn’t have dragged him into this, into this life… I didn’t mean to, I tried so damn hard to keep him safe… I don’t think he blames Sam either, although I don’t think he’ll be buddy-buddy with him anytime soon. I know I don’t deserve it but I am so lucky to have him as a friend. He’s been there since MIT you know, since I was 15. We were roommates for the first year, well, sort of, more like I slept on his couch more than in my own bed. We met at a party, I was trying to impress some of the older kids, of course. I hated that I was so much younger than them, and they hated it too, but I had ridiculous amounts of money and I desperately wanted friends so they pretended to like me as long as I paid for things. I was wasted, not too horribly, but pretty bad, and Rhodey, mother hen that he is, realized what was going on and decided to help me get back to my room. After that well… couldn’t seem to get rid of him, he started sitting beside me in class, and bringing me food because he knew I wouldn’t remember to eat. Eventually I stopped trying to get rid of him, because “I didn’t need to be taken care of”, hah, and that was that. It took me a little while to realize he didn’t have any ulterior motives.  He’s been by my side ever since, saved my life more times than he should’ve. He’s the one who found me in Afghanistan you know, looked for me the whole time, drove his superiors up the wall by the end of it. They were so sure I was dead but he knew, he knew I wouldn’t give up, wouldn’t die. No one else ever stuck with me like that, except Pepper, but he was first. I finally believe him when he says he’s not leaving. Took a long time to get to that point but, I’m there now… well mostly. I was worried he’d leave after what happened but when I told him that he just gave me that look, the one he gives me when I’m being an idiot, which is frequently, and then punched me in the shoulder. So, I guess that means he’s staying. He deserves better than me but if I can, if I can be even just a tiny bit of what he is to me, I’d drop everything for that.
“Fine. But this is going to suck for both of us and I want to sit down properly for it.” Steve nods, and they walk over the couches, sitting across from each other, the coffee table a wall between them. “I’m not going to go into the gritty details because honestly I don’t think that’s necessary… but I can give you the gist of it. What happened in Siberia really fucked me up, you know that, I know that. I already have, issues and it did me no favors there. I get flashbacks sometimes, have nightmares, it’s been getting better but having you around has made it a little more difficult.” Steve’s face is pained and Tony just knows he’s about to suggest he leave again so he holds up a hand before he can open his mouth. “No, and let me finish. It’s going to take a while for me to work through but it’s like immersion therapy, I have to learn how to deal with it, and I will. Sparring was a bit of a dumb idea, of course fighting you was going to trigger a flashback. Don’t go blaming yourself for that either, I suggested it so it’s my fault. I want you here okay? I want things to go back to the way they were, It’s going to take time but I think we can do it.”
He opens his eyes again; Nat and Clint are bickering over space on the couch and he feels something warm in his chest. He really did miss these ridiculous people he calls friends. “What are we even watching, this looks inaccurate and terrible.”
Tony lets his arm fall beside him, “Do I though? Do I really know? What if he does something I don’t expect, or says something I don’t expect and it all falls apart?”
There’s a soft knock on the door, Rhodey’s, and he lets himself in, coming to sit on the edge of the bed.
I apologize for the heavy amount of text here, things will be a little bit better formatted as we go one but as these are supposed to be letters I spaced them more like how I write on paper
“You holding up okay? You were kinda agitated back there.” Steve looks up rather quickly at that, almost as if he hadn’t noticed Tony sitting down beside him.
“How’re you feeling?” Tony lets out a non-committal grunt and doesn’t move. “That good eh? I know it’s a lot to handle but you’ve been planning this for months, you know what you’re doing.”
“It’ll be okay Tony,” he says, resting his hand on his friend’s shoulder. “I know you don’t think you’re good at ‘emotions’ and ‘talking and stuff’, but you’re a genius, you’ll figure it out.”
Haven’t heard from Thor since Ultron but that’s kind of what I expected. Haven’t heard from you either. I’m not sure where Wanda and Vision are, I could probably find them but, they deserve some privacy after everything. I know where Wilson is but I doubt he’ll be speaking to me any time soon… What I’m trying to say is that I miss the team. I’m still working on getting the rest of you pardoned, which means I’ll probably have to tell you about that. Not sure where I am on that front, how I feel about it. I’m trying not to think about it.
It’s quarter to 5 when his phone rings, Steve will be heading into the arrivals area in a few minutes. He heads over to the edge of baggage claim, throwing away his half empty coffee cup and brushing off his suit nervously. Damn he really needs to get a handle on those tics, he’s in public this is just silly. It feels like an eternity before he sees Steve, he always stands out in a crowd even without the uniform, oh huh the beard’s gone, Tony is good with that, it’s nice to see his face properl- and that train of thought is abruptly shut down. It’s only a moment later that Steve sees him, his face shifting almost imperceptibly from a polite but neutral expression to a faint smile, his lips twitching upwards as he gives Tony a nod. Tony realizes he’s smiling far too late after it happens and just lets it be.
“Ans I’m supposed to find that comforting how?” Tony can feel his head turning to give him a Look which he elects to ignore.
I know you’re sorry, and that it went farther than either of us meant for it to. But I don’t know if that’s enough yet. I forgive you but I don’t know if I can live with you.
It’s a pain in the ass fielding all this by myself, but soommeeeone just had to go and get themselves banned from like 117 different countries. I’m working on that by the way, to at least get you temporary amnesty if my plan works, and then full amnesty if you don’t hate what I want to do. Which you probably will, you’re even more stubborn than I am you know, and that’s saying something. Why is it we can never agree anymore, or even agree to disagree. What the hell happened Cap… when did it all go to shit? Things were good right? I thought they were at least, but apparently, you’ve been lying to me for years. I’m too tired to be angry anymore. I’m tired of all this, everyone’s split up and it sucks, it really does. We had a good thing going for a while there, we were friends, we cared about each other, we saved the world, it was good… I know I screwed up, I’m not denying that, I couldn’t even if I wanted to. I was scared, I still am, of what’s out there. I saw too much, I know too much, and I wish I could take it back, get rid of all those memories, except I don’t, not really. If I didn’t know I wouldn’t be preparing, lord knows we’re gonna need all the help we can get and I’ve got to do my part, get my shit together. But, I did some stuff I’m not proud of, and I’m going to keep working to fix that, keep trying to be better, its what I have to do. So, don’t think I’m blaming you for everything. I’m blaming you for some of it though. I just wish we had had more time, maybe then, maybe it wouldn’t have all fallen apart so quickly. I don’t know, I almost wish I could talk to you, try to figure out how to fix all this, I’m good at all this political crap, but I wish I didn’t have to do it on my own.
Sam and Bucky show up next, bringing beer and chips. They both prod at Steve, speaking to him semi-quietly, which is annoying because Tony kind of wants to know what they’re saying. He’s quickly distracted however, by the arrival of Wanda and Vision, who are the last guests to arrive. Things are still, awkward, around the two of them, especially with JARVIS back to running the house. But it’s not too weird and honestly it could be a lot worse so he’ll take it. It’s not a huge gathering, he’s not sure if Scott (that’s his name, right?) was invited. Probably, seeing as Pepper and JARVIS organized everything and they’re not that rude, but the man has a family and probably a day job so Tony’s not surprised he’s missing. Peter was not invited because as much as Tony likes the kid, he’s 12 and it’s a school night. T’Challa was invited but was far too busy to make the trek, which he thinks is more than fair. He’s not about to abandon his duties for a Halloween party halfway across the world. He had called though and they’d had a nice chat about the state of affairs. Shuri had been in the background, annoying her brother and showing off some new tech. At any rate, there’s enough people around that it’s not depressing, and not so many that Tony has to put on any sort of fake mask, other than the one he almost always wears anyways. It’s nice to have people he likes around, it’s good to have Barnes back, at least for Steve’s sake. He still keeps his distance, just because he’s forgiven him doesn’t mean he’s comfortable around him, but he’s polite, and tries to just let everyone enjoy themselves without interfering too much.
Clint gasped and took several minutes to recover. Natasha glared at him. Maybe it was a mistake not to mention that in this reality, where Liz Stark-Rogers was now, Tony Stark and Steve Rogers were still alive. However, how could they tell her that even though they were a beautifully passionate couple here too, she did not exist here before? Maybe hiding that information from her was a huge mistake, but the girl was already going through a lot. Finding out that her parents were alive but that they did not recognize her and, worse, they did not feel anything for her, did not have to be one more burden among so many others.
But he was stuck. He couldn't get out of there. His hands were glued to the steering wheel, his foot on the brake and his mind empty and so full at the same time. Peter was so close, but those reporters couldn't get to him, right? But they already knew, didn't they? Everyone there already knew that his son, his boy, was inside that police station. No, his boy didn't deserve that.
He felt on the edge, about to come like never before, but nothing made him able to get his release. Tony felt the tears coming. His cock hurt. Tony had tried too hard, abused it too much and he couldn't take it anymore. Tony was in pain and horny like never before, but nothing set him free, it just brought him closer to more suffering and pain.
“Wait.” Tony had his hand on the doorknob. The two of them turned and saw Liz walk around the table to face them, with no obstacle between them. “What did you say?”
"Yeah... There's this new girl in school, she got transferred from somewhere else, but she's amazing, you know? Smart, funny, beautiful... but I'm not sure how to get to her.”
"I indeed talked to Hercules, Captain," Thor said. "But my Greek friend told me he was not aware of any abnormalities. However, he gave me his word that he would stand by and warn us if something
He stared at Steve's back, which was still like a statue. He could hardly tell if the soldier was breathing. That could only be a joke on Natasha, right? He didn’t have a daughter. He didn’t have a daughter with Steve! What was happening?
Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times and felt like a goldfish. He was completely unresponsive. What the hell had just happened there?
Tony still didn’t feel worthy of that love. Steve Rogers loving Tony? It seemed too good to be true, but Tony could believe Steve. Steve would never lie to him, not after they agreed that it wasn’t worth hiding things from each other. In addition, they have always worked better together. Imagine if they were really together? All Tony’s dreams coming true? Too good to be true, but apparently it was.
“Yeah, I know, but settle down. We take care of everything here. It's only four days, Tony. Just worry about signing your contract and coming back.”
are the one who’s stuck in the past, preventing yourself from moving forward because you can’t remember what happened, punishing yourself for an unprecedented sacrifice that you were able to make to protect your friends,” Steve released one hand from Tony to hold his face. “And I’m here, telling you that I was stuck in my space-time, reliving the past that I’ve always missed, the past that I’ve always longed to have back, but that I realized that my place, that my home, it’s here, with you, in the present. It’s me now who’s telling you to live in the moment and allow yourself to move on. Let’s build new memories, my love,” Steve smile was beautiful and wide, his eyes shining with anticipation.
Tony looked at Steve and his look wasn’t terrified anymore. It was one of pure love and Steve's heart melted. “Yes.” Strange could say what he wanted. He could say it was wrong; he could say that Tony and Steve shouldn't be together; he could imply that the relationship they were building was a lie. Nothing mattered. Tony loved Steve, and Steve loved Tony. And that feeling didn't arise just because they smelled a flower.
Tony pulled away enough to look at him. Steve was frowning, thinking. Tony laughed. “Why, Steve Rogers afraid to face the world outside?” Steve pouted. Tony laughed out loud and poked Steve in the chest. “Who are you and what have you done with my Steve?”
I can’t believe endgame destroyed my headcanon of Steve being a decent cook, what did I ever do to you! (No I will not be discussing this movie, I live in the past now, where things don’t hurt and I can rot my teeth with dumb fluff.)
“JARVIS I can’t believe we’re letting in strays now. He’s going to make a mess on the carpet,” Tony says even as he falls into the love-seat beside the couch.
I don’t want them to become obsolete a year after I release them, partially because I’ve got better things to do than design new ones, partially because I love new tech but that’s ridiculous and a huge waste. That’s why I don’t release a new model every year, I think we’re doing about every three years at this point, while continuing to upgrade older models while things are in development. We’re also trying to make them easy to fix so that they don’t have to be replaced so often, which means making really powerful tech that is also simple enough for anyone with internet and basic awareness to fix. We’re not quite there yet I don’t think, but it’s a fun challenge, one I should probably get back on.
Rhodey grins and hugs him back, “I get to take a break from desk work and go on a free vacation, I’d be crazy to pass that up. Let’s go down to dinner, Natasha’s probably waiting for us already.”
I’m honestly not really sure what to talk about. Feelings and shit probably, how do I feel? Tired, old, like I don’t have time to feel either of those things with the whole world on my ass. There are some days where I consider retirement but you know I could never do that. This is my responsibility, I can’t just walk away, not while I can still do some good.
“I know how important this is and I don’t want to screw it up, but I hate having to talk about what happened over and over again..."
Tony yawns and briefly thinks he should’ve arrived the day prior but then again that would’ve just afforded him more time to worry in an empty room in a foreign government facility. Rhodey and Nat are behind him, talking quietly about one thing or another, Tony can’t bring himself to care enough to try to listen in, if it was important they’d tell him.
“Can you explain how it is exactly you managed to receive a pardon when you so clearly acted against the wishes of the common public?” He’s young, Tony thinks, and he’s clearly just trying to antagonize everyone, thank god, that makes this a lot easier. Steve keeps his expression carefully neutral, as he starts to open his mouth Tony leans forward towards his mic.
Nat appeared this morning, found her eating ice cream on the counter at like 3am. I’m proud to say that it did Not scare the shit out of me, which might have been partially because it was 3am and I’d been awake for, a while but still. I’m glad she’s back, and I’m glad its not awkward around her. It feels like it should be but she’s already apologized, not that she had really much to apologize for, and I’ve apologized and we’re okay, we’re good. That’s 2/6 but I doubt Thor will be back for a long time so I’ll settle for 5 if I have to. Bruce probably won’t come for a while, if he does at all, he didn’t have any part in this whole mess but I think he’s trying to avoid stepping on toes. It was pretty tense here for a while so I don’t blame him. Lord only knows where Clint is but I extended the invitation anyways. It’s still quiet but Rhodey’ll be here until around when you come back and now that Nat’s here… I don’t know, it all feels a bit easier. I’ve known her for longer than the rest of you, even if part of that was while she was undercover and we’ve always worked well together. She doesn’t put up with my bullshit and for some reason she actually seems to like me most of the time. It feels like, with her here, like maybe it could all work out, who knows. At the very least I think we should try. We can't go back to the way things were before, I know that, that's not what I'm trying to do. Well it kind of was at first but it's not anymore. I just want things to be okay, I want
Tony’s mouth feels dry and his voice is hoarse when he speaks. “Yes, yeah. It’s fine, I’ll be fine. It’s just, it’s just gonna take some getting used to is all.” Rhodey continues to frown.
He sighs, “then we don’t have to, but I don’t want to be hurting you, even unintentionally, and I can’t fix this if I don’t know what’s wrong.”
Rhodey, Happy, and Pep have a bet on how far into the ceremony we’ll get before I start crying. Pepper, angel that she is, bet that I wouldn’t lose it until the very end but honestly all four of us are gonna be a mess. Pepper won’t look like one, she never does but she’ll be a mess. Happy thinks I won’t cry at all but I still sign his cheques so that doesn’t count. Rhodey is terrible and evil and bet that I’ll start while I’m walking her down the isle but he’s probably right.
“I’m- god Tony I’m so sorry,” he says, and his voice shakes, he’s looking down at his hands, looking completely lost.
Anyways I hope you enjoy! If it helps I have about 3000 words written of future scenes which should *hopefully* make some future chapters easier. I don't know how to write things in order.
Howard? I doubt it… I avoided bringing him up like my life fuckin’ depended on it. He was a real piece of work, don’t know about when you knew him, but he must’ve been different. If you’d have seen him back when I was young, I’m pretty sure you would’ve punched him. God, wouldn’t that be so satisfying, watching you knock the bastard out. I never got a punch in myself, I knew it’d be a lot worse if I fought back, figured that one out through experience.
“It sucks, that’s for damn sure. But we’re basically rewriting the accords here so we’ve gotta talk about what went wrong and why they sucked and why people hated them.” Steve hums noncommittally and doesn’t look up. “Look, I hate it too but its only for this weekend and then we don’t have to ever talk about it again if we don’t want to. We’ll do the press conference and then tell anyone who asks us after that to fuck right off. We just have to make it through this.” He tries to smile at Steve and mostly manages it, it feels mostly genuine which is probably a surprise to both of them.
Next week may be a little late as well unfortunately as my sister is coming home for a visit this weekend but I'll have a good amount of time to write next week!
There’s a plate of food outside the door with a note, ‘Nat made dinner, figured you’d probably be hungry.’ It’s not signed but it’s in Steve’s handwriting, and even if it wasn’t, he’d know who did it. Not that no one else ever brought him food but, Steve was the only one who ever did, and also the one who wasn’t always let in. Rhodey tended to bring more sandwiches or pizza, things Tony could eat when distracted, and JARVIS always let him in. Pepper usually dragged him out instead. He brings the plate in and closes the door, staring at it. Nat made it, which means it will be pretty good, she’s an efficient cook.
“So this is resting?” From anyone else it would sound judgmental but Steve is keeping his voice gentle, he sounds more worried than anything.
Hopefully this chapter being longer (like over double the usual length lol) makes up for the lateness! I've been trying to make them a bit longer lately, I feel like they're too short and I can never finish my scenes in a short enough time anyways.
Dawn of the second day of the anxiety conference. Will they actually talk to each other? Maybe! Will progress be made? Kinda! Are either of them good at this? Dear god no!
He wakes, scrabbling for purchase on the couch as he hauls himself up, his breathing shallow. He can still feel the cold air in his lungs and he can’t breathe and he can’t think oh god- and then Rhodey is there, sitting in front of him, telling him to breathe, and the room comes back into focus slowly. DUM-E is beside him with a glass of water, gently bumping his leg, Rhodey has his hands on Tony’s shoulders, his brow furrowed in concern.
I have so much to say to you and I need to get it all out before I see you again. I’m not sure if that makes any sense.  It didn’t make a ton of sense to me and I’m the one saying it. Thinking it? Writing it? Whatever, my point is, I’m maybe a little stressed, about you coming back. The conference was intense to put it mildly. I don’t know how okay I actually am with this but I guess we’re going to have to find out. I keep feeling like I need to do more before you get here but I don’t think there’s really anything else to do? I’m going to have to end up trying to distract myself for 2 weeks aren’t I? Ugh. You’re making my life very confusing right now and I hope you know that.
Extra details: Dates for the letters are October 17th, 18th, and 21st. Steve arrives on the 25th which means October is almost over, I think this is the longest month in the world. Nat made a salad with roasted chickpeas and grilled chicken, it's probably not going to be as good tomorrow he really should've just eaten it.
“Alright, alright, you have my phone number I know. Now where’s the finger food, I’m starved.” Tony smiles as he ambles off, going to bother Clint who is trying to hoover up all the appetizers with the force of a dyson.
“I know you addressed this to the captain but I’m sure he won’t mind if I steal it away?” He barely needs to glance at Steve to know he’s pulling back and nodding, not sure whether to be relieved yet. “As all of you here are likely aware, Captain Rogers and the rest of his team were pardoned by the UN earlier this fall and a statement was published in their official records. Which are of course, available to the public. I’m sure you’ll find a sufficiently detailed answer to your question there, as the UN were the ones who ultimately made the decision and Captain Rogers was not exactly in the room to comment.” One side of Steve’s mouth very quickly quirks up and Tony leans back, much better. Honestly though, asking about something that the media had already gotten wind of and analyzed half to death? It was clearly a ploy to try and wind Steve up, luckily it was a terrible one.
“You know, been better, been worse… I’m okay, it’s okay.” He makes a bit of a face which Rhodey raises an eyebrow at, but it’s the truth, honestly.
Fucking nightmares. They’re different now, they used to all be about Afghanistan, about drowning on land, then they were about watching everything I love die. Now they’re about Siberia, sometimes I die in them. I don’t know if the ones where I die are nightmares at all though, nightmares aren’t usually peaceful. You probably don’t know this but I had to reinstall the reactor again. Turns out if you slam someone in the chest with a shield and they already have a shitty heart it doesn’t go so well. Extremis didn’t fix me completely the first time and I don’t want to risk it again. I know it’s stable, I did the calculations myself, but its better this way. I did kind of miss it in a way, I got so used to having that light, it was odd to live without it. Not that I missed the pain, definitely not.
Tony doesn’t even register being on the floor until it happens, one minute he’s staring, steely-eyed at Steve, trying to find an opening, and the next he’s on the ground. What he does register is that Steve is looming over him, a hand still on his chest from the way he flipped him.
The moment Steve enters the gym Tony regrets his life choices. For one, he looks stupidly attractive, and that is truly uncalled for. He only lets that thought rest in his mind for a fraction of a second before it’s banished into the void. Tony Stark however, is not a quitter, and he’s going to do this and it’s going to be fun and it’s going to be relaxing and his brain really needs to shut up now.
So, that could’ve gone worse? I only really meant to send one message but it took you a while to respond and well, it’s fine. God, I sound like a teenager, its fine. You know its funny, I was dreading sending that message, I spent, far too long composing it, and now its fine. I’m okay with it, I’m still not okay with you but we’ll deal with that later.
“Doesn’t mean I don’t worry about them. Do you think you’re okay to go back to sleep?” Tony makes a non-committal grunt. “Okay, I’m assuming going upstairs is a no-go then?”
“I just wanted to, uh, let you know about, where I’m going after this.” He’s fidgeting uncomfortably.
I swear these bots are going to be the death of me, I don’t know how but if I die in my lab one day it was them and don’t say I didn’t warn you. DUM-E made me another one of his inedible smoothies today, he tries, he really does but he keeps forgetting that humans can’t digest motor oil, and that wrenches don’t go in the blender. Butterfingers nearly set the lab on fire trying to put one of my blowtorches away and U sprayed half the lab with the fire extinguisher because it panicked. I gave up on work for the day and just came upstairs. Come to think of it they might’ve done that on purpose. I’ve been down there for a few days and I probably haven’t been eating much. I’d be more annoyed but honestly, I’m really tired and I may pass out right here.
“If, if you need anything just let me know, or tell JARVIS to let me know.” Tony nods and waves him off and he leaves the room, shutting the door quietly behind him. Tony falls back on the bed with a groan.
Also, we’re ignoring some canon here in that the whole bruce/nat thing never happened and also clint doesn’t have a family, itd be kind of weird if he did and then came to live at the tower anyways. Also as much as I love ragnarok we’re ignoring it ☹ it doesn’t super fit with what im doing so alas, it must go
Tony wakes up to a small amount of sunlight drifting in through the blinds in his room. It’s still so quiet, Steve had left late. They hadn’t said much, it had all been so overwhelming and clearly neither of them was quite prepared to have a proper conversation about everything that had happened. Honestly, he was kind of glad, he had given thought to the possibility that they would have an exhausting emotional conversation but the thought had pretty much just been ‘dear god I hope not’.
Y’know I feel like these have stopped being like journal entries and more like letters, the only difference being that I am, Never sending these anywhere. I told my therapist what I was doing with her suggestion a while ago and she seemed a little surprised but she approved. It does feel, cathartic in a way, it also helps me keep track of time, and my life a bit… I don’t, really like to talk about the things I talk about here. There not things I would bring up to pretty much anyone I know, maybe bits of them to people like Rhodey and Pepper but, not everything. I can’t tell them a lot of these things, hell I still can’t write down everything, but its getting easier I think… and its helping. I think, I hope.
“I-I don’t know… I’ve been thinking about it, trying to talk through it for months, and in some ways I have forgiven him, but its only a version of him.” The room is quiet, silence hanging in the air. “I don’t know how I’ll react.” He’d played the scene out, dozens of times in his head, going through what he would say, it changed every time. At first he had thought he’d be calm, in control, angry but barely showing it, cold. That hadn’t lasted long.
I know you and the rest of the gang are running some “super secret” missions in Europe and North Africa, I think Tasha wants me to find the info, I know she’s usually way better at hiding it from me. She’s doing a good job, no need to worry, most people wouldn’t be able to get in but I think she left a back door for me and JARVIS. Also, you’re not being as sneaky as you think you are, there’s some shakey cellphone footage from that op you ran in Prague and some security cam footage from Istanbul, don’t worry I wiped them as soon as I saw them. Just because I’m mad at you doesn’t mean I’m not watching your back, you need all the help you can get.
To apologize for the time it took to post this, please enjoy a very small excerpt from what I've written ahead! See you soon, hopefully!
“It is 1:17 AM sir.” He can almost hear the judgement, and the sympathy. He’s going to pretend he can’t. “If I may sir, something was left outside for you. I told them you were not to be disturbed.”
Tony doesn’t wipe off the tear but he does rest his hand on one of Steve’s, as gently as he knows how, and it’s the hardest thing he’s ever done, but it’s also the easiest.
As soon as it’s done, he walks deliberately out of the kitchen, not even sparing a nod for Steve. Hopefully he’ll just assume Tony is on one of his working binges and that he didn’t notice him coming in. God this really can’t keep happening, he needs to pull himself together. It’s just fucking Steve, they’d lived together for years, why can’t he just get over this tiny little thing. He’s been almost killed a million times why is this different? (He knows why its different, of course he does, but it shouldn’t be, its not like he hasn’t been betrayed before, never by someone he was- never mind.) He should be able to handle this, but he can’t, not today at least, so he’s going to work. Maybe if he doesn’t sleep it’ll be better, easier. At least he won’t dream.
What time is it? I should sleep, or start working on that armor… Ugh okay okay, Rhodey’s standing outside the door and giving me a look. Sleep then, I’ll start on it tomorrow, I wonder if I can do something about the power drain from the chest repuls-
Tony just hums noncommittally and continues making his coffee. Steve showers quickly, he almost always does so that’s nothing new although it is something Tony forgets in his pre-coffee state. The door to the bathroom opens as Tony pours his coffee very well nearly all over his hand. Steve has clearly forgotten to bring clothing with him into the bathroom and as such walks out in a towel. It isn’t like Tony has never seen Steve less than fully clothed before, it’s just well… it’s been a while that’s all and his reaction is perfectly natural thank you very much.
“Ok.” He takes Steve’s hand, he answers the question. Steve’s smile is soft and hopeful, it reaches his eyes.
“That’s fine, he helps me out enough already, I’ll call him back later so he doesn’t freak out… Are you good? I mean that was probably a little fucked up to see.” He laughs ruefully, Steve doesn’t really seem amused, ugh.
We just started the beta testing for the new Starkphone and I was really tempted to send you one of the proprietary models. Well, a slightly improved one with access to my private satellites and what not. For some ungodly reason however, I’ve become mildly attached to the awful flip phone, and I doubt you’d accept or use anything I sent you right now, no matter how gorgeous the tech is. Working on the phones isn’t always incredibly interesting but they’re still extremely high quality of course and they’re the best on the market. I’m trying to push Apple out of the market a bit, offering more backwards compatibility, continuing to push updates to older models.
This is a little later than I would've liked but I got some awful news this weekend and not as much writing got done as I wanted. At any rate I hope you enjoy this chapter, things will be picking up next week with a bit of deviation from the regular format!
I don’t 100% know what day it is, I don’t really know if I care? I’m pretty sure its morning. I moved back to the tower, the compound is too quiet, I hate it. It’s quiet here too, but its our
It’s a bit later when he wakes up, the show is still playing but it’s not the same episode. Clint and Natasha have fallen asleep half on top of each other and there’s a blanket lightly covering them now. Come to think of it there’s one covering him too. He looks down in mild sleepy confusion and then looks back towards the hallway where he can see Steve’s quietly retreating form. Tony opens his mouth to call him back but stops. Not today. But he thanks him silently and feels a little better as he falls back asleep.
I always hoped she would leave him but I knew she couldn’t, I was lucky I could, she made sure I could, she protected me as best she could. I wish I would’ve thanked her more. The last time I saw her I was 19, I was home on a break from school, getting my second or third degree I don’t know. She and Howard were going on a trip, she played piano, I was shitty to dad, they left. A little while later I got the call. I don’t think I regret what I said to him but I wish I had said more to her.
