At some point, Peter had told Yaël about his past, the whole messed up stuff with Harry and Gwen… That was a true eye-opener to her. Peter was no regular kid, she always had known that with the Spider-Man stuff, but his emotional baggage was way heavier than she had thought. This kid grew up too fast, which explained his responsible behavior. But he also managed to stay kind and humble, of course he was also sarcastic, but he never meant to really hurt someone. So at that point, Yaël started looking at him like he was an equal, like he was twenty-four too. Not that she ever looked down at him, but he suddenly wasn’t a simple teenager anymore to her.
“Neither do I. Just pretend you’re good at it,” she tells him. Before they know it, Felicia and Johnny are on the floor as well, quickly followed by Shuri who doesn’t need a partner to show off her moves. Eventually, it becomes less on dancing with their ‘date’ but more on dancing with the group. Peter’s aware that the adults are looking at them from the sidelines, but he ignores it. He dances with everybody at one point – even Johnny. Nobody asks any questions when suddenly a sixth person joins their group, that one being a quite drunk Wade Wilson.
“Peter, what’s wrong?” Eddie asks. He sounds on the edge, which is good. He’ll just use that stress to get his ass out of here, Peter hopes.
Stark had offered Steve to stay at the tower once it was finished. He had offered it to everybody, claiming that he had big plans. Clint and Natasha agreed to check it out once it was finished. Thor promised that he would come by one day and check it out. Bruce immediately promised to join, which was why he hopped into the car.
“Tony, please, calm down,” Steve begs of him. Tony only realizes now that he’s sobbing again, now leaning back against Steve as he stops his struggling. He closes his eyes, but the tears still run freely.
“Thanks, dad,” Peter mutters mostly to himself. He’s glad to see Iron Man pushing the guy back with his repulsors. Shit, he should have at least eaten something before coming here.
“He woke up again a few minutes ago. Threw up some more, it was bloody this time. Next to that he’s losing more hair,” Steve explains. “Of course, you would know that if you were there.”
She agreed with Charles, she had to keep this to herself. If others would discover she was in possession of it, she could get in big trouble. Well, maybe she was in trouble anyway, maybe this stone worked like some kind of time bomb, ready to explode one day. It kicked in; no, no, she wasn’t ready for this yet. Yaël unwittingly put her hand against her chest as soon as her heart started racing.
No time to think about it. Peter continues his swinging, not thinking about the others upstairs. He can help Strange in the meantime. Surely, the guy isn’t going to be picky about it.
“Well, you do seem like you’re in desperate need of leadership.” Loki huffed with a smirk, still recovering from the shocks.
“Pepper, seriously, dial it down, I’m not really in the mood for this shit,” Tony mutters out. He steps away from the two of them to sit back down on the bed, his face pressed between his hands. “Can somebody just… hand me my pills? They’re in the bathroom.”
Steve marches towards the table Toomes is occupying. The man only barely looks up when he sees Steve arrive, but he seems to realize immediately that there’s something wrong here. Clearing his throat, he makes place for Steve’s plate.
Tony’s flying the quinjet. Rhodey is seated next to him, the two of them in the middle of a long conversation Peter hasn’t even tried to pay attention to. Bruce is somewhere on Peter’s left, headphones around his neck and explaining something to Steve, who seems like he’s lost in the words and is just nodding along to stay polite.
“Listen, dude, I don’t need shit today, okay?” Peter asks. There’s no obvious reason as to why TODAY of all days would be such a pain in the ass. Peter’s just in a mood and Johnny’s complaining isn’t really helping with it.
“That, and for that awesome ass-kicking you did.” Tony kisses the side of Peter’s head before the three pull back a little bit. Out of reach from the microphone, Steve, too, leans towards Peter to tell him something. Tony can’t hear it over the screams, but he doesn’t mind. They can have their private moment as well.
So she lets them talk, discuss, build up theories. She has nothing to add, other than eating her plate and instead address Wanda and Vision about their plans for the day. And while Wanda shares her stories about how much she loves being able to go to school now, Vision doesn’t have much to say.
“Mommy’s asleep and somebody didn’t want to join her in dream-land,” Tony whispers before looking down again. Then he sighs. “Just imagine…”
,” FRIDAY says all of the sudden. Tony sighs, and Natasha picks up her phone. Peter then decides to just emerge from the hallway as if he’s just walking in. His father’s distraction helps with his innocent act.
“You were brought here by ambulance after your son found you. You have a tube to your stomach to clean it out. Are you feeling any discomfort?”
“Well, I’ve got a party to go to right now and I don’t think you’re going to join me?” Johnny tries. It’s already clear on MJ’s face that she’s not looking forward to that. Neither is Peter, so he just gives him an apologetic look.
“Steve…” Tony whispers out when Steve starts leaning his head forward. Tony pulls back, not wanting him to get even closer. “When I’m gone… I need you to tell him this.”
In a hallway made of some special kind of steel, Yaël really wished she’d be able to steer air fluently. She couldn’t use rock here and she had to pull water and fire from people’s bodies. Not that that was hard, it was just a little bit grosser than just using it from other, non-living sources.
When Wade had walked into the apartment with his suit stuffed into his backpack, Yaël had asked Wade what he was planning on doing, since she didn’t want to get almost killed by him…again, that is. He had told her that he brought it to sooth Peter a bit. At that point, Yaël had told Wade that if he thought that would help to make Peter forget his stupid actions somehow, Wade had to be dumber than she had estimated him.
“No...” She felt like she had to soothe her father, but how could she possibly soothe someone who was dying? She could swear she could see his skin turning paler and his cheeks growing more and more hollow.
It’s always the same thing it ends up to. While at first it was about Tony overreacting to what happened at Otto’s, the conversation almost immediately went back to the same shit they’ve been arguing about for months now. Becauese despite how often Tony has to assure Steve that he can live with the decisions they’ve made for their future, the Super-Soldier still can’t seem to believe him.
Tony has been close to giving him house-arrest, too. But given Iron Man, that would be hypocritical of him, so he doesn’t.
“I could say the same thing about those art-classes of yours,” Peter counters. Felicia hands him back his book and gives him a wide smile, showing her larger front teeth. It’s kind of beautiful to look at, he realizes. Then he internally slaps himself on the head for even thinking that.
It’s weird to see them work so good together, but on the other hand Tony finds some relief in it as well; there aren’t many who are able (or willing) to work with the bot. Others have even suggested tuning up his programming, but Tony has always disagreed to that. Changing his programming would change the Bot. It wouldn’t be Dum-E anymore.
“They would rather die before letting him go somewhere alone, despite the kick-ass suit I made him.”
Peter’s stretching his limbs the moment he walks out. Bruce takes a look at his cellphone and clears his throat after a few coughs. Is he getting sick? Or did he just accidentally choke on his own spit? Tony does that sometimes, and it’s really just the worst.
“I sure do hope not. We don’t need another alien invasion after that last drama,” Fury says. Tony shivers upon the mention of the
“What are you- how are you? What is happening?” Peter asks. When Steve pulls away at last, the woman comes up. She reaches for her face, and seemingly starts to pull away her skin. Peter wants to shout, but he stops himself when he sees Natasha underneath.
The moment the beam is gone, Peter takes a quick look around to check the damage. His heart sinks when he sees Mr. Delmar’s shop there, in ruins. Immediately forgetting the criminals at his feet, Peter hurries outside to look for survivors.
. I had not taken into account that he’s also a teenager.” And can you blame him? Tony never had to deal with teenagers
“Seven in the evening. May comes in about an hour to get me home,” he reveals. Tony sighs, turns his head around and looks at Peter.
Meanwhile, Dr. Connors was put in a tight corner, and ended up experimenting on himself. Peter was pulled away into action when the guy caused havoc on the bridge, turned into a lizard. Of course, Peter didn’t know it was Dr. Connors at the time. He couldn’t even catch him since he was trying to pull up a car that still had a kid inside.
Tony shakes his head. “I don’t drink anymore,” he says, knowing exactly why that’s such a bad idea. Peter, though, gives him a disbelieving look.
A hand snitched away the phone as soon as she started typing. “Could you at least make the effort to act like you’re interested? I’m not drawing flowers because I like it, nor because I like you.”
or anything, but more… tall. Like they’re all older than he is. And that’s probably true, since he’s only eighteen. So far, he hasn’t found anybody that looks like they’re close to his age.
“Yeah, sure, I’m sure he’ll like that,” Tony returns. Steve nods, lifting his hand back to his ear. That’s when Tony realizes he’d been holding a phone there. Tony hadn’t even heard it going off.
“Wait,” Tony interrupts, holding up a hand. “So people went all zombie-mode on you, and you think the diarrhea is still the worst part of it all?”
Peter stays quiet after that; he had never tried to think too much about that day at the expo where he had raised his own hand with his self-made light attached to it. He had thought he could scare the thing off by just pretending to be Iron Man, but instead he made it that much worse for himself.
it off, it doesn’t participate! Almost as if it read his mind and decided to stick along the moment it found out Peter wasn’t going to wear it anymore.
“What are you talking about? Nobody is going to put me anywhere!” Come on, she went to Norway to have a peaceful vacation, away from all the fighting and stuff and then she ends up here. The woman chuckled and shot something at her, too quick for Yaël, who was still feeling a bit fuzzy, to dodge. Yaël cursed and grabbed her neck. At the spot where the woman had shot her, was a device planted in her skin.
“Come on, baby boy, just ride it out,” Tony begs of him, feeling Peter shake up and down underneath his hold. His eyes are stuck on the ceiling, unable to look down at the frightening form of his son like this. He could keep observing him, probably should, but he also knows it will just be more nightmare material for later. He doesn’t need that.
And so they do. Steve allows Tony to pull him down on the mattress, letting the engineer sit down on top of him. Their breaths become heavy, lips never parting from each other. To be able to feel Steve’s strong form underneath him again after more than two weeks makes him hungry enough that he could just ravish him on the spot.
“Well, there is this squirrel wandering around in the city, and it’s the size of a girl. A girl-sized squirrel!” he answered excited while paying the driver too much money. Well, that sounded like something Yaël had to see, too!
They’re in the tower today. Peter isn’t home, at his aunt’s for the week-end. That means that, for two whole days they have the whole place for themselves. Where Peter then expects them to spend the whole day naked in bed, Tony has other things planned for the day.
“Coming!” he shouts back. A quick look behind and he sees Tony slowly following him, too. He’s been so worried lately, it’s almost driving Peter crazy! And the worry didn’t come gradually, either; it was just… there, all of the sudden. One morning, before they were going to a fundraising party from Stark Industries. That’s when it started, because both Tony and Steve started acting weird after that.
So he wonders why now, suddenly, his body seems to react like this. Like he’s attracted to this girl right here, while in his whole heart he knows he wants to be with MJ. Maybe he should just go on a date with her, spend more time with her. Forget about this Cat and actually
Yaël had been training with Steve before, but it was clear he had been easy on her, because now, every morning when she tried to get out of her bed, she felt like she had been hit by a train. Luckily, she was still on her sleeping pills, so her muscular pains didn’t keep her awake.
MJ snorts again before standing up with her empty bowl. “I suppose I should get moving. I still have some homework to do. I’ll see you another time, perhaps?”
“Oh, so you’re one of those smart guys then? Pretty hot for a nerd, though,” she jokes. At least, Peter thinks she’s joking. He laughs it off, trying not to get too much into that flirting tone. “So what’s your deal, you got a girlfriend walking around here?”
Steve stared at the tap, then looked back at Yaël. Without noticing it, Yaël had walked back a few steps towards Steve. She had left the sink, but unknowingly kept filling Steve’s glass by steering a string of water from the tap into his glass.
“Oh, and that eye color thing is something I can’t control,” Yaël said as she remembered Wade’s earlier question “It depends on what element I’m using. When I’m handling something from the category earth, they turn green. With air, they turn grey. Fire makes them brown and water-“
Not that he needed to know that, right? Would he make a problem of that? Oh, what was she thinking, or she’d never see him again, or they would meet again and then she’d annoy him after a while or something like that. Wait, no, she just needed to stay away from him, maybe that was the best plan.
Okay, okay, he can do that. After pressing the panic button on Peter’s remote, he leans forward, grabbing on to Peter’s right side and pulling him towards him, until he’s lying on his left side.
“Tony, what’s going on?” Gwen has returned with Steve, so it seems. Peter can see Tony tense up visibly upon hearing the Captain’s voice. The engineer turns his head back to his project, obviously refusing to look up at him.
“Enjoying sex and having sexual attraction are two completely different things,” Natasha says calmly, and the others nod. “Mathilda and Terrence do not feel any attraction towards others, but they don’t mind having sex, since they enjoy it pretty much. But then there are people like me and a lot of others who
There was a bottle of vodka in her closet and some beer in her fridge and they were luring her. Yaël was very sure that it was the fault of the booze, they were calling her somehow. But she knew it was unhealthy to drink when she wasn’t feeling well, she wasn’t supposed to drink just to make herself feel better. Trying to distract herself, she focused on the people who were walking past the building.
“Alright, everybody, prepare for a smooth landing,” Tony jokes. When the quinjet shakes slightly, he chuckles. “Yeah, we’ll blame that on the wind.”
“Jackpot,” her voice calls out. Peter turns around and finds her kneeling in front of some sort of safe. One she somehow managed to open. Carefully, Peter walks up to her.
Seeing the boy disappear in the building, Tony takes a deep breath and asks Happy to start driving again. What he needs right now is a good talk with Rhodey, or
“What happened?” he asks curiously. Harry snorts and shakes his head. He puts his hands on his stomach, making it go up and down as he breathes.
He wonders how he’s going to get there, though. He can’t just walk in there as Peter Parker, now, can he? But going in as Spider-Man would mean that he’d have to walk through the forest after the buildings stop. Maybe he can just get dressed on his way after he gets out of the taxi?
“Your mother was a real smart woman, one of the smartest I’ve known. I’m very sure you’ll be just as great as her, if not even better,” Tony finds himself saying. He doesn’t understand where this sudden need to comfort Peter has come from, but it’s probably normal. This boy is the sixteen-year-old son of a woman he loved dearly almost seventeen years ago. And even though she completely shut him out of her life for that little slip-up, he never stopped caring for her. And if this boy is her only legacy, the kid is even all the more precious.
“It is, so get your ass in gear so we’ll make it even more awesome, hothead,” Peter jokes with a wide grin. Johnny rolls his eyes, looking sadly at the remote control that is already in his hands.
“I’m sorry, we had to let go of the piece we managed to preserve when we heard about the fight getting out of hand,” she admits. Peter hears Tony curse next to him. Steve just seems confused about what they’re talking about.
Entering the building, he’s once again greeted by multiple people he’s by now gotten to know by name. There’s Diana Lewess, a woman of forty who ran away from her abusive husband and has been trying to find a job with the help of the people here. Richard Hudson is only in his twenties and got thrown out of his parents’ house for being gay. Maggy Brown failed her classes and is afraid to go back home, while Tessa is an orphan who just didn’t have anything to her name.
,” she explains, and Peter’s mouth falls open in understanding. He puts his hands in the pockets of his hoodie and looks down to the floor. “
“Uh, do you have it?” she asked him. She did her best to not sound nervous, but inside she just wanted to take a sprint back to the compound. At least that would be a good warming up for the training with Vision later. Why hadn’t she just asked Stark for help?
Shit, he wasn’t even picking up! Yaël hung up before she even heard a beep while still staring at the bottle.
He doesn’t meet Steve’s eyes. Not at all. It’s probably also how he discovers the handcuffs around Steve’s left hand. The ones that attach him to his wheelchair. Once he sees Tony stare at it, Steve sighs.
"For that, no more sex for you this week," he tells him lowly. After that, he moves away from the kitchenette and joins the two teenagers on the couch. "Now what are we watching?"
He’s in so much shit, he realizes. And while he’s feeling guilty as hell about it, there’s also a part of him that finds this extremely thrilling.
Tony grabs on to Steve’s suit, putting his free hand on his sternum and rubbing the spot. While trying to even out his breaths, he’s aware of Steve throwing his arms around him and pulling him closer. It’s good, the feeling of tightness. Maybe he shouldn’t have gotten out of the suit; at least it kept him grounded, surrounded.
“I conceived the idea that you’re not really used to annual parties or birthday presents. I believe you Helvegians celebrate life with food and company, don’t you?” Yaël nodded a bit flabbergasted. “Good, then please accept my and Steve’s company, a pint and these cookies the rest of the evening.”
Of course he wasn’t, dumb twat, Yaël thought to herself. What could she do? She felt miserable herself. Being afraid to break down if she’d pull him into her arms, she simple patted his arm. Of course that didn’t help. Talking their shit out wasn’t going to happen that day, but Yaël couldn’t care less. Surely, she wanted her friend to know she loved him, and to tell him all the thing she might’ve said on that party didn’t matter anymore. She wanted to tell him she had been childish…but she couldn’t. Yaël knew none of these words, which would all come from her heart, would comfort this boy at this point.
“Oh crap, did we- you know?” the words spilled out before Yaël could even think about them. Peter didn’t answer. No… no, this wasn’t right! Normally, she wouldn’t care that much, but she wasn’t in the right state to go over this easily. She had just heard that somewhere across the universe, someone thought she was a part of him.
So, all in all, it seems like the Avengers work out pretty well without him. Good to know. Except not really. It’s not good to know at all.
“Fine, just… stay away from him, okay? I know it sounds kind of… mean from him, but I really think he can’t handle it right now.”
“Thanks, man,” he tells him. Then he throws his arms over his Uncle’s shoulders and hugs him tightly.
She wanted to scream to cut it out. Her heart pounded in her chest, this whole situation was fucking her up!
“Alright, now we’ll rip it,” Tony mutters. He puts down the scissors and looks back up at his son. When his eyes widen, Peter feels a bit of worry.
Yaël had been making miniature waves in her glass of water for a few minutes when Steve spoke again. She looked back to him. It had to be a huge problem, shown by his sudden weird behavior. Did she have to worry about something?
So, Yaël told him what she had seen at night. She didn’t know how much she told him afterwards, because somewhere during her own words, she fell asleep and that’s when Steve finally started driving. Sometime later, when Steve carried her off the motorcycle, she woke up and started rattling again.
The drop on the ground isn’t pleasurable. Leaving the suit behind and walking away from Steve hurts even more.
“Well, uh, technically I’m not an Avenger yet? You see, it’s mostly with these accords meaning I would have to reveal who I am and-“
She always opens the door personally, giving him a wide smile and pointing towards the chair. Peter nods at her, raising his hand with the apple in it and follows her instructions.
“I’ll go first,” Yaël proposed “Just follow right behind me.” Korg nodded, not stressing out at all.
“Look at this! It’s weird to think he actually fought with that thing!” Aunt May calls out, inspecting the shield up closer. Peter remembers when the exhibition was first announced. Aunt May had wanted to go, but they didn’t want to travel all the way to Washington for it so they decided to wait. The moment it moved to New York, Peter took some of the money he had earned for working at Stark’s and got himself two tickets.
He turns around the moment he hears Tony arrive, face softening only a little bit but immediately coming back to its stoic expression.
“Listen, Steve, if you want to go, you try and work it out with T’Challa tomorrow, okay? You won’t get there immediately, it can wait at least three more hours.”
Steve’s eyes get glassy with tears, his face full of emotion. After a small sob, the man pulls Peter closer again, almost squeezing him breathless in the strong hug. Next to him, Peter can see May giving him a fond look. Peter reaches out his hand towards her, letting her take it.
There’s another grunt of pain. Peter curses at himself for being so weak. Slowly but surely he gets back on his feet, only to be tackled by Venom once again. This time, there’s no ground to land on. They’re falling into the open air, Peter trying his best to hold back Eddie’s fists while at the same time reaching his webs towards the buildings around them. He needs something, anything, that would make him stop falling.
The thing that got thrown against his head had been a piece of paper. With a frown, Peter opens the little ball it forms, and sees that something is written inside. He recognizes Flash’ handwriting immediately.
With Flash begrudgingly joining the Decathlon-team – as a sanction from his own mother after all that bullying in the past – things almost even feel weird at the school. The constant ‘fear’ of having Flash kicking his ass quickly passes over, but instead comes another growing fear, this one being Ned.
“Oh, so then you must know Scotty! He’s a teacher there. Maybe you students called him mister Summers…” Mrs. Thompson chattered happily.
Steve mumbles. Then the camera moves again until Tony is lying down next to Steve, the phone above their heads.
“Oh, are you back again?” Nilla asked. She was sitting in a dark corner, arms bound to her chest, glaring at her blue and purple haired sister. Nilla didn’t seem as happy as the last time Yaël had seen her. The circles under her eyes seemed to be even darker.
“Let’s just write off kids for good then?” Steve suggests. Tony nods, though still grinning through it. His hand finds Steve’s, and he squeezes his fingers.
“I know it’s a strange question, but could I maybe get a picture with the shield as well?” she asks, this time with the question directed at Steve, who frowns for a moment. In those short few seconds, Tony fears that he’ll say no, but eventually he shrugs.
“Nor do you have to, this whole question is stupid,” Natasha mutters, making Steve even more confused. She just wishes she could warn him about the stupidity that is about to be thrown his way.
with them all the time. It’s not that Peter’s glad to be rid of Harry, but it gives him at least a little bit of time to deal with his medication-issue. It wouldn’t do them any good if he’d get another panic attack when Harry makes a joke.
“But isn’t it kind of coincidental? I mean, I suddenly appear after they announce that Tony has a kid?”
“I would say they are a bit more than just good friends.” He had to be kidding her, right? Was being in love with Death even possible? Wasn’t Wade hunting Peter, or is that just a distraction from not being able with Death?
“True, at least you have a dad now.” Oh, jeez, these words almost cut her own throat, she surely didn’t see that one coming. Yeah, sure, she didn’t have any family left, but she was used to it, to taking care of herself, right?
"FRI? Is Bruce busy at the moment?" Peter asks while heading to the kitchenette and get himself a hot cup of coco.
“So what do we do next?” the woman asked, once again pulling the attention back to the problem: Hela, walking towards them from the other side of the bridge. Yaël had to admit that the Goddess of Death had a whole lot of flair, walking there menacingly with her arms open as if she was the villain in some sort of movie…
“You liked it? There’s more where that one came from!” Wade continues. Peter shakes his head, holding up his hands while taking a few steps back.
“Peter, come on, open up! It’s Rhodey!” somebody says. That’s when Peter realizes that the pounding is not just in his head. It’s his head reacting to the noise coming out of the hallway. Peter sighs and walks out of his room with careful steps. Once he’s at the door, he realizes he might not really appear his best. He’s sure he can convince Rhodey not to tell Aunt May, or at least he hopes so.
Peter huffs out bitterly. “My girlfriend broke up with me, I’m having blackouts, my best friend’s in love with me and I almost beat a guy to death. How do you think I’m feeling?” he mutters out. Tony closes the door behind him, leaning against it while he tries to find out what he’s supposed to say.
Rhodey calls out in their ears. Tony and Steve both seem to ignore him. Next to Peter, Strange groans in frustration as well.
Steve is here, next to him, and as they continue their kiss, Tony realizes that, all along, Pepper might have been right about this.
“So how’s Tony? You should invite him! We should like, h-hang out rrrright now!” Steve shook his head and put her back on her feet, looking a bit cautious to see if she’d fall down again.
“Alright, who needed my help?” Bruce asks, clapping his hands together. Three of the four teenagers raise their hands in embarrassment. Peter watches Bruce smile before he motions for them to follow him to the elevator. Peter already knows he’s taking them to his lab downstairs. “You joining us, Peter?”
Okay, that last part is just added to tease him a bit. He knows Tony is going to get flustered after this, and he can already hear him sputter on the other side of the line.
the front desk he can call, but that guy will let him hold and wait until he’s put through to the right person, and Peter will be standing there for ten minutes. He doesn’t have that time.
Still, after ten minutes his mind wanders again and he’s doodling either way. This time, it’s for the robot he’d been designing many months back. After all that crap, he’s never gotten around to finish it, which is too bad, really. Peter should resume his work on it when he gets home this evening.
Steve has such a few things he’s passionate about. Tony vaguely remembers the guy mentioning them, and of course once he’s heard it, it stays in his brain for a long time. That’s how he’s managed to plan out this entire evening without any trouble.
Tony looks everywhere; under the bed, in the closet, in the bathroom. It’s only when he gets a bit of drool into his hair that he notices his son is hanging above his head.
“He’s not going to believe me,” Steve tells him, then. Tony tilts his head to the side for a bit, smiling again.
Peter looks at the camera footage, seeing a man around probably Tony’s age, though still appearing older than him. He looks sympathetic, clearly very eager to continue his work.
“Just about a minute ago. Steve, what’s going on? Why are these idiots laughing their asses off?” Peter asks, pointing towards the colonel and the sergeant on the couch. Just as they’re about to regain themselves, they notice Steve standing there and start up another laughing fit.
Peter talked and talked. It was obvious that he needed someone to spill his heart to. And all Yaël could do was listen and feed the ducks when Wade gave her some bread to throw into the water. Peter had something normal, domestic and that was exactly what Yaël liked about him.
“The fuck, dude?” Peter says before he can think better of it. Too bad for him, his boss had just been passing by behind him and, of course, heard the words come out of his mouth.
Who did he think he was? Well, at least, there were enough trees in the park if she wanted to hide behind it in shame.
The man held the rounded door open for her. The light coming from the house looked inviting. Yaël’s mouth fell open as she walked in. The interior looked cozy and warm. There were plaids and rugs everywhere. An open fire warmed up the room and, together with a few candles, lighted it. There were no signs of electricity or modern devices of any kind. The bed was placed behind a big sort of curtain which served as a door and stood open a bit so Yaël could see it.
“D’you have any ideas yet?” Clint asks, leaning back a bit after the suddenness of Peter’s question has worn off.
Smug because of his victory, Tony walks away from the desk and heads to the counter where all his medical stuff is put. There have been too many times where he’s had to patch himself up, so he’s gotten an entire stash out here instead of having to call Pepper all the time to bring things down.
“Yeah, isn’t that amazing?” he asks. “I woke up and I was just, like, AAAAAAH! You know what I mean?”
“It’s been a long day,” Steve says, and lord, how does hearing his voice melt Tony from the inside. It hasn’t been that long, but Tony still feels like he hasn’t heard it in over ten years or so. He’s so close to just pulling Steve into a strong hug, but he’s too aware of Barnes pointing his gun at his face.
?” talking to Fury surely wasn’t as pleasant as talking to X. Fury sounded way more…restive. Probably because he didn’t like her anyways.
Even if Peter hadn’t been his biological son, Tony is sure that he would have considered him his either way. Everything about the kid screams ‘mine! Stay off!’, and Tony isn’t sure if that should worry him or not.
“Yes, but you sometimes sleep with guys, right? I’m sorry, I’m being nosey but I’m just trying to figure you out.”
Tony shrugs, pulling up his tablet again before searching through it. Then, once he’s found it he turns it back around.
Tony shoots up when he hears the sound. He grabs the phone from Peter’s hand and holds it close to his ear.
Without any warning, she slightly lifts up the mask, leans forward and kisses him straight on the mouth. Right here, where there are many cameras and witnesses nearby. He can hear the kids behind him making a disgusted sound at the sight of them. People are gasping in surprise, the sound of shutters surrounding them. Peter’s eyes are open wide for a few short second before he closes his eyes, lifting up his hand and putting it behind the Cat’s head. He leans into the kiss, deepening it until both of them pull away to get some breath.
“Excuse me?” she stammers out. She takes a quick look inside the house, as if she’s heard something. Nothing happens, but she doesn’t seem to lose her guard a she gets herself outside and nearly closes the door behind her. “Listen, Tony, I know you miss me, I miss you, too. But I just can’t do this anymore.”
Bruce sighs, pushing himself off the fence and starting his walk to the door. Then he turns towards Peter, nodding inside.
“Long time no see!” Yaël said as soon as she saw the tall, dark-haired guy again. He was wearing the cloak again.
“You come out of that accident too?!” The lobbyist noticed her as soon as she walked into the modern-looking building.
Bruce, too, gets up. “Yeah, I should leave you two alone, as well,” he says. “Don’t- just take it slow, guys, okay?”
As he arranges on hanging out with them on Sunday, Peter looks up for a bit where he can see Mr. Stark and Steve talking to each other. He’s really dying to know what they’re talking about, but it’s not really his business, right?
“Did I- I fell asleep again, didn’t I?” he asks with clear embarrassment. It’s not often that anybody can get Tony Stark flustered.
Yaël was fighting against falling asleep, but she unwittingly leaned more into Lopt’s embrace. He rested his chin on her shoulder and closed his eyes himself.
“Harry?!” Peter calls out, suddenly running towards the door and opening it. Once he’s faced with his best friend, a strong gasp escapes his lungs. “What are you- how are you- when did you-?” No sentence manages to be formed. Harry just smiles at him, though it’s not the usual playful smirk.
“Not often. But it won’t take a genius to find out where the blood will be stored,” she returns with a wink. In the way she moves, it’s clear that there’s still a sadness in her. It’s quite normal, obviously. Still, Tony finds that he can’t remove his eyes from her.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but Peter will get bit by one of Richard’s spiders, which should actually kill him since he’s not of the same blood as him?” she tries. Tony hums in agreement and Mary throws her head back in defeat.
“Yo, miss Peter’s aunt,” Yaël answered happily, May’s enthusiasm was contagious. “Is Peter home?” May took a towel and quickly dried her hands before throwing it on the kitchen counter.
Oh, shit. “Bruce, come here for a second,” Tony calls out. Bruce drops his tablet to the table and joins Tony behind the screen.
“Dude, are you telling me you had a crush on me?” Peter asks, shocked. “But then why did the Goblin want to kill
“My dead boyfriend from another universe,” she deadpans, obviously to cause a reaction from them. The two stiffen at her words, shutting their mouths in the sudden tension there’s going on. “In his world, he became Spider-Man, and I died. Here, I became Spider-Woman and
“Wow, nice to see you too,” Cat answers cockily, leaning forward to kiss Peter on the cheek. “I saw you swing this way and figured you could use a hand.”
Yaël’s eyes itched so badly, she felt tears running down her face. Being cold while standing in warm smoke was a strange feeling. Moving her fingers started to feel weird. All her instincts yelled at her, she needed to do something or she’d die in that stupid cage. With one hand, she kept knocking the rock against the wall, with the other, she wiped away her tears.
The suit, having been put in the closet for a long while, feels a bit stiff after being locked away for such a long time. It takes a few stretching moves to loosen it up a bit. Putting on the mask gives Peter another strange sense of relief. He’s missed being Spider-Man, and he knows he’ll have his work cut out for him tonight; after all, a hiatus of two and half weeks is enough to give the criminals a feeling of security on the streets – which in turns gives the people a feeling of
“What do you mean?” Sandy asks. They come to stand at the door of the patient’s room, keeping their voices low. It’s not like he can hear them, but the other patients could. They notice the doctor standing by the man’s bedside, once again having a look at the place where the exo-skeleton is stuck to his spine. So far, all their attempts of removing it have been unsuccessful. The arms defend themselves, and multiple nurses and doctors have been thrown around the room in the trying.
“Uh, aren’t you a criminal yourself?” Peter asks. Finally he sits back up, turning towards her to give her a good look. Cat sits there, hunched forward a little bit and giving Peter a very good view of her cleavage. In all politeness, he very much keeps his eyes from that particular area.
The next day, Peter finds himself at school, but he figures out quickly enough that he might as well have been a ghost. He pays attention as much as he can, and he makes the exercises they’re giving him, but everything people tell him goes right over his head.
There are so many more things going through his mind as he stares outside the car window, but his brain feels like mush and it doesn’t feel like there will be anything coherent coming out of there anytime soon.
“I fell off the tower trying to evade the security,” she admits. She probably already knows they’re all aware it was her all along. “I think I broke a window. I’m not all that sure of what happened.”
Some of the teens softly smiled at their teacher’s incapability, a few started sketching immediately, others thought for a bit before they started and then there was Wade. He somehow managed to get into the school just to follow one of Yaël’s lessons. Because he was already annoying other students before Yaël could even start the arts class, she forced him to sit all by himself in the back of the class.
Things have been rough on Peter. The day after getting rid of Venom, it started. The combination of seeing Gwen again, losing MJ, having his body hijacked and the arguments is just too much. Tony doesn’t know how he can help him. Nobody in here knows. They’re all just watching on the tips of their toes, avoiding making it worse.
“Are you guys done arguing about this?” Wanda asked calmly. “I only walked in a minute ago and I can already tell you that this state of hers hasn’t a lot to do with physical illness, something is twitching in her head. And twitching is a very soft and kind word for what’s going on in there.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t know your old man that well, I’m afraid,” he admits. Peter can understand that. He’s not going to mention that he was more addressing Clint, Steve and Sam. Though even with Sam it’s not clear if the two got along that well.
As Ross drones on more and more about something called ‘the accords’, Tony can’t do much more than agree, because the only words that stand out to him are ‘Avengers’, ‘damage’ and ‘put in check’. No matter how much it pains him to say it, but he can’t agree more.
“Oh, I don’t doubt that,” Bruce jokes. “I was thinking, since you’re having chemistry tomorrow, maybe you want to hang out in the lab? Experiment a bit? I’m sure Tony won’t mind.”
“Yaël, please don’t break my fingers,” X said softly, but she was distracted by the sound of the voice coming from her memory-self. It didn’t sound hoarse at all. It sounded completely different than her own voice.
“That’s not fair, Tony,” Steve says with a shaking voice. His eyes appear wet. “I saw him there, too. I felt it just as much as you did.”
No, I’m afraid I can’t let you do that yet. You see, everyone that once knew you, thinks you’re dead, X had explained.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ve been through worse than this,” Spider-Man says, leaning forward a bit while he tries to catch his breath. “Thanks for the assist, though.”
He doesn’t think; all he does is pressing the number, and then quickly putting his thumb on the green button. When he puts the device against his ear, he breathes out heavily when he hears the line going over.
“Idiot,” Yaël mumbled as the whip quickly pulled the zombie into the water. Her voice sounded hoarse from getting choked just a few minutes ago.
“You’ve got to be kidding me?” Tony complains, turning his head back and eyes peeled on the ceiling. The team already barely takes him seriously, and now they can add this to the list of ‘why Tony Stark isn’t fit to be an Avenger’. So far, the creation of Ultron is on the top of said list.
Peter can also kind of understand the Cat’s fixation on him in the past few weeks. The rumors for relationships and other stuff. The idea that Peter’s actually slept with her at least twice in the past three weeks is enough to make him shiver on the spot. He feels violated by his own subconscious.
“I think you have to disinfect it firstly,” he countered wisely when Yaël had finally found something to smear on her wound. Oh, great, so now she had to search for a disinfectant too. Before she could even open one of the cabinets, Vision already pulled the bottle out one of the drawers, like he knew where it was in forehand.
But yeah, their clothes were mostly off, and with Tony’s hand around Steve’s junk being the way Peter found them, it was obvious that they lost.
“Hey, Dads! Breakfast time remember?” Peter suddenly shouts out, standing further away from them. He, Mantis and Shuri are turned towards them, having lost their attention to whatever their conversation was about. Steve nods, waving up at him.
Of course there were moments when Yaël missed Peter, Wade (who, somehow, must’ve had the no-calling-memo, because he never even tried to reach her), Wanda, Charles and Steve. Quite often, she felt guilty for running off like that, like a little brat. These were the times when she wrote letters to them on the back of the photos or on postcards she bought during her trip. She’d never send them, though; because where the heck would everybody live after the whole civil-war-shitshow?!
And after that making his arrangements, Peter leaves the country in Tony’s private plane, passport at the ready and suit safely tucked away in his bag. After having checked in at the airport, having taken all his documents through the official channels, he quickly hurries back into his suit before entering the plane. It’s how he agreed to do it with Tony, since they’re both all about keeping his identity – okay, no, Peter wanted to uphold it. Of course, Tony wouldn’t have minded to know who he really is.
“Go suck on a lemon, Barton,” Tony throws back, pointing at Clint with a light glare. The archer laughs at that, but he doesn’t respond. Then, Tony turns to Steve. “Honey, I know I’m irresistible, but I
It’s better not to think too much about it. As far as Peter knows, Mr. Stark is now in a relationship with Mrs. Potts, and if the pictures are any proof, they’re actually quite happy together. So Peter takes a few deep breaths, and has to tell himself repeatedly that it’s all in the past. His mother obviously felt bad about it, so it’s not like she did it intentionally. Or Mr. Stark, for that matter.
Putting down the PIN as written on the letter, his feeling of relief is endless when it’s accepted. Peter messes a bit with it, trying to find how it works. But eventually, he stumbles across the contacts on it.
“I take my meds, don’t worry,” Tony says, waving the concern off. “I had Happy throw all alcoholic drinks out, Dr. Cho comes by every day to check on me. Have I told you I have a bit of super-soldier serum in me, too?”
“Can you get Steve for me?” he asks in a whisper. She frowns, confused, but then shrugs and nods. Quietly, she starts walking off, leaving Peter behind with Tony. “Actually, Mr. Stark, you and Steve live together in my universe.”
“You smell like your workshop,” he imitates Pepper. “It’s nothing I haven’t seen before – sure fine but imagine me walking in on her getting dressed then I’m really gonna get it, stupid shit rules I don’t understand…”
“Come on, I’ll come with you,” he says. Peter nods, and after taking a deep breath, he walks up to those stairs that lead to the stage.
Peter tries to hold on. He tries as much as he can. But even from where he’s currently hanging on for his life, he can see the web giving up. Small strands of black web breaks, thinning it out to a point where Peter’s rather surprised it’s still holding him.
It’s when he’s out of the room that he notices something hanging on the front door. It looks like a letter, maybe? Peter blinks once before walking up to it. Standing in front of it, Peter recognizes Johnny’s messy handwriting.
By the time he arrives at the prison, Tony is already inside, looking up at Peter with an amused smile. Instead of commenting on his tardiness, he just pulls up the third chair and drops his cards.
It’s like the nerves come up after the event. It takes about ten minutes before the door opens up again and Strange gestures for them to come inside. Before Tony can even move, May storms inside with Steve following her a bit more slowly. Tony stays on the spot, unable to move.
“Is this what passes for studying lately?” Tony suddenly asks jokingly as he walks in the living room holding an empty cup of coffee and his tablet. He’s smirking, though he still looks extremely tired.
He notes quickly that there are things in the fridge. Things that were supposed to stay cool, but now surely aren’t useable anymore for whatever they needed it for. Tony just walks it by; he knows quite some things about biology, but it’s not his field. Nor his interest. That’s more Banner’s thing.
Of course, Peter should have known that Tony would have ulterior motives to bring Peter along with him. That much is clear when he gets the whole tour of the school, along with an elaborated explanation as to what exactly the students can do here. After being shown a few of the examples, Peter crosses his arms and turns to his father.
“GUYS! STOP FIGHTING!” Peter throws in. When both Tony and Steve turn to look at him, Peter points towards Mordo, who is looking furious.
Yaël slid one of her feet backwards and focused on her breathing as the respiration made it easier to ‘catch up’ the air. She tried steering it in such a way she could create another person, but instead she accidentally blasted a stream of air against her stone creation, which of course immediately blew into a million pieces. Her miserable, frustrated cry echoed through the gymnasium. Now she had to rebuild the whole damn thing!
in this relationship,” James says, pointing up a finger and hissing when Natasha slaps it away again.
The Iron Man loads up the gun and points it at Peter. Out of reflex, he snatches it out of his hands with his webs. With a practiced movement, he pulls the gun away so it smashes the men on their heads. As a result, Iron Man and Cap drop down on the ground with a groan. The Thor then tries to land in an elbow-punch, but Peter catches it immediately, pushing the elbow back until the man’s fist punches the Hulk in the face instead. The two fall down on the ground with a grunt as well, though the Thor-man flies against the poster, breaking the glass that covers it.
“You say that now. Wait until you get into the college life, Mr. Parker,” Steve responds to that, and Peter honestly has nothing to say to that. He’ll try not to let college make him forget about his family, he supposes?
Wade lost his senses, Yaël was sure about that. Why would that freaking psycho start shooting at this boy?! With a few steps, Yaël put herself and her shield in front of Peter. Yaël checked on the teen, hoping he wasn’t hurt. Her mouth fell open and she stared at him, hanging on a wall like he pasted his hands and feet to it.
“They’re on their way back. Mission was another bust,” Tony says calmly. “He’s not coming here, though.”
“And he’s alive!” Peter had called out when they walked in. Johnny had just flipped him off before getting an apron of his own; a black one with little flames on it. Peter’s pretty sure MJ held that one apart just for him.
"And along came the mourning of another," Yaël sighed as she saw Peter walk to a certain row, like he was on auto-pilot. "He'll probably think I'm paranoid if he sees me talking tomyself like this."
When he stops the car in front of his apartment building in Queens, Tony puts the tablet aside again and turns to Peter with another smile.
Sure, she did a whole lot of chores next to work and training. She vacuumed and cleaned the hallways and kitchen constantly and sometimes she did the laundry. Luckily, all of the residents had enough manners to do their own laundry most of the time. Sometimes they were all hanging around in the laundry-room, happily chattering while waiting until their machine is done with washing. Yep, Yaël surely appreciated those simple moments and this way, Tony couldn't complain about her not paying or doing anything.
“It could mean multiple things. The most important part now is that we do some tests, see what exactly is going on in there,” with that, Dr. Palmer points towards Tony’s belly. “The nurse mentioned you’ve been feeling sick lately?”
“I-I just don’t know you guys. Nobody’s even supposed to know, but yet here we are, Wanda knows, you know. I wonder who else does?” Peter explains.
“Eh, about a day,” Peter shrugs. It had been a long day, of course, but lots and lots of experimenting surely makes the time move faster. Peter had been enjoying himself in trying out formula after formula to recreate a perfect and sturdy web.
And then it hits him; is it really the best idea to tell Peter what his mother just told him? Does Peter need to know that his
“So, what, you two together now?” Johnny continues with the widest smirk on his face. Peter just slaps him on the arm.
There’s nowhere he can go, nothing he can do. He puts his hands in his hair, eyes locked onto the sky. It’s getting dark already, seconds ticking by, precious time being wasted. And Tony’s here, unable to help out his son because he’s a couple years too late.
“No, not assist,” Mr. Stark says, shaking his head. “Teamwork.” Then the man winks at him, and Peter laughs. Before either can say anything more, the door opens and Steve walks back inside, holding a blue box in his hand that looks about the size of Peter’s fist.
Oh, this is going horribly. MJ squints her eyes together for a bit, cheeks still reddened though that could be because of the cold.
Peter talks excitedly, but it doesn’t really get to Tony. He’s mostly tired, wanting nothing more than to just sleep it off, catch a few hours and eventually get back to his workshop. It’s been too long since his fingers have been busy!
“I want to see him,” he returns. There’s only a moment of silence from FRIDAY. “Tony can’t know about this.”
“Peter can take care of himself, Tony,” Steve assures him, pulling him by the arm until he’s on his back, lying next to Steve. “Now, please, go to sleep. We’ll take care of everything tomorrow.”
“Oh, I don’t know, I just wanna see who is going to lose,” Sam says with a grin. Steve slaps his forehead, while Natasha flicks the three men’s as well.
the AI says. Peter shudders as he follows the blood, finding that it does, indeed, lead to the bathroom. He knocks once, but there’s no answer.
Shit is going down in this chapter, and we're on for another ride. I'm sorry in advance, the nurse inside of me took over once again. But while the drama is there, the end is also slowly getting in sight!
happened,” he admits. There’s a sound in the background, but nobody looks up. It’s not surprising when Vision suddenly joins them in the room. When he opens his mouth, Peter holds up his hand to silence him. Vision stares at him but then nods.
Iron Man suddenly calls out, hovering above him with that same menacing mask as always. Peter looks up, shaking his head.
Arriving at his Uncle’s, Miles just takes out the key he’s been given and lets himself in. Uncle Aaron’s apartment looks comfy but small, which isn’t too weird for a guy who’s single and rarely home. Miles drops the key in the bowl at the entrance, lets go of his bag and heads towards the kitchen.
“What do yo- what do you want from me, huh?” he asks in frustration. “W-want me to spill the beans? Well tough luck, I already have a therapist for that. Want me to talk about the fact that I almost fell to my death? You really want me to relive that memory that badly?”
“Let’s get her back to her parents, shall we?” Tony offers, and Steve nods. The two get out of the car, Tony careful to make sure he doesn’t fall down on his face. Meanwhile, Steve easily gets Annie out of her seat, holding her in his arms as he gets to the sidewalk. Annie’s long brown curls fall in front of her face, and Tony can’t fight that strong urge to pull them aside.
He’s been in surgery? That must be why his throat feels like a tubed has been shoved through it – because there has been one
“Right, what does that have to do with me?” Peter asks in confusion. Rhodey rolls his eyes before walking past him, straight into his bedroom.
Peter hesitates for a few seconds more before nodding and letting go of the ceiling. In a swift motion, he drops down on the ground. When his hair keeps on sticking up, Shuri laughs and passes her hand through it to mess it up even more.
No, better keep out of his way. Peter sighs and pushes his skateboard forward again. It feels good to just travel around like any ordinary teenage kid would do. Sure, it’s awesome being Spider-Man, but sometimes he misses being normal a bit.
Ned asks, clear annoyance in his voice. His right eyebrow is raised up, clearly unimpressed by Peter’s attempt of staying awake.
“Apparently, Johnny and Wade are taking care of that part,” Tony says, though not exactly sounding confident about that. Pepper nods, throwing away what Bruce made and beginning from scratch.
“Wade, stop it, you’re freaking me out.” Yaël muttered. She’d never understand how this guy’s brain works, but it surely was freaking creepy.
“It’s snowing outside, and we didn’t want to get stuck in traffic,” they had said when they arrived at the door. Nobody complains about that, of course. They just put their presents underneath the tree, Happy then helps out adding chairs and fetching the tables from the lower floors to add them upstairs.
“Hey, guys, there’s a pretty girl at the front door who would like to see Peter?” Johnny suddenly comes up, knocking on Peter’s bedroom door. The two men finally let go of Peter at last, and after a short squeeze of Peter’s shoulder, Tony walks off. Steve frowns, going after Tony almost immediately.
Tony gives him a long look before nodding. Letting go of Peter completely after giving him a kiss on the forehead, Tony jumps back into the suit, waiting for Johnny to give his instructions. It lasts about ten minutes before the last of the fire is down completely, but it’s fascinating to watch Johnny walking back inside, flaming on and surrounded by it as well. It’s almost hard to distinguish him.
The worst part, he feels like FRIDAY had purposely not told them about Peter climbing up the building.
They all nod. Simultaneously, they take off their aprons and put them down on the table. Then after saying goodbye to everybody (and high-fiving a couple of the homeless they’ve come to befriend), the five of them finally head out.
“Don’t want to claim you for everything, kid,” Tony mutters without looking up. Peter nods without really understanding. Then he clears his throat and checks his cellphone again. There’s a message, but it’s from Wade, asking him if he left the stove on. Peter rolls his eyes once more and puts the phone aside.
He gets into the living room, where Peter can see Steve managed to pull Tony out of the workshop. Though, even though the guy is enjoying some time with his partner, it’s clear that he doesn’t particularly approve of what they’re watching.
“Huh, weird?” Peter mutters to his own. He walks inside the room, taking a quick look. It’s a lot cleaner than he remembers. The clothes that had been lying around are suddenly no longer on the floor. His desk, which had been covered with books and DVD’s is now almost empty. The laptop on it is also gone.
“I’m spontaneous, there’s a difference.” Then he grabs the water bottle on the table and throws it up in the air, winking at Peter and hurrying back to his own place. When the bottle comes back down, it lands perfectly.
“Peter, what’s that?” Felicia asks all of the sudden, pulling Peter out of the article. She leans up, reading along over his shoulder in a speed tempo. Then she smirks, putting out her tongue playfully. “My guess is that they’re a thing.”
Yaël walked back into her bedroom, figuring Peter would be wearing clothes by now. But she just walked into her friend staring at the shirt he was holding in his hands, like he was too confused to understand how and why he should put it on. A bell rang in Yaël’s head: maybe the boy had been taking his pills and mixed those with booze… Which made him react like this. Another bell rang: she had forgotten to take her sleeping-pills last night…
Norman is silent, still and Mary shifts on her feet. Tony is extremely sure that she’s nervous but she doesn’t appear to be. Damn, she’s a good actress.
For a short second, his mind wanders back to the suit. It’s not really much action he’s expecting here. Would it be so much trouble if he would just…? No, better not. Steve still hasn’t declared him fit for it anyway.
“I knew where I was needed,” Tony says. It’s all a part of the accords, after all. He did kind of break the rules by showing up as Iron Man, but he only had about five minutes before things would have gotten horribly wrong. “So what’s the status?”
Disgusted with himself, Peter passes the back of his hand over his lips as if to dry them. His mask is still lifted up so he quickly pulls it down, glad that she at least didn’t pull it off completely.
Shit, didn’t she have to mow the lawn of Ms. Tenson today? Yaël jumped out of her bed and searched for clothes. She found a pair of old, dark blue, Harlem trousers and a worn out, black top with a few little holes in it. Yaël ran to her moldy bathroom and brushed her teeth. She did her best to brush her hair…
He doesn’t speak when their hands touch. Doesn’t speak when her fingers actively reach out for him, surrounding his wrist. When she looks down she sighs.
“You gonna be okay on your way home?” Peter asks. Ned just stares, but then nods, finally closing his mouth. “Alright, then I’m off. I’ll see you again, Ned!”
Peter feels like the suit is going to stop fighting. The struggling against Steve stop, which is about the biggest relief Peter has right now. He lowers his head and closes his eyes, just wishing that Tony would start up the device already. Next to him, Peter can see Hope finally getting rid of the web on her eyes by shrinking it down.
“No,” he admits. Tony feels bad for him. He shouldn’t have gotten dragged along into this. Tony wraps an arm around the boy’s shoulders and pulls him closer. Once Peter’s leaning against Tony, still bouncing nervously, Tony kisses him gently on the top of his head.
“It’s… refreshing, somehow. I don’t know how to explain it,” Tony shrugs. “Say, any luck on contacting Betty again?”
Why had she been so angry with him last night? Oh right, she was drunk and…she had just discovered the whole city thought of her as a villain. Well, probably being linked to the God of Mischief didn’t help that reputation either. Steve was right, it had been hard for her to know which side she was on when she first arrived on earth, because she had been sleeping around with the bloody uber-villain himself, she was a master-weapon and she was a lonely creature at that point. Suddenly she remembered how she ended up in the Chitauri attack.
A short look at his hands, and he realizes he’s wearing the suit again. He can’t even remember putting it back on.
“I love you, okay? You heard it all when I was going nuts in the hospital. You know what I feel about you.”
And too soon, as well. He still barely knows anything about the man, despite the many random conversations they’ve had. They have a mutual friend, that one being Yaël (apparently, Peter learned later on, they knew each other from before the girl lost her memory. Yaël has been extremely vague about it and he hasn’t really dared to ask Steve about it yet), and now Steve is (kind of) dating Peter’s father? That would kind of make him Peter’s step-father, right?
“You can’t get drunk,” Peter explains to her. Natasha hums in understanding, getting herself to Bucky’s side but not exactly touching him. They’re not as clingy as Steve and Tony are, just at the most touching each other on the arm. They never kiss in public, never speak to each other as a couple around the others. Sometimes, Peter wonders if they’re actually a couple at all.
New York is strangely quiet this Sunday evening. Peter doesn’t know where he’s walking to, really, until he finds himself right in front of the entrance to Stark Industries. Seeing as it’s a Sunday, there aren’t many people walking in and out of the building. Still, Peter finds himself evading a few hurried workers who can’t seem to get home fast enough.
“Yeah, uh, can you stand? We need to get you to-“ Peter starts, but as Ned starts to stand up, he grabs Peter’s arm.
JARVIS then informs him. Tony looks down at Dum-E, who is still poking him. Then, taking the bottle from him, he gives him a light pat on the head.
“And I love you, too, sweetheart,” Tony tells him. He throws an arm around Steve’s shoulder and gives him a kiss on the back of his head. Steve actually kind of starts purring after that. “And I’m going to love showing you all of this tomorrow when you’re sobering up.”
All he gets is an amused glance from Tony, who crosses his arms and shakes his head despite the smirk on his face. Probably his way of saying ‘told you so’.
“Peter… You told me a few times that you thought it was strange how the Infinity War passed, didn’t you?” Peter nods, his eyes wide at the realization that Tony’s finally going to tell him. “Well, you were right. A few of us actually lived through the war once before. It lasted for… what, maybe three days? We were just about defeated.”
“Peter?” she asks, a little hesitant. Her voice sounds even hoarser than before. Peter doesn’t answer. Instead, he pulls her into her arms, giving her a strong hug. In the corner of his eye, he can only catch a small glimpse of red before suddenly there’s a whole other pair of arms wrapped around them.
“He’s what?” she then asks, and Peter sighs. All this time doing his best to keep his Spider-Man-secret, and now this just comes blurting out like it’s nothing.
“-last time Wanda heard her was like four days before Steve and I found her, so she’s been like this for eight days already and she still isn’t looking any better!” Wade said, he sounded a bit pissed off.
of July, but Yaël was very grateful for every day that yellow ball of light came out. She could feel its warmth through the window and loved every bit of it.
, or he’ll be going crazy. He’s never been one to just sit in his room for too long, other than to sleep. He’s way to restless a person for that.
The sound is getting duller the closer they get to the site. There’s still some smoke, a few sparks from electricity cables that got destroyed along the way. The room where they’d just been sitting is now looking nothing like it did before. Peter mourns a bit for the Nintendo-system. Sam and Clint have now lost all their gaming-progress. That sucks…
FRIDAY answers at the same time that Peter feels a cold chill going through him. Immediately, he jumps to the side, only barely missing an arrow that lands on the desk. When he walks forward to pick it up, it sticks on the table.
“Well, any friend of yours can be a friend of ours. She should hang with us, maybe? I could use another girl in this group filled with testosterone,” Yaël laughed. Yes, a girl to do a bit girlie stuff with. Not like painting nails, but like watching series. It was all fun and games with Wade, but it would be different with another girl.
Tony frowns. “Why would you assume I wouldn’t want to be a part of it?” he asks. Pepper sighs, rolling her eyes as she sits up straight.
“I’ll get those journals. After that I’ll help you figure this out,” he assures him. Then he walks up to Steve, wrapping his arms around Steve’s waist and holding him in a tight embrace. Steve returns the hug, the taller man letting out a shaky breath as he presses his face in Tony’s hair.
“Never mind, what I’m trying to say is; we need to take a few steps back. Maybe just go on a few dates and get to know each other a bit more,” Tony clarifies.
After that, their clothes are quickly removed. In just a matter of seconds, the two of them are lying down on the bed. Steve, on his back, keeps his hands on Tony’s face, while Tony, who’s leaning over Steve, travels his fingers over his sides.
Peter opens his eyes, finding that the light of day is already shining inside of his room. He forgot to pull the curtains, he realizes. With a grunt, he gets himself up into a seated position to look outside.
Peter frowns, but doesn’t comment on it. He follows Steve to the counter, sitting on one of the bar stools while watching the super soldier work on his food. Is it him, or does Steve appear a bit… distracted?
“Uh, guys?” Peter starts, reaching out for his new friend but failing to get her attention. Then, as if the universe is trying to screw with him, a loud explosion disturbs the peace going around here. The figure flying in the air passes right over them, as if he’s trying to taunt Peter.
“You’re still here? It’s past eight now, you can go home,” Francis says. It’s not the first time he comes with this news; this past week, Peter has been reminded three times already that his working hours are over. “I know Mr. Stark is generous, but while he pays for over-hours for the employees, he’s rather limited with how much interns can earn.”
That’s, of course, when he realizes that he’s not feeling bad. At all. He’s feeling great, in fact. Looking at his face in the mirror, he’s got a healthy color in his cheeks, no bags under his eyes. Despite feeling like he could use more sleep in the night – though, honest to Thor and all the other Gods, Peter went to sleep at nine in the evening yesterday so he’s had about twelve hours – his body is not giving him that wave of impending doom. When he wakes up, he jumps out of bed, embracing the new day. While normally he would snooze away on his alarm clock, now he’s up like it’s not that big of a deal. He even went for a jog that morning, for crying out loud!
“’Broke up’? What do you mean? Did they finally get together?” she asks. Peter gasps and then bites his lip.
As for the setting of the story: it's after the Infinity War. There will be many references to the timestamp about the battle (A parent's loss). Peter's ready to become an Avenger. He's moved out, renting an apartment with his friend Johnny. Harry is doing a trip around Europe, Ned is at MIT while MJ is going the artistic way.
“Yaël, do you even know what these two words mean?  Do you even know what these two curriculums would look like?” His smile turned into a wide grin. Guess he was right, who was she to counsel Peter with his choices?
. Tony doesn’t know what he’s thinking and what he’s saying anymore. It doesn’t matter. The adrenaline is still too high.
A strange, invisible force starts pushing him backwards. Or, no, not pushing. Pulling. It comes from behind him. Peter looks over his shoulder, seeing nothing but a blinding light.
At that, Steve turns to look at him. Peter then, too, looks down at his own hands, realizing that he’s indeed trembling. Oh, crap… Quickly, he pulls his hands back and hides them in the pockets of his hoody. Steve then sighs, again.
Peter’s in the bathroom, taking a bath to calm himself down. Tony told him to take his time, and he doesn’t think Peter’s gonna get out so quickly after what just happened. It gives them plenty of time to talk about things.
“That’s because he’s already made up his mind,” he says, voice low and dry. Something pulls inside of Tony’s chest, but he decides to ignore it for now.
“Please, tell me! I’m probably one of his biggest fans,” Ned says. Peter decides to just indulge him.
“I know, Dad. But you need to start somewhere.” Peter then turns to Steve. “You, too. Just… talk. That’s always been your issue. You two never really talk. Every time you’ve argued in the past, you just fix it with actions but never words.”
“Is this about… is this about what happened Saturday?” Peter asks, stopping at the red light and waiting for it to turn green again.
“Shut up and push the button,” Peter returns while rolling his eyes. Johnny is still grinning. He shakes his shoulders loose and then dramatically pushes in the button of the main floor. After that, the elevator starts moving at last.
A shake of his head. Then he smiles. He points towards his head, ticking it a few times. The nurse shakes her head.
Iron Man’s calm voice calls out. Peter feels another cold chill pass him by. Excessively, he starts shaking his head, gripping the Goblin a bit tighter by the arm. He knows what’s going to happen next, and of course he knows he’s not going to fall down to his death, that small moment of freefall is scary enough for him.
The closer they get to the lab, the more noise Peter can hear. Gwen must have been right about the Avengers being in the common room. Peter itches to go have a look, find out who’s there and who isn’t. But he’s not sure he can explain the story before every member starts shooting at him for wearing this ‘venom’-suit. No, that’s a thing to avoid.
Once Mary’s secured the samples into the fridge, Tony’s about to announce his leaving. That’s when Mary surprises him.
“It does seem like the serum has… merged a little bit with your DNA. With your blood passing through the liver to be cleaned, it’s basically spreading the small amount of serum you’ve got over all of your body.”
He’s not too surprised to see Eddie’s face right before receiving a strong blow on the head. As Peter’s thrown to the other building, he can feel his neck twist the wrong way. An instant feeling of nausea passes over him, and he has to pull off his mask to empty his stomach. Coughing, he finds himself angry at himself. The answer had been right in front of him, but he had been basing himself too much on movie tropes that he didn’t think about the obvious possibility.
“Oh, come on!” she let out, throwing her arms in the air. She was surprised to see the man immediately storming towards her and before she could regain herself, the man already jumped onto her, punching her right in the face, already pointing his sword towards her neck. This was so not going well! She put her hand on his shoulder, just to check his body warmth, and then grinned widely.
get bored from it. Gaming is much more fun when you’re doing it with two. With a sigh, he gets up again, not bothering to turn the computer off. He just gets back into the hallway, hoping that Nat and Tony are finished talking about whatever it was she wanted to scold him for.
“Who do we have here, guys? Is that- wait? Is that you, Peter Parker?” Flash asks, giving one more push before letting go at last. Then he pulls on Peter’s shoulder until he falls off his seat. With his eyes still closed, he doesn’t know how many people are watching this happening. But seeing as it’s lunch, he’s sure it’s a lot of them.
He remembers again how much he’s missed Thor in the years that he had disappeared. It’s good to have him around more often again.
“Until next time, Spider-Man,” the girl greets him with a wink, saluting him. “Oh, and the name’s Black Cat, in case you were wondering.”
Peter stays quiet, watching how Tony says something to Steve, who starts laughing genuinely. The two make their way to a pizzeria Peter knows has been here a long time. Peter figures that must be back from Steve’s time when he sees the Captain’s reaction upon seeing the building in front of him.
“Well, expect me to call for your help more often,” she said while leaning down and grabbing a beer from the lower shelf in the refrigerator. “Since sex doesn’t seem to be doing the trick anymore… Can’t use the same thing too often with that man.”
“He’s actually kind of right,” Peter gets out before realizing what he’s just said. Immediately, his hand flies up to his mouth, and his eyes go wide open. He feels like he can’t breathe when Ned’s surprised expression meets his. Crap, crap, crap!
“Colonel Rhodes and I, we were wondering why there were policemen ringing on the door?” Holy shit, really?! Were they so desperate to find drama that they went to the Avengers?
“Yeah, son,” he says, unintentionally pulling some strings inside Peter’s chest. Only the Captain would call him
“Make a temperature scan of the place, will you?” he asks FRIDAY, who does as he asks. On his screen he can see whatever FRIDAY’s picking up, which isn’t much. He curses, figuring that there’s nobody home.
Peter starts to walk towards the subway, but that’s when he notices it; the motorcycle. He’s ridden on it before, recognizing the reinforced tires on the wheels. Peter walks towards it, searching for its driver but not seeing him at all.
Tony blinks in surprise. “You know, after my time in my universe… I don’t think I want more of them,” Tony admits as well. He chuckles then, shaking his head while closing his eyes. “Look at us, every time one of us takes a step forward, the other one goes back…”
Surge, or Noriko, ran away from her parents when she was very young, as her father didn’t believe in mutants. So after that, she lived on the streets until she somehow found her way to the school. At least, that was what Scott told Yaël about her. He ran over most of Yaël’s students, just so she knew they background if one of them should ever reacted a bit differently to something.
After a couple of minutes they announce that they’re going to continue. Steve jumps back up on the stage and hurries towards the deck along with Tony. Chrissy goes to stand back behind her bar, while LL stands at the front, welcoming everybody back from the break.
Peter nods, feeling quite small all of the sudden. He’s glad she can’t see his face underneath the mask, otherwise she would see the guilty expression he’s giving her.
But… if they’re in a training exercise, and he’s the prey, that means that he’s got to be careful with his reflexes if he doesn’t want to raise any attention.
“Oh, Peter,” Steve calls out sadly. He pulls his head away a bit, making Peter look up at him. Then Steve puts both his hands against Peter’s cheeks. “I know exactly what you’re going through, and I promise you that we’re doing
Peter nods, thinking back of how he put it in his bag yesterday. He didn’t take it out after that, too distracted to even do that. Then he picks up his bag from the ground, opens it up, and carefully takes out the box where he keeps the reactor. Mr. Stark looks at him silently as he works.
The move that gave him the greatest gift of them all. Sadly, though, at the expense of the woman he loved.
She remembered Fury and X discussing the fact that X trained her for a while. That probably happened at his school, right? So she nodded.
Peter squeezes his eyes shut, his hands letting go of May and Tony and instead reaching for his eyes as if something’s hurting him. After a few seconds, he relaxes again.
“Downstairs, went to train a little bit. He likes to train alone,” he explains. Then he finally looks up, but not at Peter. Instead, his eyes are pointed at the ceiling. “Is he still training, FRIDAY?”
“Dr. Strange requests assistance in Midtown. Apparently, an old friend of him has returned seeking for revenge. Strange’s hurt,” Tony mutters out. He turns towards the others. “Suit up and get there as quickly as you can. Wanda and Hope, you two stay here with Bruce and Shuri and try to figure out what to do with that suit. We’ll help out Strange.”
Despite the fact that they barely knew each other at all, Natasha and Clint both accepted Steve into their little group. He joined them on SHIELD missions. Sometimes the three of them, sometimes just him and Clint, and other times him and Natasha. A couple of time he was the one getting benched, but that was mostly in case the mission was a covert one that needed infiltration that spanned in a longer period of time. In hat case, Steve was the back-up.
So writing's been slow these past few days because I got the game 'Detroit: Become Human' since Monday and have finished it 3 times already since then. I'm insanely inspired by the story, it's crazy!
much gold on Earth for a group of people that has no money at all – but it looks impressive, nonetheless.
“Can you at least tell me what he did?” Tony asks after entering another hallway that seems to lead to nowhere. Strange isn’t wearing his red cloak. In fact, he looks like he’s just dressed in lazy-clothing, as if he was planning his day to be less interesting, as well.
“I’m not going to get angry, I just…” Tony rubs his forehead, turning back towards Steve with one hand on his hip. “Have you ever felt pressured into taking care of Peter?”
“I told him not to do it, but he seems insistent on giving you a lap dance tonight,” she explains after giving him a hug as a greeting.
“I don’t know,” Peter admits. “My Dad’s pissing me off, Johnny was pissing me off. Steve is pissing me off. The goddamn Avengers have been gone for almost two weeks with close to nothing to report about this fucking secret mission, and meanwhile I’m just sitting here, going to stupid classes that I’m too smart for anyway!”
Light surrounds them without warning. Pieces of dust and small bits of rock fall on them, but Steve is quick enough to pull up his shield and hold it above their heads. Tony makes himself small against him, finally taking in the fresh air of the open. The smell of dust gets old after a while.
“Homeless shelter,” she responds shortly. It’s all he needs to know what she means. He smiles back at her, getting to his coat and putting his shoes back on. After saying a quick goodbye to Johnny, they head out of the apartment. He doesn’t even realize his hand is still linked with hers while they walk into the streets.
They’ve been opened for a few hours now. It’s basically a big party inside; many volunteers, the homeless all getting delicious food and sitting together telling each other jokes and stories. Peter is actually rather impressed of the Avengers having cancelled their evening plans and helping out. With Wanda, Bruce, Tony and Steve in the kitchen, Sam, Johnny, Harry, Natasha, Rhodey, Bucky, Scott and Vision serving out the food, and Hope and May staying at the entrance to collect donations, it’s rather obvious that there’s a good mood going around. In the background, Clint is bringing them good tunes on the piano, accepting suggestions from people and playing them easily.
Seeing Johnny there, trying to look like he’s got everything under control. It breaks Sue’s heart a little. Because Johnny doesn’t have his life in his hands. He stays at Sue’s and Reeds, he doesn’t go to college. He doesn’t even have a job. There’s so many possibilities for him, and he just throws everything away because he wants to be a ‘hero’.
His hands go up to cover his eyes. He ignores the fingers gently going over his skin. They feel good, sure. But right now, Tony just feels nauseated.
that something isn’t right. Of course, it’s also not surprising that Tony would deny that when they’re asking for it.
Being recognized while being on watch on a roof, Peter can’t help but smirk. When the person asks him to do a backflip, he doesn’t question it but shows off his trick. All he gets is an enthusiastic shout in return.
“Sorry, man, Tony and I never really hung out so I don’t know him,” he returns. Clint, too, shakes his head.
“I don’t know, maybe the flower you drew wasn’t beautiful enough!” Wolverine suddenly managed to smack open the door, which made Wade fly back and crash against the fridge.
Peter pulls out some money once the car stops in front of his house, and he lets out a short greeting before fake-hauling the gigantic box out of the car. He managed to act so well that even the driver got out to help him carry it to his door.
I'm currently writing the last chapter, so I thought I could up the uploads! Here you go, another chapter just for you. We're slowly saying goodbye to Civil war; this is the last piece on it. Afterwards, it's a race to Homecoming, obviously with our own twist.
“Yeah, I recently discovered that in…a …dream?” Was the darkness around her melting? It looked like if Yaël would stretch out her arm to the blackness, she’d be touching a black waterfall in slow-motion. X looked around curiously.
Steve wants to talk. Tony wants to leave. Neither get what they want when suddenly a cellphone goes off. It’s not Tony’s, so it must be Steve’s.
“They made up?” they ask simultaneously. Peter blinks for a few times, but then smirks and stands up to get some more bread.
Arriving at the place of the battle, Peter is faced with an even bigger mystery: there’s no sign of the battle there. No broken cars, no pieces of glass. Nothing that indicates that Mordo blew up the Quinjet. It’s as if they’ve cleaned everything up in that short timespan and haven’t made a crime-scene of it at all, which Peter doubts.
Walking back home feels good, it gets his mind right for a bit. The mentioning of the Black Cat always brings him into this confused state, and he never really knows what to do with it. The best thing is to just forget about it and get distraction. He figures a party is the best distraction, no?
“Be quiet!” Strange warns him again, making a wavy movement with his hand and shutting Peter’s mouth for him. Even if he wants to talk, he can’t open his mouth anymore.
,” FRIDAY states. Tony makes a movement with his hand to remove everything from the screen, and then pulls up the designs from the suit he’d been wearing during the fight with the giant-robot guy. Right in that instant, the door opens up, revealing a clearly-annoyed Steve Rogers.
“Sure, or… if you want… we could go somewhere next week and it’ll just be, you know, the two of us?” Steve winks at him, crawling up his hand to Tony’s lower arm.
“Oh, sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you, miss!” he said while walking towards Yaël, motioning he wanted to help her. Yaël simply lifted a finger as a sign that he had to wait for a second before she was going to talk, still rubbing her toe. It gave her a second to indulge what she just had seen. The guy talking to her had long dark-brown, almost black hair knotted into a bun. His brown eyes followed every movement she made. He was tall and fit, not extremely muscular, but clearly sporty.
“I didn’t mean to intrude but you know me, I’m a rather curious person,” Tony says while leaning against his partner. He’s only
“That must be short for Mary-Jane, it’s beautiful,” he deduces. Peter holds back a snort. Ned corrects him.
?” she suddenly asks, having picked up anyway. Tony turns his head, seeing her face on the holo next to his desk. “
Peter closes the door when the three robbers wearing a Cap, Thor and Hulk-mask are loading in the money. The man with the Iron Man-mask (a version that looks even worse than the one Peter had when he was a kid) stands guard with his gun up. Is that a shotgun? Peter wouldn’t know, he isn’t too familiar with weapons of that kind.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” she returns playfully, suddenly taking a turn to the left. Whatever she’s using to swing across the buildings, it’s amazing. As she throws it, it seems to attach itself onto the wall, and it lets go on itself. Peter really wants to look into that technology if he could.
“I know I’m asking a lot, but I need you to help me exchange the vials of blood, if they haven’t already been used. Otherwise we have the rest of the night to find a way to add our DNA to those spiders.”
“Did you get any security footage?” Peter asks from behind him. Tony grunts, projecting the images on the screen in front of them. He doesn’t look up, seeing them all in his mind anyway. A couple of confused grunts come from the people around him as they watch a black and white blur move swiftly.
“Hi, dear, when did you get here?” Tony asks, nearing Steve to kiss him on the cheek. After that, he takes place on the seat next to Peter.
Steve nods, suddenly pulling up his hand and holding it out as a fist towards Thor. The God looks down at it, smirking once again when he recognizes it. Then, without speaking, he taps his own fist against Steve’s before the two bump their sides against one another.
“Yes, thanks to you I knew I had to refuse that stuff when Dr. Cho wanted to use it on me!” Yaël nodded proudly. Clint looked a bit surprised at her, like he was trying to find out if she was joking or not. Then, he burst out in laughing.
“Are you okay?” he asks. The dark-skinned girl looks up at him and frowns, though Peter can still see she appears nervous despite her attempt to look annoyed.
leaning towards the scientific side of life. Interesting; it only means he’s got that from his parents. They’d both been very active in that field as well.
“Do you know why we moved into the forest? I mean like, there’s nobody else living here.” The man stood up and walked around.
Peter looks down and lets out a long sigh. His hands nervously tap against his legs and he ends up whistling an annoying tune to calm himself down a bit.
Because that’s pretty much all he can do; take care of robberies and muggings on the street. So far, the Avengers have made it perfectly clear that they don’t want him near the
The drive to the tower is filled with Rhodey and Happy discussing something about a mission. Peter can only barely follow, but he figures it’s something to do with the Avengers. Shouldn’t Tony have gone with them, though, if they’re really out? And why didn’t Rhodey join?
“He has to be at least six months sober before he can receive a liver. Otherwise there’s too much chance of him falling back to it,” Dr. Palmer had said after the hepathologist had come by. Tony had shouted angrily at that before his mood changed completely and he started crying about how it’s his own fault. Peter had just held him back then, but hadn’t said anything otherwise.
“Not yet. I’m trying to get to know him a bit better first. I want to know if he’s the kind of person I want as my
“Hey, no need to get personal there,” Tony banters in return. Darcy keeps her head on Steve’s shoulder before groaning again and getting herself back on her feet.
The campus is huge, making Peter feel like he’s going to be lost if he wanders here alone. The people around him all seem… huge. Not as in
“We won’t make any noise,” Steve promises him before reaching up and kissing the breath out of Tony. For about ten seconds, the two make out on the couch, Tony’s hands lowering down to Steve’s hips and already teasing the pants down a bit.
This guy kept raising questions, but right now she was still too shocked to think about it. The last inches of dirt, he removed with his hand after jumping into the grave. Yaël couldn’t see him from where she was standing, but only a few seconds later, she saw him climb out again with the unconscious Yaël on his back. He quickly glanced back at the castle.
Peter nods, giving her a smile now that she can actually see it. After that, he gets up as well, pulling his mask back down.
Peter just shakes his head, wondering if he should just get back inside to cancel the appointment, and then he sees the number on the paper. It’s from that Lincoln-guy, and Peter hadn’t really payed much attention to it, but now that he actually sees it… How has he not noticed the receptionist has been flirting with him? Does it really take a phone number on a paper with a wink added to it for Peter to really realize it? No wonder he’ll end up alone!
When Yaël woke up again, she immediately started puking before she even had the time to look around. Even though there were people around her and she heard them talking, it felt like she wasn’t able to heard what exactly they were saying.
Who were these two people? Who the heck was Stark? As she thought about that, everything went blurry. She rubbed her eyes and when she opened them again, she was suddenly sitting in her sofa again, with professor X right in front of her. This was so confusing.
“Don’t worry, I’m almost there!” Mr. Stark assures him, but Peter isn’t sure what to believe anymore. The sound of the wind is strong in his ears, and they start to hurt a little bit. Further away, War Machine and the Goblin are, once again, throwing punches at each other.
Yaël picked up her suitcase and left her bedroom, her safe-space, which Steve had arranged specially for her. It stung, and for a moment, Yaël wished she could still feel the pain of her shoulder, just so it would distract her from this emotional moment. She put her backpack on her back and pulled her suitcase behind her. As she took the stairs, she shortly lifted it from the ground. For a moment, she looked at the blurred glass door in front of her. Then she put her stuff in a corner for a moment and pulled the card from a side pocket of her backpack. She let it scan in the card-reader and waited until the light turned green. This time, she wasn’t wearing a disguise or anything, so she’d only have a few minutes until FRIDAY would discover what she was doing.
The bot whirs after getting an instruction. He rolls away towards the little kitchen-space to get to work. Tony doesn’t look at it. He passes his hands over his face, taking another deep breath. Has it really already been fifteen days since his fight with Peter?
“Tell Steve he has ten minutes before we leave,” Natasha warns him. Tony holds up his thumb. Then he jumps up the moment the two aren’t looking again, and he gets to the same door Steve went through.
After that, there have only been small sightings of the Black Cat over New York. As she works her way up to collecting the money to free her Dad, Peter doesn’t stop her. Neither do Johnny or Harry. They have no business in that. Besides, they have the pleasure of putting the idiots she sells her stuff to behind bars only days after they paid her. If anything, they’re actually doing her a service!
With their hands linked during the entire drive home, it takes about ten more minutes for Steve to drive the car up to the garage. Sensing their arrival, the door to the garage opens up, allowing them inside. The lights turn on automatically.
“But I’m serious, Mrs. Cooper! I’m an intern at Stark Industries, and I showed the homework to one of the people there to check if I got everything right, but then Dum-E moved it!” Peter still tries, but the longer he speaks, the more he realizes he’s sounding like he’s making it up on the spot.
“So I’m not getting this thing off, then?” Peter asks in defeat. All he gets in return is a worried look from his father.
“Yeah, just let me get changed.” Peter walks up to the front door, using his key to get inside. Johnny follows him back in, still looking at Peter with a confused look. Once in his room, he checks if his hair is not too much of a mess – it is, but it’s useless to try and change that. Then he grabs any sort of nice looking clothing that don’t look too much like Tony Stark bought it for him. He tries to look cool, but not rich.
“What did he mean with us having some ‘catching up to do’?” Peter asked curiously as they walked back to the gate.
“Sure, but after last night it brings up some questions into my mind that I’m not sure I want to know the answer to,” Tony admits. He looks up to the ceiling, leaving a hand on his chest while the other one goes behind his head. He hears Steve sigh again, but where he thought he would have reached out for him, now Steve just copies Tony’s position. Once they’re side-by-side, on their backs while looking at the white ceiling, Steve finally holds out a hand, keeping it up in the air in Tony’s eyesight.
“No, we couldn’t get in touch with anybody. But we’re not worried, the news has a live-feed of what’s happening back there.” He points towards the television where the news is indeed playing. Tony lets out a cheer when Steve appears on the screen, decapitating a Doombot with his shield, hair wild and bits of metal stuck in his beard. Tony really likes the beard, but Steve
And something stung inside of Steve. He couldn’t really explain it, it was just there. Just… Suddenly looking back at Tony, and that feeling got even stronger.
“Have a nice flight, Steve,” he answers before turning around again. He blames the ache in his stomach as a result of this conversation. And if he runs to the toilet to puke the moment he passes the corner, nobody needs to know.
should be as well! There are children in here, and you could have killed them!” Mr. Stark shouts at him. Wolverine just scoffs, turning to look towards Mr. Morita and Peter standing a little back in the Principal’s office.
Alright, better not hesitate too much. Tony holds up his badge towards the identification scanner, and then the door opens up to him.
But the more time he spends in here, the more he wants to get out again. Just a bit of fresh air can’t be too bad, no? Still, Liz is eyeing him from everywhere she’s standing, too shy to actually talk to him. She’s often surrounded by her friends, and Peter stays close to Ned.
“Spidey, breathe, or else I’ll have to take that mask off,” Dr. Cho says all of the sudden, and Peter realizes his mind has drifted away. His chest is hurting, and that’s when he finds out that he’s actually stopped breathing. That’s probably why Dr. Cho is suddenly giving him instructions, right?
Limping and bleeding, the three of them make their way back to the car where they drive away without saying another word. That evening, when they’re watching the news feed about it, they learn that Otto has been found alive, but in a coma. As for the metal arms, Tony hopes that they’ll just get rid of it, afraid of what they could do in the wrong hands.
Because Steve is here, and Tony’s chest is aching as he’s wondering if he should punch him, or hug him. Instead, he stares.
“Yeah, that was him. Mrs. Potts almost resigned after that, did you know?” Francis laughs as he drops the cup of coffee on Peter’s workbench and puts his hands in his pockets. “I think their relationship is mainly the reason why she decided to stay, after all.”
“Yeah, I’m almost starting to feel insulted, you know,” Steve quickly tells him as a joke. Tony groans, pressing his face against the pillow to hide himself away. Steve laughs, throwing an arm over Tony’s shoulder. “Don’t worry, Tones. I was just joking.”
She heard herself scream, not the hoarse scream she’d shriek out now, but a horrifying, clean scream out of pure angst. Somewhere Yaël accidentally let go of professor X and before the man could grab her hand back, she was already lying in the grave, being her own memory.
“First of all; no more discussion of all this having-children crap, alright? We know where we stand on this, let’s just not bring it up anymore.”
“Please, couple of the century is more like it,” he jokes, throwing away Clint’s greeting with a wave. “We’ve come to pick up… well, uh, everybody. The kids have requested the place to their own tonight, remember?”
“Forget her, Peter,” the Cat says. Peter hesitates for a short second, but then he pulls himself free. As if he’s just going to forget about MJ. Again, that is. He doesn’t know what has been happening inside his head for the past few days. Has no idea why he feels like he’s been spending more time with the Cat than he can remember. He has no idea of many things, and he knows he’s going to need to talk about this with somebody after this all is over.
Surge made eye contact with Yaël, like she wanted to ask if it was okay for her to hang around in the most quiet and desolated classroom of the whole building. Yaël just nodded, which got followed by Surge sitting down with a thud behind one of the classroom desks. She pulled a sketchbook out of her backpack and started sketching.
“You are so getting a higher allowance,” Tony breathes out, pulling him into his arms for a few short seconds before pulling away again. “Get to safety.”
“Why are you even interested? I thought you didn’t like me that much?” Peter asks then, trying to get something out of Happy now that he’s actually gotten a few words out of him.
They met the host the day after they heard they were participating. There they were introduced with their separate teams. Everybody had somebody joining them. Rhodey went with Tony for obvious reasons. Bucky joined Steve, and Peter, the poor soul, dragged three people along instead; Harry, Johnny, and Ned, the latter fanboying over everything since he seems to love the show so much.
“Sure, I mean, we have our arguments but what couple hasn’t, right?” Steve winks towards James and Natasha. Natasha gives him a vague smile, and James simply chuckles guiltily. Steve doesn’t seem to pay too much attention to it.
“May gave it to me before I got into the car,” he says. Peter rolls his eyes again and points on the bed. Then he opens his first box and starts unpacking his clothes. Looking into his closet, he finds that he still has a lot of space left in there. He should probably buy some more stuff one day.
That’s Cap, Tony is sure of it. He tries to open his eyes but the light is too much. As he wrinkles his nose, he feels that there’s another tube pushed through it. Crap, that hadn’t been comfortable the last time back in Afghanistan. Out of reflex, Tony reaches up to pull it out, only to have a strong hand stop him.
The moment Peter leaves the penthouse, the two find themselves back in their bed despite the urgent need to prepare themselves. Steve on his back, with his hands on Tony’s cheeks while pressing their foreheads together, Tony leaning on his elbows as he moves and breathes out heavily. It goes on, and on, and on. And when they thumble over the edge, Tony rolls over and drops down on his back. They’re both completely out of breath and sticky in all the wrong places.
“You men can’t do anything right,” she says with a sigh. Tony knows she’s aware of what to do, given that her cousin recently had a child. Back when they were still together, they went to visit the little brat, and since then Pepper has been babysitting once of twice. “How are you going to explain this to May?”
“Uh, I have an appointment at Stark Industries in an hour, and thought I could just… kill time here for a while,” Peter shrugs. Steve’s eyes go wide upon the mention at Mr. Stark’s company.
It’s just an ordinary day in New York City, though what that exactly means, Miles isn’t too sure about. There’s crime all around him, that he knows for sure. Though, noticing it is something else altogether. He could walk by the occasional mugging or car chase, often followed by a pursuing Spider-Man or Daredevil, the latter only depending on when he’s in Hell’s Kitchen by any coincidence.
“Possible disorientation, weakness and fatigue,” he starts without looking up. After that, his dark eyes meet Tony’s. “Possible hair loss. Bloody vomit and stools, and hypotension.”
Again, Yaël saw the man, this time it looked like he was sitting in a rocking chair, reading a book. But, yet again, it was too far away to see what he looked like or what he was doing exactly. The only thing that she gained in sight this time was his very dark hair.
Of course, that’s easier said than done. As a temporary solution, they’ve just come to the idea that Tony would pass along a copy, and that they would make their notes in there.
“Oh, this old thing? I got it at the school fair after graduation,” she returns with a wink. Then she holds up her camera. “There’s nothing better than to take before and after pictures of the room, don’t you think?”
“That creep is here again,” he mutters while he takes the money from the customers. He greets them quickly and then puts the money in his pockets to bring it to the front.
Oh, yeah, he can joke now. Because his parents are human, still – Peter is, too; he’s just a bit different from them.
Much to his surprise, two hands suddenly touch on his face. The arm around Peter’s neck is gone, and Johnny moves his head away so Peter has to look up again. Seeing Johnny in front of him all of the sudden, his eyes widen in surprise.
“You went out on patrol drunk, didn’t you?” Rhodey asks. Peter looks up at him while shaking his head.
His phone goes off. It’s a text. He reaches for it, squints when the light of the phone nearly blinds him and reads whatever whoever sent him.
“The year is almost over,” Tony grunts back. “After that we’ll nominate Winterwidow over there.” Tony points at Natasha and Bucky, who are giving him a very unimpressed look.
“Tony,” it says, sounding just like the thing in his head. Tony hovers forward a bit, reaching out his hand again to have a touch. Once it makes contact with the dark figure, it lightens up for a bit before shifting into an actual person. Somebody Tony recognizes.
But he knows that they’ll fight again. He knows that he’ll be weak, and he’ll cry, and he’ll then forgive him and they’ll pretend that nothing happened. But that’s not true; too much happened, and Tony can’t ignore that.
Peter is aware that he’s been pulling his punches each time when it comes to facing him – except that one time in the bell tower; back then it had been real. But too often does Peter let his guard down around Harry. Probably because a part of him still hopes that the old Harry will return to him, that he will recognize him and get back to his old self long enough for them to figure out how to help him.
“Shut up,” he responds with red cheeks. Tony can’t help but laugh even more. He knows that Peter and Wanda will never be a thing, but he can’t help but want to tease a little bit about it. Peter’s probably not even ready to think about new romance, right now. It hasn’t even been a year.
Now, normally, Steve would be way more caring for her. But the man had walked into the training-hall of the school, looking exhausted and grumpy. Actually, that was no problem for Yaël as she had been angry already, too. The both of them, instead of having a friendly training, started knocking each other over again and again. Well, mostly it was Steve knocking over Yaël, but whatever. Her fighting skills without using her powers had never been very good.
Though, given the tingly feeling he’s getting in his body, he realizes he wouldn’t mind too much if she would be genuinely interested. A heavy breath escapes his mouth as he thinks of her almost-white hair and the way it falls over her shoulders. Or those full lips, accentuated with that bright red lip-gloss that had been rubbed out on his only a bit ago.
“Well then, Mr. Stark, what else do you suggest?” Tony leans back, sighing softly. To be fair, he can understand their point of view. He got the whole R&D-team to help him develop that soundless MRI, which has been quite the invention of the decennia according to a lot of doctors –
“If you wouldn’t be such an ass about it, this would be going a lot easier,” Steve counters, sounding a bit annoyed. Tony snorts, but doesn’t stop walking.
So he starts walking back, first to Liz’ house to pick up his stuff on the roof. Then back home, to take a closer look at the purple glowing thing.
With a shock, Yaël woke up in the gymnasium again, breathing sharply. “Holy fuck!” she growled as she took a minute to calm down. Okay, she got the message, she needed to eat something as soon as possible. But why did the Stone show her Peter? He wasn’t dead, Raido and Cem were. Did the thing show her some kind of future? It surely looked like Stark, Peter and Steve had been fighting in some kind of war. Just to be sure, Yaël quickly took her phone and checked on the internet if there was a war going on somewhere near.
“Oh come on, again?” Mr. Morita complains. He gets up from his seat and hurries to open up the door, where he’s greeted by a thick cloud of dust flying into his face. On the other side of the hallway, two figures start running towards them. Peter tries to get a good look of it, but he’s suddenly pushed aside by Mr. Stark, who looks extremely alert and ready to get in action despite not wearing the suit.
“Yeah, just my head going a bit in overdrive again. I’m trying to see what the progress is downstairs.”
“Relax, Dad, nobody’s listening.” Peter gestures towards the entire room that has started talking to each other. The teenagers head towards the door to help out with the tables and chairs, and Peter decides he should join them. “I’ll be back soon.”
“You alright, kiddo?” the familiar voice of Mr. Stark asks. It sounds clear enough that Peter doesn’t need to see to know that he’s taken of his mask. “Cap he ain’t dead, you go fight off that idiot.”
Mantis hesitates for only a few seconds more before she moves into action. Helping Felicia out of the suit and into Peter’s clothes, she guides her through the apartment and helps her down. Peter watches out the window as they get into a taxi and drive off. It must be a weird evening for the driver, since there’s an actual member of the Guardians of the Galaxy in their car.
Yaël used all the energy she had leftto shoot fire to her sister. Luckily she didn’t have to move for that. Nilla dodged it, looking surprised. Of course, attacking a fire-steering woman with fire wasn’t the best tactic ever. So Yaël went over to water, but as there was no water nearby, she retracted water from her own body, which make her throat immediately feel dry. A string smacked Nilla against the wall and started freezing her. Of course, Nilla melted that down immediately.
Peter then turns to Gwen, pointing at his suit. “You called me Venom before. You were talking about the suit, weren’t you?”
It aches not to be by his side, but Tony knows he can get more work done here. If he stays next to Peter all the time, he’ll only be able to think about him, not giving the research any attention. Besides, Steve and May are still with him. He’s far from alone.
“Maybe a bit too soon to decide, no?” he says after a moment of thought. Steve hesitates before nodding, and then he lies back down on his side. Tony copies him.
There’s a quiet moment of awkwardness going on there. Mr. Stark isn’t saying anything, Steve keeps his mouth shut, and Peter is just too surprised to speak. It goes on for about a few minutes before Mr. Stark finally speaks up again.
It’s obvious that Venom starts to get tired of them. Despite the fact that Peter’s found an advantage in using his speed and being in constant movement, it also looks like he’s becoming predictable. They even each other out like this; Venom tired, but able to know what Peter’s next move will be.
“What were you crying for before I came in?” she asks. Peter bites his lip, not really wanting to think back of what happened earlier today.
Oh, God, the things he said to Tony. That’s everything but alright. And he didn’t even mean it like that; he’d just been
“Listen, dude, I need to go. I hope your ride gets here soon,” the girl continues. Peter shakes his head to clear his mind for a bit, nodding and handing the phone back.
Tony nods, and so does Steve. They watch as Peter starts moving, slowly, to his bedroom. His shoulders are hunched forward, his feet dragging on the ground. He looks completely exhausted. Tony frowns especially hard when he hears Peter gasping for breath.
When Steve returns, he holds up a small white piece of paper that indicates they’re allowed to stay here inside a specific amount of time. Steve puts it on the dashboard before closing the car. After making sure it’s locked, Tony allows for Steve to take his hand again. They start walking towards the large building that counts as Otto’s workshop and house at the same time, though if Tony has to believe Peter’s description, it’s probably more workshop than house.
“Well, thank you, Thor! I’m pretty sure Tony is going to need help. He’s worn so many things before, but I’m afraid Asgardian robes aren’t part of that.”
Oh, right. They’re in Wakanda. Tony keeps on forgetting. His one hand, the one that’s not clutched tight by Peter, is holding on to the flip phone. It’s been ringing for a few times already, but by the time Tony has really noticed, it stopped and Tony doesn’t want to call back.
“Well, at least the kids will think I have a handsome boyfriend, honey!” Yaël winked at Steve , who shook his head and snickered, as she walked towards him.
There’s a couple locks of hair in them. Horror shows up on the boy’s face, and Tony just wants to go to him, but he should respect Peter’s wishes. He needed a few minutes alone, so that’s what he’ll get.
The next day, Reed and Ben give the news that they’re willing to sign. Johnny and Sue aren’t there, which should be indication enough. The Fantastic Four are out of duty as from that day.
It looks like another version of Spider-Man, but with different colors. The girl wears white and black, with dark pink web-patterns on her suit. Instead of just the mask, she’s also wearing a hood, making her appear even more mysterious. Peter huffs out a breath, confused by the sudden appearance.
“I don’t think many teenagers are able to say that they’ve had bomb shards in their shoulder,” she jokes while poking the fifth shard out. There are about six more, and lucky for him she sedated him enough not to feel the pain.
Tony raises another eyebrow, and Natasha waits for a few seconds, wondering what he’s going to do now. Is he going to tell it anyway? Is he going to refuse?
“You know, saying Dad can’t keep it down, followed by the suggestion that there’s leftovers? Not really the best combination,” Peter jokes, walking towards Steve and leaning on the counter. Steve blinks for a bit before laughing;
“Please stop talking,” she mumbled with a shaky voice, trying to blur out what he was about to tell her.
He awakens about an hour later, hanging upside down in the dark of the night with no memory of how he got here.
“But it was, wasn’t it?” Harry sighs the moment he’s lying down. The two of them looking at the ceiling in the sudden silence between them. “I’m sorry… about Gwen.”
“’llo?” he asks, sounding hoarse. There’s no answer. He groans, checks out the nightstand, but finds a surprising lack of water there. Finding a red light hanging above him, he reaches up to press it. He figures it might be a way to call the nurses or something like that.
“Wait!” Peter suddenly calls out. The nurses stop walking, and Peter tries to gesture for Tony to come closer. He does, getting himself next to Peter and taking his waving hands into his own.
It looks almost exactly the same as when he left it; the daylight shines through the windows, making the room bright even on a rainy day. Only during the evening did Steve ever turn on the lights. The desk is clean, neat. Steve always liked to keep it that way, being pretty much the exact opposite of Tony on that front. When Peter sits down on the black desk chair, he comes across the transparent computer screen. He knows how to turn it on, so he leans forward to do so.
“All night I dream of water that can wash the weight of the world from my shoulders” Of Mice And Men - Purified
“Sorry, man, I don’t know who that is.” Although it had been his unintended plan to shock her, she had the feeling she shocked him more for some reason. Yaël saw Peter’s eyes grow big and his mouth fall open a bit.
Tony waits after that. Quickly, he leans towards his nightstand and takes out his cellphone, finding that he has indeed a message from Peter. It says exactly what Steve said it did, so he texts back a quick ‘okay’ and instead starts up the security feed FRIDAY has started up.
Tony makes another sharp turn, but once again the sound only seems to emerge from his head. He sighs, and takes the star closer to his eyes to inspect it. It’s just a little ball of light. It’s not warm, nor does it buzz or anything else like that. It’s just… there.
“I’m staying out of this crap,” she tells them all, making her way out of the common room, giving Vision a subtle nod that he, too, needs to head out.
Between school and his work at FEAST, Miles hasn’t got much time for anything else. When his Uncle’s trip leads to him getting bitten by a special spider, his life is about to change in the craziest way. Meanwhile, Peter faces another enemy from his past. One he never hoped to see again. But before he realizes what's happening he's taken by surprise. Trapped in an alternate frequency, mind outside of his body, the entire world seems to think that he’s dead. They mourn, and they carry on – except for Tony, who is sure that something isn’t right about this all, much to the Avengers' dismay.
A few seconds in Peter’s head. That’s all it takes before he leans over Tony’s sleeping form and grabs for the phone. The battery is halfway drained, so Peter has enough to use it. He doesn’t think, he just presses the right combination of buttons, and then he puts the device to his ear.
to me, Steve?” he asks, not hiding the pain in his voice. He doesn’t care if others can see them, doesn’t care what they’d think. All that matters right now is Steve; making things right.
Peter kneels down next to him, pressing his finger against Tony’s neck to search for a pulse. When he finds one, he lets out a relieved breath. Then he starts shaking him, ignoring the stench of puke around him.
There are screens in front of him, footage of something Peter can’t really place. He doesn’t pay attention to it anyway. If Tony wants him to know about it, he’ll tell him.
“Why do you do that? Do you do it out of a stress-related habit, like those people who bite their nails?”
“Okay, tell Strange to get us,” Steve says. There’s an affirming voice on the other side of Steve’s commlink, and then a round portal appears before them. “We must be quick before anybody follows us.”
,” FRIDAY’s voice echoed over the domain as she kept repeating those words. Before Yaël even had the chance to drop her stuff and run back inside, FRIDAY’s words changed. “
he thinks. Peter snorts, still a bit confused by how much the guy and Steve looks alike. If he wouldn’t have known any better, he would have thought them to be brothers with a larger age difference between them.
After that, she’s off into another street, and Peter is left standing there with money in his hands, again. Letting out a long sigh, he decides on where he should be going next. So he jumps up, swinging his way down a few streets until he gets to the bridge.
“Uh, good morning to you, too, Thor,” Tony mutters out. Steve chuckles, sitting up a bit. The covers still make sure that not too much of him is showing. “Are you nervous at the moment?”
“Peter?” a soft voice says when Peter gets down to catch breakfast. His nose is already buried into the third journal by now, and his attention is completely fixed on that that he actually startles when Aunt May calls out his name. “Peter what on Earth are you reading? What are those journals in that box?”
“Ex- excuse me?” Tony asks, now finally turning around to look at Peter, though the expression he’s showing is clearly one of shock and surprise.
A chill goes through Tony. He shakes his head; he can’t do this to Peter. It’s unfair to give him this choice. Signing means revealing his identity to these people. It’s important that nobody else knows. Tony takes a shaky breath.
“Sure, I’ll leave you alone,” Tony mutters. He leans forward to kiss Peter on the forehead. They still have many things to talk about, but the truth is: now they at least have the time for it.
“So, she kind of blackmailed you?” Steve states. Tony looks up to think for a moment, but then shrugs.
Bucky pokes him in the side, giving him an eye-roll once Steve turns to him. Steve just shoves him aside. Then he directs his direction back at Tony.
Feeling on his back, there’s the entry-wound of the impalement. The one on his belly was the exit. The pin had ruptured his spleen, causing for him to almost bleed to death. Luckily Dr. Cho got him out of that situation with her incredible medical skills. When she offered to use the cradle to get rid of the scars, Peter even stopped her. He doesn’t mind the reminder of the thing that brought him to where he is now.
“Are you crazy?! Just inviting your girlfriend without asking me if it’s alright?” Peter hisses the moment he’s taken Harry alone. They’re in Peter’s bedroom, away from the others. Peter’s not thinking about Tony being there unsupervised with Ned and MJ. If he does something stupid, Peter’s not taking responsibility for it.
,” Mr. Stark suddenly says, standing behind him. Peter doesn’t turn around, instead watching how everybody is moving around him. They don’t notice that he’s frozen in place, unmoving and shivering at the spot.
Peter barely notices the piece of bread being pushed in his hand, but he does find himself coming at some sort of weird peace with each piece of bread he throws.
“Seriously, can’t you two just stop drinking your problems away? I’m getting into an early grave because of the two of you!” Pepper rubs her forehead while she looks down at her cellphone.
It was only around the end of May that they got the right lead. With Bruce and Tony being almost extremely certain that they were right this time, the team travelled to Sokovia. That was where all the troubles started.
“I can’t give you anything!” MJ groans in frustration, turning to look at Eddie who is already on his way back up, obviously confused by the sudden blow he’s gotten.
“I’m doing fine, Dad,” Peter says, understanding what he’s asking. “Harry’s going to school now. It’s actually quite funny, because he’s got the biggest crush on MJ, and she’s being completely awkward around him.”
“And I love you,” Steve says, turning towards Tony to capture his lips again. Peter clears his throat and turns around.
Peter takes the sheet out of Tony’s hands and reads through the words. In a writing that resembles May Parker’s perfectly, he’s explained that Tony Stark is a friend of the family, and has permission to pick Peter up in case she would be incapable of doing so. There’s no chance Peter will be quickly known in school as the ‘son of Tony Stark’ because of some teachers gossiping.
After a while, May comes by. She’s picking up Peter again, taking him home. Good, Tony wouldn’t want him to waste his time here. He says goodbye, squeezes Peter’s hand. After that, Pepper, too, leaves. She takes Rhodey with her. Happy stays for a little bit longer, but eventually the nurses urge him out, too. They have it under control, the floor is secured and whatever else. Tony doesn’t want him to leave, but he doesn’t speak up.
He picks up the letter and opens it up. He doesn’t care if he’s not supposed to read it. If this is in Steve’s office, it has to be from him, right? Quickly, he starts.
not going to cut my hair!” Yaël barked at the old man, who, as a response to Yaël’s aggressive behaviour, started up the machine by pushing some buttons on it. He laughed as there came even more scissors and shaving machines out of the thing, moving around like they were going to murder Yaël, instead of cutting her hair.
“Steve’s not an Uncle to Peter, he’s like a father. Because Steve and I are together. Have been for a while now.”
“But why would you leave this planet? The Grandmaster seems to favour you...  How did you even manage to do that?”
Peter sees how they pick Harry back up, how Iron Man hands Cap some sort of strange cuffs. War Machine is the one who takes him away, holding him in a strong grip as he flies up in the sky, followed by Iron Man carrying Cap in one arm.
“Morning,” she sounded a bit hoarse. Well, right, she always sounded hoarse. Freaking weird voice, man, Yaël still seemed to forget sometimes what her voice sounded like.
A soft noise next to him startles him, and when Peter turns around, he finds the girl’s messy purple hair underneath the sheets. She’s got her back towards him, but it doesn’t take a genius to understand what this looks like.
“I’ve, uh, been on nightly missions,” he says. After that, he starts moving towards his bedroom. He’s not going to change too much. The shirt he’s wearing is good enough with a dark jacket on it, and he’s already wearing his shoes. He just puts his money and cards out of his wallet before putting that one into his jacket. Then he drops the box of his new phone on his bed. The phone hasn’t been turned on yet, so he quickly does that before running towards the bathroom.
Yaël stayed and had dinner with the Thompsons, she felt more welcome than ever. But they had always had the talent for making her feel welcome. They didn’t ask her to show off her powers or anything, they just let her be who she was and accepted her that way. Hopefully Scott knew how lucky he was with grandparents like this.
“I-“ he starts, smacking his lips together. “I remember Steve calling.” But more than that? No, that’s mostly a blur. He thinks harder. Steve called, they had argued over the line, and after that Tony made a rampage at the workshop – though staying away from Peter’s project – and headed to the hidden stash of drinks that he promised himself to stay away from.
Once he’s landed in front of the old house of the Parkers, he removes the suit once again. The watch, which is now safely wrapped around his wrist, seems to be inviting. He clears his throat, wondering if he should prepare some sort of ‘speech’ to convince Mary to help him?
At the campus, people start noticing him. Going to parties makes him a familiar figure to most of the partygoers. They all constantly greet him, slapping him on the back or inviting him to the next get together they’re organizing. And Peter just accepts their invites without any trouble.
"Honey, we're home!" he shouts into the penthouse. He and Peter head for the kitchenette to get some drinks ready for everybody while Wade and Johnny get to the couch, deep in discussion about a movie Peter hasn't watched yet.
But Peter can’t focus on the movie at all. All he can think about is Berlin, and what must be happening there. FRIDAY has been trying to keep him up to date, but nothing of what she tells him is giving him any confidence in what is happening.
“Yaël?” “Hmm?” Yaël kept looking at the ballerina doing tricks at the tips of her fingers. “You’re playing with fire while we’re eating.” Steve said sternly, like Yaël was a teenager who was playing onher smartphone during dinner.  The little ballerina waved at Steve and threw him a kiss before she turned into a little cloud of smoke and then disappeared.
“As if it isn’t.” Rhodey crosses his arms and stares Tony down. “Tony you experienced the worst thing imaginable for any parent. And I’m sorry that you had to go through that back then. But your paranoia over Peter’s safety is going to chase everybody off.”
,” Harry hisses sarcastically once he notices him. There’s a giant grin on his face, and his tongue is passing over his lips quickly, “long time no see. How’s Gwen?”
Then Tony, too, pulls away. After a few footsteps, the door closes and Tony and Steve are out of the room. Peter then turns onto his back, looking at the ceiling and feeling some of the heaviness leave him. Because right now he’s feeling loved. And he’s reminded that it’s not just these two men that love him, but others, too. He’s just forgotten how it feels, only to be reminded of it again right now.
“What about these two?” she asks before he’s into the hallway. Tony gives Sam and Clint a long look.
instead). Tony’s made peace with the fact that she exceeds him in intelligence. Who else would he trust the mantle on, after all?
“Mr. Stark?” Peter asks the moment the pants are on as well. He pushes the button, and feels the fabric surround himself once again. It feels extremely comfortable, surely amazing to be able to fight in this, he would think. As the two men continue their discussion together, Peter starts doing some lame battle stances, pretending to throw some punches in the air.
Yaël thought she heard knocking a few times, maybe she even heard someone yell, but it was extremely hard to get a hold of the thin, hazy line between reality and chimera.
“There are ways to test that, but I’d need DNA-samples from your supposed father to confirm it, and even that would take me days to analyze,” she explains calmly, sounding a bit amused that he would have such mundane troubles. With this, Peter proves that he’s not any different from other people.
The Cap just repeats what he did before, lifting Peter up against the ceiling and back to the ground, and repeating the process a few times.
“Oh, God, Tony! Every time!” Steve groans in frustration, walking away from Tony in annoyance. “Every time I think you see things the right way…”
“I didn’t know back then that she peed on it.” Peter sighs before looking back at Tony. “Thanks for being honest with me, Dad.”
“No worries, there’s an ambulance waiting on the street. I’ve been searching for you for hours. I’m so sorry I blew up your apartment, I didn’t notice the bomb was so strong.” And for once in his life, Wade really looked like he was sorry.
“What are we looking at here?” Steve asks, curiously. Tony just hums in response, not really sure how to answer that question.
Dum-E looks up for a moment before diving back into the refrigerator. U pokes him in the sides again.
Tony gasps in horror. “Steve, you’re insulting me,” he says, putting a hand on his chest. “You’ll have it by tomorrow.”
“No, I’m alright,” he assures them. There’s definitely too many people inside one hospital room, but it’s also kind of funny to look at. He tries to sit up a bit, extremely aware of the bandage on his head. His hair is gone, but it’s about the smallest sacrifice he could have made to get his hearing back. It’ll grow back, after all. Peter reaches up to scratch his head, try to get a feel of the bandage they’ve put on top of his wounds.
boyfriend when all the trouble has blown over, prints out t-shirts and makes them wear it when they go jogging the following week. With this, he stands corrected.)
Before Peter can even respond, the call is ended on Tony’s side. Peter’s mouth falls open in his surprise, and he lowers the phone, staring at it in disbelief. His
So Tony leaves the room. In his mind, he calls Steve up again, not expecting an answer at all. When he gets to voicemail, Tony takes another deep breath and brings him up to date about everything that just happened today.
Peter knows that they’re taking things slow again; he’s aware of the dates they’ve been going on, almost going three times in a single week. Peter’s been counting them, knowing that their next date tonight will be their seventh. What they do all the time, though, he has no idea about.
“We’re just waiting for Harry,” Peter says. Tony hums, still pensive about letting Harry hang out with Peter this much. They’ve had a conversation about it to make sure Peter’s feeling okay with it, but despite that Tony never really seems completely comfortable with letting them hang out. It’s probably going to take a while.
But even hanging out with him can’t seem to distract Peter. Harry is, after all, Harry, and he has never really understood humility or compassion the way Peter has been taught it. It’s not his fault, either, it’s just a sad fact.
Steve sighs, walking towards Tony and grabbing him by the arms. Then he leans forward, catching Tony’s attention.
Thor shakes his head. “Naye, I feel extremely well. I’ve washed myself, my clothes are ready at my separate dorms from Jane. I must say, it’s been a lonely night without her.”
“Well I’ll be damned,” Steve suddenly says. Peter startles, never really having heard the man swear before – if you can call that swearing, of course.
Tony startles a bit when he feels a sudden kiss on the top of his head, but then he relaxes once more. Steve is here, Peter is safe, and right now there’s nothing to worry about. So Tony turns his head to the side, pressing his face against Steve’s shoulder – trying not to think too much about the fact that he’s already feeling too comfortable with doing that.
“Sure, because Stark certainly did something about it. He probably nodded like the good boy he is. You know what, just leave, Vision.”
“I need to make a call,” he lies, holding up his phone. “Don’t worry, I’m not leaving, I have to take that idiot home.”
Tony nods shortly, remembering indeed how he went to Washington after hearing what happened, but refusing to see Steve empty-handed so he went on a wide search for the shield. When he’d been in the hospital room at last, he’d been shocked at Steve’s state, never seen him so beaten up. That had also been the first time Tony met Sam Wilson, who had been waiting for Steve to wake up.
“Dr. Cho and her team pumped your stomach empty after I took you in. She’s pretty angry, by the way. Everybody is.”
happy, too. Despite that heavy feeling of clouds hanging above his head for months since his break-up with Pepper, now he’s actually feeling
At the end of that hour, Peter automatically goes to the back of the parking where Happy’s car is currently waiting for him. He doesn’t pay attention to Flash or any of the others that are watching him, and just gets inside. When he gets to the compound, there’s still no answer.
“At least he tells me what’s wrong with you. You never talk about yourself!” Peter drops the pen and grabs both his Dad’s hands into his own, making him look up. “You were there when I was down. Now let me do the same, please?”
When Wade makes his entrance, it’s with the usual flair. Yaël, who is shaking her head with her hands shielding her eyes, portrays exactly how everybody is feeling when Wade turns up wearing a French maid uniform.
When he gets to take Mary’s place next to Peter, he reaches out his hand until it passes over Peter’s cheek, his hair, the back of his head. He’s so small, still so full of wonder. Not yet filled with so much sadness. This is the Peter Tony wished he had the chance of being for the rest of his life, but it’s not up to him to decide this.
Peter gives Tony a long, angry look. He has a nasty feeling in his stomach, his hands balling up into fists. His heart makes a few jumps, making him want to crawl out of his skin and shout out into the world.
to get it! He draws a spider in the corner of his paper, quickly wondering if he can’t just get into his suit and sneak out of the house. The problem with Steve and Tony knowing that he’s Spider-Man is that, the moment he’s outside, they’ll know.
“That doesn’t look good,” Hilde suddenly states, pointing towards the hurting limb. Tony looks down, finding that his pants are ripped and there’s a large bloody spot hiding away what must be an injury.
And if that doesn’t make alarm-bells ring inside his mind, nothing else would. It’s like there’s a large ERROR-sign in front of his eyes, on all his thoughts. This can’t be, this can’t happen.
Tony chuckles, though it sounds forced. He turns his head back until he looks up at the ceiling. “No, I’m not. It’s not going to stop you, I already know that.”
The phone-call ends when they make an agreement for Ross to come by at the compound tomorrow around eleven, and then Tony hangs up the phone with a loud sigh. The first thing he does is rub his forehead, taking a few seconds to breathe.
Wade stayed for the rest of the morning. They watched a few episodes of their series and made some arrangements for the night. Yaël quickly ate some soup, shooed Wade away and went to work again. She had to go Mr. and Mrs. Thompson again, so that was great! Would they have made some cookies again? While walking to the old couple’s house, she took her phone.
“How is she doing?” Charles heard Mr. Rogers ask as they we’re going through one of the hallways, towards Yaël’s classroom.
“My dear Steve,” Natasha suddenly starts, catching another ball and throwing it towards Bucky. “When what’s left of you gets around to what’s left to be gotten, what’s left to be gotten won’t be worth getting, whatever it is you’ve got left.”
he hears, though the voice is muffled. Then there’s some shifting noises, and the other person, Steve, starts speaking to him. “
“Lopt… It’s Lopt!” The dark-haired man said quickly, without giving Yaël a moment to dig up the name. Lopt? She surely didn’t remember that name… Raido frowned and pulled her out of her thoughts. “Yaël, I don’t want to do this.”
She was overthinking this stuff again, instead of going with the flow. She and Loki didn’t speak a word anymore as they both went towards the exit of the spaceship, like his mind was busy too. He quickly checked the passengers, and signed at Miek and Korg, who immediately, fight-ready, jumped off the ship, into the cloud of mist, and ran into the fight.
“FRIDAY, call the cleaning crew,” Mr. Stark says. The AI affirms, and after that, Mr. Stark points back at the chair Peter had been sitting on. Unaware that he’s still holding the gauntlet and the arc reactor, Peter sits down and bites his lip some more.
“I made myself comfortable on the couch.” Peter breathed out subtly after Steve said those words. Yaël looked at him. Oh, it was so clear he thought there was more going on between Steve and Yaël a moment ago, before Steve made clear that they slept apart. She wished she could show Peter how Steve was headstrong enough not to look at her nudeness just a few minutes ago.
Yaël knocked, but got no response. Should she just walk in? Who knows what a teenager does in his bedroom. She didn’t want to see that, so she firstly pressed her ear against his door. Nothing. Yaël put her hand on the doorknob and doubted for a second if she should open it, chewing on the inside of her cheek. Then she turned the knob.
Peter figures that he’s smarter than average. He barely has to study for his grades to be perfect, is way ahead of everybody in his own class, and to make it better, now he can think a lot faster than any other person can due to his powers.
have any reason to ask about it.” Then Peter picks up his cellphone, seeing that he’s gotten multiple messages from Wade – all of them containing nothing other than heart-emojies which he ignores – and one from Yaël.
Peter lies back down after that, putting a hand on his eyes to filter out the light. Then he grunts, looking to the side.
“Oh, that’s too bad. What happened?” Maybe she’ll tell him what Harry didn’t want to say. MJ shrugs again.
“Uh, do you have any more of those feedback-papers that I have to fill in for school?” Tony asks in an attempt to lighten the mood a bit. For his internship, in order to earn himself more grades at school, Peter has to hand in some documents with positive feedback he’s gotten from his workplace. As far as Tony knows, at first Peter handed it to Francis back when he still worked in the tower. Now, Tony, too, has already gotten a few of them.
lies in a hospital bed, he just had surgery, had shrapnel taken out of his leg and had the back of his head stitched up. He has a concussion. You don’t really want to leave because of this, do you?”
Once it’s on, he surfs a bit on the internet, tries out a few of the games Tony must have installed for him, but eventually
. It’s not like he’s officially moved in here already, but he’s here more often than not. And Peter doesn’t mind at all; he likes Rhodey. He’s like this cool kind of uncle; Tony’s best friend since college, and now his Aunt’s boyfriend! Besides the fact that he’s a badass army-dude who has a damn good reputation, he’s also the War Machine, half-time Avenger and hero.
With tired smiles on their faces, the two stay there for a little while. Seconds tick by, the moment where they have to leave coming closer and closer.
Peter shakes his head. Now’s not the time to start asking these questions. What matters is that they catch him so they can put him away again, and maybe take care of him.
“What the-?” he starts, but right when he’s about to jump down himself to help her out, she skillfully grabs onto the ledge of another building and pushes herself forward. The movement, the certainty this girl is showing. It’s mind-blowing, Peter realizes. Before he knows it, he’s swinging after her.
Yaël looked up when she heard some sort of whooshing sound and quickly ducked away. Even though she managed to dodge the blade flying towards her, Hela was smart enough to surprise Yaël by simultaneously creating a spear that went right through Yaël’s upper right leg and her hip. Calling it painful would be minimalizing. She didn’t dare to look down, but she felt perfectly where Hela’s weapons had impaled her. Unable to move to free herself from the spear, she saw Hela walking towards her with a smirk. With just a simple move with her hands, the Queen was holding two sword-ish looking weapons.
This Saturday, Tony has to leave with Bruce, who has decided to be the neutral point in the whole debate. For a moment, Peter wonders if he could join. They’ll transport Steve along, after all, and he’ll get to see Nat and Wanda again. Sam, too! Even Rhodey is going to fly over for the occasion. Everybody is supposed to be there, so not only the Avengers. There are a few (enhanced) members of SHIELD, according to Tony, but also the Fantastic Four and a few of the X-Men. It’s going to be an enormous gathering, and it’ll probably take the two whole days to get to an agreement.
“I don’t know what happened, but five minutes afterwards Ned ran out with him. For a second I thought they were going to confess their love for each other like in a dramatic teenage movie.”
“I didn’t! I got someone chasing after me, but I saw you two holding out your hands like idiots so I figured you could use the drive. Come, come and follow me into my absolutely safe adventure. If you’re lucky, you might get to see an angry mutated wolverine, but don’t worry, he’s harmless!” Oh, that sounded extremely legit. Yaël looked at Peter, what should they do? Drive with this maniac friend of hers or being late on the interview?
“You know what? I’m actually kind of hurt you see people with troubles like broken dolls.” Peter clearly hadn’t forgotten what their conversation had been about. Yaël bit her lip, she clearly messed up by saying that.
Karen warns him. Peter wants to react, but somehow, he’s slow. Looking deep into those green eyes, he only realizes he should stop her when his mask is raised up over his mouth.
The drive to Oscorp takes even longer than he would have expected, probably because of the evacuation. He can see that the people are already walking back inside, so he shouldn’t have any problem retrieving his mother’s files.
“It isn’t,” Steve agrees with his arms crossed, looking at Tony with that intense gaze. “Before we got separated the way we did, I had every intention to tell you we were done.”
Standing somewhere close to the door, Peter and Harry look at the crowded penthouse. Sixteen people inside and they’re still expecting Dr. Cho, Maria Hill and Sharon. To think that Tony even invited Jane, Darcy and Erik… it might be for the best that they decided to do something small. As it turns out, Jane took Thor leaving not too well.
Hey, better me than somebody else, I suppose. But he shouldn’t have brought up Gwen! Because I know she’s dead because of me; she was there when she shouldn’t have been. She only followed
“So you want to get to know your daddy, Parker?” Wade suddenly asks, fishing out a bag full of bread from his pack. Both Peter and Yaël raise their eyebrows in confusion; what can they expect him to do now?
He had just come back from the gym, not bothering to get washed to get that sweaty look they were going for. Then he lay down on the bed, with his sweaty clothes still on. Natasha had positioned the camera until only his upper body was visible.
Steve seems disappointed in the loss of contact, and so is Tony, but an agreement is an agreement. Instead, Tony puts his right hand on the wheel, and rests his left elbow in the open window.
“Just Wade,” Peter tells him. Steve turns his head then to him. “Though nothing really can kill him so I’m sure he’s about ready to jump happily in a flowery meadow any moment now.”
“I want to make you my Queen. I want to be your proud husband, the father of our no doubt wonderful child. I want to be by your side at every moment possible because I find so much joy in just standing near you. Your passion for science, your Midgardian ways… From day one, when you hit me with that car of yours, I felt a strong pull towards you. And it’s probably crazy to do this, but I do not care, for I love you with everything my heart possesses, and I will love you until the very last moment I get to have you, and beyond.”
.” Yaël nodded. Where was he going with this? “So, I tested something and that was leaving you for a few hours while being well aware of your presence on this ship.”
“A lot can happen in an hour,” Peter mutters, rubbing his chin as he looks to the side for a moment. Then he decides it’s best to just walk out of the bathroom before anybody catches him talking to himself in here. FRIDAY usually stays quiet when there’s somebody else around Peter, so they don’t really know he talks a lot with her.
“Tony! You’re awake?” Natasha asks, surprised. Meanwhile, Clint runs back into the hallway to search for a nurse.
, his mind tells him, and he knows exactly which one. The Soul stone. Who-ever’s been stalling Thanos probably offered the stone in return for Peter’s safety. This person is Tony’s hero from now on.
“Come on! Can you just stop trying to kill me all the time?!” Deadpool shouts from where he crashed.
Peter just shouts until the car comes to a halt. Then he takes a few seconds to breathe before he picks both phones back up and jumps outside.
He decides to just move forward. He only vaguely remembers where the professor’s office is, so with a careful knock he indicates his presence, hearing a small ‘come in’ from the other side. But even if he hadn’t heard anything he would have stepped inside the room.
But that’s so long ago, and Tony is not a healthy being. Doing things so regularly like this feels weird – not bad, but weird.
But it does. Tony pulls back, trying to hide the way his eyes are now red, wiping away a tear that has dared to roll away. He chuckles, but it’s hollow, just a trick. To pretend he’s fine.
“H-h-harry…” Peter whispers out, realizing his vision start to turn a bit black. Damn it, he should have known that this wasn’t a good idea. His instincts
Harry doesn’t answer, having his mouth full. All he does is offer him a smile, and Peter smiles back, grabbing another pizza from the box. He doesn’t know how long they’ve been here, but it must be a while. He’s not too surprised when somebody knocks on the door, and suddenly Tony is standing inside.
There’s a smile on her face when she notices him at last. Peter just nods at her. Smiling is hard when he feels like he’s on a constant verge of crying. He sees Yaël saying something to Loki before she, along with the baby, get through the crowd. People are looking at them curiously, recognizing her as well. But she doesn’t pay attention to them.
?!” Bruce lets out a deep breath and goes to lean against the wall for a moment. “Listen, kid, Peter? Peter, I get that you’re excited, but if you don’t give me a
Next to him sits Vision, who is listening to whatever story Mr. Stark is telling him. He seems actually interested in it, and Peter can’t help but smile a little bit about that. Behind him, Steve clears his throat, catching their attention. Then Vision stands up, passing his hand over his dark blue shirt before getting back to the door.
Peter busies himself with refilling the snacks, cleaning up the bits of spilled drinks, and making sure the twins don’t start running things over. He almost wonders if he should distract them with Dum-E, until Tony tells them they can go on the balcony to build a snowman. The twins, of course, yell in excitement and run outside once they’re dressed again. Wanda and Vision join them outside.
“Oh my God, aren’t they adorable?!” she asks, shaking LL in excitement. LL just rolls his eyes but then turns towards Steve and Peter.
They leave Oscorp rather quickly. There’s no surprising addition of Norman or any other person from Oscorp. Traffic is still in full swing, despite the time. Tony has to admit that he’s practically jumping into his seat.
“Still, I’m sure I can reach the castle on my own,” Lopt’s arrogance pulled her out of her thoughts. Yaël and Raido simultaneously glanced sarcastically at Lopt, which made him raise his eyebrow. “You guys underestimate my powers…” he grumbled.
Without saying anything more, Peter jumps into the elevator. He just needs a moment to catch his breath. Leaning against the walls, he rubs his forehead again.
“You’ve got to be kidding me, right?” she complains. Then she walks up to him, putting her hands on his hips and squeezing them. “I want to get to know you. Let’s just hang out.”
In the next hour, he’s gone through all of Midtown. He follows a mugger all the way to Hell’s Kitchen where he finds a surprising lack of
Suddenly she felt a hand softly resting against her back. When she wanted to turn around, she almost bumped into the friggin’ model. His hair was lose this time and fell in waves over his shoulders. He had grown a beard and, of course, it suited him well. It made Yaël almost think of some of the Helvegian guys… if she could just braid his hair here and there and-
“Yeah yeah, I’m on it, May!” he returns. He hurries towards the kitchenette, messing up Peter’s hair on the way – like always – and opens up the fridge where he takes out the non-alcoholic drinks he’d ordered. Peter had suggested to get something, but Tony had just chuckled and shaken his head.
!” Happy presses on, and Peter nods nervously again. Before he can ask anything else, Happy walks away again, leaving Peter to change.
Then he ignores him as he starts asking if he can help. Using FRIDAY and the assistance of Veronica to get the ship back together, he’s extremely aware of Peter following him, trying his best to make things right.
It’s horrible, really. Tony’s probably the only one in this house who knows how Peter is feeling right now – to some extent – yet he finds himself the least competent on knowing how to deal with it.
“What were you planning with that? Did you think that if you’d be wearing that dress, I’d immediately give you the access-card after looking at your boobs for a minute? I was going to give it to you anyway, since I promised it to you last time you walked in, wearing another one of these dresses, which hadn’t been necessary either.”
“Leslie chose the wrong dress,” Tony mutters against his hair. Then he pulls back. Wade points out a finger towards Tony.
Peter’s eyes open up wide, looking back up at the man that is his father, standing in front of him. He doesn’t know if he can do what Mr. Stark is expecting of him; he has no idea how repulsor energy works, after all. Sure, he’s able to get a grasp on any technology he comes across with if he puts a bit of effort in it, but in a matter of minutes? Peter’s not sure he can manage that…
“Don’t do that,” Steve whispers out. The three in front of them continue walking, not noticing that they’ve stopped. “Things aren’t alright. It was a stupid question, I realize it. But… what’s on your mind?”
“Nah, went to maybe two parties so far? And it was only to get my roommate home. I tend to stay away from the alcohol,” Peter clarifies with a shrug. “So how about you? Your wife doing well?”
“Thor, Hulk, glad to finally meet you guys as well,” Peter jokes on. “Thought you guys would be more handsome in person.”
“You go,” she said as she pointed at Wade “You invited this innocent soul, now you let him in, nah!” Wade jumped up and danced towards the door. Yaël put out the TV . She had seen enough of hospitals and the Winchester for today.
Tony doesn’t know how long Steve has been awake. His eyes are open the moment Tony stumbles out of his sleep, his head resting under his hand while he quietly observes Tony with a weird look on his face. It’s a mixture of fondness, but also guilt, Tony can tell.
A calm mood stays there for the remaining time they spend together. After that, Steve stands up and clears his throat.
After the footsteps have disappeared, she pulls away from him again and goes to pick some things up from her bed. When he looks closer, he understands that it’s a key card.
He turned around rapidly. “You want to go back to earth? What’s so appealing there? The friends who don’t even grasp the width and strength of your powers?”
The reunion between Tony and Bruce has been wordless. The two just looked at each other, and suddenly Tony pulled him into a strong and long hug. His eyes might have been a bit red, but there hasn’t been more reaction than that. After that, Bruce has left to take a shower, and he’s currently dressed in one of Tony’s slacks and a shirt from Steve. He didn’t ask questions about it when Tony gave it to him.
“You could never hurt me,” Tony says, not believing how sappy he’s feeling right now. “Though somebody’s getting a bit too interested right now, and we did just state that we wouldn’t be having sex yet.”
Peter’s looking better, too. His hair is still thinned out and his cheeks still hollow. There are also dark circles under his eyes, but other than that he seems to be doing so much better. Nothing a few weeks at home can’t fix, after all.
Tony storms inside the room, purposely not looking at the group around the bed. Instead, he puts a hand on Bruce’s shoulder.
“Listen, I’m sorry. I wasn’t thinking straight, I was just glad that I got to see MJ and suddenly I invited her along. I take responsibility for this one.” Peter looks up at his friend, actually surprised at the sudden response he’s getting. He’s never really known Harry as somebody who would apologize this way. He wasn’t raised like that by his father, after all.
There’s a dark cloud in the entire penthouse. Daily, people come by to see how Peter is doing now that he’s free of Venom. But, without the symbiote’s distraction, it seems like reality is hitting Peter hard. Practically bedridden for the past few days, everybody realizes just how much the kid has been carrying along.
Yet, it’s still a thing Steve thinks about. Especially now, looking down at Tony, both of them breathless. Tony’s hands are digging into his sides, brown eyes glued into his. Steve knows the man’s heart is racing, just like his own is as well.
somebody says. The man holding the gun seems unlpeased, like he’s not impressed. With that, the other man, the one with the bonnet and the yellow-sleeved hoodie, picks up the gun again and hurries back to his van. “
So that’s what Peter does. After school, he takes the cab to Stark Tower, going upstairs by the private elevator. He’s greeted by FRIDAY, and ends up spending the following ten minutes trying to pry Butterfingers, U and Dum-E off him. With the way they keep on greeting him, one would think he never spends any time with the two bots.
“Uh, sorry,” Tony mutters. He takes Steve’s hand into his own and pulls him back towards the deck. But he can’t get there before Chrissy taps them on the shoulder.
There’s no way that Peter is going to run off! Mr. Stark is his father; the only living relative he has. The last person in his messed-up little family other than Aunt May who is still alive. Peter is not going to let that go.
Steve stays quiet for a few more seconds. Peter’s not sure if he just pissed the guy off, but honestly, he couldn’t care any less.
“I knew you guys were crazy, but this really exceeds all my expectations,” Tony tells them, with eyebrows raised, clearly unimpressed by what’s just happened here. Natasha stands up from her spot on the couch. “You were actually going to
“Alright, I’ll figure this out,” Peter returns. He jumps up into the building without waiting for another answer from the man. The moment he’s inside he can feel the warmth surrounding him immediately. He huffs out a heavy breath, trying to shake off the heaviness the heat brings along.
It doesn’t take a genius to find out why there are suddenly three grown men crowding a very confused Peter Parker. She wonders if she should create a diversion to let Peter escape, or if she should just kick their asses for harassing a teenager with stupid matters like these?
Yaël nodded, listening to a story would distract her from being locked up. She gave him a little smile for his act of kindness.
Besides, Peter has no idea what he had been thinking during his blackouts. He’s seen what Karen has recorded, but it’s not like he has the habit of talking out loud so often it was just long silences. He couldn’t hear his own thoughts, making everything even vaguer.
He gets inside, trying to shake it off. He sees Ned dancing, sees Michelle standing there with him and a few others of the Decathlon team. On the left, there’s Liz and her friends, already dancing. She smiles when she sees him. All Peter does is disappoint her.
“Who- who are you?” he asks, then. Tony sighs, taking a few steps forward and putting his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
A small glimmer of hope goes through Tony when Steve picks up one of the pens. Finally, Steve stands up, making a few steps before turning back to Tony.
“Sorry, man, I don’t know who that is,” Yaël tells him suddenly after finishing his story. If Peter would ever have the biggest shock of them all, this would be it. Tony Stark is one of the most famous people in the entire world, firstly because of his company but his popularity grew even more after revealing that he’s Iron Man! How could one
