"If he could see me then yes," Lily replies, "but he can't see me because of the stupid prophecy."
He nods as we get up and walk out of the room. We enter Laura's room locking the door once in there.
I see the base again and notice that Malick is standing in front of me and I'm being held by two guards in fireproof suits.
When Tony hears that he reaches up pulling Steve's head down to his and kisses him with loving passion. Everyone in the crowd breaks out in cheers when they break apart and walk up the aisle. Wanda reaches over and pulls Dylan up the aisle with her behind Cooper and Laura. They all gather for some group photos before Steve and Tony go off to get photos of just them.
"That's our baby," I look up as Bucky says that with tears running down his face.
"Pietro, listen to me," I say sternly, "Compromise with Dad, make it intimate with Dad, Wanda, Nat, my Mom and siblings, Bucky, Laura, and me. It'll be more memorable that way."
"I'd want to be not engaged," I state coldly, "I don't want a wedding, I don't want to get married. That's just something else that people can use against me, it's rough enough having Laura and this little guy on the way but a husband that's just too much. I see how people torture loved ones, I saw what happened to Laura and I also lived it, so if Bucky ever proposed I would turn him down because I don't want him to get hurt because of me."
I walk towards the house with Pietro rethinking what Dylan said to me
He stands up and walks over to Laura, who looks terrified.
"Okay, so we asked a few people to give little, ummm," Pietro stands by the mic looking confused with the word he wants.
I wake up feeling the cool metal of Bucky's arm wrapped around my should. I lay there trying to remember everything that happened the day before. I feel Bucky shift as he wakes up, I sit up sharply remembering what I did yesterday.
I nod and walk up with him taking a seat in the second seat next to him.
"We lost the Hulk," Loki says, "not like he hasn't been loose on Earth before."
I sit there still looking out the window, leaving out the part where she told me I wasn't her dad. I see Laura stand and walk over to Cooper.
"James, calm down some," I say resting my hand on his arm, "and Bruce, no I know that is not the cause. The cause is because of Laura being shot."
"How is that possible," Dad says from his spot in the room, "Bucky shot her, how can that affect you weeks later?"
"I did, Wanda and Loki, shh, Loki is on our side at the moment, are going to get it out," Steve says soothingly, "I have someone here that you'll want to see before we start though."
"So you two are Barton's family then, well and your sister too then," Loki says looking back at me, "And you're the spoke person when Captain Rogers isn't around, aren't you? That child, well both of them look an awful lot like you, how much do I want to bet that the girl is your twin and the boy is your son."
"James," I call him by his real name, calming him some, "I know I left, and you have a right to be pissed, but I needed to clear my head."
"How are you this morning," Loki asks.
I chuckle at him, walking back towards the base. I push him lightly as we enter the base, I look down the hallway that Bucky and I fought in.
"I pushed his hair out of his face," I say continuing in Russian, " and he pulled me into a hug. I had a panic attack and protected myself."
"I don't want to live in this world without you by my side," Bucky says reaching out resting his hand on my cheek.
"You know for a fact that Dylan won't let that happen," Wanda says sitting next to me on the bed, "She'll probably try and put off the wedding for as long as possible too. She loves you, she'll think of a way to be with you."
And sue me, I like cliffhangers...
"Of course," the AI system replies.
"How are you feeling, has a nurse seen you, have they paged Bruce," Dad asks while moving to stand up.
"Sir, I just found something that might be of help," Jarvis says jolting me back into reality.
I turn and walk towards our room thanking the AI system. I open the door tentatively and walk in, I see Bucky sitting there on the bed holding our family photo.
“I come baring family,” he says, as Phil and Nick walk into her place.
"About an hour or so," Steve says looking towards Tony's lab again.
After a few minutes, Nathaniel wakes up. Clint shifts and easily picks him up and starts to feed him some crackers.
"You care for this man that I will be working on don't you," Loki says, noticing the break in my voice, "I swear to you I won't let anything bad happen to him in this process."
"No, it's not nothing," I say turning his seat around so he's facing me, "I meant what I said, I do love you. I just shouldn't have said in that moment, I wanted the right moment to say it because you mean that much to me and I wanted the moment to match that."
"I was enjoying that," he says after I turn back to face him.
She replies quickly.
"Ten minutes after you left," he replies.
I push Pietro towards the center of the dance floor right in front of Clint on stage.
"So do you know what gender the baby is," Tony asks me.
"You fool," Loki screams, "I won't let you do this, you said you were going to marry me and that is what you will do. If not, I'll kill him."
"This is the perfect combination of both of them," Wanda says smiling over at her brother, "You really know how to get through to him when Clint and I can't."
I stand up from the chair I was sitting in and walk over to Pietro, motioning for him to follow me into the kitchen.
"He didn't though," Dylan replies, "Laura and I used our connection on him. He was tortured by the guy giving him the army, he was threatened. It was just after he found out he wasn't who he thought he was. Does that sound familiar? He just lost his family and had to start over believing whatever he was told. Dad, you cannot keep placing him in the villain position because then Bucky, Nat, and myself all belong there; so does you husband and his sister, sorry Pietro."
"Shut up, Stark," I reply, slowing rolling off of Pietro.
“But he’s your best friend and it caught you off guard,” Steve says making of them both jump.
"Oh, I'm pissed, but I mean I pulled a gun on Pietro so I thought I'd try and hide it out here," I say standing next to Wanda, "So what's up?"
"Wow," I say sarcastically, while clapping, "Aren't you just a smart ass, but you're half wrong, Laura is my daughter and Ras is my son. Biologically Laura is 12, but let's just say the two of us went through hell for a couple of hours and now she's an adult. Why does Steve think you can help us?"
"But I thought we could, you know," he winks at me while patting the bed beside him, "make up."
"Of course, my love," she says, as he fastens the necklace around her neck for her.
"I ran into Bucky and he asked me to ask you if you could just forget about the fight as tonight is an important night for your Dad and my brother," she says looking at me trying to understand the whole thing.
"No, I am," I say from my spot next to him.
"We're going to hear our baby's heartbeat," he asks looking at me, "I get to hear our son's heartbeat?"
I just started to feel safe, I just started to trust most of this team, and now, I have to start running away. I have to uproot my daughter, and take her away the people that treat us like family. I have to loose my father. Again.
Before they have a chance to answer we hear shouting coming from the kitchen.
"It's the one good photo from that day," I say through happy tears.
"My daughter," Ego says, stretching his arms wide, pulling her into a hug.
"No, it's fine," he walks away from me not turning back.
"Ha, true. So Buck, how does it feel," Clint asks closing his eyes against the sun, "being a dad and all?"
"Jarvis, take the wheel," Tony said as he started to walk over to where I was seated, "There is one thing we'd like to know before we land though. Your daughter, Laura, said you have other powers, what are they?"
"The rock-man is from Asgard," he asks.
I walk up to the mic smiling at the happy couple, "Thanks Dad and Pietro, first I want to say to Pietro, don't ever call me your step-daughter again," this receives laughs from the crowd, "I want to thank everyone that is here to help celebrate this amazing time. I know that they said I'm the reason that we're even here today but that's not true. Yes, I had a small hand in it, bringing Pietro back from the brink of death, but it was their love and commitment to each other, their ability to see past the dangers of our careers, and their understanding that we know everything about each others lives that has us here today. I want everyone here to join me in raising a glass in honour of these two great fathers," I smirk at them while saying that, "Clint and Pietro. Cheers."
We walk into the medical wing a couple of weeks later, fingers intertwined, making our way to the nurses counter.
"Lila, is everything alright," Eric says, "FRIDAY said you were panicked."
"You see here," he says pointing to part of the artifact, "it actually says 'all men, have they stained skin or new skin, be equals to each other.' Which shows that this civilization is more advanced than our own."
"How did you forgive Bucky after he killed your parents," I ask again.
Lily walks away before Tony or anyone else can protest any more. She opens the door to Tony's car and gets into the driver seat, pulling away from the base.
"Going? Where are we going?" I asked puzzled.
"Clint, his name is Clint," I spit back at him turning to face him, "He's not running out on his son when he obviously needs his father."
"What," Tony asks, "there is another person walking around with an Infinity Stone keeping them alive?"
“Fine then, you leave me no choice,” she screams, “HELP!!! This man is a fugitive, heeellllpppp!!!!”
"Brother, you must let her be with the one she loves," Thor says resting his hand on my shoulder, "I know she is different than her family as you are yours but you cannot make her love you by forcing her into marriage."
I pull him up from the floor and we walk out of the lab towards Clint's room to get ready. I knock on the door before entering and am engulfed in a hug by Pietro.
I wake up to Laura jumping on my bed.
"Dylan," he says pleading, "I came to check on Laura and couldn't get the door open. Please lower the gun and help me see our daughter."
"It's hard," he continues, "I remember my first one, came out of there with most of my hearing gone."
“It’s just my uncle, I’m supposed to be at my place to help the movers pack up the truck,” she says, “it can wait.”
"What the hell was that for," I say trying to figure out who's arms these arm.
“You could always move,” he says, laughing at the yeah right look she give him, “there must be another crumbling apartment in Queens that you can move to.”
They walk outside and towards the ship as the doors open and a ramp materializes down to the ground. Out walks a man made of stone.
"I love you, Dad," I say leaning into his shoulder.
"You're really alive," Bucky says from his spot, "You mean to tell me that you knew Laura was going to come back?"
"Laying in a hospital bed, talking about my headaches," I answer squirming in his hold, "What does it look like?"
"Dria, welcome home," Heimdall says as she leads in the Valkyrior.
“Can we talk somewhere private,” he asks, turning to face her his face looking tired.
"Thor is with you," she asks.
“What could you be keeping from Mr. Stark that will make him mad,” he asks, “I’ll let you help me.”
"Dylan will need support, and you are the best one to give it to her," Steve replies, "Pietro won't be able to stay calm enough, no offense."
I nod, knowing that is the best thing to do. I take a step forwards and start to fall but before I hit the ground I feel Bucky pull me into his arms, "Or just sleep, you're probably exhausted from the hell you've been through." I nod again snuggling up to Bucky's chest as he walks onto the quinjet.
“Nick Fury,” she asks, “Nick Fury is dead?”
"Did you tell him I'm back? Or do I get to tell him? Ouu can I tell him please!!!! Or should I hide and scare him," Pietro said after appearing out of no where.
"Dylan, no. Don't do this, we can find another way," Dad says pleadingly, "You don't have to marry him."
and Bucky's arms lifting me up carrying me towards the medical wing.
"I want you to promise me that you will leave my corner of the galaxy untouched," Ego replies.
"You really don't want to go back to sleep," Tony says chuckling, "I don't want to talk about the wedding, right now we need to focus on you."
"I'm sorry," I say involuntarily, "About him, lunging at you."
Laura sits there nodding taking it all in. I look over her head at Bucky and allow him to see that I'm just as nervous as him.
"I'm down," Laura says putting down her water, "I'll go ask grandpa-Hawk and Pietro."
"How far along are you again," Steve asks as Tony plays with his hair.
“Classified,” Phil says, “but I don’t think it’s a good idea if you mention you saw me to anyone. Especially Clint. Please.”
I stand there looking at my feet not knowing what to do next. Before I can look up Laura is hugging me.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Because I'm proposing to him tonight," Tony yells.
"Speaking of that, what is the whole plan with that," Happy asks.
"Dylan, who is this," Bucky asks tentatively from behind us.
"Clint, so help me god, if the city isn't in need of us I'm going to kill you," she threatens with a knife twisting between her fingers.
“You a cop,” Pietro asks her in Russian.
"Momma, it's okay. I'm here and so is Pietro," I focus my eyes onto those of my daughter and start to calm down.
"What did you say to her," I say seconds after we step into the kitchen, "What did you say that made her leave her daughter behind."
"Jarvis where is Nat," Tony asks.
"Lila," he says, smiling down at her.
“How are we going to get out of this,” this man who literally just appeared next to them asks.
For the first time she told the truth about why she is cautious about living with her partner. The man watching them let’s a sad smile appear on his face.
Dylan sits Laura down and tells her that they're going to go meet her mom, she's trying to hide her nerves as best as possible.
"I'm not a mortal, bitch," I yell, as flames start to engulf my hands, "I'm an inhuman and you tortured my father!"
“It’s fine Tony. I wasn’t looking at the sidewalk,” she says as Peter steps out of the car.
"Bucky took her to her room to get ready for bed," Pietro says, "I'm going to go check on Nathaniel, you two need sometime alone."
Lily storms away from Loki into the kitchen, stopping the two men in there in their tracks. Loki follows after her, the confusion and hurt evident on his face.
"I don't care what you said," Bucky says helping me up to my feet, "All I care about is that you're okay. Are you okay?"
"We'll go to Asgard to get married though," Loki chirps up.
"Loki didn't just hand it over to some guy," Lily says, "he handed it over to a mercenary. The same mercenary who he worked with in the Battle of New York, the same mercenary who my father used to work with until he handed over the wrong daughter, the same mercenary who will not stop until he has all the Infinity stones, the same mercenary who will have to kill at least one person to get an Infinity stone."
. I look over at the team as the make their way towards Clint and Natasha, when I see him. I turn and start running out of there as fast as I can, I end up back in our room and lock the door trying to figure out how soon Laura and I can leave when there's a knock on the door.
Happy looks up the ramp after Lily.
"Fine, if you must go," Odin says, "then you must have a guard escort you. You are about to become my daughter."
“It’s fine, it’s going to be a long trip anyway,” dad says, “I think Clint and Pietro are staying back too so you’ll have someone here if need be.”
I jump into his arms hugging him smiling knowing that this is what we need to do to move past Laura's death. I sit down on his bed as he goes to the bathroom to get dressed,
"It was a beautiful wedding, no," Wanda asks as we make our way to a table.
"Clint," Pietro says, startling me out of my thoughts.
I step away from him, knowing that if I stand that close to him I'll do something I'll regret.
He places her in front of me. I look down at her pulling her body into my arms trying to heal her. I place my hands on her heart trying to stop the bleeding.
A flash of blue appears next to Lily in her office, carefully placing a woman on her feet. Lily looks over to the woman seeing pain in her eyes, the same eyes showing that she was just crying, and recognizes who it is standing in front of her.
"I'll try, I make no promises but I'll try," Dad says as he turns back to the wheel, "And for your mother and siblings, they're just excited to meet you and your daughter. They don't care about how you got pregnant."
"Wanda and Clint travel together, just like Scott and Sam. I told them to stay in pairs and," Steve looks up at Pietro, "Clint chose to protect Wanda with his life."
"I should have told you about the signs," I say before he can say anything, "I should have told you that there was a chance she wasn't dead, I know and I'm sorry."
“One in the same,” she says, “but let’s not hash out things that don’t matter. Steve made his choice that day at the airport, even if I had even a small hand in not stopping him.”
“You really want me to move in? You know I snore and am a slob and take way to long in the morning,” he says as she unlocks her door, “you’d never get a break from tha-”
"Yes, Dylan taught me. I was planning on signing to propose to you," Pietro says right before kissing him.
"What's the target?" I asked defeated.
He nods slowly taking a small step towards the bed.
We dance for a little bit longer before he needs a drink and I make my way back towards the table.
"I was, but I don't think tonight is a good night," I say walking into my room, Bucky following behind, "I mean I was going to suggest tonight but I'm really tired now."
"Laura, Pietro, stop," I say looking at the hurt in Tony's face, "Can we think about signing it? Can we have some time, Tony?"
"What about Hela," she asks, quickly changing the subject.
“He’s passed away,” she says flatly looking out the window, “before the Battle of New York.”
"By the power vested in me, Son of Odin, Guardian of the nine realms," Thor says clasping a hand on each of their shoulders, "You are now untied as one, you may kiss."
She arrives into the city in under an hour and parks near Central Park. Once out of the car she breaks into a quick jog and arrives at a tree near the bridge that crosses over the Pond, making quick work she climbs up into the branches and hides within the foliage waiting for her lead to show up.
I really hope you guys like this Clint-hanger(get it cause the last line is from Clint).
"Tony, that's my daughter, can we not talk about her relations with Bucky while I'm around," Dad says from his perch on the counter.
"Dad said that if you don't agree to a smaller wedding, or even eloping, he's calling off the wedding. He really doesn't want the big wedding," I reply, "I know I shouldn't have said anything but I can't watch this go on any longer. I love you, I love my Dad and I love both of you together; so smarten the fuck up or I'll make you smarten up."
"5 plus the doctors and nurses," he responds.
"Kid, we need to figure out a plan," another voice says over the radio.
"Mom, you're kidding right," Laura asks.
Standing, she pulls on a sweater over her tank top and slips on a pair of flipflops and makes her way outside. Once in the cool air of the early morning, Lily starts to relax and walks towards the few trees lining the edge of the property.
"Wanda turned the speaker off after you left," Dad says, "She didn't want us to listen in."
I walk into the common area and see different bots whizzing around decorating for tonight.
We step in and press the button for the floor everyone lives on.
"If we sign this, and they reach out to us, we have to turn them in," Pietro throws another question Tony's way.
"Twins," Lily says, pulling in the silver haired man further into the room, "I have one right here."
"Glad to see you could make time for us,"  Steve says in an annoyed tone as we walk in.
"So we're the only couple left not married," Bucky says after we start to move, "How much pressure do you think we're going to get tonight?"
. Peter
Seconds after I put her down she pulls my head down and kisses me. I pause for a moment not knowing what to do, I relax and kiss her back. We stand there in the doorway of the cell kissing for a few minutes until Pietro and Clint start to laugh.
"I-I'm P-Pietro, whe-where am I?" he asks.
"About ten miles from our safe house," Steve replies looking around.
I look around my cell, it's been weeks since Jiaying sold me to Hydra for information about her daughter. I wait patiently for instructions, or a mission, or anything really. As stand to walk around and stretch my legs when the door unlocks. I stand there staring at this man as the door closes and locks behind him.
“Avery, you should wash up,” Nick says, “you’re still covered in blood.”
"Ready to go," T'Challa asks from the ramp, the three of them nod in response.
"Well, why don't we go sit down somewhere and you tell us everything," Bruce says, resting his hand lightly on her shoulder.
"We were just about to finish up," Steve says hoping out of the ring, "I'll see you both at dinner?"
"Both of you stop fighting," I scream at them, "Loki, if you so much as hurt a single hair on his head I will kill myself before you get a chance to marry me. Bucky, if you truly love me you will let me go and not hurt Loki in the process."
I get off of Bucky and walk towards the hallway, Bucky right behind me. I open the door and see everyone else making there way away from Tony's and Steve's room, Bucky adn I join the team and walk towards the common area.
I slowly unlock the door and open it to let in Pietro, "What the hell was that? Why'd you just leave after the team arrived?" He starts spewing off. "They're really confused, they are all wanting to make sure you're okay and everything."
"St-Ste-Steve," he asks quietly as his eyes flutter open.
I look towards the window feeling the blush raising on my neck.
"I am Groot," Groot says, shooting him an angry look.
“A life will be ending tonight, I just don’t think it’s the one you’re expecting,” dad says towards the god.
"Why don't you all come in for some food," Laura senior says wrapping her arm around me as we walk into the house I once called home.
"Shhhh, it's okay," Bucky whispers into my hair, "You're okay, you're with family, we got you."
Before anyone can answer there is a knock at the door, Bruce opens in just as Tony and Steve walk in.
"I'm so sorry I can't be the person you want me to be," I whisper to him before leaning in and kissing his temple.
She is about to explain more when the radio, that she keeps on her at all times, makes a loud static sound. She grabs it off her hip and turns it on so she can hear the other end.
Laura reaches her hand out and shakes her hand. They stand there chatting away about different things that they've drawn.
"I've read through all your research," Bruce says as he walks into the kitchen, joining the group, "and you've run every possible scenario, even ones I didn't know where possible, and there is nothing else to do."
She pulls away from me and I turn to look at the small girl looking up at me. I see Laura walk up to me hugging my leg tightly.
We sit in silence for the rest of the flight until Dad starts asking me to flip switches as we prepare to land. Once we land I walk to the back of the jet and wake up everyone. We change into the clothes that Dad and Pietro grabbed for us and make our way to the beach, not far from where we landed, seeing that the area is already set up. Dad and Nat walk up to the priest as I stand and wait with Pietro and Wanda a little ways back.
"Thank you for helping her out of there," I hear Bucky say.
"Anytime today, they stopped in at the farm to see Cooper and Lila and they'll be here after that," I say.
"It's a long one," she says, "and it's not just about my life in Asgard, it's pretty much everything from when I was born to what I was working on yesterday morning at breakfast."
"I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself," Lily says as she walks down the ramp.
Pietro shyly waves at the group standing in Tony's lab. Lily walks over to one of the computers pulling up Bruce's algorithm.
"Because," Frigga says, "your heart will one day belong to one of our sons, we do not wish for it to be hurt ever."
"We started the unfreezing process when you called, he should be awake in a few minutes," one of the doctors said as we entered.
"Someone like me," Loki replies as he stands and walks over to Wanda.
"She doesn't want anything to do to me," I interrupt Nat, "She told me I'm not her dad, not emotionally at least."
"I'll give it to you," Lily says, wiping away her own tears, "I have nothing left to live for."
"Then who is," Loki yells, "Is it you Barnes? Are you behind all of this?"
"Everything alright," Steve turns to them and asks.
Valkyrie is about to say more as a ship starts to land next to the Saakarian ship. Lily walks over to the ship and opens the door, once it lands, and steps inside. The group still standing on the ground look between each other, Lily steps off the ship and walks toward the group.
"Groot is a Floral Colossus," Lily says, "and Rocket looks like a Racoon, but will murder you if you point that out."
I drop to the ground shaking. I burn the clothes I'm wearing and stand up in just my underwear. I walk over to the bed staring into the camera and burn the complete mattress.
"Everett Ross," he says, shaking her hand, "sorry about earlier this evening. If it makes you feel any better the woman I was trying to impress wasn't buying it even before you jumped in."
Steve leaves the room leaving me and Bucky alone with Malick. The sneer grows on Malicks face, he's about to say something when I hear the loud bang of a gun. I look back to Malick and see his head go limp as the blood trickles down his chest.
"Tony, which is surprising but still," Pietro answers in Russian.
"Yes," Shuri replies, "I've tweaked it some to make it better. You know about it?"
"What's that," Bucky asks concerned, "Is our baby okay?"
"We go in, find Dylan and get out," Steve says to the team, "We are here to save her. Bucky, you lead Clint and Pietro in, you look for any sign of Dylan. I'll lead Tony, Wanda and Natasha in, we're looking for files on other bases, what weapons they have, and if they have any other enhanced."
"No, no, no. Please baby girl, come back to me," I say crying into her, "I need you back here with me, please just wake up baby girl."
“When are you coming back to DC dad,” Avery asks as she pulls on her scrubs.
“My dad’s alive,” she says, “he died before the battle of New York. Tony and Steve saw the bloodstain on the wall. They believed it, I gave shield the okay to bring him back.”
“Avery, what the hell are you doing here,” he asks as she get to his side.
I turn towards him, realizing that Clint just discovered something about himself. I grin slightly seeing the look of relief on his face that I felt many times on my own when I was holding Laura.
The car ride back to the base is a quiet one. I sit there staring at the phone in my hand,
I nod and grab the keys to one of Tony's car. We pile into the car and drive towards the park.
"Dylan, we just got here," Bucky urges me, "At least have something to eat and then we'll call Tony after lunch."
I see Bucky slowly open the door standing in the entry way, "Can I talk to you?"
"Why do you want to see Barton so badly," Loki directs this question towards Pietro.
"I've been following this thing for three years," she says, "I need to take care of this myself."
"Easily, she loves you and it was the only way we could get you better," Wanda replies quickly, "She's doing this to have you in your son's life. Bucky, if there was another way don't you think she would have done that?"
I turn and walk away sitting down on a large rock, "How can we get Wanda to help when she's in hiding," I ask.
"I don't know, sweetheart. You know how dangerous it is for me out there and with all those people around I wouldn't be able to focus on anything but you," I reply.
"Sweetheart, stop," I say walking towards her, "We need him at full strength, we need him alive to save your father, to save our family."
"Lila," Thor says as she sits across from him and Jane in the small coffee shop, "you're alive."
When we heard about the satellite that crashed in New Mexico and saw images of it we knew it was Mjolnir.
"Rasputin," Bucky answers coldly, "it's Russian for
I stand there still looking at my hands, "I just don't think that anything can happen between us. We have to focus on Laura, and now with Clint knowing that he's my dad," I trail off at that part looking up at Bucky and seeing the hurt in his eyes.
"Dy-Dylan? How can you do this," Bucky whispers in a distressed tone, "How can you throw away what we have?"
"I'm sorry," I say quietly, "You're not dead to me. I don't want to loose you like we lost Laura today but it's going to take a lot for me to get through this. I know you have to be in here for a few more weeks, but after that I want you at the first appointment for our-our baby."
“Avery, what the hell are you doing here,” he says running to her side.
As if on cue the elevator doors open again and out walks Bruce. Everyone stands there in shock as the man that they haven't seen in years walk into the living room.
“Uncle Nick,” she says, throwing out the pile of garbage in her hands, “what’s up?”
"Wait you knew he wanted you to promise thing for this," Bucky yells at me.
“I will,” she says, turning and heading towards her building doors.
"It's going to, oh hi there sweetheart," Tony stops mind thought noticing Laura on the couch between her grandparents.
I go back to cleaning up the mess in silence. I put the broom back once the mess was dealt with and turn to talk to Bucky again when I notice that he's gone.
“Thor,” she asks questioningly, “You’re fine.”
"You were in a car with him for an hour of course he knows," Tony says, "you probably gave him the condensed version though."
I turn and start to walk towards the area that has my Dad and Natasha waiting. I get to the end and turn to face Pietro and Wanda as they walk towards us. I quickly steal a look at my Dad and see him wiping away a stray tear as Pietro reaches the front of our small area. A photographer snaps a couple of photos every now and then capturing the raw emotion seen between these two.
"Shhh, it's okay kiddo," Dad says when I lay down, "We're here for you."
Dylan is on the quinjet flying to meet her mother with most of the team.
I laugh pulling him into a giant hug. We stand there for a minute or two until mom walks over and joins the hug.
“Tony, you have to let me talk to him,” she says, “I can get answers out of him better than you.”
"B-Bruce," Tony says dropping the orb on the couch, "Is that you?"
"I have three, we both know Nathaniel," I say reaching behind Laura to place my hand on Bucky's shoulder to calm him, "I have another brother and a sister."
“Sorry about that, my uncle has something he has to tell me,” she says, “I’ll send Sarah in to do all the discharges. Thank you by the way”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I think to myself. "Are they going to be okay with having a ten year old live here?"
"Oh, okay. So in other words I'm keeping my friends close and my enemies closer," I ask trying to clarify what she just said, she nods in return.
"What do I call you now," Laura asks Clint as I bounce Nathaniel calming him.
Pietro sits next to me pulling me into his arms as I cry.
"No, I don't believe someone like me could ever have a soulmate," Loki replies as he drops my hand.
"I know this is a dump, but it's all we could afford sweetheart," I say as we open the door to our motel room.
"I know," he replies.
"Steve, you can't see me before our wedding it's bad lucky," Tony yells from behind one of his cars.
“I don’t know if what I saw was just a shadow that looks like you or if it was actually you, but I need you to know,” she continues, tears gathering at the corner of her eyes, “that I waited and I wanted to wait forever for you to come back. I don’t think anyone will ever hold the same place in my heart as you did.
"She is in love with that man and you force her to marry you to save him," Thor speaks softly now, "I know you care for the girl, I know how often you asked Heimdall to keep an eye on her but she does not share the same affection."
"I'd be the same way if I was in his shoes," I say smiling towards my brother and sister playing with my daughter, "It's so weird having a daughter around the same age as my siblings."
Like the chapter title says, where are you, Bucky?
"She can meet us quickly this afternoon," Ross says as he walks back into the office, "they're sending a ride for us."
"How can she marry him," I blurt out as soon as I turn to face her.
“Because it isn’t real until his funeral,” she says, “I mean just look at Dad, and Uncle Nick, both were pronounced dead and they kind of aren’t.”
"It matters to me because I heard the horrible things you made him do," I turn to him, still rocking Ras, "It matters to me because I swore I was going to hurt you like you hurt him. Laura, take Ras."
"Does he share the same feelings as you," Loki says out of the blue.
"I can meet up with Steve but it's risky," Tony says spinning a phone in his hand, "I'm on a short leash with the government right now."
"Oh, yeah. I'm okay, just" he stops as his voice catches, he looks up at me and turns walking out of the kitchen.
"What happened, Dad," Cooper asks me.
We sit there watching Laura and Nathaniel play on the swings. I see Nathaniel start to cry so I get up and help him out of the swing, I put him on the ground and Laura helps him walk towards Clint. I'm about to head back to my
"Loki, my love, you have been skeptical of a lot of people," Lila says, "but your father would not have him escort me if he was not trustworthy."
"Who is this now, Stark," Ross asks, looking over at the teenager.
Lila jumps up from her perch and pulls Loki back out to the beautiful Asgardian day. She takes a hold of his hand and they walk through the packed streets, enjoying the presence of each other and the silence they can comfortably have together.
“Just keep your head down,” he says as he runs towards the centre of the city.
“I should have never cut Sam and this Bucky guy free back in Berlin,” she says as her apartment buzzer sounds again. she goes over and press the talk button, “I’ll be down in a minute.”
"Okay, we're landing guys," Clint says, "Wake up whoever is asleep."
Dylan pulls Bucky away from everyone to talk about the kiss that happened when she was rescued.
"Shit, Jarvis zoom in on the front tire," I say staring at the screen.
"I know," she whispers, "and I know I'll have to do something about it at some point, but it's just a lot."
"It's fine, I'm fine," I reach my hand up intertwining our fingers, "James, we should move in together. I know it's sudden but I'm ready for this step."
I grab a pair of leggings and pull them on, reaching down I find my combat boots and grab them before quietly walking out of the room. I walk towards the common area where I hear Natasha getting pissed at Dad.
Ego smiles, motioning to something off in the distance. There is a rumble of a ship landing in the field next to them. Enskauja watches as a large, purple man walks towards them. He looks down at her, reaching out his hand for her to take it, smiling.
I start signing to him, asking about the team and how long everyone's been part of the team. He signs back answering without skipping a beat. We continue signing back and forth for a couple of minutes, until I see Pietro walk in. He notices that Clint is sitting with his back to the door and runs up behind him and grabs his shoulders. Seconds later Pietro is pinned to the table with a butter knife pressed to his throat.
He's about to say something when Pietro arrives at the table.
“Well that’s not the only common ground we have, the kid seemed to recognize you,” he says, “and he’s annoying so we can talk about how annoying he is.”
“I’m just worried,” he starts, “that if I tell you it will get back to my aunt.”
I walk into Laura's room and see that she's still awake. I walk over to her bed.
"Bucky was brainwashed," I state, "He chose to do those things, he chose to brainwash me and kidnap me."
"H-he's my dad," Laura asks. I uncurl my hands, knowing she bought the lie.
playing through my mind.
"Keep this on you at all times," she says, handing the case over to Lily.
"Be careful with that," Lily says, snatching it from his hands, "this is the only thing that will keep me alive when Thanos comes to collect this stone. One of the three he's missing thanks to you."
I start wailing on his chest, still crying. He stands there letting me punch him until I fall into his arms, sobbing harder now then I ever did in the past few weeks.
Dad signs to me.
"Oh, okay," Bucky says as we walk towards the elevator.
“Hello there,” the smooth sickening voice says out of this pale faced, green eyed, rain haired man sitting on her couch, “you really should lock your windows. The Captain is good at breaking in when things are left unlocked, isn’t that right, pet?”
"We could," he says, "it might pick up Wanda's energy as well. It would be better if we could have her down in the lab as well."
"Fine," she says, reaching her hand out, "hand it over."
She looks up about to reply when she realizes he’s gone and she’s alone in a dark alleyway in the worst part of town.
"I can't believe this," Lily yells, "I honestly can't believe this. Actually, I can because it's you, but I never thought you would do this type of thing to me, your brother yes, but me NEVER!"
"Normally, he shuts Steve out for a day or two. This has been the longest so far," he continues not seeming to realize my change, "Steve's blaming Tony because he saw Bucky and didn't get him right away."
"I don't want to loose you," I say to him, "I already lost my daughter, my whole life. I can't loose my whole family."
I pause looking into his brown eyes, the same brown eyes as Laura.
"It's going to track Dylan's inhuman abilities and help us find her," I tell Pietro in Russian.
When I wake up the next morning, the sheets on my bed are no longer the ones covered with blood. On the table are new clothes that I quickly change into, realizing that the ones I am wearing are blood stained. I sit on the hard chair and wait in the darkness for my meal, when I hear a faint voice.
These beings were in control of creating everything. There was one with a different affinity for each power used to create the universe. Five of these beings create a stone to harness their power, these are the five Infinity Stones know to us. The last being saw into the future they were trying to create and knew of the danger that was to come.
"This is amazing," Shuri and Peter both say as they look at the scan.
"You have this," Lily asks, pointing at one of the gadgets on a table.
Clint sits there staring at Laura, pausing for a while before answering me.
Before he can answer I feel a pair of arms wrap around my waist lifting me out of Pietro's way, I see the blue trail left in his wake.
"Why not? I mean it's not like we don't hear yours, for someone that fast you'd think he wouldn't be a screamer," Tony says handing out a beer to me.
Steve walks over handing me a plate of food, that I graciously shovel into my mouth.
"Laura, my dau-I mean our daughter," he looks into my eyes not letting me break eye contact, "has your eyes. She has your face actually, it was really hard to look at her for the first three months because all I saw was you."
"Nat, let him up. Iron Legion, hold onto him," I say walking towards Loki. Everyone one does what I asked.
"No," she says holding up her hand, "I have to take care of this on my own. It's a personal matter."
"It's fine, it was just a twinge. I'm fine," I interrupt him before he can go full panic, "Don't worry."
"You're really piss aren't you," I ask hoping up onto the island counter diagonally across from him.
"Heimdall, open the gate and bring us home," Lila calls out.
"It was, but that was the past," I say not missing a shot, "I'm not saying I forgive you for what you did, I don't know if I'll ever be able too. But when you were will to risk your life," I say this with the bow now by my side, "When you were going to leave to make me feel safe, I realized just how much you've changed."
2)do you want a one-shot of Stony's honeymoon.
“It’s just, I don’t do this much,” Happy says, motioning to the room.
"What's his name anyway," I ask.
She's about to stand up when Eric sits down across from her.
"We ran some tests earlier and both you and your baby are great," the doctor says giving me a sympathetic smile, "I'm sorry for your lost."
“I didn’t mean for this to start,” he says, rocking them softly, “I thought you knew and were okay with it. I didn’t know he didn’t tell you.”
“Just keep your head down, okay,” Steve says as she steps out of the Helicarrier, “and I’ll see you in New York, not before.”
"I don't care if you think having Steve talk to her will help," Tony says from the front of the jet, "Tonight is really important for us."
“I called Tony,” Happy says once they’re alone on the sidewalk, “he sent the suit. It’s bringing Steve to him.”
"You mean if we get engaged," I reply as the doors open.
"Sparky! Thank you for everything you did to help with this wedding," Tony says engulfing me in a hug.
"You don't have to wait long," this man says as he walks out from behind a tree.
"Lila, we should go, people are starting to look," the guard says.
"We were talking on the flight here, I never took it to heart. I honestly thought he was trying to joke around and show a humanistic side," I yell back.
"Fine," she says, "I will not be a warrior then. My queen, I would like to learn magic alongside you."
"I'm going to put Laura to bed while you guys take in what I just said," I walk over to Laura but am stopped but Pietro.
"You're not on your own anymore," he says as he cautiously puts a hand on my shoulder, "you're surrounded by family too."
I sign back before racing up and taking hold of Loki's hand.
"What's the commotion," Pietro says from the bar stool at the island.
"He's worse then Pietro," Bucky says from our spot on the couch, causing the whole room to burst out laughing expect for Pietro and Dad.
"Okay, what's the plan," I say defeated.
"You have you're inhuman abilities, one of which is healing not just yourself but others. If I return and he is not alive I will kill you and your daughter," the man said as he left.
"Another communication from Thanos came in," he says, as they fall into step heading towards Lily's office, "we've spent all afternoon trying to translate it. We got one word."
"Is she still awake," I ask.
"Know what," he asks.
I look into his beautiful brown eyes, feeling his arms around me, I feel at home. I'm calm and not on edge or high alert. I quickly close the distant between our lips kissing him lightly before pulling away.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH," I scream jolting up into a seat position, the sheets drenched in sweat, "Ahhh, ahh, ah. Jarvis, who else is up?"
Laura walks in and sits next to me.
He pulls me into a hug with his right arm, I hug him back holding back tears.
I hear a faint knock at the door, I slowly crawl off the bed and walk towards the door. I open it slowly squinting at the light from the hallway, I allow my eyes to adjust and see Tony standing there. I move enough for them to walk into my dark room, his arc reactor lighting up a small area.
“I have a pulse,” she yells, “it’s weak though.”
"Well, from the looks of everything," the Doctor says removing his gloves, "Your water broke and you're dilated 7cm. I'll be back in a couple minutes to prep you for pushing."
"You'd do that? You'd help a complete stranger?" I cut him off.
"The US government pretty much wanted to have control over us, send us out when they saw fit," Tony picks up, "Steve, Sam, Wanda and Clint didn't sign it. They continued fighting and became fugitives. We tried to stop them and Steve and Bucky got away, Rhodey got injured and everyone else arrested. One small thing though, there was a break in at the raft, Barton, Wilson, Lang, and Maximoff are missing. Agents have already checked at the farm and he's not there, actually an agent is staying there until they are found. We need the three of you, Dylan, Pietro, and Laura, to either sign this or retire. You can stay here, if you choose not to sign it, but aren't allowed to use your powers ever again."
"If you're going to be like this, I'm just going to take my hearing aids out and shut my eyes," Clint says as he sits on Pietro's lap.
“No, I’ve broken up with them right on the spot,” she says, “but you, you’re different. I know what you do is dangerous and you haven’t died from that so it’s unlikely that you’ll died from us agreeing to live together.”
I sit on the arm of the sofa and pull on my boots, lacing them up when Pietro comes back whispering something in Dad's ear. I hear a door slam and pissed off stomps making their way down the hall.
“Steve, can you stop leaving your dishes in the sink,” she hollers through the tiny apartment, “we’re going to get fruit flies.”
"Has he found you yours," I ask as we walk into the kitchen to see Steve cooking.
"Okay, one, you are a God," I say reaching my hand out and taking his, "and two, he doesn't have a say in my life, if he did I wouldn't have Ras."
“Papers,” she demands, walking into a little office space.
Steve blushes at that, "So who's missing," he asks again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Lily lifts the case that is sitting next to her and smashes it into the rock next to them. She stands, ignoring the screams from Happy and Ross, and faces Thanos.
I press the button to start the elevator again still holding Loki's hand. We walk out on the ground floor and make our way towards the stairs to walk back up.
"Laura, Cooper, Lila," I hear Dad say, "This is Dylan, our daughter, and Laura, her daughter."
"We made a terrible mistake," I say not turning around, "Call Tony and tell him I want to leave now."
“He’s 100 years old,” she says, “my dad was his biggest fan and I grew up with a fascination with him. When I met him after New York I just clicked with him and especially after I heard wind of my dad, Steve was the only connection to him left after Clint stopped answering my calls.”
"We're going on a trip, not a long one. We'll be back tomorrow," Dad says, "Laura is watching Nate for me, but we're," he says wrapping his arm around Pietro's waist, "We're going to get married and want you three to be there for it."
"No, you are not going to attack him," Pietro says pulling me to the other side of the room, "You are going to sit here and listen to Dylan. You are going to move past this as Dylan has."
Laura and Dylan are just getting used to living in this small dingy room, when there is a knock at the door.
“No, I can’t,” he almost whispers, “I can’t have you know who I am.”
"James, you are not leaving this base and asking me to come with you are you," I say standing up taking his hands in mine.
They walk into the common area meeting up with the small group of Avengers standing there.
Before Bruce can answer Tony pulls him into a giant hug knocking the man off balance. Steve quickly catches both of them before they fall.
Natasha walks to my side and starts asking her questions again, Malick answers this time as blue smoke is twisting around him. I feel the team staring at me as this is the first time that I'm using my truth ability. After Natasha has gathered the information the team needed, I see her walk out of the room followed by everyone but Steve, Bucky and myself.
"Glad to know where I fit in with you when you're pissed," Bucky says so softly I barely hear it.
"We couldn't be here without the love and support of our 'family' and our family," Pietro continues, "Laura, Cooper, Lila, and Nathaniel, where ever his is, I hope that you can accept me into your family as I hope me and Wanda can do with you. Dylan and other Laura, I want to thank you, seeing what you've been through and how much closer you are because of it, I know that it will be possible to make it through. Ванда, моя парных, я не мог быть кто я сегодня без Вас на моей стороне по поддержанию меня в правом и из тюрьмы. Я хочу защитить вас сейчас, как вы делали это затем. Я люблю тебя, сестра."
"I'm guessing you know, well everything. I mean Pietro said that you guys hardly have any secrets and that you'd probably find out anyway," I say as we look back towards the base.
“So this is goodbye,” she says, still crying, “this is my closure and my way of showing myself that I’m ready to have someone who is as amazing as you enter my life so I can continue to live it like we planned.”
"You! You foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach! How dare you do something like this," Wanda yells.
"What? I couldn't miss my best friend's daughters wedding," she says when she notices that everyone is starting.
"How do you manage to get out of an event put on but your work early," he asks as they step into the elevator.
"So in the next couple of days there will be a 7 year old, a 5 year old, a 3 year old, and two new born babies in this base," Dad asks as he picks up Ras.
I reach down and take her hand, "Lets go get ready for a wedding." We walk out of the room and go get ready.
"I'm fine, great, just waiting for tonight thought it'd be quiet in here since only a few people know," I say standing to look at them, "I'm going to go see Laura and Nathaniel, I'll see you both tonight, Dads."
"The Winter Soldier, I mean seriously Dad, shot Laura twice," I say shooting him a dirty look, "Once in the heart and once in the head, he shot her in the head first. She used her connection because she was scared, I felt her being shot.  That's what these headaches are, the same feeling as when Laura was shot."
"Ja-" I start.
“Hey, it’s me, Avery. I was just calling to say that I saw your shadow tonight and needed to hear your voice and feel like I am talking to you,” Avery says, as she paces through her apartment.
“It obviously isn’t me since I’m the one pissed about it,” she says, looking over at the lump asleep on her couch. She throws the dish towel at him causing him to stir.
He was happy when she showed up.
"I could just make you tell me, I do have the power to make people tell the truth," I say putting my dishes in the dishwasher.
"Yes," he leans in and kisses the top of his head before noticing me, "Dylan, you alright?"
"I want to thank you," I say again, lowering my hand, "As terrible as an event that was, you saved me. I was able to get away from Hydra and now I'm going to be on a team stand up against them."
It's been three years since Bucky and I got married. We decided that after the wedding it was a good idea for us to retire, move away from the base to raise Ras, and start a normal life.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Bucky, can you pass me Laura's hair brush," I call into the bathroom while I move behind Laura.
We walk out living Bucky in the cell, I walk into the viewing area with the rest of the team and am wrapped in a giant hug from Natasha.
I slowly walk towards the door tightening my grip on the gun. Once at the door I look through the peephole and see a familiar silver haired man standing there. I open the door and am nearly tackled but Pietro as he pulls me into a giant hug.
"Nothing, I didn't do anything," Bucky says looking at me as he's being pushed out of the room by Pietro and Wanda, "We were just talking."
He forcibly enters me, I scream out in pain and try to get away from him but he just puts more weight on me. He continues to rape me no matter how much I scream for him to stop or cry or struggle against him. After a while he reaches climax and releases himself, still inside of me, and gets up off the bed. He puts his pants back on and walks towards the door as I lay on the bed cover in tears and blood.
"You are, Roadrunner," I reply, he is taken back from the nickname. He's about to reply when a familiar voice speaks up.
"I-I'm here," we hear a small voice coming from a pile of wreckage.
"Lily, I don't think we can just bring him," Ross says, as they walk out of the building.
"Yeah, she just went to wake up Bucky," Pietro says from the other side of the island as Laura walks.
"That's the other thing," he says, "it's gone missing."
"Where is Thor," she asks as she starts up the ramp.
“Avery, this is a lot to take on,” he says, “you know you can’t tell anyone that he’s alive.”
I wake up the next morning and make my way towards the kitchen for breakfast. I walk in grabbing a cup of coffee and an apple and sit at the table trying to wrap my head around a former Hydra assassin working for the Avengers. I'm deep in thought and don't notice other people enter the kitchen until Clint sits in front of me.
The doctor quickly says something to the nurse, I start crying harder as the pain washes over me. I can't hear what my Dad is saying but I am able to hear sounds coming from his general direction. I feel the pain getting worse the more often I get contractions. I feel the doctor tap on my knee trying to get my focus back.
“Oh,” Matt says quietly.
"You want us to pick the Avengers or biological family," Laura asks.
"I'm not wanted here," I say coldly as I feel tears forming in the corner of my eyes, "I don't want to stay some place I'm not wanted."
"Hi, I'm Laura," Laura says reaching her hand out, "I'm your mom," she chokes out over tears.
She starts the engine and pull out of her parking spot never once looking into the rear-view mirror. Following the directions given to her in Russian short one worded statements until she’s told to pull off. They end up in a dark alleyway in a bad part of town.
He nods, and follows me into the kitchen. I close the door so we'll have some more privacy.
“I’ll do it,” he says, taking the needle from her, “safer this way.”
"Look familiar," Malick says over the PA system, "We kept the sheets and your clothes from when our Asset raped you."
"No," she whispers, "I met a man in Knowhere and he told me of all these amazing things."
"Wow, Stark you just thanked someone without it being laced with sarcasm," I say walking over to stand next to Steve for some photos.
"Where are you going dear," the voice asks, following her in the tree branches above.
We walk outside towards the jet that Tony flew to pick us up. We all pile in heading towards our old home.
Smiling, she politely shakes each one of their hands and tries to remember their names as they are said until she reaches his familiar face.
"Sparky, I didn't mean for you to go and cause an earthquake," Tony says from right behind my Dad, my eyes slowly starting to focus on them.
Dad erupts into laughter at this, I smile feeling like I did when I was seven. I stand there thinking of when I was younger and start to cry, earning mom standing there wiping away my tears.
"Was that why the small man from yesterday came by," Loki asks.
"I've asked Korg and Kraglin to move the ships out of here so we have full visibility of the base and surrounding area," Tony says, "whoever is here knows that Lily is here. They're going to be sending more people here to get to her so our goal is-"
"I'm going to, it's just going to take a while," I say smiling down as he slowly starts to move into a seated position.
"It's because of Bucky," he says after his suit powers up, "He attacked me and destroyed the lab. All he said was 'She's next, I have to bring her to them. Anyone in my way dies.'  I have no idea who he's talking about, it's either you or Laura."
"Lila is my Asgardian name," Lily says, not meeting Happy's gaze.
Lily walks over to the screen looking at the two blips, one of which is moving at an alarmingly fast pace. She jots down the energy-based information and walks back to her desk.
I send not looking at her reply.
She shakes her head and walks over to the opening with the guard. Turning back, she smiles at Loki as the passage opens and they disappear to Midgard.
He turn and walks out of the room shutting the door behind him, I calm myself knowing that my face is as red as Tony's Iron Man Suit.
She laughs at this leaning into him smiling at how calm it is at this moment. Then the moment stops. There’s a knock at the door, she steps away from him and move to answer it. She pulls open the door and see her father standing on the other side.
"Yeah, he's the man that just tried to kill us and right now we need him alive to answer some questions," I spit back.
"Dude," Peter says, "you should really hear what she's about to say. It's an awesome story."
"After, the story can wait," She says bouncing in her spot.
Dylan just told Bucky that Laura is his, will she do the same for Laura?
"So, I can figure out how to be rid of Loki once and for all," she replies.
"True, and it's really not their business when we getting married either," he says.
"Mind if I join," I ask on my way over to the chair furthest from him.
Pietro shaking from excitement pulls Dad in for a sloppy but happy kiss. Wanda, Natasha and I start cheering and clapping, we are then pulled into a giant group hug by the newlyweds as the photographer goes picture happy. We stand around getting as many pictures as possible before we walk back to the quinjet, pictures in hand. I walk to the front of the jet and start it.
"Pietro ran back to the house," Bucky says looking at his hands, "I asked him to get Laura for you, so when Tony lands the two of you can leave right away."
"Hey. We were wondering if you, both of you," Clint says noticing Bucky sitting on the bed, "and Laura would want to spend the day as a family in the park."
I turn and walk back towards my cell knowing that I have to act like I'll do what they'll say.
"Momma, it's fine. This is better then Hydra, and Pietro said he'd help us once he saw his sister," Laura says plopping onto the only bed in the room.
"No, no I haven't," he answers, looking around the playground quickly, "she probably forgot something in the car and went to get it."
"He's your dad too," Pietro says softly, "You need him too."
“Untying you and,” she says, looking over at the other person, “mystery man!”
"I am," he yells back, "there are just too many of them."
Once we land we are greeted by everyone. I walk off the jet and am pulled into a giant hug from my Dad and Pietro.
"Then why go under," he asks as his eyes slowly open, "If he cares for you, why go under?"
"Not really in the mood to hear them fight right now," I say walking towards my own room, "You two love birds keep it down okay? We don't need another Pietro in this base."
"Well, I just thought your sister should walk you down the aisle," Dad explains, "I mean Dylan is your Nat, yes, and since Nat is standing with me it only makes sense that Dylan stands with you."
"Hi, pumpkin," I say picking Laura up, "Shouldn't you be in bed?"
Lily rushes out of the room, quickly kissing Ross' cheek, heading in the direction of her office and leaving the four men behind.
"I'm going to kill him," I say to Pietro who's sitting on my bed.
"With Steve and Bucky, she wanted to help her dad," I say thinking back to last night.
I look over towards the bar and see Pietro there talking to Bruce about something, "He's proposing to Pietro tonight," I whisper to Bucky.
Laura's eyes brighten at this, "Momma, can we bring Clint and Nate?"
"Your getting married," Pietro exclaims, "You're not getting married before us and we're marrying in summer."
"What you're saying, is that, if I saved her before the battle of New York," Loki says, "If I met her and got to know her first, I would have been her soulmate?"
“You can’t,” Happy says, looking down at her, “if Loki is coming for you I want to be there to fight beside you. I know I don’t have to fight for you, but I can fight with you.”
Happy looks down into her eyes seeing the pleads she’s silently asking him.
I look around and see that the room is still a disaster, hearing a knock at the door. I crawl out of the bed and walk over to the door.
"Wanda," Lily says, pulling her into a hug, "I am so sorry."
"Yeah, hopefully tonight she'll finally sleep through the night," I say taking a seat on the armchair across from them, just as Pietro walks in and sits on the arm next to Clint.
I nod in return, not trusting my voice. I feel Pietro move closer to me and put his hand on my shoulder. I jump slightly at the touch but relax quickly after.
"You're a Kronan," Lily says, "how did you get on a Sakaarian ship?"
"Hey, that's my name," my daughter says.
"No, I got a headache," I say looking back at him, "It wasn't because of what you said, I've been having these headaches since Laura died. I've only had two panic attacks today, for the past three weeks I had five a day, now that I'm with you; now that I can look into your eyes and know that you're him, you're really the guy I fell in love with, I feel safer. I'm at home with you and I don't want to go back to that room ever again. I can't go back into the room I trashed that night, I need to be with you because we have a chance to start over as a real family."
"Everything fit," Tony calls through the closed door.
"Well, it was either hand it over to him or he was going to murder our people," Loki says, "it's bad enough we lost Thor, which caused the beast to throw a fit and launch himself off the ship right before we landed here, but we fled from Asgard to protect the people from Hela, so I had to hand over the Tesseract."
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," I scream out again in pain, "No, no surgery. It doesn't work-ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh-on me."
She sits there talking to her dad as an announcement is made, looking around she sees staff leading people towards exits. Standing up, she gathers her things and walk towards a bathroom and lock herself into one of the stalls.
*bzzz**bzzz*
“So it’s really happening then,” she says, eyes starting to tear up, “he’s really gone.”
"I-I wasn't in love, I didn't fall for him. The other guy, the other side of Bucky, came into that cell. He-he-he, um, he," she stops tears streaming down her face, "he raped me. I was caught off guard and didn't have time to react or fight back. I've been able to move past that and started to forgive him and we've been able to work together and get along."
He takes a step towards me, I tighten the grip I have on my gun, "James, stop. Please don't come any closer." He reaches up forcing me to lower the gun, his hand reaches up and wraps around the back of my neck leaning in. I feel the gun fall out of our hands, I look up into his eyes just as something snaps inside of them. He throws me into the wall behind him.
"Oh like hell I'm letting you be alone with her," Happy says.
"Can you come pick me and Laura up from Agent Barton's farm?"
“No, why,” she asks, following him to the desk.
Lily does as she is asked, shooting a concerned look in Ross' direction.
"Laura is his daughter," I say picking up from where he left off, "We worked together in Hydra, fell for each other and slept together once before he was cleared and sent on another mission. By the time I found out I was pregnant, he was long gone, handed off to another base."
He stands, his metal arm still pinning me down, and removes his own pants with one hand. When I realize that I can't stop him I start to freak out and try my hardest to get out of his grip. With each struggle I make his grip only tightens that much more. He's back on top of me positioning himself to enter.
"Sure thing," I say looking out the window at the horizon.
"I work for Shield, I'm an avenger," Bucky replies again.
"Hey, Sparky, why so pissed off looking," Tony says tossing Dad a beer from the fridge, "Metal Arm not letting you top?"
"Dylan-stuck-surgery," I manage to to pick up.
"Where are we," Laura asks once everyone is out.
"Did you just ask me to marry you, Old Man," Pietro asks once on stage.
"Right now," she asks, "I have to go get all my research."
"Thanks," I say walking to the trees and sit at the base of a large one producing a lot of shade.
"You're awake," Bucky says looking over at me.
I walk out of the open door making my way down the familiar halls, I'm about to make it into another room when I'm stopped in my tracks by a familiar voice.
"She tends to do what she wants," Loki says, "you get used to it."
I walk into my room looking at how bare it still is. I sit on the bed hiding away from the team, I hear knocking at the door. I sit there not moving to open the door, I wait and hope for them to go away but the knocking continues.
"Pietro, in the past year that we've been dating you've made me happier then I could have ever imagined," Clint continues, "I'm as happy with you as I was with Laura, and the only reason why that ended was because I discovered myself for who I truly am. So what I'm trying to say is, Pietro Maximoff will you do me the pleasure of marrying me?"
Watching she sees him reach the child and make his way back towards the life boat as the sounds of a quinjet flies over head. Looking up she sees that Ultron is flying the jet and using the machine gun.
"Korg, I think it'd be best if you hang out on the ship," Lily says, "the people from here are kind of judgmental and will think you're a bad alien."
"Pietro, get off of him," I yell, he doesn't move. I try again in Russian resulting in him standing up, still glaring down at the man, "What are you doing?"
"Dad," I ask walking over to him, "why are you here? Please don't tell me it involved Pietro in some way."
"No, there are none," he says, "Wanda got all traces out."
"He had his own planet," she says, "is this what you wanted to discuss?"
“Avery,” she responds as Tony comes into the airport.
"Shuri is prepping the lab," he replies, "and I needed to get away for a bit."
I feel Bucky tense when I talk about my family, knowing that he's worried they might try and hurt him like Clint did.
"I'm not sure. Last thing I remember is being in my closet and now I'm here fully grown," the familiar voice replies. I walk over to her pulling her into a hug now that I am able to see.
“It wasn’t me,” he says walking into the kitchen, “and Tony’s been upstate since Thursday so that only leaves you or Bucky.”
"T-that's why I-I'm crying," I say between sobs, "I'm crying because I'm happy."
"Gideon Malick, I told you we were coming for you," he says with a sneer on his bruising face.
"Yes, actually you get to meet all the Avengers, but first it's Natasha and Clint," Steve said smiling at how excited my daughter is.
We walk towards our room, knowing that once we get there we're going to start fighting.
“How long has that been going on,” he asks as she stitch him up.
"Yes, Dylan and I got very close when she was healing me," he answers, with a broken look on his face, "I know a lot about her past."
“Steve,” Bucky calls out, “can you catch Avery and get her to safety?”
"He's in his room," Wanda says to me in Russian, just as Dad walked in.
"It's me, Steve told me his code to get in so I could," I say walking towards the car, "you know get in. Come on, we have a wedding to get ready for."
"Why do you think I left movie night," Tony says, fidgeting with something in his hands, "I built this, it will trace her inhuman abilities."
"Lila, must you go tonight," Loki questions, looking over at the guard skeptically, "I do not trust the looks of the guard. He appears to be plotting something wicked."
"Shouldn't you let your best friend in to help with all the crap you're going through," Pietro says picking up the shirt I dropped, "I mean it is hard coming here facing everything but I want to be here for you."
"Shit, right, um human," she says, "it's hard keeping the different names for here straight."
"Of course, but Vision will be there," she says as he floats behind as we walk down the hall, "we have a connection that helps me understand technology and him real life."
I whip around quickly and knock the file out of his hands by accident. I look to the ground to where the file lays open, Clint leans down to pick up the file but abruptly stops. I notice his eyes focusing on the section listing my parents.
“I’m going to have to remove your mask, is that okay,” she says looking down at the first aid kit in her hands, avoiding his face.
“Please just promise you’ll come and help me,” Steve pleads as she gather her things.
"Sweetheart, this is your older sister Dylan," Laura senior introduces me to her, "and that little darling is her daughter."
"Okay, well," she says, "this is actually full of my people. They had to escape our home because of the end of days of it."
"Why am I going to be in there, it makes no sense," Dad speaks up before T'Challa can answer.
"Ready," Bucky asks as they open the door to walk out, he nods in reply with tears in his eyes.
"Jarvis," Dad is the first one to break the silence, "Where is Bucky?"
"What the hell is that," Bucky asks, my mouth still on his collarbone.
She takes in all of Steve, or what’s left of him that is. His face and body are thin, like he hasn’t eaten in months, the eyes that are usually so full of life are as empty and lost as the ones she saw in her review mirror in Washington.
I nod, knowing that Steve is right, and look up at Bucky.
Wanda turns to face Pietro sticking out her tongue in the process.
I storm into my room slamming the door closed. I feel better now, knowing that my mind is finally clear of Hydra but hearing everything Dylan said about me, about us, makes me pissed that he fixed me.
"Come cuddle," I whisper and feel the bed shift under his weight as he crawls in next to me. I curl up into his side and fall asleep and start to forget about everything that happened earlier that day and have a dreamless sleep.
"Pietro, I found something," I yell down to him. He's by my side in seconds and I point out the blood to him, "I want you to run that way until the blood trail stops or you find a body."
She walks into the elevator and makes her way to the nurses' station she always works from, stepping onto the floor she is cut off by Sean.
I smile meeting his eyes, he lowers his head meeting my lips again. We sit there in the kitchen, I see everything that happened since the wedding flash before my eyes. I jolt pushing him away hyperventilating with tears streaming down my face.
“Don’t you worry about that,” she says pushing him back down, “and I’m the worst person to ask anyway, haven’t left your side since you’ve got here. That was about a day and a half ago.”
"Are we just going to pass over the fact that Loki gave the Tesseract to this Thanos guy," Happy says.
"Father hasn't called you back to Asgard yet," he asks, looking between her and Jane.
"One of," Loki says, receiving puzzled looks from the Avengers, "you said the one person, he is one of the two people being kept alive by an Infinity Stone."
Lily and Ross walk back into Shuri's lab a couple of hours later to see her smiling and holding something very small.
"I'm here for you Momma," she says pushing my sweaty hair out of my eyes.
"Steve, I can't promise those things," Tony says looking down at his hands.
"Okay," Ross replies, trying to keep everything straight.
"Go on," Steve says.
"I need to know which shirt looks good with the tie Steve picked out for us," he asks holding up two shirts, a nice clean white one and a light grey one with a white collar.
After the door closes I turn to my Dad, "What's up? Why is the wedding such a touchy subject?"
Dylan found Bucky, but is it really him?
"Of course," he answers in his think accent, shifting into a seated position, "how was your day with Dylan and Laura?"
"And Drax, well, he's odd, and will murder you if you point that out," Lily says, "the only normal, and I use that term loosely, is Peter and that's because he's half Terrian."
She walks towards the edge of the roof, looking down at the mess below, she watches as Tony’s suits look through the rubble searching for any sign of anyone. Standing there she senses the presence of Steve and Tony just behind her.
“So where are you going,” Steve says as everyone from Sokovia shuffles off the Helicarrier.
Enskauja paused for a moment, trying to decide if she should be honest with him or not. Looking over at him she could see the hope in his eyes at her being the eldest.
"Why don't you ask your father to fly you back to base," Pietro ask.
"Because if means a possibility, when means it's going to happen," I reply.
"Dylan, Mr. Barnes is looking for you in your guys room," Jarvis says interrupting this moment.
"How goes wedding plans," I ask shifting to stay awake.
"Marry? Who's getting married," Pietro asks me and Dad.
"Stevie, what's the secret," Bucky asks out of nowhere.
"Are you implying that I told my friend that she has an Infinity Stone," Ross asks, receiving a nod in reply from Happy, "I'm not an idiot. I'm not going to say that over the phone."
"She is away on a mission, Sir," the AI replies, "but Dylan is just outside of the kitchen."
I smile, knowing I managed to successfully teach Tony to stop listening to my conversations, before walking out of the room followed closely by Bucky. I stop at my Dads room knocking on the door and walking in before I get an answer.
We fly in silence heading towards the coordinates of the base. I look at the picture in my hands, it's from the day Dylan told me and Laura about me being her father, I fold it in half and place it in the pocket over my heart.
"My friend actually had to be convinced to even allow Lily there," Ross replies.
"She finally stands up for herself," Thanos says, a sickening smile growing on his face.
"Oh, okay," Pietro says smiling.
"Sorry about jumping away from you," I say looking up at Bucky.
“Can you cover this last person,” Sean says, “I got to call my sister and see how she is.”
"I-I'm your dad," Clint asks looking up at me.
"Can we tell him now," Bucky whispers to me in Russian, so Pietro can't hear us. I nod, smiling at him.
Pietro has my son out of my arms as soon as the words leave Steve's mouth.
I stand there with the bow still lowered by my side. Bucky takes a cautious step closer to me.
I show up at Laura's door and see that it's still locked. I'm about to unlock the door when I hear someone walking up behind me. I whip around pulling a gun on the man I thought I knew.
"Mommy, why are you crying," Lila asks pulling on her dress.
"I'm sorry I just up and left," I say putting Laura down on one of the bar stools, "Mom, Dad, I want to thank you for helping out with Laura and I really want to start over with everything. James, I'm sorry I didn't talk to you before I left but I know that if I did I wouldn't have been able to leave, and Pietro, no matter what I said before I left, and I know it was a lot, you're my best friend and I will never shut you out like that again."
"Like this," Loki says, lifting the small case off her desk.
"Stay safe," Lily and Shuri say to each other as Lily leaves with the group, the pair smiling at one another at their concern for the other's safety.
"I don't want a big wedding, I had that before with your mother," Dad says looking exhausted from this conversation already, "Pietro wants something as fancy as Steve's and Tony's wedding and I just don't know if I can do it. I can't even mention, scratch that, think the word elope without getting the death-glare from Wanda."
"Scouts honour, sorry sweetie," she replies.
“Yeah, it’s weird. I still can’t believe my dad wants me to be closer to him,” she says filling out a chart.
I look down at her confused.
"Yeah, it's me. I couldn't let you wake up without me by your side, it's what we do, it's our thing," I say while crying softly, "They're going to make you better, okay?"
"Morning," I say rolling over so I can look him in the eyes, "Thanks for staying with me last night, it really helped."
"Yes, I don't live under a rock," she snaps back, "what about it? He's always been looking for them, it's not a big thing."
"And Clint," Pietro says digging his toe into the ground, "Can I see Clint?"
"I won't," I say so quietly I don't think anyone hears me.
"Where are you going," Bucky asks from his spot still on the bed.
"Thank you," she says, "I have to go make my travel plans."
Once he is sitting up he wraps his hands around my waist pulling me closer to him, "Don't change, ever," he whispers against my lips before kissing them.
Avery walks into her apartment, pulling out her phone as she does so, shrugging of her jacket. She dials the familiar number and presses call, she stands there waiting until it goes to voicemail, it beeps.
"Ahh, Agent Barton, how nice it is to see you again," Loki says once he stands up.
"I-I can control fire. Just in my hands though, no where else," I spill out like word vomit.
"Thor is quite the handful," he says, chuckling, "he will be a great king someday but an even better warrior. Loki is still not sleeping through the night, he will be our little trouble maker.
"I'm just saying we should bring Pietro or Nat along," he says sitting on Laura's bed, "I mean it doesn't hurt to be over prepared."
I look over to the two doors that both of them are waiting behind.
"I've been gone for most of the day and you only got one word," she says, exasperated, "who was working on it?"
"I think it's best that he doesn't know I'm helping," Loki says from his stance.
"Hey, kiddo," he says when he notices me standing there, "we'll be there in four hours."
“It’s fine, I’ll just order a pizza,” she says.
"These are the Princes quarters and I am sworn to protect the crown," she says, "who are you to give me orders?"
"Hey, Sparky, it's fine," he says helping me up, "It'll get better, tomorrow I'll let you go full crazy in the shooting range."
"Kid, no need to shout," Tony says as he walks into the lobby, followed closely by Lily and Ross.
“She did,” Fury says handing her a case, “keep it on you at all times.”
I sit down on one of the benches as Steve starts to fly us towards Bucky. It's not long after we take off that Loki is seated next to me resting his head on the wall behind him with his eyes closed lightly.
"Were you really serious about what you said this morning," Bucky asks as we get to my door.
"How about Clint for now," I say seeing her trying to figure out the right thing to call me. She nods in return.
“Shit,” Clint mutters, looking to the speedster.
I look over to the couch and see the fear in Clint's and Laura's eyes. I wrap my arms around my daughter and rock her softly.
The shouting got louder and more clear, "Ohhh, God. Tony please, we have tooooooooooo," I sit there and burst out laughing.
“Sam,” she says running over to where his voice came from.
"But the fact that he is now on this base," I say as I plop onto the bed, "The fact that he's probably right now sitting there with the team where I normally sit. He's phasing me out of my family, I bet you Ras calls him Dad before me."
Dad quickly signs to me.
Dylan is stuck translating Steve and Tony's argument with Bucky to Clint. She starts to see who he really is.
"D-Dylan," he asks looking up at me, "Is that you?"
"Of course," he says, "what information do you have?"
"How did you get small," Thor asks walking over to him.
"I didn't realize you'd be the one picking us up," Ross says.
"Yes, I am. Something happened out there though," I say to him right in front of Laura's door, "He was almost like the old him, it was like the Winter Soldier was back and Bucky was gone."
"No, Laura, that's not what she said," I walk over to her, "She just doesn't want to be the reason me and Cooper don't have a good relationship."
I stand there, staring at him.
"You know how I've been feeling sick ever since I transferred here," she asks, he nods in reply, "it's because of this," she says tapping her heart, "and Vision."
I'm being ushered into the living room by Tony.
Tony enters the room shortly after telling us that everyone was there. We stand up and walk into the hallway. Wanda walks into the room first, swaying her hips to the songs that's playing, Natasha and I walk in together in the same fashion as Wanda. The music changes to a sappy love song, I think
“So that finally happened,” she says as they jog towards the market.
“Ah, gotta get them dolla bills,” she says laughing, “go, I’ll cover your patients.”
"Yeah, Dad, you're going to be Grandpa-Hawk two point oh," I say tearing up with him.
She watches as Tony makes an array of faces at Happy, the latter not understanding.
We walk down the corridor and head towards the records room where Steve and everyone else was.
"She wanted you to help her get dressed," He says when I walk towards them.
"I'd like to explain everything but I have to go into the city," Lily says.
"Momma, why are we leaving," Laura asks looking up at me from her spot on the ground.
"How much longer until this movie is over," Pietro asks shifting under my stare.
"I love you too, James," I say before turning and walking to bed.
"Dylan," I hear someone yell from what seems like far away.
“It’s not mine,” she says look down at her hands and clothing covered in Pietro’s blood.
"This is why we're worried," Eric says handing over the translation from yesterday.
Before he replies Wanda rushes in, "Turn on the news Jarvis."
I push myself up from the couch and walk towards the kitchen to get a drink of water. I open the fridge and grab a bottle when I feel another twinge in my side, this time more painful than the first. I lean against the counter slowing my breath hoping to cease the pain, seconds later another twinge arises causing me to scream out in pain. Bucky is by my side in seconds of me loosing my balance.
"Yeah, I guess so," Tony replies, "It's going to be crazy."
“This is mystery man,” Sam asks once he’s freed.
“Have you lied to people about why you didn’t want to move in with them,” he asks.
"Wait, I can't see my husband or my sister until this law-thing is destroyed," Pietro speaks up.
"See," she says, "he knows how to help."
“Shit,” Clint mutters, moving to her side pulling her close.
"I want food," I say pouting from my bed, "I haven't had anything to eat today."
“Out,” the voice commands.
“So when do you want me to move in,” he asks, “my place is nice and all but you need to be here.”
Thanos peels his eyes away from Lily just in time to see Loki feet from him. He flicks his hand and Loki goes flying to the side, crashing into a giant rock that lines the driveway. Lily rushes to his side, pulling his limp body fully onto her lap. She brushes a strand of hair out of his eyes as they flutter open, meeting hers. Blinking away tears she sees Thanos approaching her and Ross running out of the base. Ross looks at the situation unfolding in front of him.
"I'm not going to help him until Dylan promises me a few things," Loki says coldly.
I see the hurt growing in his eyes at what I just said. I see Pietro's eyes shift from those of a friend to a defensive boyfriend. Before I'm able to backtrack and apologize we hear the sounds of a quinjet landing in the open field behind Clint and Pietro.
"What happened to him," I say placing my hand lightly on the glass.
“Hey kid,” she says, “now’s not a good time. I have company over.”
Lila looks around the bustling streets before her, smiling over at her guard. He leads her towards the main street, looking down at the map in his hand. She walks behind him, looking around at all the different sights. They end up at a hotel and walk into the lobby.
"So what if I am," Happy replies, "are you worried she could feel the same way?"
Hi guys,
I pace in front of the door of our shared room not knowing what will be on the other side when I walk. I stop looking down at the knob and turn it pushing the door open walking in. Bucky's there curled up on the bed, not seeming to notice someone entering the room. I walk over to his side of the bed sitting in front of him seeing that he's sleeping, I brush back the hair that's fallen in his eyes.
We sit there a little while longer in silence, before Steve excuses himself and heads in the same direction as Bucky. Pietro comes into the room and leaves almost as soon as he enters after Wanda said something to him in Russian.
“Thank you,” she says dropping her head onto his chest, “but something is bothering Steve, he said there’s more going on than just Bucky waking up.”
“So how long is this trial supposed to go on for,” Pietro asks as they hang out at the base upstate.
"One small thing," I say not looking up from my feet, "How are we supposed to get where we're going with a totaled quinjet?"
"Laura, go hide in the closet, just like we practiced," I said as I reach behind my back to grip the gun I have hidden there. I wait until I hear to door to the closet close, "Who is it?"
I turn and race down the hall towards the cell the Pietro told us about. I stand in front of the door and realize that I've stood on this side of the door 10 years ago, with the same person on the other side.
"My daughter is not going to marry the man that brainwashed and kidnapped me," Dad yells.
"Rocket, what is it," she says into the radio.
"LET GO OF HER! SHE'S JUST A CHILD," I scream at the man pulling my daughter away from me as I'm being strapped into a chair, "Please just let her go and I'll do what you want."
"I did, but he just whines and throws a hiss-y fit," Dad says, "It's like getting any of you to take your medicine when you were younger."
"We have to stay here for the night," he says, "the flower shop opens in the morning, we will go and get the flowers then return home. That will give us enough time to change for Thor's coronation."
"Jarvis, where did Bucky go?" I ask the AI system.
Dad falls off the counter from laughing too hard, I walk over and help him up. Tony looks down at the beer in his hand embarrassed, mumbling something about being sorry. Which causes me to start laughing, allowing Tony to loosen up some and start laughing at Dad for falling of the counter. We continue to laugh until Steve clears his throat from the doorway.
"Laura's down training with Nat and Wanda," Steve says, "I hope you don't mind, I assigned them to train her. I want her to learn how to fight like Nat does and Wanda controls her powers so well I just thought it would be better for her to learn that from someone that isn't her mom."
Before I can answer, Pietro is back and out of breath. I sit him down and wait for him to gather his thoughts and tell us what he found.
"Okay, sounds good," Happy says.
Unwillingly, she leaves the hospital and makes her way towards her car, the whole time feeling a set of eyes follow her every move. She quickens her pace and gets to her car unlocking it and jumping in, bumping her rear-view mirror as she does so. She repositions her mirror to see a pair of empty tires eyes in her back seat, slowly she starts to turn to face the anonymous eyes but is stopped short but the pressure of a gun held to her side.
"I went missing when I was seven," I say meeting his eyes, "We just met again about two years ago."
Lily stands in the doorway listening to Everett and Happy fighting, silencing Bruce and Thor as they quietly walk out of the kitchen.
Ross nods and runs off into the base, causing Happy to shoot her a concerned look. Lily waves it off and turns back to the man walking out of the woods. The man who is being charged at by Loki, Lily looks towards Thor with panic in her eyes.
"They're my uncle and aunt then, right," Laura ask, I nod, "Do I have to start calling Nate uncle?"
I race after him but can't catch him. I walk towards the common area and flop onto the couch just as Pietro and Dad walk in to see all the decorations that are up.
"It must be from her mother," Peter says.
I'm really glad you guys enjoyed this one, again this is one of the first times I'm putting my writing out there.
Bucky is taking care of Laura, while Dylan is gone. This is the longest he's been with Laura since he found out she is his daughter.
"What," he asks confused.
“There we go,” she says, leaning against the counter next to Sarah.
I sit there moving away from Laura so I can look at Pietro, "No he didn't attack me," I answer back in Russian so Laura doesn't know what I say, "I told him, I told him about Laura being his."
Before he can answer, the colour in his face drains and he is on the floor passed out. A nurse comes in and moves him to another room.
"I know, it's just Bucky's going baby crazy and I needed an escape so I come down here to relax," I say looking up at the two men, "I was hoping you'd be just finishing up though, I need to steal my best friend away."
“What did you do you bitch,” Loki spews at her from the ground.
"See you have your ideals on marriage," Pietro says, "and I have mine on weddings, they should be a huge ordeal celebrating two people coming together. I'm not going to change that."
I walk over to her, not really knowing exactly what I'm doing, and pull her into a hug and start crying just like she was.
I turn on my heels and walk out of the kitchen, I don't turn back when I hear a crashing sound in the kitchen. I walk back to my room with tears streaming down my face.
I pull her into a hug as she starts to cry, "She's pushing herself away for our family," I say calming her, "She's being a stubborn little ass just like me."
Lily sits in the kitchen looking at the documents in front of her on the table, she pays no attention to the conversation happening between Happy and Rhodey. On her tablet she types out a few notes from what she has read, it's not until she's being pelted by cereal that she looks over at the two of them.
“You’re the reason why he still has a chance,” the woman asks, “he’s the only family I have left.”
“So you want me to come with you to hide away from a stupid little god,” she says.
"What the hell did you just do," I hear Pietro yell at him as Dad comes and calms me down.
We stand there in silence for a while. Pietro paces while holding Ras with a worried look on his face. I see Laura trying to calm herself to keep control of her powers. I collapse to the floor thinking of what my last conversation was with my Dad, with Wanda, with Bucky. I'm about to speak up when an alarm goes off on the jet.
"PERIMETER BREACH! PERIMETER BREACH!"
“Are you okay, you’ve hardly touched your food,” Happy asks halfway through dinner.
"Sorry," Bucky says holstering his gun, "I should have offered, but seeing him lock you in that cell again just pissed me off."
"Who came by yesterday," Tony asks, looking at Happy.
"I don't want to talk about. See you soon."
I pull away from the hug and move towards the door, with my bag in hand, "Keep her safe, while I'm gone," with that I walk out of the room and leave the base, not turning back when I hear Bucky or my daughter calling my name.
"Why don't you go crawl back into the hole you slithered out of," Happy snaps at Loki.
"Yes, Hawaii, wedding," I answer while being squeezed.
I quickly jump behind the screen and change into the dress, it a simple pale blue dress to match the colour of the flowers that are decorating the aisle. I step out from behind the screen and walk over to Steve.
"Yeah, I can't be around this right now," I saw motioning at the space between us, "I can't be the reason your son and you don't have a good relationship."
We called to Heimdall with the flowers in our arms but there was no response.
"Come in," Bucky yells as he shifts to sitting on top of the covers, giving the illusion that he just got there a few minutes ago.
Lily nods, then turns her head back so she's looking up at the ceiling rather than at Ross with an awestruck Peter standing close by, looking over his shoulder. Shuri turns on the machine and it scans Lily, once it's done she motions for the group to follow her. She pulls up the scan and zoom in on Lily's heart and the Infinity Stone tangled within it.
"Dad, we have some news we want to tell you," I say to him, as we sit around the table in the kitchen, "I need you to keep an open mind, okay?"
Bucky picks me up in both of his arms carrying me towards the medical wing as fast as he can.
"Thank you, Groot," Loki says, as he walks into Lily's office.
"No, you were just muttering 'fell for' over and over," he asks, moving closer to me, "is everything okay?"
"I'm crazy about you Dylan," he whispers, I jump out of bed flying into his dresser, "Shit, okay. Dylan, shhhh. I'm sorry, please breathe for me. I know this is a panic attack and I know it's because of everything I put you through, I'm sorry."
"What was that about Agent?" Steve asks confused.
I slowly unlock the door and pull it open, her head lifts up from her hands. I see as her eyes lighten up at the sight of us. She runs towards me pulling me into her arms, engulfing me into a giant hug. I hug back picking her up, not realizing that I'm crying until she wipes away a tear as she looks into my eyes.
"You aren't that strong," Happy says.
"Did I talk to you," Tony snips.
"Don't go back to him. Don't go back to someone who will hurt you that much," he replies, "Be with someone that won't hurt you."
"Steve, I'm fine," I say resting my hand on his shoulder, "The headaches are gone, our son is fine, yes Dad knows."
“But I think we’re ready too,” she says, cupping his cheek in her hand, “if we’re weren’t I wouldn’t have told you the truth.”
"Twins," Bucky and I ask at the same time, he kisses the top of my head as I feel tears streaming down my face.
“Why don’t you just pick it up on your way back from dropping off Tony,” she says gaining a smirk from Tony.
“One hour left,” Sarah says bumping her hip as she joins Avery at the counter of the nurses’ station.
Steve waits with Dylan behind Bucky as Natasha starts walking down the aisle. He watches as Bucky starts walking, he quickly looks down at Dylan who gives him a reassuring look. He looks up and see Tony standing at the end of the aisle looking up at Steve as they make their way towards him. Dylan and Steve reach the end of the aisle and she smiles at both of them before taking her seat next to Laura and her family.
She nods as the doors slide open and two people walk in and a gurney follows them.
"You walk out of that room with him," Dad said, "We won't be a family anymore."
"B-bucky hugged you," Steve says now turning his attention to the man seated behind him, "Why did you hug her?"
“I can’t. If you need help from someone so badly call your boyfriend,” she says as she opens her door and walks out, slamming it behind her.
“I can’t come back,” Happy says stopping in his tracks turning back to look at the woman he loves.
“Life is treating you well,” Loki says to her father, “so sad that it will end tonight.”
"Right away, sir," The AI system responds, and then starts dolling out different jobs for everyone.
"What the hell, Bucky," I say while on top of him, "This isn't you. Why are you attacking me?"
I pull the phone away from my ear staring at it.
“Okay, so let me know when you get to Berlin and I’ll be there with the team,” Steve says, “that way it’ll be easier for when all hell breaks loose.”
"He is the scum of the earth," I whisper under my breath in Russian as someone knocks on the door.
"Bout time you and Cap get married," Bruce says once Tony releases him.
"I mean, last year I was living in a crummy motel room and now I'm here, in the Avengers base," I say after I stop crying, "I just had my daughter for the longest time and now I'm becoming really close to the one man I never wanted to see. I'm meeting my family all over again and am causing my younger brother to hate our father.
He nods and walks outside, Lila walks over to the bar and pays the tab. As she makes her way to the door she hears a commotion outside. She pushes through the door and sees the guard, her only friend in this realm, shot dead by an arrow. Looking down the alleyway she sees a sandy blond-haired man running away from the scene, carrying a bow. Lila stands and chases after him, she sees him pull open a van door and climbs in.
"James," I start, "Sorry, right Bucky."
"I do care about her. I've never cared about someone as much as I care about her," Loki screams towards Dad, "I can't stand to see her with someone that causes her so much pain that she can't even talk about what happened."
I sit there a few moments longer waiting to make sure that they're gone. I stand up and start walking to the nearest bus stop, this will not be the first time they look for us.
I look around the room,
"Rhodey, what happened," I ask interrupting Tony.
“You weren’t coming when I asked nicely so,” he says grabbing her upper arm pulling her up from her seat, “Happy, I suggest you don’t get up and don’t think about following us.”
"I won't go back with him," I say looking at my hands, "I'll marry you. Just please help him like you promised."
"T'Challa, thank you for letting me bring my team along," Steve says walking up to the man.
"I need you to translate this," he says, sliding a tablet across the table.
I stand and follow behind with Wanda, she gives me a questioning look at how tense it is between me and Bucky and I just shrug.
"Brother, what do you plan to do about it," one of the beings asks.
"Everything okay," Laura asks, "Why aren't you in there with Pops?"
"It's fine," she says, "all that matters now is keeping you safe."
I feel an arm snake around my waist as we stand there. I look over and see Loki smiling down at me.
"Terrian," They all ask.
I sign back
"I've never actually seen the Infinity Stone," Lily says as she examines her own heart, "it looks like there is no easy way to remove it."
I stand next to the containment unit that has Bucky in it, I notice that his metal arm is completely gone.
"Long story short, that means I'm still betrothed to Loki," she says, "Thor is now the King and he's who I have to convince to release me from this."
“Surgery,” Clint says from where he’s standing, eyes not moving from the doors they took Pietro through, “and it’s because of me. Just like Phil.”
"Normally, you hear Tony ask Jarvis to make the room sound proof," Natasha says after we all sit down, "That's when you know they're about to get it on, today he didn't."
"You still are one, even with retiring," Steve says as he hands out waters to everyone.
"Yes I am," I say looking between our stomachs, "I still think it's weird that you asked Laura to be your surrogate, but who am I to judge?"
"Oh, are you now a big fan of him," Loki sneers, "At one point you wanted him dead like you want me."
"Well it's a long story that I don't want to explain," Lily says, "and it has a lot of different branches."
"I see you and your daughter are alive," a man says, "and if your file is correct, that's your father sitting there too."
"Thanos," Ego says, "I knew you'd come to me sooner or later."
"Really guys," she says, "what caused this outburst?"
“No clue, Pietro,” Steve says, “but we have to figure out a way to get the civilians out of here first.”
"I am Groot," Groot replies, smiling a bit.
"Shouldn't Heimdall know that she's alive," Jane asks before Thor can answer.
"Bruce, could we tweak this to limit it to the energy from the Mind Stone," she says, "since we know his specific energy."
Before I allow Steve to answer I push open Laura's door and am embraced in a hug from her.
"You called me dad," Clint says taking a step towards me, "again."
"You're not going to believe me," he says between staggered breathes, "but I found him, and he's alive."
I struggle against the hold of the men. I notice the glow of a screen over the shoulder of Malick,
"Thor has no children, so I ask again," she says, closing the space between them, "who is second in command?"
"You're just out to destroy all your relationships, aren't you," Pietro says taking a step back from me.
We move around and take a few more shots, some with just Steve, Tony and Wanda; others with Steve, Tony and myself and then some with just Wanda, me and one of the grooms. We walk back towards the reception talking and joking around. I walk in with Wanda as Steve and Tony wait to make a big entrance, Tony's idea.
"We're taking her to the medical wing," Wanda whispers to me, "Tony will be here soon to help you to the medical wing to get your leg checked out."
"Sounds great, your mother is just finishing up breakfast for everyone," he says turning to face me now, "Laura is already there so we'll see you when you two are ready."
"Are you really going to do that, Dylan? Just because they won't tell you what's going on with your dad, or where I am," Bucky says from the doorway.
“It’s your dad, he got hurt,” Nick says quietly.
"Don't be upset but Pietro told us about your healing power. That's why we're offering you a spot on our medical staff," Steve spoke up, "You don't have to take it but we will protect you either way."
"She's the reason why we are here today, please welcome my best friend and new step-daughter, Dylan," Pietro finishes.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“We buzzed up but there wasn’t any answer,” Dad says when she shoots a confused look in his direction.
"It didn't seem right," I answer as Steve, Dad, Wanda and Loki join us.
The room stays quiet waiting for me to reply. I look over at Pietro and Wanda, they nod in response to what Steve just said.
“But I’m just paying for a pizza for her,” Happy says, looking back at the smaller man.
"He knows," I say wrapping my arm around his shoulder, "He just doesn't know that he knows. That's part of our new connection, we can place information in people's head for them to find later. Don't give me that look, he'll 'remember' it tomorrow."
"Once Tony tells me that the law is abolished, I'll get him to build Buck a new one," Steve replies.
He sighs, reaching into his pocket taking out a packet of papers and a pen handing them to her. Avery reads through it quickly then signing the signature line, she hands them back to Nick.
"N-no, I can't," Bucky says not looking up.
"19 weeks, I'm still in the second, ouu," I say feeling a twinge in my side.
"I'm going to be a grandfather again," he says tears streaming down his face.
"What," Clint asks.
He signs back as Natasha walks into the room.
“Don’t be. I’m sorry this happened to you and I don’t want to meet the person that did this,” she says, not looking up at him, “what’s your name?”
"How was your workout, babe," Dad says walking over to kiss Pietro on the cheek.
We all stand there for a minute in silence. I look up at Steve and he nods, I walk out of the kitchen and head back towards my room. Once in my room, I turn on the shower, step in, sitting on the floor and start crying as I let the water wash over me.
"Do you want me to get Steve, so you can talk to him about it?" I ask as I dump the first pile of garbage into the waste bin.
“We know,” Steve says, “and that’s the scary part of all this. You didn’t need anyone right after it all happened.”
"You okay," Steve asks me as I make my way to Laura's room.
"Why do you need that," I say from the elevator.
"That's our baby," I say as I kiss his hand. The doctor moves the censor around a little more and we hear another sound,
"Jarvis, how is Dylan sleeping," I ask the room.
"We get in a couple of hours ago," Clint says, "Lila and Cooper are getting a tour from Laura, your Laura sorry, and Nat is with my Laura helping her unpack."
"Shh, it's okay. You'll be okay, I'm here to help. I'm Dylan, please don't hurt me I have a daughter. I'm trying to keep her safe and to do that I have to bring you back to life," I say to the man as his eyes flutter open.
"Thank you," she says, "it was just a small fight between siblings, nothing serious. How are Frigga and our princes doing?"
"Dylan, I understand that you want to focus on Laura and get to know Clint all over again as your father," he says as he walks over to stand next to me looking out the window, "but there comes a time in your life when you have to do something for yourself."
"Where is it now," Lily and Rocket say.
I stand there watching them as they take everything in.
"They are really happy about it. Nathaniel cannot wait until he's an older brother," Dad says as the five year old walks in.
"Actually," Loki says, "he came for us, for the Tesseract."
"Still achy and my head ache is getting worse," she says, "there is nothing in these medical books that can help me diagnose a cause. The symptoms do lessen when I'm not around Vision."
Dylan wakes up in another cell at Hydra, this time is won't do what they want.
"There is an abnormal radio signal in Crimea," the AI continues.
"You won't what," Bucky asks from his spot still on the table.
"What," he says turning to face me.
"You knew," I ask, caught off guard by the question.
"So just a heads up," Lily says, "Rocket and Groot are a little different."
"That's not important now. What's important is that no one else tries to kill Loki until after Bucky is better," Steve says sternly towards everyone, "Is that understood?"
She feels a set of arms, ones that don’t belong to Steve, lift her off the ground and carry her into the tower. She’s too consumed by her grief that she can’t hear the words coming out of anyone’s mouth until she hears the familiar voice of her father. Rushing toward him she breaks down even more than she has as she feel the familiarity of his arms holding her.
I sit there nodding taking in everything. It's crazy to believe that we're finally safe, that we don't have to run anymore. I've finally filled the promise to Laura that I'd keep her safe and we'd get a normal life soon.
We stand there waiting for Bucky to say something, but he doesn't he just storms out past all of us. I'm about to run after him but am stopped by a giant hug from Pietro, which is shortly joined by Laura and Dad. I look over Pietro's shoulder and give Steve a pleading look to go and find Bucky, he races out with Tony close on his heals.
"Dylan," Bucky says as he rest his hand on my shoulder, "Tell him that you want to see Laura first and then you'll tell him everything."
She stands up and helps other people to their feet as a red, white and blue blur flies past them. She turns, looking in the direction that it came from to see Steve standing there fight a robot next to him. He looks towards the direction of where his shield went, noticing Avery as he does so.
"It was fine, he's talking to Dad in the kitchen now," I say taking the book from his hands placing it on the nightstand behind me.
"Rett," she says, ebbing caution in her voice, "these are my friends you're talking about. You know the rule."
"I have a connection with Momma. I can talk to her and she can answer, but it's in the mind. Like a mental connection, but only I can start it not Momma," Laura says as she fiddles with her hands.
They all break into a jog and head towards the base where the others are fighting. Lily looks around at the scene before her and notices how close they are to beating this wave of aliens. Out of the corner of her eye she sees a ripple in the trees, the next thing she sees in Thanos walking out of the trees. He looks in her direction, smiling when he finally lays his eyes on her. Lifting his hand in the gauntlet he shows off the empty spot, the one empty spot.
“Looks like stitches,” she says sitting across from him, “you have to be out of here in a few minutes, Happy’s on his way here.”
"Love, no matter what level of it, is something that can endure anything," Dad picks up after Pietro starts to cry some, "In this line of work, love for anything can be used against you. The couples we have here, the families that are present, show us that we can make it through anything. Tony and Steve, thank you for showing us how to love with all the fighting; Dylan and Laura, thank you for showing us how to be a family through all the torture; Cooper and Lila, thank you for showing me how much distant can make a family stronger. Thank you everyone, and let's party!!"
I stand in the shoot range not shooting a single practice shot. I stare at the gun on the floor that I dropped halfway through my freak out. Steve left when I didn't reply to him when he asked if I was okay.
"You need to let her come to you," Pietro replies, "She's dealing with a lot right now."
I stand and place my hand on the handle to the cell, "Will you visit me while I'm still down here," he asks right before I leave.
"You're leaving the base," I hear Pietro
Dylan, Pietro, Clint and Bucky make their way to meet up with the rest of the team and head back to the base when the truth comes out.
“You have to come with me, to help Bucky,” Steve says.
When in the room I take the paper gown and head to the bathroom to get changed. I walk back into the room and hop up on to the examining table.
I walk up crouching beside him a place my hand lightly on his shoulder. He lifts his head sightly and I'm able to see his face. I've seen this look many times, mostly when looking into my own mirror.
I nod, not trusting my voice as I feel my eyes burn with the familiarity of tears. I feel Wanda pull me into her as I start to cry, I don't know how long it is after I start crying before Wanda slowly puts me to sleep. Once asleep I feel a wave a calming relaxation wash over me before the door opens and closes as Wanda leaves.
Th AI system does and I notice a metal bar being shot into the wheel.
“I’m not the ones who decided to be overprotective,” she says, “I was just raised right and knew there was no point arguing. It’s been three months; I can take care of myself.”
"Lila, please," Loki pleads, "can we talk about this in private."
"Actually, I'm the only one that isn't enhanced or inhuman," Dad replies walking over to hold Ras.
"Well, tomorrow, we're going on a trip," I say, while motioning for Bucky to sit on the other side of Laura, "We're going with Pietro, Wanda, Natasha, Nate, and Cl-my dad. We're flying to his old house and are meeting my mom and my other siblings."
He moves his head far enough back so he can look into my eyes. I smile at him before kissing him, he kisses back softly at first but changes into a passionate lust filled kiss. I start walking backwards towards the bed pulling him with me, he follows running his hand up under my shirt smiling into the kiss. We reach the bed and fall backwards Bucky landing lightly on top of me, I wrap my legs around his waist as his tongue brushes against my lips. I open my mouth allowing him to explore my mouth as I explore his, I roll him over so that I'm laying on top of him. He pulls his head back just enough to say something.
I stare at her confused for a second. I think I want to know why I asked Bucky to stay.
"Umm, it's not me and Bucky getting married," I say looking down at the ground, "Me and Loki are getting married. Before you say anything else, just know that I won't change my mind, so if you won't plan it, I'll just ask someone else that won't judge this."
"Yes, I've done my research. No thanks to your father," she says, "but I now know the truth about me."
"Wonder twin," Tony and Bruce say, "there's only one."
"Okay, last question," Steve says bringing me back to reality, "Are there any traces of Hydra orders left?"
"Lila," he says, stopping the pair in front of the steps to the library they spent most of their childhood together in, "I must confess, this gift is a little selfish."
"But my king," she protests as her belly grows more.
“Yeah,” she says as she cut him free.
I hang up the phone before Tony can say another word. I turn back to Bucky who's stand in the field behind me alone.
While in the hug I feel the sense of home coming back, which releases me into another round of tears that Bucky is hiding from the rest of the team until I'm calm again.
"Okay, another jet is on it's way to this location," Steve says as Pietro hugs Wanda, "Once it gets here we'll head out to the facility that is holding Bucky. Wanda and Loki will work together to make sure all traces, and this time we do mean all, of Hydra are gone so he can get back to his family."
"Three weeks of clearing your head," He spits back at me.
"Dylan, Dylan are you awake? Can you hear me," Bucky asks as my eyes slowly open.
"Well, if you let me do it today we can have the Infinity Stone out in a couple of minutes and you back on your feet within the hour," Shuri says, as she shows test results and scenarios.
“He tried to take you as a hostage and you want to talk to him,” Tony says, walking through his lab.
"Dylan needs her parents, and you need Laura's help with Dylan," Natasha answers, "So I made a decision to bri-"
"Come on, we have to go wait in their room until the party now. Pietro and Tony planned this be entrance for tonight and want us included," she says dragging us towards Dad and Pietro's room.
"Good, because I need your help," she says, "because Odin wasn't the one that called me back to Asgard, he wasn't the one that released me from my responsibilities."
"Anything but normal," Bucky replies.
"Uh, no," Pietro says, "the paper told me."
“How,” he asks looking between Avery and her father, “I heard Thor tell the story watching his brother stab him in the chest.”
"He is away at the moment," Happy says, "but I'm second in command."
"So? He always disappears only to show up again," Tony says, "no big thing."
"I'm staying here no matter what," I say while rocking Ras.
"No. We're getting married at the base," I reply.
"Sparky," Tony yells from the open hatch, "Let's go, I have a date tonight with Steve and I cannot miss this."
"Nothing, I don't think I can laugh anymore and still have control of my bladder," I say walking over to the bar stool behind the island.
“My boyfriend that passed away,” she whispers, her eyes tearing up, “he passed away the night right after we decided to move in together.”
"Can you translate for him," Pietro asks, moving closer to me.
Before we can say anything else Pietro rushes off with Clint in tow. Wanda, Bucky and myself walk back inside together. Wanda waves to us as she enters her room.
"Why," she asks turning to look at him as they walk towards their respective cars.
"I take it the talk with Dad didn't go well," I say pressing the emergency stop button, "Tell me what happened."
I jump out of the bed hugging Steve and then Tony, "Congratulations guys, you're going to be really happy together."
I sit there in silence not trusting my voice to say anything more without breaking completely. Loki reaches out and cautiously takes my hand, rubbing small circles on it trying to show compassion. I give a small smile his direction as the jet lands in the clearing, we stand up and walk in together.
Lily drops the medical book she's looking at once Everett says those few words. She quickly says her goodbyes and hangs up the phone, asking FRIDAY to get Eric for her.
I walk down the stairs that lead to the training area and hear practice shots coming from the shooting range. I pause by the window that allows us to look in and see Bucky there shoot at a far target, once the light shuts off indicating that it's safe to enter I slowly pull open the heavy door.
"Someone made the crash happen," I say to no one, "Someone wanted Bucky either dead or injured enough to capture."
Loki takes a step towards her, trying to show a form of affection. Lily puts her hand up, silently telling him to stay away. He tries again, she pushes her hands towards him resulting in an energy surge blasting him across the room. Lily, after realising what just happened, rushes to his side looking for signs of injuries.
"Not her Barton," he says, as the smaller man climbs into the van.
The door opens and he walks out. After he's been gone for a couple of hours I slowly sit up, resulting in a lot of pain, and grab my clothing. I turn off all the lights in the cell not wanting to see anything in that room and curl up in the far corner on the floor and cry until I slip into a sleep littered with the nightmare of that evening.
"Bucky. Bucky's the one that's missing," I say fighting back the urge to cry, "He got in a crash the night of your wedding and no one has been able to find him. All that was found at the crash was your bike and-and-"
I walk over to the couch and hand Clint Laura, "I'm going to talk to Tony, you stay with Grand-pa Hawk okay?" She nods curling up into her grandfathers side.
"What's so funny," Pietro asks as he opens the beer he just took from Tony's hand.
I'm about to say something when Pietro cuts me off, "Go talk to him, he needs someone comforting him more then me."
We walk upstairs into the common area where Natasha and Wanda are with Nathaniel.
"I-I'm so sorry," he says as the tears over flow, "I shouldn't have left the base when I read your note. I should have gone and looked for you and drag you back to bed. I don't want to loose you, I never want to feel alone again. Dylan, I'm sorry for all the shit I put you through."
"You said children," Dad says once the door is open, "Is there something you're not telling me?"
"Lily, I'm not here for a personal visit," he says, "I'm here because of this ship."
"Yes, no. I'm not sure," I say pouring both of us cups of coffee, "I don't want to be there but I know I need to be there."
Before I answer, Dad and Pietro showed up. Bucky gives a timid smile to them.
"MOMMA," Laura yells jumping up from the couch racing towards Dylan.
"Of course, you'll just have to bring us back our Asset," he says pausing, "once you've been cleared and brought up to our new standard."
I pause, remember that phone call that happened a month ago. I walk towards him hands up in surrender knowing that if I put up a fight that Laura would be hurt.
I hear the door to lab open and ignore whoever just walked in. I start the footage over again, going frame by frame when Bucky losses control.
"Okay," he replies, more hurt then when I got mad at him after I left, "I won't tell anyone else about our son."
"Tony tried to take us in," Steve replies with a broken tone, "The three of us fought and Bucky lost his arm. I'm sorry Dylan."
She walks over to us shaking his hand. After looking around the room I notice that there is a small crowd entering the kitchen. Steve walks over to Tony sitting on one of the bar stools, wrapping his arm around the smaller man.
"I can't believe this," Lily yells, "I leave for like a day and you completely fucked up."
“He’s gone,” she says, “left before I finished talking.”
I hop onto the counter pouting at him, knowing that he's right. Steve chuckles to himself as he continues to make breakfast.
"We'll get out of here together," Clint says as he sits next me, "Laura will get both of her parents back. It's scary, first mission leaving your child at home."
“It’s okay, I have to go to work anyway,” she replies, “Love you, dad.”
"This is serious, Captain Fancy pants swore," Bucky says getting up walking towards the playground to gather up Cooper, Laura, and Lila.
"Please, my king," Lila pleads, "let me go to Midgard and get this flower for my wedding to your son, that you arranged."
"Buck, open up," Wanda says from the other side of the door.
I walk into the kitchen with Clint and Bucky, the rest of the team is there.
"Steve, only a few people can be in the room when everything happens," T'Challa says.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I kneel down and am nearly tackled by my daughter as she hugs me.
"Speeches, we're going to start with Pietro's sister, my new sister-in-law, Wanda," Dad continues smiling up at Pietro.
Pietro and Dad join us from the kitchen and sit together on the recliner that is left open. Even with being as far away as possible on this floor from the rooms we can still hear Steve's shouting.
"It wasn't until I came to Earth in search of the Tesseract had I realized that I could go and find her once I gave them the world," Loki continues, "When you were working for me and I knew about your family only then did I realize that she was your daughter. I was planning on telling you but never had the time, it was going to be your reward for helping me take over the planet. Then when I got back to Asgard and was placed in a cell I started to realize just how much I loved her, I swore to myself that if I ever got the chance to be free again that I would come and be with her. Which is why I'm here now, Agent Barton, your daughter is my soulmate and I cannot bare to see her with someone that caused her that much pain in her life."
"Our second person in charge says that this planet speaks English," Korg replies, "I just need to bring someone to them or they're going to send out this guy that can see everything and he kind of freaks me out."
"See, I'm already being called
“She’d be happier if she knew,” Tony says, resting his hand on the other man's shoulder.
"Nat still on her solo mission," Clint asks as we walk in.
"How's Berlin," Lily asks as she putters around her office.
"I'm going out to look for him," I say to the team once she left, "I'm going to start at the crash sight and see if I can find something that they missed. I don't want anyone to talk me out of this. It is what has to be done."
"Wow, I didn't realize that," she replies.
Clint comes back from his day with Dylan and Laura with some new information. He's gay and all Pietro can talk about.
"She has your eyes," I say without realizing what I was saying.
"She woke up from a nightmare," Jarvis replies, "She asked who was awake, and asked me not to fetch you or Mr. Stark."
"Tony, hon, can you find Dylan," Steve asks wrapping his arms around the brunets waist.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Before walking in to my room, I see the blush raising on the back of Steve's neck at my comment. I smile to myself while I push open the door, I walk in and see Bucky sitting on our bed ready a book that Bruce suggested him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"The Beguile tribe," she replies, not giving any more details than that.
"The End," I finish the story, standing up and tucking her in, "Good night pumpkin," I lean in and kiss her on her forehead.
"When did it come in," she asks as she places the case on her desk.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Wait, you mean to tell me that you've been reliving me shooting our daughter," Bucky asks in a disappointed tone, "You mean to tell me that I caused this?"
"They're in hiding. I told them to run after I broke them out of the raft," Steve says softly, "I told them to stay away from everyone for a while, it's safer for everyone that way."
"Really, Rett," Lily says, the hope evident in her voice.
"I'll pay the tab and meet you outside," Lila says, "I'm kind of hungry."
"What about him," Dad say motioning towards Loki, "We can't very well bring him to base."
“I’m telling you dad, the mystery man was in Bucharest,” she says into her phone as she waits to board her plane.
"James, I'm just over emotional," I say to him, "I want to talk to you about our baby boy but it's really hard."
After the doctor walks out Bucky is allowed back into the room.
"Dylan, you can't be seriously thinking of bringing him to base can you," Bucky asks.
She nods and leaves. I turn my attention back to the raven-haired man sitting on my bed.
"So you don't know where my Dad, his sister, your husband or my, her father is," I ask from my seat.
"This time if you leave, you are dead," some man screamed at me, "you have to heal him and then train him."
"I don't like how close he was to you," Dad says helping me up.
"Yes," she says, "but I do not want her to spoil this."
"Lily, care to explain who all these people are and why they're ruining the grounds here with their ships," Tony says, walking over to us, "and why Loki is just walking around all free and such."
It's two hours later and a few guests are starting to arrive for the ceremony. I stand just inside the doors with Laura and Cooper, Tony and Steve asked them to be part of their special day.
“Oh my god, you’re a child,” she says, “please, let me-”
"As promised for your successful mission," a voice says in Russian over a PA system.
"Is this what you wanted Mr. Barton-Maximoff," Dad asks holding Pietro's hand.
"I, you, umm," I look up at him, "stay. Stay with me tonight."
“He came to me, said I had to be there,” she says jumping into the elevator, followed closely by Happy, “so you don’t have a say in whether or not I’m there.”
He nods and pulls mom into the living room with the rest of the team.
"Thanks," Dad says after a few minutes of silence, "Thanks for talking to him. I don't know what you said but I'm happy you said it."
"No one else on the team knows about you being pregnant," Steve says while we're riding up in the elevator, "I think it's better if you hide it for awhile, especially with Clint."
"What is your name," Steve asks.
"No, you are not leaving without telling the team," He says stepping between me and the buttons, "We need a plan so they know what to do if you aren't back by a certain time."
"Morning," I say to a smiling Dad and Pietro, "Laura up yet?"
“Happy,” she says, “you know, Tony’s friend and co-worker’s and the guy I’m dating. I can’t stay up here, we don’t have secrets and the longer I stay here with you the bigger this secret gets.”
“Dad, he thought you were dead,” she says, “and Pietro is the only person he’s dated since you. I know it hurts but it will get better.”
"Hey, look I'm sorry about last night," I say to the back of his head as he turns to watch everyone dancing.
"Are you sure," she asks Bucky. He nods in return, "Okay, well, a couple of weeks after I was sold to Hydra I was in my cell waiting for something, a mission or anything really. I was in the same cell as the one you found me in, and well that cell has a lot of bad memories. It's the cell that I got pregnant in."
Tony walks into the kitchen seeing Bucky curled up on the floor surrounded by broke plates, glasses, and cupboards. He walks up to the man seeing a look he recognizes from his mirror.
"Yes, he did do bad things," Dylan continues, "but I also saw that he fell in love with me, he kept watch over me. I don't know how long he knew about me but I had a guardian that learned how to love."
"Look," Bruce says, "as neat as this information is, we have a man hunting Infinity Stones and we lost the one person who is alive because of said thing."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"What is the meaning of this," Loki growls, "Stark stop this at once!"
"Doesn't matter if her attitude is maternal or paternal, what matters is we don't know where Vision," Happy says, "where Lily went, or why Loki is still alive, why he's here, not that anyone cares about him."
I smile, kissing his hand as the doctor walks in. We sit there talking as the doctor prepares my stomach for the ultrasound.
"I feel like every one of those tights wearing band of weirdos will be pissed when I walk through those doors," Loki says walking down the ramp.
"All done," he asks out of breath.
I nod, rocking a sleeping Nathaniel in the car seat in front of me. "Maybe the Wint-Bucky, doesn't want to talk about it because it was truly terrible," I interject.
“Last time I had a date my father answered the door with some untested weapon,” she says, “I was 17.”
Lily takes the tablet and reads the message, writing down the translation of it almost instantaneously. She hands back the tablet and the translation.
"No, not yet," I say, kneeling down on one knee, "I don't think I'll be okay until you agree to marry me. I don't think I'll be okay until we have a wedding today. James, I'll be okay if you do me the honour of marrying me and all my quirks. What do you say?"
"No, you don't know how much you fucking mean to me," I spit back at him, "You don't understand how much I want to hate you for what happened back then but can't because of how great you are with Laura. You don't understand just how fucking real it feels to be around you, that's why I left. Not because I'm with my parents again, not because my own brother wants nothing to do with me but because I don't know how I'm supposed to feel about you."
"Find who," Steve asks startling everyone in the kitchen, "Who's gone missing?"
"I'm fine," I say opening my eyes and meeting his, "I'm sorry for everything I said to you, none of it was true."
Dylan and Laura are starting over in a safer place, or at least that's what Dylan thought.
We continue into the hanger and wait for the quinjet to land. After it lands the hatch opens and out walks Natasha and Clint, once they walk out I finally realized why the names rang a bell. Natasha is the reason why I was kidnapped and brought to the Red Room at age 7 from my father, Clint.
"Everyone," he replies, "and before you ask, yes we did ask Friday for help."
"Ouu, Bucky's loosing his shit," Tony says whipping around to face the entry way to the kitchen.
Bruce is telling everyone where he's been for the last couple of years when they hear Dylan and Bucky yelling at each other in the kitchen.
At this point I turn and walk out of the kitchen. I end up back in my room and grab a bag from the closet and start packing. I don't realize that I'm not alone until I feel a hand on my upper arm turning me around.
"Clint, calm done," Pietro says from his seat on our bed, "She did this because of love, I know you would do the same thing if that was me on that table."
"He is more than welcome to join us," T'Challa says from the open field.
"Yes," I yell back, "I have someone you'll want to see."
"From the sounds of what we talked about," I say looking back at the three people fast asleep, "He just wanted the big party."
That is the last thing I remember before blacking out due to pain.
I look from my daughter to the man I haven't spent time with since I was seven, "Sure, let's go."
I tense up at the mention of Bucky.
"So let me get this straight," Pietro says, "you want me to pick a side?"
The rest of the team walks onto the jet at this point. I stand outside, waiting to calm myself before getting on that flight back to the base.
"Before anyone else can say anything embarassing about me," Lily says, "we should get going. I have a lot of work that is waiting for me."
"No, you and Dad should get married, I'm just a cynical person," I say sitting next to him, "I mean you nearly died for that guy, I know you both will be able to make it through anything. I just don't think I could, it's just my views on marriages in this lifestyle, I support everyone that does I just don't want it."
"Dylan, I need to talk to him alone," I say turning to her, "He'll be fine, Pietro will stay and make sure I don't hurt him."
"Shouldn't you know, I mean you do have three kids," Bucky says moving is hands to his lap.
"Good," he says as he walks down the hall, Lily closely following behind him.
“But I don’t have to drive back here,” Happy says.
"Pietro, since the moment I saw you I knew you were different. I mean you were a pain in the ass but the one thing I knew I would never be able to shoot," Dad starts, "After the fight in Sokovia, where you saved my life I started to realize just what you meant to me. Over the past year you have brought me so much happiness, with coming back alive and bringing back my daughter, that I hope I can spend the rest on my life repaying you. I want to love you every minute of every day, with every breath from now until my last, and every action until the day I die; which will be waaaaaaaay in the future because I'm not planning on leaving you anytime soon. I love you, Roadrunner."
He walks over to the table and sits down, I hop up onto the counter of the island as Tony walks in.
I feel a hand rest on my shoulder, I look up and see my Dad standing there. I look up at him falling into his chest balling my eyes out. I feel someone lift Laura off of my legs.
"Maybe it's that gem in his head," he says.
"Buck, I don't normally support this," Steve says as he hands Bucky his gun back, "But make that bastard pay."
“What? Oh, um, yeah I guess,” she says, “it’s just something happened before you got to my place.”
Lily walks into the kitchen after locking herself away in her office for the afternoon. She steps in just as a knife is launched across the room in the direction of Ross and gets lodged into the wall behind him. Looking over in the direction it came from she sees that Happy is the one who threw it.
I jump out of bed ripping off the wires attached to me and racing down to the morgue. I throw open the doors and walk over to her body, seeing it twitch as Tony told me.
I stand there realizing that he's right, I've never called him by his name until this moment. Until this moment when he realizes that he has a family, he's not that monster that Hydra made him be, well to some extent, considering that he became a father through rape.
"Tony got the law abolished," Steve says, "We're reinstated as Avengers, we can go home."
"Shuri, that's amazing," Ross says, looking between the two women.
"Brother," Thor says walking to my side, "I asked Heimdall to find Dylan's soulmate when I was back in Asgard."
"Dria," Loki asks from our entry way, "may I please take Lila away for a moment so I may present her with my gift?"
"You know eavesdropping is bad," Loki whispers as he joins Lily in the hallway.
I start signing everything I've heard since walking towards the kitchen.
"Really wish Pietro was back already," Bucky says as I grimace in more pain.
"Why are you touching her stomach," Wanda asks.
"Yes," she answers, "I am older."
She opens the door to see Happy standing on the other side as Phil stands next to her.
"Come on, Roadrunner, we have a trip to plan," after I say that I'm picked up and carried, quite quickly, to the hanger and we start to plan our flight to my old farm house.
Here we are at the end of the second book to this series, couple of things:
Pietro runs over picking up his sister in a giant bear hug spinning her around. I look around at everyone here and start to feel at home.
“How can I tell people something I know nothing of,” Happy says, closing his eyes, “I had a couple of beers and when I open my eyes what I thought I saw was just a drunk vision.”
"Momma, can we go play on the playground," Laura says jumping out of the car seconds after I turn off the engine.
I nod and wait for him to leave before I speak up again.
She nods right before she races out of the room. I make my way towards Tony's lab, knowing it's my job to get him out of there and ready for the wedding. I punch in Steve's code and walk in.
"Tony, you don't want to see this right now," I say walking out of the room.
I stand in front of Dylan's door hearing her talk to someone on the other side.
I wake up before Bucky and smile knowing that I didn't wake up again because I had someone with me. I reach my head up and place a light kiss on his cheek causing him to wake up a little.
"What are you talking about," Bruce asks.
"When I was younger I learned of this prophecy about soulmates," Loki starts, "It said that the Watcher of the Worlds could look throughout all the 9 realms and find you your soulmate. I went to Heimdall and asked him to search for mine, it was your daughter, he found her when she was 7 after she was kidnapped from you. I've had him keep watch on her ever since then, I did not believe in being able to love someone but over the years I fell for her. I knew everything that happened to her and couldn't help her.
Shuri walks over to one of the many tables and pulls out a small case, she places the device within the case and closes it.
“Papers,” she says, reaching her hand out, “now.”
"Where was he from," Odin asks, his eyes widening.
I smile at them both as they walk onto the jet, I watch as Dad and Natasha sit in the two pilot seats bickering about something.
Pietro rushes out of the room coming back with three bags, we follow behind Steve out of the compound and onto a small jet.
"Lila," he starts.
I sit in Laura's bed reading her a bedtime story, it's been three weeks since Dylan left, and this is our usual routine. We hardly ever talk about Dylan, I usually take control of her nighttime routine and Clint and Laura help with everything else throughout the day.
"We're engaged, Speedy," Tony says without a second thought, "That's why we're being loud."
"So, how does it feel to be back home," Tony says as he quickly kisses Steve's cheek.
“Steve, you have to go help. Happy, he fell,” she stutters, “please go help them. I’m-I’m fine.”
"How was your talk with Pietro," Bucky asks as I plop down next to him.
We walk into the common area just like before and sit down. I look around the room and have a rush of memories flood back.
"I'll be ready soon, Momma," Laura says as the door swings open, "I'm really excited for this, thank you so much. I mean we get to hear Tony Stark, the Tony Stark give a presentation at the Stark Expo!"
"It's still idiotic, it's still dangerous, it's still," I'm interrupted by a knock on the door, "Come in."
"I'm sorry, James, but there wasn't any hope of this thing between us surviving," I say coldly, "It's better this way."
Tony, who is clearly taken aback by Steve, walks over to him. His eyes full of hurt, anger, and something unreadable. He stands in front of him looking up into his blue eyes, every angry fibre in him relaxing, finally feeling calm and safe. Steve looks down into his Tony's eyes, his own giving away all the love and admiration he feels towards the smaller man. Tony recognizes the look in Steve's eyes and reaches out a hand, as his suit opens around his hand, and places it on Steve's bearded cheek; sliding it back into his hair, Tony pulls Steve forward and kisses him, passionately.
"What do you think I was doing all afternoon," she says, "I ran out of ideas yesterday morning at breakfast, then Eric came by with the message from Thanos so I forgot about it until I walked into my office after lunch."
"Where is everyone now," I ask, starting to plan our next move, "We need Wanda to help us and we need to see Dad."
Everyone starts to cheer, Steve and Tony walk up to congratulate them. I turn and walk back to stand next to Bucky at the bar. I see Pietro and Dad rush towards the bar to get champagne.
"What," Happy says, looking over at Lily.
I walk into the living room with the rest of the team. Looking around I see that Bucky isn't with everyone.
She steps into the elevator with the gurney, Sam, and Natasha. She pulls out her phone and page the OR telling them they’re on our way down with Captain America. She follows the gurney until it disappears between the doors to the OR rooms.
"Okay, so I owe you all an explanation," Dylan starts, "Mostly you, umm."
“Natasha,” Avery calls out rushing to the side of the gurney looking down at the man, “Steve!”
I loose control and just start crying, not being able to get the rest of the sentence out. I see Natasha pull them out of the room, probably to fill them in on everything I can't say. After they leave my eyes go blurry from tears that I jump when I feel a pair of arms wrap around me.
"You have to stop running away, each time you do the more torture we put her through," Strucker said, motioning to Laura.
"Yeah, of course," he says, smiling at her, "I'll make a couple of calls and then we can go see them."
"That's in Odin's treasure room," she says.
"He's locked himself in his room, sir. He does not wish to be disturbed," the system answers back.
She hangs up the phone and sits down on the couch in her apartment letting her sadness, happiness, and relief wash over her all at once. Smiling she stands and starts to clear up some space for Matt to move in.
We sit in the room talking about nothing waiting for Tony to come and get us.
Clint sits in the common area with the rest of the team, listening to Dylan's past. He's been texting Laura, his ex-wife, constantly since he found out that Dylan was their daughter.
“I need your help,” he says after the door is closed, “Bucky is waking up in a couple of days and I’d like to have my nurse there.”
"All of you are fools," Loki says, "Dylan, stop this madness. I'll kill everyone before I ever let you marry him."
"Of course, I'm an Avenger, it's what we do."
They stand there, saying their vows. Tony managed to get through his with no tears but starts crying when Steve starts his. Clint and Bucky quickly hand over the rings to Thor so he is able to have the couple exchange them.
"I'm probably going to take the kids in and put them to bed," Mom says just as the music starts, "Cooper, Lila, and myself have to get up early tomorrow to fly back to the farm."
"Yes," the smaller man says, "but then-"
I race over to Pietro and take Ras in my arms holding him tightly to my chest while buckled into a seat next to Laura. Steve tries to keep control of the jet as much as he can but looses it when we hit the tip of a tree. The jet starts spinning out of control plummeting towards the ground, I feel Laura's arms wrap around my shoulders pulling me closer to her chest. We hit the ground hard, causing the jet to flip multiple times until we crash into another tree. Steve slowly gets up from the pilot seat and walks towards us helping everyone out of the jet.
"Hey, old man," Pietro says from his seat, "I'm not letting you die until we're married, and then you'll be here every week for check ups. I love you and can't live without you."
“He’s awake,” Sam says from Steve’s doorway, motioning for Avery to come in.
"Get in the car," Pops says, opening the door for me, "We have to get back to base and talk to Tony."
"What could have been so bad as to wake you," the voice questions, staying hidden from her.
"Tell us what," Tony says as he moves in closer.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I run down the hallway pulling him into the kitchen, getting weird looks from everyone in the living room.
"It's because he cares about me that he went under," I reply, "We went through a lot in the past 5 months, he ki-actually, I'd prefer not to talk about it. It's very hard to talk about."
"Could be worse," Wanda says, "I mean if you could hear what Bucky is thinking you'd feel better."
"I did it," a sickening voice replies, "I heard the Avengers have fallen, and thought I might be able to recruit some to join me."
"Morning, Momma," she says, as I walk over and get myself a cup of coffee.
"I'm marrying Loki," I reply looking at Laura with pleading eyes.
Loki lands next to Lily and uses magic to clear their area of the alien creatures. Shuri looks over at him, then back at Ross.
"Like hell I do, I survived just fine without parents," I spit at him again, "He might be my biological father but he's not my dad," I say as I reach into my pocket and pull out the cell phone I bought after getting rescued. I dial Tony's number and lift it to my ear.
"I like this compromise," Pietro says, "Thank you for making me smarten the fuck up."
"I love you," Bucky whispers to me.
"I was going to get Pietro to stay with her," He says noticing the concerned look on my face, "You could see if she wants to talk to you. Just have Jarvis let me know if I still need to get Pietro."
I sit on the bed looking around the room trying to calm myself down. For the past three weeks I've been having nightmares but this is the first one about the rape I've had in years. I start crying involuntarily allowing myself to let it all out.
“Sounds like a man I’d like to meet sometime,” he says taking a sip from his beer.
"That's why you need to find Vision," Rhodey says, "to keep him alive."
We sit there for a moment in silence. Hearing him say that makes me want to tell him that I'm her, I'm his daughter. Knowing that I'd have to share where I've been and what I've been through, telling Laura about her father, keeps me from doing that.
"Shit," Eric says when he read the translation.
"I fell," he answers, "doesn't matter. Lily, good to see you again."
I think to myself. I lay there looking into his brown eyes and lean in kissing him. I'm expecting him to pull away at first in shock but he doesn't, his hand slides down to the nape of my neck deepening the kiss. I quickly throw my leg over him so I'm sitting on his waist straddling him. I pull his head up so we're both sitting up in bed, I feel his tongue lightly rub over my bottom lip. I open my mouth allowing him to explore it more while deepening the kiss, I reach my hands down to the hem of his shirt pulling it up parting the kiss slightly so I can fully remove his shirt. I feel his metal hand light inch it's way up my shirt brushing softly along my spine, I let out a soft moan, he's reaching down with his other hand to the hem of my shirt. He's about to pull it off when there's a knock at the door.
That was a year ago, I wasn't holding out much hope but it was nice to know that she still had hope.
"How much longer until we tell the team," I ask into his chest.
"Anything," she asks, Ross nods in response, "like be nicer to Happy?"
"I was going to offer a drink if you could teach me your ways of getting out of mandatory work functions," he says, smiling at me.
"Have you seen my Dad," I ask Bucky when I get back to the table.
"Dylan will stand with you," she says instead of asks, "I mean she is the Nat to your Clint."
“Let me do that,” Happy says following her into the kitchen.
"What did you say to Clint," Pietro says making me look at him, "You know that each time you hurt him, I have to pick up the pieces."
"What is going on? They wouldn't tell me anything," Bucky says reaching and holding my hand taking a seat next to me.
"Also, why do they keep calling you Lila," Tony asks, "I care more about that right now."
"Sorry we missed the commotion, but someone had to babysit Nathaniel," Wanda says handing the toddler over to Dad.
"See how nice I am to the rest of the team," Tony says, "All rooms can be soundproof, just ask Jarvis before you start and no one has to hear your screaming," he says hitting Pietro on the leg, causing everyone in the room to burst out laughing.
“I’m staying. This is my job, I help people,” her reply is.
"He's in the city dealing with an incident," Friday says as the base shakes furiously.
We're sitting in silence on the quinjet flying to dad's old farmhouse. I look over to Laura, who is on the left of me, as she draws a picture. I stand up from my seat and walk towards Pietro and Wanda.
"Pietro, and the people I promised you that would help," the muffled voice says through the door.
"Clint's with his sister," I reply, noticing how tense Pietro is, "And is also Pietro's husband."
Before she can step inside she hears murmuring behind her causing her to stop and turn to face the two men arguing over the roof of the car.
Slowly she dragged her tired aching legs up the stairs to her apartment after a long day at work. She pulls her keys out and unlock her door as her phone goes off, she looks at the screen as she pushes through the lead like door.
"How can I heal him, he's been shot 47 times," I say starting at this silver haired man laying unconscious in front of me.
Lily pulls out her personal phone from her jacket pocket and looks at the notification. She turns off the screen and puts it back in her pocket.
"There is something else going on," she says, "Loki has been off for days. I want to be there for him, it's going to be hard on him today."
"It's Rogers-Stark, thank you very much," he says after the photographer snapped a couple of photos.
"Hi, can I talk to you for a second," she asks as Laura walks out of the bathroom, she takes Nate from my arms and puts him in his crib as I follow Wanda into the hallway.
"I'm Dylan, it''s nice to finally meet you," I say as I shake her hand, "It's a pleasure to meet you as well, Mr. Stark and Captain Rogers."
“You’re letting him leave right,” she says, sitting in the kitchen leaning into Happy’s side as Tony pours them drinks.
"Yes, we created it back in Asgard a thousand years ago," Lily replies, "I didn't realize it made its way down here."
