“Yeah, well, I guess I’m gunna have to check my closet and see what we can work with.” More nervous laughter came from Dean in a few short chuckles. Cas was quite proud of himself to cause such a reaction.
A phone laid in the palm of his hand. His own phone to be exact, and it was opened to message Dean. He wanted to talk to him. After all that had occurred, Cas couldn’t stop himself from missing Dean. The intense longing to have even a small conversation with him, struck Cas senseless.
“Fine. You can sleep in my apartment tonight but I'm not carrying you up these stairs.” He went to try to take a step down, but his foot caught on the crumpled step that Balthazar had destroyed. Face planting onto the wooden floor. A heavyweight crashing down onto him seconds before he could even manage to make a sound.
“My brother Balthazar interrupted us before anything could really turn into a one-time thing. I kinda can’t talk to him again since I don’t have a way to contact him. I’m worried about ever going to the bar with Balthazar again and getting horrible sexual pickup lines thrown at me. I’m starting to think I must be really ugly because only guys with really bad pickup lines try to hook up with me or complete and total assholes like Jorge.”
“But he’s not. Stop talking about Dean that way.” Cas felt his cheeks grow warm. He didn’t honestly know why he felt such an urge to defend Dean from Balthazar’s insults but what he did know was that he cared a great deal for Dean. He just didn’t know how to place his emotions towards Dean.
“You what?” Jorge asked before quickly cutting off Castiel. “Doesn't matter. I hope you've learned your lesson. I'm the best you're ever going to have and next time I won’t be so generous in taking you back.”
Balthazar regarded him coolly before saying, “I didn’t ask, Cas. When he came over we exchanged a few words and it was after that he asked if he could speak to you. I figured you didn’t want to see him, but the guy looked desperate, ya know? And I kinda pitied him, so I gave him your phone number.”
“You can’t expect me to give in so easily. You’re my brother, Castiel. I was there for you when mom and dad divorced and neither parent was around anymore, I was there for you when you went through your first day of high school, when you went through your first break-up, when you got so drunk that you couldn’t drive home and I was the one who made sure to come get you. I was there when you needed me and I’m not about to stop now just because you tell me to.”
Cas nodded his head and accepted the bong given to him. He felt a twinge of guilt for not telling his brother the events of last night. Out of everyone, Balthazar had every right to know the full story, given that he had been the one to save him, and yet, Cas couldn’t bring himself to change his mind on not telling his brother.
The clammy hands snaked up Castiel’s legs. Stopping at his waist. Cas felt Jorge's warm breath against his neck. Smelt the foul odor wafting from Jorge’s clothes.
“Well, it’s just a bit awkward not knowing the name of the person that I just spilled my personal problems to. Guess that’s my own fault though, isn’t it?”
“I chungeeed my mieend,” Cas said. Taking great pains to attempt to speak clearly but even to his own ears, the words had come out sounding like gibberish.
They stood like that for a couple minutes. Cas looking ready to flee at any indication of movement and Balthazar with his arms held out and his expression one of anguish.
“I did a ton of paperwork and boring stuff. I’m thinking of hiring someone to help advertise and run the shop. I’ve got no idea how I’m going to afford to pay them though. Oh and I don’t think I’m going to try and get in contact with the guy I met at the bar because, for one, I didn’t get his phone number and two, he seemed to be into some serious weird kinky stuff.”
“I don't fucking know, okay? I just tripped over my own feet and fell. Are you going to help me up or not?” Balthazar said in a snippy tone. Lifting his head to glare up at his younger brother.
Cas rolled his eyes. Had he honestly expected anything less from Dean? Dean would forever be Dean. It was something he hoped would never change.
“It's not my fault your apartment complex is so shitty.” Balthazar’s response was muffled by the linoleum steps.
He pulled at the collar of his shirt, trying to cool his boiling skin that managed to get even warmer under the idea that he was in the same room with the guy he had day-dreamed about.
The process of getting home was a slow and steady one. He avoided the busy roads, maybe once or twice pulled over to avoid throwing up in his car, and courageously fought his way through a grocery store to pick up Nyquil and Advil, before mustering up enough energy to make it across the parking lot and to his apartment building. He passed the mailman on the way in.
“I dooun’t want yooou,” Cas slurred. Attempting to push himself away from Jorge, but only managing to stumble back into a wall. Panic was the first strong emotion to break through Cas’ clouded mind. Next was fear when Jorge advanced towards him with a sinister grin on his face.
Eric stared into the distance for a second, thinking. “Well I was making out with this guy Castiel last night and he gave me blue balls, does that count?”
“You have got to be kidding me,” Cas found himself muttering without notice of the words even leaving his mouth. If Balthazar had heard him speak, he made no comment about it. Instead, he continued to hold out both the bong and lighter towards Cas. An expectant look in his eyes.
Balthazar tilted his head slightly and walked over to him. His eyes flickering down to the phone that Cas held.
“I'm going to pretend that I didn't hear that come out of your mouth. Consider yourself lucky and stop being a little bitch about this.”
Castiel pressed down on the button with the arrow pointing up. The soft glow of the light illuminated off of the outline of the arrow. Balthazar leaned heavily against the wall. Cas swore that if his brother passed out, that he’d leave him down here to sleep off whatever the hell he was on. It didn’t come to that thankfully. They managed to get into the small elevator, and onto the third floor without incident. Balthazar slung his arm around Castiel’s shoulders when they were halfway down the hallway.
“I’m sorry, Dean. No one should have to deal with that shit. People like that...they belong in jail.”
“Getting pretty defensive. Hey, when are we going to get to your apartment? I wanna take a nap,” Balthazar said, sounding every bit like a small five year old who’d stayed up way past their bedtime.
An hour passed when it got to be too much. Cas was pretty sure that he had a fever now. He couldn’t tell because his entire body felt hotter than a summer day in July. No amount of medicine made his sore throat tolerable. He felt dead on his feet and all he wanted was to be held while wrapped in a blanket. Being wrapped up in a blanket while lying on a lumpy mattress would have to do. Cas didn’t see anybody willing to hold him and if he let his fantasies carry on he would begin to wonder how good it would feel to have Hottie McHotpants’ arms holding him. Now that’s The life. He grinned lazily at the day-dream. Yeah, it sure would be great. He would be there at my apartment waiting with a pot of soup and our favorite record would be playing. He would take me in his arms and—
“Why even ask me for help if you don’t do what I advise you to do? I mean, if I knew you were just going to ignore what I said, I wouldn’t have tried helping. Why—” The buzz of Cas’ phone interrupted Balthazar.
“Just lookin’ for a hot piece of ass,” Cas said, amused. “God, that reminds me of the time when Balthazar forced me to go to a strip club for graduation.”
Castiel felt his whole face flame up. He pushed himself up off the floor and didn’t bother to look to Balthazar for help when he rose up to his feet. Not wasting his time to respond to his brother, who probably wouldn’t even remember this conversation in the morning. Instead, he walked over to the elevator. Hearing Balthazar’s stumbling steps trailing behind him.
When he took his phone, he didn’t expect to see it pulled up to Dean’s contact on messenger, and he couldn’t remember using his phone last night. Cas attempted to search through foggy sections of the night before when his eyes scanned over the screen. Within a split second, his heart plummeted down to his stomach. A cold chill swept over his body when he saw more than just one text sent by Dean and his own short response. By then, Cas could remember the frustration and determination he had felt while texting this to Dean.
Cas didn’t miss how Dean’s voice seemed to shift when asking the question. It was so subtle yet Cas swore he heard some inclination in it. Maybe it was just wishful thinking… It did make Cas’ grin grow wider, though, at the idea that Dean might be anywhere near jealous.
. What you saw. How the fuck do you think I felt?” Cas pushed back at his brother as he got up from the bar stool. He was beyond angry at having Jorge used against him. Having Balthazar describe what he had seen was enough to push Cas over the edge. The wall that he had up was crumbling faster than he could rebuild it, and behind it were the memories. Flashes of what had happened became more vivid. He could nearly feel the cold, clammy fingers clamping down onto his arms, shoving him back onto the bed.
“Oh, well ya know this really nice old woman comes in today and I start gathering up the flowers she wanted and she says somethin’ about me being handsome and how a nice young woman will snatch me up. So I rattle off an excuse that I’m too busy at work for such things and you know what she says to me?”
“Need help with what?” He asked with suspicion in his voice. As if he already knew where this was going.
“You know what you should do? Find a t-shirt that’s all rainbow colored and wear it to work every day. I nearly had a run in experience with being set up with a chick when I was working today.”
“Yeah, of course.” Dean watched Samson scamper off to get his batman action figure for him. He had a feeling that Samson didn’t fully understand what was going on, but he didn’t know how else to explain it to the kid, he hadn’t even processed it himself. But there was nothing else for him to do tonight, so he got down on the floor and did his best batman voice for Samson.
“Look, Balthazar, I really don’t want to talk about last night and to be honest, I’d like to forget that it even happened. And since Dean is part of last night, I’m asking you to let this go,” Cas said in an attempt to reason with him, and although it may have been a futile attempt, he had to try. A part of him hoped Balthazar would just drop it. He regretted bringing up Dean, now.
“Fine,” he said. “I suppose after all you’ve been through, you deserve to relax, and if getting a bit high is the way you want to do it, who am I to tell you no? Just promise me that you’ll come to me when you’re ready to talk.”
He stumbled into the house at half-past god knows when. It wasn’t much, a shabby two bedroom filled with a faint musty scent, soft music playing in the background. Did he just have that playing constantly? Whatever, Dean was too tired to consider anything more about his surroundings, It was all he could do to stumble into what he assumed was the guest bedroom and pass out under the protection of the soft comforter.
The conversation had been short, although that was Dean’s fault. John had said that he had something to tell him and dean hung up. He didn’t want to talk to him, not after what he had done to his mother. Still, Dean was a little curious about what John had wanted to say.
Cas fought to not laugh. He had never heard such a bad impersonation of a British accent. He rolled his eyes, a witty response already forming.
“I know I could have saved a love that night If I’d known what to say; instead of makin’ love, we both made our separate ways. But now I hear you found somebody new, and that I never meant that much to you. To hear that tears me up inside, and to see you cuts me like a knife. I guess every rose has its thorn, just like every night has its dawn, just like every cowboy sings his sad song. Every rose has its thorn,”
Dean took a deep breath, and held it for a second, closing his eyes. God, he didn’t want to do this.
Two hands smacked down onto the counter. Cas jumped in his seat at the sound and wasn’t prepared for the amount of rage that was rolling of his brother. He shrank into the bar stool as Balthazar shoved himself out of his seat and quickly walked over to him. He didn’t have enough time to move off the chair and make an escape. Balthazar was already inches away from his face. Cas wanted to look away from those glowering eyes, but he was stuck in a trance of fear and shock.
“Ssstop Balthy, I know what I am doing,” Cas spoke in a slow manner. All his words felt too long coming off his tongue and it was difficult to even remember what he was trying to do. The whole sensation made him laugh until he saw a hand come for his phone. “No!” He loudly protested. “I want to talk to him.” Cas hugged his phone close to his chest. He childishly stuck his tongue out at his brother before dissolving into more laughter. There was no way for him to keep a straight face.
“Very funny Dean. You must’ve fallen from heaven too ’cause you sound like you landed on your face.”
“It's okay, Dean. I shouldn't have...look, I don't blame you for leaving. I should've never laid so much stuff on you. And I can’t believe that my fucking brother barged in here and told you about Jor—”
“I was worried that he was going to go to people heaven, and I didn't want him to, but he did. He’s gone now, Samson. You understand that?”
“You wanna sleep down here?!” Cas exclaimed tiredly. Turning quickly around to face Balthazar who wore a broad grin.
Carefully making his way down the stairs, Cas held onto the railing tightly. The skin stretching across his knuckles turning an unhealthy shade of pale white. He managed to only make a muffled grunt when he took the last step off the stairs. Down here, the smell of skunk was unbearably stronger and Cas could also smell a tinge of something floral. It smelled like the family bathroom during Thanksgiving, and Cas had to laugh a little at that before going back to wondering what Balthazar could possibly be doing.
He was jerked out of his thoughts by Balthazar’s harsh coughs. His shoulders seemed to shake with the force of them and when he lifted his head to look up at Cas, his eyes were watered, and yet, the lazy smile remained on his lips as a few more short coughs escaped through him.
“Just hope it’s not something you regret later,” said Balthazar. “And don’t be mad at me later either. I tried taking your phone away and you got pissy.”
“Men. Well, the first one we went to had women, but Balthazar saw I had no interest and decided to take it upon himself to find the closest men’s strip joint,” Cas laughed at the memory. “Shoved a wad of ones into my hand and practically shoved me to the main stage. I got so drunk that night, I hardly remember half the shit I did, but apparently, I tried to get up on the stage and dance with one of the guys. Balthazar found me nearly nude and pulled me down. Has to be the best night of my life.” A surge of guilt dragged down his smile. In all his best of times, Balthazar had been the main cause behind them.
Dean was back home laying on his bed with his headphones trying to distract himself. He was humming the tune to Traveling Riverside Blues. “See my baby, tell her, Tell her hurry home. Had no lovin', since my baby been gone. See my baby, Tell her hurry on home. I ain't had, Lord, my right mind, Since my rider's been gone”
Cas began to worry if he'd taken it a step too far. He hadn't meant for his words to come out in a romantic way, and it wasn’t until Dean didn’t respond that a wave of panic washed over him.
“You’re right...I’m so sorry for bringing all this bullshit on you. I’m twenty-five, I should be able to handle this better. I don’t know why I went to a damn bar other than I couldn’t stand to be surrounded by silence. That wasn’t me. I don’t do that because this is exactly what my mother does, and yet...fuck I can’t keep doing this. Balthazar didn’t say anything that wasn’t true and it pissed me off. And now I basically just had a tantrum. I’m sorry, Dean.”
They sat in an awkward silence for a couple seconds before Dean spoke up. “If you're going to stay here then you're going to have to work.”
Hours later and for the life of him, he couldn’t fathom how to explain this to Samson. He was just a kid, does he even know what death is? Does he understand what that means for him?
“You’ll come back crawling to me Cas. Eventually, you’ll see that no one else will take in your sorry pathetic ass and you’ll be begging to be with me again.” Tears spilled down his cheeks. A small whimper escaping up his throat. “Eventually you’ll see it all too clearly.”
“I much rather being the one to hear it,” Cas said chuckling. “I had to let him down gently. He wanted all the control and that's somethin’ I don't do, Dean.” He let his words hang there for a moment before saying, “But like you said, every man has his kinks.”
Castiel watched as water bubbled within the bong. His eyes traveling with the smoke as it rolled up the glass tube towards where his brother’s lips hovered. Although he had seen people get high, he’d never been one to partake in any of it. He couldn’t afford to back then. Not if he had wanted to keep his scholarships and by doing that meant late night studying for tests. He didn’t have that excuse to hide behind now though, and he found himself curious as to what the experience would be like.
“I’m thinking that we should have lunch. There’s this place close to where I work, it’s called The Sunrise Diner.”
Cas paused and nearly dropped the bouquet of flowers. He’d heard these words a lot growing up from relatives and never missed the warning glare that his mother gave him right before he would respond. She didn’t want anyone in the family to know about him and he had gotten so used to the familiar response that he didn’t think twice when he said, “No. I’m always so busy. What with work and all.”
Cas gave him an impatient look before saying, “Yes, and now he’s responded and I don’t know what to say. He said he was sorry and—” Cas stopped short when Balthazar held out his hand for the phone. “What?”
“And suddenly that makes everything okay again? Castiel, you’re smarter than this. Yes, he said he was sorry. That should be expected. Nothing in that text comes off as something you need to respond to. He says he feels bad for what he did? Then let him. Maybe the next time someone opens up to him, he won’t just fucking walk away.”
Balthazar merely grunted in response. Tripping up on his own two feet. They would’ve fallen had Cas not leaned against the wall. By now, they were only a couple steps away from Castiel’s door. Cas heaved Balthazar upright before he carried on walking. Quickening his pace when he felt his brother beginning to go limp. Cas hurriedly reached inside his pocket to pull out his keys, nearly dropping them, but able to keep them from slipping past his fingers. Getting Balthazar into the room wasn’t as bad as he thought until Balthazar collapsed onto his bed.
“Stop acting like an idiot, Castiel. You supposedly knew him that day he ran out on you and look where that led. I refuse for you to put yourself back into that situation again. We’ve been down this road before and I nearly lost you. I’m not letting you do this to yourself again.”
Cas debated on which gif he should send and settled on Bashful, one of the seven dwarfs, blushing and saying thank you. It was a good portrayal of how he looked now.
Cas chuckled, feeling his cheeks getting warm, and struggled to find a way to get out of the conversation. He brought her attention to the flowers asking her if they were the right color or if she wanted them to be set up a different way. Cas thought he was in the clear when she started walking out the door after purchasing the tulips when she turned around and said,
“It's two in the fucking the morning!” Cas half shouted. Filled with impatience. He was tempted to leave him on the steps and go back to bed.
Eric laughed. “Yeah right, and how would you even know that? Do you keep track of everything your neighbor does? Stalker.”
, Cas thought, pushing the button for floor one. He stood waiting for a few seconds. It turned out luck was on his side. Then again maybe it wasn’t. He didn’t catch a glimpse of the guy who he was beginning to think of as Hottie McHotpants. His cheeks burned a little at the foolish nickname. He was thankful no one could read his mind or ever know about this school-boy crush. He would rather be faced with the spider from hell again than to have his thoughts about the guy out in the open. It was much better to have those few rare looks because he didn’t have to know the truth of what that guy thought of him or if he actually swung that way. If he did he was too damn attractive to give a single thought about Cas. At least he could still look from afar.
“Perhaps I’ll have to take you up on that sometime.” He could practically hear Dean’s eyebrows raising suggestively. He didn’t need to see him to know that it was true, but how Cas wanted to see Dean. It was becoming tougher to imagine him as anyone besides Hottie McHotpants and if Dean looked anything like him, Cas wouldn’t know what to do with himself.
. His mind was getting sluggish now, he was fighting to stay awake and Dean has to go and throw this curveball at him. Well, Dean wasn’t going to win.
“I’ll have to read it if you want me to help you. I knew this would happen and I wasn’t going to help you because nothing good comes from drunk or stoner texts, but now you’ve gotten yourself all in a panic,” he said.
“You’re pissy,” Cas said with all the maturity level of a five-year old and rolled onto his side while giggling.
He tore away from his brother’s grip and slammed the door behind him. He hurried down the porch steps and when he had walked a good distance away from the house, he remembered the source behind the fight. His damn phone. He took it out of his pocket now and looked down at the notification that indicated he had a new message. He tapped on it and began to read the message.
“A French accent or a French man? Either is doable for me.” There was that smirk again. Cas could hear it clear as day and it irked him because his mind immediately went to Hottie McHotpants. Goddammit.
“Shut up,” Cas grumbled. Moving over to a bean bag, he clumsily sat down onto it. There just never was a graceful way to sit on one of these things.
Gradually, he stood up straight and fumbled with his keys. It pissed him off a little to see that there wasn’t even that much mail for him. All that work to only find a couple papers advertising for a car loan or if he were interested in joining a local church group. He considered throwing them into the nearest trash can, even looked around the room for one, when the lobby doors swung open and the person who stepped in completely distracted him from his task.
“Go on and talk to him then. See if you can even type an actual message,” Balthazar said with an edge of a taunt in his voice. Cas rose to the challenge.
Dean flopped on the bed and sighed. It had been a long day at the shop and he was beat. That’s when he heard it for the first time; the crying through the wall. His first thought was that there was no way in hell he would get any sleep with these paper thin walls. He briefly wondered why the person on the other side of the wall was so upset. He also wondered why he hadn’t checked if he could hear everything his neighbors were doing before moving into the apartment a couple weeks ago. After a half hour of loud sobbing dean buried his head under his pillow and settled into a sound sleep.
“Don’t go too far back inside the closest. I don’t wanna have to go in there and drag your ass out,” he said with a chuckle of his own. This was the first time he ever heard Dean get flustered. Serves him right. Shouldn’t have confused me, Cas thought while closing his eyes.
Fun fact about that spider scene, it actually happened to me and that experience led to the inspiration of this chapter. Hope you guys had as much fun reading this chapter as I had writing it. Please comment/like if you enjoyed this.
He tapped his fingers nervously on the back of his phone trying to get out some measure of his nervous energy, but it wasn’t working. He felt his chest tighten and he was on the brink of panic before Cas replied.
“Listen, I’m really freaking sorry for running out on you like that. I just haven’t had anyone open up to me in a long time and I didn’t know how to react and I’m really stupid.”
Dean looked up from the order form he was trying to figure out how to fill out. “I try not to, but this is the glamorous life of a business owner.”
It wasn’t but a few seconds later, towards the time that Cas started to put his phone into his back pocket, that his phone buzzed again. With a quick glance at the screen, he read,
“Of course, Mr. Winchester, and my condolences. Do you know what your father’s wishes were for the body? I don’t believe an open casket will be an option.”
“I know you must’ve given it out because Dean texted me earlier today saying that he wanted to make sure I was okay. Not only did you tell him my phone number, but you told him I was in trouble too? I thought you considered him some creepy dude living next to me and all of a sudden you’re giving out my personal information to him?”
“Don’t!” He shouted. Scrambling over to the open archway in the kitchen. Edging closer to the living room.
“Hm,” Cas hummed. “And I guess if I follow suit then that one fellow and I will be getting on pretty well.”
As foolish as it was, Cas thought of Dean. Of how stupid he’s been to react this way when Dean had only been a good friend to him up until he abruptly left. That shouldn't have been enough to crush Cas. It wasn't as if Dean had told him to fuck off or to stop being such a nuisance. All Dean had done was leave, but somehow that cut Cas deeper than if Dean had said those other insults to him. To top it off, Cas could push that aside. He could move past the feeling of abandonment. At this moment, Cas wished more than ever that he was back at his shabby apartment. Wished that he hasn't been so foolish because now he may never get the chance to explain himself to Dean. Would never get the chance to apologize for being an idiot. Castiel wished pleadingly that someone would come to save him, but no one came for him.
“I think it’s becoming my favorite too. You’ve corrupted me, ya know. I never used to really like that kind of music till I heard you playing it.”
“You just gave it to him because you felt sorry for him? You could’ve asked me. Hell, maybe you could have thought to tell him to mind his own business. He doesn’t care, Balthazar. He never did,” said Cas, heavy resentment ringing throughout his voice towards the end. He couldn’t hide it. He could try to block the memory, but he couldn’t hide how he felt when he was left alone. He knew he shouldn’t have opened up. Especially with how they had only known each other for a short time, Cas should’ve thought before he spoke and if he had the chance to go back, he wouldn’t repeat what he had said. Maybe then he could’ve kept a friendship with Dean. If friendship is something they even had. Cas highly doubted it at this point, but he would’ve preferred to kid himself into believing that Dean had wanted to be friends rather than find out the truth the way he had.
“That’s, uh, that’s a good,” said Cas, stumbling over his words, not knowing what to say. “I mean, um, good. That is good.” He winced at his response. It sounded as coordinated as a flailing seal and had the same intelligence as one. He tried to think of something else to say, ignoring the soft laughter he could hear coming from Dean. He gave up, sighing in frustration. “It’s not funny Dean.”
He locked up the shop not long after. He felt dead beat tired and he could no longer breath out of his nose. Dayquil was no match against this cold nor the fever that was only getting worse with every passing minute. He wanted to lay down and sleep to the tunes of Elvis and The Beatles, while he dreamt of McHotpants. The last obstacle remaining in his way was just driving back home. I can make it, he thought while dragging his body inside the car.
Castiel fought back a scream. His mind racing with fragmented ways to knock Jorge out so he could escape. His broken, jumbled thoughts only went back to the one person he needed right now. Who he knew could save him.
Eric shrugged and stepped the rest of the way in, closing the door behind him. “I don’t know, the store is having the floors redone so I have a few days off. I thought it would be great but I’m really bored so I decided to stop by and bug you.” He flopped down in the small chair in front of Dean’s desk and started playing with the mini pool table.
Once he had found the bathroom, being only across the hall and two doors down, Cas bandaged up his cheek after cleaning up the bit of dried blood and slowly made his way out back into the hallway. Always aware of the pain that each step brought to his joints, but now it was safely muted in the back of his mind. As he drew closer to the end of the hallway, Cas started smelling a skunky scent. The smell only growing stronger as Cas kept walking until he hit the landing of the staircase. He could hear the faint sounds of music being played from somewhere downstairs. The flight of stairs would be murder to his aching legs, but Cas wanted to know what Balthazar was up to and to ask his brother why he had gone and given Dean his phone number in the first place.
Raising his eyebrows, Cas waited for a verbal response to come and rolled his eyes when Balthazar remained to stare at him hazily. “Seriously, Balthazar, how can you even stand the smell?”
“No, but really why can’t I run into a decent guy at a bar that doesn’t spout cheese ball lines? They don’t even buy me drinks. I guess my angelic voice doesn’t attract men I’d actually want to date, but then there’s Balthazar who isn’t all too good looking getting surrounded by good-looking people. So maybe it’s my personality.”
“I just have to get through this day. I can do that. It won’t be that bad,” he muttered. He pushed himself to walk out the door, deciding against walking down the stairs. The elevator would be easiest and he hoped to god that the cute guy wasn’t there. He knew he looked like a mess having not bothered to tame his hair or think about the clothes he threw on.
“I guess we’ll have to make it a date then.” Was he being serious? Cas found it difficult to tell and he had nothing to go off of except Dean’s voice which hardly gave him indication to one way or the other. He decided to laugh it off, although his mind was racing and his heart started beating faster.
“Shut the hell up Balthazar. Can you get your fat ass off of me? You're crushing my spine.” Cas wiggled underneath his brother. Struggling to even move an inch.
Cas laughed till he was cut off by a harsh cough. He reached for his blanket and snuggled back into it. He rested his head against the wall now and quietly laughed a little more. He could hear Dean’s muffled laughter from the other side and for a while, they simply laughed. It felt good. It had been a long time since they’d merely just sat and talked and laughed like this. Cas missed hearing Dean laugh, really laugh.
, Cas thought. Right now he was content to keep talking with Dean. He didn’t know why thinking or even talking with Dean caused a smile to lift his lips or create a flight of butterflies in his stomach, however, Cas wasn’t opposed to the sensation. For the first time, he was starting to feel happy again. Something he didn’t think would happen for a long time, so he settled for enjoying the feelings that came with Dean without putting much thought to it. Cas always messed things up when he put too much thought into something. Dean’s voice carried him out of his musings.
Dean was stunned, he wasn’t sure what he had expected but it wasn’t that. John had put him through a lot. He had done awful things, could Dean really let that back into his life? On the other hand, John seemed sincere, he seemed sorry. Maybe he had gotten better as the years went on, perhaps he really did change.
Castiel watched his brother walk out of view before he looked down at his phone again. Regardless of what Balthazar had advised, there was no way for him to outright ignore the text. And although the text may have been sent in pity or a way to get out of the situation, Cas still couldn’t bring himself to simply stop talking to Dean.
Cheers to anyone who figures out what Cas' number spells out. It was my co-writers idea and we both thought it'd be brilliant as well as awesome if someone knew what it stood for. Comment and let us know if you were able to figure it out and what you think it stands for. Thank you again for reading! We hope you enjoyed this chapter and Balthazar :) We both really loved Balthazar's perspective and we hope you did too. Feel free to send us feedback and let us know if you're liking the story so far.
A tremendous chill racked up his body while he was standing at his stove making tea. He felt disgusted by the thin sheen of sweat, as it gleamed under the fluorescent lights. Could his body not make up its mind? Cas grabbed the closet blanket off his bed and huddled into it. He finished off pouring honey into his cup of tea and shuffled to his bed. He didn’t know if Dean had gotten back yet, he wasn’t sure if he should’ve been playing this record knowing what song was on it and if it had been a good idea to have it be heard, but Cas felt it described his mood. He even started to hum along a bit.
“I don’t think there’s any chance of that Castiel.” His name came off sounding like velvet. A shiver went through him at hearing his full name fall from Dean’s lips. What was this man doing to him?
I know this chapter turned dark, but don't worry it's going to be alright. Jorge is going to get what's coming to him soon. So, let us know what you thought of this chapter and thank you for reading! :) Chapters may start updating less frequently as my co-writer and I are currently heading into our first year of college, however, we do still plan on continuing with this story and so updates will still happen.
When he woke the following morning, Cas’ entire body ached as if he had gotten trampled by a herd of elephants. The simple act of rolling over became a trialing act of overwhelming agony. His mind couldn’t focus on anything other than the burning sensation in his bones as he stretched his legs over the side of the mattress. Eventually, he was able to gather up enough strength to sit in an upright position, rather than in the hunched state he had been in. Gritting his teeth against a flare of pain that went up to his ribcage. For a moment, he was able to push aside the aches in his body and take in his surroundings. Having forgotten that he wasn’t at his own apartment, but was indeed in a guest room at his brother’s house.
“Samson, come here.” Dean sat down on the sagging couch and patted the seat beside him for Samson to come to sit down.
Just as it looked like the other man was going to take a step towards him, Cas bolted for the stairs. The elevator was too close and would’ve made it all too easy for McHotpants to follow him. Under different circumstances, he’d have dreamt and wished for McHotpants to come to find him.
He sent the message with a flurry of emotions inside him. None of which he gave attention to. It’s just Dean, he told himself. Maybe it’s just because of everything that happened. Cas left it as that and resumed doing what he had been doing before which was thinking of McHotpants. How would it go again? He would take me in his arms and hold me close, leading me to the couch where tea would be waiting at the table. I would snuggle close to him—
Car accident. He was already so tense that his body lit up after reading that. His stomach turned and he leaned over to gag but covered it up with a cough. It might be nothing. It might be totally unrelated. Accidents happen all the time. His hands were shaking slightly as he tapped the next text into his phone and sent it off.
They were back at the apartment now because Dean didn’t need to hide from John anymore. Already he could tell this place wasn’t going to be big enough to raise Samson. The kid was making laps around the living room and kitchenette with his iron man action figure in hand. God, he was already thinking about raising Samson, but that’s what was going to happen wasn’t it? There was no more family left, John had destroyed the rest. There was a chime from his phone.
The bell rang, alerting Cas to an incoming customer. It was an elderly woman with a cloud of white hair on the top of her head. She had a kind smile and came to him asking for a bouquet of tulips, telling him they were for her granddaughter. He went around getting the flowers for her and attempted some small talk.
“He did go to jail, 2-year sentence. Not long enough. By the time the charges went through I was 18 anyway so I didn’t go into the system, I just couch surfed and lived on the street for a while.”
Cas accepted the humiliation that filled him. Knew that he deserved every insult that was thrown at him. He didn't bother to tell himself differently or refute against Jorge’s words. Of course, even if he had wanted to defend himself, his mind was too muddled to form a good enough defense. He felt grateful that Jorge had even bothered accepting his request.
He rubbed his neck and wondered what the hell he was supposed to say to that. He couldn’t tell him the truth.
He took a deep breath and prepared himself to either turnaround and see that McHotpants had already gone on his way or if he were still somewhere in the lobby. It was a toss-up for which he was wishing for more. He gritted his teeth against yet another dizzy spell. Okay maybe he wouldn’t talk to the guy, but he had to be able to at least wave and smile for christ’s sake.
Cas took a good look at his brother's face, seeing the way his eyes were heavily dilated. Either he was incredibly stoned or drunk. Knowing Balthazar, he could've been both.
care about the future. Dean doubted he had anything in mind, and he wouldn’t give a fuck if John did have final wishes for his burial; for all he cared they could chuck it in the bin out back and be done with it.
Cas woke up with a scratchy throat the next morning. At first, it wasn’t too painful and he hoped it would go away as he went through his morning routine, but by the time he poured himself a cup of coffee he felt like a million razor blades had just scrapped their way down his throat. Drinking coffee only made it worse. If Cas could describe the sensation, it would be that he felt as if he were chugging down a gallon of hot lava. In the end, he dumped the rest of the coffee down the sink, made an attempt to sip some water, and when that caused a sharp pang of irritation to erupt from his throat, Cas gave up on the idea of drinking anything today.
“What? Was he not being one when he ran out on you? Come on, Cas. The guy said he was sorry and that you don’t even have to forgive him. Leave it at that. I don’t see why this calls for you to have to reply back.”
“Don’t get your panties in a twist. I’ll tell ya about Dean, alright? When I went over to your place to get you some clothes and stuff, he came over and I think he was expecting to see you and—”
“Sure you do,” Castiel replied tiredly. His main goal was getting Balthazar past Dean’s apartment without waking him up. He couldn’t imagine what Dean would think if he heard or even saw him carrying a half-drunk guy into his apartment.
There was a brief moment of scuffing sounds coming from the room and a stumble before the door opened fully to reveal his brother wearing a lazy grin. The open door also released more of the potent scent that had been the source of Cas’ curiosity. It took him two seconds to piece everything together from Balthazar’s dilated eyes to the origin of where the smell was coming from. It was a bong sitting on the table. Wisps of gray smoke were still swirling out from the top of it. Cas could just barely see it over his brother’s shoulder, but there was no mistaking what it was, not when Cas had seen his fair share of bongs and pipes at parties and dorm rooms when he’d gone to college. The only thing that stumped him was the intensity of the foul smell. He had smelled pot that had been a bit skunky or quite frankly smelt like weeks old garbage, but this weed, however, stunk of vomit and of something else that had rotted and had been overgrown with mold long ago. Why the hell is he smoking this shit? Cas wondered before he blurted out the question. Balthazar responded to his question with a lazy grin that was followed by a low chuckle.
Fuck. Cas heard that. Fuuuck. He wondered how much Cas had listened to and if maybe they could pretend like that whole song didn’t just happen.
“She asks me ‘what about a fellow?’ and hands me a picture of her grandson. At that time I was sort of against it, ya know, it was weird, but I’d be lying if I said the guy wasn’t cute. He was easy on the eyes and all. I’m just not sure about it, but apparently next month she might drop him by the shop for him to meet me. Maybe I’ll go along with it if he matches up to the photo I saw.”
Dean chuckled, racked his brain for an Elvis song, and sang the beginning of the first one he could think of. ‘“When we kiss my heart's on fire, burning with a strange desire, and I know each time I kiss you that your heart's on fire too.’”
He was flabbergasted and couldn’t respond. It didn’t matter for it seemed she wasn’t looking for a response as she simply left the store. It seemed that that was just how it was going to be. One way or the other apparently he was going to have to meet her grandson whether he agreed to it or not.
“I’m not sharing my bed with you.” Castiel’s protest fell on deaf ears. His brother’s loud snores were already filling the room. He’d have to sleep on the floor or squish his way onto the bed. The latter of the two seemed more exhausting. He thought of the sleeping bag that he had stuffed away in the tiny hall closet. For one night, it wouldn’t be too terrible to sleep on the floor. Cas glanced over at Balthazar, knowing deep down that he was glad to have his brother here in his room rather than having him driving home in the condition that he was in.
“Nothin’ is set in stone. He’s not the only one keeping me on my toes. I guess I’m just like the song. I’m all shook up. Nice singin’ by the way,” he said. “We sounded pretty good together. I would like to take credit for corrupting you.”
“Because he acted like a complete fucking douche and it’s great that he feels sorry for it. Points to him for acknowledging his stupidity. That doesn’t mean you go and forgive him. That you go on to have a conversation. I don’t want you to get hurt again because
Guys you've got to listen to this song for this chapter. It's super cute, it's by Elvis, and it's related to this chapter. Here's the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rQEbQJx5Bo
Castiel handed over his phone with a small tinge of reluctance. Watching Balthazar’s facial expressions change as he read through the short response. He heard him mutter, “Damn right he should be sorry,” and “Well at least he’s smart to assume that much.” Then Balthazar handed back the phone and sat down on a beanbag.
I'm sorry Dean, Cas thought before completely losing all train of thought. He felt heavy weight settle on top of him, but his hearing was drifting like static on a radio. He felt himself disconnect from reality. Didn't feel the clammy hands on his body anymore. In fact, Castiel felt quite peaceful drifting off into the black sea of unconsciousness. He didn't return for a very long time but even in the sea of abyss, his mind would occasionally trail off to thoughts of a better time when Gabriel was alive. Followed by bits and pieces of what would’ve happened if Dean hadn't left so suddenly.
“Goodbye, Balthazar.” Cas turned on his heel and didn’t bother to look back when he heard his brother call out for him to wait. He almost made it out the door when Balthazar grabbed onto his wrist and jerked him back into the house.
Thank you all so much for continuing to read this story!❤️ I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. Feel free to comment and let us know what you think :)
He felt better after his stomach heaved out all of the one sandwiches that he had attempted to eat. The cold porcelain felt amazing pressed against his overheated skin. He stayed there until he knew that he could stand once more. He took a glance at his wrist as cursed under his breath. It was nearly a quarter past 6. Dean would be coming home soon and he had the idea of planning a song that could say all of what his emotions were right now. He walked on shaky legs to his living room and searched for the record that had Elvis sitting with a guitar and a black background. He popped the record in and let it play just loud enough where he knew it could be heard by Dean.
Dean looked up from his papers, suddenly interested. Hadn’t Cas said he met someone last night? Why does Eric have to try to hook up with everyone Dean has a connection to.
He hit send before he could chicken out and delete the entire message. He then walked to the kitchen, following the smell of bacon, and found Balthazar sitting at the island counter with a plateful food in front of him and another plate placed across from him.
“Aw come on Cassie, stop being a sourpuss,” Said Balthazar. Not even attempting to move off his brother.
“No, but I wish I was right now,” Castiel said with a strained voice. He turned around, phone still in hand, and said, “I think I may need your help with this one.”
“Yeah…” Suddenly Dean didn’t feel like going into the more intimate details of his younger life. He felt drained from sharing just the basic facts, nevermind how he felt about them or how his father acted the rest of the time. Dean decided to do what he did best and redirect the conversation.
Cas’ jaw clenched tightly, he wasn’t going to throw up in a hallway that was for damn sure. He cursed the fact that his room was several floors up and wondered why he’d ever wanted a room on such a high level. He came up to the landing that led to the set of stairs that Balthazar had broken a few weeks ago. They were fixed now, but the memory of that night left Cas feeling bitter. His body didn’t let him dwell on those emotions for too long. He practically knocked his door down when he shoved against the door, struggled with his keys, and shut his door firmly behind him when he stepped inside. He was going to lock the door when his feet carried him to the bathroom.
He just wanted to get his mail and hightail it to his place. No one was close by when he walked up to the beige rows of mailboxes. Cas did his best to not breathe through his mouth too loudly. How was it that a few steps could make him feel so winded? A roll of nausea overcame him for a moment that slowly passed when he let his head rest against the cool metal of his mailbox. He briefly imagined how he must look like some crackhead having withdrawals. He felt too sweaty in his t-shirt and jeans.
“I don’t want to get stoned, Balthazar. I want to know why you gave out my phone number to Dean without my knowing and then didn’t even bother to tell me that you gave it to him,” Cas said, not bothering to keep out the edge of anger that had crept up into his voice. His brother remained unfazed.
Cas grinned a little and typed, Well when you get back you’ll be hearing Elvis playing. He bit his lip when pressing send. Maybe it wasn’t a very forward text, but to Cas, it felt different sending it to Dean than if he were to send it to someone else like, say, Balthazar. It made him feel jittery like he’d had too much sugar. He didn’t want to think about it too much in case it decided to go away so he left it alone. It was hard to do when he felt the phone buzz and Dean’s name pop up. He wasn’t proud of the noise that he made when he read the message.
He held out his phone and tried to focus on the screen. Most of the letters on the keyboard he could barely see. He refused to let his brother be right though and he squinted his eyes to get a better view of the keyboard. It only worked to allow him to see a few half-dozen letters. The rest remained to be a smudgy blur. Cas got stuck on how weird the smudgy shapes looked and couldn’t help but wonder what could have made them look that way. Throughout his struggle, Balthazar got up and walked over to one of the pinball machines.
Cas ran his fingers through his hair, trying to make it less chaotic, and pulled a little at his shirt to straighten it out a bit. He figured that he didn’t look the greatest, he certainly didn’t feel the most attractive, but at least he could’ve passed as presentable. It was all that he could hope for in his situation.
“You wouldn’t have to hear this if you weren’t acting like a fucking idiot. I’m not going to stand here and act like this is all okay and that everything is rainbows and sunshine when just two days ago I saw you lying on the ground, hardly conscious, and a guy that you had once trusted towering over you, getting ready to-”
Balthazar chuckled loudly into Cas’ ear before he slowly staggered his way off of his younger brother. Swaying only a little once he’d gotten to his feet. His hands grabbing for the rusted metal railing behind him, to help steady himself.
“No, Cas, I think we ought to talk,” Balthazar said sternly. His brother had nearly been flat on his ass with how stoned he’d gotten, and yet in a split second, he appeared as sober as the day he was born. His gaze set on Cas’ face.
, Cas thought. And as he considered the option, the image of Hottie McHotpants flickered through his mind.
Castiel would’ve punched his brother in the face if he’d had the ability to move his arms. Balthazar knew he had him pinned down. His grin widened with pure amusement. Cas wanted to wipe the smile off of his face but alas he couldn’t.
“You’re stressing yourself out over someone that’s not even worth it. It just sounds like someone that wants to cover their ass and he did a fine job of that. Leave it be, Cas,” Balthazar said sternly. He rose up from the bean bag and headed out the door. “Breakfast is ready if you want to eat.”
He proceeded to show her all the steps involved while she doled out empty compliments and kept “accidentally” pressing against him and shoving her cleavage in his face. After he had finished he wiped his hands on a nearby rag before throwing it on the ground.
“Okay. My life is a complete wreck right now. I’m a 25-year-old, man with a mountain pile of debt and so many other things are falling apart right now. For example, I just got dumped and my brother died in a car accident because some stupid ass drunk driver ran a red light and smashed into the driver’s side of the car. Not to mention that I’m in a tiny apartment talking to a total random stranger about my damn problems.”
, he thought. “There was that one time someone had me call them daddy. Caught me by surprise, I mean I wasn't used to having to be the one to say it.”
“I’m sorry too. I’ve been waiting all this time for you to come back and now here you are and I need to go and act like a dick. I’m probably not the best authority to tell other people that they’re being distant anyway. I just know that if my brother was still around I would hope he could understand if I was was a bit overprotective.”
“‘...not come out right. Though I tried not to hurt you, though I tried.’ That’s one of my favorite parts.” Dean smiled out of the corner of his mouth while hoping that Cas wouldn’t notice how much the lyrics pertained to their situation.
“Don't call me that! You're so fucking annoying. I'm trying to help you but I swear I will leave you down here.” Cas managed to get his arms out in front of him. Regretting the lack of muscle but hopefully, he could at least escape because now he really was starting to feel like he was being crushed by Balthazar.
Cas refocused when he heard Balthazar loudly singing out of tune. He decided to get up and see if he could stick a spatula into his brother’s mouth to get him to shut up and then maybe help out with breakfast. He looked down at his phone one last time. Three little dots were now present on the left side of the screen.
“Stop. I don’t want to hear this.” Cas’ body was beginning to tremble with resentment towards Balthazar for bringing up Jorge and using him as a weapon to win a fucking argument. He didn’t care to be reminded of his past mistakes. He didn’t care to be yelled at like a naive child.
Cas pondered on whether he should tell Dean about the boy and how he was thinking maybe he’d follow through with a date if the guy ever showed up at the shop. He nearly considered against it, but hearing Dean talk this way amused him too much.
“Why are you even here? You broke the fucking stairs and then you call me up at two in the morning because your stupid ass couldn't walk properly.” Cas had never been a morning person. Not to mention he’d been having a very pleasant dream before he’d been rudely awakened by his obnoxious brother.
Hope you guys are still enjoying the story. Comment below on what you thought, we love feedback and hope you love the story as much as we love writing it.
“Because once you’re as high as I am, you can’t even smell it, little brother. I thought it was just some shitty weed too, but the dealer was right, it gives you the best high that no other weed has ever given you before. Just try it Cassie, and you’ll see for yourself.” His words came out slow and elongated. It made it difficult for Cas to listen to him without feeling the urge to smile or laugh. And he was still a tinge bit upset with his brother lending out his contact information to Dean.
He followed the sound of music, passing by another bathroom on his way down a short hallway, and stopped at the last door where the origin of music seemed to be coming from.
“Maybe I’ll come around sometime next month. It will be my daughter’s birthday and she adores carnations.”
“I don’t think you knew exactly what would happen, not that I even know what happened, but I think you knew it wouldn’t go well. I think you’re self-destructive. You’re not always the victim Cas, you can tell yourself that you are every day of your life and you can keep ruining things for yourself and pushing people away but in the end, all you’re doing is spinning your wheels and going nowhere.”
A couple of hours before closing Dean heard the door to his office open. He looked to find Eric standing in the doorway.
He tried to shake off the thoughts as he got ready for the day and drove to work but after all these years John still had a hold on him. As he rolled up to the shop Dean hoped that he could keep his mind off the whole subject and just focus on fixing up some cars. He had always loved his job because it was so straightforward. Find the problem, get the correct tools and parts, and fix it. Nothing couldn’t be fixed if you had enough patience and knowledge. Just as he was getting to work on the engine of a Honda S2000, he heard a whining voice behind him.
“I sent him a text, Balthy. What do you have to say to that?” Cas asked in his slow way of speaking. His eyelids drooping closed with tiredness.
Dean paced around his apartment wondering what exactly he should do with himself. He briefly visited Samson after work and that made him feel a bit better (despite John being in just the other room). He didn’t feel like he could talk to Eric, and it was Stacy and Viv’s date night so he couldn’t go hang out with them either. Eventually, he settled on absentmindedly strumming at his guitar. He started with a couple beginner tunes, singing whatever song came to mind. Eventually, he settled on singing a song his mother used to hum sometimes as she tended to her flowerbeds.
“He left you. Left you all alone, didn’t he? Well, he's surely not going to come back for your crybaby ass,” Jorge taunted. One of his hands were pulling on Cas’ zipper. Castiel couldn't move. His limbs felt as heavy as lead. His mind strung out and tired.
His mind flew with emotions when his eyes looked at the heart. He felt almost rooted to the spot when he saw it. Cas didn’t know how to feel. It was all mixed up in the excitement that Dean had responded at all to his last text. He nearly let himself to begin overthinking it until he remembered how Dean reacted the night of the incident. It wasn’t too long ago. He was being too fast, too hasty. His mind was all too happy to carry on with fantasies. One of which involved Cas finally seeing Dean. There were so many scenarios… He couldn’t let himself get carried away, though. They were supposed to be friends. No matter how quick his pulse raced when seeing the tiny heart on the screen, he refused to mess up again. Dean could’ve not meant to send the heart and just didn’t notice. Although the thought sent a feeling of a heavy rock sinking down in his stomach, he had to remain logical.
“Come on, don't fuckin’ pass out on me. I didn't sign up to take care of you,” Jorge snipped. Cas struggled to get a hold of his surroundings. His legs felt like jello. He couldn't stop swaying or manage to keep his eyes fully open.
“Well, that makes me feel less upset about being sick. I've always been into musicians,” Cas paused and wondered if he should mess with Dean.
He felt warmth bloom in his stomach like a thousand butterflies were fluttering around inside him. He was nervous, but why? It was just Dean saying hi.
“I made an excuse, something about paperwork, I don’t really remember. Somehow after all this time she still hasn’t picked up on the fact that I’m gay. It’s amazing, really, when you think about it.”
Alrighty, I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter :) My co-writer and I are really happy with this chapter and we really loved writing it. Next chapter we're bringing in a surprise new perspective. I think you're gonna love them haha. So let us know what you thought and thank you for reading!
It was during around the middle of Balthazar’s second game session that Castiel fully gave up on ever seeing the full keyboard, and decided to work with the letters that were given to him. With his head swimming in a haze and his body feeling light as a balloon,
“I have no idea man. I don't remember how I got here.” Cas could barely understand the garbled words. Balthazar’s body shook with laughter. Cas felt the stirrings of a headache beginning to take shape.
“Listen, I know you probably don’t want to talk to me. Hell, you probably don’t even want to look at me, but I want to start over. I’ve changed. I stopped drinking six years ago, I’ve been going to AA, and I’m not going to lie, it’s hard sometimes, but I’m trying. You’re my son, I know I may have burned this bridge, but I would like to have you back in my life.”
Cas heard a door shut from out in the hallway and figured it must’ve been Dean coming home, so he sang out the next line of the song. “Well, my hands are shaky and my knees are weak. I can't seem to stand on my own two feet” To his surprise, he heard Dean’s voice join in and Cas forgot about singing the next line.
“Dean? You alright?” Cas knew that he had overshared. He feared that he had ruined their friendship. Castiel’s pulse raced as he waited for a reply but all Cas got was the sound of Dean’s door shutting and the quick footsteps of retreat. A brief thought of Dean coming to his door crossed his mind. They’d finally meet. He’d be able to see Dean and he’d….Well, Cas didn’t know what would happen next, but all that meant the most to him was finally getting to meet Dean face to face. Except that didn’t happen. Dean never came to his door. He’d left him. Left him alone in his apartment without even a single word of warning. Cas felt his heart plummet to his stomach. All hope quickly crashing down inside of him. It left him unbearably cold. Tears began to sting his eyes. Cas attempted to hold them back but his mind flashed back to the conversation he’d had with Jorge. His words echoing in his head.
Cas scanned over the sentences with a goofy grin on his face. He didn’t bother fighting autocorrect or the fact that he couldn’t use the letter A, and he also didn’t bother to think of scrapping the message altogether when maybe he would’ve if he were sober. He wasn’t in the right state of mind, though, he was gleefully stoned, and his text didn’t appear to be too bad. At least to him, it didn't seem that way. Just as his brother looked over his shoulder towards him, Cas’ thumb hit send.
Dean glanced at his closet, full to the brim with flannels and levis.”I would call my wardrobe more standard.”
Just as he thought himself ready to take a few steps towards the door and get to a bathroom, a loud vibration noise came from behind him, making Cas turn suddenly around. His rib ached dully in protest to the quick movement, causing Cas to wince and instinctively reach for his side. When he looked down at the table, he wanted to smack himself. It was only his phone alerting him of a text message. Cas nearly ignored it. Meant to turn back around and go back to making his way to the bathroom, but something made him reach down and pick up the phone. He swiped his thumb against the lock screen and went to the text notification. It wasn’t a number he recognized and he almost set his phone back down when he caught sight of the words beneath the bar that read the phone number.
He put his phone in his pocket and sighed. He had to tell Samson. He couldn’t wait anymore. It wasn’t fair to him, but he didn’t know where to start.
“Shut the fuck up.” A chill went up Castiel’s spine. His heart raced with fear when the last of the feeble light drained from the room as Jorge shut the door. He couldn't escape. Trapped inside the room like a caged animal. Cas tried to scoot up the bed, but clammy cold hands clamped down onto his ankles.
I know it's been a while since the last update. I hope you guys are still with us and enjoyed this new chapter. We get to know more about Dean! I personally loved this Dean chapter because we get to learn more about him and we see little Sammy. I find him so adorable. So, let us know what you thought and perhaps how you felt about newcomers John and Sammy. Thank you for reading! :)
Cas scrubbed his hands against his face. His fingers running along the cut across his cheek. A low hiss escaping him as the wound seemed to burn against his fingertips. When he pulled his hands away from his face, he saw that there was a small smear of blood on his index finger. Fucking great, he thought before clenching his teeth once more as he got up from the bed. His knees and legs screaming out in protest, causing him to nearly collapse back onto the bed. He was able to stop himself from falling when his hand grasped the corner edge of a nightstand. Cas took a few steadying breaths in hopes of gaining control of his pain. Having to grind his teeth together to stop any sounds from escaping his mouth. The last thing he wanted was to alert Balthazar when all he’d done was try to stand up.
Dean let out a half chuckle. “I think the rainbows may mess up my macho aesthetic but I’m willing to try anything at this point. But what’s this about you getting set up today?”
Cas didn’t get to see Balthazar roll his eyes or see him place a blanket over his body because he had fallen into a deep sleep not long after rolling over and a smile remained on his lips. He didn’t hear his brother say, “G’night, sleep well little brother.”
Dean flinched. He had never told many people about the accident, even after all these years buffering him against the distant memories. He wasn’t sure that he wanted to expose himself to Cas, but he had trusted him with the intimate details of his abusive relationship and his brother’s death. Who could better understand?
In an attempt to calm his now churning stomach, he closed his eyes and took a slow, calming breath. This worked to calm himself down, but not nearly enough to want to open his eyes again until he heard his phone give out a buzz and felt its vibration in his hand. Cas froze and looked down at the text that had just appeared.
A song to listen to while reading this chapter is: Let's Put the X in Sex by KISS. A special thanks to the writers of Twist and Shout, Gabriel and Standbyme, for we pay homage to the line, "I can dig Elvis."
“I’m sure you look just fine. I mean, you must have fallen from heaven because you sound like an angel.”
Dean’s eyes widened as he tried to figure out what the fuck you’re supposed to say to that. He’s sorry? Should he make a joke? Should he bake the guy some cookies?
“Uh huh, and how different is Dean really from Jorge? You thought you knew Jorge too. You swore to me that you could trust him. Yet here we are and you’re still making the same dumbass mistakes for another guy that you haven’t even seen!”
Cas bit his lip and struggled to scramble up onto his feet. His throat was starting to ache more than was tolerable. The only cure for it would be a double dose of Nyquil. He shuffled over to where he'd dropped the bag of medicine and said over his shoulder, “I wouldn't mind hearing a couple classic rock songs. I'm too lazy to change over the record.” He pulled out the Nyquil and poured himself a shot, downing it quickly before putting it down on a counter with a sigh. That stuff always tasted foul.
A medium sized dresser, that was opposite of the side of the bed, was centered on the far right wall. A desk was placed at the head of the room. To Cas, the bedroom felt overall bare to him and almost foreign. Memories from the day before had yet to take place in his mind, having already repressed many of the events, but the barrier he had put up wouldn’t hold forever. He did remember breaking down in front of his brother and acting foolishly. He, however, did not remember completely what had happened before being taken to this house. A flash here and there of something fuzzy and hardly clear enough for Cas to get a grasp of what exactly had happened to him. Part of his mind refused to think back. Almost as if it wanted to protect itself from reliving last night’s horrid nightmare.
“Sounds like it. I’m a sweater kind of guy myself. I’ve never known fashion. It’s getting kinda late and I know I’ve got to get to the store by 7 tomorrow. I think I’m going to head to bed.”
His options were far to none. Maybe he’s already seen it and decided not to respond. Cas could deal with that theory and let himself relax again while still reassuring himself. It was perfectly fine for Dean not to respond. Cas would explain later if he ever got the chance, but not right now. There was something about the idea of having to talk to Dean that sent a flurry of panic throughout his system. Already, now, he could feel himself beginning to grow nervous at the very idea of having a conversation with him after what had transpired between them. The embarrassment alone caused by his overreaction was enough to make Castiel never want to talk to Dean again. His mind worked over the possibility of never having to talk to Dean, and slowly he began to relax. He didn’t want to see the questions that Dean would ask. He didn’t want to have to write about what happened with—Cas took a heavy breath and refused to even think the name, but it still hung in his subconscious like a snake ready to strike—Him, his mind settled on. That would be the name Castiel would use. It was better than having to use
“Why does it matter to you?” Cas didn’t like Balthazar’s interest in Dean. He wished that Balthazar would leave the whole situation alone.
Scanning over the rest of the text for the second time, Cas felt no urge to delve into what happened. He didn’t want to remember, let alone tell Dean about it when he had been the one to leave the second Cas approached the subject of emotions. He didn’t want to see what Dean’s reaction would be to what he had gone through.
Cas started laughing. Why couldn't have Dean flirted with him when he wasn't sick? Though he had to admit, it made him feel less like crap. Even if Dean was just messing around. He could play along.
“Bro, I’m not hitting on you. Just sayin’, nope never mind. Look I’m sorry for keeping you up these past nights and for spilling all my shitty problems on you. I don’t even know your name.”
“Look, I’m not the biggest fan of your brother, but I’m glad you have someone looking out for you. It might seem like a pain in the ass to have someone care so much, but when it’s gone you’re going to miss it, trust me.”
“That's very tempting, Dean. Maybe another time when I'm not sick and there isn't a wall between us.” He let out a yawn and thought of how inviting his bed looked right now. The butterflies in his stomach had calmed and the day’s events had left him exhausted. “Goodnight Dean.”
“I'm here because I wanted to get a look at that guy you’re talking with. Now stop bitching at me and help me up.” He reached out a hand towards Cas but was met with indifference.
Dean couldn’t bear to go into any more detail. Even just laying out that much left his head swimming in a fog.
He waited for a response, keeping in his nervous laughter and fidgeting with his blanket hoping he hadn't gone too far.
“Well, you dancing in your underoos on stage had to be a sight for sore eyes. Wish I could have been there to see it.”
“Just has to buy me dinner first since I’m a class act an’ all," Cas said, chuckling a little before continuing on to say, “Ah, but I could never actually do that. I’ve got eyes for someone but every time I see them it’s never the right time.”
Cas glared up at Balthazar. He knew Dean couldn’t be fifty-five. He also knew that it was better to ignore Balthazar but still the urge to defend Dean kept digging at him.
She didn’t even skip a beat. “Okay, that’s going to be Gallager’s Funeral Home and Crematorium up on 32nd and Pine. It’s going to be a couple of days before you can pick up the remains because they conduct cremations on Thursdays and Mondays.”
Just after he unlocked the door and headed back to see what repairs they had for that day Brian walked in. Dean looked up from his clipboard. “You’re late.”
Cas laughed at himself which led to him coughing into his elbow. He sniffled weakly and prayed that the day would not be a long one.
Cas’ heart sped up. He could nearly feel it beating in his throat as he stared down at his phone as if he were imagining it. A set of heavy rocks felt like they sunk down into Castiel’s stomach as all appetite dissipated.
“That’s also the story of how I made nearly sixty bucks in one night. Balthazar had to beat the guys away, they were all so drunk and handsy. Had you been there who knows what would’ve happened. Knowing how drunk I was, a private showing would’ve been in the cards that night.”
“You just going to stand there like a loner or come in here? There’s enough bud for the both of us.” With a swipe of his thumb, Balthazar flicked on the lighter he got from his pocket and hovered his mouth over the top of the bong while the hand holding the lighter lowered towards the weed held in the bowl.
Dean stared down at the text on his phone. He knew he should be working on the pile of order forms and other paperwork stacked on his desk or helping Brian teach Frankie how to change a timing belt but that stupid goddamn text just kept staring him down. Cas couldn’t trust him. And the worst part was that Dean knew he was right. He had fucked up everything, in the span of a few hours he had destroyed Cas emotionally and physically. And to add to that he felt like he had betrayed Cas by sleeping with Eric like he somehow had a responsibility to save himself for Cas despite the fact that they weren’t dating in the first place. Maybe it just had to do with what Cas said, it made him feel like he needed to protect him. And the fact that Cas wasn’t even sure himself if or when he might be coming home made it even worse. Finally, Dean just typed back a simple you do what you need to do, set his phone in his desk drawer so he didn’t have to look at the damned thing, and got back to work.
They arrived at Jorge’s apartment. Jorge parking the car in the spot that had a faded number four painted on the asphalt. Most of the lights were already out except for the spare few that lit up the sidewalk adjacent to the apartment doors. Castiel could see flecks of black appearing in his vision now. Felt the sensation of being disconnected from his body. He hadn’t seen Jorge get out of the car nor hear him open the passenger’s door but suddenly, Cas was being dragged out of his seat and back into the bitter cold.
“I can imagine. What do you wear, a beanie and a denim jacket? Some ripped up jeans and maybe a scarf with a big lumberjack beard?”
“What kind of an idiot drives drunk? My brother didn’t do anything wrong! He was driving to a damn friends house but does God give a fuck? Out of all the bastards in this world and he takes my gentle caring older brother. Did the drunk fucker care that he killed my brother? He didn’t seem all too sad when he was informed on KHQ news, and all they’ve got to say is, “Up next, the traffic report. ” My stupid ex Jorge, decides to say to hell with my feelings and goes ahead and shags with another guy! Like who does that! A stupid asshole that’s who! And I walked in on him while he was fucking that other guy in our bedroom. Yep, do I get an apology? Do I get any support from my friends? No!”
Cas figured that he could attempt to get his attention and damn near slipping off the stool when he tried to give a slight wave towards the guy. The man grinned in amusement before his attention focused back on the bartender. Castiel cursed under his breath, knowing he’d made an idiot of himself. He thought of going home while he could still walk, but his gaze locked onto the one person he didn’t expect to see. All common sense left him when he got up and walked up to the person. He didn’t wait for them to say anything. His emotions were scrambled but what he craved the most was to have someone love him. To not be left alone in a room tonight. Castiel wrapped his arms around Jorge’s neck, kissing him forcefully.
Samson looked up when he said that. A blob of ketchup was clinging to his chin and threatening to drip down onto his yellow shirt. Dean handed him another napkin and went outside to finish the conversation.
He felt a little flurry of anger towards her. It surprised him some. It’s just because she sounds pushy. he tried to justify his feelings. And Dean has made it clear that he doesn’t like her so she should back off. He told himself this but there was some underlying emotion there that lurked behind his thoughts. But what else could it be? He couldn’t possibly be jealous. No, he was simply reacting out of a sickly feverish haze. That’s what was affecting his reactions. It had to be.
Castiel felt a role of disbelief wrapped in rage sweep over him. He wanted to think that it was just the pot settling in and was messing with his hearing. Wanted to believe that his brother had not just said those words. Gave it to him out of pity? He felt his hands begin to quiver as he quietly seethed with anger. How could his brother do that to him?
“Didn’t think you’d know Surrender. It’s one of his older songs; I thought you would only know the popular ones.”
Well, at least Cas isn’t dead too. He’s going to have a heart attack if there are any more surprises in the next few weeks.
Usually, he wasn’t much of a hugger, he just needed something to hold onto. Eric let out a surprised “oh” before tentatively wrapping his arms around Dean. “Hey, are you okay? What’s going on?”
“But if I do it then that means I’m making you get up on the pole too. It would be a shame to have only one of us fully nude.” Cas wasn’t sure where this was coming from. He also couldn’t seem to stop himself from saying these things. He blamed it on the fever for his lack of filter.
“Loosen up Cassie. How’d you find out about that anyway?” Balthazar kept his tone light and as easy as his smile while he turned back around and made his way to the table where the bong was.
“Oh, is that another kink of yours? Very bad accents? I must say I look forward to hearing you do a French one.”
Jorge snatched Cas by the shoulders, yanking him over to the door that had a rusted metal plate over it, with a number three engraved on the cheap metal. Cas squirmed against Jorge’s grip, but his movements were sluggish. His body was giving up to fatigue. Jorge got the door open, shoving Cas inside. He collapsed onto the lumpy, old mattress. Feeling the springs dig into his sides when he turned to face Jorge.
“Maybe I'll just talk through the walls and whoever replies is the psycho you’re talking to,” Balthazar said starting to laugh. Clinging to Cas for support. Being this close to his brother, Castiel could smell the scent of marijuana on his clothes.
“Don't be like that Cassie,” Said Balthazar, before continuing on after Castiel managed to glare up at his buffoon of a brother. “Alright I'll stop teasing you, but you have to point out which apartment your creepy crush lives in.”
“Your brother was taking care of you Cas, he gave enough of a shit to come over here and try to plow over the first guy he saw for you and to go get you from Jorge’s house and I’m sure he would do it all again. And you go and put yourself in a situation where you were in danger; you have people that care about you Castiel. Don’t you dare take that for granted. Don’t you dare throw that away.” Dean could feel his cheeks flushed, every muscle in his face wound tight as if trying to keep him from falling to pieces.
“Looking forward to it,” He meant to say more, but he was cut off by harsh coughing. His body shook until the fit ended and he was able to take a deep breath. “God, I hate being fucking sick. I feel so gross. Maybe the old lady was trying to give me a date out of sympathy because of how terrible I look. I mean I feel like I'm anything but sexy right now. Probably figured I needed help.”
He thought back to how throughout the whole day he had felt like someone who’d just been hit by a freight train, and even now his body still ached like that, but somehow hearing Dean’s voice made it more tolerable. It took his mind off of it.
Cas’ mind refused to acknowledge the mention of his ex’s name. He could feel it prod against the wall that he didn’t want to see come down and he downright refused for it to crumble.
This went on for three more days. At this point, Dean was seriously concerned. He wasn’t the kind of mushy guy to talk about feelings and emotions but there must have been something seriously wrong with this guy. After a half hour of listening to this guy cry, he caved and tapped lightly on the wall. The crying stopped for a second.
Cas thought. The name sounded familiar but he couldn’t remember exactly who she was. He tried his best to search through memories and only could come up with Dean talking about a woman that constantly hit on him at work. He supposed her name could’ve been Frankie.
Cas thought. He couldn’t help it. From the few rays of sunlight, Cas could see that the man had dark green eyes. The flannel he wore clung to him in all the right places. He had the sleeves rolled up so Cas got a view of the well-toned muscled arms that he’d fantasized being wrapped around him. A five a-clock shadow outlined his jaw, and his hair had a slight curl to it. It was cute. He was cute. Hell, he was damn right hot and Cas still didn’t know what to do. His stomach gave an unpleasant lurch. He didn’t want to leave, yet if he didn’t go then there wouldn’t be anything left for him to do but make a bigger fool of himself in front of the man. McHotpants was still giving his sexy smug grin towards Cas, and how Cas wanted to take the rest of the steps to cut the distance and talk to him, but he couldn’t. His body had royally screwed him over. Another churn of his stomach was answer enough for him. Today just wasn’t going to be his day.
“How’d you even fall anyway? Better yet how is it that your foot managed to go through one of the steps?” A bit of mirth coloring Cas’ response.
Cas shook his head, not wanting to deal with this. Balthazar had called him around 2:30 in the morning, demanding that he come down to help him up the stairs. Cas hadn't understood what his brother’s problem was until he came down to witness Balthazar’s idiocy first hand. What Castiel couldn't figure out was how Balthazar had completely broken the damn stairs by falling on them.
Dean was woken by the sound of a door slamming somewhere in the house. He faintly wondered who the hell was coming into his apartment at this time of night before remembering where he was. Eric, the bar, Cas. Cas. He pulled the covers closer around him. Suddenly he began hearing voices from the rest of the house.
“I love you soooo much Cassie,” Balthazar slurred. Leaning more of his weight onto Castiel’s small frame.
A few shots later, Castiel’s vision was beginning to get fuzzy. The room swayed whenever he turned his head to scan his surroundings. His heart leaped when he caught sight of a familiar dark-haired man, who was also sitting at the bar. Cas’ attention was captured by the stranger. He’d seen him back at the apartment complex in the elevator. Cas had wanted to talk to him but because of Balthazar, he had been in a hurry to get to the flower shop. He hadn't had time to stop and chat with anyone.
“I would simply start the conversation with, ‘Have any good conversations through the walls lately?’ And see how they would respond. Better yet, I’d sit down here and wait for a pervy fifty-five-year-old to come along.”
“Tall. He’s gotta be tall but not be a bean pole either. There has to be some muscle there, ya know, and I don’t know I guess he’s got to have this confidence about him. Something in the way he smiles like he’s up to no good. I suppose a bad boy rebel vibe. A ruggish attire. Not clean and pristine. I feel like I’m makin’ an add for the paper or somethin’,” Cas joked, shaking his head and feeling embarrassed. “What’s your type, Dean?”
Cas glanced over at her unsure if she was serious and saw her rummaging around in her purse. She shuffled towards him when she pulled out her wallet, opening it up and pulling out a small photo and holding it out to him. He was stunned. The guy in the photo had a lean figure, with dark short hair that was styled in a quiff, and cute brown eyes.
“D-Dean,” Cas whimpered. Not meaning to speak let alone utter Dean’s name but his thoughts were in a frenzy.
Cas tried hard to keep his cheeks from heating up. He almost succeeded until an image of Dean being in a crowd of other guys watching him dance and strip on stage crossed his mind. Dean, being Hottie McHotpants, giving him that sexy smug grin as gazed at Cas. Cas wasn’t prepared to feel pleased by this idea nor the sudden rush of heat that pooled in his stomach as the image stayed in the front of his mind. It wouldn’t be going away anytime soon.
“You honestly think I wanted to be taken against my will? That I purposely sought out to be trapped and wanted my brother to go through the hell that he did to come to save me? I know where I would be without Balthazar, you don’t have to tell me, but I have a right to be pissed when someone tries to manipulate me with my own faults. How would you like it, Dean, if I used every mistake you made against you in an argument? Better yet, someone, you trusted? No, you don’t get to be pissed at me for how I feel.”
Cas’ eyes narrowed when he heard what sounded like disappointment coming from the other side of the wall. Was Dean interested? The sole reason he asked what Dean’s type even was, was to find out if it matched his own appearance. He hadn’t given him much to go off of, but then he hadn’t made it sound like he was serious either. He seemed interested when they’d been texting.
“Oh really now? Tell me more, Dean.” He never got an actual response. He listened to Dean sing along to the song and towards the end, Cas joined him during the chorus. When it finished, Cas noticed he'd been tapping his foot along to the beat and he had to admit that he'd liked the song quite a bit. “Who did that one?”
He’d only seen the guy once— was it twice? — and he hadn’t been in the best of moods on either occasion. Cas didn’t feel like adding a third time of him appearing as if he’d just rolled out of a dumpster to the guy’s memory. It was silly of him to even be fretting about what the guy thought. Who was he to him? Absolutely nothing, but damn did he look fine each time Cas saw him. Maybe, if Cas saw him again, he would ask for his number. Just not today of all days.
For a couple seconds, Jorge was unresponsive before wrapping his arms around Castiel, eagerly kissing him back. The kiss was sloppy but hunger-filled. Desperation passed through Cas as he pressed himself closer to Jorge. Needing to feel wanted.
“For sure. Can’t forget about the black lace panties.” He was beginning to feel tired now, even though his mind was going about a million miles a minute. It had to be the medicine finally kicking in. Now it starts fucking working. Couldn’t have worked downstairs, could it? But Cas wasn’t too upset. He got to spend the night talking to Dean and that more than made up for what happened down in the lobby. He would do it twice over as long as the end result was the same, with Dean finally flirting with him. It would be a while before he’d be able to stop grinning like a fool.
