Alright, fair enough. That was far from his cleverest pop culture reference, but his blood was busy rushing to places other than his brain. Ignoring the question, he plowed ahead sarcastically, “So, the strangest thing just happened to me on my way here. You’ll never believe it. Guess who I ran into coming out of the convenience store? I’ll give you a hint. It starts with a ‘B’ and ends with ‘Brock’.”
“You’ll let me,” Steve repeated.
him...to call
“Fifteen.”
“Barely correspond? You hang out with him every day.”
Steve’s kiss turned more frenzied. He nipped at Tony’s lips, kissing Tony like his life depended on it. The rumbling noise coming from his chest had grown louder, rougher.
God, he still couldn’t understand how the hell that’d happened.
“Happy belated birthday, Steve Rogers,” a three-foot-tall robot greeted in a mechanical male voice.
Steve was barely breathing himself. “Made what happen, Tony?”
Tony tried not to stare at the broad lines of the alpha’s back, but he wasn’t sure he succeeded. Just like before, their close proximity was apparently causing all the wires in his brain to overheat.
Steve’s face tightened and his features grew heavy.
He knew it wouldn’t be enough, anyway.
“Real cute, babe,” Steve’s voice responded dryly from the other side. “You gonna let me in or what?”
Tony shot Rhodey a look of ‘really?’. Did Rhodey
Steve had kissed Tony like he mattered. He’d made Tony feel cherished and wanted. Two feelings that were so foreign to Tony he’d scarcely been able to recognize them.
Unlike Steve, he didn’t wake up looking like a Calvin Klein underwear model. He required effort in order to look half decent, and tonight he wanted to look his very best.
His hand touched his face and came away wet. Another awful, injured sound escaped from his throat.
“Yes, coach!” Steve called back. “That’s my cue,” he told Tony apologetically. “See you around…?”
“I wouldn’t want you to change,” Steve said, dropping his voice lower. “I like you like this.”
Darcy didn’t know what she was talking about. She was unusually sheltered for an omega. Her older sister—a beta named Jane—was fiercely protective.
“You don’t need to thank me for that. I’d never...you can always say no to me.”
No light. No sound. No hope.
Tony was so thrown by this unforeseen turn of events that he failed to believe it until he was staring right at Steve. Until Steve had followed Darcy into the backyard, looking far too real to be any kind of sunstroke induced apparition.
Besides, Steve didn’t seem like the type who’d be scared off by another alpha’s strength. Some men refused to date female alphas—it threatened their manhood—but Tony doubted Steve was one of them. Especially when Peggy was so gorgeous.
In the spirit of self-preservation, he’d offered to take her to a different swimming pool. Surely, that wasn’t the only pool in their area, right? Wrong. Nat had fixated on going to
“Really, really, really mean it. Well, whaddya say, kid? Want to go swimming together? We’ve got the pool all to ourselves today. Oh, and in case I forgot to mention it, Bucky’s going to be there.”
The alpha’s eyes narrowed slightly, as though he wasn’t satisfied with getting a shrug for an answer, but he let it go. “You hungry? You need to get some food in you after last night.”
The teen’s mouth firmed and he dropped his gaze to the pool deck. Shoulders tensing as if in determination, he lifted his head back up. “…I want to be more than your friend,” he said.
“Tony,” Steve warned.
“Does
“You aren’t me. Also, nice attempt at deflection.” She tapped her short, clear-painted nails on the patio table. “If I had to take a wild stab in the dark here…I’d say this has something to do with your not-so-secret admirer.”
And most of all, he cried for her.
“I, um, should have a heat coming up.” He clutched the coffee mug tighter. Fidgeted. “Would you...hypothetically...want to be my heat partner?”
Tony’s throat tightened. All at once, he felt wistful and very, very old.
“Aww…” Darcy elbowed Tony, knocking him out of his paralyzed stupor. “Wave back!”
Braving the storm, he at long last stopped pushing away the full brunt of grief that resided inside him, and allowed himself to feel it. All of it.
Steve placed the photo back. “What are you in the mood for?”
Something about that statement must’ve bothered Steve, because the alpha turned away to stare out the car window, his jaw hard.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Does it matter what I want?”
He kept reliving Steve’s touch. His taste. That masculine purring sound he’d made when they’d kissed.
The fear was overpowering, becoming more real to him than reality.
things instead. Reaching forward, he wrapped his hands around the warm mug. Even though he’d watched Steve make it and knew it hadn’t been tampered with, he still didn’t want to drink it. He didn’t need anything making him anymore nervous or jumpy.
That wasn’t supposed to happen. He was supposed to be stronger than that.
Tony shared a look with Darcy. “Just go with it,” he instructed. “Do I regret letting her watch The Little Mermaid and Spy Kids five times in the same week? Possibly. But it’s too late to turn back now. At least she’s stopped trying to keep poisonous spiders as pets. I’ll take that as score one for the nanny.”
“I said I wouldn’t go looking for him. But if I run into that asshole somewhere, all bets are off.”
The door he’d locked it behind came crashing open.
That should've been the end of it. Message sent and received.
“Sure. Listen, you’re welcome to stay if you want to. Nebula will understand if I have to reschedule.”
alphas,” quipped Darcy ironically, knowing it was just the kind of comment that would piss Tony off further. “It looks like he’s an overachiever too. Get this: Mr. Muscles is captain of both the swim team
“What are
Tony squeezed his eyes shut. Oh, god.
Their face-off quickly set forth a chain of events that led to Thor retrieving a football from the garage.
“It’s not a threat, it’s a promise. If he comes around to bother you again, he’ll have to deal with me.”
He’d had to stop and recollect himself multiple times. Had to take shuddering breaths and wipe away the few, quiet streaks of tears that spilled over.
“I won’t let them mistreat you.”
When Steve still tried to tag along, Tony put a hand on his chest and repeated in his most commanding voice, “
Debating whether or not to respond to the teen’s message, Tony stared down at his phone. He didn’t want to encourage him.
Life would get more challenging as they got older. Harsher. Crueler.
Then he’d disappeared back into the house for another drink.
God. Tony couldn’t even
He shouldn’t have shied away from the desire when it had overtaken him in his workshop. He’d made the choice to go all in and he was holding himself to that. He needed to take as much of Steve as he could get before the summer ended.
He hoped, for the kid’s sake, that they turned out more like Steve. Their kid deserved better than to be anything like him.
“God, your scent,” the teen panted thickly. He sounded drunk on it. Pained. As if it was taking Herculean effort to hold himself back.
Steve’s strong thigh resting against his. A breeze in his hair. The sunshine overhead and a clear blue sky. A sense of belonging. Of feeling free to be himself. Of being with the kind of people who accepted him for who he was.
After a moment’s hesitation, the teen said grimly, “The fact that you feel the need to ask me that is exactly what worries me. I did want you. I
They immediately quieted down, morphing into two well-behaved, perfect angels.
“Sorry. I couldn’t resist.” He slid off Steve’s lap.
It awoke the worst, most clichéd of Tony’s omega instincts. The ones he resisted the hardest.
If he continued carrying on with Steve like this, there’d be no escaping his heat. His body was already changing, showing the early warning signs of an impending heat. His temperature was slightly elevated, his appetite had increased, and his sex drive was somehow getting wilder than it already was before.
Hearing her refer to herself as his mother sent another jolt of surprise through him.
Tony lunged for the bottle.
It was ridiculous how quickly Tony’s self-preservation crumbled. How badly he wanted to believe that Steve could fit into this part of his life. That they could be a normal couple.
Whenever Tony started to think he had Steve Rogers figured out, the teenager would go and surprise him. It kept things interesting, to say the least.
He never raised his voice to his mother, but he was close to losing it.
For the life of him, Tony couldn’t figure out how his good intentions had gone so wrong.
He released Steve’s collar and slid his arms around the alpha’s neck. “You’re right. On some level, you’re right. I haven’t let you touch me because...because it’s not just compliments I’m not used to. It's anything. Anything good.” He’d convinced himself he’d been breaking free, but he was still hiding. Still letting his personal demons have too much power over him. “And I've been...I've been letting that hold me back. But I don't want to let it hold me back anymore.”
“You think that little of me?” A muscle ticked in Steve’s cheek, his jaw clenching. “That I don’t care what happens to you?”
“You need a haircut,” Maria observed, the first to speak. “I’ve told you not to let it get so long. It’s much too messy. And you’re far too thin. Have you been eating enough?”
“I’m not.”
Rhodey had relented enough to let Steve take Tony home, but not enough to skip the standard, familial ‘touch him and die’ talk.
“Tony can speak for himself,” Tony said, “and he thinks you’re both being idiots.”
Tony choked. He accidentally inhaled his beer and it shot straight up his nose.
“Well, I suppose I could let you wine and dine me,” Tony tried to play it cool, which wasn’t easy when his nerves were treating his stomach like a jungle gym. “Since you’ve been asking so nicely…”
The impressive muscles in the teen’s abdomen contracted from behind his T-shirt. A purr burst from his throat, “Yeay, baby, yeah. Like that.”
He was already getting emotionally attached.
Tony knew he should say no. Sharing clothes carried a significant weight in their community. It was an intimate act. An additional way of scent marking. A way for alphas and betas to say ‘this person is important’ or ‘this person is taken.’
“What the hell, Tony? You
Steve’s purring stopped, his disappointment tangible.
It was all that alpha’s fault. He hadn’t been able to make his body calm down and had spent the night pacing his house. His skin had been flushed and almost fevery. If he didn’t know better, he’d think it was a sign that he was going into heat. But omegas didn’t get heats on suppressants.
And his denials were getting old, even to himself.
“The hell I can’t. I promised to never let anything happen to you, and I intend on keeping it.” Another growl. “
“Here,” the teenager instructed. “You shouldn’t be standing. You need to rest.”
He looked at Steve and he just knew.
matter.”
“Uh, I can see that,” Rhodey replied, freezing. He looked to be in the process of opening an expensive bottle of wine. Two glasses were placed on the table in front of him, and a pretty woman with dyed-blue hair was sitting on the couch beside him. “You’re here. Now. Without phoning to tell me you were coming.”
He definitely had to say something, though. Otherwise Rhodey would draw the wrong conclusion. When in actuality, Tony had been an enthusiastic, willing participant in the making of that hickey. “It’s not...it’s not like that. We’re together. Kind of.”
The man was tall, tanned, and blond, with a physique that put most professional athletes to shame. His handsome face was chiseled in such a way that it could’ve inspired Michelangelo himself to rise from the grave to sculpt another statue (and apparently had Tony waxing poetic like a school girl). He looked somewhere around the age of 25 and was wearing red, white, and blue swim shorts, and a red muscle tank that read ‘Lifeguard.” A whistle hung around his neck. His eyes were a startling, clear blue, and he was looking down at Tony in concern.
He’d known that Steve could ruin him and he’d been right.
Jesus, she could’ve drowned. She didn’t know how to swim in the deep end yet. Thank god Bruce had stopped her.
Howard had accused.
The shrewd, more wary side of him knew better. It asked the question:
He’d worry about paying Steve back later. And sadly not in the fun way.
It was one of the only ways to get paid for doing what he loved. Tinkering with things. Building things. Fixing things.
There was an awkward pause where the alpha looked like he was fighting a grin.
Clumsily pulling his phone out of his back pocket, Tony thumbed open his saved conversation with Steve. There was a jumbled mess written in the textbox, but he’d somehow missed actually hitting send.
In fact, if Steve was enamored with Tony at all, it was because the alpha didn’t actually know him. He didn’t know the full extent of the fucked up, barely-holding-it-together mess Tony was on the inside, or how deep his damage really went. And so, Tony likely didn’t need to worry about spending too much time with him, or about leading the teenager on, because getting a peek at who Tony truly was—well, that was the fastest way to get over him.
In truth, Tony had suspected that Steve was staring at him. He could practically feel the alpha’s eyes on him and it was making his entire body buzz. As an omega, he was used to betas and, especially, alphas watching his every move. It had always been something he’d hated, regardless of his mother’s recriminations that he should feel flattered.
“You’re under arrest!” Nat’s girlish voice followed.
A dark chill weaved around him, tempering his lust.
The teenager went statue still, his muscles locking up like he’d been turned to stone. His eyes were cautious, as though he was bracing himself for Tony to declare the kiss another mistake.
Steve leaned in. “Give me a taste of yours.”
Did he placate them, though? No, no he did not.
Was this behavior normal for a fling? He couldn’t know. He doubted it.
The walls around his heart had taken another beating. They were getting flimsier, the cracks growing larger.
Haha, no, Tony would definitely
How could holding someone’s hand be so erotic? What kind of screwed up, kinky anatomy did he have?
Continuing to dodge eye contact, Tony busied himself by carefully tucking the alpha back inside his jeans.
“I can’t stand alpha groupies,” Steve scowled once they were en route to the SUV. “Those same people wouldn’t have given me the time of day before I presented. Don’t let them bother you. They’re not worth it.”
Tony had assumed Rhodey and Steve would bump heads, but he hadn’t anticipated them clashing so strongly.
a peak specimen—” She quickly cut herself off when she noticed Thor’s eyes narrowing. “Uh, does anyone want hors d'oeuvres?”
The alpha in him would demand retribution. Demand that he eliminate any threat to what he saw as his omega.
“How dare you!” the girl’s mother screeched, launching herself off the park bench towards her daughter. “Don’t you dare push my baby!”
“Much fun as that would be to watch…he’s still my dad. I’m gonna have to ixnay any promises of violence made against him. Anyway, he’d treat you much differently than he treats me. He’d love you, I’m sure of it. You’re so effortlessly alpha—” in a way that Howard had tried so hard and failed to be “—he’d probably take one look at you and ask his lawyers to draw up adoption papers. You’re the archetype of everything he wanted me to be.” Howard would also be positively flummoxed that Steve was wasting his time with Tony. So, take that, Howard.
Darcy looked confused for a second and then her eyes widened. “Oh my god – you are! I mean, it’s faint, but…you totally want to mate that alpha!”
Steve was reveling in taking Tony apart.
After all, he’d already failed one child before it was ever born.
This chapter deals with that in detail.
Steve’s big hand closed around the white case. He opened his mouth to say something else, but Tony turned away so that he didn’t have to hear it and headed back over to Darcy.
Not too long ago, any scenario involving Steve and his pheromones would’ve been a nightmare for Tony.
perfect.”
“Fifteen,” Steve repeated as if he couldn’t quite believe it. “You know what I was doing at fifteen? I was fixing the drip in mom’s sink. I wasn’t building robots.”
They were convinced that Steve was laying claim to him. That Steve had defended him against a threatening beta.
“H-hey, Steve.” Tony’s head snapped up as he scrambled to his feet in an attempt to feel less tiny. “Fancy running into you here.”
“You don’t? Whoa, when did this happen?”
Particularly when the voice in his head rubbed salt on the wound.
He wanted all that glorious hardness inside him. Filling him. Stroking in and out of him. Making him come apart.
His tears lasted until he physically didn’t have the energy to cry anymore. When they finally petered out, it was late into the night, his eyes swollen, red, and as dry as sandpaper.
What the
He allowed himself to imagine what it’d look like if things were different. If he wasn’t an omega and Steve was older. Could they be happy? Would the two of them be the ones sharing a cheesy, romantic dinner over a bottle of wine?
, he reminded himself.
Steve caught Tony’s hand, lacing their fingers. “Next time. This was just for you.”
“I’m ready for more than just kissing.” Steve had helped him find the courage to try facing some of his demons. “Did you mean it when you said I get to call the shots?”
Tony had been a very shy and introverted child. He’d quickly grown used to his parents’ absences and had latched onto technology to keep his loneliness at bay. Howard hadn’t liked that Tony had always been hidden in his room or huddled in the corner, working away on yet another circuit board or inventing addons to a gadget he’d found in their home. It had confused Tony, because back then he’d still been stupid enough to believe that Howard could one day be proud of him. That Howard would recognize they shared an interest in building things. That he’d be pleased by Tony being as smart as he was. But Howard hadn’t been impressed by any of Tony’s achievements.
The alpha had always maintained a friendly and controlled demeanor around him. Tony had never seen this side of him before.
How monumentally screwed up was
Tony’s brain screeched to a halt and the only thing he could hear was white noise. Uh-oh.
“You just called it outdated.”
And for a second—just a split second—he found himself wanting it. Fiercely.
The redhead had a strong personality and could sometimes be a bully without realizing it. She had a bad habit of turning the other children into minions—even the ones who were older than her. They followed her leadership and took orders without question. It was as impressive as it was disturbing.
happy, “This will never work. Let’s be honest, there’s no future here. You’re leaving in September. And even if we pretend I’m not too old for you, there’s still the little problem of me being disgraced.”
A knock that made his body go tight with nervous anticipation.
That kiss had been the single hottest, scariest thing that had ever happened to him.
. Steve was here.
There was so much slick leaking out of him, it was a miracle he wasn’t palming his own.
“He’s not!” The boy frowned. “He’s really smart.”
“Good,” Steve’s voice hardened further with a lethal sort of calm. “He could’ve killed you. He tries anything a second time, and I’ll do worse than that.”
scary.
okay.
Tony had to admit that he quite enjoyed watching the woman quake under the force of Steve’s full alpha stare, but he didn’t need the teen to fight his battles for him. This woman was clearly one of those unfortunately numerous, wrong, and willfully ignorant people who believed that a male child could be ‘turned’ into an omega by something as stupid as how someone treated them. Like that had anything to do with it.
“Is not."
“You’ve been marrying off your toys for hours. Don’t you want to do something else? It’s a beautiful day. We could go to the pool,” Tony cajoled.
Nobody had taken his skill set in engineering seriously since before he’d presented. They’d all just assumed that the only thing he was good for was cooking, cleaning, and pushing out babies.
“I can.” Steve set his jaw like he could keep Tony safe through sheer determination of will alone.
. His alpha was proud of him.
Nobody had ever looked at him that way before.
Tony’s ego had been hoping for a little more than that. Something akin to the alpha jumping at the chance. And then jumping him.
“Rhodey,” Tony said without taking his eyes away from his phone.
“I wouldn’t officially call it dating. We’re ‘fling’ing. We’re having a fling.”
“I, uh, overheard some staff members talking.” But that wasn’t true. Tony had actually heard it straight from the source. Against his better judgement, he’d somehow wound up talking to Steve on the phone for nearly half the night.
“Yeah.” Tony stepped outside the apartment before backpedaling and patting his pockets. “Almost. Sorry, hold on. I forgot my phone.”
Okay, scratch that. Tony wasn’t just smitten. He was a goner. A total lost cause.
Steve was going to come after him. Was going to—
The alpha tore the page out of his sketchbook and handed it to Tony. Tony hesitated before taking it, making sure there was no accidental touching of hands, just like he had with the first aid kit. Then he brought the page in front of him and nearly dropped it before doing an inelegant doubletake.
Neither option sounded preferable.
It had to be something inherent to Steve. He had the ability to care more than the average person.
His daughter deserved to be treated better in death than she’d been treated during the short time she’d been alive.
Fine, Steve wanted an answer that badly? Tony would give him one. But the teenager wouldn’t like it.
Steve stroked his thumb, slow and smooth, along Tony’s hand and it sent shivers throughout Tony’s entire body.
Once the kids grew bored of splash fighting, they asked to play Marco Polo. With the advantage afforded to Steve by his alpha senses, the teen could’ve easily dominated the game. He let the kids win multiple rounds, regardless. Tony found it as unwelcomingly charming as everything else about the alpha.
Okay, who
She hadn’t always been like that. There’d been warmth in her in his younger years.
Tony blinked, trying to curb an inappropriate thrill at Steve’s words. He resented classic displays of alpha overprotectiveness on principle, but his dang omega instincts were acting like they’d forgotten that.
“Preoccupied with what?”
Steve’s presence—his
Most alphas would never promise their sole attention to a single omega— let alone a disgraced one. He was committing a serious social taboo by even asking.
Tony was yanked from his thoughts when a large hand slid over his backside, giving him a playful, underwater swat on his bottom. The alpha whistled innocently when Tony whipped around to stare at him.
When Tony was younger, he’d used to wonder if there was still something wrong with his heart. The surgeries he’d undergone might’ve repaired the physical abnormalities he’d been born with, but what if there was more to it than that?
And that—that was
. Attending a party full of teenagers held no appeal for him.
“So be it. Arrest me then.”
year, she blocked me. And that pretty much sums up my last month. Other than meeting you, of course.” There. What teenager could possibly find any of that stuff appealing? Hopefully Steve would see how ill-suited they were and would stop talking to him.
The girl grew more terrifying every day. Godspeed to any future romantic partners who might make the fatal error of double-crossing her.
?” Tony choked. “He’s in high school?”
Leaning down, he pretended to tell her a secret. “I’m afraid of sharks,” he whispered.
Steve gave her a nod, reassuring her. “Tony’s great in the water.”
how many people out there dislike me? You’re going to rack up a lot of fights really damn fast.”
But could it technically count as forgetting when Steve hadn’t informed him of the date in the first place?
protecting. I want to be more than this. More than the perpetual omega in distress. When I think about how different my life could’ve been if I’d never presented as an omega, I…” He didn’t know how much more of this shit he could take. It was like there was nothing left of him to tear down. He was already done. Already defeated.
As he stared out across the water, he thought,
At least he’d been able to use the private staff locker room. Though he’d had to make a distinct effort to ignore the way Steve prowled around outside the door, guarding it like Tony was a modest maiden whose virtue needed protecting. (And, no, Tony would never admit that he’d almost, sorta, liked it. Or that his stomach had gone kind of soft from what his omega had perceived as the alpha looking after him.)
“No.” Sighing, Rhodey looked at him in his familiar what-am-I-going-to-do-with-you way. “I think you deserve the right to run your own company, you know that. I just wish I’d been given some warning. It’s safer if I’m in on this.”
Steve Rogers was standing in front of him. Lifeguard Steve. Stupidly gorgeous, ‘should be at the pool’ Steve. The new bane of his existence.
Steve’s brow furrowed. “What’s wrong with butter pecan?”
,” Tony said way too forcefully, because he still hadn’t changed Steve’s ringtone from ‘Teenage Dream’ and would die a swift, mortifying death if Steve ever found out. Composing himself, “I mean, no. It’s alright. I think I know where I left it.”
He was close - so close.
Was Tony that obvious? He’d hoped he had a better poker face than that.
Tony had
His cheeks colored slightly as his self-awareness slowly returned to him.
No one like Steve could ever belong to him.
“I do.”
How was it possible that Tony kept running into him? The alpha seemed to be everywhere. Tony couldn’t escape him.
“Sorry. I phrased that poorly. I-I’m not trying to get rid of you, promise.” Tony nuzzled his face against Steve’s in apology. “I just...it’s too easy to get carried away with you. Kissing you kind of breaks my brain. And I’m not ready for...”
There was almost no limit to what his parents' high-powered lawyers could accomplish. If Howard and Maria were looking to sell him off to another alpha, they might very well be able to force him into another mating contract.
the water without feeling another one coming on. It was an uncontrollable, sort of preemptive response where his body geared up for the worst-case scenario, whether it was happening or not.
The alpha had just claimed Tony publicly in front of someone he’d gone to school with. In front of three teenagers who seemed like the type to thrive on gossip.
“Hey kiddo,” he forced himself to sound cheerful. “How’s my favorite mermaid doing?”
“Guess you better stay put, then.” Steve pulled Tony more firmly into the crook of his arm.
“Do what?” Steve shifted his eyes to Tony before flicking them back to the road.
Maria had given Tony her love. She’d given him her smiles, hugs, and a mother’s kindness.
The teenager perked right up. Disappointed Steve was replaced with Happy Steve and it was worth it. So, so worth it.
“Yes.”
They’d gone for a walk after they’d left the drive-in.
Tony wished he could be annoyed by Steve’s overbearing commitment to taking care of him. He was an independent omega, after all.
Tony took it gingerly, a giant lump forming in his throat, his eyes frantically scanning the image as he reassured himself that nothing had happened to it. The black and white, printed photograph was the only proof remaining to the world that she’d ever existed.
The extent of his vocabulary impressed even Tony. Steve could've gone head-to-head with the most experienced drill sergeant.
Tony also wondered why he was suddenly daydreaming like he was starring in an ‘80s John Hughes movie.
“I can’t remember,” he told her honestly. He didn’t know where he’d gone during the small, terrifying block of time his heart had stopped. Only that he’d been lost and that Steve had brought him back.
For most kids, the idea of life and death was an abstract one. It was a concept they heard adults talk about…but that they secretly believed could never touch them. Death must’ve seemed real to her now in a way that it hadn’t before. Scarier. No longer intangible.
“Go?” Tony blinked wildly. “Go where?”
The only thing that bothered Tony about Steve was that Steve was too good for him. Not that Tony could say that.
—on driving Tony home after the failure that was his first swim lesson and Tony was more than a little embarrassed about the whole thing. He hated the thought that he’d let Steve down almost as much as he hated himself for being a letdown. And while he knew it was pitifully needy for him to crave the alpha’s approval, he couldn’t banish the heaviness weighing down on his chest at the idea that Steve might be disappointed in him.
“Blue 42,” Tony said.
And Steve’s obsessive, not-so-discreet staring wasn’t helping.
She made a noise as though she couldn’t possibly understand money being such an obstacle.
Steve crossed his arms over his chest, regarding Tony expectantly, and Tony flushed as he became aware that he was taking way too long to answer because he’d been having a one-sided conversation in his head.
Tony was obsessed with discovering new tricks to make the alpha purr. Nipping on his bottom lip usually did it. Lightly scratching his chest worked too. Hearing it was getting to be an addiction.
“I find that hard to believe.”
Because that was
Steve didn’t just
Steve was too damn young and had too bright of a future ahead of him to sully himself on someone as tarnished as Tony.
When her mate turned his back to resume overseeing the grill, Jane snuck Tony a thumbs up and mouthed the words ‘good job.’ Then she retrieved the bottle of beer from Thor with a swat on his shoulder and returned it to Steve.
“If your mom becomes a problem,” the teenager vowed, so staunchly it was as though he was an old-world warrior pledging Tony his eternal allegiance. “We'll figure out how to handle it. Together. As a team.”
She still hadn’t been back to the community center since bearing witness to his near-death experience.
“My mom doesn’t own a shotgun, Tony.”
, a voice in his head refuted.
In spite of his disdain for everything he’d been taught in Omega Finishing School, he hadn’t made it out of there the same way he’d gone in. Hadn’t escaped without internalizing some of their harmful teachings.
If Steve was finally going to be able to touch him, he’d have to lose his clothes.
He’d been ashamed of his pheromones from the day he’d first produced them. To him, they were an unnatural function of his body he’d wished with all his soul to be rid of.
There was something heady and intensely, sexually exhilarating about his ability to unravel the alpha. To make him feel good.
His disbelief was forced to take a backseat when the patio door slid open and childish giggling flooded the kitchen. Bucky entered first and Nat closed the door behind them.
There’d been an omega boy he’d started growing close to at finishing school…but their housemaster had caught them during their one and only kiss. They’d both been severely punished and the boy had been sent away, never to be heard from again. The school upheld the belief that omegas were designed by nature to belong only to alphas. The boy had been accused of trying to ‘taint’ Obie’s property.
Watching Bucky and Steve attempt to master pirouettes and grande jetés was some of the best entertainment he’d ever been lucky enough to see.
“Was he peeking?” Darcy’s face was slack with awe. “He had to be peeking.”
The mortification hadn’t ended there, either. Oh, no, that would’ve been too easy. He’d also woken up during some point in the night to puke his guts out.
“I’m Jarvis,” Tony lied, inching back.
With that, he marched towards the pool before he could change his mind. It was eerily similar to walking the plank. The water rippled ominously, sunlight glinting off its reflective surface. Merely looking down at it threw his equilibrium off balance, like he was going to somehow slip and fall in. Like the water was a living entity that could physically drag him down into its depths until he never saw the surface again.
The teenager didn’t react. He stood frozen, simply staring at Tony.
“You mean like the one you just threw at me?”
Tony shrugged off the teen’s hold, ignoring the desperate way his inner omega whined, begging to stay in Steve’s arms. He’d barely pulled himself free before Natasha let out a small sob and dashed towards him. “Nanny Tony,” she whimpered, fusing herself onto his hip like a tiny, redheaded octopus.
“Give that back,” Tony ordered roughly.
Not only did the woman not seem to care that Tony was disgraced, but she was also under the impression that Steve was Tony’s mate. That Bucky and Natasha were his and Steve’s kids.
worried. Because he was a pillar of self-restraint. Right? Right.
So much for that lecture earlier. They hadn’t even made it five minutes into the movie before they’d started trying to climb inside each other’s skin.
However, the beta woman surprised him when she smiled supportively and said, “You have a beautiful family. It brings me joy to see an omega who is so loved. I hope my granddaughter will be blessed with a mate and children as wonderful as yours someday.”
They’d gone from zero to one-hundred. From a sweet, almost innocent kiss to practically dry humping as Steve held him pressed up against the wall. Steve had barely had to touch him before Tony had turned into the Guinness World Records’ horniest, neediest omega.
Tony was no stranger to people pointing and whispering—or even outright mocking him—when they caught sight of the barcode on the back of his neck.
“How boringly mature of you.”
“I think you mean seas the day,” Tony deflected, trying to change the subject. “Get it? S-E-A?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your boss is a life saver. My mate would’ve killed me,” the guy said, still looking like his head had been taken off the chopping block. “How much do I owe you again?”
Tony shuffled nervously as the two kids paired up and disappeared into the living room. The alpha’s presence felt even more daunting and inescapable than it did at the pool.
When Tony gave the teenager a ‘you know what’ look, Steve grinned unrepentantly and winked at him.
An alpha—
Steve had obviously known the request was coming. Lifting a prepped mug from the counter, he walked over to Tony and handed it to him.
He had memories of small moments. Rare breaks in time where he’d experienced joy.
“Stop,” Tony gasped, shoving at Steve’s chest, terrified by the power of his own out of control reaction. “Stop. Stop. Please. No. I—”
He’d reflexively shoved it into the pocket of his shorts when the kids had attacked them with water guns.
“Do you take sugar or milk?” Steve set a red mug down in front Tony on the kitchen table.
What did it mean to be happy—
No. He wasn’t ready to cross that final bridge yet. But this was farther than he’d ever thought he could go.
At one point, Tony had made Steve laugh. And, okay, sure, Tony was used to drawing chuckles out of the alpha, but this had been an unrestrained, full body kind of laugh. One that had made Steve double over and put his hand on his abs for support.
“And you decided to draw me?”
“What do we say to the god of burnt mac and cheese?” Tony asked Natasha as he used a spoon to scrape his noodle faux pas into the kitchen garbage.
Ah, Christ. Foiled once again by his own rambling. Did that sound as unconvincing to Steve’s ears as it did to his own?
Steve’s hand tightened on Tony’s shirt. Pulling away with a grunt of effort, the alpha dropped his forehead down onto Tony’s shoulder. After a few seconds of seeming to fight for control, he released his grip.
Tony resolved to try a different brand of suppressants. Maybe he’d even up his dosage.
He intuitively seemed to know when Tony finally hit his limit and couldn’t take anymore. Releasing Tony, he slid his fingers out of him. Tony whined in protest, trying to cling to them.
“You do,” Tony told him.
. It might not have been the teen’s cock, but a part of the teenager was already inside him. They were connected in the most intimate sense.
“You’re staring,” Tony muttered.
“You’re still at risk for—” Steve’s eyes darted to Nat, and his words cut off like he didn’t want to alarm her, before he repeated sternly, “You need to get checked out.”
He preferred the purring. He’d very much like the purring back, please.
Tony had been right when he’d told Darcy that Steve’s crush was the result of biology. His damn ‘compatible’ pheromones must’ve hooked Steve from the first day they’d met at the pool.
Tension flooded Tony’s system, turning the air cold. Being in a public place hadn’t stopped Brock before. What if the beta had been tailing him, waiting for a chance to finish the job?
living—that was beyond his grasp.
He wasn’t exactly presenting a sexy, irresistible picture right then. The image he was giving off was that of a hangover, bed head, and gross morning breath. He couldn’t have picked a worse time to spontaneously ask Steve to be his heat partner.
Tony was wasted. Loaded. Plastered.
Completely ignoring Killian and Co., Steve addressed Tony, “Do you want anything else from the concession stand or are you all set to head to the car?”
He ducked back inside, scanning the room for any trace of his cell.
“I understand 170,000 words of the English language,” the robot humble-bragged.
As soon as he’d arrived back at his apartment, he had showered and changed out of the jersey. It was currently buried in the back of his closet. He’d had to hide it to ensure that he didn’t do anything even more embarrassing. Like not so accidentally sleeping in it. Or burying his face in it and inhaling the alpha’s scent and becoming slick all over again.
He had the scars and broken bones that proved otherwise.
His phone vibrated on the kitchen counter, and he reached over to grab it, grateful for the distraction. He had three messages from Darcy, one from Rhodey that simply read:
“Tony. Fuck...never felt anything like you.” Hissing out a breath, the teen slowly started working his finger in and out. “So tight and hot, it’s gonna kill me if I ever get my cock inside you.”
you. He’s got a crush on you and clearly doesn’t like me very much. He’s gonna talk. That means your teammates—and who knows how many others—are bound to find out about us. I’m already damaging your street cred.”
“It’s on me.” Steve pulled out his wallet.
The plan had been to keep things laidback and not in-your-face romantic. They’d get some exercise walking along the beach, take advantage of the nice weather, enjoy a few snacks…
“Oh. Uh, there’s nothing much to tell, really. I’m a pretty uninteresting guy.”
“Congratulations.” He smiled weakly. “You’re the owner of your own repair shop?”
“I’m fine. All good,” he gave his patent response. “Just got done with the hospital. I’m headed home now.”
That-which-he-did-not-think-about wasn’t a secret anymore.
Steve’s brow tightened like he was personally offended. Like he was the #1 member of the Tony Stark Fanclub and it was his job to defend Tony’s honor. “You shouldn’t spend so much time wishing to be something else. You’re amazing, Tony. The things you can create. The things you do. You’re smart as hell. It intimidates me, sometimes, how smart you are. I feel like a bonehead next to you. Talking to you is kinda like going three rounds in a boxing ring but that’s why I like it. You ripped that woman in the park a new one when she came after Bucky, and you just told me off in front of the entire hospital. You’re hardly what I’d call an omega in distress.”
All of a sudden, the teenager was no longer outside Tony’s apartment. No, he was very much inside, his hand shooting out and nabbing Tony’s bottle of booze from him.
Steve wasn’t faring much better. That much was obvious. The teen’s pupils were too dark and he kept glancing at Tony with a hyper fixated, almost proprietary glint in his eyes, like he wasn’t able to help himself. His muscles looked a little more tense, his movements a bit more strained…but other than that, he seemed to be in surprisingly high spirits for an alpha who’d been left aroused and unfulfilled in the middle of a swimming pool.
Tony almost felt bad for the kid. But then, the guy had had one job—to keep people safe in the water—and he’d failed spectacularly at that.
“No.”
“You know that’s not how I meant it.”
God, why was that so hot? Steve was ten times stronger than him. He could break Tony in half like a matchstick if he wanted to. Yet he was allowing Tony to give him orders. To tell him what to do.
Jumping up, Tony scrambled off his friend.
When Steve predictably refused (because Tony had no chance of budging the most stubborn alpha in the world after his protectiveness had been cranked up to an eleven) Tony made multiple swinging grabs for it. The alpha easily evaded his inebriated attempts.
How was it possible that he was capable of doing math that could make Albert Einstein’s head spin, yet he couldn’t act normal around one (admittedly gorgeous) eighteen-year-old?
And it wasn’t like Tony hadn’t already let the cat out of the bag. Thanks to his tattling hickey, it was obvious to everyone with eyes what exactly he and Steve had been getting up to in their spare time. “You’re already here. Might as well stay.” Addressing the rest of the yard, “You can all stop pretending you’re not eavesdropping now. He’s staying. Looks like some introductions are in order.”
“Not if you promise to stop throwing it around.” He shook more glitter out of his hair. “And get me the dustpan. We need to sweep this up.”
“Your turn.” Tony reached for him.
“Wanna bet?”
Advancing on him further, “And?”
“Tony?” Steve called out from the other side of the door.
know. You don’t know anything.”
“I think you could’ve. You strike me as the kind of person who can do anything they put their mind to.”
“Am I allowed to touch you now?” Something in Steve’s tone told Tony he’d be up for a round two.
“I wanted to hear your voice,” Steve admitted, sounding so earnest that Tony suddenly had to stop his pathetic, abused heart from growing three sizes like he was a character in one of Natasha’s favorite Dr. Seuss books.
Maybe Tony should’ve been mad—after all, he’d just finished laying down the law regarding their summer fling (i.e., not mixing with each other’s friends) and here Steve was, gatecrashing—but he wasn’t. He was pathetically unmad. And unexpectedly relieved.
He’d been miserable and hurting for so long now, that he’d forgotten how to be happy. He’d thought he’d broken the part of him responsible for feeling it.
Obadiah was his battle to fight.
He’d survived a lot of cruel treatment during his years as Obie’s mate...been subjected to more than one of the man’s twisted appetites...but nothing—
If the universe caught on to the fact that he was well on his way to wanting to keep Steve, he’d lose the alpha twice as fast.
The teenager was unfailingly patient. He never tried to take more than Tony was willing to give. Never tried to make Tony feel like what they were doing wasn’t enough for him. Even when it had to be killing the alpha to be stuck in a limbo of kissing and light groping with an omega he was so compatible with.
“Okay,” the boy smiled back.
Sure, Steve had reacted to his pheromones. But that didn’t mean anything. Alphas were biologically programmed to respond to an omega’s scent.
“I appreciate the offer. But as much as I’d love to be the only grown man wearing water wings in the pool, I don’t think they’d help. I don’t like the water.”
He was going to give the teenager a piece of his mind. That kind of territorial alpha bullshit was
Steve listened intently, eyes slowly filling with understanding and acceptance. Taking a breath, he said, “I want to be your person too. I want to take care of you.”
Rhodey didn’t live too far from Tony, but omegas weren’t legally allowed to drive—yet another trick society used to keep them dependent. It, unfortunately, took three times as long to get to his place by bus.
bother me…” Tony answered cautiously. “I don’t usually make friends with alphas nearly 10 years my junior. There really aren’t too many people who’d approve of us hanging out like this.”
To say nothing of the look on Steve’s face. There was gratitude and affection softening his features but the alpha also looked…well, he looked
But the look in Steve’s eyes hadn’t changed. He was still staring at Tony like Tony had hung the moon.
His chest wasn’t nearly as tight and his dizziness was receding. “No comment,” he said, not wanting to admit it.
The fact that he’d get to spend the rest of his life with the intimate knowledge of what Steve looked like when he came both thrilled and tormented him. He’d never see anything hotter. This was it. He’d peaked.
“Fine,” he sighed. “But no more throwing food. I’m a nanny, not target practice.”
“You got
“Have you ever wanted something so much it scared you?” he mumbled drowsily. “Like...like you’re afraid of being happy? Afraid to feel it. Or say it out loud. Or even let it exist, because—because the moment you do, you’ll have it taken away from you, the way you lost everything else? Have you ever...have you ever wanted anything that much?”
The outdoor pool was nicer than Tony had thought it’d be. It was well-maintained, fenced off, and surrounded by greenery. There was a slide, a diving board, and multiple ladders. The water was a sparkling blue and the deep end was sectioned off by rope dividers. There was also plenty of space on the pool deck for lounging around.
It was extremely uncommon for an alpha to let their omega mark them in return. And although Tony knew a hickey was in no way the same thing as a mate mark, he was suddenly having a hard time seeing a difference.
They’d both seemed to be stalling. Seemed to be attempting to make the night last as long as possible.
Steve had been distant and reserved for the rest of the night. He hadn’t spoken much except to comment on the baseball game he’d put on the TV. He hadn’t reached for Tony or pulled him into his arms, either, and Steve
With Nat, no threat was an empty one. She’d reduce the kitchen to embers and salt the earth.
They were wrong for each other on every level…but maybe that was part of the appeal for Steve. Maybe the alpha was tired of all the squeaky clean, perfect betas and omegas practically handing themselves to him on a platter. Maybe he liked the idea of ‘slumming it’ with an older, disgraced omega.
. “Is his older brother coming along, by any chance?”
Clearly gearing up to say more, the alpha took another moment to calm down before he continued. “I’m not going to pretend to know how you feel. Or that I'm qualified to talk about any of this...” The tone of his voice was treading carefully, as though he knew how far he was venturing into sensitive territory. “You have every right to grieve. But I'm not going to let you blame yourself. My mom’s seen her share of miscarriages on the job. Sometimes, these things just happen. Nothing and nobody causes it. It wasn’t your fault, Tony. You got that? It’s
“Yeah.” Steve’s brows lifted slightly, his face softening in what seemed like happy surprise. “Of course. Anything you need.”
The house was modestly sized but nice, with a freshly cut green lawn, a basketball net hanging over the garage, and a bicycle lying on the driveway. Unlike the cold, too perfect mansion Tony had grown up in, it looked like a warm, welcoming family home.
“My pheromones might not get the memo if we stay too close,” Tony warned him hesitantly. “Their off switch is broken around you.”
“No.”
clear now, but I’ve seen this movie, and it’s always the poor, unsuspecting schmucks who say things like ‘it’s not going to rain’ who end up inevitably being torn in half by a 500-foot tornado!”
The slow burn is finally getting some heat.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You hafta ask nicely,” Nat corrected him. “Like this, see? Nanny Tony, may we please play video games now?”
Okay, so he was maybe, definitely pining.
We’re not going out of town,” Steve said firmly.
“Were you dreaming?”
As though unable to help himself, Steve rubbed his face along Tony’s again. Nuzzling him. Scenting him. “Tell me this is okay,” the teen pleaded. “Tell me if I need to stop.”
The alpha shrugged, saying, “If that’s what it takes.” Like that was in any way a sane response. Like he was genuinely prepared to throw hands with everyone who so much as looked at Tony sideways.
“I’m sure you don’t, buddy,” Tony shrugged nonchalantly. He was currently meeting with a customer in the parking lot of a shopping mall. The sunlight beating down on the asphalt must’ve been getting to him, because he was finding the summer heat way more irritating than he should’ve been. “Look, I don’t need an explanation. We have a don’t ask, don’t tell policy here at Rhodey’s Repair Shop.”
Shame wrapped around his throat, choking him. The backs of his eyes stung.
Tony was too elated to call him out over the persistent use of that annoying endearment. Gliding his free hand through the water, he watched as it flowed around him in wavelets, gently lapping at his skin. “I don’t know if I could’ve done it without you,” he confessed.
Nat didn’t budge.
Tony ignored an irrational surge of jealousy. “I doubt he minds.” As a teenage alpha, the kid was probably a walking smorgasbord of hormones. And there was no denying that Amara was beautiful.
“I was born with no heartbeat.” It took Tony a moment to register that his mouth had run away from him again. “Huh. Deja vu. Apparently, I have a habit of blurting out uncomfortable truths in your car.”
“Water gun mishap,” Tony said, like that somehow explained it. “And he’s no one important. He’s the older brother of Nat’s friend.”
Great. Nice of her parents to warn him. Now he’d be vacuuming glitter out of every nook and cranny in the house for the next month.
“I’ll learn to get along with Rhodey,” Steve promised.
“He drowned,” Steve answered for him. “He was unresponsive for at least three minutes before I managed to resuscitate him.”
Tony squirmed in his chair and looked down at his mug.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve merely grinned and tossed a lifejacket at him.
“What?” Tony demanded too sharply, defensive.
His omega instincts, on the other hand, were having a field day.
“Thank you.”
“I’m okay with that.” The teen’s thumb stroked Tony’s cheek. “I’m not saying no, alright, babe? Just...think it over. Make sure this is what you want.”
“Still…” Rhodey continued, “teenager or not…that doesn’t make him harmless. Promise me you’ll let me know if he starts giving you trouble.”
“Me too.” Nat smiled. “Do you wanna be friends?”
“Perhaps temporarily. But I do not suggest taking more than the recommended dose, Tony. So get that idea out of your head now. It would be extremely unhealthy.”
“Thank you, Mr. Tony,” Bucky said politely.
Steve seemed to pick up on Tony’s quiet contemplation. “She really cares about you.”
He tried seeing Steve’s point of view. How would he have felt if he’d found another omega cuddled up to Steve, nestled snugly in his lap?
Tony was assailed with images of that chest heaving over him. Could see Steve pinning him down as he thrust into him.
, Tony told himself.
Tony wanted to say yes so badly, he knew he couldn’t dare.
Steve eased deeper inside him, and Tony’s slick channel yielded beautifully, opening for him.
stupid, all-time idiotic move.
All of a sudden, ‘Teenage Dream’ by Katy Perry started blaring out of Tony’s phone, stopping him in his tracks. Darcy, being the annoying friend that she was, had set the song as Steve’s ringtone. Tony hadn’t bothered changing it because he hadn’t thought the teen would actually call him.
“Stevie wants to dance with Tony,” Bucky sang. “Stevie wants to dance with Tony. He loooooves him.”
Tony darted a glance at Steve, then down at his popcorn. Then back at Steve.
How long, Tony worried, would Steve’s patience last? How long before he got fed up with Tony stringing him along night after night and decided to seek out one of the many omegas available to him who were willing to finish the job?
“Were you the prom king?” Tony asked inanely to distract himself.
“Okay. And have you been here before?”
“I like the heat,” Tony lied. “I plan to sit poolside and work on my farmer’s tan.” Because he would not be taking his shirt off in public. No way. No how. He’d been self-conscious about the scar on his chest even
“It’s a fling,” Tony insisted stubbornly. “You heard him. He’s leaving in September.”
The teen sighed under his breath. A few seconds passed, and then he pressed his knee against Tony’s with a silent question of ‘is this okay?’
“I can walk, you know.”
He was probably waiting for Tony to start eating. Steve was obnoxiously well-mannered like that.
It didn’t come.
“What is happening right now?” Tony asked as he watched Rhodey lob a pass at Steve that would’ve taken his head off if he hadn’t been an alpha. “I can’t tell if this is a pissing contest or if they’re actually getting along.”
He had to undo whatever it was he’d done. He couldn’t lose Steve now. Tony was supposed to have more time.
Tony winced down at the overcooked, unappetizing glob of macaroni he’d all but massacred in the pot. He’d been trying to make lunch for Natasha and himself, but there was no way the two of them were eating that.
“You wasted your time coming here,” he told her. He strode to his door and swung it open. Sarcastically, “Thank you for stopping by.”
Tony feared Steve was right.
He relived them all.
The feeling was new. Wild. Crazy. Of actually wanting to touch someone. And not only that, but also desiring them to touch him in return.
“Steve?” he asked in a small voice.
He was done letting his cowardice rule him.
“Thought so,” Tony concluded, scowling. “So, what, you just woke up one morning and thought, hey, I know what I’ll do today: I’m going to beat nine circles of hell out of someone?”
“You’re still here,” he breathed in shock.
The teen’s words had been playing over and over in Tony’s mind. He thought back to the direct, intentional way Steve had held his gaze as he’d said,
“Tony,” the teen chanted, his voice awed and reverent. “Tony.” His fingers flexed on Tony’s shoulder. He seemed like he wanted to reach for Tony—to pull Tony towards him—but was unsure whether or not he had permission. “Are you—?”
“I’m not a kid!” Natasha protested. “I’m an international woman of mystery.”
He took a seat across from her. The kitchen clock ticked loudly in the din of their stilted silence. Minutes passed.
He tugged on Steve’s hair, sucking on his tongue.
What had gone wrong?
Tony could almost believe him. “Even if that’s true, it’s not enough. I don’t want to
. A trait that was disarmingly endearing and only made him rate all the higher in Tony’s books.
a dark whisper echoed, lingering on the fringes of his mind. It called him unworthy. Accused him of being the omega slut Obie had always said he was.
Tony’s throat was closed too tightly to answer. But he didn’t have to.
“Come on,” Tony said. “It’s time to go. I have to get you home for dinner.”
“Rogers!” a grizzled, older man shouted. “Stop flirting and check the chemicals in the pool!”
“What are we under arrest for?” Steve sputtered through a surprised laugh, holding up a large hand to stop more water from hitting his face.
Then, with an intensity that made Tony want to hold his breath, he said, “This isn’t a game, and I’m going to do whatever it takes to prove that to you.” From the look on his face, it was a promise that he had every intention of keeping.
His blood was rushing through his ears. He was hyperventilating.
“I’ve got time.” Then, before Tony could adequately process whether he should read into that statement or not, Steve asked, “Where’s Dum-E now?”
God, he must’ve been out of his mind to have agreed to this. So out of his mind that he didn’t care to find his missing sanity.
Tony loved and hated it all at once.
Holding a tissue to his face, Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, staunching the flow of blood.
“I’ll get it,” Darcy announced, rolling off her chair.
“Maria Stark happened. Yeah, I got a visit from my estranged mother. She decided to stop by and mend fences—on one condition. Want to know what the condition is? Come on, Rogers, ask me. Take your best guess.”
“Tony!” someone called his name.
like his very life depended on it—away from Tony until he disappeared down the street.
Tony had to steer them out of the emotionally charged territory they’d landed in, and into something more purely physical.
“If you mated Steve an’ he was mean to you, I would poison him.”
Tony dropped the shirt and raced out of the room.
“Uh…what was that last one?” Darcy squinted.
It made Tony want to have phone sex with him. Or any kind of sex, really. And holy sweet mother of mercy, he needed to stop that train of thought right now. “I thought the youth of today only communicated via texting,” he grumbled.
Scent marking was used to communicate protection, love, and/or affection. It could also stand as a sign of ownership. Obie’s had always been solely the latter.
“Putting some distance between us.”
“Listen, about the other night…” the teen’s expression was unreadable, and he seemed to be holding himself unnaturally still. “You and that alpha…are you and he—you weren’t on a date, were you?”
Some things could never be unburdened. Some things were carried with you forever.
I haven't written anything of a ~steamy~ nature in a while so apologies if it sucks (pun somewhat intended).
Growling. Steve was growling. Hugely scary, dangerous type of growling. Fury radiating off of him at a level Tony hadn’t been prepared for.
It shouldn’t have felt as good as it did.
“Hurry up, Nanny Tony, you’re too slow,” Natasha tugged at his hand, attempting to drag him behind her. She’d been bouncing along at the pace of a speed demon since they’d left the house. He was having to practically jog to keep up with her. “I’m not gettin’ any younger.”
He bled as much as he needed to. Endured the bruises, the broken bones, and the pain life dealt him, but he didn’t cry.
“Good. You’re doing great. I’m gonna tell you about the time my dad and I took Bucky to the mall but I need you to keep breathing just like that. Can you do that for me?”
“Nanny Patricia tried to spank me,” Nat scowled.
And he never wanted to be again.
“Splash fight!” Bucky yelled, breaking up their moment.
. She needed me.” What if she’d felt the lack of love all those months and had decided not to fight to live? “It was my fault. She must have known. Felt it. Felt that she was unwanted. If I’d been different...accepted her sooner...if I’d—...maybe she’d still...”
“I’m sorry to break it to you, but I think there’s a flaw somewhere in that logic.”
Making a pained noise, the alpha pulled his hand away.
“This is the least you can do, Anthony. You can repair our family.”
Tony wouldn’t voice it, but he liked it, too. Wearing the teenager’s scent made him feel safer and less alone than he had in, god, far longer than he could remember. More at home in his own skin. Like he had a tribe of his own. Someone he could belong with.
“No…I mean…if you stay close… Or, um, I guess
The life vest quickly stopped him from being submerged, his body jerking as it buoyed him to the surface. The water was a pleasant temperature, neither too hot nor too cold, and for about a millisecond, he almost managed to convince himself that everything was fine.
Suddenly, her hands shot to her hips, and she pinned Tony with the shrewd stare of someone much older. “Will his handsome brother be there too?”
Steve remained unconvinced.
He could still hear Howard’s voice in his head as clear as anything. Could smell the whiskey on his breath.
Steve threw Bucky over his shoulder and held him hostage. “Take that back.”
Now, if only he could do something about his hair...
As in: seeing each other outside of his swimming lessons? In a darkened theatre, alone? Without the safety net of the kids being there as mini chaperones?
“Me? No, no. I didn’t fix anything. I answer the phones and, uh, make customer drop-offs. I can barely keep up with all this fancy newfangled technology. My boss handles all the repairs, clearly.”
“Let’s hear it.”
He wanted to ask her how she knew what the word pyromaniac meant…but, no, actually, on second thought, he was afraid to find out. “Right. We’ll go with that.”
The alpha was standing confidently at the far end of the pool, looking like some kind of ridiculously handsome god of the sea. His’s arms were crossed over his broad chest, making his already impressive biceps bulge even more. The sun was glancing off the hollows of his cheekbones, and he was wearing a pair of reflective, black aviators.
want you. But it doesn’t always have to be about me.”
Steve’s lips moved against Tony’s avidly for a few heartbeats before breaking away.
Carefully setting her down and straightening up, he joked, “So I’ve been told. And believe me, I thank my lucky stars for that. I shudder to think of the poor nannies who permanently ended up on your bad side.”
. “No, but I do have a complaint. Sure took you long enough, Rogers. You could’ve done this two dates ago.”
The teenager squared his stance, face losing some of its softness. “I have one rule of my own. I’m the only person you ‘explore’ the summer with. I don’t share. I want you all to myself.” Then, seeming to realize that he’d just promised ‘no alpha bullshit’ and was already coming dangerously close to breaking that rule, he amended, “Please.”
blush. “Oh. Um, that’s alright. It’s possible that I may have
One blow job later and the headboard was in ruins.
Steve spoke as if the two of them were some kind of team.
Being alive. Awake. No longer numb.
Tony seized the chance to distract Rhodey. “Gee, I wonder who that could be? I thought we were all here. Is Nebula coming?”
Especially because the alpha was still hovering over his shoulder. He was waiting for Steve to step away and take a seat at the table—hopefully
“Hey, what’s going on here?” Tony injected sternly. “Give those back to him.”
“Good call,” Tony said, defaulting to a protective veneer of being aloof. “I wouldn’t have gone. I’ve made an exception for you, but hanging out with a bunch of jocks isn’t my scene. That’s your world. Not mine.”
He’d had to promise her a dozen times that nothing bad was going to happen to him and that she’d see him again soon. And even then, she’d only reluctantly let him go after Darcy had been forced to pull her away.
“Is it the third period yet?” Tony complained. “This game feels like it’s never going to end.” It’d been at least five minutes since Steve had kissed him, and that was five minutes too long.
Tony shot up, twisting to face him. “Wait, what? But...but alphas don’t do that.”
He let go.
Steve frowned. “You’re not trouble,” he said firmly. “Come on.” He motioned towards the kitchen. “I’m going to make you that coffee.”
It was the kind of voice that was easily distinguishable as belonging to an alpha. And even though there was no actual alpha command in it, it still made something prickle along Tony’s spine. He lifted his head and blanched, suddenly feeling like he’d been punched in the gut, or, since they were at the pool and swimming metaphors were more appropriate, like he was plummeting into the deep end and all the air had left his lungs.
During the time he’d been mated to Obie, he’d been banned from building or designing anything. He hadn’t been allowed to set foot into the older man’s workshop or to so much as look at a wrench. The older alpha had once locked Tony up for days without food or water because he’d dared to offer a suggestion on the man’s latest project.
Tony wasn’t clear on why that particular memory had such a hold over him. It was far from the worst thing that had ever happened to him. His life had gotten progressively harder from that day forward.
“Steeeeve!” Bucky burst into the open kitchen with Nat hot on his heels. She skittered into him, almost knocking them both over before he steadied her. “We want to play in the backyard.”
Desire speared through Tony, making his stomach clench low with want. Okay, he needed to stop ogling before he suffered a total system error. A popup with the words ‘file not found’ had already replaced 90 percent of his mental processing.
Tony kept tugging until he’d dragged Steve all the way out to the car.
“I don’t want to ‘work my way up’ to anything. I want to rip it off like a Band-Aid and be done with it.”
The teen was breathing heavier, desire continuing to strain his face. “Hey, don’t do that. Of course I do. What part of ‘I always want you' didn’t you understand?” He heaved another breath, seeming to wrestle with himself before he was able to get the next words out. “Fuck. I can’t believe I’m saying this... but it was an emotional night. You're particularly vulnerable right now. Ask me again in a couple of days.”
Caught off guard, Tony asked, “What makes you think I’m going to die?”
“Are you even old enough to drink?” Rhodey asked, knowing full well Steve wasn’t.
Nat beamed at him with a smile so unsettling it gave the creepy little kid from
“We did the same thing we always do—watched movies and fooled around.” Tony wasn’t ready to let the topic drop. “Wouldn’t you have rather had a party?”
Tony’s comeback died on the tip of his tongue as he caught the unpleasant sight of his reflection in the mirror on the wall. Not surprisingly, he looked small and flustered and his face was drawn and pale. He turned his eyes away.
The teen pressed a kiss to the top of his head. “I’m not going anywhere, baby.”
Tony followed Natasha as she bounded up the front porch of her new friend’s home. He had received a phone call from a woman named Sarah, who was the mother of the boy Natasha had met at the pool. Sarah had invited Natasha and Tony over for a playdate.
“You don’t have to answer that,” Tony said.
Steve looked oddly tentative when he added, “I didn’t think you’d wanna come.”
And why was Steve explaining himself to Tony like Tony was some overeager girlfriend who’d devolve into a tailspin if Steve didn’t text him back for a few hours?
Steve dropped a couple more soft kisses onto his lips before tucking his face into Tony’s neck.
Oh, this was bad. DEFCON 1 level bad.
At least now he was being more careful about it. He—hopefully—wasn’t taking on too much. And he wasn’t doing it alone.
He’d have to be more careful about disguising the true nature of his relationship with the alpha going forward. She was too close to catching on.
Giving Tony the distance he so clearly required, Steve backed off slightly, stepping away from the wall.
At some point, Steve had moved the two of them into Tony’s room. He’d tucked Tony into bed, arranging the blankets around him, and then climbed in behind him. His arm was an iron bar around Tony’s waist, holding Tony as closely to him as possible.
The stinging behind his eyelids returned. This time, however, the emotion that caused it was a different one.
Whatever the reason was, Tony was sure that the novelty would wear off soon. Steve would realize that Tony wasn’t worthy of his attention and would inevitably return to his shinier, perkier peers.
A bolt of electricity shot through him at the contact.
“You’re good with her,” the alpha said from beside him, his voice laced in approval.
Darcy plunked down next to him. “We need to find out more about this guy,” she said as she pulled her phone out of the pocket of her tiny shorts. “He’s
“What the hell’s going on with you?” he demanded once they’d climbed into the SUV. His restraint had lasted precisely as long as it had taken Steve to start backing out of the driveway. “First, you show up here uninvited—”
“Buck’s going to lose it when I bring this home,” Steve continued. “He can finally stop trying to trade his toys for the one you made Natasha.”
“You can’t keep me from seeing him,” he said warily.
Nat’s gaze narrowed when Tony took too long to answer. “You hafta choose me back or I’ll burn down the kitchen and tell momma and daddy it was you.”
The irony there wasn’t lost on Tony, either. This was what he’d asked for.
It was becoming abundantly clear to Tony that Steve was a foul mouth at heart. The teenager cleaned up his language when they were around everyone else, but when they were alone—particularly when they were watching sports—Steve let loose, cursing with all the colors of the wind.
Good. That was great. A relief, even. He hadn’t
“I told you I don’t care about that,” Steve said, jaw hardening like he was gearing up for an argument.
Which was a bad, bad thought to be having in such a public place. The last thing he needed was his pheromones acting up again.
The teenager’s insatiable appetite for him was a powerful aphrodisiac. He was always up for it. Always in the mood. Tony only had to look at Steve sideways and the alpha’s heavy cock would already be thickening in his athletic shorts, standing at attention.
She lifted her teary face. “I d-don’t want you to die,” she hiccupped softly.
Tony grimaced. “Elvis didn’t die so that terrible pun could live.”
His instincts had honed in on the alpha in an unfortunate ‘Every Breath You Take, Every Move You Make’ kind of fixation. The teenager always had such a strong, magnetic presence about him, no matter what he was doing. Tony had never gotten a handle on tuning it out. Shivery goosebumps prickled his skin when Steve came up behind him to place the pizza box on the table.
“Anthony Edward Stark?” a woman holding a clipboard called out, breaking through whatever spell Tony had fallen under. “The doctor will see you now.”
“No, I—”
Jane tried cautioning him some more, but Tony quickly made up an excuse to end the call.
The corners of Steve’s mouth quirked up at Tony’s comment before turning serious again. “I didn’t always look like this,” he admitted. “Things used to be…well, I’ll be honest…they used to be pretty rough. I was born with a bad case of asthma and a weak immune system. The doctors hadn’t expected me to live very long. They’d warned my parents that I was going to die almost every other day. I was allergic to everything, on a hundred different medications. I'd end up bedridden from something as simple as getting a head cold…and I was small. Smaller than all the other kids my age.” Giving his head a slight shake like he was bringing himself back from the past, he continued, “Presenting as an alpha saved me. My health problems seemed to vanish overnight. But I’ll never forget where I came from. Or how unbelievably fortunate I am.” Adding heavily, “Or how damned easily it could all be taken away.”
to get
“It’s his access code,” Tony explained. “Powers him on and off. It’ll come in handy. Otherwise, he’s liable to keep you up at all hours of the night with a constant stream of football facts. I can only hear so many times that the first football was made out of an inflated pig’s bladder.” Plus, he wanted to talk to Steve without having an artificially intelligent audience butting in. “So, full disclosure: remember when I denied looking you up on Facebook? I fibbed. I’m a big fibber. I only know your birthday because Darcy and I cyber sleuthed your profile when we first met.”
“No.”
“Tonight,” the alpha confirmed. “After your shift. You and me, dinner and a movie.”
He was unreasonably upset.
It had become normal for them to send each other a play-by-play of their day. If Tony’s phone wasn’t pinging with alerts from Steve, it was for one of two reasons. One being because Steve had to put his phone away for work, and the other being because Steve was already there beside him.
“Oh. Yeah. That was me.” Steve looked down at his hands. “Pretty pathetic, huh?”
“I’m not a kid.” Steve’s eyes flashed, his massive frame appearing somehow even larger. “I wasn’t a kid when I was getting the shit beat out of me every day, and I wasn’t a kid when my dad passed away. I grew up a long time ago. I know what responsibility looks like. I know how to take care of my own. Who do you think made sure the bills were paid when my mom was too sick with mate loss to get out of bed? Who helped Buck with his homework and got him ready for school in the morning? Don’t accuse me of being a kid when I’ve been raising one alongside my mother for years.”
It was incredibly important to Tony that Steve respected his wishes in this. How he chose to deal with Obie...if he dealt with Obie...that was up to him. He’d had too many choices taken away from him already. He wouldn’t allow this to become another one.
Steve’s jaw clenched. “There was no
“So…” Tony blew out a frustrated breath. “What about you? What do you like to do in your free time?”
The water was a cold shock to Tony’s system. It swallowed him whole, pulling him down deeper and deeper.
His mother had used to play their music for him when he was really little. He could remember her tinkling laughter as they’d danced together, spinning and twirling around the room. Of course, it hadn’t happened often. His mother had rarely been home and had even more rarely payed attention to him. But, still…it was one of the few positive memories from his childhood.
“Do you have any Band-Aids?” There, that wasn’t so hard. He hadn’t stuttered at all.
Tony knew nothingness.
“He texts you back at the speed of light,” Darcy said, like Tony was being deliberately obtuse. “That boy is whipped.”
Obie had compounded the damage those lessons had left behind. Had reinforced it and fed it until it’d taken on a life of its own.
And he knew right then and there that this barely legal man-boy was going to ruin him.
But doing it for Steve wasn’t a hardship. No, he was greedy for it.
So why did the thought of Steve on a date with anyone else sting so much?
“…Yeah,” Steve said, bemused. “Why?”
“I think the bacon’s burning.”
He’d gone so far as to deliberately lock Tony away from the outside world in order to keep him reliant on whatever crumbs the older man had chosen to toss his way.
If Steve’s fingers felt this incredible, how would his cock feel? Tony wouldn’t survive it. He’d splinter into a million pieces.
Natasha shared no such sentiments. She happily barreled passed him. “Hi Captain Handsome!” she greeted with a ballet curtsy.
Like a dam breaking, it overflowed out of him—his last, most closely guarded secret.
Steve stuck the key in the ignition, the engine coming to life with a soft rumble. “You didn’t ruin anything. A lot of people have trouble getting back into the water after something like—”
He watched as she scampered off. Bruce followed suit, presumably relocating to a quieter spot to continue his scathing email.
Going for a drive in Steve’s van? They’d barely circled the block before Steve had been forced to pull over. Their make out session had been so voracious, Tony had accidentally honked the car horn with his butt.
True acceptance was one of the rarest commodities in his life.
Waltzing over to Rhodey, “Why move my chair when I can just monopolize yours? Sharing is caring, Gummy bear.” He dropped himself down onto Rhodey’s lap.
And why was Tony going along with it?
Nat’s question came back to him.
…Even if he did look more grownup than most adults.
One last thing, since the story isn’t written from Steve’s POV, I’ll just leave this here: upon getting home later that day after it all went down—and after all that he’d learned about Obie & Tony’s parents—I have it on good authority that someone *cough*Steve*cough* totaled the punching bag in his basement and put a few holes in the wall. His knuckles were shredded. Good thing about that alpha healing, huh? :P
“Is there anything I can do?” he increased his pacing. “What if I start taking a higher dosage? Would that help?”
Immune to Tony’s sass and ribbing by now, Steve simply called his bluff.
“Everyone watches Disney movies,” Steve replied easily.
Tony believed him.
He was in freefall. He was in too deep.
He and Rhodey had been invited to attend Darcy and Jane’s barbeque. Jane and her mate, Thor, were hosting it in their backyard.
“And apologize to our guest,” Steve added.
hard with the emojis? Do I seem like the type to call him stud and spam him with 100 hearts?”
The teenager was killing him with kindness again.
Steve lifted Tony off his knees and repositioned him onto his lap. Arranging them so that Tony’s back was leaning against his chest, he wrapped his big arms securely around him, resting his chin on Tony’s head.
Great. More alpha posturing. And, lucky him, he was caught in the middle. He guessed it was too much to ask to have hoped that the dick measuring portion was over for the evening.
Steve didn’t move a muscle. His blue eyes burned into Tony’s.
“I wanted it to happen. I want it to
But Tony knew better. Tony was the one who had been sold off by his parents before his sixteenth birthday.
Darcy was currently flipping through a copy of Omega’s Secret. As far as Tony was concerned, the magazine was nothing more than thinly disguised alpha propaganda. It was filled with articles like ‘Meals to Make Your Mate Happy’ ‘5 Submissive Tricks to Try During Your Next Heat’ and ‘How to Please Your Alpha.’
That emotion—the strength of it—was new.
"ID card, please,” a bored sounding receptionist droned. “What is your emergency?”
Tony scooted off his lap and retreated to the farthest end of the sofa.
Tony understood, logically, that assigning blame was pointless. He knew, on some level, that he wasn’t at fault. But it
when Tony was his age.
Nat had been busy preparing for her junior dance recital all week, and that, coupled with her new fear of the pool, had made it surprisingly easy for Tony to avoid the alpha since their world shattering, fated-to-be-doomed kiss last Friday. However, Tony knew that it was only a matter of time before Nat started asking to see Bucky again soon. He’d have to come face to face with Steve eventually.
A tiny ember of something that Tony refused to name niggled at him but he suffocated it until it promptly died. His mind rejected her words like he had a built-in firewall. He couldn’t let them mean anything to him – not even for a nanosecond. Not even for
that and how did he stop it from happening?
for my attention, and then you spit in my face when I give it to you.” His nostrils flared angrily and his grip tightened again—this time to the point of pain. “You’re awful choosy for a disgraced bitch. You omegas always think you’re too good for us, but from that ink on your neck, I know that ain’t true.”
Steve immediately tensed, letting out what Tony was pretty sure was an honest to god growl. “Did he—?”
“When I almost got hurt at the pool…” he said tentatively, “that was scary, huh?”
The spacious kitchen seemed small now that the alpha was in it.
He wasn’t ready to forgive himself.
protect you. You use scent blocker to hide my scent. You don’t hide his.”
“Why are you even here?” Tony complained. “I didn’t think you were working today.”
It was the please that did it. Something about the alpha begging completely undid him, snapping the last thread of his control.
His memory of the night before was slowly coming back to him.
because he tightened his arms around Tony and lifted him up. Tony wound his legs around the alpha’s waist.
Tony shook his head, his face heating uncomfortably. “No. Nothing like that.”
“Alright. Do you remember the rules?” Tony rearranged Natasha’s crooked goggles, almost unable to believe that they’d finally reached their destination. They’d run into some trouble while trying to get inside the community center. Their wagon hadn’t been permitted on the pool deck, and Tony’d had quite the challenge convincing Nat that she couldn’t wear her ‘tail’ AKA her pillowcase in the water. The last thing he needed was for the girl to almost drown on his watch.
“Ariel is boring.” Natasha’s nose wrinkled. “She thinks about boys too much.”
She nodded, making her eyes big and guilty, like she knew it would sucker him in.
Tony mentally snuffed that pathetic voice out.
Rounding a corner, he stumbled on a bathroom and blindly hurled himself inside, locking the door behind him with shaking fingers. Not that the lock would do him any good. The alpha was easily strong enough to break down the door.
He’d been afraid of the strength of his reaction to Steve. That it’d render him powerless in his own body.
“Who’s Smalls?”
Tony followed after her in an anxiety fueled trance, eagerness and trepidation warring inside him.
? Oh, that must’ve been the name of Bruce’s bully.
He should do it. He knew he should.
. “Aww,” he teased, trying to play it off. “Are you jealous, Rhodey-bear? Don’t worry, you’re still my favorite alpha.”
She and Steve looked perfect together. They were both the kind of good looking that wasn’t achievable by most mere mortals. They fit into each other’s worlds.
Granted, Tony’s knowledge of date etiquette was limited, but he’d assumed cuddles were part of the drive-in movie experience. Otherwise, what was the point of them sitting all close together and cozy in the SUV?
?” Tony repeated incredulously. “Because you can’t. It’s not possible. Do you
The teen’s unyielding kindness was his downfall.
He was horrified to realize that his eyes were starting to itch. He swallowed, clearing the lump in his throat. “So, there you have it. There’s my poor-little-rich-boy childhood story. Don’t feel too sorry for me, though, I did have a wicked awesome butler.” Pasting on a grin that didn’t feel quite as convincing as he’d intended it to be, he finally risked eye contact with Steve. He hadn’t been able to look at the alpha while he’d been essentially ripping himself open.
“I didn’t want to pass up the chance to see you,” Steve said, pitching his voice low. “Are you mad? Do you want me to go?”
“Extend your leg!” Nat lightly rapped Bucky with a pool noodle. “You’re not extendin’! Straighten your posture! No slouchin’! Posture is key! Or you’ll never be the lead swan in
Her immaculate, bone straight hair was tied back into a familiar French twist. Her nails were short, red, and neatly manicured. A strand of pearls adorned her neck, and she was styled to the nines in a tailored, navy blue dress that probably cost more than he made in a year.
It gave him a rush of power. Made him feel completely different from the helpless victim he’d been with Obie.
Tony’s pulse sped up, traitorous cock twitching in interest.
“You gonna offer to buy me from them yourself?” Tony sneered. “Nobly offer me your mating contract? ‘Cause it won’t work, pal. You haven’t amassed enough of a fortune t’ interest them as a suitor. Filthy rich is the only language they know.”
“Darcy also speaks in third person.”
. In his case, both seemed to apply. “I do...feel something for you. I know I shouldn’t, but I do.”
“Okay...so I might’ve, maybe, drowned a little.”
Watery eyes, sore jaw, saliva everywhere—he kept going.
“What’s this?” Brock laughed, picking up on Tony’s visible panic. “Don’t tell me you’re afraid of the water…”
His instincts took over and a burst of omega pheromones flooded the air. Dawning horror filled him as his body instantly readied itself for the teenager and an uncomfortable rush of slick gushed out of him.
Again with the ‘baby’. He really had to get Steve to quit doing that. He didn’t like how soft and squiggly it made his stomach.
to look good; it comes effortlessly to me’ selfie. Spoiler alert: it didn’t. He almost gave up before having a stroke of genius. Figuring Steve would get a kick out of it, he recreated the original sketch the teen had made for him—the one where he was flipping the bird and smirking out over the top of his sunglasses.
Biting back a grin, Tony extinguished the spark of warmth that was attempting to take hold of him. There was something undeniably amusing about seeing Mr. Tall-and-Strapping-Perfect-Alpha using a silly emoji.
It was a bit of a kick in the teeth.
After last night, he would’ve thought he’d run out of them.
, he chanted to himself. Nothing was going to happen.
After that, Darcy had chucked him on the shoulder with a, “Glad you’re not dead, dude, that would’ve really sucked,” which in Darcy speak was about as close to a heartfelt confession as he was gonna get. And then he’d been loaded into Steve’s SUV and they were off.
“K-kiss me already,” Tony demanded breathily, afraid that he was going to start begging if Steve held out on him much longer.
“Wasn’t it?” It was easier to focus on his anger than all the wrong ways the 18-year-old made him feel. It wouldn’t be the first time his mouth had gotten him into trouble anyway. He was forever being accused of being ‘too difficult’ and ‘argumentative’. Just ask Obie.
“You’re, um, really big,” Tony blurted unthinkingly, a hitch in his breath. Was it wrong that his mouth was watering?
There was a long, weighted pause.
“Like I said, it’s very rare. But I agree that such pertinent information needs to be more readily accessible for omegas. Hopefully things start changing one of these days.”
“Ugh,” Tony made a face. “You’re so well adjusted it’s actually nauseating. You’re the most mindboggling teenager ever.”
Her sniffling grew louder. “I don’t want you to die! I don’t want mama and daddy to die! I don’t want
. He couldn’t actually make himself say the word so he skipped on to his next demand. “And I won’t tolerate any possessive alpha bullshit.”
“Enough stalling,” Steve ordered, jaw pulsing. “Hospital. Now.”
Now, he doubted whether he’d ever see his mother again. She and his father had disowned him after he’d become disgraced. Though, in most ways, he felt like he’d already lost them before that. Or like he’d never really had them at all.
Steve was hard for him—
There hadn’t been a funeral or burial. Obie had discarded her like she’d meant less than nothing—had
“I called you an alpha. I didn’t call you
Pushing at Steve’s arm, he rolled onto his back. Their eyes met, the teen watching him intently.
“Let me get this clear,” Tony blinked. “You want me to fix Bucky’s tablet? And you’re willing to pay me to do it?”
Instead, a weird, almost possessive thrill moved through him as he watched Steve walk around his home—
Tony gazed blearily at the closed door. Why wasn’t the alpha breaking it down? Why was Steve helping him?
Particularly if they came in the form of his mother trying to stage a second family reunion.
Steve went very, very still. “You think I don’t want you?”
The two of them were playing Spies and Robbers. Nat had tied Bruce to a lawn chair with some pink skipping rope. From what Tony could gather, she was pretending to be a member of the CIA on a special mission to stop a renowned jewel thief.
, Tony’s brain warned him, recalling how scary Steve had been when he’d gotten angry at the younger lifeguard.
Miraculously, it worked. The teen listened, remaining behind.
Of the nameless, faceless person Steve would inevitably end up with. His true mate. The one he was most compatible with.
Steve was brimming with pride. “I knew you could do it, baby.”
“Great. Buck’s going to love it.” Steve accepted the knapsack and placed it down onto the park bench so that he could grab his wallet out of his back pocket.
And then Steve had turned weirdly serious.
“What did you say to him?” Darcy propped her sunglasses up into her hair. “He looks like a kicked golden retriever puppy.”
Despite all that, a sick part of him yearned for Steve’s attention; wanted to preen under the teenager’s gaze. He’d even spent extra time in the mirror that morning, trying to tame his thick, short brown hair before realizing what he was doing and stomping off. And no matter how many times he told himself that he was only returning to the pool for Nat’s benefit, he knew it was a lie. He was turning into a goddamn omega cliché.
eighteen again. He overwrote his history, pretending that Steve was the first and only person to ever touch him - that he wasn’t old and used up. Wasn't unclean and tainted by Obie.
“Yeah.”
The pencil in Steve’s hand began moving across the notepad again as he refocused on whatever it was he was doing. Tony sat up straighter, trying to peak at it, but he still couldn’t get a good look. The angle was all wrong.
He’d rounded up Darcy and Bruce, and they’d set off on another excursion to the community center.
Tony tried not to laugh at her obvious enthusiasm. “I think they heard you. Give them a second to come to the door.”
It was boyish and annoyingly endearing and Tony quickly found his defenses deflating. “We’re not in the pool.”
A burst of neediness had seized Tony. He’d sought to eliminate the distance that had cropped up between them; to reaffirm their closeness in the only way he knew how. He’d thrown himself at Steve, sliding his hand up Steve’s muscular thigh. Fingers playing with Steve’s belt, he’d shamelessly offered to give Steve his “other” birthday present.
The alpha slid in front of them like a six-foot-plus human shield. The action sent a tidal wave of water at Bucky so high it left him coughing and spitting chlorine out of his mouth. Nat giggled and stuck out her tongue at Bucky.
She laced up her shoes and Steve and Bucky escorted them to the door.
Too make matters worse, it was as if Steve somehow knew Tony had a weakness for him in blue, because he was wearing a blue jersey with his name across the back, and a matching baseball cap of the same color. His broad shoulders were so wide they were practically casting a shadow over the park, and he was holding two cups of Starbucks.
Upping his game? That did not bode well. Stomach swarming with butterflies of dread, he hurriedly looked at the screen to assess the damage. This is what ‘he’ had texted Steve:
He was permanently aroused and aching. Unable to function. To think. To sleep. Every morning he woke up drenched in his own slick, hips grinding uselessly into the mattress. His dreams were filled with Steve. His waking thoughts were filled with Steve.
“Really, Darce?” he complained. “Did you have to go
The teen’s gaze sharpened on him. “Where else would I be?”
“There are other reasons,” Tony licked his lips, breath hitching. “Very good ones that I’m having trouble recalling right this second. But they’re…um, they’re...very valid, very convincing—”
And then Steve was right there, reaching for him, wrapping Tony in his arms. An answering sound of comfort left his throat as he tucked Tony against his big, strong chest.
Hanging out in Tony’s apartment? Bad idea.
Steve was walking alongside a group of three other teenagers—one guy and two girls.
“Why?”
Tony’s heart gave a painful thump.
“If I find out you didn't get him home safely… If I find out you’ve done something—anything—to hurt him...ever; at all...I’ll kill you.”
“I remember Howard being on his phone every five minutes. And the two of you hopping onto your private jet and unloading me with the tour guide after an urgent business call.”
“You are.”
Tony had no words for what it meant that Steve was giving him this. That Steve was allowing Tony to have a safe, positive experience with his pheromones. He didn’t have to resent them or be afraid. Or worry that they’d be weaponized against him. He could just...be.
That-which-he-did-not-think-about, remember?
He wasn’t worthy of the teenager’s loyalty.
But he strangely didn’t hate the way he looked in Steve’s sketch of him. The desperation and shame that usually darkened his eyes—hanging over him like an ever-constant shadow—weren’t there. The Tony in the picture was wearing his favorite ACDC shirt (the one he’d worn his first day at the pool) and was laughing while flipping someone—presumably Darcy—the middle finger. He had his black sunglasses propped on the end of his nose, appearing confident and happy, his eyes practically smirking. He looked like someone youthful and charismatic. Like the kind of person he might’ve been in another life.
“I yelled at you in public,” Tony hissed. “I defied you. I am openly defying you as we speak. Do something about it. Get angry.”
“I know,” the alpha finally said, voice cold and devoid of emotion. “You think I could forget that, Tony?”
mean it—start a fire an’ hope to fry, may you never tell a lie?”
He was aware it was designed to manipulate him.
“I should get going.” Steve huffed a regretful sigh into Tony’s neck. “We both need to be up early.”
The alpha chuckled good-naturedly. “I stand corrected.”
They jumped into the shallow end together, Nat holding onto his hand like a lifeline. Her tiny fingers squeezed his with more force than he’d would have expected from a child her size.
The teen was trying to downplay how affected he was by Tony’s scent, but Tony knew he was having a challenging time of it. The truth was evident in the stiff, unrelaxed rigidity of his muscles. In the way he was choosing to breathe through his mouth instead of his nose. In the prominent, not-going-anywhere bulge that looked like it was threatening to rip through his shorts.
“I’m not home,” he irreverently told the person knocking at his door.
But here, in these stolen, fleeting pieces of summer, he remembered.
“Come on.” Steve grabbed a second, larger lifejacket. “I’ll put one on, too.”
“My doctors hadn’t thought I’d live very long, either...we’ve got that in common. We beat the odds, you and me. I always knew you were a badass, but now I know you’ve been a fighter since the day you were born.”
he actually was, but it didn’t exactly go according to plan. A sudden head rush descended on him, almost toppling him back onto his ass.
“Where do you think you’re going, little lady?” he said with mock seriousness. “Aren’t you forgetting something?”
Besides, it wasn’t like it was some big secret. Tony had done a poor job of hiding how damaged he was. Nobody reacted the way he did to physical intimacy without having some deeply upsetting skeletons in their closet.
A spike of fear shot through Tony because
“Have I said thank you yet?” Tony asked softly.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Tony mumbled, attempting to let him down easy. “I haven’t read it myself, but I’d hazard a guess that staying the night is frowned upon in the Buddies With Benefits rulebook.”
And the hits kept coming.
Seeing Steve with the kids all afternoon was having an untoward effect on him. The alpha was so damn good with them. Patient when he needed to be patient. Strict when he needed to be strict. If Steve ever had children in the future, he'd be the superhero of dads.
The alpha sucked in a breath, appearing almost hesitant, like he couldn’t quite believe Tony had given him permission.
Tony shut off the music playing in his workshop—The Protomen’s ‘
He wasn’t very successful.
The sound of female snickering broke Tony out of his reverie.
Cheeks heating, Tony darted a look at the kids. Thankfully, they wouldn't be able to hear him and Steve’s conversation from the backyard. Still, this topic was not one he was ready to discuss.
Tony yanked his arm free. “Let go of me.”
I was tempted to name the baby Morgan, but that hurt my heart way too much. I named her Amelia after Amelia Trask from the comics (Earth-161), instead. She's apparently Tony's cousin, and I honestly don’t know that much about her, but she sounded like a good fit.
He was wetter than he’d ever been outside of his heat.
The alpha was as hot and hard as iron, throbbing in his fist.
“Oh. Uh. Well...I’m touched you care, pumpkin, but I wouldn’t be doing my job if I didn’t discourage you from poisoning anyone. There are better ways to solve conflicts. Say no to murder. Murder isn’t cool.” He capped off his lecture with, “And stay in school.”
“Mm-hmm. Last question. Do you have any health concerns and are you on any current medication?”
To hot, slick kisses. Losing all his inhibitions and sense of control.
Fuck that.
“Dum dum da dum,” Nat sang, immersed in enacting a wedding between Barbie and G.I. Joe.
It took a toll on his soul, holding all that smoke.
“A little of column A, a little of column B,” Jane guessed.
The teen appeared completely absorbed by him, as though he was determined to imprint Tony’s every response in his memory. He took his time learning Tony’s body. How to touch him. What he liked. What made him curse. Made his breathing accelerate. Made him thrash his head and white knuckle the bedsheets in total abandon.
They fell into a short silence after that, sipping their coffees and watching the kids—Nat and Bucky were taking turns pushing each other down a big, yellow slide—until Steve broached another topic.
The alpha’s cock was impossibly long and thick, veins pulsing from the base to its wide, flaring head. He looked so hard it had to hurt, a shocking amount of pre-cum already dripping down the tip.
Only…no, wait. That wasn’t right, either. Brock didn’t look surprised. He looked
The kissing noises continued.
Time to stop holding Steve at arm’s length. To allow himself to have this.
? Where in the world had this 18-year-old learned how to be so damned romantic? He wasn’t playing fair.
Tony fought a blush as he tried not to picture Steve brandishing a bouquet of roses. “Oh. Um, you figured right. Casual is good. I’m very happy with casual. Also, for future reference? I’m not really the hearts and flowers type. I’d much prefer a bouquet of power cables.”
“Check the math again.”
Steve’s eyebrows were pulling together like he was trying not to laugh. “We’re not going to be torn in half by a tornado, Tony. But if we are, you get to say ‘I told you so.’”
“Okay, now you’re
“Bucky broke his tablet, but he won’t let us take it in for repairs because he wants you to fix it. He thinks you’re some kind of tech whiz. He keeps talking about how you built Natasha a dancing robot…?”
He could only hope that his scent blockers (and ten layers of sunscreen) were strong enough to mask it. Either way, he needed to get away from this man, and fast. “Bye,” he blurted out awkwardly. Then he grabbed Darcy and hauled them both to the other side of the pool, where Natasha was playing.
The voice succeeded in filling him with shame, causing him to pull away from anything that might lead to his potential pleasure.
“The alpha I was with before...he...uh, wasn’t real understanding of the word ‘no’.” To put it mildly. “Omegas aren’t people to him. We’re property. And property doesn't get to have an opinion.”
Also, thank you so much for all the comments and kudos on the last chapter! This is my first time writing for this pairing so I've been pretty nervous to post here, but your comments left the biggest smile on my face. :)
“I hate the crusts,” she affirmed, like it was a very serious matter. Her stomach seemed to growl at the mention of food. In a small voice, she entreated, “Can I have a sandwich?”
“So pull your chair over here,” Rhodes told him. “Because I’m not rubbing you with aloe vera when you end up burnt to a crisp again.”
He wasn’t going to allow anything to interfere with Steve getting the future he deserved and leaving for his scholarship in September. Least of all himself.
No, correction, he was making
“Nope.”
Tony spread out his arms as Steve approached. “Welcome to my humble abode.”
has made some art of this story.
“I know,” Tony answered without thinking.
Hope you like the new chapter. Thanks for reading. :)
Darcy slid Tony a cold beer across the table. Catching it, he popped the cap, and took a long pull from the bottle. The cool, frothy liquid was a welcome relief from the hot sun.
“Give me a break, kid,” he panted, struggling to follow her uphill. “You’re seven. I’m almost 30. I’m not cut out for this kind of cardiovascular endurance anymore.”
Bucky was holding his own against the two of them until Steve joined Team Tony and Nat.
, Tony felt entitled to repeat himself,
“Yeah,” Tony said dryly,” his handsome brother will be there too.”
Steve’s sheepishness vanished with a sharp growl. “Nobody sees you like this but me.”
Steve was staring up at Tony from between Tony’s parted thighs, his mouth shiny with Tony’s wetness, powerful muscles corded from the strain of holding still. Possessive fingers gripped Tony’s upper thigh; the teen’s hand bigger than the leg it was wrapped around.
In the meantime, though, Tony was still freaking the fuck out. He had even less of an idea now of how to act around Steve than before.
“It’s okay.” Bruce slid his glasses back on and reached for the book. “I already memorized it. Thank you for your assistance. I would stay and exchange further social niceties, but I’d rather return to my studies.” He strode off, leaving Tony and Steve alone.
“I think so.” Nat shrugged her tiny shoulders. “Captain Handsome probably likes pizza too.”
More and more of his friends were pairing off as they got older. First Pepper, now possibly Rhodey…
He hadn’t realized how much he’d needed someone—anyone—to tell him that he wasn’t to blame.
“Darcy,” Tony said.
Tony winced. Okay, where the hell had that come from? It was like the words had been pulled from him. Like he could no longer keep them bottled in. “Wow, I, uh, really just said that out loud, huh? I’m not sure I meant to. I was thinking about how you asked me to talk about it earlier, and it just kinda slipped out…but maybe I should. Maybe I need to if I’m ever gonna put this shit behind me. Because I want to. I really, really do.”
Tony could never accept it.
He wanted to warn her not to feed that thing after midnight. He was afraid it would morph into its next evolutionary stage like a gremlin and wreak havoc everywhere.
The lifeguard in question was a young male of average size and build. He had a crazy mop of slightly curly brown hair and didn’t look a day over 17. He was wearing the same lifeguard uniform as Steve but it in no way had the same effect.
“Sorry, can’t do that. I leave and you’re going to keep drinking. Someone needs to cut you off.”
The teen was being militantly thorough about imprinting Tony with his scent. He was even nosing along Tony’s shoulders and collarbones.
me to get angry?”
“Any other requests?” the teen rumbled, looking down at him.
“Too late.” Snapping a photo, Darcy masked it under the guise of taking a selfie, her fingers tapping away. “Well, well, well…what do you know? His Facebook is one of the first results and—jackpot—his privacy settings are practically non-existent. We should warn him about that. Wouldn’t want any creepers using it to stalk him.”
Steve had offered—well, more like
Nothing had ever affected him like this. Nothing.
“Ah, geez, you kissed me, didn’t you?” he croaked out, batting Steve’s hand off his shoulder as he struggled to sit up. “That’s too bad. I usually like to be wined and dined before I let a guy perform a little CPR. I’m just not that kind of girl.”
“I’m not sneaking around like you’re some dirty little secret. Anyone has a problem with that, they can take it up with me.”
this wasn’t a social visit.”
“Do you want to come inside for a bit?”
And just like that, Tony’s entire brain crashed to a halt.
and Steve was his Jake Ryan. His stomach full of butterflies as he waited with what amounted to bated breath for more affection from the alpha.
Omegas couldn’t conceive outside of their monthly heat, which was why suppressants had been the best—and only—choice for him. He’d been able to avoid his heats while also eliminating all possibility of another pregnancy.
Tony cocked a brow. “What are you doing?”
For once, Tony was at a loss for words. Truthfully, he’d been slowly starting to forget why their age difference was a problem. A not-so-small part of him had stopped thinking of Steve as unsuitably young for him, and had started seeing the teenager as an equal. He knew it was wrong, but it was getting increasingly harder to care. “Got it,” he nodded with a gulp. “Not a kid.”
When she smiled, there was nothing
Tony scoffed, assuming that Darcy was just messing with him, until the alpha’s shadow inevitably fell over him. “Tony—hey,” Steve’s deep voice rolled through him.
“I really want to suck your dick.” Wetting his lips and looking up at the alpha, “Can I?”
“What does that have to do with anything?” Tony deflected, his stomach dipping in apprehension.
baby—and it hurt so much he forgot how to breathe.
And just like before, he knew with an icy cold certainty that no one was going to save him.
All of his energy was directed at one thing. He had to get away from Brock.
He sucked Steve off everywhere from the bedroom to the teen’s SUV.
“You’re taking a lot of liberties with these pet names, pal. It’s all ‘babe’ this, ‘baby’ that...you remember I’m older than you, right? If you insist on calling me baby, I’m going to think you want me to call you daddy.”
“Uckfay offway, Arcyday.”
“I never used to, before you.”
“She’s banned. It’s done.”
The sane, rational voice in his head was yelling at him not to wear it. Putting it on seemed counterproductive when the jersey was part of the reason he’d freaked out in the first place.
He’d phoned her as soon as he’d fled from the community center last night.
The effect he was having on the teenager was like nothing he’d ever seen before. Steve’s face was sharp with hunger, his eyes lust black. He was acting as if he needed this as much as Tony did. Maybe even more.
“Clearly.” Amara gave her another unimpressed once-over. “Well, I’ve got to run. I have more important things to do. Tell Thor I said hi!”
Responding to the command, Tony’s lids shot open, his gaze seeking the alpha.
The day he’d learned he’d been offered a scholarship to MIT had been one of them. Figuring out the correct programming on his first robot had been another. The early years of his childhood, back when his mother had tucked him in at night and read him to sleep—before she’d started treating him like he wasn’t good enough to be her son—held a few more. As did the weekends where he’d broken out of Omega Finishing School to sneak off and visit Rhodey.
, Tony thought.
“Your father needs your help.” Her voice grew in strength. “
“Uh,” Darcy’s nose scrunched up. “Why would I want to smell you?”
His mild irritation turned to panic when Darcy’s fingers began flying across the screen.
“Right. Yeah. Sure. I will absolutely not pass on that message,” Darcy said to the blonde’s already retreating back.
“She’s right,” Tony interjected awkwardly. “We say h-e-double hockey stick.”
“Not to me, you’re not.”
Yeah, the teen’s size meant that Tony had his work cut out for him.
“He beat the shit out of Brock?” she repeated, snickering. “Go, Steve. That’s so hot.”
Rhodey could’ve been less hostile towards Steve, true, but his friend’s concerns hadn’t come from nowhere. Alphas mistreated the omegas in their care more often than not.
“I don’t think there’s anything for us to talk about.”
But it wasn’t the turnoff Tony had hoped it’d be. Instead of reacting like any sane 18-year-old and running for the hills, Steve somehow looked even
The same way his happiness revolved around Tony's own.
Of course. Of
“Is that...is it bad?” Steve’s eyebrows were scrunched together as though he was in pain, voice underlaid with sudden vulnerability.
“Yeah?”
Steve was a powerhouse. He had big, solid, athlete hands. It wouldn’t have taken much for the alpha’s grip to turn painful—for him to sprain Tony’s wrist like Obie had so many times before. Yet for all his brutal strength, Steve’s touch was unerringly gentle, and Tony was surprised to find that it sent something that felt an awful lot like rightness skittering through him.
At least he could stop wondering what the alpha’s fascination with him was now.
“Take the money, Tony.” His jaw was set in resolve. “You did a job for me and you deserve to be compensated for your time.”
Bucky pouted until he noticed that his and Tony’s back and forth was making Nat giggle. At which point, his pout quickly melted away.
“What’s going on, pumpkin? Why are you crying?”
’—and brought his ringing phone to his ear. “Hello?”
Tony had to bite down on his lip almost to the point of bleeding to keep from saying it again.
The alpha looked like he was a little short on sleep, himself. His blue eyes appeared worn, dark circles shadowing them.
“I bet they’re only together because it’s some kind of prank.” One of the girls was speaking louder now, as if deliberately trying to be overheard.
A brilliant grin stretched over Steve’s face. It was so bright it almost hurt to look at it. He appeared younger in that moment—brimming with optimism and a willingness to seize life in the way only a teenager could. He was so gorgeous and unattainable it made Tony’s stomach hurt.
“Then you know they’re only temporary. You’ve survived them before. I know they’re scary, but I’m gonna help talk you through it. I used to get nasty asthma attacks when I was younger, and breathing exercises really helped me cope. I’d like you to breathe for me, okay? Take a deep breath and try to hold it for three seconds. When you exhale, let it out slowly for another three seconds, and then repeat those steps.”
Nat turned to her friend apologetically. “I’m sorry, Bucky, but I can’t say no ta sprinkles.”
“Sure, pumpkin.”
Computer viruses made up over half of his clientele. The jobs were no-brainers and incredibly repetitive, but he needed the money, especially if he wanted to start paying Steve back for his hospital bills.
“120. Oh, and Rhodes, my boss—the one I just mentioned and who the company is named after—also gave you a multilayer firewall to prevent anything like this from ever happening again.” The guy really didn’t need more security than the supercomputers over at NASA, but Tony may have gotten a little carried away… Sue him, he’d been bored.
“Yes.”
Except, he couldn’t really wait until he was ready, could he? Because ready might never come.
His flaws were on full display for Steve to see.
Was the kiss not affecting him the same way? Had he found Tony lacking?
“For me?” he repeated, frowning. Why would it be for
“You’re not? I could’ve sworn...Shoot, I’m usually so good at reading people.” The woman couldn’t seem to fathom that she’d been mistaken. It was as if Tony had told her that her favorite celebrity couple had never really been an item. Her frown lifted when she added, “Well, hun, perhaps you and he are, and you just don’t know it yet.”
He was so high off of endorphins—off Steve—that his mind was a confusing mess.
“Besides,” the alpha said pointedly, the corners of his mouth hiking up. “I’m interested in someone else. Someone a little older.” And then the handsome jerk walked off, leaving like he hadn’t just dropped a bomb in Tony’s lap.
“Nothing,” said Tony resolutely.
your mate.”
“I don’t know how those images got there,” an anxious beta male denied in what was clearly the most obvious lie since “I did not have sexual relations with that woman”.
Steve leaned back, his fingers going to Tony’s hair. “That’s it,” he urged, as Tony coughed and coughed, retching on chlorine and stomach acid until his airway was finally clear and he could greedily suck a breath into his lungs. “That’s it. Get it all out. You’re okay, baby. You’re okay.”
The alpha tilted his head in something that looked suspiciously like a leer, his blue eyes sparkling mischievously. “You trying to tell me that you want me to teach you that, too?”
Rhodey had tried to tell him the same, back when it had all gone down, but Tony had been so raw then, he hadn’t been willing to hear it. Burying it had been his only choice for survival.
A wave of awareness washed over him and he knew, even without looking, that the blond alpha was nearby. Craning his neck, Tony’s eyes went straight to the alpha, as if drawn there by some kind of magnetic pull.
. At least none of it had hit him in the face. He didn’t fancy cleaning PB and J out of his hair.
“No, no, it’s fine. Just not what I expected, considering whenever you picked me up for swimming lessons you always waited in the SUV. Though, in hindsight, I really should’ve seen this coming, because you’re a class act, and a gentleman and all that, and of course you’d pick me up at my door...and, uh, I’m babbling already, aren’t I? Please stop me.”
“Oh. That,” Tony laughed nervously. “Yeah, that was nothing but a little robotics, sensory feedback, and information processing. Simple, really. Anyone could have done it.”
If Steve had knotted him, the alpha wouldn’t have been able to leave him. They’d be tied together, their bodies interlocked for far longer than this.
“I canceled ‘em.”
“Nanny Tony,” Natasha tugged on his hand eagerly, pulling him onto the pool deck. “Will you swim with me?”
What if he’d been born without the piece of his heart that allowed him to reach out and connect to other people?
“I wished for it before it happened. What kind of heartless monster
Alright, had his chest really just soared like a giddy school girl’s from a damn
He’d known the teen would be on the larger side, but, good god. That wasn’t a penis. That was a weapon of mass destruction.
is Steve?” Jane exclaimed, as if his name held significant meaning even though Tony had never mentioned it to her before. “Wow. You weren’t kidding, Darce, he
“Do what?”
He had a sneaking suspicion that Steve Rogers was going to prove to be a very big problem for him in the future.
“You dare speak to me with such disrespect, omega—” the woman started sputtering, but Tony cut her off.
“Always.”
Dragging in a ragged breath, Tony forced himself to count to three. “I-I’m breathing,” he answered shakily.
Darcy threw down the remote, clearly giving up on finding anything decent to watch. “Who are you texting?” she asked from her mountain of pillows.
“His name was Dum-E, and, yep. He was a prize-winning robot, actually. Won me my scholarship to MIT.”
, he realized.
He was talking nonsense. Had no idea what he was saying. Thoughts were escaping his head without his permission.
The prospect of another lonely, sleepless night spent jerking off hardly appealed to him. Depriving his instincts of what they really craved was taking the worst toll on his sanity.
“Maybe I’ll take
“Baby, I don’t want anyone else,” Steve rumbled.
The next thing Tony knew, he was staring at a stack of 20-dollar bills. His eyes widened as he counted what must’ve been at least 200 dollars.
“A date?” Tony repeated incredulously, smothering a laugh. “With Rhodey? No. God, no. He’d never be interested in me that way. We’re practically brothers. I’ve known him since kindergarten. We used to make macaroni art together and scratch each other’s chickenpox—true story.”
He rubbed his temple. “I'm gonna need another drink if you keep talking. ’m too sober for this.”
She’d lost more and more of her soul the longer she’d stayed with Howard, until she’d molded herself into the perfect, high society Stepford wife.
Being that Tony had left the door wide open, he’d accidentally given the alpha a clear view into his tiny apartment. From Steve’s vantage point, he could see Tony’s small kitchen and his half-living room/half-workshop setup.
A muscle ticced in Steve’s jaw, eyes darkening further. His alpha instincts wouldn’t have liked Tony’s dismissal. Not at all. “You kissed me back. I know you did. But I fucked it up somehow. Tell me what happened.”
Ugh, of course he did. The polite, charming asshole.
“For a lot of things. For all of this. For being so patient with me.” Steve’s treatment of him had been above and beyond anything he’d thought possible. It was immeasurably important to Tony for the teen to know that it wasn’t unappreciated. “...For not taking advantage any of the times you could have. For stopping when I ask you to stop.”
“What’s your name?” Tony heard Natasha ask a young boy as she waded through the water.
“The shallow end hasn’t been working out so well, either. Are you sure you don’t want to try going to another pool?”
“Popcorn?” Tony offered when Steve caught him staring.
“Nothing wrong with decaf once in a while.”
Easing his way down the white pool steps that led into the shallow end, he slowly waded into the water. His hold on Steve’s wrist tightened reflexively, but Steve was right there with him. Only a few inches away.
Talk to him later? Tony wished he wouldn’t.
“Am I…you know…giving off any kind of pheromones?”
Tony gaped, feeling like he was staring into the sun. Though that may have been because it was also shining directly into his eyes.
The darkness beckoned, threatening to pull him into an exhausted, dreamless sleep.
“Nanny Tony!” He heard the pitter-patter of little feet racing towards him and then the redhead was standing in front of him, brandishing her arm at him and hiccupping through her tears. “Nanny Tony, I’m bleedin’!” The girl was normally a tough cookie but she really didn’t like the sight of blood.
Tony hated when people made snap judgements about him based on his omega status, but here he was doing the same thing to Steve. He was a giant hypocrite. He’d written the teenager off from the moment they’d met; had labeled him as an alpha jock and had assumed the worst. He hadn’t even been willing to give Steve a chance…
He knew that the Instinctive Drowning Response stopped people from voluntarily controlling their arm movements or for calling for help. That their heads were almost never above the water long enough to exhale, inhale, and still have time to call out.
Obie had got off on taking advantage of it. He had liked to wait until Tony was a sobbing, mindless mess before giving him even an ounce of relief. Until Tony had learned exactly how weak he was.
“Take the compliment, Tony.”
She had glossy, shoulder length brown hair and the kind of cheekbones that graced the pages of magazines. Her lips were painted a strawberry red, and her vintage T was tucked fashionably into her high waisted jean shorts.
be doing that. “Didn’t you get enough of sharing our man pain at the hospital?” he complained.
Gulping in a big breath of air, Natasha dunked herself under the water.
As ready as he was ever going to be. Meaning, not very. But if there was anyone worth putting himself out there for, it was Steve.
Darcy rummaged through their supply bag. “Er, sorry,” she winced apologetically. “I must have forgot to pack them. You’ll have to ask the lifeguard.”
Stephen Strange. Tony had met the surgeon years later. The doctor had attended a handful of his parents’ swanky parties throughout his childhood.
Tony had to restrain himself from leaning into the caress like a sleepy, overeager house cat.
Tony scowled. “I’m fine,” he protested. The last thing he needed was to be fussed over and coddled. He felt humiliated enough as it was.
Steve’s brow lowered, confused. “Then what’s the problem?”
Night had fallen and the events of the day were fast catching up to him. Fatigue had taken over and his body was starting to crash hard. He usually had trouble sleeping but tonight he’d be lucky if he made it to his mattress before collapsing. As it was, he was dangerously close to falling asleep in Steve’s car.
“Kissing me.”
Being a nanny was one thing, but he had no business inflicting his issues on a kid of his own.
Steve had flipped one of the patio chairs around. He was straddling it while leaning pensively over a sketch pad that he had propped up against the back of the chair. The pencil in his hand was scratching against the page but Tony couldn’t see what he was drawing. The sun was glinting off his blond hair, making it appear streaked with gold, and highlighting the stark hollows of his too attractive face. His lowered lashes were long and full, his nose straight and commanding, and his lips were pink and perfectly plush. He was as stunningly handsome as he was rugged. Despite the teen’s musculature, size, and overall mature appearance, his true age was more apparent upon closer inspection. His tanned skin was too smooth and unlined to put him anywhere over 21.
“Apologize to this woman’s daughter,” he told Nat curtly. “We don’t use violence to solve our problems. Even against bullies who have picked up an unfortunate set of traits from their parents.”
The second half of that justification was a lot more flattering than the first.
She was playfully pushing Bucky towards the kitchen sink. “You need to wash up. You gots sauce on your face.” She shook her head and looked at Tony like she was imparting him with a timeless piece of wisdom, “Boys are so messy.”
That life was lost to him. The baby was gone.
Christ. Tony could practically feel the hardened shell around his heart cracking. “Right. Sure. That’s nice of you to say and all, but it doesn’t really do me any good.” He squeezed his eyes shut, unsure what possessed him to say what he said next. “
Tony pulled his mouth off with a wet pop. “Don’t touch me. If you touch me, I’ll stop.”
Culinary classes had been mandatory in omega boarding school. He hadn’t exactly received top marks—and he’d never be mistaken for a Michelin Star chef—but he usually handled mac and cheese much better than this.
Well, fuck. If Tony’d had any doubt that ‘someone a little older’ had meant him, it had just been obliterated. Apparently, Steve wasn’t even attempting to be subtle anymore.
“Uh…Steve’s a teenager too,” Tony pointed out.
And Tony...well, Tony had been down that road before.
existed.
bony. Steve had no complaints.
Bucky didn’t seem to share her enthusiasm for cleanliness. “I wanna play video games,” he protested.
“We really need to find you a happier, less morbid rhyme,” he called after her. That girl was well on her way to becoming a modern-day Wednesday Adams.
Steve growled and pushed past Tony’s rim.
Tony felt himself thawing towards him. His fingers released the door handle.
A vision of a blond-haired baby with Steve’s blue eyes materialized in Tony’s mind.
He leaned in for a second kiss. Then a third.
good—alphas out there…and he actually wanted Tony for some crazy reason. How was Tony supposed to keep staying away?
Tony refused to do any kind of self-reflecting on why he was so deeply pleased by that fact.
“You don’t have to worry about Peggy.” Steve assured him, full of quiet conviction. “We tried dating and it wasn’t for us. And I never…” The teen’s voice was so heavy with emotion it cracked a bit. “I never felt this way with her.”
Was Steve asking him out on a date?
“Yes, you may. Just wash your hands, and, uh, your face first.”
Obie had loved forcing Tony to kneel for him.
He’d made Tony beg for things that should have made him sick. He’d played on Tony’s weaknesses as an omega. Had deprived and tormented Tony until he’d been delirious enough to do anything to make it stop, even selling his soul for the feeling of Obie’s disgusting knot inside him.
Tony didn’t like how the usually confident alpha sounded so insecure. It made something fierce and protective clamor awake inside him. Which was weird as hell, because he’d never felt the need to
“It’s my turn to get to touch,” Steve rumbled.
He banished all thoughts of Steve looking devastatingly handsome in a tux before his imagination could make a liar out of him.
The ultrasound photo had been sitting on his nightstand beside his bed.
Tony struggled to balance his extra-large bucket of popcorn and root beer Big Gulp as he watched Rhodey take a phone call.
His eyes fluttered closed when their lips met, Steve’s mouth a soft, gentle brush against his.
Steve routinely quelled anyone who looked like they might have something to say with scary ‘try me’ alpha glares. To date, they had not, in fact, tried him.
“No.” Tony slid her his ID card. “I feel fine.”
“Really really
that was her answer.
“Came to my—? Wow. Et tu, Brute?” Tony pretended to be insulted. “I take it back. You’re not a positive influence. You’re terrible—terrible for my ego.”
It wouldn’t surprise him if Steve Rogers was out of his league in every universe.
A whirlwind of recent events surfaced in Tony’s memory, bombarding his senses. He saw Steve assisting him through his panic attacks. Supporting him as he learned to overcome his fear of the water. Defending him in front of Killian. Telling Tony “
“I mean it.”
“You programmed my robot to dance ‘the robot’?” Steve’s brows lifted in dry amusement.
The guard flinched, seeming to shrink in on himself.
. If today was intended to be a demonstration that we can mix and mingle with each other’s friends, the experiment was a colossal failure. Attempting to fight my best friend isn’t going to win you any points with me. If you want to keep seeing me, you’re going to have to get over your problem with Rhodey. His place in my life is non-negotiable.”
“You. You’re so…” A wicked grin stretched across Steve’s handsome face. “That was really hot.”
“Steve,” he moaned, too turned on now to care that he was begging. “Alpha.”
. “We were talking about someone else,” he said quickly, darting his eyes to Steve. “Not that you aren’t a perfectly nice, handsome young gentleman—emphasis on young—but I don’t personally…uh…” trailing off, he realized he was only digging himself deeper. “Well, what I mean to say is,” he gave a strained smile and glanced around. “You have a lovely home?”
The wave crashed through him, shattering him.
“I’m working full time for the summer and I’ve got a football scholarship to Empire State lined up for September.”
Tony blinked up at the ceiling, catching his breath.
“His face looks like a punching bag! I’m pretty sure you scared years off his life!”
“The other parents tried to accuse him of cheating.” Darcy angrily popped a fry into her mouth. “Can you believe that? They claimed no 10-year-old could pull off his project without help. Like, I’m sorry little Timmy and the rest of your children are so basic that you can’t understand greatness when you see it. But how is that Bruce’s fault?”
, his inner omega declared.
Alphas didn’t scar. There wasn’t much they couldn’t heal from.
Rhodey and Darcy had snagged the best spot in the yard. They were reclining on chaise lounges, protected from the sun by large trees and a swanky umbrella.
Bad things happened when Natasha didn’t get her way. Scary things. Damien-from-The-Omen type things. The last time Tony had gotten on her bad side, she’d cut off all the heads of her teddy bears and had lit her barbies on fire.
“Seriously. Knock it off. Or we’re going to take you out for salads instead of ice cream,” Tony warned them.
. “Now you’re really pissing me off. Stop cockblocking my booze. S’mine. I paid for it. Hand it over.”
Were he and Steve really believable as parents?
Nevertheless, as odd as their friendship was, it seemed to work.
“Give those back to him,” Tony repeated.
The compliments did the trick. The insecurity in Steve’s face was replaced by a bright, adorable blush.
“Alright. I won’t push you. But let me know if you change your mind. The offer’s still on the table.”
It all made sense now. How Steve sometimes seemed so much older than his 18 years. Why he was unflinchingly patient for an alpha. How he was so sympathetic and supportive of omegas. Suffering did that to kids. It made them grow up way too fast; opened their eyes to the things most people never had to think about.
“I know you’re not a schoolmarm. You’re…” Steve stared at Tony, his gaze seeming to go unfocused for a second. “So, how long have you been a nanny?”
After meeting the alpha at the pool, his body had suddenly come alive again. Now here he was, antsy and keyed up. Desperate for some kind of relief and equally as determined to ignore it.
“Dammit, Steve! You can’t jus’ barge in here like—like the alpha fun police and take over! If I want a goddamn drink, I can have a goddamn drink!”
“Okay. I’ve got this,” he psyched himself up, even as part of him felt silly for needing so much reassurance for what should’ve been a simple act. “We’re going for a light, late afternoon dip. It’ll be great.”
“It’ll help raise your comfort level. That way, whether you’re in the water or not, you’ll know you’re safe.”
Steve’s gaze was devouring Tony as if he thought blinking might cause Tony to disappear. His hand slid into Tony’s hair with almost reverence, grip careful.
Memories descending on him like a car crash, Tony froze.
Tony knew all too well what he was still at risk for. Hypoxemia (low levels of oxygen in his blood), pneumonia, or a buildup of fluid in his lungs. The last one was particularly ghastly, as it could cause him to still drown even hours after he’d been pulled from the water.
“I may or may not have set up a small business under your name so that I could make a little money on the side.”
It would be counterproductive to keep discounting the way that taking Steve’s hand had stopped his panic attack in its tracks. For whatever reason, his omega instincts were latching onto the alpha. Maybe, in this case, he could use that messed up dynamic to his advantage.
Feeling silly for his freak-out, he watched in muted surprise as the alpha began to tend to him, cleaning him of the slick, sticky fluids marking his chest and thighs. The gentleness and care of the teen’s ministrations did awful and terrible things to his still unguarded heart. Mostly because they weren’t terrible and awful at all.
What kind of alpha was willing to turn down the chance to spend a heat with an omega they so clearly wanted, all because they only had the aforementioned omega’s best interests in mind?
He wanted to devastate Steve. For the alpha to remember this as long as he lived. For all his future hookups to pale in comparison.
“Amara too. It drives me up the wall the way she keeps throwing herself at you.”
“I’m getting five scoops!” Natasha eyeballed the rows of ice cream excitedly.
I can’t believe I’m finally at this point in the story.
Purring—along with growling—was an ability exclusive to high-level alphas. It wasn’t commonly seen behavior and was usually linked to instincts brought out by mates.
“He’s eighteen.”
“Yes.”
The teen’s gaze flickered to Rhodey, and for the briefest of moments, Tony could’ve sworn an almost imperceptible chill had moved through the air. “What movie are you seeing?”
Except, he didn’t run this time. He stayed rooted to the spot.
The teen was genuinely being eaten up with worry over him.
“I want to feel closer to you. I want you to touch me.”
“No can do, Stank. God knows somebody’s gotta do it. You’re constitutionally incapable of being responsible. The earth would stop rotating on its axis in cosmic shock if you remembered to take proper care of yourself for a whole 24 hours. If I know you, you haven’t even eaten anything today.”
He’d never allow himself to be claimed by an alpha. Not ever again.
While initially stumbling with the unforgiving pace of Nat’s choreography, Steve had gotten the hang of it in little time. Before they’d left, he’d been spinning around the pool like an acrobat from Cirque du Soleil.
“No. I live here now,” Natasha stubbornly informed him.
, as in plural?
It gave Tony a warm flutter in his belly that the teen minded his manners less and wasn’t as reserved around him anymore.
“Should be.” As if Tony couldn’t manage something as easy as file recovery. Please. It was child’s play. “Give it a look; see for yourself. I’ll wait.”
As if there were any point in asking.
Tony’s head shot up. His ‘my-alpha-is-nearby’ senses were going berserk.
, “is one of the instructors.”
“Yes.
“Ugh,” Darcy’s face scrunched in distaste. “It looks like she’s found her newest target. Poor Steve.”
Ah, I hope this chapter wasn't a let down. I think some of you guys were expecting some action to happen but I want this story to be a slow burn.
And when the memories flooded him—barreling down on him with enough force to almost send him crashing to his knees—there was no stopping them.
He hoped he was giving Steve half as much.
He tasted curiously good. Not too salty or bitter. The flavor of pure, intoxicating male. Tony found himself swirling his tongue and taking the alpha into his mouth. Eager for more.
Tony wondered if that was ‘Peggy.’ He was surprised to note that she was also an alpha.
Tony thought that was a load of bullshit.
“Okay,” the boy agreed. And then he promptly threw Bruce’s belongings into the pool and raced off, cackling.
“Why,” Rhodey demanded, as he slid his phone back into his pocket and walked over to Tony, “does my mother’s neighbor think I work at something called ‘Rhodey’s Repair Shop’ and why does she want to hire me to fix her toaster?”
“Yeah.”
It was about Nat making friends.
Thick, pearly white cum splattered Tony’s stomach, his back arching from the force of his orgasm.
“Are the burgers ready yet?” He cast a longing glance at where Thor was manning the grill.
So, he stayed in bed beside the colossally pissed off alpha, and waited it out.
She’d been thriving. Her heartbeat had been a strong, solid thumping the day of the ultrasound.
The question made his heart feel heavy. How did he answer that? He hated that she was getting caught in the crossfire of other people’s cruelty simply because he was her babysitter. “Maybe. Not everyone is as accepting of omegas as your mom and dad. But some folks are also just bullies who’ll find any reason they can to pick on somebody else.”
He wasn’t in much of a mood to socialize, but it was better than being left to his own devices. Otherwise, he would’ve closed himself in his workshop and quickly driven himself crazy overalyzing and dwelling on his strained evening with Steve.
He shouldn’t have given Steve Obie’s name. He tried to hide his flinch, but his reaction gave him away.
Their hands locked and Steve pulled Tony bodily from the water, lifting him like he weighed nothing. Which, as far as Steve’s unfairly superior muscles were concerned, was probably true, considering Steve had just borne the entirety of Tony’s weight with one arm and no sign of effort.
“What?”
His shoulders hunched inwards as he braced himself for a nasty comment.
Tony forced himself to ignore the messages, but he couldn’t help but feel oddly affected by them. They niggled at something in his chest, filling him with longing. It was both nice and unusual for someone to take such an interest in him. To wish him good morning and goodnight, and to care about his day.
“Are you breathing?” Steve commanded. “I don’t hear you breathing.”
time he gave his mother the benefit of the doubt, he ended up regretting it.
“Yeah, right…” Tony scoffed. “You got beat up?
“It’s getting late. I should be getting back,” he said, instead.
He’d miscalculated. He’d sorely underestimated Steve’s reaction. ‘Knowing’ was still different than hearing it. Than having Tony confirm it in no uncertain terms.
“Just one.”
He couldn’t decide if that was brave or stupid. Maybe both.
But Steve had changed all that.
Tony stepped out from behind Steve. “That ‘thing’ is a mermaid crown and he can wear as many as he wants to, lady. And there’s nothing wrong with his hair, either. Men have had long hair since the dawn of time. The Ancient Egyptians had it. The aristocrats in Europe had it. The Vikings had it.” His eyes flew to the wooden cross the woman was wearing around her neck. “And you know who else had it? Jesus. Jesus is always depicted as having long hair.”
Steve had kept his hands in safe, neck-free zones, after that.
road led.
He felt the teenager’s body heat surrounding him as Steve leaned down close, his mouth right by Tony’s ear. Voice low and velvet smooth, he whispered, “Am I old enough for you to call daddy yet?”
Rhodey stood from the table, pulling his car keys from his pocket. “Steve can head out alone. I’ll drive you.”
Perhaps the request was perfectly innocent. Maybe Steve really did just want him to fix his little brother’s tablet. Afterall, the teen had countless women (and most likely just as many men) throwing themselves at him every day. What could he possibly see in Tony?
Steve’s brow knit. “Should I not have?”
“You weren’t a dickhead.” Seeing Tony’s disbelieving face, he amended, “Alright, maybe a little. Nothing I couldn’t handle.”
“Whaaaat?” Tony spluttered, doing a poor job of masking his surprise. He overshot trying to respond casually and landed somewhere near incredibly conspicuous instead. “What makes you think I want to marry S—uh, Bucky’s brother?”
And didn’t that just make Tony feel like five different types of shit.
“Like I said, I’m fine. Perfectly A-Okay. So quit wasting your time out here with me. We’ll hang out later.” He raised an arm in parting and began making the long trek back to the bus stop.
It was ironic, but for the first time, getting
than zero progress. He was a damn negative integer.
He glanced down at where his fingers were latched onto Steve’s wrist. It didn’t take a super genius to figure out what the key to the solution was here.
Steve was constantly putting Tony first. He steadfastly catered to Tony’s wants and needs ahead of his own.
He and Steve had been spending so much time alone together it was like they’d effectively shut out the rest of the world. They’d been living in their own small bubble where the obstacles between them had no longer mattered.
Admittedly, his plan to never return had hit a couple of snags. While building Nat an aboveground, luxury pool had sounded good in theory, he didn’t exactly have the money required to make it happen. Needless to say, Natasha had been less than impressed with the round, plastic, two-foot deep monstrosity he’d ended up with. “This is for babies,” she’d told him. (Which, fair enough. He’d hardly call it his best work.)
“I appreciate the sentiment, tough guy, but you can’t make a promise like that.”
Her disappointed gaze weighed on him as heavily a physical burden. His failure to live up to her expectations ate away at him.
“Anytime,” Steve said easily.
It should’ve been a pleasant way to start the day, but Tony’s mood wasn’t letting him enjoy it.
Tony’s life.
The only thing he wanted was to lock himself inside his incredibly small lab in his even shittier apartment and forget this day ever happened.
Her manners had come a long way from when Tony had first taken the job as her sitter. He was proud of the kid.
“Carrying you to the bedroom.”
A bolt of horror ripped through Tony.
“Apologize.” Steve stepped protectively in front of Tony, Natasha, and Bucky. “Now.”
the pool—that he almost bumped straight into a man coming out of a nearby convenience store.
to take care of him; he
“But isn’t Barbie already married to Mr. Potato Head? That’s bigamy. You know what isn’t bigamy? Going to the pool.”
Steve’s head snapped up. “I don’t care what anybody else thinks,” he shot back, like he’d tell the whole world to fuck off if he had to. “I like hanging out with you. I don’t want to stop.”
All the air left the room. Tony couldn't draw in a full breath.
What he couldn’t understand was why.
Picturing Steve slaking his needs with someone else filled Tony with a stinging impulse to grab his blowtorch and set something on fire.
Before long, he found himself in Steve’s lap, panting into his mouth and unbearably turned on. His nipples had hardened into sensitive peaks and he was soaked in slick. The alpha had the back of Tony’s shirt fisted into one large hand, his lips devouring Tony’s like he needed Tony instead of oxygen to live.
“Freezing.”
off his head. It’s like you want to raise him soft. But then, I wouldn’t expect a disgraced omega to know how to properly raise a child. You have too many rights as it is.”
But Steve didn’t stop being bossy.
“You gonna keep me here against my will, is that it? Are you that kind of alpha now?”
“Okay, but how does that work? Doesn’t that sort of defeat the purpose of teaching me how to swim?”
“Steve.” He looked insistently in the alpha’s eyes.
At this point, Tony knew he was playing Russian roulette with his suppressants.
Steve’s consoling hold on him never wavered. He pressed Tony into his chest. Let Tony burrow his face into the crook of his shoulder. He didn’t care when Tony made a drenched, snotty mess of his shirt. Didn't become impatient because Tony couldn’t stop crying.
old.”
Because now he couldn’t go back. Now he’d forever know exactly what he’d been missing. That
“Aww,” Tony batted his eyes, laying it on thick, “did you just threaten my old man?”
Glancing down at the slice of peanut butter bread that was now sticking to his shirt, Tony peeled it off and dropped it into the waste bin.
“Any possibility you damaged the suppressants by storing them at an incompatible temperature?”
Christ, trust Steve to defend him even against himself.
Steve’s body shot tight with anger. “Who, Tony? Who blames you?”
Renewed need burned Tony’s belly.
“Tasha!” Bucky cried back. They were clutching each other like a pair of Siamese twins who couldn’t bear to be separated.
What he’d do when that happened was anybody’s guess. Make a fool of himself, most likely. He doubted he’d handle it well.
He was merely surviving. Living—
Steve, conversely, never withheld affection. If anything, the teenager went out of his way to dote on him.
He was terrified his freedom wouldn’t last.
Tony didn’t know how long he lay like that, the pool deck damp and cold against his back, as he accepted the alpha’s comfort, relishing in the simple miracle of being able to
Tony drew in a shaky inhale.
Steve finished paying and turned to Tony with an arm full of Tony’s snacks. He took one look at Tony and his eyes narrowed. “What’s wrong?”
Bucky nodded, visibly upset.
“I know. What can I say, I’m delirious with hunger and wishful thinking. And possibly sunstroke.”
Setting his phone down, Tony tried to stop his knee from bouncing restlessly. The awkward, monotonous silence between him and Steve was starting to get to him. The birds tweeting in the distance might as well have been crickets. He never had been good at keeping his mouth shut. He would have died in A Quiet Place within the first five minutes. “Soooo,” he grasped for something to say, wanting to kick himself for his own lameness. “Beautiful weather we’re having, isn’t it?”
An awful, guttural sound filled the room.
“What was that for?” Steve asked when Tony pulled away, purrs vibrating from him even stronger.
Rhodey didn’t take the bait. He’d gone into full-scale protective best friend mode. “Does this have something to do with that younger alpha? Has he been...is he bothering you?”
“Stacy from school is misinformed. Someone should talk to her about speaking in absolutes. She’ll get in trouble for that later on if she decides to pursue a career in academia,” Tony rambled to buy himself time while he decided how best to answer. “Omegas don’t
“Yes. You’re 100% that type.”
He was tired of being broken. Of desiring someone so much and being too fucked up to act on it.
He didn’t want to look at himself.
“How is it midnight already?” Tony remarked in astonishment after being forced to come up for air.
Darkened, conflicted blue eyes roamed Tony’s face. Tony could see the teen visibly grappling with his more violent alpha instincts, struggling internally to wrestle them back.
Well, she was certainly direct. “Hey, I object to that implication. I’m nobody’s omega.”
An awkward silence passed before Steve asked, “Did you just say ‘fudging’?”
He held his breath, unable to trust that he was out of the woods just yet. Expecting another panic attack to sweep him away like a hurricane at any moment.
“Do you want me to hold you?” Steve offered, almost shyly. “I can carry you into the water.”
And though it took Steve a while, the teen eventually got his growling back under control.
—put Tony out of his misery.
He enjoyed a split second of adrenaline, of the rush that came with getting something off his chest, before panic swiftly took hold of him.
He decided on an excursion to the beach. Mindful of Steve’s preference for healthy eating, Tony cut up some fresh fruit and vegetables. Then he packed them, along with some ice water and a red checkered picnic blanket he owned solely as a by-product of being a nanny, in a small basket.
Fucking hell.
The lecture was, admittedly, more for himself than Steve.
Steve inhaled sharply. “You
“Did you…” Tony swiped the back of his hand over his red, debauched mouth. “Did you just break my bed?”
when he’d sworn to fight for Tony; when he’d promised that his interest in Tony was more than just some game.
Tony’s mind raced.
“Uninvited by
“Yes,” Steve answered without hesitation. “Okay. To all of it. I can handle it.”
Which, in all likelihood, contributed to the massive hickey he found under his ear the next morning.
“Nanny Tony!” Natasha waved at him from the pool. “I can hold my breath to 100. Wanna see?”
. “You and your abs of steel and ridiculous blue eyes better start staying at least six feet away from me at all times. We’re done here. Get out of my way.”
Tony was so caught up in his mental freak out that he hadn’t even realized he’d followed Steve up a flight of stairs and into his bedroom until it was already too late. Some distant part of his brain took note of a navy-blue bedspread, the multiple sports posters adorning the walls, and how well-organized the room was, but the rest of him was focused on one thing: the room smelled incredible. Steve’s scent was more concentrated here and Tony was immediately assailed with the strong, potent scent of alpha male.
“Uh huh,” Tony mumbled. Like that would be happening. Not until hell froze over and an omega was elected president.
“Forget football. I think you missed your calling as a ballerina,” Tony needled Steve.
A chill climbed up his spine. He rubbed his hands up and down his arms, trying to stave off his goosebumps. His shirt was still wet and clinging to him and he was suddenly incredibly cold.
“That woman is banana balls. She went all Swimfan on my sister’s boyfriend a few years ago and almost broke them up. I thought Thor was going to have to get a restraining order.”
“It’s okay. I’ll find someone to get them for you.” He lifted his head to look for assistance and nearly froze when he saw Steve-The-Lifeguard doing an Olympic level dive into the pool.
“Oh, real nice!” Tony shouted ineffectually after him. “Where are your parents? I’m going to have a talk with them!” Though he doubted the brat’s parents would actually care.
side!”
Tony’s incredibly vanilla kink was striking again. Nothing got him hotter than who Steve was—how much of a good person he was. How safe and cherished the alpha made him feel.
Tony couldn’t compute anyone having that depth of emotion for him. It didn’t make sense. Didn’t align with the way the rest of the world treated him.
Darcy shook her head. “I live in a constant state of horror over what passes for you as nutrition. You know that, right?”
family.
want to hurt this piece of shit. Please tell me I can hurt him. Christ, I could fucking kill him. He needs to pay for what he did to you.”
“I hope not,” Tony chuckled. “That’s why your mom makes you brush twice a day.”
“You aren’t hungry?” The teenager frowned, watching as Tony closed the lid of the pizza box without taking any.
Tony huffed. “Fine.” He gave in and stuffed the money into his pocket, ignoring the urge to knock Steve’s triumphant grin off his perfect face.
Warmth swarmed Tony’s belly. Was that true? Was he the first person Steve had ever purred for?
“What if I could’ve stopped it?” he whispered numbly. “They’re right to blame me.”
“Reminds me of someone.” Rhodey looked meaningfully over at Tony. “You used to embarrass the rest of us at the school science fair. It was never a competition; it was a slaughter. We’d be there with our potato radios and paper-mache volcanoes, and you’d show up with some kind of anti-gravity device or miniaturized remote controlled hover car.”
Been a long time since I updated…I was considering leaving the story as a WIP because so much time has gone by, but it’s been bothering me to leave it unfinished. Plus, I would’ve hated to leave anyone who was reading it with the last chapter’s cliffhanger forever. I’ve also been missing writing/these characters A LOT.
Penetration came with a price. Obie hadn’t cared how much it’d hurt when he’d invaded Tony’s body. And it had hurt a lot.
And for a small moment, all was right with the world.
“I’m sorry to call so late but Natasha has been worried sick. She’s been refusing to go to sleep and keeps asking about you. If I pass the phone to her, will you speak to her and let her know you’re alright?”
The two of them had been spending an increasing amount of time together ever since the day Steve had saved his life, and their conversations had started veering perilously close into flirtation territory. But that was harmless, right? They just…they bantered. They enjoyed bantering. They weren’t doing anything wrong.
the pool might’ve been within his best interest. At least he’d be able to cool off. His aquaphobia would banish the worst of his lusty thoughts.
But when he tried to pull away from Steve’s hold, Steve only held on tighter.
Brock’s face darkened. “I’m not asking you to join me ‘another time.’ I’m asking you to join me
“I know, but it’s distracting you, right?”
Tony’s instincts were being their usual traitorous selves. They were too busy eating up the attention Steve was giving him to notice the underpinnings of ownership in his behavior.
“You’re wrong,” the alpha stated, voice low and utterly uncompromising.
“…I promise,” Tony reluctantly replied.
Oh, he could tell Steve
—but he quickly shoved the feeling down deep.
As if on cue, the doorbell rang.
Steve’s eyes widened. “Tony,” his name was a rough, half-choked exhale.
“Are you sure?”
“Do you work full time or are you still in school?” Rhodey grilled the teen. “You got a plan in place for your future?”
“Where’d you go?” Steve’s eyes were close to black with need. “You left me for a second.”
To make matters even more embarrassing, she’d also added at least 10 heart and blushing emojis.
A line appeared between Steve’s brows. “…But you’re at the pool all the time.”
It was scaring him, how close it was to getting out.
“Fuck, look at you,” Steve rasped, so guttural it almost didn’t sound human. “So wet and perfect for me.”
The last thing he’d ever do was saddle Steve with a defective omega for a mate.
The kiss was every bit as devastating as Tony had worried it’d be.
And, suddenly, Tony could no longer tell the past apart from the present.
The words trailed off as Tony’s brain whited out in terror. Up until that point, he hadn’t been truly afraid of Brock. Frankly, after the likes of Howard and Obie, it took a lot to shake him, and this beta was Little League…but that was before Brock had threatened him with one of his biggest fears. Now, flight or fight had kicked in. Tony was on autopilot. He couldn’t hear what Brock was saying. He couldn’t even see Darcy lunging for him, trying to help, before she was swiftly grabbed by Brock’s friend.
Of course, the wince didn’t go unnoticed by the alpha. “How are you feeling?” Steve demanded, looking like he was a hair-trigger away from snatching Tony up and inspecting him for any sign of injury like the world’s most overprotective parent. “Are you dizzy at all?  Nauseous? Is your head hurting you? You inhaled a lot of water…”
But Tony wasn’t about to believe that Howard hadn’t been back to Italy out of any real, sentimental loyalty towards him.
much.
“You like that?” The teen added another finger, breath hitching. “You want me to keep going?”
Tony hated how weak the words made him. How his instincts railed at him, demanding their agreement.
“Has anyone ever told you that you’re irritatingly stubborn?”
He found her sitting at the bottom of the living room stairwell, sniffling and hugging her creepy doll.
But there was a sense of power in this, too, he realized.
He lost control of the conversation after that. By the time he finally hung up, he’d somehow been smooth talked into agreeing to meet up with Steve and Bucky at the park. It had been Steve’s idea. That way, Tony could drop off Bucky’s tablet, and Nat and Bucky could spend some playtime together.
Steve was hurting for him. Hurting because he was hurting.
Then he had her put away her toys and pack for the community center.
“I ruined my first swimming lesson.”
“Are you alright?” a deep, male voice asked.
The weak, oversensitive part of him—the part that he couldn’t get rid of, no matter how harshly he stomped it down—wanted to let the alpha take care of him. Wanted to wrap himself in the alpha’s scent and pretend that he belonged to somebody. That he was protected.
Jane laughed. “No, seriously.” Her laughter faded when no one rushed to give her a different answer. “Oh. Um, well, that’s—that’s great. But I’m sure you understand why I have to take this back. Sorry.” With that, the beer was yanked from Steve’s hand for a second time.
“I wasn’t sure you’d come,” a male voice said, jerking Tony’s attention away from the kids.
“There,” he said, gently placing the Band-Aid on her elbow. “Not only are you all better, but you’re also the most fashionable mermaid in the sea.”
“I’m cold,” Tony said pointedly, hardly believing he’d been reduced to such bad seduction tactics. Even Molly Ringwald would make fun of him for this.
“See?” Tony said when they resurfaced and were standing waist deep and unharmed in the water. “Witness me in the pool. And I’m okay.”
Sloshing through the water, he made a beeline for the ladder and heaved himself out, sending a chilly blast of air against his too sensitive skin.
At the hard glint of determination in Steve’s eyes, Tony felt the rest of his protests disappear in his throat. He was clearly facing down an unstoppable fucking force here. The alpha looked ready to die on this hill. Or worse.
He quickly hopped up and went over to help. “How does this thing keep getting so tangled?” He untwisted it and put it back into place. “We really need to get you a new pair.”
“How about you don’t and we never say you did?” Tony planted himself in front of the teen like a human barrier. “At ease, Rambo. No one’s fighting anybody and that’s final. We’re leaving. Jane, Thor, thank you for the hospitality. Great burgers. Excellent burgers. We’ll catch up another time. Sorry for...all this.”
“There’s nothing wrong with talking about things,” Steve frowned slightly, sounding like an infomercial for couples therapy. Not that they were a couple—or would ever
And then a voice broke through the black.
Every
“It’s not a game. I—”
“Don’t stop,” he begged.
of assholes. He’d been taking his feelings of inadequacy over what Brock had done to him out on the teenager. But, god, he’d had Steve so wrong.
“But, uh, thanks. For wanting to be there for me,” Tony assured him, uncertain what he’d said wrong. Because he
“You can. God, you can.”
“Um. I-I forgot what I was saying.”
Steve’s face had gone carefully blank and his left eye had developed some sort of tension twitch. The energy rolling off of him had turned sharp and angry.
“The movies always make summer look so magical,” Darcy complained, “but in reality, it’s a sweaty, lazy, boring, sticky, overrated mess filled with sunburns and melty ice cream. I want the magic I was promised. I want sun, sand, and starry nights that stretch into eternity. I want peace, love, and pineapples. I demand to feel young and free.”
Which almost sent Tony into cardiac arrest all over again.
He was planning on returning it and cutting all ties with the alpha, and was so focused on his phone that he missed Nat running up to him. Which resulted in him being showered in a handful of bluish-green glitter.
“I did. I told you I was cold. It’s the universally accepted code for ‘we should huddle together for warmth and science’.”
Tony thought, attempting to hide his face behind his giant bucket of popcorn.
He got jealous too. Of Peggy. Amara. Killian.
“Easy, baby. Slow down.” Steve’s hands pushed Tony’s shoulders gently into the mattress. “It’s not a race to the finish line. I’ve been waiting a long time for this.”
“Good.” There was another pause and the barest hint of movement outside the door. “So, this happened about five years ago, around Christmas. It was the best of times, it was the worst of times…Buck used to have a big problem with biting. He chomped on damn near everyone. My mom wanted to get a photo of him on Santa’s lap, but she was too afraid that he’d bite the poor guy. Dad decided to secretly take Buck anyway, because he'd planned on giving her the photo as a surprise. He ended up dragging me along with him, and we waited in line for hours. Finally, it was Buck’s turn, and he was all happy to see Santa, and everything was working out, and right as they took the picture—WHAM—he projectile vomited butternut squash all over Mr. Kringle and his elf. The elf screamed, the other children screamed, and it started a chain reaction of puke. Kids were crying and vomiting. Parents were freaking out. The guy posing as Santa quit on the spot. We never ended up getting the photo, but it turned out to be okay, because when we confessed it all to mom, she was just happy Bucky hadn’t bitten anyone.”
can draw better than you!”) Though Tony did now have Nat’s new artistic rendering of him to show for it. The redhead had drawn a rather interesting picture of him as a merman. In it, he was holding a trident, had a green aquatic tail, and long flowing brown hair. On the top of it she’d written: ‘
That, or he’d land himself in the hospital by overdosing on suppressants.
Triumphantly lifting it up, he spun around to find Steve watching him from the doorway.
. Dear god, he was in no way prepared for the full force of Steve’s stupid, alpha magnetism all up close and personal again. He’d barely escaped it the first time.
Good question. Was he?
on his lips.
Was that the impression the four of them gave off? How many people, upon seeing them, leapt to the same conclusion?
“Oh, yeah? And how, exactly, can you be so sure?”
Steve’s big hand continued to manipulate his cock, wringing more aftershocks from him. Drawing them out to the last possible second. Purrs were reverberating out of the teen like crazy, the sound more animalistic than ever.
So then why did the walls suddenly feel like they were closing in on him? Why did his chest physically ache like it was caving in?
Steve stepped back, making space for him.
Tony had first met Thor a couple of weeks ago when he’d swung by to help Darcy with an errand. He was a big, blond bruiser who spoke at a decibel louder than necessary at all times, and who seemed to have three times more enthusiasm for life than any one person needed. As far as alphas went, though, he was surprisingly likeable. He clearly worshipped the ground his mate walked on. Jane had trained him well.
Resistance melting faster than their ice cream cones in the hot sun, Tony’s lips went soft and pliable under Steve’s. He almost chased Steve’s mouth when the alpha pulled away.
If he got used to this feeling, it would undo him. Would make it that much harder to say goodbye.
? Or was his brain even more waterlogged than he’d thought?
“Everything okay?” the alpha asked, his voice still deeper than it had any right to be.
He wasn’t fighting a losing battle. (A battle that some part of him, maybe,
That was not at all keeping things under control. It was one thousand times worse than trusting Steve or wanting to kiss him more than he wanted to breathe. It was a disaster of catastrophic proportions.
“Not me. I can’t stay far enough
Giving in, he stripped off his wet T-shirt and slid the jersey over his head. The material all but swallowed him. It was about two sizes too big and hung halfway to his knees. It smelled clean, but he could still detect a trace of the alpha’s intoxicating, masculine scent.
The universe must’ve been having a real good laugh at his expense.
. His damn mute button must’ve been broken. Tony booted the voice out of his head and went about his day.
Thinking about it made Tony’s heart nearly stutter to a stop. He didn’t want Obie anywhere near Steve. “No. Stay away from him. You’d only be doing him a favor. He thrives on conflict and negative attention.”
The alpha buried his head between Tony’s legs. His tongue found Tony’s slick with a low groan, and Tony’s brain devolved into a single thought loop of
And if an unwitting part of Tony couldn’t seem to stop his eyes from lingering on how bronzed, tall, and gorgeous Steve looked in his red lifeguard uniform…well, he could hardly be blamed for that. It would’ve taken a saint to ignore the play of muscles shifting under Steve’s skin. Traps. Delts. Pecs. Even his thighs were tree trunks. Perfect for an omega to sit astride. Which was a weirdly specific thought to have and Tony was not at all the omega in that scenario. Really, he wasn’t.
“He has?” Tony lifted a pleasantly surprised eyebrow at Rhodey. “I mean, of course he has. I’m awesome. But I admittedly do have very bad timing, so I’m just going to see myself out and let the two of you get back to your, uh, date. Goodbye and goodnight.” Spinning around, he hurried out the door.
A blinding wave of pleasure was reaching a crescendo inside him. It was so strong, part of him was afraid of giving into it.
is what you ask me? You know what Obadiah put me through. How could you even
Obie had oh-so-helpfully pointed out how unsightly it was.
He’d picked it up and walked out into the living room. Staring at it, he’d slumped down, sinking against the wall outside his door.
“Really?” The boy’s eyes lit up. “I like robots.”
Even so, denying Steve equal skin privileges was beginning to have disastrous consequences on his furniture. Tony’s bed hadn’t survived their latest encounter.
He didn’t want to. He really
He couldn’t hear what his friend was saying, but from the look on Rhodey’s face, he had a sinking feeling he knew what it was about.
She looked far too smug for his liking. “I told ya’ he was staring at you, dude.”
Had he seriously just wished for Steve to knot him?
Highly compatible. Of all the bad luck in the world, he and Steve had to be highly fucking compatible.
“Why don’ you like the water?”
He was just being paranoid. Surely, this wasn’t about him at all.
Tony nodded numbly but the alpha was already gone.
“Want it. Want you to come in my mouth.”
He wasn’t a crier. Not outside of his heats. Not since he was a kid.
Steve cleared his throat and Tony realized that, nope, the alpha was still waiting for him to answer.
Tony was saved from having to answer her by Natasha calling his name. “Nanny Tony! Nanny Tony! Help!” The redhead had managed to get her goggles twisted around her head.
He didn’t try to hold on anymore.
“No. It isn’t fair. But that doesn’t mean you should accept it. You need to push forward, fight back.”
The smell of sizzling meat reached Tony’s nose and his stomach let out a growl of protest. He’d been too absorbed in obsessing over Steve to remember to eat that morning.
Tony reached for the door handle.
“He looks at you like he wants to put his mating bite on you. Like he’d launch a thousand ships if another alpha tried to take you away.”
He somehow doubted it.
He desperately wanted to get a reaction from her—
Worry darkened the teen’s gaze. “Jesus, baby, you can barely stand up. How much have you had?”
“I’m sorry,” he stammered, the whiplash making him dizzy. “I should go…uh, over there now.
“I’ve been a nanny too long. Don’t judge me.”
It was only somewhat quiet when he was the one touching Steve.
And then he threw Tony into the deep end. “Bomb’s away!” he yelled.
Because Steve wouldn’t be here if he was getting fed up with Tony or losing interest. This had to mean that Steve still wanted him.
Hey guys, sorry for the long wait. Life has been kicking my butt a bit lately. The next chapter should hopefully come sooner.
He didn’t register what it was at first.
He cried for hours. For an eternity. For every ounce of buried pain he had to make up for. For all the poison inside he had to get out.
“Save what?” The teen maintained his highly unconvincing ruse.
“There’s not a sober bone left in your body.”
, he told himself.
“I’m feeling major secondhand embarrassment right now,” cringed Darcy, as she eyeballed Amara across the pool. The older woman was trying to flirt with Steve. She kept reaching out and ‘accidentally’ patting his biceps. She was holding a bottle of suntan lotion and seemed to be angling for him to apply it to her back. “She’s gotta know by now that he’s not interested.”
, his instincts shouted.
The alpha had scooped Tony up off the ground and was now cradling Tony in his arms.
After an eon of uncomfortable silence that was really only about thirty seconds, the teen gave a short nod. His expression settled into a familiar, steely look of determination.
Dead silence.
Tony was so busy
“Bucky,” the boy replied. He had chin length brown hair and looked to be around the same age as her.
Luckily, he didn’t have to reply as Bucky seemed to appear out of nowhere.
It was true. An unclaimed, disgraced omega would be regarded as the hospital’s lowest priority.
“That was a textbook case of an alpha overreacting to an omega being in danger. It’s simple biology,” he rationalized. “Same with his crush. So, I don’t want to hear any more about it, alright? There’s nothing going on between me and Steve Rogers.”
The woman quickly tucked her phone away, dispersing with the rest of the nosy stragglers. But, honestly, it wasn’t like she was any worse than the rest of the pool goers. The ones who were still tanning, swimming, or relaxing, and going about their day.
, he thought.
“Eighteen?!” Rhodey echoed. “Jesus, you’ve got to be kidding me. That is the most freakishly evolved teenager I’ve ever seen. He looks like a professional linebacker.”
Until then, he’d have to settle for playing referee again. He’d been able to get Steve to stand down earlier. Hopefully, he could manage it now too.
“More than when Obie used to feed me,” he answered bitterly, before he could bite his tongue—because, god, he carried so much bitterness when it came to her. A lifetime’s worth. Reigning it all in just wasn’t possible.
“Barbie likes being melted,” Nat said happily. “She’s a pyromaniac.”
“I have to be on my way. I’m meeting Mrs. Watson for some schnapps. You have a good rest of your day now.” She clacked away on her modest heels as suddenly as she’d appeared, purse swinging over her stooped shoulder.
Something warm and healing nudged at his ribcage, spreading into the place where his hurt lived. It leeched some of the poison out of him.
The alpha had already proven time and time again that he was stronger than his instincts.
Bruce had entered a Young Scientists of America challenge and was competing with hundreds of other children to see who could invent the strongest adhesive. He had set up shop in the kitchen with his lab coat and chemistry goggles and had gotten to work.
After his near-death experience as a child, Tony had developed an obsession with reading about other people who’d almost drowned. He’d read hundreds of articles, over and over again, memorizing all of them.
“We’re much more civilized than they are,” Nat commented to Tony primly.
Steve's gaze didn’t waver. “Help me out here, Tony. No games. I’m laying it all on the line. Do you feel anything for me, or am I just some creep who can’t take a hint?” Uneasiness lined his face, his throat working. “‘Cause I’ll leave you alone for good if that’s really what you want.”
Jackpot.
The teenager had finally hit his limit on the amount of bullshit and self-destructive spirals he was willing to take.
Tony snorted. “Says the girl who threatened to poison someone not two hours ago.”
Could Rhodey be under the impression that was how Steve was treating Tony? It wouldn’t take Rhodey long to get his feathers in a bunch if he mistakenly thought Steve was refusing to make an honest omega out of him.
He was
He relinquished Tony’s hands and Tony set about freeing his prize. He pulled down the teen’s zipper and—
? If he didn’t get a hold of himself, Nat was going to call him out for staring at Steve with giant, obvious heart eyes again.
. Had Steve seriously just called him
“We proved them wrong,” Steve said.
“Oh, uh, sorry,” Killian stuttered, face revealing shock at having his advances shut down in defense of a disgraced omega. “I-I didn’t realize.”
Nat giggled. “Sharks live in the ocean, silly.”
“You used to get yourself thrown in detention with me so I wouldn’t be alone,” Tony recalled fondly.
“Sure.” Steve chuckled and Tony could all but see the alpha smirking.
He’d gotten lucky. Brain cells didn’t typically start to die until around 4-6-minutes after being cut off from oxygen. The thought of brain damage was scarier to him than that of actually dying. He couldn’t imagine who he’d be without his intelligence.
He could still feel the mortifying evidence of his slick drying on the back of his thighs—making his walk of shame even worse as he tentatively pushed open the door and slid into the hallway.
All these years later, and that comment still stung. He beat the hurt back, forcing himself to continue talking, “I was afraid of the water and he—he didn’t like that. He’d wanted to toughen me up. He had our au pair register me for a bunch of sports lessons, but I ran away and hid whenever it was time to go. When dad got home from his business trip and learned that I hadn’t attended a single lesson, he was…shall we say, less than pleased. He went on his hundredth drunken tirade, yelling that I was a pampered, spoiled child and that he refused to raise a son who was afraid of his own shadow.” Tony remembered apologizing profusely, cowering under Howard’s red-faced anger. But apologizing hadn’t worked. Nothing had ever seemed to lessen Howard’s temper. And then Howard had lunged; had dragged Tony kicking and screaming to their backyard.
“You’re a big, ugly goon, and you’re not nearly as good at football as everyone says you are!” Bucky failed to dunk Steve’s head under the water.
Steve’s hand grasped his chin, bringing Tony’s eyeline to his.
It had been a taxing morning.
And—get this—it was followed by a fricken heart emoji. Which was 100% the fault of Darcy and her cursed meddling.
“It’s mermaid dust!” Nat declared delightedly. “Ta-da! You’re a merman now!”
“I can hurt him for you.”
word, Tony took the lead for their second date.
“Go on, then,” Tony goaded bitterly, still lowering his head. “Get it over with already.”
The alpha blinked. Then he surged forwards to come closer to Tony, but Tony threw up a hand to keep him back.
Okay,
“I don’t like mermaids anymore.”
Relief surged through Tony like Steve had passed a test Tony hadn’t realized he’d been giving him. The ache in his chest returned so strongly he thought it was going to burst.
Bucky seemed to be the only kid—outside of Bruce—who she allowed to stand up to her.
Tony ran a hand over Steve’s drawing as he tried to smooth out the paper.
In the end, he’d decided he was making it into a bigger deal than it actually was. Nat didn’t deserve to have her summer ruined just because he couldn’t handle himself around some random alpha. It was pathetic that he was giving a teenager—a freaking
Nat glanced at the pool, then back at Tony, hesitant.
The needy sound grew louder when Steve began a torturously slow exploration of Tony’s chest, licking and sucking kisses across Tony’s already sensitive skin. He paid special attention to Tony’s scar, as though assuring Tony that it didn’t bother him.
