John blinked a few times at the name. To him, Tyler’s sister was Mary and his daughter was Rosie.  It hadn’t occurred to him that Tyler would know her under a different name. “Yes, yes please,” he replied.
“No, no, I just mean that this place makes you think about sex.  You can’t help it. Before you know it, everything is sexual innuendo and slapped arses.”  They were even closer now.
Nathan grinned. “You’re one of those annoying bastards.”  Sherlock laughed.  “Really, Aaron, your boyfriend is not typical. Don’t you go thinking you have to be so casual. And, if you decide that anal sex isn’t for you, don’t do it.  I’d bet Colin here wants you to enjoy sex and if you don’t enjoy bottoming, do not do it.”
Borderline horrified at the view before him, Sherlock almost missed the word John whispered in his ear.
John worked the vibrator against Sherlock’s prostate with hard and then soft pressure. Heat spread from the spot, wrapped around Sherlock’s groin and his balls tightened. All Sherlock heard was the obscene wet slap of his body in and against John’s, the earlier release and lubricant being fucked in and out spilling over their bodies.
“I can feel your smugness back there,” John grumbled. “Stop it. Think bad thoughts; I’m too frigging old to be lying on a kitchen floor.”
“They’re on the way,” came the steady, deep tones of Charles Langridge.   “If anyone doesn’t want to be here, I suggest you leave, now.”
“Far less often,” Candlar admitted. “I like that they have a private entrance for VIP’s.   My favourite there has moved to Langridge’s though. I don’t know that I’ll go back to Doubles again.”
“Did you want to fuck me in front of everyone, Sherlock?”  John asked.  “Is that what you wanted?” He rolled his hips and picked up the pace of his thrusts.
The pole dancer stamped hard on the stage.  “If you think you can do better, you just come and do it. I’ve had enough working for you ungrateful bastards. I’m going to Langridge’s, you know.”
John didn’t know why he’d kept the dildo. Grief makes the mourning hang on to even things they hate. It’s easier to push them away, hide them and hope all the memories go with them. And perhaps, eventually, long after Mary was gone, John had learned that it took real effort to stop anger from growing stronger than love.
“You need to do lots of playing.” Nathan nodded.  “I like to pop in my vibrator and just chill for an hour. I need the time for my mind just to chill enough to feel them roll.  I think you’d enjoy them, Colin.”
John let out a mirthless laugh.  “If Sherlock ever wants a relationship, it needs to be with someone who can devote themselves to him.  Love, sex, all of that, it’ll be hard for him.  He needs someone better than me to go through that with him.  Someone who doesn’t have Rosie and everything.”
“A bit,” Sherlock admitted. He imaged Mycroft in a negligee and shuddered. His penis was certainly more disinterested now. John was hot and tight around him. He pulled out a little and slowly eased back in again. That felt good. Very good. He’d always bottomed before but this was something else. He pulled out a little further than before, then pushed back, and the pleasure reverberated through him. Though Sherlock didn’t want to stop bottoming, he was more than happy to top if it felt like this. John seemed to be enjoying too.
“Remarkable.”  Bailey looked closely at Sherlock’s ears and jaw.  “It’ll be another ten years before the Met get anything like this.  Beautiful craftsmanship.  Would you two like to head to the shagging suite and we’ll see what we can hear?”  He handed John a small transmitter/receiver unit which needed to be hidden in the corner of the room.
John could feel pinpricks at the back of his eyes.   He remembered the first time he’d walked into their home after Mary died and the way the silence tormented him. If it hadn’t for Rosie, he’d never have gone back.  His misguided rage at Sherlock, no matter how wrong, had helped him to get through each day more than he could ever admit.
“The dildo vibrates, John. I think that will do the work for you adequately.” Sherlock slipped his fingers between the cheeks of John’s arse. The handle of the butt plug nestled there was slippery with slick that had leaked out around it. “Are you ready?”
“You’re so fucking good, Sherlock,” John managed to make out, his words distorted by the increased force of Sherlock’s thrusts. “Never expected it to feel like this.”
“Bashed my heel,” John admitted. The skin had been scraped from the back of his ankle and left a small, barely-bleeding wound which failed to represent the pain it’d caused.
“I’ve not had sex for a whole year, John.” Sherlock threw up his hands in emphasis. “I can eschew sex if I need to. When I was with Bertie, things were, well different. I only wanted him for sex. I want you for much more than that.”
Sherlock came in one final deep thrust.  He let John’s legs drop and his arms trembled as he tried to hold himself over John’s body.   Sherlock gasped for air.
“Could be arranged,” John said.  He walked into Sherlock’s arms and put his hands around Sherlock’s waist.   They rocked slowly to the soft music.
Simon tutted.  “It’s really up to the client to decide on what terms and when they see you, Fabian.  John and Sherlock are very busy people, especially right now.”
Sherlock took a piece of Victoria sponge and turned on his heel.  “Gotta let it be, babe,” he called as he left the office.
“Why would I mind?” John stroked a warm hand up Sherlock’s thigh, around his crotch and over his belly. “I’ve never fucked an Alpha. Never thought I would. Doesn’t mean I didn’t think about it though. Fantasise. It’s… good.” John licked his lips and then Sherlock absolutely knew that it was more than good. Whole screeds of text were contained in all the words John hadn’t said. Oh, and the word fantasise had been extremely telling.
The cash collection went without a hitch, the whole episode was painless, professional and perfectly arranged.  The same could not be said for what followed.
“I’ve never met an Alpha who wanted to be penetrated,” John mused. “Although, if this place keeps dildos the size of Omega cocks, it’s clearly not entirely out of the ordinary.” John crooked his finger and the response was swift. “Hello. Your winky’s started to pay attention.”
John groaned. Fabian’s hand was wrapped around the base of John’s cock, his fingers twisted and pulled with just enough pressure.   He was so very good at this.  John tried to blank out his mind and let himself go. It was rough, at times, dealing with the inevitable guilt of leaving his daughter with Mrs Hudson so John could have his brain sucked out through his cock by a man who looked like his best friend.  But what price for sanity?
He held out his hands. John carefully took one of Sherlock’s hands in his, cleaned any breaks in the skin and inspected them. Then, he repeated the action with the other. While John was working, Sherlock looked at him. He’d come here alone and, if the duffel in the living room was anything to go by, he was prepared to stay overnight. John’s hands were steady but somewhat stilted. He was clearly somewhat nervous. Sherlock’s heart thudded.
“I begged him,” Piero said. Tears ran freely down his face.  “I pleaded with him not to fall for that man. I knew Daniels would never love him.”
Sherlock withdrew his fingers and crawled back up John’s body. The kiss he gave John was almost chaste but utterly spellbinding its intensity, and, when it ended, they were both silent, just for a moment. John looked down the length of their bodies. They touched at only the tips of their cocks. Sherlock circled his hips closer and John whimpered at the smooth, silky contact.
Overnight, the nurses checked on Rosie at least once an hour and her monitors all had ear-splitting alarms should anything happen. Sherlock discovered this when he decided to play with the machine. John and Sherlock finally bedded down on a mattress by Rosie’s bed and tried to sleep despite the concern, the interruptions, and the noise of a busy children’s ward.
“People have sex in hopicals all the time.” John waved his hand emphatically.  “Even the patients.”  He laughed at his own joke.  The nurse bit her lip. The porter legged it.  “S’like the mile-high club ‘cept it’s not.”
The cemetery in Stoke Newington this is based on is Abney Park. It’s an old cemetery and somewhere where you can whittle a spoon. What more do you want?  Linky:
Rosie squealed and yelled, “Fucks!” John pretended not to notice.   Sherlock walked over and handed John a white, paper box.  Inside was cheesecake. The smell of lime and coconut drifted up from the box.
“And I you.” Sherlock rubbed his nose against John’s. “Did I tell you that Mummy’s been on the phone?”
“That vibrator’s amazing,” John said.  “But lethal.  You can’t use it on me if you want me to last more than about three minutes.”
Sherlock’s body drooped and his eyes closed.  He leant forward and rested his hands on the chest of drawers.  John let out three cries, each louder than the last.  His legs tightened around Sherlock’s waist and when he heard John’s body flop down against the wooden chest, so too did Sherlock.
Sherlock opened his eyes and flung himself off the bed with a groan and a thump.  “We’re showering together and we need to be back in bed in ten minutes.”
“I thought you wanted to talk about my sex life?” Sherlock demanded even John’s breath ghosted over the head of his cock and oh, oh.
Greg Lestrade liked Sherlock and John. If pressed, he might even have admitted that he loved them. They were his mates and he trusted them.  He was, however, officially bored of watching them snog.  It was quarter past ten at night and the blackout room had been quiet. For long stretches, they just sat there. Then someone would come in and Sherlock and John would kiss then the mystery someone would come and leave.  Lestrade had seen six blowjobs through the cottaging holes and two shags. The sex swing had been used twice.
“Hang on,” Piero said. “You are John.” He pointed at John.  “You are Sherlock.” He pointed to Sherlock.  “Oh my God, you two are even more strange than Fabby said.”
“Yep,” Lestrade agreed.  “It’s better for you guys though.  It’s guaranteed that no-one but Sally and I can observe.  Gives you a bit of privacy.”
Sherlock jumped when John brushed a ticklish spot.  He smiled.  “If you ever tell anyone, I will deny it.”
Lesley Shaw and Mark Tyler’s home was a contemporary mansion, probably built in the last few years, John surmised. It was all sandy bricks and forbidding gates. Inside, the floors were polished wood and the walls were various shades of beige.  The whole house looked like it had been pulled out of an interior design magazine.
“I’m so sorry. Oh, John, I can’t believe I’ve hurt you. I didn’t mean to. Please, let me make it better.”
“I agree,” Sherlock replied. “Regardless of the fact she gave her life for mine, I can’t tell you why your wife kept this from you.”
“Just for now. Wheels are in motion, Sherlock, and Fabian here is in far more trouble than he thinks.”
“Uh, uh, oh.” The tightness around Sherlock’s cock was incredible. The earlier release and slick enveloped Sherlock’s flesh inside John’s arse, as though he was fucking liquid velvet. John’s body shuddered and contracted with pleasure; he’d started on a second orgasm almost as soon as Sherlock was sheathed inside. Their combined aroma was a symphony of want, of lust, and of need.
John chatted to Rosie. She squeezed a slice of pear to within an inch of its life and then threw it on John’s naked leg.   He stared at it for a bit.  This morning was very surreal.  Sherlock put a full English breakfast in front of him. It looked edible. Mrs Hudson wasn’t in sight.  Rosie pushed a baked bean into his ear.  He ate his breakfast.  It was better than edible.  There was even black pudding and even though, as a doctor, he told his patients it was a dreadful thing to eat, John loved it.
Sherlock’s knees ached and sweat weakened his grip on John’s hips, but he couldn’t have stopped for the world. At this angle, it would be impossible to bite John’s scent gland in order for them to bond.
“People often are.  Whilst all this is fascinating, I fail to see why you’re here telling me this.” Mycroft leant back in his chair.   He opened the envelope and shuffled through the contents until he noticed a photograph.  “Oh, I see.”
I do hope you like Sharan. She's based on a train driver from a documentary about the London Underground. She was a very calm presence and, well, she loved her train.  RAF Benson is in South Oxfordshire and, in my head, Sharan has a home-counties/rural Oxfordshire accent mashup.  The Oxfordshire/Buckinghamshire rural accent is a bit like the West country accent. I tried to find an example, but couldn't. :-(
“Where on earth did you learn to give blow-jobs like that?” John asked from his prone position. Sherlock was back in bed. John thought about getting up. “Actually, don’t tell me. I may be forced to hunt whoever you practised on down and kill them.” John's legs shook but he managed to stand and then ineptly pulled on his pants. “Fuck.”
“Like what?” In the time it took John to even begin to reply, Sherlock pounced for the bedside table. “Lube,” he said by way of explanation and soon retrieved his bottle of the stuff.
“I love you,” Sherlock said. He lifted John’s leg a little and began to thrust up.  John’s body clenched around him and then relaxed.
“Thank you, Mycroft,” Sherlock added. He wrapped his coat around him as he stepped from the helicopter. Mycroft was exceeding pleased that he didn’t have to share a car with them back to Baker Street.
Anyway, the upshot of this was posting early and an idea for a little Sherlock AU rugby fic.  It wasn't all bad, then. ;-)
“If you can tell me what brought you here, we can go from there,” Piero said.  He was a short, muscular, Italian man with kind eyes and a massive penis.  His pants were very tight. It really was difficult not to look. “And remember, every sentence comes with a caress.  Aaron, you begin.”
“See that’s the thing, Johnny boy, you’re very heteronormative in your ideas. You’ve got to come to terms with the fact that you’re just freaking out because you’ve finally accepted you’re in love with Sherlock.”
Sherlock fought with the sheet as he staggered to the loo and sighed with relief as he peed into the toilet bowl.
“If we leave this place now, does that mean neither of us have to sleep in the wet patch?”  John levered his body off of the bed.
“I love that first feeling when your cock breaches me.  It’s amazing.” John raised and dropped quickly, his body arched backwards.
Sherlock pulled John away from the sink and turned him in his arms, then gave him a light, chaste kiss.  “You finish the bloody washing up then.  I’ll wait for you in bed. Don’t be long.”
Before Daniels could speak, the train lurched.  His phone flew from one hand, his gun from the other and he tumbled forward and then back.  The movement of the train threw him down the train carriage and his body tumbled away from Watson and the child.  He hit his head with a clunk and purple spiders swam through his vision.
Sherlock’s inner voice screamed. Oh yes, Holmes, perfect way to stop imagining John having a blowjob by demanding to see where it happened. Perfect.
“Before you slept with a man who looked like me because you wanted to hit this instead?”  Sherlock raised his eyebrows.
“The only thing I can say is that I know Peter takes drugs.  I’ve been around enough to know when someone’s high and Peter’s high a lot.”
“Is that sympathy you’re expressing, Sherlock. Or even empathy?”  Mycroft sneered.  “As time goes on, I fear you become less and less like my brother.”
John woke up achy and still tired.   He picked up his phone from his bedside table, disconnected the charger and checked the time.  Nine-fifteen.  Rosie should’ve woken him up before now.  Even when she was with Mrs Hudson, she woke up early.  John got up, needed an urgent wee, went to the bathroom and then looked for his daughter.  He found her in the living room with Sherlock, who was reading the paper.
Sherlock pressed a slick finger against John’s hole and swirled his tongue over the head of John’s cock.   John’s internal muscles clenched, then relaxed as Sherlock worked one, then two fingers in and out.   He pulled off John’s cock and removed his fingers in order to yank John’s bedside table open.
“John, John, John.” Sherlock’s fingers hurt from digging into Ian’s hips. Their movements had become erratic as release neared.
“There’s no good way of saying this, Sherlock,” John said, his lips tight and his eyes flashing anger. “So, I’m just going to say it. If I, say, refuse to put-out one evening, are you going to fuck off and shove a few grams of Bolivian marching powder up your nose, or in your arm,
Nathan’s eyes were wide.  Sherlock realised that his response was rather more Sherlockian than something Aaron would say.
John huffed out a smile. Tired, stressed and hungry though he undoubtedly was, John looked beautiful. He looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock looked at him and smiled.
Sherlock grasped the end of the butt plug buried deep inside John and moved it.  John’s sharp intake of breath told him he discovered the right spot.
John draped his arm across his eyes. As he finger-fucked him, Sherlock conducted an orchestra of bitten-off wails and liquid, slippery sounds. John’s desire created an Omega scent visible to Sherlock as a glowing, pulsing aura. He knew his own was similarly visible to John. They couldn’t hide from each other now, if they ever could. Sherlock withdrew his fingers and pressed in a fourth alongside the others.
“Candlar said that if I didn’t say I killed Thomas, he would make it look like Fabian did the murders.  He said that he would get Fabby high, tell him to share some drugs and then make sure whoever he fucked would overdose. He said Daniels knew how to get the dose right because he killed Zach.”  Piero stopped. His face remained calm, but the tears began to fall again. “Do you know what makes all of this the worst of anything?”  Sherlock shook his head. “Is that I think Zach Thomas must have been a nice boy. He might have a boyfriend, like Jason, or family that loved him. They lost him because that arsehole cared only for himself.  And I love the man who loves him. What does that say about me?”
“Just a GP.”  John looked down for a moment. “I work with a detective called Sherlock Holmes. There’s a suspect on this train. He tried to kill me and Rosie.”
“I’ve had enough of this,” Harry said. “We’re going to have this conversation whether you like it or not.”
“Lestrade?”  Sherlock said under his voice.  “You need to tell your men to at least pretend they’re in here for sex.  They look like they’re waiting for a bus.”
John put his head back on Sherlock’s shoulder and closed his eyes.  “Save me,” he whispered.  “I don’t think I can cope with this.”
John turned around and crawled over Sherlock’s prone form. “And who do you belong to, Sherlock? Would you wear my scent?”
“Fuh-uh,” Sherlock moaned. “That’s a little sensitive, doctor.”  His hips lifted and he pushed even further forward to give John easier access.
“Can you come like this?” Sherlock asked.  He could feel tension gather in his belly, in his groin, as the pleasure circled tighter and tighter.   Gentle thrusts became harder, more ragged, faster and faster.
Sherlock opened his eyes to find John above him. He’d managed to straddle Sherlock quite efficiently and with little drama. “Absolutely awful,” Sherlock replied.
“It’s not your fault.”  John poured hot water into cups.  It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault and he wouldn’t blame him, not now, not since he’d blamed him for Mary’s death.  All the same, he wanted to yell. He looked at Sherlock, who’d adopted the same clenched-jaw patient expression he’d worn since the start of this case. John thumped the kitchen counter.  “Arse.  You’re as angry as I am and you’re allowed to show it.”
“I don’t know, fluffy-kins, what do you think?”  John grinned. “I think it depends what matches your floofy hair.”
Rosie quietened a little and snuggled her face against John’s neck. John adjusted her oxygen mask and stroked her hair.
“Where’s the lube?” John asked. Sherlock pressed the bottle into his hand. John half-rolled off of Sherlock’s body and squeezed the lube over Sherlock’s groin where the slippery stuff dropped in cold splats. John rolled back over. He checked to see that Sherlock was looking before he slid his penis through the transparent liquid.
The two weeks that followed disappeared in a flurry of activity. Lestrade had turned up with a case, which had been at least a seven on the Sherlock-o-meter. John had called it an eight, but Sherlock demurred. After all, the murderer had turned out to be the husband and that, since the victim was female and, therefore, statistically more likely to be killed by her partner than anyone else, warranted its downgrade. It was only
So, essentially, this is a sex and exposition chapter. A spoonful of sugar and all that. Jammed in between is a strange little scene which depicts an important moment for John. It's an odd one, but it fits Sherlock canon.
“You want to sleep?” John lifted his arm and looked at his new beloved. “Who are you and what have you done with Sherlock?”
“You’re too fucking good at that.” John tangled his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. “I can’t believe you’re mine. How did I get this lucky?” Sherlock’s hand cradled and tugged John’s balls, which made John moan so loudly he worried that everyone else in the health centre heard him.
“Nothing significant. He’d had sex with someone wearing a condom prior to death, no DNA from semen. He had a Liverpool FC tattoo and dyed blonde hair.  Oh, and he had a Prince Albert piercing. That’s about it.”
Sherlock shook his head.  Kevin Candlar was a man of many secrets; that much was obvious from his jewellery.  He was clearly not to be trusted.
“Hey, love.  You’ve had a bad dream and you’ve just woken up. You’re in Baker Street and everything is okay.”
Abruptly, a ringing noise sounded. Sherlock raised the remote and the door clicked open. Dr Marshall entered the room. She couldn’t help but be blasted by the hormones, or the smell of sex in the air, but she didn’t show it for a second.
“You’re so fucking hot,” John said after he pulled away.  “I’ve never been with anyone who wants me, gets so excited for me, like you do.”  He stroked Sherlock’s hair. “Do you have any idea how that makes me feel?  It’s like I’m a sex god.”
“You remember you told me I was your wank material?” John asked. Sherlock nodded. “Want to show me?”
And this kiss was deeper. It was more intense, though still imbued with the meticulous care of Sherlock’s previous kisses. Sherlock’s hand moved from the back of John’s neck up to the back of his head. The external occipital protuberance. Damned if John didn’t mouth those words into the kiss, and damned if Sherlock didn’t smile in response. He swept his tongue over John’s lips, and John didn’t know who started to tremble but knew he felt steadier then he climbed onto Sherlock’s lap, one knee against each hip.
Sherlock was hungry, so breakfast earned a place in his immediate plans. More importantly, he was also desperate for a wee. He hobbled on stiff legs to a door to his left and was met by a wall of steam.
“Isn’t it brilliant?”  John jumped up and down and giggled at his rubber cock swinging around with gay abandon.
“If Piero trusts him, then I think we should.  As far as I can tell, he has no reason to lie to us.”
John smiled. He couldn’t help but grin with an intensity that reflected how big his heart had swelled in his chest. “So, trial run?”
Everyone was fed and watered, Rosie was asleep, and Sherlock was in the shower.  The thought of Sherlock with water drizzling down his chest made John’s cock twitch, even though it wasn’t the first time it had. The difference was their relationship.  Sherlock pressed all his buttons on purpose and not by accident.  John stroked his cock, just a little. When he shifted back onto the bed, he was reminded of his deliciously sore arse.  All the same, he enjoyed his chilled out, lazy wank.  He was so engrossed in his minor exertions that he didn’t notice when Sherlock returned to the room until the bed dipped.  Sherlock’s mouth covered the head of John’s cock.
Sherlock smiled.  “Indeed.”  He stepped behind John and pulled him back against his chest.  They looked in the mirror at each other. Sherlock leaned forward and sucked the lobe of John’s right ear into his mouth.   His blue eyes were just visible through those black curls.
“Good?” Sherlock asked.  He slipped his arms between John’s back and the bed and gripped his shoulders.   John’s eyes were closed and his hips were tilted up against Sherlock’s body.   He lifted his hips beyond John’s reach until he opened his eyes.   “Hi,” Sherlock said with a grin.
“Unclear, though the Marquês is furious. He hasn’t got a second in command. I tried to fill the gap. Then you idiots arrested me.”
“They haven’t got tea, but there are other drinks over there,” Sherlock pointed out to John before he took a long swig from his bottle.
was lovely, but it just wasn’t Sherlock. He rocked between the dildo and the sleeve and it was all very satisfactory, but it wasn’t what a new bondmate wanted.  A look at Sherlock’s face made it clear it wasn’t pleasing him either. “I want to get off,” John said.
“It is pitch black in there, you know,” Donovan replied.  “Not to mention the fact that no one but you and John are…”
“It isn’t funny,” Sherlock said.  “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do in relationships, John.  I have to rely on you to tell me if I’m expecting too much sexual activity.  I don’t know. And now you want me to start the sex thing again, and how do I know if it’s the right time?   I have observed that when people first begin a sexual relationship they have more sex than normal, but I don’t know what normal is.”
John smiled. He went to the cupboard, took out two glasses and filled them with water from the tap. He walked into the living room and passed Sherlock a glass before he sat and sipped his own.  Sherlock glared at John through his eyelashes and even eyebrows from the depth of his frown.
Sherlock spread the photographs out and sighed.  Sometimes it was annoying to be right all the time.  The images showed Mark Tyler with Mary. Lesley was in some of the photographs. It was clear that, during her pregnancy, she visited Tyler and his wife.
John’s brain went slightly haywire.  Sherlock, who was a control freak and a bossy bastard, would let John call the shots.  Sherlock, the man who loved the big reveal and to expose secrets, would leave John in command.   They would only do what he was comfortable with.  The responsibility Sherlock had given to John was huge.  Sherlock was his, no matter that he argued with the idea of possession.
“Oh, I have plenty,” Sherlock replied.  “But evidence is rather lacking. Thank heavens the crime scene is still preserved. Oh, hang on a minute, it isn’t.”
Lestrade sighed and shook his head. Before he retorted, Myrcoft led him, Sherlock and John into an empty side room.
When John and Sherlock arrived at Mycroft’s office, they were told Fabian had rescinded his offer to talk to John.  They stood in a room and looked at Bouchard through a two-way mirror. He sat in a grey room on an uncomfortable chair, looking nervous and tired.  Mycroft’s team negotiated with Fabian and his lawyers.  He agreed to talk, but it took what seemed like hours for him to accept that if he spoke to John, Sherlock would be present.  When they finally walked into the room, it took Fabian less than a minute to realise why.
“I mean in terms of prep,” Sherlock explained. “I’m worried about fitting since you’re not in heat.”
“Do we have to tell the Drugs Squad, chief?” Sally asked Lestrade.  She put down the bag containing the butt plug and moved forward.  “Can’t we claim that we don’t know what’s going to happen?  If it weren’t for John and Sherlock we wouldn’t have a clue, if we even found this at all.”
Sherlock smiled.  “It was good,” he agreed. “Very good.  If next time’s better, we may have to buy Mrs Hudson some ear protectors. You’re loud.”
John heard the unmistakeable hum and air turbulence of a helicopter landing.  “How’s the dude?” he asked Sharan.
John hung up his phone and continued to try and dress Sherlock, who was still unconscious. As a doctor, he knew it was probably due to nothing more than dehydration and low blood sugar. As an afraid lover, he was concerned that he’d killed his boyfriend, or that the world’s only consulting detective might become, at best, a cabbage.
“In me, in me, in me,” John muttered.  He shoved Sherlock’s fingers free, curled his legs around Sherlock’s body and pulled him forward. He barely had time to position his cock before he was inside.  “You feel so much better than I ever imagined,” John whispered. “You’re mine, mine, Sherlock.”
The kiss when it came was brutal. Their teeth knocked together and their tongues wrapped around each other.   John’s hands tangled in Sherlock’s hair as he pulled his head down. Sherlock yanked the tied cord around his waist, stripped off his robe, then worked on John’s.  Both gowns gone, he skimmed his hands around John’s waist, unclipped the harness and let it fall. The dildo thumped heavily on the floor, followed shortly by Sherlock’s.
“I think that would be a great idea.” Nathan nodded.  “You can plot it and plan it like choreography. And, because it’s sex, it doesn’t matter if it’s not perfect. Sex isn’t ever perfect.”
Sherlock inserted a third finger with little resistance.  John clutched at Sherlock’s arm to physically pull his digits further inside.  Sherlock’s cock twitched in sympathy as he let John guide his fingers in and out increasingly rapidly.  Sherlock reached for John’s cock and gave it a few steady tugs.
“You, there at my knees, your fingers buried in your arse. God, Sherlock, it was so hot. I almost came on the spot. Had to think some bad thoughts not to just come in your mouth immediately.” John’s body trembled and he rested his head on Sherlock’s chest. “Fuck, Sherlock, I hope you’re almost there. I am. Nearly. I was still quite army when we first did this, wasn’t I? A bit of a dick waver. I wanted you to think I was a good lover. So I just shut my eyes. And all this time, you thought I was thinking of someone else. As if feeling my come leaking out of your backside wasn’t the hottest thing I could’ve thought of.”
“What do you want, my love?” Sherlock asked again.  He let John’s cock go, mindful of his admitted lack of control.  John’s hips still rose as he fucked thin air above him and drove back down onto Sherlock’s hand and the vibrator pushed deep inside.
“Greg wanted me to give him a minute with Sherlock,” Sally said.  “I hate to say it, but his idea is the best we’ve got.”
Mycroft’s men took less than an hour to collect Piero Fibonacci from New Scotland Yard.  Before he left, Piero texted Nathan Drake and promised not to mention him or the connection to Mark Tyler to Mycroft.
“Sherlock and Dr Watson,” Mycroft said with a slight yawn.  “How utterly middling to see you again.   I do hope you have good news for me.”
The attempt Sherlock made not to tell Candlar he was a moron physically pained him.  He glanced towards John, but Jessica, the Shih Tzu, drew his eye as she walked across the room and insolently peed in the kitchen doorway.   John turned, then met Sherlock’s gaze. He looked angry.
“Secret agent Bouchard ready for duty.  Who shall I salute to?”   He was naked apart from a Royal Navy Officer’s cap. He stood with his back towards the bed and fell backwards onto the mattress.   “Would you like to help me warm the bed, Jean?”
Sherlock walked over to John, pulled him into a rough kiss.  He took a step back and grinned.  “I love you, Dr Watson.”
“H-e-l-l-o—D-r—W-a-t-s-o-n,” appeared on the console of the machine. There was a whirring sound and the dildo rose up through the seat and wiggled to a stop. “P-l-e-a-s-e—c-l-i-m-b—a-b-o-a-r-d.”
Sherlock was surprised that both John and Rosie slept incredibly well in hospital.  He, on the other hand, did not.  He shared his time between the two of them, nervous that John might have a nightmare and pull his stitches, or that Rosie might wake and be scared when she found herself in a strange place.  Neither happened.
Gratefulness and virtual roses go to Lockedinjohnlock for her proofreading duties.  The remaining issues and mistakes in this fic are my mistakes alone.
with lube and sweat and he smiled.   He could cope with this sort of dirt.  He looked over at John, who wore a smile that would have glowed in darkness.
John’s face contorted, his hips started to lift and push towards Sherlock. He cried out with each thrust until, after half a dozen or so more strokes, John came.
“No!” Sherlock yelled.  If Matthews had known who Tyler was, he could be a crucial figure in the case.  With him gone, breaking into Doubles had been a waste of time.  He walked back out of the office and pulled his phone out of his pocket. He quickly texted Lestrade and turned to face John who was stood with a hanky over his nose.   “So, he’s been dead for at least 24 hours.  Why did no one notice?”
Rosie was in her high-chair next to the table.  Her food tray held a bowl of baby porridge, a Tommy Tippee cup full of milk and some chopped up strawberries and blueberries. From the mess around Rosie’s mouth, she was thoroughly enjoying her breakfast.  When she saw John, she squealed.
“What does it mean?” Lestrade said. He looked at Sherlock’s exasperated face and shook his head. “Obviously the first bit is the date and the time. What the hell is blackout?”
“Wow,” John said when Sherlock walked back in. “You look damn good.”  He tugged Sherlock’s head down by his tie and Sherlock squeaked in alarm.  John gave him a deep, searching kiss.   Since both had been celibate of late, it didn’t take long for the kiss to become heated.
“It has very good reviews and you really like anal stimulation,” Sherlock replied. “It’s also quite small, so I thought it would be okay on those days when you feel a little sore after anal sex.  I want you to feel loved and to be happy with me. I understand that an anal vibrator can’t achieve all of that, but I wanted to…”
The butt plug was huge. Well, Sherlock thought so when he grabbed it from where it was laid on the bedside table. It was heavy glass, curiously weighted heavier at the narrowed tip than the thick base.
“So, my advice, based on that, is for you to decide that you don’t care about the doctor knowing whether or not you’ve used the chair, had a marvellous orgasm or anything else.” Sherlock rubbed John’s arm. “You and I are in this bed, safe and sound. Your daughter is with Molly, safe and sound. What else is there to worry about?”
“Look at you, sitting there being all thin and mysterious,” Lestrade commented to Sherlock as he took a seat next to them.  “You look like the sodding Milk-Tray man.”
“I just don’t know how you’d find him,” Tyler said.  “There are no clear links.  I even wonder if Daniels didn’t know who it was himself. If that’s the case, it would be a stroke of genius.”
“John, my John.” Sherlock rapidly fluttered his eyelashes. “I beg, no, implore you to put your manly Omega penis into my bottom so I too can feel full of penile love.”
Fabian laughed.  “The pills are nothing,” he said.  “They’re like a few glasses of champagne. I give one to Tyler with my mouth. And I give some to people waiting to come in here earlier.  I drugged two policemen, they were so obvious.”
Sherlock grinned and dropped his pants.  He stood, naked and still for a moment. John took a shaky breath and exhaled. Sherlock followed the path of his gaze as it skimmed over pale skin, down his flushed chest to his engorged cock.
“You’re in a private part of the hospical, I mean, hospital.  It’s a private suite. Rosie and I have a room just through there.”
“Sorry for the delay, Mr Langridge,” Sherlock said.  “We just had to consult for moment.  Can we begin by you telling me how you came to know the victim?”
John made it to the door before Fabian pulled him back.  “You’re not decent, monsieur Watson.”  John pulled the condom from his cock with a snap and tied the end.  Fabian took it from him and John found his jeans.  He dressed, grabbed his jacket and opened the door.
“Any clients who didn’t take it well when you stopped?”  John frowned. There was one, wasn’t there, a man who didn’t take well to Simon or Jason’s retirement from hands-on sex-work?
Without a word, John handed over the soap. Sherlock put the bar down and washed John’s hair. He picked up the soap again after and washed him little by little. On the way, he discovered John liked to have Sherlock’s lips on the dusky bud of his arsehole and on the soft skin of his balls.
“Do me?” Sherlock asked, his mouth quirked back into a smile. He reached for the lube and squirted a good amount into his palm. “Eloquent as ever.”
Sherlock’s chair tipped and rolled across the floor when he threw himself towards John, who crawled forward enough for Sherlock to slot behind him. “Bedroom?” Sherlock asked.
John stroked Sherlock’s chest.  “It could be as simple as you’re more relaxed some days than others.”
“Fuck me, fuck me,” John whispered under his breath. He seemed oblivious to everything. He dragged the sheets off the bed, mussed his own hair and even bit his fingers. He looked wrecked and that made Sherlock feel good about what he was doing. John had come undone.
“This is a brothel, Mr Tyler, and most of the people here are customers just like you,” Sherlock said.  “I shouldn’t have to tell you that things like trafficking, money laundering, drug dealing and slavery are linked to prostitution and to brothels. Anyone, from the Marquês de Evora to ISIS could be linked to the men who work here. Therefore, you are in an environment in which you should be on your guard, not least because you could be found to be engaging in illegal activity yourself.  So, the question remains, did you check the bottle?”   Sherlock tilted his head.
“I dislike that word, Mr Holmes.  You can ask Dr Watson if I ever encouraged him to have sex with anyone here.  I simply rent rooms to gay gentlemen so they can entertain their friends.  We’re like any other gentleman’s club in that we charge a fee, in this case, that fee is an hourly one. It is entirely up to the men that work here what they do in the privacy of their rooms.   When I met Jason, he informed me that he was living on the streets and performing sexual favours in order to eat. I offered him a place to stay. Some of my boys live here, you know. Of course, since Simon and Jason met, they had their own flat. Others, like Fabian, consider this to be their home.”
“The massage oil?” Fabian handed Sherlock the bottle.  He slipped the cap and sniffed it. Fig and Orange blossom
“For now, I just want to fuck.” John’s words were clear, but his tone betrayed his need. “Then we’ll play. But I need you now.”
“And you moaned and said you were sore and didn’t want to. In your rules, you said that you wouldn’t be manhandled. So, I didn’t.”
The journey to the nearest NHS hospital wasn’t far but, predictably, Mycroft made it faster. They were driving as if there was little, if any, traffic on the congested London streets. It was obvious almost immediately, that this wasn’t a normal journey.
“That’s not what I asked.” John frowned and closed his eyes for a moment. He took a deep breath and opened his eyes, focusing once more on Sherlock. “I’m asking if you have any sexual or romantic attraction towards me.”
“God, yes, yes.” John bucked up into Sherlock’s hand and then back against the vibrator.    “More, more, please, more.”  Sherlock leant forward and guided the dripping head of John’s cock between his lips.  The salty bitterness spread on his tongue and he sucked hard.  “I’m almost there, love.”
"You're an attractive man, neat, charming. So if you get to a point where you want to live out your needs and not, as you put it, fuck around... ...well, I'd be more than happy to be at your service."
Over the years, he solved cases that my henchmen had committed on my behalf. My name had never been mentioned before, but it was annoying and it would happen sooner or later.
"To protect you. Imagine if Sherlock had seen through me. You could have justifiably said you knew nothing about who I was. But now I know Sherlock buys that I am John Watson, Military Surgeon A.D. and so there is no more danger. Besides," I flattered his ego, "I know you now and how shrewd and strong you are."
John jumped out of the car. Mrs Hudson was standing at the front door. She had her arms wrapped tightly around her and was sobbing. John rushed up to her and pulled her into a comforting embrace.
It was the case of the coloured dog. However, as I shone with some rather stupid remarks due to the reduced blood flow in my brain (my blood was apparently needed more urgently in other parts of my body), I did not publish this case in my blog.
Then he bent down and carefully put his arms around John. John seemed to feel the embrace. He let himself sink into it, not caring at all that it was only imaginary, and tried to breathe slowly.
And just like last time, the relieving news came shortly afterwards, so that he could inform Lestrade and he could arrange everything else. This time the square had to be closed off before my victim could be freed from the explosives.
Sherlock Holmes, so I knew (I had my sources ...) was, like me, not an easy person. But unlike me, he had never learned to act out social skills he did not possess. He was inconsiderate, selfish and annoying.
I let myself drift and ended up at the " Honeyblossom", a nice dance bar. It was there that I actually met someone, a woman.
This would mean that my organisation, whether for the competition or the law enforcers, would be open for the taking.
"Look, Sherlock, such a thing as archenemies .... do they even exist? Normal people don't have such things."
"Yes," I said, "but, Sherlock, we can take this slowly. I'm not going to pressure you into anything..."
A moment later, he was standing in our flat, hanging up his coat, running his hair down. Then he came over to me, and he was a little indecisive. He looked at me, bent over, kissed me and sat in the chair.
It felt like the moment before sex when a beautiful woman or man, I make no distinction, lolls in a bed in front of me. When he or she is ready to be fucked by me and experience the greatest ecstasy, not knowing that this brief togetherness will end with their death. Oh, how I love this ...
He was lost in his thoughts and the whole thing had apparently exhausted his mind a lot, anyway he fell asleep in that position.
Would he realise that the bomber and the killer were one and the same person? That he had therefore had his eye on him since then?
And his gaze rested on me with a certain intensity - if I hadn't known better, I would have thought he was jealous.
But no, "Sherlock" was still sitting there silently. With that smile, mouth agape, eyes flashing, that smile he had always had just for him, John.
He was not only a doctor, but also an army captain. He had served in Afghanistan and had medical missions there under the most difficult and stressful conditions. So he was quite capable of dealing with complicated situations and working successfully under great pressure.
I was afraid at that moment that he'd got in contact with someone who' had overwhelmed him and done things to him that he didn't want to do.
However, the brain did not quite allow him to be sent home for the day. It pestered him with a thought, but for a while it didn't want to surface.
"I have my eye on a flat in the city centre, together we should be able to afford it. We'll meet there tomorrow at 7 pm. So, now I have to go ... I left my riding crop in the pathology department."
And, the man who had died on the roof of the hospital, the alleged "Moriarty", had once been involved with her as "Jim from IT". Perhaps he had been with her until the end, acting as "Moriarty" on Molly's behalf.
How fortunate that at least he hadn't told her about "Sherlock", who had now turned out to be the real Sherlock.
It had all got worse and worse over the last few weeks, and the worst of it was that Molly hadn't the faintest idea who or what was behind it.
"I am fully aware that you did no such thing. You had no opportunity to do so because you were under our surveillance."
That was how far things had progressed and I was about to set about getting the flash drive from the brother when I noticed something that at first seemed disturbing:
"Indeed, Doctor... My brother approached me for advice and I discussed the various options with him."
Even a genius planner like me cannot completely predict the human factor, it will always remain a variable in any calculation.
Tears were streaming down John's face. They were tears of despair because he just didn't understand; tears of joy because Sherlock was back; tears of anger because he had been treated badly.
Well, Sherlock's brother couldn't tell me much new. He gave me the address of "Westie's" fiancée who had last seen him and a few insignificant details.
But at least John was beginning to find his way back to some sort of halfway functional everyday life.
Sherlock played poker, because even if they were well on their way, things didn't quite look like that yet.
Highly concentrated at work and yet I could see that his mind was scanning his surroundings very carefully. Mike, for example, but especially me, the stranger to him. This wide awake attention was ... yes ... sexy.
I enjoyed this moment, I was not in control of my mind and did not want to be; I felt heat and fever and yet I was as healthy in my soul as never before. I did  shiver and yet I did not freeze. I moaned, but not with pain.
"But ... But ...", John stammered. And then, for the second time that day, there came a moment when his mind could go no further and his senses faded.
He had waited with her until her sister had arrived to take her in for a while. Mrs Hudson did not want to stay in the house until the murderer was caught, who had after all managed to dump a body on the stairs in the house. John could understand that.
"But even if he were, I wouldn't be interested in him at all. I have you now after all, little one."
"You traded my death for the lives of my friends then. I went along with it. In pretence, I thought, but I realise now, of course, that the moment you decided to help me, you were also pulling strings to have me done in Serbia later. By the way, your people there are not worth their money. You should invest in better training... oh wait, you can't do that anymore."
My invented character shouldn't be an island. When you create something like that, you should get a good background story and also some few social contacts. That makes the whole thing more credible.
The previous assumption that all Moriarty knew about Sherlock had stemmed from what Mycroft had told Moriarty, albeit with the best of intentions, proved inadequate. Sherlock and Mycroft, while loving each other in their own twisted Holmesian way, were not very close. So that Mycroft could simply not have known many of the details of Sherlock's current life, surveillance or not.
The flat was a mess, and while I, as John Watson, looked a little startled when it turned out that all the junk lying around belonged to Sherlock, I was inwardly giggling.
He didn't want Mrs Hudson to be Moriarty. He had grown fond of this good old woman, he had trusted her, the only one in this whole mess.
"I want an explanation," he said. "For months I believed you were dead. I suffered like a dog. And then you just show up here, making me think you're just a figment of my brain ... okay, all right, you may not have known that. But... damn... still... I believed you were dead for so long! And when you were here with me, why didn't you talk to me?! Jesus, Sherlock, I thought I was going completely mad!"
Well, he realised, even though grief follows a similar pattern for most people, it is different for everyone.
He ran after Greg, jumping into the police car with him. They whizzed through the city and had an amazing green wave on the way to Baker Street. Maybe Mycroft had a hand in it? Well never mind, if that was the case, it would only suit him at the moment if it meant they arrived faster than would normally have been the case.
"Friend, ha. You've seen him act. How many friends do you think he has? No, I'm the closest thing Sherlock Holmes has to a friend. I'm his enemy. He'd probably call me his arch-enemy."
Then suddenly he pulled me close and squeezed me really hard. I had not expected such a loving, but at the same time possessive gesture and therefore I was completely surprised.
"Listen, honey," I said. "Tomorrow's Friday. I'm not on duty this weekend. so I'm going to go out tomorrow night and...have fun. With no dating site and no help from you. I'm doing it my way. Okay?"
"Well, Doctor, on the one hand, for you. Because there's no telling when or if Sherlock will ever develop an interest in sexual activity. And we know that you've been quite active in that area in the past."
He knew he saw the truth, he just knew it. It had to rip his heart to shreds and turn his mind into a kind of whirlwind, but he SAW it. And didn't doubt it.
Molly Moriarty did not fear death. She had faced it so many times and there had always been situations where she had narrowly escaped.
"Oh. Listen, Mycroft. Lestrade should be with you in a moment. See that you appease his anger, and then grab him and come here. I'm at Baker Street."
I rolled my eyes, but followed his advice and made myself a coffee. Then I sat down in my chair. The hot, steaming drink did me good.
He didn't lift a finger in our two-man household. The fact that we didn't suffocate in dirt and disorder was thanks to me. I tidied up a bit when I found time after my work at Sarah's surgery.
And there was someone I could think of who would be wonderful for it. I thought of Richard Brook, the young actor who was to portray "Moriarty" in the play I would be doing for Sherlock.
Then he called the old lady personally and explained what was going on, but without revealing Moriarty's identity.
"Well, while they were tearing each other apart, I got one of their underlings to let me go. And then Mycroft came. A little late, but in time to get me out of there and set fire to my prison. Mycroft's people later took the man who helped me and his family away from there. I can guess that the two idiots, after nearly killing each other, covered up my disappearance and would have let him take the fall for it. Now, he and his family are safe."
After all, it was he who had given Moriarty so much information about Sherlock. Surely he hadn't meant any harm, John didn't even want to accuse him of that. But in his ice-cold arrogance, the oh-so-smart Mr. Holmes had simply overlooked the possibilities he was putting into the hands of a master criminal like Moriarty. And when it was too late, Mycroft had not reacted quickly enough. He, who could plunge entire countries into ruin or save them from ruin, depending on how he had enjoyed his breakfast, had not been there for his brother at the crucial moment.
However, if you knew whose laptop it was and then looked specifically for it, you might find that it had a second, hidden access.
"Sherlock," he said, "I really and truly believed that you were just a figment of my imagination, a mirage hatched by my psyche because I couldn't properly process the grief. The fact that you always turned invisible when someone came to visit didn't make that any less likely."
I don't give a damn about them myself. They don't interest me because, quite simply, I am the centre of all being.
Aha, so he seemed to want to ask questions .... oh well. I would have to keep an eye on him not asking too many in future.
How ridiculous. I tried to imagine how a real John Watson would feel about this absurd situation. He would probably think Mycroft was something I claimed to be: a criminal mastermind.
Nevertheless. As Mycroft stood there in front of me, in his classy suit of first class quality and with his posturing, I felt that there were definitely factors that could make it difficult for me to go through with the role of John Watson professionally in front of everyone and could get me into serious trouble.
And to blackmail him with threats against someone close to him, as I had done with Stamford, he was too concerned about his own well-being and had too few intimate contacts with other people.
He had been clever about the whole thing. From his point of view, he couldn't lose in this situation.
"John," said Sherlock, "I see that contrary to your original intentions, you were not engaged in sexual activity last night."
John sighed. He longed for Sherlock's voice. Those few words he had thought he heard a few hours ago had seemed so real ... oh damn.
"John," she tried again. "Sherlock had asked me to help! After all, we all thought at the time that the guy he was meeting with here was Moriarty! Even Sherlock was convinced of that, otherwise he would never have... John, I understand that you're angry with me for not telling you, but... he had asked me, and ..."
Well, I wanted to have sex with him, yes. But, of course, I didn't want him to feel pressured. Just so that you don't misunderstand: I would never do that, I would give him and me all the time that it took and, as I said before, if necessary do without it completely.
But then I realised what was going on. Sherlock was desperate to get his hands on that flash drive and he wanted to prevent "John Watson" from finding it and handing it over to Mycroft without too much trouble.
He was back to normal personal hygiene. He shopped, he ate, he drank, he even cooked again sometimes, as he had always done for himself and Sherlock.
He hailed the taxi with a police badge and called himself "DI Lestrade". I grinned. From the looks of it, he had stolen a badge from Lestrade.
During the ride, I listened to the conversation. It was as I had predicted. The taxi man had by now confessed that he was responsible for the mysterious "suicides". Sherlock could have called the police or left at any time. But he didn't. He followed the killer because he wanted to know how he had done it.
"Sherlock, don't promise me anything, we'll let it all hang out, and you never have to go further than you want at any given moment."
At that moment the beep sounded, which indicated to my mobile phone that a text message had arrived.
For the next half hour his lips and hands pampered the naked skin of his upper body, so that I knew: I was going to have a date with the shower afterwards.
I closed my eyes and sent a quick prayer to heaven. Dear God, let me die. Now. Please. A classic heart attack? Or a nice little ruptured aneurysm? Please!
Anyway, in the meantime I had decided to make the "Moriarty" appearance much bigger to give Sherlock a real treat before I pushed him into the abyss.
Partly at the fact that he had offered to have sexual intercourse with me less than half an hour earlier...
Of course I knew where the flat was. Of course I did. But John Watson wouldn't know and he would definitely find such a thing problematic, so I huffed.
It worked, of course, and it wasn't long before we had the stick in hand, giving the brother two days to turn himself in. Ostensibly to ease his sister's pain. He was a cowardly dog. I was sure he would want to leave the country instead. He wouldn't make it, my people were already on to him and would get him out of the way inconspicuously.
Heavens, that had just been so many clues: my voice. Janus Cars. The criminal gets bored when Sherlock gets bored ... he had to come up with that!
"I simply underestimated how much I would miss you myself. And how much your presence would upset me. I was afraid of saying something I would regret later ... which would damage the respect you've always shown me, and with it the friendship that binds you and me. Because, John, you are my only true friend and to lose you ... oh God, that must sound like ridicule to your ears. I'm so sorry."
But there were only a few days left until the first, really big climax. That kept me going and so I survived rancid tasting grease, scratchy Isle Of Man jumpers and screeching TV voices.
Should never again feel as alone as he must have felt on the roof of the Bart, underground, in Serbia.
It was all so new to him, and he, who often dealt with feelings so objectively, was a bit overwhelmed, and therefore the tears.
My observers sent me the message, including photos and other evidence that he had a weakness, of course. To be more precise, a weakness and that was for a colleague. Her name was Donna McStabbins and she was a lecturer in medical law. Mike was in love with her, unhappily in love with her, because Donna was married and had two children.
Sherlock barely glanced at my little Richard. He was busy with his microscope - it looked like he had just made a discovery, because the message "match found" was flashing on the screen of the connected computer.
I decided to dissolve my organization and then rebuild it under a different name. Just start from scratch, because the thought alone felt exciting.
"John, it's not just that I've never had sex. It's also the fact that I've never felt any need for it and, well, I don't know if I'll ever need it."
Well, it's been that way for weeks now. Every couple of days, he goes off. I feel like shit about it.
"But I have no desire to share that with a stranger at this time. I enjoy our smooching and I can cope with it on my own. In the shower later... you know?"
The lines of communication no longer worked, and more than once Molly Moriarty had to intervene herself. She didn't like being exposed like this.
One, two, three, four, five ... Yes. In here, into the fifth office on the side facing the courtyard.
Just like ancient Rome, thought the brightest head in the criminal world. The emperor had passed his sentence.
John had just been about to take a sip of tea when he grasped this thought and also the thought that forced itself upon him as a consequence.
As I've told you before, Sherlock had erased all the data on our solar system. It was not important, he had said.
Phone to the ear, the criminal genius pulled a few strings and commissioned a few things and now it was only a matter of hours before John would trip over his own feet and, more importantly, his own incompetence.
I came home from work to be greeted with the words "Tea!". Assuming he would offer me some, I had answered "Yes, please!" the first time, only to be hit with, "Earl Grey. Two sugars."
Sherlock's curiosity was piqued and it was certain that he would now follow this trail like a bloodhound.
The host, Angelo, handed us the cards. "Here, if you are hungry. Sherlock, dinner's on the house, as usual, for you and your date."
It was the first time that he caught my attention on the one hand and became annoying on the other, because he ran to the police and told them what had happened. He just knew.
Well, the fact that she only saw "John Watson" and didn't look behind the façade was, after all, what I wanted. And, well, I played perfectly. But that she didn't even see the background of "John Watson's" trauma, well, really. I thought about letting her learn some frightening things about her own psyche in a few lonely and agonising hours ...  Sometimes I like to indulge in such fantasies.
On the other hand, Sherlock was an equal opponent, Moriarty had thought, and it was not uninteresting that the game they were playing with each other would now go a little further after all. After all, boredom was a big problem, and it didn't get boring with Sherlock.
There at the back, a few metres away from him, at the other end of the carriage, stood a slim figure in a long, elegant coat. A Belstaff. The back of a head above it, wrapped in a mop of wild, black curls.
Never in her life had she actually been in the situation where she had to ask herself this question without having at least three good answers.
Richard helped me slip into an explosive waistcoat. Exactly like the one my unwilling models had worn before. It was real, because it could not be ruled out that at the end of the night it would end up in the hands of the police, or at least in Sherlock's hands. Therefore it could not be a fake. It did, however, have a minimal miswiring at a crucial point, which acted like a manufacturing defect and ensured that the waistcoat would not easily go off.
Whether the feelings that lived inside him, though he still denied them, would override his razor-sharp mind.
So perhaps it would be better to let him believe that I would get what he could not (yet) give me elsewhere with his consent, and so take the pressure off him.
It were the first tears since Sherlock's death. Until today he had not been able to cry, desperation had enveloped him so much that he felt as if he had died.
"Then you showed me how beautiful sexual acts can be between you and me. You stayed at home for a while. But I was convinced that this would not be enough for you in the long run and you would start again. And so I decided to find myself someone who could teach me what to do to make a man like you happy."
And the one time in the middle of the night when he had thought he felt Sherlock's arms around him ... had probably been real too.
But the heavens had no understanding, I stayed alive, and I thought to myself once again: Oh, fuck it, it makes no difference anymore.
I always made it clear from the outset to potential acquaintances what my intentions were and what I wasn't doing. Nevertheless, there was this young guy who did not want to understand that I did not want to have sex with him. He became pushy and was thrown out of the club.
Mike led me through the entrance into the teaching wing of the hospital and led me through some corridors and hallways.
Maybe ... well, maybe he should see his psychologist again ... not that he really thought it would do him much good.
Sherlock was gone and Lestrade was mad that he had left again without telling anyone. So he left with his men, grumbling and bitching that Sherlock should get along on his own.
Thirdly, we seemed to be on the right track. Well, then... So go on then, cuddle and kiss, and well, looks like the right way to take the pressure off Sherlock was to pretend to date other people...
Playing with John Watson like a cat with a mouse, letting him escape again and again, and then in the end, when he was already exhausted from all the chasing, finally tearing him apart between one' own claws.
He frowned a little as he took the first sip. The stuff tasted every bit as horrible as you'd imagine. Despite the milk and sugar. John was actually more of a tea drinker, and he valued high-quality varieties. But tea from a vending machine was even worse, you might as well drink dishwater, so that was out of the question. And the coffee would at least keep him awake.
While Sherlock was still in the middle of the investigation, I had my explosives model call again. Richard had received appropriate instructions from me via text message.
Well, that's true. I'm not gay, I'm bisexual. Nonetheless, I realize that I implied that I wasn't interested in men by saying that.
For Sherlock, on the other hand, boredom was still the big problem in his life. If DI Lestrade didn't have a case at the moment and no private client with a reasonably interesting problem came to our flat, he was downright unbearable.
"And I," John said, "will accompany Sherlock. I've just found him again, and I won't allow myself to be separated from him again straight away."
Of course, her first thought had been, "Sherlock!" But that couldn't be. He had died, her people in Serbia had done a great job. No one would oppose her ordering someone's death. No one. She was sure of that ... well, technically.
Sure these things had been mentioned in passing in his studies, but not enough for him to really know about them. So he set about refreshing his knowledge.
"The bravery of the soldier. Bravery is by far the nicest euphemism for stupidity, don't you think?"
I raised my upper body slightly so that I made it easier for him and the shirt landed in the corner.
She was amazingly composed and Lestrade was sure she would play her part perfectly. Behind that delicate, fragile exterior was a really tough lady, and he didn't worry for a second that it would fail because of her. It wouldn't.
John stood in his bedroom and packed his bag. He did it purposefully and systematically, as he was used to doing in his military days. Clothes edge to edge, space optimally utilised. He smiled as he thought about the fact that he would probably have to pack for Sherlock as well. Because he would either not even think about such a thing (he was probably still sitting on the sofa in that extremely elegant thinker's pose), or he would throw random stuff into a bag and forget everything important.
When there were visitors, "Sherlock" was not here. Well, that was logical, because then John's psyche was busy with reality and had no time for their "follies." But as soon as he was alone again, "Sherlock" would reappear and sit with him.
Together with Lestrade, he looked at the crime scene. Fortunately, neither Donovan nor Anderson were on the scene, because John could not vouch for the fact that he had not also taken on Sherlock's legacy as far as the insults of these two were concerned. So he could concentrate on the body and the crime.
"I suggest, Dr Watson, that we first treat ourselves to these delicious meals. The food in this establishment is of the highest quality, and it would be a sin not to give it the attention it deserves. "
He was sorry, Sherlock had said. And he'd said it several times today. John swallowed. Before the jump from the roof, that hadn't happened, Sherlock hadn't apologised to John once.
He looked at me with big eyes, and you could tell he was trying to judge me, to deduce what I was really thinking. But apparently he couldn't. In this regard I was an exception, because there were always situations where he did not succeed with me. That was one of the things that had made me special to him from the beginning.
"Don't worry, Molly. I'll manage all right. There may not be a criminal as brilliant as you, but there's still enough to keep me from getting bored."
"My reputation? Well, it may surprise you, Sherlock, but I don't place any value in continuing to live the life of that silly little pathologist Molly."
"All right, I won't touch you if you don't want me to," John said, becoming acutely aware once again of what he was doing here: he was talking to someone who couldn't actually be here, who was dead after all ...
Sherlock had already got very close to Moriarty once, too close. That was the reason why Moriarty had manipulated everyone so that Sherlock ended up dead. A pity really, because Moriarty had had a bit of a soft spot for Sherlock....
"John, what if Moriarty ... just sacrifices us? I mean, what are we to him. Pawns in his game. What if he blows us all up along with Sherlock?"
He only half felt Mike come into the bathroom and spoke to him in a friendly, reassuring way and brought him into the living room and onto the sofa. How he covered him up and stayed with him until somehow John fell asleep, probably from exhaustion.
But to stand there for all the world as defeated. As the one who had mouthed off and was ultimately hunted down by Sherlock Holmes, the ingenious detective.
"You don't look scary," I replied. It was a fascinating game. Every second I had to re-evaluate how I wanted to present myself to him. How I was going to make him see in me what I wanted him to see.
Most people who deal with me think it means Jim. That's not entirely wrong, since Jim is a nickname from my youth. I like it, so I kept it.
They actually seemed to think she was Moriarty. Molly couldn't help but giggle at the thought. John had actually done her an invaluable service. How could he have come up with such an idea! And everyone else seemed to fall for this false scent as well! Wonderful!
What I was in the mood for that afternoon, however, was a small, young hooker I picked up in a lonely spot in an industrial area without surveillance cameras, whose body Lestrade's men fished out of the Thames the next morning.
Who could have guessed back then that one day the unassuming John Watson would be much closer on the heels of the criminal genius ...
It appeared that it had been a mistake to underestimate Watson. He did seem to be capable of more than fetching Sherlock's sticks.
"I'm sure you will, that would be a tough one on your ego. And that's exactly why I'm asking myself the question. How do I know you'll actually do it? That, assuming I actually jumped, you wouldn't boast about beating me afterwards, in front of the press and the whole world?"
I held back and gave a few awkward things that "John Watson" would have picked out of his shoes. So almost nothing.
Then there was the acquaintance from Sherlock's circle who was to introduce me to Sherlock as an old friend.
A few times he had held the old army gun in his hands, the gun with which he had shot a serial killer in the first twenty-four hours of their acquaintance in order to save Sherlock.
Well, a direct shot into the plastic explosive would certainly be different ...  But that wouldn't happen, because my sniper would be careful and Sherlock ... well, he might have got hold of my army weapon. But I would know how to stop him from doing anything stupid.
A few lumps could be thrown at John's feet and he could be led on one false trail after another. It would be an easy thing to do, because John was anything but a genius. He was nowhere near Sherlock or even Moriarty. He would stumble blindly after the crumbs laid out for him and fall into any trap set for him.
I had placed a mobile phone in the envelope that looked strikingly similar to the one from the taxi driver case.
So I took my laptop and opened the hidden access point through which I could access my virtual drive and use the Darknet.
John didn't really care about anything else right now, to be honest. Even Moriarty and all the criminals in the world.
At this point the last date with myself in the shower had been a few days ago. I always need a certain calmness and a relaxed frame of mind. But the last days had been rather stressful. My job is not always easy, and one of Lestrade's cases had me and Sherlock rushing all over London. It had been a case of the deadly jump from the edge of the carpet. It was quite interesting, but there were some high-profile people involved, so I'm not allowed to publish it on my blog.
Yes, that really sounds arrogant. No, it is arrogant, but, ha, arrogance has to be earned and I earn it. I am the best, so who else but me has the right to be arrogant?
I was like, "Come on, life, it's fine the way it is, let's run with it and then get even better, yeah?"
Once again John thought of the army gun. It would be so simple. Just a moment, one shot, and it would all be over.
I needed a therapist for John's trauma. I would eventually return from the foreign assignment and actually have to see a therapist for a few weeks, if only by necessity.
The next morning I came down to the living room late, tired and hungover. Sherlock was sitting on the sofa again (or still?), busy with my laptop.
Sherlock quickly found out that the butler who lived in the house with her and her brother was responsible for her death and also closed this case in the time he was given.
We rushed through the front door and leaned against the wall, breathing heavily, to get some air first.
He didn't care. He didn't want to change it, and secretly he dreaded the day when he would have to face the facts and also give up "Sherlock", now that he had already lost Sherlock. And so he blocked out these thoughts as best he could and simply enjoyed it as it was.
After all, this was a matter that had bound us together for ages. A crime I had committed. Which no one had recognised as such, not even the police. Pah, especially not the police. Only him.
He couldn't, because every time he decided to use the gun, he saw Sherlock in his mind's eye, looking at him with those raised eyebrows and saying:
"John, Molly couldn't have known anything about this by human standards. If she did, it can only mean one thing."
But I myself was speechless. But then I nodded violently and said, "Yes, Sherlock, I would like that very much. I'm very happy to do it."
And today, for the first time, Richard had played Moriarty on the stage I had created. Albeit only on the phone.
People read this blog and that is how I made sure that Sherlock became more and more famous, actually against his will.
Sherlock argued loudly with Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson. He defended the fact that he had no drugs in the flat. He also defended the fact that the victim's suitcase was in the flat. It was noisy and heated and eventually Lestrade told his men to stop the search.
But that would have been totally absurd, after all he pushed me into this situation with his teeth and nails.
John did indeed look terrible, pale, deranged and with a facial expression that did not bode well. He seemed to be completely out of it, almost ran over an old lady, ran in front of a car and it was only thanks to the quick reaction of the driver that nothing had happened ...
Molly entered the hospital through a side entrance. It led through the rooms she was so familiar with, the long corridor from which one entered the laboratories, the cooling facilities and, precisely, the pathology department.
Her supposed infatuation with Sherlock had also explained why she had become so close to the two men ...
"Well, Sherlock," I said. "I'm not exactly thrilled that you discuss such matters with your brother. I'd like it that, in future, for matters concerning our partnership, I were to be your first person to talk to, agreed?"
If only she knew where he was. Then she could send one of her best agents after him. Mary Morstan was good at what she did, and she would certainly have coaxed a lot of secrets out of John, too.
"However..." I purred into his ear, "if you wish, I can come back this evening and examine you in more detail. You definitely don't need a heart specialist. I am, of course, the specialist when it comes to your heart."
“No rush, Sherlock,” John said. “You might be sore in the morning. The warm water will be good for your muscles.”
“You see, John, Sherlock is so unworldly in some ways.  He cannot, however, fail to notice that you favour boys who look like him. He might think that you have designs on him, don’t you see?  I really wouldn’t like him to be hurt.”
“Langridge’s, of course. You may take a break from the laundering case, unless you’ve managed to connect it to the Marquês de Evora
John’s teeth grazed Sherlock’s lower lip then sucked the swollen flesh as he came in hot splashes between their bodies. Immediately, Sherlock’s fingers were in the mess, smearing it over his belly and his chest. But John plucked one hand from the wetness and looked at the white glossy coating.
The plan was good. Workable. John hated it. Just the thought of being back at Langridge’s made him feel uncomfortable. In his mind, Sherlock was somewhat innocent in the ways of sex. For John to get steamy with Sherlock in a brothel seemed wrong, like he was going to take a nun to a strip club. John really shouldn’t think about Sherlock like a nun, he realised, especially since his enthusiasm for sex reduced John’s control to ashes.
After a few hours, John needed a break from the screen and stood to look out of the window down on Baker Street below.  He wasn’t sure what caught his eye, but if the military and Sherlock taught him anything, it was never to ignore a half-glimpse of danger.  The half-glimpse was a projectile and John immediately dropped to the floor where he was showered by a cascade of falling glass.
“But what does that mean?” Sherlock threw his hands up, even as John shoved a cushion beneath his hips. “Really? Dear person-I-love, please penetrate me in a manner consistent with reproductive intercourse, even though I, as an Alpha, am not able to get pregnant. Therefore, this merely parodies reproductive intercourse, though, since I have a prostate gland protruding into my anal canal, I can get pleasure from this and, of course, it symbolically means that I see myself not as your superior, but as your equal, as you are mine. So, by all means, if that’s what you wish to say, make love to me, John.”
“Before you say anything,” Mycroft said in a more conciliatory tone, his eyes focused on Lestrade, “let me explain.   The Home Secretary will demand to be kept up to date. With no intended insult, Detective Inspector, she’s my class and I know how to deal with her.  She’ll infuriate you.  Not only that, but there is the minor issue that you didn’t pass this operation over to Vice or to Organised Crime.  If I take this off your hands now, I can ensure you don’t end up in substantial trouble from your superiors.”
“John, I need to discuss something with you before we meet Lestrade,” Sherlock said.  John nodded. His anxiety about what Sherlock called the ‘blackout sting’ returned full force.
Sherlock slicked his arse with perfunctory swipes and stood braced against the wall, one hand either side of his bedroom mirror. “John,” he said.
“I leave you now,” Jacob said. “You get up and go in your room and leave the bed out ‘ere. I’ll take it back upstairs. Remember your clothes and ‘ave a pleasant…” Jacob looked at his watch. “Mornin’.”
Mary had gone shopping on the morning of John’s heat, and when she returned he was in its full throes. She’d found John in the bedroom, on all fours, his Alpha dildo already inside him as he frantically tried to satiate his aroused body. John hadn’t seen the paper shopping bag until it crinkled when Mary sat down.
“I, er, did a lot of drugs.” Sherlock felt his face colour. “It’s a bit hard to know what I did or didn’t do.”
Sherlock shook his head.  “It’s fine.  You’ve gone through a lot and I don’t know what I’m doing, so…”
“Sore,” Sherlock replied. “Fuzzy.” He took a deep breath. “Your heat!” Sherlock’s eyes opened comically wide and, in the spirit of spreading calm, John put a hand on his chest.
“This looks a bit, well, expensive,” John said as he looked at the box. “Especially for something that’ going up my arse.”
“No, no, no.” As the words had left John’s mouth, Mary had dropped the fake cock. She’d misunderstood his cries.
“Rough night, lads?” Lestrade stood and greeted them as Sherlock and John walked into his office at New Scotland Yard.   “I thought the train thing happened earlier in the day.”
“Mycroft told her I’d had unprotected sex with an Omega.” John helped Sherlock out of the bath. “Of course, she deduced it was you. Wanted to know when you were going to have a pregnancy test.”
In the central area, under torchlight, the sex swing was clear.  It was a hammock suspended from thick wire cords strung from the ceiling towards the back of the room. Around the sides were curved couches upholstered in visibly wipe-clean fabric.
“I thought that until I looked him up last night. Did you know that Mark Tyler is married to Lesley Shaw, the woman who owns Larkins?”
John didn’t have the strength to panic. He looked at Sherlock, who blushed a little, nodded and pulled Rosie closer to his chest as he climbed aboard.
John shivered a little.  His pants didn’t offer much warmth.  Sherlock’s rested his hand on his knee and he shifted a little closer.   John barely held back a whimper. All that Sherlock flesh on show and he wasn’t in a position to ogle. Colin, John’s disguise, had been with Aaron for years.  ‘Aaron’s’ arse was nothing special to ‘Colin’.  Damn him.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered as John pulled at his belt.  “John, my John.”  The front of his pants were damp with precome.  He couldn’t coordinate his thoughts enough to be embarrassed and
Mycroft looked at the paper and discovered it was a list of equipment for the drugs bust.  He folded and slipped it into his pocket.  “I’ll deliver it to Baker Street myself on Thursday afternoon.”
“She’s only a child, John,” Mycroft said. “I have it on good authority that many people manage to have children and relationships with other people. I believe Harris has a child, a wife, a job and several friends.”
“Sounds tedious,” Sherlock remarked.  It was a lie. His brother had clearly been very busy indeed and Sherlock was beyond grateful.
“Then I daresay you would then do much as you did this evening and…” Sherlock stopped. John shook his head. “No?”
Sherlock entered the shop holding John’s hand.  He grinned and giggled at Lesley.  “Hi,” he said. “My name’s Noel and this is my partner, Joseph. We’re engaged!”  He grinned and kissed the tip of John’s nose.  “Love you.” He turned back to Lesley.  “We’ve come to see whether you do man-hats and also to have a look at some hats for our mums. If we don’t buy them, they’ll go into hatmageddon and try to outdo each other.”
John looked over his shoulder at Sherlock. “I need to stop this line of thought before you treat me like I’m a sodding water balloon for you to investigate.”
Sherlock paced around the house and only stopped when they reached Tyler’s office. Here, at least, it was obvious that Mark Tyler lived a lie.  There was a painting of a naked man on one wall and the screensaver on his computer which scrolled through various pornographic images that depicted men having sex with one another.  Before the police took it, Sherlock hacked into the PC with ridiculous ease.   He looked at a handful of files, began to print and instructed John to go through the bookshelf opposite the desk.
Sherlock lowered his head and watched his fingers penetrate John’s body. He knew that nothing would quench John’s need until Sherlock pushed in his cock, knotted him and they both came. But the scientist in Sherlock was fascinated. He curled his thumb into the crease of his palm as he pressed in and the adjustment made John hiss.
.” He took a long drink of the juice. “It’s a health centre for perverts. How do we know they’re not filming us, or something?” He walked over to the bed and sat primly on the edge.
“What’s wrong?” Sherlock scanned John’s appearance for clues. He was dressed in jeans and a light jumper, was newly showered, smelt delicious, and he looked quite wonderful. His calm demeanour was, however, forced. John turned and started to make tea.
Prior to John and Rosie moving in, Sherlock had had his final encounter with the stranger from Grindr. Unlike his previous hook-ups, he’d invited Ian Lincoln to Baker Street. Why this one? Well, Mr Lincoln had blond hair, was shorter than Sherlock, and had formerly been a soldier.
“It’s what we do,” Lestrade said afterwards.  “We need to see the blackout room.  John knows where it is. Do you mind if we go up?”
At the far end of the room was a fire exit.  The door opened onto an external stair case that ran down the back of the building into the back yard.  There were also two doors that led to long thin rooms. On one side was a corridor.
"Andrew West," he said, "an employee of the Ministry of Defence. He was found with his skull crushed on the tracks at Battersea Station. Now that's nothing that doesn't happen now and again. But West, known as Westie to his friends, had a USB stick with him and on it were plans for a new missile defence system, the so-called Bruce-Partington programme. Well, it's gone now. And we can't possibly risk it falling into the wrong hands."
First there was Molly Hooper, the young pathologist who was head over heels in love with Sherlock. Poor, silly girl.
Mike responded sheepishly. He didn't feel comfortable in his skin about the whole situation. Thank God Sherlock wasn't paying attention to him right now. He was focused on what he was doing ... and on me.
If Sherlock wasn't a figment of his imagination, it meant that all the things he'd thought he was imagining had really happened: Sherlock was here, Sherlock had drunk the tea he'd brewed for him himself, eaten the sandwiches he'd made for him himself.
"John, I have felt something that after thorough research I can classify as jealousy. I didn't realize before that your actions, or actions I had assumed, could trigger something like that in me. But they did. And I came very close to asking you to stop. But then I thought, you do have your needs, and I had no right to keep them from you. So I just stuck it out. But I hated it. And then I..."
I had just poured myself a scotch and decided to get drunk when I heard the front door rattle. Footsteps sounded on our stairs. Sherlock's footsteps.
"I don't know, John, this is all so new to me... You've got to take me by the hand and teach me these things."
And I could command my henchmen and pull my strings from a tent camp in the desert in Iraq. Modern means of communication made it possible.
I knew exactly where I was, after all I know London like the back of my hand. Even though I work internationally, London is my headquarters and I know my way around.
He thought back and forth about how to begin and was grateful that he had a few more minutes because Molly was bustling around in the kitchen making tea.
"Well," he said, "he's ... special ... You'll see. Perhaps ... yes that's possible ... maybe the job is from his brother. He's always complaining that he's controlling him far too much."
And yes, they were very sorry, but they had a duty to inform the public, they could not be blamed for that, freedom of the press ...
I stumbled up the stairs. Sherlock was sitting on the sofa, working on the laptop. Mine, as I realised, despite the fog in my head. Anyway...
"My 'death' became known in the criminal circles. Outside the network, only Mycroft might have known. And he, of course, was the only one who knew that I had, in fact, survived it."
John was horrified by the fact, and deep inside him still lurked a little bit of fear that he himself had been responsible for it.
He hung up his jacket, slipped his shoes off his feet and went to the sofa. Then he sat down, grabbed one of the cushions and hugged it tightly. He just needed something to hold onto now. Then he rested his head on the cushion and closed his eyes.
Behind me I could still hear people shouting, and shortly afterwards the sirens of the police and fire brigade could be heard all around me ... I was still grinning to myself.
After the plates were cleared and Mycroft poured tea for both of us, he folded his hands, as his brother always did, looked at me and asked:
This laptop ... who wouldn't give their last penny to get their hands on this little thing. Moriarty's laptop.
Several times I was the victim of strange experiments and of strange substances that he stirred into my tea.
The corpse was Moriarty's latest victim. A leading head from a criminal organisation that had presumed to want to take over some business fields that had belonged to Moriarty's people for so long. Pah, what hubris! No one interfered in Moriarty's business.
"I've made up my mind, Sherlock. But before I tell you my decision, I want to know one more thing: How did you escape my people in Serbia?"
Sherlock, however ... John still wasn't exactly sure if it was Sherlock or "Sherlock" ... knelt on the floor in front of the sofa and held John's hands.
John felt comfortable in "Sherlock's" presence. The daily routine that was settling in was pleasant. When John left the house in the morning, „Sherlock“ stood by the flat door with curls tousled by sleep and saw him off with a smile.
John was still trembling with anger and grief at the door of the Baker Street flat. How relieved he was that Mrs. Hudson was not here. He simply would not have known how to face her. His suspicion of her was almost killing him and he felt awful.
So I decided to go all out and ask Sherlock directly while chowing down on some pretty crappy fried noodles with chicken (if I'd been here as myself, I would have boiled the chef in his own wok in hot oil).
Sherlock would figure it out, I was sure, and he would also find a way to contact "the murderer" he didn't yet know was Moriarty, I thought.
I used the time until the next evening to bring myself up to date with the activities of "The Taxi Driver".
Again, he saw exactly what he was supposed to see. Oh, it was so easy to fool him when you knew his way of thinking. The little details that other people didn't see and from which he drew his conclusions - you didn't have to do anything more than artificially create such details in conclusive context ... and you had him where you wanted him.
At the moment, however, she was a capable and willing tool. In other words, exactly what I needed to move purposefully towards the climax I had planned.
Why did the plans he had worked out so carefully with Sherlock, even before the latter had jumped off the roof of the Bart, not seem to be working?
She was a horrible woman who was something of a television star. Oh my God, I didn't understand and still can't understand how anyone could admire something so superficial and enervating.
"And if I ever get hold of Greg and Mycroft again, I will rip them both apart. They may have had good experiences in an open relationship, but you and I are very different,"
He entered his living room, went to the armchair that had always been "his armchair", ever since he had lived here.
"But John, I can sense that you feel the need to... no, the desire for sexual activity," he said, and these words from his mouth did not necessarily make the problem any smaller.
"It was strange... and yet... it aroused interesting sensations not unlike the ones I get when you and I are pleasuring each other..."
The van had the advertising of a non-existent soap, paper towel and disinfectant company. Such a van would not be very conspicuous at the back entrance of a swimming pool.
"John, if this is about Sherlock ... I'm so terribly sorry! But you wouldn't let me tell you! He didn't want me to, and ..."
The flat looked like a battlefield. The explosion that had happened across the street, which at this point was still thought to be an accidental gas leak, had affected it quite badly, as planned.
It would have been a wonderful irony to have the hired murderer drive me home ... Imagine if he chose me, Moriarty, as his next victim ... it could easily happen because he had no idea who I was and didn't know my face. And with my harmless appearance and my limp, I would certainly be an easy victim in his eyes.
Well, maybe John should be sent some pictures of that ... Moriarty grinned wickedly. 'Yes, that would be a good idea, wouldn't it?
So I decided to actually go to the Middle East for half a year. I was able to combine this with some assignments, because of course my business is international.
"I understand that the situation is different with you two. No question. But, John, I agree with Myke. Right now it's probably for the best of both of you. Sherlock can take it easy and you've got all the options.“
Richard, the little beast! Just to have him call on one of the Yard's work phones! I cringed inwardly, while looking expectedly serious as John Watson.
In the initial phase, in the phase of shock, of not understanding, it can happen that the mourner thinks he sees the deceased, in a crowd of people, at the other end of a street; in exceptional cases he even sees him standing in front of him and talks to him.
Because I wanted to ingratiate myself with our landlady, Mrs. Hudson - after all, that was part of the whole John Watson package - I had often been forced to watch television with her over tea. There was a lot of unspeakable nastiness flickering across the screen. But this awful person, Connie Prince, and her horrible show were more than I could bear.
"Mycroft, Lestrade, half the Yard, half the Secret Service. By now, all the relevant agencies should know."
"So," John said, "we have a criminal to catch. And I think I'm going to .... for you, well for me ... just recap everything I've found out. That will certainly help get all the facts in order."
His deflowering would not be done by me, his partner in life, who loved him dearly! It would be through some stranger!
The whole thing was not cheap and worked via high life insurance policies that had to be taken out in time to then be able to "die in peace" and pay me with the insurance sum paid out.
I would have to repeat such a weekend with him once in a while. Well, have to was perhaps the wrong word. I thoroughly enjoyed it with the little one.
Yes, it was clear now that this voice was imaginary, because Sherlock, who had sometimes not eaten or slept for days in order to, as he said, think better, would not say such a thing.
"Molly, look at it this way. We're saving your reputation as a master criminal. If you jump, then Molly jumped to her death, the, and I quote, stupid little pathologist. She couldn't bear the pain of losing her secret love, because officially I'm still dead. And Moriarty lives on. Moriarty may have retired, you won't hear of any new crimes, but the world will believe he lives on and was never defeated."
The letter would contain photos of his beloved and her family, photos also in very familiar, even intimate situations, which made it clear that his secret employer always knew exactly where the people concerned were and what they were doing.
What, John was staggered by this audacity. This beast was trying to make him out to be a traitor! His gaze went to Sherlock, and to his bottomless relief he saw Sherlock wink at him.
I am of the opinion that only if you plan something perfectly and determine even the smallest details in advance, then you are able to react flexibly to changing circumstances and, if necessary, modify these details in such a way that the overall process is not disturbed and the desired end result is still achieved.
Perhaps he should turn to Mycroft? As much as he was still angry and pissed at him. But surely Mycroft wouldn't hesitate to get him a good therapist. And someone Mycroft recommended would definitely, firstly, know his stuff and actually be able to help him, and secondly, be discreet. One could be sure of that.
The day it started was a day when he did the most stupid things out of boredom. I had been slowing down my subordinates for the last few weeks, so there had been quite little for him to do.
Surely Mycroft Holmes would get involved in the investigation. After all, he had close contacts to the secret service and thus had technology and manpower at his disposal and a lot of clever tactical moves could certainly be expected from him. He was more of a hurdle. But in the end, even he would fail because of Moriarty's superior cleverness. No one had yet succeeded in unmasking the head of the largest and most far-flung criminal organisation, and neither would the elder Holmes.
"In view of the fact that we're sort of brothers-in-law now, I think it would be appropriate if you called me John."
And now here he was, sitting in the taxi, driving around town with me listening to him, fascinated, as he unravelled the whole case.
"It means, my dear Dr Watson, that I too think you should take up the investigation. You worked with Sherlock for a long time, learned a lot from him along the way. And where my brother was only the head, you are the heart. You see things from a more life-like perspective."
"Yes, John," he breathed. Speaking loudly and clearly was beyond him after the orgasms I had given him in the last few hours.
"Yeah, you heard me right, John and I are busy. Masturbating to each other. Maybe I can convince John to fellatio... Hey, you asked!"
She could be locked up, yes. But then what? Her ability to manipulate was well known. And if there was nothing left for her, no way to reach out and pull strings, to blackmail, to threaten ... then she would seduce her jailers as Lady de Winter had once done and so escape again in the end.
"Sherlock" had denied that quite vigorously and actually John didn't believe it himself either, because didn't what was happening to him and his psyche right now show that there was too much loyalty in him rather than too little?
I already picked up my gun. An army weapon, such as Captain Watson (ret.) should perhaps no longer own, but still did.
"However, with Lestrade's help, I think my brother has gradually become more open-minded. In fact, Mycroft is about to discover the joys of the whip..."
"Well, it happens that I play the violin in the middle of the night when I need to think and don't talk for days. Members of a shared flat should know the worst about each other, don't you think?"
Once again, Molly Moriarty, a highly intelligent master criminal, summoned up all her self-confidence.
The only question was, now that he knew about the difficulties of his own personal grieving ... would he cope or would it all get worse?
The open relationship... oh my God, how I've cursed those two words! ... had been thought of so that I could seek my pleasure outside of Baker Street, but there was never any mention of Sherlock! Anyway, until a few weeks ago he had had no interest in these things whatsoever...
John was such a kind-hearted man, and he was a doctor because he wanted to save lives, not take them. It hadn't been easy to get his approval, and Sherlock was aware that he hadn't really convinced him. Of the necessity, perhaps, but not of the rightness.
And I kind of wanted him to ... but then again I didn't ... this game with fire was just what fascinated me.
Nevertheless, it was in my interest, because I wanted this stick and I would get it. Sherlock would get it for me.
I had been approached by several foreign powers with the task of obtaining these plans. So far I had not been able to find any approach, any weakness.
"Sherlock, your IT skills are as good as our best experts. Therefore, you will work from my house, where you will find all the technology you need. That way we can also keep your resurrection a secret for now."
"As you can see," Sherlock said calmly. "Now do us all a favour and don't try to play your strange masquerade on me. Moriarty."
Measuring time and yet without the slightest chance of changing anything about time itself, about its pain, sorrow, hatred or anger.
I had been living in London for a few weeks now and had moved into a small furnished flat, which was cheap but still too expensive for the meagre income of a former Army doctor. This Army income was an excellent argument that I, "John Watson", was also looking for a flatmate.
Had it even been a good idea to come here? After all, Sherlock's death had taken a lot out of Molly too. She had loved him, as had John, except that she had confessed it to him. John had never had the courage to do that.
I had never got down on my knees in front of one of my sex objects, nor had I ever orally pleasured anyone.  The little guy had no idea what a privilege he was enjoying here.
"If you remember correctly, Dr Watson, I said I allow almost no emotion. There is one exception in my life. And that exception is Gregory. My fiance.“
When I also left the club later that evening, he was standing outside with a couple of friends and was trying to get at me.
Something about the whole thing wouldn't let him go. There was something he was supposed to see, but it wouldn't penetrate his consciousness.
Sure, this was Moriarty, the woman who had taken so many other lives. Who had caused so much unspeakable suffering. The woman who had committed so many crimes.
And since Sherlock had now gone down the path of sexual activity together with me, there was, in my opinion, no longer any need for it.
Both Mrs Hudson, who had doubted that we needed a second bedroom, and Angelo seemed to take it for granted that I was Sherlock's date. They seemed to believe, or rather know, that he was gay or at least not averse to the male sex. After all, we know that there is much more to human sexuality than black and white.
"Mycroft informed me that you had taken up the cause. And that, amazingly, with your simple but practical way of thinking, you were making good progress and finding new approaches."
That was the moment when his gaze fell on me. I was standing here on the edge of the action and had put on my most innocent look.
Everything went very well, just too well. It was... boring, because there were no challenges, no thrills.
When we sat on the sofa in the evening to watch a film, I often didn't really notice anything on the screen, because we cuddled, stroked and kissed all the time.
Sherlock paced back and forth, shouting his thoughts into the room. He shouted at Anderson that his face was bothering him. He was insulting me, John Watson.... never mind, John would develop a thick skin about that.
He would have been lost without Mrs Hudson, who one day couldn't bear to watch it and called Mike Stamford.
And also prevented Sherlock from finding out which capsule was the right one. And that caused me a thrilling pleasure. Teasing Sherlock's mind, flooding it with adrenaline and then denying him the fulfilment of his thirst for knowledge at the last moment.
Mycroft seemed to have pulled a few strings, because when John spoke to Lestrade about his plan, he too was accommodating, and, what was even more in favour of Mycroft's interference, his superiors did not object either.
"Actually, I was planning to make breakfast for you, John. But I'm afraid I might have damaged dishes, spoiled food, set off the fire alarm and panicked Mrs Hudson."
To hell with Lestrade. All right, he'd tell him his suspicions and the results of his investigation. But then, to hell with him.
A sharp intake of breath that could be heard made John look up. He looked straight into Lestrade's completely stunned face.
I saw him looking at his phone screen. Aha, so the taxi man had sent him a message. Asked him to come out.
"You played the part of Molly Hooper well, Moriarty. An excellent play. But your part ends here and now."
I had my mobile phone to my ear and this woman's mobile phone still in the killer's jacket pocket. It did not seem to have been damaged by the fall. So I could still hear what was being said.
Every hair on the back of his neck immediately stood up, his whole body on edge, ready to fight or flee, while his hand reached for the gun.
Of course I had no intention of actually putting an end to my life. No, I would stage my death. I would...
My personal needs, which I had not been able to take out on him, after all I needed him alive and well, had been satisfied by the young room waiter, first much to his pleasure and then to his horror. The latter, however, lasted only a very short time.
He sat down at the kitchen table and began to eat. And while he did so, he was now back to his thoughts, trying to find a way to deal with the situation. He was so deeply absorbed in himself that he no longer paid attention to his surroundings.
I ran up the stairs to my room, which I hadn't used in weeks, as I'd slept in his bed with Sherlock.
And finally, the police had not been able to find enough evidence against Moriarty, the great criminal, so that they had had to acquit him ... and again there had been rumours that Moriarty didn't exist. Sherlock had invented him ... And the police had now suspected Sherlock again and were investigating him further.
Well, sunset was an exaggeration, it was just early afternoon and we still had enough time to prepare everything in peace.
A moment later we were both naked. He was lying backwards on the soft mattress, his hands tied to the frame of the bed with the belt of his dressing gown and I was, well let's put it this way, riding off into the sunset with him.
Lestrade and I got on quite well and we'd been doing this now and then. The last time, though, was a while ago. When I phoned him to arrange a time for us to meet up he was a bit embarrassed at first. But that settled quickly, so we both met around seven o'clock in my favourite pub.
"I'm sorry John, but I was afraid you were going to faint again .... Not that anyone could blame you."
The little thing looked harmless, just like you'd expect "John Watson's" to look. With all the files and exactly the internet history you would expect "John Watson" to have.
Saw him meet someone. Someone much smaller than himself. Slim, but quietly muscular. Short, sand-colored hair.
"You will go out with me, is that clear? Tomorrow night, and don't you dare push dates. Not this time. And then I will hold you accountable, is that clear?"
His gaze went to John, who looked him in the face, and who realised there that Sherlock by no means thought feelings were superfluous any more. On the contrary, John saw a warm tenderness there that warmed his heart too.
He grabbed his laptop and started working his way through some medical sites and forums on the internet that dealt with psychology, and specifically grief psychology.
"The curse of the souterrain," Mrs Hudson said, just before Sherlock, in his inimitable charming way, slammed the door in her face and left her standing in the hallway.
I spoke to Mycroft in his office at his unspeakable "Diogenes Club." God, what a collection of senile old idiots who thought they were the center of the world.
The mobile phone, modern, with expensive features, not befitting a military doctor on a meagre pension, so a gift.
" So," I said, "and now I have to go. I have a date for lunch today. I'll see you later, my darling."
I was a little surprised that he treated me this way even though he had an interest in me that went far beyond that of a roommate. It was so obvious that he had feelings for me, Watson ... well, it was probably his way of dealing with it, since I had made it clear to him that I wasn't gay.
If I had actually been the good John Watson, he would probably have driven me mad within a few weeks.
It was immediately clear to me why he was doing this: he recognised my influence on Sherlock and hoped that I would get him to investigate the case.
"Sherlock, but that's not true. Molly knew about it. Why do you think I came stumbling into this flat earlier all upset? I came from Molly's, and there I had just found out from her that you weren't dead then, on the pavement outside St Barts. But I also learned from her that some time after that, in Serbia, you did die."
The smugglers and their leader General Chan, who held Sarah and me, had no idea who I was. I was eager to see who would save us: Sherlock or the sniper I had posted in the background for safety.
He deduced from the engraving "From Clara for Harry", the scuffs, the scratched charging socket as well as the relatively new model, just as I had planned, that it was my alcoholic brother who would have separated from his wife shortly before because of the drinking.
You don't forget your loved one because of this, and perhaps even decades later you still have moments when grief deeply grips you. But it no longer overlays your entire life.
But Lestrade had doubted. He had not resolutely resisted the whispers of Anderson and Donovan, who had greedily pounced on the reports of the presses, and had turned tail on his superiors who demanded that he investigate.
"Listen, Mycroft, I am grateful to you and your gorillas for your rescue, although I could have handled those half-baked youngsters very well myself,", (Well, I admit I've adjusted the truth a bit here), "but how things stand between me and Sherlock is simply none of your business."
Well, I can defend myself pretty well, but there were six men ... that was critical. Just as I was getting ready for some nasty wounds, two "Man in Black" appeared out of the darkness, there is no other way to describe the dark figures who quickly convinced the boys with their muscles and martial arts skills that it was better for their health to leave me alone.
I had not given him the individual words, but only instructions as to what it was all about and left the exact wording to him.
But it was annoying to gradually lose and restore contacts that had been built up over a long period of time.
"I wonder if you'll be angry with me if I confess that Mrs Hudson also knows about our open relationship?"
When his bottom had finally turned a beautiful pink, I manoeuvred him off my lap and pushed him over the edge of the bed. I knelt behind him and then began to fuck what little sanity was left out of his pretty head.
But my character also had to be a broken soul to a certain extent and I had to provide him with a trauma.
"Decision, Molly. Now. Stay alive, but then all that's left for you is prison, and shame, in front of all the world, including the world of crime. Or die as Molly Hooper, and remain in the eyes of the world the great Moriarty, whom not even Sherlock Holmes could defeat. Now ...?"
He did what had to be done. Like an automaton that always made the same movements when you pressed the right buttons.
We enjoyed every evening what we were prepared to give and receive from each other, and it was wonderful.
The look in Sherlock's eyes. Oh boy. They darkened and it was as if a shadow settled over them. The word buddy seemed to trigger things in him ...
John still couldn't really believe what was happening. He was afraid that his brain would be completely overwhelmed by all this as soon as he started thinking about it.
"I'm gonna go out and find someone who can help me. Interesting, attractive people who are willing to teach me what I need to know for my first time with you."
He sat on the crowded Tube amongst the people still out and about at this hour. It was already quite late, and he would probably be pretty tired in the morning when he left for his shift.
The flat in Mrs Hudson's house, an armchair, the fireplace, the skull, all of it, as much as it reminded him of Sherlock, there was something familiar about it, and as much as he grieved, he found safety here. And that's exactly what he needed now, so that he wouldn't end up going completely crazy.
It was the collapse that brought John out of his lethargy. He managed to get back into his life somehow. ...which didn't change the fact that it still hurt like hell. He still missed Sherlock till he went crazy. He continued to feel guilt of best catholic quality, because he blamed himself for not realizing that Sherlock had had the intention to end his life. What a miserable friend he had been.
Listening to Sherlock deduce was impressive. He was almost as good as I was and he knew how to add a fair amount of drama to the whole thing.
A little confused, since the doorbell had jolted him out of his thoughts, he got up and went to the front door. As Mrs Hudson was not there, who would normally open the front door downstairs, he had to walk down the stairs himself.
When we had taken the first sip of coffee and I had barely suppressed a shiver, he addressed me rather uncertainly:
The Serbs would certainly still have had their fun with Sherlock, it was likely that there wasn't much left of Sherlock in the end except a bleeding bundle.
"No, damn it! I'm not coming now! Oh, maybe I will... what I mean is, I'm not coming to a crime scene now!“
They had argued about this for a long time before. Had argued and John had stubbornly defended his point of view.
He had been who he claimed to be. Moriarty actually existed, and yes, he had committed or had all the crimes being committed.
We were not to be seen together. The closed box van was therefore ideal. I put on a hoodie I had borrowed from Richard's stash and pulled the hood low over my head. With the youthful lanky posture I then displayed, no one would have recognised me.
John gasped. True, he had only recently acquired a new phone number. But the press had found it out quickly, and, of course, so had Mycroft Holmes.
So was it reasonable for him to drag Molly, whose heart was struggling with grief as much as his own, into it and burden her with it all?
Mike came and took care of it. He talked to John like to a sick cow. When none of this helped, he dragged him by force from his chair and dragged him to the bathroom. He pushed him in and closed the door.
I would get this stick and sell it profitably, because I had, after all, blown a few million on the Vermeer painting and, on the other hand, I also had a certain reputation to uphold.
Well, anyway, John was many things but not a coward and so he opened the door to the street, stepped out with gun in hand and looked around.
In my head, a sort of list was forming, "Things that are going badly in Dr Watson's life right now."
Sherlock seemed to have the map of London pretty well in his head. Well, he got it wrong in one or two places and I could have shown him a shorter, better way.
However, no one met us and I got into the car unseen. Richard packed what needed to be packed and we drove off. While he drove the car through the streets of London, I sat in the back and checked my smartphone to make sure everything was as I had instructed.
"And then, John, when I was 'dead' and kept talking to you quite involuntarily, and then only remembering that you were no longer around me all the time, I realised how much I missed you.
I looked at myself in the mirror once more. Yes, everything seemed perfect. And not for the first time, I thanked the heavens. No, I don't believe in that. So I thanked fate for my so average, absolutely harmless and friendly looking face.
He was exhausted. The last few days had really pulled at his nerves. The media were getting on his nerves to a high degree. Couldn't they please just leave him alone?
He didn't want to see it, he didn't want to believe what his eyes and mind were making so abundantly clear to him.
John felt the tears coming. And it became clear to him that he had by no means come to terms with his grief. Not by a long shot.
Now he only had to think a little further and then he would come to the conclusion that a photo from the inside of 221 Baker Street was probably the easiest thing to do for someone who lived in that house.
Not intercourse, of course, it was too early for that, just a hand job, but it would be his first time... my heart started pounding again, like it had to pound its way out of my chest with a hammer and chisel.
He was indeed an unknown quantity in my game. But that was what made it so exciting, wasn't it? Since I had entered Sherlock's life yesterday morning, I hadn't been bored for a second, and that, after all, was exactly what I wanted.
"Here, take mine," I said, handing him the mobile phone I had acquired for "John Watson" and had prepared appropriately for Sherlock Holmes.
I would go and see that insufferable woman again in a moment and then meet Stamford on the way back in a park near St. Bart's.
If I ever get hold of Mycroft or Greg who told me to go through with this deception, I'll be arrested for murder.
The little one had been instructed to do as he was told. He had been given precise guidelines for what he had to do, with only enough artistic licence to fill the role so that it would be perfect.
He wanted it because he was now planning to use this "gift" to draw Moriarty out and persuade him to meet him.
In the underground car park of the apartment building there was a closed van that my people had procured and parked there. It always proved practical that I always have such individual steps taken care of by stooges who don't know the next step, don't know to which big plan their little individual action belongs or who else is involved. That way, if individual people are exposed, there is no danger for the others and thus especially not for me.
About an hour later, on my way back from this therapist, I walked through the small park and concentrated on the individual aspects of my role. It was a sunny autumn day and my mood was great as the anticipation of what was to come completely flooded me.
Very well, I, Moriarty, could have given him a few more details. However, as Dr Watson, I only established the cause of death and a few minor trivia.
Sherlock trusted me. The fact that I'd shot the cabbie when I'd known him less than two days. The fact that I was willing to live with him, the self-proclaimed sociopath. The fact that I clearly admired him and loathed Anderson as much as he did (and by God, I really did! That was one of the things I didn't have to fake). All these things seemed to contribute to his trusting me.
Moriarty smilingly put the morning paper aside and smilingly enjoyed another cup of tea. A really good, delicious-tasting tea from a cup of fine china. That was a very satisfying way to start the day.
Very well, if all else failed, there was only one thing left for her to do. She had to be nothing but Molly Hooper for a while, the small, shy but extremely professional pathologist in her job.
And once again, piece by piece, he set apart for Molly what thoughts and clues had led him to this conclusion.
And the more John thought about everything, the more he came to the conclusion that he still didn't believe he could really achieve anything. But ... maybe he could at least try?
"John ...?" she asked, her voice sounding puzzled. "What are you doing up here? Why did you have me summoned here? Miss Moriarty? I don't understand ... "
Well, they would try to find and expose Moriarty.  They would never succeed, of course, because the criminal mastermind was smarter than all of them put together.
Grinning, I thought about using more asparagus, oysters and similar foods that are said to have aphrodisiac properties.
I blushed. Yes, of course I can, according to my will. I am Moriarty, I can do this. I can just as easily cry on command or faint on demand (for a precisely predetermined period of time). These things are essential if you're going to successfully pull off a thing like this.
"That means ...," Sherlock said, and you could hear in his voice that he was beginning to enjoy the whole thing. "It means that the bomb man, and I'm sure it wasn't just a gas leak and your people will figure that out Lestrade; so that the bomber has the opportunity to get close to me. Without attracting too much attention."
"Well," I said, "Let's let Sherlock think that I ... I'll find the satisfaction of my needs elsewhere."
The taxi had moved on and from the other end of the street two policemen approached us with questioning looks.
My alcoholic sister Harry, whose alleged escapades had been the reason for my departure from Sherlock this time, would serve me well in the future.
They had found out earlier than planned that Moriarty was still alive and still in hiding, pulling the strings of so many crimes that it could make a law-abiding citizen's breath catch.
It was all too much. The teacup fell from his hands and shattered on the floorboards. The floor spun under his feet and he slumped unconscious.
"You can see I'm in shock. We'll talk tomorrow. My flatmate is standing there, you know he's a doctor. He can look after me."
Okay Moriarty, now we need to mentally sort out what is happening here, I thought as Angelo babbled at me. He told me how Sherlock had saved him from a long prison sentence.
"John ..." he moaned, because he was tied to the bed and I held the fruit just so that his lips were millimetres away from it, but he couldn't get hold of it.
So he took white bread from the cupboard, ham, tomato sandwich cream from the fridge and began to make sandwiches the way Sherlock had always liked best. If he had ever eaten them at all. And while he prepared two sandwiches, one for himself and one for "Sherlock", he realised that he was really hungry. When was the last time he had eaten a meal with appetite? Well, before Sherlock's death, actually.
He hadn't really spoken to her since Sherlock's leap from the roof of the Bart. Brief encounters. A few friendly words. But no real conversation.
"A boy, quite large feet. Comes from Sussex, the pollen in the dirt on the sole told me. He loved the shoes, which date back to the eighties. Took great care of them. Comes here to London and something bad happens to him .... Oh ..."
He realised it in time to save that pesky brat my people had taken hostage. (The little brat had dared to bump into me on the underground as I was on my way home from the doctor's office. I had immediately sent my people after him and I regretted that Sherlock had saved him).
Things were coming to a head in that school room over there. The killer pushed a pill jar with a capsule towards Sherlock and placed a second one in front of him.
There was a cat involved and cats have a variety of symbolism, but in many cultures they stand for deceitfulness and deviousness. It's not for nothing that there are terms like "catlike friendly" for someone who does you nice and yet would love to stab you in the back.
"Hello, John," he said as I entered the room. "Sherlock's getting dressed, I've got a case for him."
And he explained to us that in the flat where the "gas leak" had gone off, a safe had been found with a letter inside. A letter addressed to Sherlock himself.
And when I thought about the fact that this man, with all his magnificence, with his beauty, with his peculiarity, wanted me, me, the somewhat too small, averagely intelligent and otherwise rather unspectacular John Watson, I got really dizzy.
"Sherlock" was out of sight just then. The door to the now empty bedroom was closed. John wondered whether he would find "Sherlock" there in bed if he opened it now ... and he wasn't quite sure he wanted to know.
Oh, it's not easy to acquire capable people who can keep a cool head even in such a situation. But you can' t help it, you just have to take what you can get.
Mycroft was furious that Sherlock had emerged from his cover prematurely, even before Moriarty's network had been completely dismantled. Sherlock, on the other hand, argued that, after all, even Mycroft's people would not have got any further than he himself had and, besides, he held out against it out of sheer habit.
Moriarty took the mobile phone and, via encrypted message, commissioned an appropriate email, from an unrecognisable sender, of course.
He had always wondered if Lestrade knew about it. Well, probably not, otherwise he would have taken it away from him at the latest now to prevent ...
42 - just like the answer to the question of all questions, the question of meaning. And that too was a delicious joke, I thought, because the meaning of life and the centre of life is me.
At the same time I hummed happily to myself, because I was also feeling well, and it was such a wonderful morning, as I would not have dreamed of a few days ago.
Moriarty was not at all at ease. The self-assurance that was usually so characteristic of the criminal mastermind was crumbling a little.
His tongue was playing with me and his lips were equally eager for my pleasure, so it wasn't long before I came.
First of all - my dearest managed to turn MY primary sexual organ into a rock hard something with these highly factual words.
The curator of one of London's great museums had stumbled across an old man in South America who was able to almost magically create a painting that was known to exist from ancient writings. He had the perfect brushstroke, the perfect colouring, etc.
I had taken care of some snacks, had chosen a film that I hoped that we both wouldn't see much of, as so often, and was looking forward to another beautiful evening.
And not for the first time in the last few days, he considered calling Mycroft Holmes. He still hated Mycroft, but he had to admit that sometimes he could be useful in life. And now he just needed his help.
A few other people who must have recognised him - after all, he was a well-known figure in London - gave him questioning looks.
Certainly, he seemed to know frighteningly little about what had so troubled and touched his brother in the time before his leap from the Barts.
Well, perhaps I could again combine the pleasant with the useful. First fuck and then cut the throat in the moment of highest ecstasy ... I smiled promisingly at the young man.
During his following explanation of how he had come up with it and how the murderer had administered it, I didn't really listen to him, I knew anyway.
They wandered aimlessly around, Sherlock cheering johns mood considerably with his random deductions.
John made Sherlock pull over at the next possible food place and discovering it was a fast food restaurant felt his face crinkle into a frown but food was food and he’d be damned if he turned it down when Sherlock had been surprisingly complying to John’s wishes, especially considering there was a crime scene to investigate that had two dead bodies with their necks broken and no sign of forced entry to the locked room.
John was just entering the closed off area when Sherlock swept in front of him and then proceeded to curse his way through the whole of Scotland Yard and their lack of brains:
Sherlock reached over and squeezed Johns hand, to which John turned over his own hand palm up and squeezed back.
Horns blared and Sherlock just beeped back before they were off again; a furrow on his brow whilst John just smiled quietly to himself.
Within 15 minutes and two signatures and several checks; along with the deposit and the hourly payment required they found themselves climbing into a Citroen Xsara with big green advertising on the side and boot. Sherlock started the engine and they were off again, John hardly surprised at the fact the detective who knew everything also knew how to drive a car and was quite confident in ten process.
“Sherlock you’ll freeze! Put it back on!” John insisted, his gaze incredulous but Sherlock instead clambered in, cost in hand and once closing the door pressed the key so that the doors locked them in. He then took his coat and laid it over both of them.
Sherlock was about to answer the smirk from sgt.Donovan when said hand gently traced fingers up and down his spine in one smooth motion making a silent gasp escape his lips.
Sherlock shivered slightly then pressed closer to John, curling his body tighter and pressing his face into Johns chest with a satisfied huff. John circles his other arm around sherlocks shoulders and pulls the coat over them more securelyc pulling his feet in at the bottom so they remain completely hidden by the coat.
After a few moments of talking however they discovered the not so big highlight of their day. There were no spare rooms, not even a janitors cupboard to sleep in.
It was an hour in and John began to get hungry, considering they hadn’t eaten since the day before and it was only nine thirty two in the morning after having both woken up around seven thirty-well John supposed they had otherwise Sherlock hadn’t slept at all last night or at least not for long and that wasn’t very good for John’s nerves as they drive down a motorway at 78mph with no intention of using the breaks.
“I know.” Sherlock whispered and when he felt a wetness on his cheek he was surprised to realise that he was crying. That he was affected by something so simple. So ‘human’..
There was a pause, whether it was only a few seconds or a minute it felt like an eternity to Sherlock, it felt like this was the precipice and now it could all go wrong, all because he’d said the truth.
“Well at least get over here you git” John chuckled fondly as he grabbed around sherlocks waist under the coat and pulled him flush against his side. He felt Sherlock stiffen slightly before relaxing slightly again. John turned on his side to face him, Sherlocks own face now opposite his own and John couldn’t help but feel a warm glow in his chest at the blush that took hold of the detectives face.
“Sweetheart, look at me?” John questioned gently with a finger reaching up to curve a curl around the younger mans ear. Sherlock slowly turned, his eyes wide and soft at the endearment before John reached up and kissed him gently, mouths closed and lips ghosting over each other as his hand worked its way into Sherlock’s hair.
It was pitch black outside, the stars hidden by a cloudy sky and there was droplets of water on the other side of the glass indicating it had rained at some point in the night, with a glance at the clock on the dash he saw it was 4:13 and only getting later, the sun would rise in about one and a half hours but currently there was no sign of the much needed warmth the sun would be able to probide.
“That would be a waste of money, there must be a spare hotel room or something somewhere” John decided.
So when John took all of the order into his own lap and they continued driving and then he managed to get the ice cream up to sherlocks mouth only to notice when it was leaving a sticky and cold residue on his lips he allowed himself an annoyed sigh whilst snatching it from Johns hand and eating it unceremoniously before clenching his eyes shut in pain as he finished the last frozen mouthful and brain freeze took over, luckily they had stopped for traffic lights, not so luckily was the fact the lights were showing green and Sherlock was only just recovering.
“Are you complete imbeciles? It’s clear how they were killed, one of the girls also known as Shelly Jones who is just outside right now and with a very obvious nervous twyitch that indicates her guilty conscience killed both of these women here clearly shown by the black smudge on their knees where Shelly held them down and her cheap black nail polish has left a black stain. She killed them using their legs, locking her body around them and then using her weight, ambitions unknown but I’m sure if you ask her then she’ll confess immediately. We drove for two and a half hours nearly two hours and forty five minutes just to solve the case within two bloody minut—“ sherlocks rant was cut short by a hand being pressed firmly to his back having slipped underneath the coat and only deprecated from his skin by the thin cotton shirt he wore.
John sat up, making sure to keep the coat covering Sherlock before looking around, the windows were cloudy with condensation but with a quick swipe at the window as the ice cold water trickled down his wrist and forearm, he was able to look at what was around them.
Sherlock wakes to the smell of tea in the kitchen, to the rhythmic stirring of water but he only truly opens his eyes when a cushion lands on his head at quite good force with a reasonable aim that he notices John. John holding two cups of tea and then setting one next to the sofa on the coffee table and the other resting warmly in his hands as he takes seat in his chair.
“Look, John she’s just been eating cheese again even though she tells her husband she’s not snacking anymore, cheese John! What’s so funny?” Sherlock exclaimed before ending on a very confused note.
John pulled back, a hand still gently cupping Sherlock’s cheek in a gentle caress as he studied the detectives face; his eyes were closed, only now beginning to blink open very slowly, eyelashes fanning against his prominent cheekbones. His lips parted in a tiny ‘o’ of surprise, a gentle blush rising high on his cheeks and his hands gripping onto the chair he sat in, knuckles white.
Maybe if he’d already been fairly lucky today, he would be able to trick Sherlock into eating something for breakfast/brunch before they began a crime scene that could last between two hours to a criminal record of nearly two weeks.
“He said you were my pet, but your nobody’s ‘pet’, seriously if he continues I’m gonna do more than have a few words” John clarified with a grimace as he parked the car.
“Come on, lets go home yeah, or maybe we can have a day out, up to you” John promised, his voice soft and instantly calming.
“Ouch” Sherlock said with little emotion before he looked up to John who was smiling and struggling not to chuckle, the attempt pitiful when he caught sherlocks gaze and began giggling.
The temperature was seeming to get even lower by what John could feel and with another glance at Sherlock, he could not afford him getting ill, not if he could help it. He very gently turned Sherlock over, who muttered in his sleep with a frown, in search of the car keys.
They clambered out the car and Sherlock was slightly surprised to find them now in Bristol parked up in a suitable spot just on the edge of town.
John then gently tugged Sherlock away from the rest of NSY as they began to either stand in confusion or snigger slightly at the suddenly silenced detective. They headed back out to their rental car before anything could happen and with one final call that lead to John putting Sherlock in the car before turning round to Anderson and metaphorically ‘tearing him a new one’ John then climbed into the drivers side and they began to drive away.
“We’ll do that then” John decided and pulled sherloco closer to him so that Sherlock was wrapped in his arms, against his chest breathing in the smell that could only be described as John.
So as Sherlock pulled the car through the drive through with a sharp tug at the steering wheel and allowed John to lean across him to order John decided to order two of each thing he ordered. Two drinks. Two fries. Two burgers. Thinking carefully to himself as the man on the other side asked if “that was all sir?” He decided to also grab a takeaway ice cream because Sherlock was a sweet tooth and didn’t even realise he was eating something until the sticky residue was all that remained.
I was going to get close to Sherlock Holmes, get into his life, as close as I could. I would try to "mean something" to him and touch his heart.
He shook his head, furrowed his brow, raised his eyebrows, continued this "Really! John! Don't be an idiot!" look on his face.
Finally he began to cry. He cried bitterly and miserably. His eyes burned, the blood pounded in his veins, his heart ached. But this flood of tears seemed to bring him a little out of his rigidity. When the tears dried up, he felt a little better.
And I kissed him on the neck to reinforce my words. How fortunate that, like most people, he was so gullible.
There was a knock. Room service was there and I let him in. He pushed a trolley into our room, which was lavishly covered with goodies. Small but delicious things that just screamed, "Snack me off your lover's body!" And that's exactly what I was going to do.
I decided to take my time in preparing the whole thing. Because there were some things that needed to be prepared and they just needed time. A project like this can't be taken lightly if it is to succeed.
Whose penchant for drama, whose greed and arrogance and self-absorption, whose inhumanity and obsession with power had made it all possible.
It was quiet in the swimming pool. Only Sherlock's footsteps could be heard. Slowly, searching, waiting.
Tonight, however, I would sleep alone. I was simply feeling a bit overwhelmed by all this at the moment.
So there she was, standing on the edge of the roof, looking down. Her hair fluttered in the wind and her face showed nothing but expressionlessness.
"Yes," Sherlock said. " I realised I'd been very, very stupid. I encouraged you to seek your pleasure in others, and I thought that was sensible and right. But...  when you actually did it, it almost chewed me up inside and I suffered pain at the thought that another man or woman was touching, caressing, loving John, my John, right now... It almost killed me."
I paid and waited until the car was out of sight and then entered the unlocked school, where the cleaners were busy at this time of day. A glance at the clock confirmed that they were currently working at the back of the building.
That was exactly how I would have done it. To learn what I wanted to learn, any means would have served me. In that respect, I was almost a little proud of Sherlock and found that I was beginning to think of him a little as my pupil.
"Wait a minute," I said, "he's your brother? He's not a criminal? Not an underground boss or something?"
"... but you could certainly make them leave us alone. So no more incessant phone calls, even in the middle of the night. And the lurking here in front of the house. That's got to stop."
The taxi driver had now seen me, but it didn't matter, because he didn't know that I, the unassuming companion of Sherlock Holmes, was Moriarty. Sherlock he knew, of course, because I had sent him photographs.
"So," he said, "and you will behave yourself now and just explain to us why we should turn up here with you so soon."
" What do you mean," I stammered, "you mean he organises these murders? These crimes? You order something like that from him and then he gets it done?"
In the message, at his request, no, his instruction, I posed as the last victim and claimed only to have fainted. I ordered the murderer to 22 Northumberland Street.
In any case, Sherlock again let "the bomber" know via his website that he had solved the matter and how.
John began to giggle. Chuckling, as if hiccupping. Then gradually slipping into an almost hysterical fit of laughter.
Lambs are cute and sweet when they jump across the meadow in the light of the spring sun, but it is still fun to roast them on a spit over a low flame.
But after all, John was not only a doctor but also a soldier, he had already seen the war with his own eyes, felt it in his own flesh.
Now, I don't want to go into the details of the case itself. I will only say that it was a car rental service called Janus Cars, for which the car rental was only a cover. The real business of this company, which was owned by me and of course in such a way that someone would not find out about this fact even if they researched it more closely, was to help people who for some reason had to leave their old lives behind to start a new life in a distant country with a new name, a house, a job and enough money to get started.
"But," the elder Holmes continued, "John, even if the press go far beyond a tolerable level in their choice of methods. They are right about the substance of their claims."
I decided on a brother with whom I would have little contact. It wasn't supposed to be a family idyll, but simply to strengthen my character through his mere existence. I decided to put him on as an alcoholic, because that would explain why I didn't want to have anything to do with him. I would have the documents and register entries that officially proved his existence prepared, should anyone search for them. A child's play for my contacts.
Lip-reading had once been taught to me by a hostage, a deaf and mute boy whom I had held for several weeks. In gratitude, I didn't torture him to death, but shot him.
I do not know how that works, for I do not feel such feelings. That does not mean that I am completely unfeeling, certainly not. It is just that all my feelings relate to me.
"All right, John, but please call me Greg. Not Gregory, that's..." he hesitated, "That's reserved for Mycroft."
The sounds Sherlock made were indescribable. It was somewhere between purring, groainting and wheezing. It was incredibly stimulating for me too. My own penis reminded me of the tip of a lance.
I decided to go away for a day or two in the near future and be myself again. Someone pretty who would first share my bed and then receive the redeeming kiss of death from me could certainly be found. I have my ways.
Lestrade was about to cross the room in quick strides. When he reached the armchair, he yanked "Sherlock" - ... Sherlock to his feet and pulled him into a bone-crushing hug.
And four, the idea of spanking my sweetheart on his beautiful rear was smoking hot... well, granted, I was a little bit of a spanking enthusiast.
But Sherlock, I realise now, had a completely different take on it. He thought I meant ways to satisfy my sexual desires, outside of our relationship, for example.
Sherlock gurgled, and then he did something that he very rarely succeeded in doing: he made a joke that was actually funny, and he did it deliberately and not accidentally.
There was only this one thing: this Van Boer supernova that the old man had painted in the night sky, but which had only appeared in the sky centuries after Vermeer.
While I listened to the sounds of his pleasure and felt his orgasm approaching, I made a decision. Killing him would have just messed up my plans too much and I hate having my plans torpedoed. Of course I could have changed the whole thing at short notice and of course it wouldn't have presented me with too many challenges. But it would have postponed all my plans and I would have had to find someone new ....
It was then that I learned, to my greatest delight, that Sherlock was looking for a flatmate for a flat in Baker Street.
He, however, was struck by the fact that he had obviously hurt Molly and it mattered to him what I, John Watson, thought about him ... he had more heart than some who prided themselves on their sentimentality. Pah. And that's what made him so weak.
I was on the verge of trembling with excitement on the inside while remaining calm on the outside. It was once again a very crucial moment. Would Sherlock take me with him? I didn't want to impose, that wouldn't have helped the cause.
Sherlock was jumping around in elegant figures on the sofa and shooting at a yellow smiley he had painted on the wall.
"Well, it knocks faster and almost stumbles a little, like when you kiss me. John, as a doctor you know your way around: is that normal? Or should I perhaps be examined by a heart specialist?"
Sherlock seemed a little confused. It had always been difficult for him to decide how to deal with people.
But that's exactly how I expected it to be. It would have been too bad if he had already found the solution to all this. I would much rather play on.
After all, he gradually became more and more convinced that he had been dealing with Moriarty all along. The taxi driver had described Moriarty as a fan of Sherlock's at the time and the one he was dealing with here kept dropping remarks like this ... "we were made for each other", and the like ...
And John? Good, harmless John Watson? Well, Molly had to admit, despite his final fallacy, he'd done a much better job than she'd originally given him credit for. But this?
In the living room, which smelled as unpleasantly mouldy as the other rooms, there were a pair of shoes in the middle of the floor. I had put them there this morning before going upstairs to the flat. Fingerprints of mine would not be found on them, of course. I am, after all, a professional at what I do.
He collapsed, I sank down on him, cuddled up and we just laid there, both unable to think anything, to say anything, let alone do anything.
"I can also see that now that you're in a committed relationship with me, it's not so easy for you to make love to a, well, complete stranger."
Cautiously, he reached out to touch the man in front of him, but he shook his head, still silent, but clearly making a dismissive gesture with his hands.
John heard the door open and footsteps enter the room. He had his face snuggled into the pillow. He didn't want to talk to anyone, not Lestrade or anyone else. He preferred to be alone. Alone with his phantom.
I was a tiny bit excited as Sherlock stared into his microscope, comparing hundreds of different pollens.
"I'm so sorry, John. I had to fake my death then. Moriarty was about to have the people closest to what a sociopath like me could call friends shot. Mrs Hudson. Lestrade. And ... you."
And so we concluded the subject. The rest of the evening went very smoothly. We talked about football, a subject that had interested both of us. ...and the recent cases. Rumors and gossip from the yard. About movies and music.
They looked up to him, they hoped so much of him. And he would hardly be able to fulfil those expectations when he was in the throes of exhausting psychotherapy ...
The reason for this was simply that the murder Sherlock was supposed to solve had not yet been committed at the end of the Janus Cars case.
"John, is this how you feel when you think of me in the shower, relieving yourself of your arousal?"
It didn't matter now, so I told Greg the whole story, so he'd understand the context. Who knows, maybe he would be able to give me some sound advice, I thought.
He was panting, moaning and wailing in pain, but more so in pleasure, it was clear to feel and hear.
And suddenly another flash of inspiration. He found out that "Rachel" was the password to the website of her email account and that this website had a connection to her smartphone. A smartphone with GPS. So it could be tracked.
The trauma he needed could be from a war mission or a serious accident, maybe both in combination during a foreign mission. That would explain it conclusively, and here it would be easy to manipulate the relevant documents that would prove that he had been with the Corps at that time.
Had he perhaps only imagined the doorbell ringing? Goodness, he was beginning to fear that he was going completely mad.
The hostage was, as I said, blind, so Richard had radioed her the messages she was supposed to speak on a pair of in-ear headphones.
Not that I doubted it for a second, after all, this is me we're talking about, Moriarty, the most intelligent man on the entire planet.
Sherlock, as also planned, was unharmed and, since at the moment I entered the living room his brother was also present, in top form. At least, as far as his arrogance was concerned. Mycroft nodded briefly at me, Sherlock too, and I, a relieved John who was relieved that nothing had happened to his flatmate, looked around the flat. And listened.
I'm not as good as him at listening to who comes up the stairs, and besides that, at knowing their life story, childhood illnesses, favourite food and what grade they got in mathematics in the third year from their footsteps.
Quite funny actually, because technically Sherlock had solved the case; still, he felt like he'd lost that round.
"I know," John said, "I may hardly think it possible either, Lord God, I wish it were not true. But ... there's just a lot that points to it."
No, I was referring to the fact that, as John Watson, I could not wear my usual high quality, tailored clothing. I was used to wearing suits made of luxurious fabrics and of excellent cut.
The cup was drained, the plate that had recently held fresh toast with lovely bitter orange marmalade was also empty. The newspaper put aside.
Now then... John Watson's brother. Here I decided to leave it for the moment with an imaginary figure. John should only have contact with him by phone or email, and pretending to do so would be easy and uncomplicated.
