Sherlock took a while to answer, "This just wasn't the way it was supposed to go, I was supposed to convince you it was temporary, and for a case, and I had speeches prepared for how I had to do it this way and only this way. You were going to do fake relationship for the case, but only under duress, this isn't going how I imagined it at all. You surprised me."
"He would touch me, and, bruise and," Sherlock tried breathing, but he could hear and smell and feel the calloused hands again.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pulling him into his embrace, putting the boy's head on his chest and shoulder. He breathed into his hair, kissing the crown of his head, running his fingers lightly over Sherlock's shoulders and neck.
John looks at him and shrugs, "Like you said, everyone thinks we're a couple anyway. I've stopped correcting people. I don't date anymore, so it's not a big deal," John winces at his choice of words. He's trying to convey that he won't date anyone
Jaime yelled out, "It's still early in the morning, lads! You'll have plenty o'time for that later!" Mycroft pulled away from his new husband, still attached by the hand with the wrapped tartan. He teetered a bit, Gregory pulling him close to kiss him on the cheek. Mycroft and Gregory looked down, resting their foreheads against each other, as they wove their fingers together. Mycroft looked up to the guests and called for silence.
Sherlock began thrusting in earnest, but didn't make a move to grab the lube, or to prepare John. He rubbed his cock on the outside of John's entrance and his cheeks, just teasing, just enjoying the sensation. John was moaning with Sherlock, rutting himself in an alternating fashion against Sherlock's cock and the sheets.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John as he fell asleep, kissing his neck as he began to slumber, his dreams full of lavender and braiding oils.
"Should I shave for the handfasting?" John asked, scratching at his beard with the curved knuckles of his hand.
Sherlock caught a tremble in John's voice and  his eyes were moist. Before he could nod his agreement, Sherlock felt John's arms pull him close so they were touching torso to knee. John kissed desperately, squeezing Sherlock close to him, his tongue teasing against Sherlock's upper lip. The younger man was trying to catalogue the sensation of the wet, warmth with the soft, dry curls of John's beard, but he'd quickly become overwhelmed. Sherlock's legs were moving of their own volition, pulsing and squeezing together. He didn't know what he wanted, but his stomach ached.
The Holmes brothers were always uncannily able to read thoughts. "John," Mycroft began, his eyes pinpoints, jaw clenched, "Every enemy targets you or him because the two of you are a force of nature. Everyone has always assumed, rightly so, that you've been in love with one another?"
"No, virgin, I am trying, so help me god, to get you laid so you're not such an ass. As part of my company manager duties. You're talented, but you're a dick. John is sweet, patient, and he's flirted with a couple other guys. So go help him."
"They're spending a lot of time together?" John asked. He was grateful that he was dripping wet from the pool. He was afraid he might cry.
Sherlock nods. John leaves, exhaling only when he is outside their door, on the landing. He waits until he is a block away before texting Mycroft's locked cell phone one word: "sutures."
He takes our the rest of his food, eats it slowly. Drinks a small bottle of water. John decides sometime mid afternoon to move on. He wonders if he's had a complete mental breakdown, as he's never wanted to leave his life, or run away before. As he begins walking a path, it swooping slightly uphill, he wonders again if he shot himself if anyone would notice. If anyone would find him. He doesn't like these thoughts and he wonders what Ella would say. Is it more PTSD? Anger? Heartbreak?
"Are you?" Sherlock's eyes are moving quickly, but his lids are slowly pulling down, and up, in a slow rhythm, slow as his chest raising and falling. John is subconsciously reading his eyes for Morse code, then remembers he is safe. It is just the two of them. If they are willing, they can speak freely.
"No, no.  Sherlock hasn't seen me. Since this happened. It's been rather fast. Robert. He's a coworker, but there is a lot going on. He's paid attention to me, but it's been very quick since we got together. And, I'm so scared. Mummy, he loves me, but he loves
"Daddy, I know that I'm not supposed to deduce, but Mr. Detective will think your mustache is itchy…."
Men come up to them with zip ties. Sherlock doesn't fight; the operative handling Sherlock allows him to look back at John after he talks about Mary being safe. Mary? Who the fuck cares about Mary. Is that a code for something?
Cries of "Here, here!" and claps on Mike Stamford's back, "Congratulations, Cupid!" punctuate the raising of the glasses to Sherlock and John's full kiss.
= With each swim across the pool he thought, he analyzed, he tried to come up with a solution to what he had done, what he had said. Sherlock had admitted he'd wanted, that he feared John's rejection. What had changed?
Sherlock couldn't breathe. His chest tightened as his vision darkened around the edges. He felt Tavis wrap his arm around his shoulder. Sherlock was full of so many questions, but he couldn't speak. The comforting voice of Tavis rumbled in Sherlock's ear, "When you meet him, if you don't like him, or if he's not good for you, we won't let you go through with it." Sherlock relaxed against Tavis' side. He felt comforted by his statement of support and the squeeze of his embrace.
John was a little further away from Sherlock when he sat back down on the couch. He was rubbing at his mustache and his thigh; his physical tells when he was nervous.
John grabs him, pulling the sheet completely away, wiping the tea with the sheet as he pulls it off of Sherlock.
As they moved towards the captain's dining room John stopped him, "You think the Captain is behind this somehow? "
John wakes with one of his newer nightmares, one he hasn't had for three nights. He was panicked, Sherlock bleeding from his chest, and he was having to slowly lower him by rope to the bottom of a great cavern. The blood on the rope kept causing his grip to slide. He woke with the feeling of frayed rope burns still on his palms.
Something was different. Something was wrong. She'd arrived too early, on the wrong day of the week.
As John wiped off his eyes and cheeks with the bottom of his T-Shirt, he dug behind a crooked bookshelf and brought out a metal floor lamp. He tossed the lampshade aside, throwing it up over his shoulder. He ducked just in time as he exited the doorway so the bulb didn't crack against the doorway's lintel.
Without warning, Mycroft takes out his phone and calls someone. He puts it on speaker for all to hear. It's the unmistakable voice of Jim Moriarty who answers.
They kissed, languidly, slowly rocking into one another, Sherlock pulling himself as far on John's lap as he could. John looked up at his bridegroom, nipping at his lower lip.
"I dunno. I think m'tired. And happy." John tries to sit up a bit but the room begins to spin, "Jesus." He lays himself back down.
John pushed Sherlock's hair off of his forehead, keeping his eyes locked on his groom's, "I don't know, I want...more of you. Touch me. More."
Used to texting his brother back and forth instantly, Sherlock grew nervous as the lack of a response stretched into minutes. Sherlock knew what his reservations were, they were the same as his own, but he couldn't help the risk.
He goes back through his choices to be sure he's satisfied. He times himself; how fast can he pull the gun out and aim. How well does he shoot with elevated blood pressure, shaking hands, shallow breathing.
"Oh, Sherlock. I chose you. I've chosen you. I want to be with you. It is an arranged marriage but I have wanted you since I first spoke with you," John kissed him, then pulled a paper from the folds of his kilt, "I've written you notes, darling, so you can keep them and always remember how I feel about you. I've left notes tied to rocks with ribbons and sprigs of flowers for you to follow. Follow the notes and the clues, and you will find me at the end of them, ready to marry you."
John turned to Sherlock's Da, "Your stable boy is amazing, Lord Holmes. This stallion normally bucks everyone off. Nearly killed a man. I thought this young boy was going to be hurt for sure. But he rode him like a natural."
John handed Sherlock the phone, and Sherlock held it away from his face as if it were a snake. Hamish was crying and causing the speaker to crackle and whine. Sherlock attempted to speak, but Hamish would talk over him and continue down his train of thought. Sherlock was reduced to nodding and humming in agreement, with John leaning in, only catching every third word. Sherlock asked if Hamish wanted to talk to his father again, but Hamish had already hung up the phone.
A sharp knock at the door stops Sherlock from pulling John on top of him. "Mycroft." He huffed, pulling the covers over his head. John turns the covers back down to reach Sherlock's collarbone and neck, to leave some tickling, light kisses. "You still have to be nice. He's done a lot for us. Even though his timing seems to
"Sherlock. Your safety. Mary is much more dangerous than we anticipated. We need to discuss a plan."
"What a mad bastard," John whispers to himself, tearing into the Christmas card, "Writing about the destruction of our archenemies in one letter, then sending me a Christmas card immediately after."
Billy is forced to sit through video after video of Mycroft, Roderick, and Sherlock. He is squished on the couch in between the Holmes parents.
With a shaking voice, Sherlock replied, "Someday he will hate me. I can be so mean and spiteful. I can't help saying what is on my mind. It's only a matter of time before he grows tired."
"Stop that. You stop that, right now!" His Captain Watson voice. It made Sherlock stand up taller, and give John his full attention, "I love you. I love you more than anything or anyone in this world. If you'd been shot, I would've died. I took that bullet for you because I am selfish. I couldn't bear the thought of watching you bleed again, or thinking that I might lose you. I couldn’t do that. So I took the bullet instead. Keeping you alive, having you alive, was all I wanted. You're alive, and I'm alive, and we're married. So stop. There is nothing to be guilty about. As long as you're here, and you want me, and you love me, it will be ok."
John moved towards Sherlock, setting the suitcase on the floor, "That's fine with me. We can have something in London with all our friends, and just spend time alone after we're married. Oh, and work on the case in between, I suppose." John smiled, playfully using his shoulder to bump Sherlock.
"Hello, gorgeous." Robert pushes up on his forearms to lay over Mycroft and kiss his mouth quickly, but soundly.
Sherlock nodded, finally finding his voice, "Yea, I thought it would be simple. Didn't realize the extra...um....bars and things that would need to be added."
Last night Sherlock hadn't quite understood what John meant (sometimes the simple gestures go over his head) but he smiles now, running his fingers over his lips. They're best friends, lovers, betrothed; it's just as lovely to passionately make love with John as it is to giggle with him or it is to hold him and talk to him at night about serious and silly matters alike.
Fall is moving forward into colder seasons. Christmas, rather than a mark of joy on the calendar, is now an approaching date with a doomsday clock. Mycroft and John have agreed John will be in the dark with the Christmas Day logistics (sometimes he hates that he's a terrible liar) but he is consoled that it's a deception with his consent. All he knows is that everyone will be invited to get together.
Sherlock downed the rest of the scotch and tried to turn and put it on a coaster near his left side, but he winced and cried out with the turn. John grabbed the tumbler and felt his side, "Don't turn your side like that! That's right where the asshole kicked you."
Again, John decides he will think only of himself. What does John want to do? Where does John want to go? He will not be chasing behind anyone else for a while.
Since Sherlock's chair is now vacant, Mycroft takes a seat there. He brings over only tea for himself, presuming correctly that the other two men's hands are otherwise preoccupied.
Sherlock opened his eyes, nodding, "I didn't know how to tell you. I didn't know..." John cut off his train of thought by kissing down his jaw, his neck, the shoulder that was not covered by the plaid. Sherlock shuffled back on the bed, his legs opening. John saw, like himself, Sherlock was not wearing pants. There was only an expanse of white skin and wool fabric.
John watched him and calculated what to say. Though John had him bested by weight, he had no doubt Sherlock would be a viscous opponent if he though John was an enemy.
His sides still hurting, John walks up the steps, just a few days ago Sherlock was being carried down. He enters the flat and can hear the painful sound of the song Sherlock had written for Irene, when he was grieving her.
Sherlock doesn't speak during the ride.  He is shaking and pulling his coat and his scarf as tightly around himself as he can. Mycroft guides him upstairs to a guest room, wondering if he even knows where he is. Before he leaves, he remembers to set all the alarms on the windows.
"He loves you, John. More fiercely than anyone or anything I've seen. We are not manipulating. We are redirecting energy so it doesn't tear him apart."
They young boy pulled up his pant leg and proudly showed up a scar under his right knee that was about one and a half inches diagonal. It was a thin scar, which did indicate expert stitching.
"Let me show you my flat, before we go to dinner," Sherlock said, linking his pinkie around John's, "I can drop off my bag and we can walk from there."
Sherlock smiled back, a beautiful smile, and began signing back at a breakneck pace. John shook his head and held up his hands. Sherlock, still with a smile, held up a universal 'ok' sign and pulled out his phone with a notepad. John pulled out his BSL app, determined to make notes on what Sherlock was saying. Sherlock took the phone out of John's hands and found the sign for
But John could, really. Now he could imagine them perfectly. Nothing of the Christmas spirit, or the good natured speeches. One hundred percent of deductions, revelations, dying cat noises on the violin and the tap-tap-tap of that bloody umbrella on the floor. Well, John had to admit that he liked it better now. Anyway, the image of a Christmas dinner still sent shivers through his spine. John was sure Mummy Holmes would not be pleased.
"Oh, please, as if you would dismiss the chance to spy on me to know if I'm eating or some dull thing like that," Sherlock replied.
“I see,” Mycroft said, absently. “Thank you, Mr Elliot, and I won't forget your kindness in opening the lab to my brother's use.”
“You and your brother,” John answered. “The simple idea of childish feud doesn't seem enough to explain you two. And I can't imagine a normal motive for your bickering.” And John really didn't. If something could be said about the Holmes brothers, it was that they weren't normal. How the British Government and the world's only Consulting Detective could possibly have any normal sibling relationship? The very idea sounded unreal.
“I won't leave you alone today, Sherlock.” he said, only to feel Sherlock's surprised gaze on him. “Maybe I can help you. I can show you one object at a time, and you try to remember something about it, okay? You can tell me if you think that would be better. You normally think better talking out loud, don't you? I'll open the trunk for you and we'll do this.” Yes, John sounded like a mother hen. Something between his own mother and Mrs. Hudson. He even thought he would call Sherlock 'dear' and bake him scones if it would help him to be less frightened. John would never admit that, but a frightened Sherlock was one of the only things John was afraid of. “I'll make tea and we can spend the evening getting your thoughts straight, hm?”
Before he could open the car's door, Sherlock interjected him, tapping the umbrella on the floor of the car and offering it to him. The rain had stopped, but he took it. Still no words.
Sherlock was almost convinced that the best thing to do was to ignore the whole thing, to wait for the memories to get back without help. He, the great Sherlock Holmes, the world's only consulting detective, was afraid of some brain work. He, the self-proclaimed sociopath, was afraid of all the sentiment attached to the memories he would have to access. He wasn't stupid. He knew memories weren't only facts, even if he really liked to pretend most of the time. For example, he knew that knowing all the jumpers John had wasn't only the fact that John had many jumpers, but also what Sherlock had felt every single time John had used every single one of those hideous jumpers of his. Thinking about all the sentiment that was kept in that trunk made Sherlock shiver.
John smiled, absorbing what he had just listened. He had not been prepared for that, but he thought that even in a million times he wouldn't have been. Nobody was ever prepared for Sherlock Holmes. John sat facing him. "That's... hm..." He paused, and changed what he was trying to say to something much simpler. "I won't. Well, you cured my limp, after all."
John shrugged, "Yea, yea. I'm sorry...wait. Thirty minutes?" He slammed the door in Greg's face, Greg responded with "You fucking cunt wanker!" through the closed door. John looked at his phone and calculated he had fifteen minutes to get ready before he had to leave to go downstairs. No time to shower or really make sure he looked sharp in a freshly ironed shirt. Just enough time to get dressed in a polo and slacks and put a bit of product in his hair.
As John moved his hand to cup around the back of Sherlock's neck, there was a quick knock and the door opened. William stood in the entryway, with Sherlock's parents behind him. They were chattering over the blessing and the blackhouse work.
"I have them. I bought them, while you were gone....and when you took a while to come home....I felt foolish." Sherlock opens his bedside drawer, showing John the box of condoms and lubricant. Sherlock begins to sniffle again, just as John tackles him back onto the bed.
William, plaids for drying over his arms, came in with hot water and a tray full of bathing soaps and herbs. Sherlock, mid- kiss, flushed a brilliant shade of red, looked at William over his shoulder. John pulled the comforters over them and they hid underneath, giggling like children.
Well, sleep being a general term. More accurate would be laying in his bed willing himself not to go visit Robert in his bedroom.
John smiled, but he knew it would look fake and insincere. Luckily, Julie mistook it for nerves, "It will be fine. It's simple, just as you both wanted. He loves you."
After the actors were dressed, made up, and on stage, John sat down on the couch. Not meaning to, he fell asleep, his lullaby the actors running their lines over the speakers in the green room. He cocked one eye open when he felt pressure on the couch.
"Oh, no, I do makeup and prosthetic design. My actual name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes. My parents wanted to give my brother and I unique names."
John could picture it. Sherlock's gorgeous cock, only the head of it disappearing into the very edge of John's quivering hole. He imagined he was red from all Sherlock's attention, weeping with lubricant. He imagined Sherlock's hand over his back, grabbing at his shirt, pushing him down onto the bench. Just enough teasing pain, but not enough. He needed friction.
Sherlock pulled John closer, slipping against him in the spray, "I was so cruel to you. I just didn't want to be hurt, if you didn't love me-"
"And that upset you," She squeezed his hands, "Maybe Greg, as your brother-in-law, cares about you? And he wants you to be cared for? And he knows that it might be….well, hurtful to see someone who has gone through what you have? You took me in, Sherlock. You are lovely. Do not be surprised when other people treat you as if you deserve every kindness."
"I'm glad I'm here. To meet you and Hamish. Despite all the pain," Sherlock felt John pull him closer, his eyes deep blue, offset by his tanned face. Sherlock put his shaking hand on John's jaw, "Thank you."
As soon as he opened his bedroom door, he smelled carrots, roast, and potatoes. He didn't know that his stove and oven even worked.  Mrs. Hudson, John, and Hamish were all on the living room floor, playing Cluedo. John and Hamish were arguing whether or not the victim could kill themselves, as Hamish could see no other option. Mrs. Hudson was laughing, barely able to breathe, tears streaming down her face.
"So," she smiled, "I'm going to have to give Sherlock here a new nickname." She walked away, carrying her clipboard and her binder.
John pulled Sherlock's face down for another kiss, running his fingers through Sherlock's curls, tracing his fingers across his cheekbone. As he came, spilling over onto their bellies, he felt tears creep down his face. Sherlock gingerly kissed them away. As John pulsed around Sherlock, he cried, "I'm coming, John," John shushed him with another kiss.
Sherlock isn't answering. John wipes his tears with his Tshirt that's around his neck and pushes back his curls, "I love you. It terrified me. You. And Moriarty. It hurt. I wanted...wanted to save you for once."
"John, John please. John. Stop." He keeps walking towards the sound if his footsteps, hoping that John will wait for him.
"Where is he? How do you know he's safe?" Moriarty gestures outward, raising his voice. Billy moves closer to him, John straightens his spine.
As everyone trickled out of the theatre, John began cleaning up, giving Sherlock permission to leave and get some rest. Instead, he offered to buy him dinner, "As a thank you for showing him around the scene shop," An hour later, they sat on the green room couch, giggling and eating pizza and drinking beer, sharing stories of the most horrible bosses, or directors, they'd worked with.
John and Sherlock are in their bullet proof vests. Robert, Mycroft and Roderick all know that John and Sherlock would rather die together than one live and the other perish, so it took Mycroft physically snapping them on the two men.
John was breathing, desperately trying to keep himself from sobbing. Sherlock could tell by the shaking shoulders and his clenched jaw, "After Abigail, I just imagined, we'd become a blended family. That we'd get together finally. But Mycroft came and ruined-" He flinched, "Sorry."
"You have beautiful, blue eyes. They're absolutely gorgeous," Sherlock began, and he watched John blush, "I would make sure to put on a foundation - which I won't do to you - as it's thick and heavy - but the foundation would be just a little deeper version of your natural tone. I don't want the light to wash you out, I want the audience to see your eyes as much as possible," at this, he took a brush and ran his fingertip over John's eyelid to close it, "I would put just a hint of honeysuckle and cinnamon on your eyelid and in your eye crease, to pop out the blue, so everyone, even in the back, could see your eyes."
Hamish stepped back a bit, smiling up at both of them. He held onto Mr. Detective's sleeve as he spoke, "I was practicing doing experiments. I've been decaying leaves from different areas at different times to determine how they mold and decay. I've been writing it in my journal. It might come in useful. If someone goes into the leaves, and they are on their shoes, and where they come from…"
The rest of the day John and Sherlock spent in the flat, cleaning and straightening it up. Mrs. Hudson was traveling over the weekend and the two men would help Greg the next week with a rather involved and difficult cold case. Unbeknownst to Sherlock, John arranged for his parents to pick up Hamish for the rest of the weekend.
Sherlock felt the horse push into him, wrapping his neck around to get to some grass behind him. Sherlock laughed, feeling tears prick out of the corners of his eyes. He remembered riding his horses barebacked in this very pasture, and he longed to feel like a child again. Safe. Care free. Happy.
As Sherlock climaxes, John takes himself in hand, stroking himself until they're both spent. Covered in mess, Sherlock gives John a lazy kiss on the nose then rolls off the bed to get a flannel.
John didn’t bother texting. He took out his phone and dialed. No answer, rang straight to Sherlock's voicemail. He didn't even consider how he was dressed. He ran down the stairs, hollering down as he opened the door, "I'll be back, Mrs. Hudson!"
"Are you still angry at me, Sherlock? Do you not want me to come along on this case?" John sat down on the couch, turning his body so he could just view Sherlock's profile.
The first pages are detailed schematics of how the Christmas party at the Holmes parents is going to go, down to their scripts and clothing, and the takedown of Magnussen. The takedown of Magnussen is not detailed, but simply states "John will follow Sherlock's lead when they visit him."
Sherlock was trembling, linking his fingers through John's. He needed to tether himself to here and now, to feel John's pulse in his wrist with his fingertips. Sherlock moved his torso so his mouth could press against the pulse in John's neck. John shifted, pulling Sherlock so the lanky detective was half laying on top of John.
John jumps up, coming close to Sherlock, looking him in the eyes. Jesus, the detective is shaking as he holds on to the letters, but he isn't breaking eye contact. From what John can tell, Sherlock's eyes are open and true. John walks a few steps away, hands behind his back, at attention.
Sherlock knelt, putting his arm around John's waist. He hoisted John up to standing. John laughed, "You're much stronger than you look." Sherlock laughed. They walked together to a shaded area by the paddock. Sherlock laid John down gently onto the grass.
John, who has never interrupted Sherlock's playing, can't help himself, "Why are you playing the song you wrote for Irene?"
Inspection was scheduled for the next morning. There was nothing left to do but wait for the union inspector.
John put his hands on both of Sherlock's arms, putting them to his sides, stopping both the tirade of words and the distressed hand gestures that accompanied them. The two men stared at each other a moment, the silence only broken by Hamish's adjustment of the microscope dials.
John smiled, "Hamish got rid of that kidnapper with a chair. I wouldn't discount his ability to defend himself completely. And, frankly, I'd be more afraid if we didn't move in together. He was extremely vicious when he thought we'd broken up."
John's face turned pink, and his neck and exposed chest turned red. He didn't reply, and instead clicked and snapped the reins, Soilleir responding with an increased speed and jump in her step. Sherlock felt the breeze blow his hair and the scent of lavender as they rounded the turn to the stable. The back of the house was full of lavender bushes, so full and fragrant there was just a small path to the stables. John pulled the reins over a post, telling Sherlock, "My farmhands will finish putting her away. Bring the bag."
John cleared his throat, "It's common after hitting one's head to have some memory lapse. You can be assured your brother can defend himself quite readily when needed."
Sherlock took two steps into the hallway. John, distracted by the sight in front of him, ran straight into the back of Sherlock with a wet slap. Sherlock was looking to the right, towards the couch, with a scowl on his face.
John trailed off. Greg turned back to front, and without even looking at John, he raised his left hand and flicked John in the ear as hard as he could, snapping the cartilage. John winced, yelping, the pain exacerbated by the surprise and his pounding head. Two women in the row ahead of them turned around and looked, one shushed him. All John could do was mouth the word
John would never remember feeling so heartbroken. Sherlock begins to sob, and could hardly get his words to form.
"He's asleep, m'lord, lying in his bed," Tavis answered, catching John's arm when he tried to walk past him to the house, "Let him rest. May we talk, you and I? Besides his brother, I think I know him better than anyone on this earth. At least since his
He remembered everything from those days in hospital after Afghanistan. The pain, the ache, the lonliness. This would be far worse. He didn't know if Sherlock would talk to him, see him, he wanted to die. But Sherlock was alive, wasn't he?
Sleepy, they had enough presence of mind to cover each other with a sheet. John tucked himself into the crook of Sherlock's neck, still breathing heavily. Sherlock tenderly ran his fingers through John's hair and kissed his forehead as John drifted to sleep.
As Mrs. Hudson got dressed, Sherlock guided them both to the couch. Sherlock wasn't sure where to start. He kept opening and closing his mouth, twisting his hands together.
"Not tonight, sweetheart, I have a headache," John winked, helping Sherlock stop off at the bathroom, then helping him to bed. Sherlock knew he could've stubbornly cared for himself on his own, but this was infinitely better.
Without thinking about it, Sherlock surprised himself by lifting up John's hand and kissing it. He pressed his lips to the knuckles, then to the palm. He had seen his parents kiss each other's hands that way, and his brother had kissed Gregory's hand that way. Perhaps he would feel affection for his betrothed if he acted it, the way he saw his parents and brother do so.
"Shut up and kiss me," John grinned, pulling Sherlock up. John stood, grabbing Sherlock by the hips, picking him up. Instinctively, Sherlock wrapped his legs around John's waist as he carried him back to the couch, kissing him the entire time. "Oh my god, you're carrying me to the green room couch?"
Sherlock pulled himself closer, kissing John's shoulder. They sat, silent, lazily running their fingers along each other's arms, ribs. A knock at the door interrupted their cuddle.
Sherlock allowed his betrothed to hold his hand on the way back to his home, the stallion calmly walking behind them. Sherlock asked quietly, "Are you staying here for a few days? Before we leave?"
Mycroft leaves them. They are to await further instructions; Mycroft will be bringing supplies. They are stuck here; they cannot leave. The destroyed Baker Street flat serves as a cover for their absence. Mrs. Hudson is safe with family for the time being.
"No, you don't, young man. You've been in here for the better part of four days. You aren't really sleeping, you compose sad music that you scratch out at all hours of the day, and you aren't eating. I don't think you've bathed for days. You have to join the land of the living."
"Magnussen wants to hurt John," Moriarty snaps in the middle of a dull hostage discussion (when can you let Seb go? Honestly.) "You're going to need to watch everything with that man. He will breathe fire and set all the plans a flame." He flutters his hand up in a flick of his wrist and undulating fingers, whistling a mimicry of a bomb careening to earth. He ruins his own dramatic gesture by popping his gum at the whistle's end.
Tavis had to hold Sherlock's arm and guide him to his brother's side of the aisle. Sherlock stumbled, and Tavis reminded him to breathe. Sitting down beside his cousin, Sherlock whispered into his ear, "What do you know about what I'm wearing? What is my mother trying to accomplish?"
"No, I am," Sherlock wanted a hole to appear and swallow him up, "I'm 25 and a virgin. I've had plenty of men laugh at me, so if that's what you're going to do, then leave-"
John sat up quickly. He inadvertently ground his hips into Sherlock's, their erections touching, just the woolen fabric between them, "Did he kiss you? And you didn't want it?" The thought of that wicked man touching his Sherlock was giving him visions of burying
John scooted across the bed, wrapping one arm underneath Sherlock, and one arm over his hip. He took his fingers and wrapped them around Sherlock's, pulling him tight. He felt himself growing hard, as his pelvis was pressed against Sherlock's hip and arse. John did his best to keep his breathing under control, but he could see his warm breath was leaving some moist condensation on Sherlock's collarbone.
"Sherlock, forgive me, you scared me," John kisses the tops of his thighs, near his knees, then picks his head up to look in Sherlock's eyes, "Do you understand? This was a full military operation. I didn't...couldn't watch you..." John puts his hand on Sherlock's left cheek. He tilts his head into the touch, rolling his jaw into John stroking his neck with his thumb.
"He'll be sleeping on the couch, outside our door," the detective answered. Even if he weren't outside the door, the boy could probably deduce everyting.
John rolls his eyes, pouncing on top of Sherlock, holding his hands above his head. Sherlock wiggles happily, but he's pinned underneath his doctor. John kisses his collarbone, his neck, his chest, all at a maddeningly slow pace. He wants to love Sherlock, make love with him, as they've been so hurried and desperate before.
John didn't correct himself. Instead, he slowly relaxed, his breathing became deeper, and it was clear he was deeply asleep.
hitched to it. She will pull us to my house for a fortnight so we may celebrate our wedding union alone. I want you to know this is only for a bit, so we can then gather everything of mine to bring back to our home, with your family here. At the place we will marry and pledge ourselves to one another, that is where we will settle. I've missed you, my love. I cannot wait to see you. Your dearest, John."
John and Mycroft were no closer to the answer, but he knew the next step was getting Sherlock safe. He nodded at the agent, Mycroft's man, sent to guard the block. He started up the stairs, but halfway up, he heard the door open, and Sherlock came bounding down.
Sherlock awoke, unsure if it was minutes, or hours, later. The smell of smoke was stronger, but he wasn't warm. His head vibrated and his leg ached. He looked around, but his vision was blurry. All he saw was figures moving around, which made him dizzy. He closed his eyes. He felt light touches on his arms and legs, and his head was cradled in someone's lap. He turned his head and felt the rough fabric of a plaid wrapped around him and fingers touching his scalp in patterned light presses. His mouth was dry as he tried to speak.
"I hardly know you," Sherlock said quietly, rolling his palm over John's and tracing the veins in his hand and arms, "I feel comfortable with you, I'm not afraid of you, I enjoy your company thus far, but I don't know you."
because I've made my decision. You don't get to come down here until you've made yours. And you can't go back. I can't go back on my decision. I've already told you more than enough to show you. Be brave. You've got a brave heart, Mycroft, I see that. Put it to good use."
John's face was unreadable. His eyes were searching Sherlock's back and forth quickly, as his hand tightly grasped his waist, "Thank you."
Sherlock peeled himself away from John and moved to the sitting room. He stared out the window, rubbing his arms, watching as the sky lightened. He slowly realized John had been calling his name over and over.
John gave Sherlock a smacking kiss on the lips before grabbing his hand and taking him down to his parents. His head was spinning as he watched John's kilt sway on his hips, his shins red from the cold morning air, the sinewy muscles on his forearm and bicep flexing. Tavis stopped them, taking the jar out of Sherlock's hand and gingerly removing the decorative rock, wraping the sinewy cord around his wrist and creating a bracelet, the rock lying flat across the top of his wrist. Tavis pulled another rock with sinew out of his kilt, and taking John's hand, wrapped this one around his wrist. Both rocks were decorated the same, one side decorated with the Holmes' plaid, one side with the Watson's. Sherlock looked at John with his eyebrow raised.
Sherlock stood up and turn around quickly, earning a wince and a jump back from Mrs. Hudson. "Sorry, I'm sorry Mrs. Hudson. I didn't realize you were standing there, or that I'd spoken out loud."
"I've got to keep you two safe. I don't know if I can keep you two safe, my line of work is dangerous," Sherlock stepped closer to John, talking softly, "I would never forgive myself if anything happened. I worry constantly. I just don't know if I can do this."
John is awake for the day at 6 a.m.; he had let Sherlock stay in bed. His mind is going in a million different directions as he sits at the table by the outside windows. He looked up at the silly plastic cow's skull on the wall above him. It was, well, silly. No other way to describe it. Why had Sherlock thought to put something like that on the wall? For fun, maybe? To be ironic?
Sherlock never intended to wait; a Holmes brother would always be the one to put a bullet in Magnussen's skull.
John sat up and let Sherlock lead him to the prop closet. Theatres were always so pressed for space they would hide and tuck props, furniture, and old costumes into every available hiding place. Lights were kept under stairs. Costumes stored near makeup boxes. These props were stored in a sound proof, cinder block room next to the furnace and boiler.
Sherlock goes on and on and on. While John cooks, while John eats, while John watches telly, even while John bathes.
John falters, but only for a second. Stands his ground and squares his jaw against the heat rising in his cheeks. “What?”
I apologize for my absence. The good news is wedding season is over. The even better news is my hours are changing and I’ll have more time on my hands. Win-win!
He scans the crowd until he sees a familiar face. Grits his teeth before he shoulders his way through the throng of twenty-somethings. He seriously considers whacking them with his cane like a fucking old man.
“You have a man crush?” Sherlock is most certainly intrigued. He’s all but repeated himself. “More than one?”
Sherlock pads closer, abandoning his microscope. Something more interesting has caught his attention. Grey hairs. Reaches out to touch, leans in to smell. To taste. Kisses the back of John’s head.
John unzips his fly. He brings himself to completion with the same hand that conducted Sherlock’s climax.
John blinks. Checks the projector again, though he’s not sure why. “We’re in the wrong threatre.” He stands up.
Oh, I am a horrible author. I was told to update my fic and here I am. I'll try to do better. *smooches*
Sherlock raises his eyebrows. Takes him less than a second to conclude John isn’t scheming to make him eat. Mostly because John is too tired to put up a decent fight.  “Mother was a waitress.”
does not hold everything in the balance. Most things. Lots of things. But not everything. John isn’t everything, either, but he contributes a key element to Sherlock’s everything. Sherlock will be damned if he accepts a mimicry of John’s resplendence. Forced to revise his metamorphosis from a solitary creature of habit to a solitary creature of habit with a John.
John opens his somewhat-bleary eyes. The sound of Sherlock’s voice ebbing and flowing, blurred edges and sharp vowels flushing down his ears. Sherlock touches John’s chest. His skin is warm. Dry and tight. John inhales deeply through his nose. The smell of algae and sun-baked flesh. “Hm?” Stretches. Back arching, elbows locked. “’S’it time to go?” Fingers intertwine over his head.
Sherlock has poor circulation. His fingers and his toes are always freezing cold. Which explains his tendency to wear his greatcoat all year round and Sherlock swears up and down it isn’t because he thinks it looks cool. (
In Sherlock’s opinion, it’s a mistake to theorize without all the facts. “John is characteristically romantic in his depiction of me and my work. And the papers? Oooh,” he purrs. “Must be true.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows quiver. A tic as close to an amused expression as John will engender on the estate. “Yes. Do tell me about the time your mother blackmailed you into attending a birthday party you have no interest in celebrating. During which, the landed gentry not only ogle the proverbial black sheep of the Holmes family, but take it upon themselves to harass your flatmate?”
“I believed in you,” he whispers. And it’s not a reprimand. He’s not blaming Sherlock for three years of inexplicable bereavement, for living day in and day out with the burden of another human being tattooed on the backs of his eyelids, tormenting him in the dead of the night. No, it’s an endorsement. John believed in him. Believed he wasn’t the fake he said he was. Wasn’t dead, maybe.
“Your question is rhetorical, John. You know I hate rhetorical devices,” he lies. “I don’t need you to lecture me on my negligent behavior this evening, thanks.” Sherlock pockets a bottle of pain-killers. (
Sherlock hooks his thumbs in the waistband of his trousers, frames the V of his groin with lithe arms and delicate wrists. Another pelvic thrust. Enough to jostle the shirt off his shoulders. Like black gossamer, floating around his body. And fluttering with each. Aborted. Thrust.
Sherlock stops short when he hears the lift chime at the end of the corridor. The doors slide open to reveal none other than Anderson. He’s reviewing some sort of pamphlet so he hasn’t noticed them yet.
John waits. And waits. Honestly surprised Mrs. Hudson or Lestrade or Mycroft hasn’t walked in on them yet. “This is awkward.”
The worst of the season is over. Thank God. Updates will continue to be sporadic throughout the month of May, but I won't be going weeks without posting again. =)
“Uh. S’up,” John says nasally. “Brah, I totally wrecked my dad’s Viper las’ night. I was so wasted, brah.”
John Watson is not angry. He’s dazed. More than a little confused. He tries. Desperately tries to reconfigure the grounds for his rage. “Why do you keep doing that? Stop doing that.”
“Shh, John.” Sherlock changes the wallpaper. A shot of Sherlock antagonizing John with a too-big smile and John pulling a face. The likes of which would frighten small children. Sherlock adjusts the screen resolution and rotation, inverting the mouse controls. By the time he’s finished tweaking Anderson’s computer settings, John can’t…he just can’t.
John is mopping the kitchen floor. If grinding a wet rag against the linoleum with the heel of his bare foot can be called mopping. He stops. Blinks at Sherlock, who is sitting in his chair. John shifts his weight. His toes stick to the gelid tiles. “Congratulations.”
“Oh God no. Little Martin? Can you imagine that? He wouldn’t be allowed anyway, he’s got to be the grumpy Hobbit. He’d be down on the ground looking all cool and mod-like with his shades, listening to some ska going, “Yeah that looked like fun, you tw*t.” Whereas I’m there jumping around like Tigger.” - Benedict Cumberbatch on whether Martin Freeman went skydiving with him while filming in New Zealand.
Sherlock sprawls over John’s body. Observing the signs of his escalating arousal with quicksilver eyes. Grossly fascinating, as always. “Why?” Calloused fingertips of his left hand skittering around the crook of John’s arm. Licks his lips, drawing John’s attention to his mouth.
His stores of information give way like the Red Sea before…before whoever it was. Gandhi? Sherlock doesn’t know. Doesn’t care to know. But he’s inside his own head, statistics, encyclopedic configurations, bone and debris and mud and fingernails. Granules of sand prickle the balls of his bare feet. The swish of his robe as he weaves down the hallway to his illusory bedroom.
Sherlock forgets about the receipts and the apparently not-so-subtle play for John’s affections. “Case related,” he lobs.
“My fingers are like jam,” Sherlock announces. Starts once he perceives that John is standing next to him, half-empty glass of water in his shaking left hand.
Sherlock wakes John in the middle of the night. He’s working. Still wearing his trousers and his button down. Bleary-eyed, but alert for trouble, John rolls over on his back to ask, “Whas’it?”
John grapples with his weight. Pins Sherlock’s wrists over his head. “What do you think?” John asks with feigned nonchalance, once he’s sure neither of them are about to fall on their asses.
Might as well enjoy it while it lasts. As much as Sherlock can enjoy even a modicum of Mycrfot’s charity.
John Watson is there. Rather, everything he knows about John Watson is there. Missing pieces. Frayed threads. He’s not wearing shoes, either. Sherlock rakes his knuckles against his philtrum. Rests his elbow on the back of his wrist. Fingers drumming against his hipbone. Tchaikovsky. He’s having trouble visualizing a combination of John and love. Somehow, he thought the beatific chaos binding his lungs would change his opinion of John. Or of himself.
“Because.” John gestures at Elijah Wood with the remote. His attempt to coax an explanation is uninspiring. “It is what it is, Sherlock. And I like it.” He adds, “Now shut up,” very seriously, but very playfully at the same time. Somehow.
"No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main." - John Donne
John shrugs his shoulders. Ambles around the room with his hands in his pockets. “I wouldn’t say harass.” It’s only natural for civilians to ask him questions:
I'm currently using a random-word generator for drabble prompts. If you would like me to experiment with a certain word, message me. Because it sounds like fun.
Sherlock is not good at dating. Or dates. He finds them boring. Predictable. Tedious. Sherlock wouldn’t call himself a connoisseur, per se, but he’s disrupted enough of John’s half-arsed attempts to woo the fairer sex to have a good idea of what to expect. Dinner. A movie. Heinous.
was applied to all blue pigments. Mixtures of copper and cobaltous oxides, early attempts to create the ever elusive sky-blue. Rayleigh scattering, molecules of oxygen and nitrogen and white light. When the pigment cerulean was first invented, it superseded its predecessors.
. Sherlock cares less about his sex life than he does about teenagers. (Though, his sex life and murder? Could be interesting.)
Sherlock tugs on John’s trousers before he can gather the momentum to leave. (Sherlock has a way of sapping his momentum to the bare bone, damn him.) He steels himself to speak. Like it’s a gargantuan effort to appeal to John with the dreaded P word. “Please.”
Pursue suggesting to follow. To catch. Which doesn’t make sense. He’s already caught. Sherlock touches John’s hand. Sliding his fingers around his wrist. Surreptitiously taking his pulse. Elevated.
Sherlock opens his mouth to reply. A twist, a tug, and he chokes on a snarky retort. Goes with, “I think…” Gasp. “...I’m in good hands.”
Sherlock gasps, throws his head back against the cushions. “Ah…John…” Hard to breathe. “You’re...heavy!”
“Looks like the cat is out of the bag,” John says. Steps into the elevator behind Sherlock, who’s trying unsuccessfully to appear innocent and inconspicuous steepling his fingers against his mouth, pleased with himself. “Happy?”
When John falls asleep, Sherlock discards the rag. But he keeps rubbing. Massaging. Kneading the pads of his fingers and thumbs into John’s flesh. Imprints. He would love to leave imprints. But not really. Because Sherlock is woefully imperfect. Doesn't want to leave traces of his imperfect self on an otherwise perfect human being. And yet he means to keep John, despite his best intentions. It’s too late, really. It’s too late not to keep him.
Must be written all over Sherlock’s face because Mycroft grins wryly. “He’s the best thing that’s ever happened to you. I’m afraid,” he says, picking lint from the arm of John’s chair, “that if he were to sever ties during this particular juncture of your…”
"Yeah. Dunno why he was at the Yard to begin with, but we shared the lift. He told me he had a headache. I told him it was a tumor."
John is pouring over a ream of text messages. Printed, portrait, at 120% for his convenience. And how is it, exactly, that Sherlock can be so accommodating and so insulting at the same time? John sighs. Grinds his knuckles against his temples. He’s seeing double, eyes shifting against his will. Losing focus. He has no earthly idea how long it’s been since the start of Sherlock’s most recent case.
John stretches. Laces his fingers over his head. Concentrates on the beating on his heart, striking every joint, a resounding chorus of
Sherlock does not weave through the crowd. The crowd breaks upon Sherlock’s resolve, receding, slipping into the sea of bodies.
Sherlock’s eyes are unguarded. John catches a glimpse of his great heart as well as his great brain. It damn near undoes him.
. That’s rather nice. John braces himself on Sherlock’s shoulder. Hand slips off and into his hair, but not before scratching Sherlock’s neck with his thumbnail. “S-Sorry,” John stutters. Not really paying attention, though. Too busy perching the nib of the pen on Sherlock’s brow. Begins scratching letters across his forehead and Sherlock unhelpfully furrows his eyebrows, displacing John’s very black and very permanent writing utensil with every facial expression he pulls. “Stop it.”
They’re walking home from Angelo’s, the streets a symphony of London nightlife. Crisp, autumn air. Teasing Sherlock’s fringe. The conversation between them gives birth to brave, new worlds inside John’s chest.
God, how can ordinary people stand these feelings? A superior specimen though he may be, he’s incapable of compartmentalizing the overabundance of gratitude and admiration and sheer joy John arouses in his heart, his head, his bloody toes for all Sherlock knows. Every square inch of him hyperaware of John’s hands flat against his back, John’s head on his shoulder. Points of contact, live wires. The feedback nearly sends Sherlock over the edge. Almost makes him scream with the intensity of it. Scream, bite, curse as he dissolves under the unashamed affection in John’s voice, in his eyes.
His fingers slide over the heavy material. Between his thighs a fire starts burning. First it’s nothing more than a glow. But when the image of a half-naked John wearing nothing but these army trousers doesn’t vanish, it starts to grow bigger and wilder, sprawls out into every corner of Sherlock’s body.
Sherlock keeps his eyes closed. He can’t bear light now. Shivers. His head is so cold. His mind is on fire.
“Yeah, I should. Probably. Good morning.” Sherlock turns around, leaves the policeman behind.The basket hums like a hive.
I feel every single drop. One two three on my forehead. Too cold. Too monotonous. One two three. The same distance hands touch on clock faces. One two three.
The policeman’s expression changes, slides his hand to his belt. “Sir, please come out of the flower bed. Now.”
Sherlock babbles and gabbles and John knows that something is wrong. “Any details yet?”, he wants to know. But the detective isn’t at his side anymore. He turns around. Sherlock stands under a magnolia tree, its flowers slightly wilting, stares at something.
And because he is alone in this little cubicle and because he doesn’t care about what his mind thinks – probably for the first time in his life – he gives in to the arousal in his length. He lets his hand slide into his pants, grabs his cock. An astonished gasp leaves his lips.
Adam laughs, not unfriendly. “That’s how long we have to work on our project. Mrs Jones just told us so. But I guess you’ve already figured out everything, have the whole experiment worked through in your head.”
And because ivy bees don’t live in groups no one will miss this one. As if bees would miss each other anyway…
He presses his face into the soft material. Bumble smells like home, comfort and childhood. The blue circle reappears.
“I really don’t know how to”, Sherlock whispers. Tears springing to his eyes. He doesn’t shiver from the cold anymore but John’s anger.
“Bloody hell, no. How many collections do you already have? How many of them are not stored in your own bedroom?”
Sherlock’s scared heart races. He can’t let such an experience as the one with Adam happen to him ever again. He has to stop touching himself, at least.
He must have looked puzzled because Adam now giggles. “Manner of reaction of alkanes”, he helps out.
In a split second Captain Watson stares right into the boys heart, recognises the vulnerability. Childlike innocence. For a moment he is appalled. Still, he doesn’t soften his grip.
Sherlock puts the other petri dishes on the kitchen table behind him while he still stares at the broken one. He wants to move aside. Steps into a piece of glass with his left bare foot. The splinter cuts through several layers of skin. Blood and pain. Sherlock gasps.
He needs to dedicate a notebook to John. A whole notebook full of deductions. And now also questions. John has never been a person to ask questions about before. What has changed?
John looks sceptically, his lips form a fine line. His flatmate looks a bit crazy while he hobbles over the floor, muffled in this big white sheet.
When the two baskets are organised Sherlock turns to a big dark box in the furthest corner of the wardrobe. He has opened it before. Just once. Its content has made something to Sherlock that has scared and confused him.
The door bell rings. So Mycroft has arrived already. Sherlock won’t hurry for him. Back in his bedroom Sherlock takes his time to decide what to wear today. It’s rather inconvenient that he has to get dressed. But he definitely won’t wear shoes. They are only going over to his parents after all. No need to be formal.
yet again, because this wouldn't have been the same without her. Having someone to talk about the writing and to help me with everything made the process easier and much more fun.
The body was, indeed, transport, but sex could be good, and that Sherlock could understand – despite of normally preferring not to risk it – but love and emotions had never fitted on Sherlock's schedule. Why let some chemical reactions make him feel like a slave of someone? He had the cocaine, and he used it to feed his mind. He didn't need anything else.
Sherlock looked miserable. And that alone was enough to make John worried. It was always a possibility that Sherlock could seem uninterested in opening the trunk because he thought it would be useless, but this was different. John knew Sherlock and that look on his face wasn't nonchalance, it was fear.
“I wanted to find treasures and break the rules, why would I have a parrot?” Sherlock asked, confused.
"I understand," John said. And he did. John could understand that memories weren't just facts jammed in Sherlock's brain like all the scientific and practical data he had. When they were revealed, they revealed not only the facts that had happened, but also all the emotions included. And John knew Sherlock wasn't good at that.
John smiled. If anyone asked him what he wanted of life, he’d say exactly that. Even with the drama, the insufficient sleep and the general chaos of Sherlock. “Yes, I will,” he said after a moment. “So, Mycroft knew how to deal with you, I dare say he still knows.”
At least he remembered of putting his scarf on his inner pocket. He was going to have something warm and dry to put around his neck at the hateful funeral.
- And John wished now he had thrown a punch to wipe off that mocking expression from that bloke's face.
“Oh,” John said, trying to make sense of what he had just listened. He wasn't going to tell Sherlock that he had almost admitted that he liked his brother, but he had done just that.
John looked startled at Sherlock. He tried to suppress the urge to a) have an outburst worthy of a Holmes, b) laugh until his jaw hurt, c) cry until his eyes bleed. He was already relieved, thinking that he wouldn't have to answer when Sherlock spoke again.
"Yes, something like that," John chuckled. "You've never really liked eating, have you? In the second Christmas photo you're still not even one-year-old and you're already too skinny. "
It took all Mycroft's patience not to knock him on the head with it. Not a single sodding drop on that wild curly hair that remembered Mycroft so much of his mother's that he needed a second to recollect himself.
So, when Victor had showed such inclinations, Sherlock found himself being even more cruel than he was with other people. Of course he knew that leaving Victor behind after being invited to his family house was more than a bit not good. Maybe some psychobabble about fear and things like that could make sense to normal people, but not for Sherlock.
Not for the first time since John had moved in to Baker Street, Sherlock felt relieved that his friend was such a quiet and understanding man. When they first met, even if Sherlock could deduce all the facts about his life, he couldn't have foreseen that John would fit so perfectly in his every day life.
Sherlock ran his eyes through the paper and smiled to himself before quickly trying to sound annoyed. “Mycroft definitely chose the things in this trunk, the fat bastard.”
Sherlock gave him a little nod. Still no words. Mycroft was thankful for that, he wouldn't know what to do with them, anyway. And of course Sherlock didn't put on his tie.
him. But love was never one of them, and he had never felt any shred of guilt about the way he had treated him. For many motives. But first, and most important, because he really didn't believe such thing as love existed. He really didn't. For him, it was all an invention that ordinary people would hold on to in order to escape their pathetic lives.
don't want Sherlock's brain working in a way to rebel against someone who took our Grandfather's Stradivarius. He does love to be dramatic about it,” Mycroft said, with a sigh, walking towards the door. Sherlock could hear him turning to the Headmaster one last time. “Ah, and the Greek was, indeed, wrong. Good afternoon.”
John was never prepared to see that look on Sherlock's face, that look he had on his face when he thought he had seen a gigantic hound. John was never prepared to realize how young Sherlock seemed in those times.
John wished he could answer, but he couldn't. Of course it mattered. This was as near as anyone could get to Sherlock, to make him think before doing something stupid. Sherlock was right – of course he was – John would never believe him if he said he wouldn't do it. John knew he would, that he wouldn't give up on anything because of anyone, that he only followed his own brain. John had learned to accept that. Sherlock was who he was and John wasn't sure he could give up on any of the parts attached to the mad bastard.
, does he want. And if Johns lifeline were branded on his tumescent flesh forever and always he’d be just fine with that.
A moment of shock and disbelief. Slim and Hotty take it upon themselves to follow Deez to the loo. Bird is frozen, pint poised against his lips.
“Yes. Alright.” John fights the urge to yank his covers from under Sherlock and pull them over his head. “Thinking cap, on.”
John bins his lunch. They make for the Yard, falling in stride. Before they leave the park, John stops Sherlock with a quiet “Um.” and his eyes are trained on the kinky rabbit somewhere to the left of Sherlock’s ear. “Thank you. For.” John shoves his hands in his pockets. “The break.”
John tugs on the collar of Sherlock’s shirt and Sherlock stoops. Fully expects John to kiss him. Cliché. Romantic.
. He’d almost forgotten…how amazing John is. How his sense of home manifested itself in the shape of his dearest friend, utterly and completely, and John draws back. Damn near takes Sherlock’s heart with him. Lurching like it’s trying to follow, trying to minimize the distance between the two of them because nothing on this Earth will separate Sherlock and John so cruelly ever again.
John scowls. He sits back down amongst irate demands from the patrons. Sinks deep in his seat. What must people think? Two, grown men watching Twilight?
Mycroft has a way of frowning with his entire body. Brow furrowed. Shoulders tense. Fingers tighten on the handle of his umbrella. “The risk of what?”
John forgets how to breathe. Then he remembers who he’s talking to. “Don’t scare me like that, Jesus.”
Sherlock narrows his eyes at a party of clowns. They tempt passerby with overpriced balloon animals he would sooner pop than accept graciously. If they touch him, he will retaliate in one of fifty-seven ways. Fifteen of which are lethal.
“Did you kill Manny again because you can or because multiple stab wounds to the bum is case-related?”
Sherlock breathes deeply through his nose. "Yes," he answers. Touches the matching band on his left hand. "I'm fine."
John squints. Tilts his head in the other direction. “Seriously? I…” Nudges Sherlock once he realizes his flatmate is having him on. “What do you really see?”
“You didn’t answer my question.” Of course not. But John knows Sherlock’s weakness. Curveballs. “I haven’t danced with a bloke before, no. Wouldn’t mind dancing with a few.”
“Sherlock,” John tries his hand at an imitation of Greg, albeit a sleepy Greg. “Fancy divulging this week’s lottery numbers? Thanks, mate.”
When he returns, eight hours later, Sherlock is standing on the couch looking incredibly bored and confused at the same time. “This game is atrocious.”
. Capillaries widening, flooding his face with heat. Cascading down and further down, pooling tender in the pit of his stomach. He. He wants to—he. Can’t think. Scrambles to gather his thoughts; the trifles he needed to examine more closely are swelling beneath his feet. Crawling up his legs like ants and he should take John’s face in his hands, shouldn’t he? Adjust the angle? There?
Three hours, two texts, and a dozen paintings later, Lestrade is reading Miss Haversham her rights and John is still naked in his sheet. “Sherlock,” he says. “If I ever have to strip for a case again, it’ll be too soon.”
I'm sorry, I've been sick. I couldn't NOT write something for Valentine's Day, though. Forgive me for the randomness and the not-traditionally-romanticness of this chapter. I'm going back to bed. 9-6
It’s decimating. How John envisions him so clearly. A merger of yesterdays, resonating eternal between his ears. Penetrating his frontal lobe in synch with the beating on his heart. The past colligates with the present and he knows he’s off the deep end. But he can’t. There are no words. No real words.
Sherlock falls silent, much to John’s consternation. Now that he isn’t dying of cerebral hypoxia, he begins to notice
“Yes, well. Come here.” Reaches for Sherlock. A hand on the back of his neck. The crinkle of receipts under their knees.
John grabs his laptop. Prods at Sherlock’s legs until he makes room for John to sit down. “C’mon. We’re watching a movie.”
—and gasping, gasping, gasping for more. I love you. I love you. I love you. Each caress, each kiss. Each roll of John’s hips is his reply. He whispers the words in Sherlock’s ear, shouts them at his heart. Loud and clear. “I love you, too.”
“It’s not safe to wander alone,” the young man tells Sherlock, but his eyes are trained on John. “Mummy will be concerned if she finds you missing.”
“You’re being irritatingly literal right now. Let’s revisit the practice makes perfect bit, yeah? What about one of your homeless network?”
John’s stomach lurches to one side, noticing a pattern. Showers less than ten minutes long. A periodic crackle of newsprint, not a haphazard ransacking for obituaries out of sheer boredom. The susurrus of what Sherlock refers to as crap telly.
John takes a seat by the door and smiles mechanically while Bird retells the same stories he’s heard a thousand times before. Tales of conquests and pub crawls and that one time Hotty got them thrown out of a local taco joint for sneezing guacamole into his hands. John takes to people watching, Bird’s grandstanding floating in one ear and out the other. The twenty-somethings with nothing to lose. Dancing to the beat of the music, their laughter accompanied by the clink of glasses, a round of “Cheers!”, and the thump of bass.
Sherlock respires an “Ah” for a particularly breathy “I” and John jerks his head sideways, knocking their noses together. Sherlock chuckles darkly. Switches to his other ear. “I really want to know, John.” Lays the H on thick, his lips caressing the shell of John’s ear. Another “Ah” and John is shrinking in his seat. Sherlock chases after him, back hunched, his mouthful of air hot and titillating.
John swears he will rue the day Sherlock cross-examines a child. Yes, cross-examine. Not question, not talk. Cross-examine. Because Sherlock neither
They kiss. Lips brushing tentatively. John’s hands slide under Sherlock’s coat and pull him flush against his chest and, ah. Sherlock is hot. Fervent signals from his brain to the capillaries widening in his cheeks, flooding his face with heat. Cascading down and further down, pooling tender in the pit of his stomach. He. He wants to—he. Sherlock gasps. He can’t think. Scrambles to gather his thoughts; the trifles he needed to examine more closely are swelling beneath his feet. Crawling up his legs like ants and he should cup John’s face in his hands, shouldn’t he? Adjust the angle? There?
--commits, hard and fast and a bit dirty. It’s perfect. Absolutely perfect. Sherlock trembles with it, from the top of his head to the tips of his toes. He wants.
They’ve tucked themselves beneath the feather duvet and silken sheets. The bed smells of bath salts and sweat. Salty and sweet. It’s dark. And warm. And them. Everywhere. Everysmell. Everysight. Sherlock licks John’s shoulder. Everytaste.
“You ar’n going anywhere.” John flails his arms around like he’s making a salient point despite his dilapidated motor skills. “You went to the roof an’ you didn’t come back for three years. You’ll just get lost.”
“Yeah. You know. When you kind of envy their good looks and, ah, sparkling personality.” Clears his throat. “Kind of wish you were them. That sort of thing.”
And “You…” is almost an answer. The way he kisses Sherlock most certainly is. John is soaking wet, but Sherlock doesn’t care. John’s hands are slippery and warm against his belly, prune-y fingers sliding across his skin, skating under his ribs. Water trickling down his torso and John says, “Yes.” Feeds on Sherlock’s sigh of relief. “Yes. Anything. Yes.” Their lips slide together aimlessly. Tongues graze briefly, eliciting a delightful moan in the pit of John’s throat.
Sherlock can read John’s unspoken question in the flutter of his eyelids. “It will suit you. Bring out the color of your eyes.”
Sherlock does not weave through the crowd toward him. The crowd breaks upon Sherlock’s tenacity, receding, sand slipping into the sea of bodies. It’s just the two of them; Sherlock’s attention narrows. Hones in on John alone. John can feel it. Like a kiss on his brow, he can feel it.
“Shut up,” Sherlock snaps. “It’s half nine in the morning,” White-knuckling the sheets. Hair in disarray. “I can’t do this.”
John can’t keep his eyes open. Can’t string more than two words together in what Sherlock deems a futile attempt at communication. Reminding Sherlock that he needs to change out of his wet clothes as soon as they’re home because wet clothes and freezing weather leads to colds and colds and Sherlock Holmes don’t get on and there’s some cough syrup in the cupboard, isn’t there? Just…in not so many words. Mostly grunting. And drunken gestures.
“I mean the whole us together thing. Eating takeaway and watching twelve hours of security footage.”
is won’t to do, was irked Sherlock imposed on him during the main course. But the twinkle in his eye was unmistakable. Sherlock reveled in it.
John abandons Sherlock's hair in retaliation. Between his shoulders, down his spine, over the swell of his backside and up again. Sherlock sleeps in the nude. John really doesn't mind.
“Teenagers,” Sherlock adds, brushing his gloved fingers over the medley of automobile skeletons soldered and riveted together in the name of fun. He ducks under a gnarled tailpipe. “Misguided youth.”
“Of course,” John mutters, sitting with his hands in his lap. Banifacious scrutinizes him unabashedly.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. He peels John’s reminder off the jar of testicles. Crumples the sticky in his fist. But he doesn’t throw it away.
In this moment, John knows a single word--a single gesture--could disrupt the balance. So he chooses carefully, hoping beyond hope his next move will tip the scales in his favor. Maintaining eye contact, he readjusts his grip on Sherlock’s wrist. The pads of his fingers caressing Sherlock’s flexor tendons, mimicking the way Sherlock plays his violin. And just as Sherlock coaxes a tune from his Stradivarius, John’s touch causes Sherlock’s eyes to flutter shut.
Immeasurable. John is so much bigger, so much greater than the melanin of his hair, the marrow of his bones. His eyes are the ocean, his skin is the desert. Sherlock could fall into him and never find his way out. Sometimes, he thinks he already has.
John turns on the water around Sherlock’s back. Cold at first, steadily warming to a suitable temperature. They’re both getting wet so at least they won’t be fighting over the showerhead.
“You’re making it worse.” Sherlock gazes unseeingly at the ceiling, John’s movements in the kitchen tweaking and
John looks behind him at the projector. Gets an eye full of a teenage couple full-throttle snogging. “These previews are…” He’s just not sure. “…kind of weird for
magazines stuffed in the bedside drawer. The husband is afflicted with chronic sinus congestion. This time of year? He has a hard enough time breathing without a mask obstructing his airways.” Sherlock swoops in for the kill. Or the kiss. Whichever. “Especially his mouth,” he says against John’s lips.
Sherlock touches John’s shoulder. “The victim was stabbed here.” Trails his fingers down John’s side. Fishes around for the hem of his t-shirt. Tugs it loose, sliding his hand under John’s belly. John’s eyes snap wide open. Arches his back a little so Sherlock can reach his abdominals. “Here.” Sherlock rolls John over. Methodic and slow and sexy as hell. “And here.” Dragging his hand down John’s thigh. Squeezes tight. Leans in close to whisper, “No vital organs damaged. I would suppose that we’re looking for a medical man, but the wounds bear signs of hesitancy and insufficient practice with the scalpel found at the scene of the crime.”
They surprise Mrs. Hudson with Gladstone twenty minutes later, after John and Sherlock realize a pet lobster is probably the worst idea they’ve ever had. John tells her it’s an anniversary present. When she asks, “The anniversary of what?” John replies:
I'm typing directly into the Chapter Text box so don't be alarmed if there are more typos than usual. Thank you for your patience! And for the lovely advice and reminders to back up my documents. You live and you learn. Then you die and forget it all.
John shakes the handle of his 10-in-1 at him. “I’ve assembled my fair share of cheap-arse furniture, thank you very much.” He also dated a number of women who purchased entertainment centers in the infancy of their romantic liaisons. Forcing slot A into remotely-resembles-conical-outlet B is almost a prerequisite for any relationship. But Sherlock won’t help. Even though he’s smart. Efficient. Good with his hands. (John is
When management catches wind of their departure, a frazzled hotelier asks Sherlock why he's checking out early, wringing his hands and pulling at his weak mustache. John flags down a taxi. Loads their luggage in the boot.
Plus, John is a heavy man. Not too heavy, but heavy enough to bully the air out of Sherlock’s lungs. Increasing the pressure and oh. Oh.
“But you know all about me, don’t you?” Painted lips. Polished nails. Eyeliner applied with a practiced hand. She’s gutsy. Definitely a trait John would admire, along with her sizeable breasts. Mary smiles at Sherlock without humor. He can see it in her eyes. That cold, calculating look oft referred to as woman’s intuition. A lioness on the prowl. “I’ve read John’s blog. Seen the papers.” Mary sizes him up. Her assessment:
John notices Sherlock noticing him and Sherlock notices his notice with a brief smile. This entices John to rise, eyeing Sherlock’s maiden-in-waiting (Sherlock still hasn’t forgiven John for that one.) pose with his own brand of helpless adoration and amusement. Sherlock would give anything to plaster-cast John’s face as it is now. He makes a note to test the metaphorical waters for artistic excursions, heart thumping wildly in his chest when John bends over him, invading his personal space. Offering himself for Sherlock’s immediate study.
Sherlock deposits his glass on a passing tray without looking. Doesn’t need to, really. He’s consciously aware of everyone in the room, regardless of their position on his Relevance Scale because
Undeterred by John’s humbling commentary, Track42 has a flattering number of plays by the end of the week.
Mrs. Hudson covers her mouth like she can read his mind. “Oh! Sorry, dear. I’m causing such a fuss.” Giggles at John. “Look at him. He’s so bashful.”
to work on his similies.) Sherlock constantly moans and groans about his hard drive. Finite space for an infinite subject matter. He can’t just
John’s Sherlock-effused universe collapses on itself, a black hole of emotion sublimating an impression of infinity. It’s just the two of them. One anchoring the other anchoring the other, tethered to a single moment in time.
John drops the pamphlet on the floor. He’s not sure where to start because the instructions are in Chinese. “Remind me why you destroyed your old table?”
John gazes out the living room window. The fog is as dense as the anger accumulating at the base of his skull, prickling the backs of his eyes. Sherlock is avoiding the subject in a fashion befitting a man who has no sense of tact. He’s flipping through the paper, talking aloud like John cares to hear about a ship christened
The music is sweet. The movement of their bodies even sweeter. Barely. Going nowhere. John doesn’t mind. And neither, apparently, does Sherlock. He trails his fingers up, down John’s jumper. Feels him there with him. (Always with him.) They rock in tandem, breathe in tandem. “What are we doing, John?” Sherlock asks again.
Sherlock pins him with his eyes, his body. John doesn’t particularly enjoy being pinned, but Sherlock has a flair for pinning that is very satisfying. Soothes John’s nerves rather than stimulates them in a very not-good way—thanks ever so, PTSD.
Sherlock has a soul. He must have because there are times he catches John’s eye and the bottom of his world plummets and disappears and his horizons expand in a flood of color and light and violin concerto in D major Op. 61. Sherlock holds John’s gaze. For the first time in his life, he doesn’t mind John can see through him, inside him, where his demons hide. For the first time in his life, he believes in himself because John believed in him first.
Sherlock watches him drink. “No. You are a good man. Bravery and honesty are but two of the many traits I admire in…” Pause. Licks his lips. “You…are. A paragon of…good,” he finishes awkwardly.
Sherlock is offended. An indignant stiffening of his spine. “Do you regret coming here with me?” he wonders. He can feel John shake his head between his shoulder blades. Lips branding his nape with languid kisses.
Because Sherlock’s inebriation has more to do with a root canal and less to do with bandwagons and the falling off thereof. John is decidedly not angry at Sherlock for requesting happy gas. He shepherds Sherlock into the cab, Sherlock mumbling how Holmeses have a history of soft teeth and Mycroft’s gained five pounds in the last month and Lestrade is the best of a bad lot and
The movie stops abruptly. John finds himself a little disappointed, strangely. Two members of the cinema staff make a beeline for their seats. Shine flashlights at them unnecessarily. “Gentleman, I’m going to have to ask you to leave.”
John restrains him. Sherlock fumbles the thumbs down the stairs. He does not approve of John’s approach to what Mycroft stuffily refers to as a
A knock on the door diverts Sherlock’s attention. Mycroft strides into the flat at his leisure as if he owns the place, ubiquitous umbrella hanging on the crook of his arm. “Don’t we look sharp,” he pontificates, but his smile is genuine. “Your chariot awaits, gentlemen.”
.” Sherlock sits on the sofa, his chin cradled atop his thumbs and his mouth hidden behind his intertwined fingers. “Pray tell.”
They grin inanely at one another. John is three sheets to the wind. “Hey.” He prods Sherlock’s calf with his foot. “It’s not how you die that matters.”
, John thinks—Sherlock’s boundless poise and grace casting a spell on the variability of his musings—
Anderson’s cry of disgust separates them. Before he can threaten to report John or make any nasty comments, Sherlock says, “I won’t tell if you won’t.” Stares pointedly at the pamphlet in Anderson’s hands and Anderson hides it behind his back two seconds too late. Sherlock imagines a full body waxing must be dreadfully painful.
Might try and expedite the process. Enjoy watching John lose consciousness, recording details in a sub-atrium of his mind palace.
After an hour of waiting for Sherlock to text whatever his demands for the day may be, needs must. John is remiss to commence the practical joke himself, but it's imperative Sherlock texts him before he texts anyone else. He may be an arse, but he’s
John surmises. Or maybe they’re insane. A consulting detective who gets off on murder and an adrenaline junkie with a soft spot for a mad genius with a superiority complex the size of Great Britain.
John unfolds the directions “so simple a child could do it”, according to Sherlock. He turns them upside-down. Right-side up. Garners full use of his
practice, was irked Sherlock imposed on him during the main course. But the twinkle in his eye was unmistakable. Sherlock reveled in it.
They haven’t spoken of marriage since. John’s word means more to Sherlock than anyone else’s, anyway. A piece of paper, God’s sanction hardly compares to John’s YES. So the question is: What happened on the fifteenth that designated the Ides of March as their anniversary?
Sherlock thinks. “John.” Less a question, but the query remains. Sweet. Alluring. And John pursues it with a single-mindedness Sherlock loves. He loves. He—
Sherlock isn’t sure how to handle John’s compliment. It’s awkward, riveting, warm. As if he’s holding a beating heart in his hands, and maybe it’s his own. He doesn’t like it. “One of?” he huffs, turning over. Traps his arms between the couch and his torso because, this way, it doesn’t hurt so good so badly. Draws his knees to his chest. Struggles to breathe evenly.
John is wearing his best trousers, a suitable dinner jacket, an unassuming dress shirt, and a powder blue ascot. It’s the most daring accessory John owns.
John aggressively lathers soap. Aggressively scrubs Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock is forced to brace himself, elbows locking his arms stable, lest John bully him out of his spot. "Easy!" he complains, but tucks his chin against his chest. Widens his stance. Arcs his spine, convex, a cue for John to
Sherlock comes home to find John on his hands and knees. “C’mere you little bugger.” Reaches as far as he can under the couch.
Sherlock flexes his theatrical muscles, flinging the offending phalange in John’s lap the moment he sits on the coffee table, a pair of tweezers in hand.
John counts down the launch of Sherlock’s rebuttal to Mycroft’s offer, drowning the ‘three, two, one, liftoff’ with a swig of ginseng, which he loathes. But it’s the only tea they have in the cupboard and he can’t
“Okay, I understand. Answer me honestly. Are you feeling any sort of headache? Please, be honest. Any minor one?” John asked, worried. Sherlock's brain really wasn't a common one, but that could be the result of some late brain bleeding. Maybe the result of some pain Sherlock chose not to verbalize. It wouldn't be the first time.
"My memories of you never faltered," Sherlock said. At John's confused expression he explained: "In the hospital, every single time I woke up, I knew exactly who you were, and could remember everything about you, even how many jumpers you have."
John smiled; he couldn't not. For anyone normal that statement would sound just petulant, but one look at Sherlock and he could see that the madman really meant that. "Okay, genius."
“No, I just wanted to steal my brother's stupid coins,” Sherlock giggled and John joined him. “I liked the puzzles, obviously. And pirates didn't have to wear ties. Everybody used ties, Mycroft, Father, the household, I used to hate it.”
. He wanted to hurt every single one of them back, even if he had to die doing this. Moriarty and the pool had been enough to prove this to him and to Sherlock.
“No, it doesn't matter, so tell me. Did. They. Beat. You?” John emphasised each word with the intonation of an angry parent.
Sherlock let the issue go. He didn't know what to make of John's reaction. “Are you going to bed with me? People might talk,” Sherlock smirked.
When Sherlock received the news about the accident that had killed his parents, he went very quiet and didn't speak for days. And the reason why he could, at least, have some days of peace and quiet was because hours before that, Mycroft had had a totally different reaction.
The next day, John arrived home from the clinic after a boring day of several cases of flu. Sherlock was sprawled on the floor, studying what looked like a hundred case files spread around him. Only a dweller of 221B Baker Street could see the beauty in that scene. John smiled to himself before returning to his doctor mode. He knew he couldn't ease his attention on Sherlock's health at the moment, even if that would mean being the
“Don't give me that. He did something nice, even if he has his creepy ways. And he is very creepy,” John snorted. “Are you going to explain it someday? I'm really curious.”
“His hearing is too sensitive, dear, sometimes it bothers him,” Violet answered his little son while walking with him through her favourite garden path.
]  anytime about your stories, I know it's quite annoying not to have anyone to read your things before you publish, or to just plot together. And I love doing that!)
“That's exactly what I told him,” John said, laughing harder. At Sherlock amused expression, he explained. “I said 'Thank God you're above all that'.”
Sherlock actually smirked at that. That was so Mycroft, making the person in front of him think he agreed to something in such a way that he won't realize he hasn't until he had already signed all the papers.
“Don't be an idiot, he was a cat, he was not my brother. Although, I do like him better than I like Mycroft, despite the fact that he is, in fact, a cat that has been dead for almost thirty years,” Sherlock said.
After hanging up with the insufferably slow solicitor, and after knowing that, indeed, he was the one in charge of Sherlock,
"Of course not!" Sherlock scowled. "I spied on him while he used my father's office to plan the funeral. The rest was deductible."
“Oh, God, I fucking hate your brother!” John snapped, yanking the needles, the syringe and the cocaine from the box.
"Okay," John said, because he really didn't know how to answer such an outburst. It wasn't unlike Sherlock to have such a reaction, he was always shouting and being dramatic with his coat swirling around, but that was completely different. He was admitting something important and John suddenly felt a bit overwhelmed by that.
“Mycroft grew up to be a controlling bastard,” Sherlock scowled. “And of course you've always wanted to be the hero. Normally the weakest link of a broken home ends up being the addict and the strongest ends up being the hero. You and Harry are pretty obvious.”
“Right,” John said, ready to drop the subject. He knew better than to try to force any conversation with Sherlock.
"Ah," Sherlock sighed. "See, what I wouldn't have told you is that it didn't end up at all as I expected. I was not at my best shape, to say the least. And the blackmail wasn't efficient. Rich people have the incredible power of making all kind of things go away."
“They aren't artistic, John. They are an experiment... Of sorts,” Sherlock said, also looking at the drawings. They were mostly plants, insects and animals. “I was trying to memorize the details of each species and to visualize them without the books.”
for helping me with the plot, the language and with... well, everything, actually. She even puts up with my babbling about vocabulary in different languages. That's how amazing she is, hahaha.
. Sherlock's adolescence here is highly influenced by this work! Do yourself a favor and go read it!
John felt his stomach sunk. He had expected it, but listening to Sherlock admit such a thing wasn't at all easy for John. He had always been protective with the people he cared about, but with Sherlock he was even more. John wished he had gone to Harrow, he wished he could have been Sherlock's friend from the beginning so he didn't have to spent so many years alone. John was being ridiculous, he knew. But just for a second, he wished he could really chase all the bullies away. “Did they beat you?” John asked, joining Sherlock on the sofa again.
“Listen!” John said, raising his voice, despite himself. “You're not listening. I already told you you're right, what do you want me to say?” John let her babble and changed his shirt for an old t-shirt.
He knew about caring now. Mycroft was right when he said it wasn't an advantage, maybe he was right and now he was part of the losing side, but the fact was that now he knew.
Mycroft knew what he wanted to be, and he was fortunate for being designed for the exact role he wanted to have. Looking at little Sherlock while he ran up and down the family house, the older sibling was filled with the feeling that maybe the world as it was would never be enough for him. Maybe someday little Sherlock would have to invent his own place in it.
The satisfaction of finally having a friend to listen to his deductions; the rush of having someone to share the dose with. He had felt many, many things. Lust was one of them, the relief of finally being able to engage in a relationship-more-like-an-acquaintance with someone, just to prove to himself that he was not a freak – that if he was alone most of the time, it was because he had chosen to do so.
“Again – I'm not stupid. Girlfriends aren't your area, and I'm assuming you weren't born married to your work.” John ignored the tightening feeling in his chest. It wasn't the first time he felt as if he had arrived in Sherlock's life too late. But he couldn't whine now, it wasn't the time. “So, boyfriend?”
“No,” Sherlock answered, without looking up. A long moment passed until he spoke again, John was already filing his mug with the hot water. “Not today,” Sherlock said with a weak voice and still without looking at John.
John took a deep breath and remembered that very first day in Baker Street when he confronted Lestrade about the drugs bust. John had felt helpless and lost, like he had missed something very important. He didn't like that feeling at all. He was a man of action, he took matters into his own hands, he didn't wait for anybody to tell him anything.
. Everything he hadn't known about sentiment, he knew now. It was hard, and confusing, it was messy and it made his brain burn like one of Dante's circles of hell, but it was data that he had now.
"Your mother really was beautiful," John said, scanning through the album. "You do look like her, you know," he smiled. John was getting used to the softness of Sherlock's eyes when his childhood memories and his mother were the subjects. His friend only nodded, looking thoughtful.
- but because probably remembering it all with the scrutiny that was natural to him would be overwhelming.
It would have been be useless, anyway. How could he have a date while Sherlock was in hospital, sleeping alone in an unfamiliar room, and risking him waking up disorientated, calling for John? That wouldn't do. He was just sparing Katherine the embarrassment of being left behind in a restaurant when someone called him saying that Sherlock was awake.
"Thought it would be better to leave it to you to decide to tell me something or not," he shrugged. "Why are you asking me this anyway?"
And he knew that asking Sherlock if everything was fine was the most disappointing way of getting nowhere. He decided to take the matter into his own hands – or rather, Mycroft's hands.
But before his second thoughts could take over, Sherlock's arms pulled him into an unexpected embrace, and John found himself resting his head on Sherlock's shoulder and felt the detective rest his head on his. If John didn't know better, he would think Sherlock was cataloguing his hair.
John couldn't shake these thoughts easily. He knew he had grown quite protective of Sherlock, that wasn't news to him, nor to Sherlock himself, but he often felt surprised with how ill those kind of things made him feel.
"I have to do this; I can't have my brain disorganized and risk being hit with sudden unwanted memories, John," Sherlock seemed quite small and afraid, and it made John's chest suddenly tight. "When I tell you it's easier, so if you could... help me..."
Sherlock rubs his face with both hands. Rests his forehead against the table. “Fetch me my revolver.”
at a karaoke bar in Piccadilly so Sherlock could steal a set of keys from under the bartender’s nose. Or maybe it was when John admonished Anderson in the middle of a crime scene for calling Sherlock a freak one time too many. Or maybe it was when John purchased a bottle of wine for Sherlock for Christmas:
John smiles. His nose has found a nice, warm spot under Sherlock’s suit jacket, practically in his armpit, but John doesn’t care. He’s past caring. “Getting to know you.”
“Whassit?” John slurs, stirred awake by Sherlock’s presence looming in the dark, pulsing around the edges, manic energy and flyaway hair. All the signs of a case. When Sherlock is absorbed in a new, macabre puzzle to solve, he zooms around the flat. Ricocheting off the furniture like a pinball. John hides his face in his pillow. He doesn’t want to be zoomed. “What is it?” he mumbles.
John brushes a finger against the cleft of Sherlock’s ass. He jolts, his muscles seizing before he pumps his release into John’s hand.
Sherlock lifts. John pulls down his bottoms. Rubs soap scum off his thighs. Out from between his toes. The rag is warm. Smells of sandalwood. John is also warm. Smells of good tilled earth and comfort.
s when he was on tour in Afghanistan. Or, more likely, he does know and doesn’t wish for John to associate Sherlock’s birthday with his military career.
“Mr. Holmes!” Mike claps a meaty hand on his back. “That’s him!” Gestures toward Deez with his rounded chin. “The groom!”
He can see Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. From the couch to the coffee table. To the pillow. He perches one foot on the arm of John’s chair and John doesn’t think he’s actually going to climb across his lap, but who is he kidding?
“Gladstone. I was three years old. Almost four. He bit me. A woman came to take him away. I remember standing at the front door, crying. I didn’t want him to go.”
As promised, Reginald bequeaths the keys of his guesthouse. A little downcast his great great grandfather was too shortsighted to bury his treasure—whatever it may have been—in a less waterlogged environment, but “what an adventure!” he crows, having participated very little himself and shooing Sherlock and John out of the drawing room because they smell of mildew and stagnant water.
he thinks to himself. Sherlock’s deodorant is starting to wear off after all the running around they’ve been doing.
John struggles to stand, his knees sinking deep in residual silt. Tries not to feel slighted when the boy neither offers his help nor his condolences, but John has an inkling he’s fraternizing with a distant relation of the pricks who own half of the hill. Pleated wing, partially untucked. Bowtie hanging askew around his wiry neck. The boy holds himself with the impudent distinction of landed gentry. Despite his Edwardian pallor, John’s first impression is
Sherlock makes an objectionable noise somewhere between a moan and whimper so bogus it’s painful to hear. John tightens his grip. Sherlock’s glare can curdle milk, which explains how on Earth they manage to consume three gallons a week for Christ’s sake.
Sherlock is refulgent and pale, surrounded by women dressed in bedazzled eveningwear. In his veins courses the fire of his city, his circulatory system a percussive map of London’s streets. Seventy-two beats per minute.
Sherlock is familiar with death. In fact, he would say he’s on a fist name basis. John is also familiar with death, but in a different manner entirely. Sherlock connects the dots, solves for X. He’s committed thousands of poisons and weapons and motives to memory because death is a sneaky bastard. John heals the wounded. Or kills them, depending.
John didn't know these things only as a doctor, but also from his own experience with gambling and with the way he avoided cards to that very day. He knew as a son and brother of chronic alcoholics, and as a friend who had watched too many of his own brothers in arms destroying their own bodies with alcohol to get through the memories of the war.
Oh and I apologize for the shorter chapter, but I wanted to divide the events concerning the finding of the cocaine bottle. Yep, I'm a terrible human being, I'm sorry ): (No, I'm not sorry, I'm just pretending. Call me high-functional sociopath, if you like (;)
“Okay, I understand.” And John did, he really did. Sherlock had a lot to think about already, and a lot to organize inside his head; maybe that subject would be too much for him to handle. John tried to slightly change the subject. “So Harrow then. Pretty normal for a posh sod like you. I would have said Eton,” John smiled.
John snapped Sherlock from his thoughts. “Look at me, just look at me,” he was trying to measure Sherlock's eyes responses while holding the detective gently by the neck.
Sherlock nodded. John opened the trunk again and felt some notebooks, pulling two out of the trunk. One looked older than the other. One of them was a notebook of unlined paper, most filled with drawings and sketches, and the other looked like a notebook from one of the classes in Harrow. From the latter, John watched a sheet of paper folded in two fall on the floor. He grabbed it, but was already impressed by the sketches in the older notebook.
"I'm finding that it's quite the opposite, actually. I didn't lose the memories, at least not in the way you were thinking. They just aren't in their right places," he explained. "I thought maybe I could think to organize it alone, but these memories...," he trailed off. "I don't know how to..."
Packing his things to leave for Harrow, Sherlock thought of the one thing he could still take with him. Without too much trouble, he unburied and cleaned the skull of his little friend, and packed it with his books and journals. For the endless months and years of boring study and classmates, Sherrinford would always be someone Sherlock could talk to and his skull reminded the boy that life wasn't always so difficult.
Sherlock looked at him as if he had grown another had. "Of course I know. But you're missing the point!"
After observing Sherlock for a week, John realized that the detective knew very well who he, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and Molly were, but couldn't shake off the feeling that Sherlock seemed a bit lost in his own character.
“Are you going to act with my brother behind my back now?” Sherlock asked, without really paying any attention to the trunk. He regarded it suspiciously from the sofa, and continued to get himself into a sulking mood.
"Just shut up," John said, leaving Sherlock sprawled on the sofa and heading to his room. "I'm going to change, than make some tea, so we can go through the trunk of memories."
Sherlock snorted, but didn't tear his gaze from John's face. The scrutiny was so familiar to John that he constantly asked himself if he was the nutter for feeling soothed under it. When Sherlock spoke again, his voice was low and intimate.
Sherlock stopped abruptly, turning back and narrowing his little eyes in the direction of his brother. “It's not in the library,” he said suspiciously.
Victor wasn't John. Their months together as sort-of-friends couldn't even begin to be compared to the life he had with John.
Sherlock looked at him as if he were mad. After hearing all those stories about Sherlock's life, it didn't surprise John that he had never had someone who would stay by his side without asking for anything at all.
What Sherlock did not tell John was that he and Mrs. Hudson were the people who reminded him most of his mum, the only people who knew him and tried to respect what he was; they weren’t demanding and they didn’t make fun of him. Sherlock would not say that to John, but it was true. Sherlock had to wait for nearly thirty years to be able to be himself around someone again. Having John living in Baker Street was the most freeing thing that had ever happened to him since those nights when he would sit on the trunk and talk to his mother about his insects and plants.
For the first time, John felt relieved that Sherlock was able to delete things. Not because things were useless –
Also, only Sherlock, the idiot, would think he could be able to fool Doctor John Watson, trying to convince him that things were fine. Sherlock remained stoic and petulant, but his friend just knew that something was off. Mycroft had visited Sherlock a few days ago, and was welcomed only by silence rather than an insult or an annoyed quip at his diet – so John knew something was definitely wrong.
all that hundred of crimes were and how he had solved them in one afternoon. John's smirk turned into a full grin while he watched Sherlock eating without any complaint. Out of nowhere, Sherlock spoke.
Mycroft knew that that would be his life from then on. Everybody would have something to say to the nineteen-year-old who was still going to University and was now in charge of a child. Everybody would have some lovely advice about how to raise a boy. Of course no one had the faintest idea about how to raise a Holmes boy. But Mycroft knew it was his job –
“Really, John, I can hear your thoughts from here. And you didn't always dislike Harry, did you? Children are easy to please,” Sherlock said, trying to dismiss John's smirk.
John shook his head. “Poor cat, I imagine what was like when you were learning. It must've been hellish!”
"I have Mrs Hudson, she spies for me and forces you to eat. More efficient than any of your brother's minions," John said, heading for the kitchen. "I'm ordering takeaway, and you are eating something, in case you have some delusional doubt about it," he smiled.
This certainty helped him to learn his role as the older brother of young Sherlock Holmes, the child who couldn't understand his own great intelligence.
"I'm sure Mummy would appreciate it, she was always nagging me to eat," he said, and his tone had something smooth in it and it made John smile. Obviously Sherlock had always been besotted by his mother, and it was undeniably good to hear Sherlock talk about someone with such fondness. John knew that tone, it was one that Sherlock normally saved for Mrs Hudson. He did understand why now.
“Hey, mon fleur.” she said, looking at his reflection in the mirror. She was wearing a black satin party dress, delicate high heels and a pearl necklace and earrings. She smiled at her little son. “Having trouble with your tie?”
"You asked me what I need," the detective answered, as if it was obvious and John was being stupid just to irritate him. "I don't need anything, but I need you," he said and frowned. "It doesn't make any sense," he said looking genuinely confused.
John came back to the living room with two mugs of tea and found Sherlock sat on the same spot, with his knees up, supporting his chin. John was always surprised by how young Sherlock looked when he sat like that. He offered a smile. "I just went to make more tea," and handed Sherlock his mug with far too much sugar for John's taste.
She ruffled his wild dark curls – another trait they both shared – and stood up, pulling him with her gently. “Ready? Let's go, then. Give me a kiss. Now come on, little man.”
Sherlock really had to wait until now to feel guilty because only now he could have any idea of what Victor was talking about more than ten years ago. He couldn't have known. Not then when he was just a young man, without a care in the world, only worried about his own deductions, the crimes, the puzzles and the next hit. He couldn't have. He didn't know.
“You do, you definitely do,” John chuckled. “We sound like an old married couple most of the time,” he said, even before he could think of the words that were coming out of his mouth.
"Physical evidence can't be deleted," John said, very low, more to himself than to Sherlock, just to help his own thoughts. "Jesus...," he stood up, without having any clear idea of what to do. He was angry. He knew it was irrational, but he was angry. He knew that it wasn't about him, it was about Sherlock, something he was saying and that couldn't be easy, but John couldn't help the sudden reaction he was having. "I hope he never crosses my way again," he said, very calm and steady, looking through the window.
For the rest of that day, John's plan had been fairly simple: he was going to go out to finally meet his current girlfriend for some dinner and maybe a movie, after weeks without seeing her.
“Yes, I'm fine. Just too much brain work,” Sherlock said, dismissing John with one of those petulant waves of his hand. When Sherlock calmed his mind, John was sitting beside him, with a light tremor on his left hand, breathing hard. Tiny drops of sweat on his forehead. “John.”
After so much time running through London, chasing criminals and being completely unobservant of his own well-being; it wasn’t a surprise that Sherlock Holmes would get a serious injury.
Frankly, it was all Mycroft's fault, it must've been all part of his fratricidal plan, to kill Sherlock slowly and painfully of boredom through that school.
“This is about the cocaine,” Sherlock said. It wasn't a question. “I would take it again, you know,” he told him, feeling the tension on John's hand.
“She's not dead, you know,” Sherlock blurted, and seemed surprised by his own words. He started to think that his brain was really damaged. “I know you think she's dead and you and Mycroft lied to me to spare my
John should be offended, but he hadn’t been a Captain in the army for nothing. He could only grin at the sulking detective and think of a million ways to be even more annoying. “Yes, but those doctors aren't really your doctors, are they? Guess who is your doctor? Me. I also happen to live with you and I plan making your life a living hell if you don't sit up right now and drink your bloody tea. And today you're eating lunch,” he said, smirking. “Be nice to your friend - who also happens to be your doctor - if you don't want Lestrade to ban you from crime scenes for the next month,” he finished, already going back to the kitchen.
John smiled fondly. “I'll tell you something, and you're not gonna like it. Mycroft actually helped you to find the perfect occupation.”
“Of course. Here is the reprimand, some altercation with the Greek teacher,” Mr Elliot said, probably standing up, by the sound of his chair.
“I-” Sherlock seemed confused. He narrowed his eyes. “You have a date today. You haven't met anyone these past few weeks, so it must be the last one. I don't remember her boring name, I deleted it.”
. “Up, come on,” he said, choosing not to have a useless argument about the place of the head, and grabbed Sherlock by the arm. He examined the healing scar and seemed satisfied. Looking at the still closed trunk, he frowned. “Why haven't you opened it yet? It's going to help you to be less confused.”
When Mycroft received the news about the accident that killed their parents, the last thing he could think of was of sitting still.
When the car finally parked at the cemetery, Mycroft noticed Sherlock was the one shivering. Maybe he was cold, maybe he was going to be sick. Maybe he was just an orphan on the way of burying his parents.
Oh, and for the next chapters, I must repeat that Sherlock's adolescence here is highly influenced by
“It was Mummy's. It was placed in my parents' room when I was a child. Near the foot of their bed,” Sherlock sighed, looking intently at the trunk.
“All right, I give up! Come on, tell me about how poor Sherrinford ended up in your trunk,” John sighed.
"No, it's not fine!" Sherlock exclaimed, while tugging at his own hair slightly. "You have to know that. Don't you ever think that again!" And his tone wasn't light. It was more like a command than any sort of declaration. "I know I'd be dead without you by now, I'm not stupid!"
Sherlock had sat with his feet on the coffee table, with his fingers under his chin. He took his time to answer the question. John suspected that he didn't know how to answer. "No, I don't need the trunk anymore."
John knew that everything in Sherlock's life was focused on the Work; the Work in which he wasn't only good, he was the best and the only one in the world. The Work that had allowed him to sit in front of Sebastian years later and maintain his dignity while that arrogant sod babbled about how much of a freak Sherlock was in Uni and how much everyone hated him.
for almost a decade. And,” he paused, “I live with you.” John said tacitly, hoping to have made his point and maybe – just maybe – enjoying just a little too much his friend's fragile state. At Sherlock surprised expression, John could only grin some more. “Good. Now, drink your damn tea.”
And quite frankly, not even he could understand why he still bothered with the girlfriend thing. One does not keep a girlfriend and be Sherlock's flatmate (and doctor, and friend, and partner, and butler –
“You could say that. Her father played the violin, actually. That,” Sherlock pointed at his violin with a shy smile, “was his violin. Mycroft and I play the piano, but I always preferred the violin, it's compact and mobile.”
He couldn't have known anything about that kind of sentiment. He simply didn't know. And for Sherlock Holmes to admit that he didn't know something at any point in time was hard.
Collecting coins from all over the world always helped Mycroft to maintain his eyes on the future. He would be like his father and have meetings with all the most important people from all the most important countries. Siger Holmes, the head of the Holmes family, never once forgot to bring home the shiniest and most exotic coins he could find around the world.
, he knew that much, Father never quite let him forget about it, but at that moment he really wished his parents had left a note warning him that he could end up fighting for an eleven-year-old boy with an enormous trust fund which would attract
"You lost a girlfriend and a rugby match- Oh, don't look like that, I knew today was a night of rugby at the pub, I really do pay attention to you, you know. And all this to spend two evenings listening to me babbling about my life, after spending three weeks with me at the hospital," Sherlock said, confused. "Why?"
. Caring was not an advantage. And Mycroft knew that he was about to find the truth behind that motto now that he was responsible for a boy with too much brain and too little of the rest for his own good.
“Bullies?” John asked, because he couldn't not ask. Yes, ‘healer', he didn't bother denying his protectiveness concerning Sherlock.
Katherine probably wouldn’t last long because they weren't seeing each other. If John was honest with himself, he knew that that would be their last date. He should probably be worried, but he had a consulting detective to look after; he didn't have the time.
At least he didn't until a certain consulting detective winked at him one afternoon and changed everything. Sherlock always made everybody feel helpless. It was inevitable. Nobody was in his league, it was a fact. But John had never liked it. He didn't like being left behind on crime scenes, or when Sherlock chased criminals by himself. But there was nothing that could make him feel more helpless than the cocaine. John was already too far from Sherlock's mind to risk letting it get in the way. The very thought of that brilliant man finding himself helpless because of chemicals made John shiver.
“He's a very difficult young man. We try, Mr Holmes. He managed to drive off every one of the boys that occupied the rooms next to his. We tried to offer a violin tutor,” Mr Elliot sighed.
“A bloody head, Sherlock! Without any warning! I was looking for something edible!” John shook his head.
Sherlock joined him gladly. “Well, where was I supposed to put it? Next time I'll put it in your bed!”
Little Sherlock stood outside his parents' bedroom. He had the habit of peeking while his mother got ready for the parties their parents organized. He had always liked to see her combing her hair and applying make up. Her smiling gray eyes were even more beautiful in those days.
It wasn't unexpected; disorientation and memory loss weren't rare consequences of that kind of injury.
John brought the tray with tea and biscuits and placed it on the coffee table, sitting on the sofa beside Sherlock, in the same way they had sat the night before. “So, ready? Can I meddle in your things again?”
He took Sherlock gently by the jaw, and the detective instinctively lowered himself to rest his forehead against John's. The doctor brushed his lips lightly across the corner of Sherlock's mouth and pressed a gentle kiss against it. He felt and heard Sherlock's surprised intake of breath.
He was trying not to shiver. He was basically an orphan, in charge of an eleven-year-old boy, soaked and miserable. And he didn't quite remember the name of that Great-Uncle who was coming from France.
John resisted the urge of taking Sherlock's hand or of offering any physical contact to show support. He knew Sherlock wouldn't like it. And he wasn't sure which one of them needed more reassurance. Seeing Sherlock getting worked up about his own brain always worried John. The bullets in the wall, the pig's blood and the harpoon, the cocaine, the nicotine patches. Sherlock always functioned in such high speed that John was always afraid that someday Sherlock would be a train wreck he wouldn't be able to stop. And if he couldn’t, who would?
John noticed something and went back through the photos he had already seen, flicking through the pages and peeking at the clipping Sherlock had in his hand.
. This work is basically my thought about young Sherlock, and I made some clear references to it. So, if you haven't read it yet, you must correct that mistake soon!
“Yes. And I have a friend who always have my back,” his voice softened, and he smiled. “Now, come on, pick something out of that stupid trunk! This conversation is getting so dull, I'm going to start shooting the walls!”
So, there he was, again, heading to the Headmaster's office for exactly the thirteenth time that year, to listen to some lecture he was going to delete soon after anyway.
I've never published a story like this, it's thrilling to know you're waiting. I hope you're not disappointed, and that you enjoy this chapter!
John closed the door and sat on the bed for a moment. He was still trying to suppress his anger after discovering the truth about Sebastian Wilkes. He tried very hard not to let his imagination come up with scenarios in which Sherlock might have been so high that he wouldn't be able the defend himself from anything. He tried very hard not to think about rape, and he tried even harder not to think about the helplessness that Sherlock might have felt after regaining his senses.
“I'm not in pain!” Sherlock raised his voice. “I'm afraid of losing data that I won't be able to gather again. That,” he said pointing to the wooden trunk just beside the coffee table, “might be too much.”
Sherlock smiled back. “You could say that, yes. But this notebook isn't that old,” he said, taking the notebook in his hands and deducing it, like it was one of the bodies at a crime scene. “Nobody could remember something so specific, I had dozens of notebooks like that. But by the strokes and by the fact that most of them are coloured, I can tell I was more than seven years old.”
“Mycroft,” he said, simply, not to risk the chance to have full access to the lab. He could see on Mr Elliot's eyes that he was mostly convinced.
“Look, you can always observe the guests, don't you like doing that?” She asked, he nodded. “But don't make people embarrassed, okay?”
Despite his age, Sherrinford did what he could to keep up with the younger Holmes. He would run around after the little curly boy while he collected his plants and insects outside the big house, and the two of them would always be seen together in the library. Sherlock with some thick chemistry volume and Sherrinford purring or sleeping on the boy's lap.
"How do you know all this?" John asked. "I don't imagine you and your brother having a drunk chat about that day."
The trunk had been a great idea. He knew that. John wasn't only a great doctor, he was a thoughtful friend, and he would always come up with the best solutions for these kinds of things. Sherlock was really good at helping people find clues and criminals, but John was even better in helping his friends. The trunk could help, but Sherlock couldn't bring himself to open it.
“Not living with me, you couldn't,” John said. “I'd be damned if I'd let you anywhere near this!” He shouted, heading to the bathroom to dispose what he had just found.
It took some time for him to realize that he was browsing through something without its owner's consent. When he looked up, Sherlock was watching him closely, with an amused expression on his face. “Sorry, these are very good. Are these yours?”
“They sleep in their bed. But nobody here who has a bed is a pirate,” Sherlock tried. “Well, I want to be, but I'm not a pirate yet.”
Thank you who followed the story, bookmarked it, and left comments, they were quite motivating. I'd love to read your opinion about the ending and the general plot.
“Listen, Kat! You're not listening! You're right about priorities, he is my priority, I'm sorry if I didn't tell you before. But it should've been obvious-” Yep. Just like that, Kat finally gave up.
John rolled his eyes. "I mean... There wasn't a fight, he didn't stomp your toys when you were a kid, he didn't try to murder you in your sleep when you're a baby-"
John tried to hide his smile. It was just like Sherlock to say something like that as if it was nothing.
Sherrinford was a grey furry cat that Violet Holmes got as a present even before she was exactly a 'Holmes'. Her mother, Emily, used to say that having the feline around would help Violet in the new and empty mansion, while she didn't have any kids to fill the rooms with joy and laughter.
The synchronized giggles filled the flat. And John couldn't help the warmth in his chest at the look of adoration Sherlock was giving him.
He would prefer if they would just use the ferule and send him to his room. He had mould to grow, he didn't have
"Normal for a posh family with two incredible intelligent and good-looking parents and two geniuses as sons, you mean?" John smiled. "Yeah, you look quite
John rolled his eyes, but smiled. “Okay, ready to open it?” At Sherlock's nod, John opened the trunk with the key Mycroft had sent in an envelope. “I'll pick something,” he said while trying to feel the contents of the trunk without looking. He didn't want to invade the family's privacy and he didn't want to direct Sherlock's stories to those he was most curious to know. But fate was on his side, because the first item was a small wooden sword. “Ah!” John said. “I know about this, your brother told me.”
“Good. That's exactly the issue here: your inability in dealing with a Holmes. The problem isn't his behaviour, as you're an experienced man and this is not the first rebellious teenager you've ever seen. It's the family trait you can't quite grasp. Sherlock has his particular way of joining this too.”
Sherlock wasn't used to it; he was used to being alone. And even if John pitied him for being alone through adolescence and twenties, Sherlock hadn't mind that much.
He'd like to think that his own brain was so confused that he was getting mixed signals, but he knew better than that. He knew exactly why his damaged conscious had chosen that moment to get him.
Not rarely, the grey cat would give up his fluffy cushion in the living room to be around Sherlock in his room, curled on his bed. The cat even tried to stick around when Sherlock was learning to play the violin. But he didn't always manage to.
The little boy frowned and placed his hands on his tiny hips. “Pirates live in ships. There aren't ships here,” he started.
What if he couldn't remember properly? What if the data got mixed and he got confused? What if the damage got in the way of The Work?
. “I know you think that I'm useless, but you can't even remember to eat. And you do need more medical care than the average person,” John joked. Sherlock seemed almost hurt and John didn't know what to make of that. “I know you're not average,” he rolled his eyes.
That was another short chapter, I suck in dividing the story, guys, I'm sorry. I hope you're not too disappointed! I think the next one will be longer, anyway! (:
“I don't like her,” John said with a forced calmness. “Never have. But what do I know? I'm just an ordinary bloke.”
John rolled his eyes. “And here I was, thinking you hated repeating yourself,” he sighed. “Come on, you're going to bed now, because I'm going to bed and I'm not leaving you here.”
He was definitely the same brilliant bastard, deducing the nurse's affair and the hospital doctor's recent trip to Hawaii for a
"But who started the collection of Christmas photos for you? I know you're a genius, but you couldn't have started this, since in the first one your mother is still pregnant."
smarter. It's a fact. And if you don't know this after three years, you really aren't doing your job,” Mycroft said while tapping his umbrella on the floor. “I know you like to sell the idea of challenging the young pupils, but my brother is the greatest challenge you'll ever have.”
“I had a hideout to play. I just made the noises when I was in my room. But I started to play after that – good music in exchange of the lab. Fortunately I didn't have to share my room.”
to be jealous, John," he said, and John could feel Sherlock's smile and the warm brush of his breathing near his ear. "
“Always,” John said, trying to grin with a mouthful of biscuits. “So, let's get started, then. Is this trunk yours or Mycroft's?”
"The umbrella. There was never an umbrella before, that's the first photo in which he has his umbrella," John said, frowning and looking at the clipping again. "You have a scarf around your neck. You two look like...," John trailed off, confused. Sherlock smiled thinly, knowing what he was trying to say.
“I hope there will be some baby photos in this trunk, because I'd really like to see that!” John laughed. Seeing his friend's outraged expression, John shook his head. “I'm serious, you must have been so cute, all big eyes and curly hair”.
"I'm starting to think you do this on purpose. I'll have to ask Mycroft to send me the surveillance footage he has on us," he snorted. "Is there audio on them?" He asked, clearly disturbed, making Sherlock let out a chuckle. "Oh, my God! Your brother is evil," he finally said, shaking his head in disbelief.
“Yes, when you put it like that... But Mycroft have always been a younger version of my father. Father was a diplomat, that's why we had those insufferable parties and I had to wear ties,” he scowled.
“You are trying to make my brother fit on your normal schedules and rules. That would be ideal, Mr Elliot, but we don't live in an ideal world, do we? He's bored. He's been reading these books since he was six years old. This is being a Holmes. I'm afraid you ended up with the most difficult one of us, but that's an opportunity to do your job, since he is one of the most brilliant also.”
By the time Mycroft was born, Sherrinford would have been the perfect pet for a child. He was full of energy, chasing the birds on the trees of the Holmes' gardens and purring while sitting or laying in his own cushion on the sofa. But Mycroft wasn't the kind of child who would run around after a cat, and the fluffy pet had to wait until little Sherlock Holmes arrived in the family.
"I don't remember much," Sherlock said, looking straight down at his own empty (to John's silent relief) plate.
“Not quite. But I play the violin because of her, yes. And physically, yes. Wild hair, like she used to say, and pale skin and eyes.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but smiled. “I... I appreciate it,” Sherlock said, so low that for a moment John didn't know if he had actually heard it. “... but still there's no need”, he finished, even lower. And this time, John really didn't hear.
"When Mycroft cut off my funds, I decided to blackmail Sebastian so I wouldn't have to pay for my supplies," the detective started. "I would have told you this much If you had asked me then. Maybe. Possibly. Probably not."
What could John do, honestly? He could only laugh. “Oh, just shut up; I'm feeling relieved. Poor girl,” John said, shaking his head, and leaving the tray on the coffee table. He pushed Sherlock to the other side of the sofa, so that John could be next to the trunk. “Eat,” he said, shoving the plate of biscuits on Sherlock's lap.
He demanded that Sherlock ate. He demanded that Sherlock drunk 'his damn tea'. He demanded that Sherlock took care of his own body. He demanded to know about the bullies of twenty years ago, just because he couldn't accept the fact that someone had hit him at some point in his life. Those were the demands John made.
"Right," John said, just to get rid of the knot that was forming in his throat. He wished he didn't knew where this was going.
“I don't mean to make people angry,” he said, looking at her with big wet eyes. “Can't I just stay in my room? I have some plants to catalogue!”
Normally John would oblige without second thoughts. Actually, normally Sherlock didn't have to ask John to leave him alone. The two of them functioned so well together because these things weren't needed. John wasn't Molly; he didn't try to make small talk with Sherlock. John just let him be. In fact, Sherlock was the one who talked so much to John that sometimes he didn't even bother checking if the doctor was at home or not.
"I would never let anything happen to you," Sherlock said, now quietly, trying to collect himself. "You should know that by now."
Sherlock froze, staring at the box. That simple box was almost causing a short circuit in his Mind Palace. After a moment, he snatched the box from John and opened it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and slipped off the room, but couldn't resist the urge to listen to end of that remarkable conversation.
Mycroft went to sleep that night asking himself if he was a bad person for wishing his parents' bodies had just disappeared in the sea. After fidgeting in his bed for a while, he decided he didn't give a damn if he was a bad person, he really wished that.
“So... Is this about the party?” she asked, and he nodded. “I know you don't like it, but it's something we have to do, okay? It's for Father's work,” she told him, patting his cheek. “I'm sure there will be other children too.”
"This is invasive," John said, without knowing what else to say. The photo showed the two boys – because even if Mycroft could already show all the signs of his omnipotence, that was what he really was – isolated from the other people present at the funeral. A detailed photo showed the mausoleum of the family. A black stone with neat golden letters said simply: Holmes.
. John took deep breaths and closed and opened his left hand several times. Before he could even react, he felt Sherlock's hand on his right one.
Sherlock was a difficult man – no doubt there – but extraordinary, and John didn't know how to deal with the idea of someone trying to hurt him.
"I did examined them when I was ten, though," Sherlock smiled. "I already had a partial lab in the house."
“Ha-ha. No,” John said, pulling Sherlock on his feet and shoving him in the direction of the bedroom. “Goodnight, sleep tight, and no fucking violin. Respect poor Sherrinford.”
John continued to flick through the photographs on the scrapbook, and noticed that there were notes written around each of one of them. Sherlock had been making observations about the family's traits, observing the changes in his and Mycroft's features, as well as in their parent's.
John thought about sending a simple text. But what could he write? 'Sorry, I'm cancelling again, because Sherlock has a trunk he's afraid to open. The trunk is more important than you. But I would stay home if he had a headache too. I would stay home if he didn't eat his dinner too. Yes, I would probably stay home if he seemed troubled in his sleep'.
John could understand the feeling; it made him feel more comfortable. "Yeah. I'd chase down all of those bullies," and snorted, without worrying to sound ridiculous.
Mummy approached him, still smiling and helped him with his little bow tie. Sherlock had always hated ties, and he always told his mother that he would never wear ties when he was a grown up. It was a matter of the greatest importance for him to tell everyone that ties were silly things and that he was always displeased to wear them.
“He was silent, he ran around after you while you did your mad things, he accepted your experiments, which by the way, I would like best if they were still about plants and bugs. Sherrinford wouldn't like the head in the fridge, I'm sure,” John giggled.
And to think that not much time ago, John had nearly punched Sherlock in the face when the detective had said that he didn't have friends. And he was drugged and afraid.
Unbelievable as it was, John had actually chosen that life. Surely, having a girlfriend to have dinner and some sex (if it wasn't too much to ask) would be lovely, but being a doctor and a fighter was what he did; it was who he was. He'd be damned if anything else was more important than this.
“He wasn't,” Sherlock said, surprising John and himself by the sudden honesty about his brother. “When he was still living with us, I spent much less time sitting and drawing.”
“Of course!” Sherlock blurted. “Wouldn't you beat the freakish skinny kid, who was smarter than the teachers and didn't have any parents?” Sherlock snapped.
After all, John Watson could only be Sherlock’s protector to a certain point. He couldn't just read Sherlock's mind and immediately know where the detective would run to on his own. Fortunately, he knew his flatmate was a stupid genius and the help arrived sooner than later.
. In John’s opinion, those people could just sod off, because he was a grown-up, thank you very much, and Sherlock didn't do anything that John didn't let him do.
"How did you get those files?" he asked. "And can't you just solve one crime at a time? You ought to start slowly, you know? And yesterday you got pretty worked up," he said, even if he knew it wouldn't make any damn difference.
Sherlock stood up and smiled, throwing himself on his back on the couch. "Well, there was that time you didn't want to observe the larvae of that queen bee in its cell with me," he pointed. He most definitely wasn't pouting.
She smiled. Of course her little genius had research to do. “I'm sorry, dear, you can't. But you just have to stay downstairs for a while, I'll stay with you as much as I can, okay?” She smiled at him fondly. She probably knew that Sherlock would do anything for her. Not because she asked, but because he liked being near her as much as he could.
Why did Sherlock accepted that stupid job anyway? He couldn't have known it would be so interesting from the email.
read your thoughts, right?" John thought about it for a moment. The name was familiar. Maybe a case. Oh. "That arrogant bastard from the Blind Banker case? What about him?"
"Yeah, I know you think it is," the doctor said. "But I won't think twice if I see him again," he sighed quietly, not confessing anything, just stating the obvious.
“Aw, don't be jealous of our dates, Sherlock, just because your brother is so lovely,” John mocked and Sherlock smiled. “And no, you git, he told me you wanted to be a pirate. He told me this when he gave me those files about Irene,” he said, trying very hard not to remember Irene Adler and her strange ways.
John couldn't really help feeling responsible. It was something that filled him constantly, it had to do with the helplessness of living with Sherlock, but being so far away of his mind. Sherlock was an island, he always would be, partly because he behaved like that, but mostly because nobody could understand completely the amount of knowledge a single man could store.
But he had never felt the guilt he was feeling at that moment. No, he was Sherlock Holmes, he wasn't the type to let a guilty conscious get the best of him.
The sequence of photos ended abruptly with the one from the Christmas of 1987, showing a ten-year-old Sherlock, with his mass of untamed curly hair and the characteristic air of defiance on his face. He was tall for his age – having grown rather drastically after his fifth Christmas, judging by what John could see from the photographs. After this photo, only one more page on the scrapbook was used. In the end of it, a clipping from a local newspaper showed Sherlock and Mycroft at young age in the funeral of their parents –
John sighed and smiled fondly at Sherlock's expression. The poor thing was really at a loss. The doctor approached Sherlock and held his gaze.
After finishing one of the most vexing conversations with Kat, John finally went downstairs and prepared a tray with tea, milk, sugar and a plate of biscuits. Sherlock was still in the same position John had left him some minutes before. The detective snapped from his thoughts and smirked at John.
In the end, it all came back to that surname. John had to admit that after knowing a little about their family history, Sherlock's relationship with Mycroft didn't seem so strange anymore. They were both Holmeses – they would skip the phony pleasantries, and jump straight to the dramatics. It would be the British Government against the world's only Consulting Detective, fighting about cheating diets and unpleasant violins. It sure did give John a little perspective.
“You still hate it,” John pointed out. “You must have driven the household insane,” he shook his head. “I think I've always wanted to be a doctor and a soldier. When I think about it, Mycroft doesn't sound so strange, after all. I always knew what I wanted too. You too, but you had to invent your job, because you're Sherlock Holmes, the brilliant git.”
Mycroft's fortune was that before dying his Father had taught him to use the tone of voice that made people do
It was the first time John had been in the presence of Sherlock Holmes and his drug of choice. John knew drug addiction well enough to know that a simple finding like the one that had just happened could destroy months and years of recovery, especially in the state of mind Sherlock was. Maybe the stupid genius would think the drug could be a great help to his confusion. He could even listen to the arguments Sherlock would use on his own head.
John tried again very hard not to think about any of this. It wasn't any of his business, really. And if he didn't want Sherlock to meddle in his love life, the least he could do was do the same.
The first one was to find a quiet place with a telephone from where he could call the household and tell them that he would be the one delivering the news to his brother.
It wasn't until four years after the cat's death that Sherlock let himself cry. But then he had missed much more. Right after his parent's death and Mycroft's decision that he was going to Harrow, Sherlock let himself remember his memories from his house, his mother and the little Sherrinford. Sherlock was completely alone in the universe, without his parents, his house, his brother and his beloved cat.
“Ah,” Sherlock scowled, probably at the suggestion that him and Mycroft had something in common. “They were both very intelligent, if that's what you're asking. But Mummy was brilliant, she was a very talented pianist,” he smiled fondly.
John rolled his eyes. Really, sometimes it was like living with a diva, what with all the dramatic coats and dressing gowns. “Don't be daft. I know you need it. I'm a quite good doctor,” he said, bringing Sherlock a steaming mug of tea and placing it on the coffee table.
What if all the floating data damaged the other memories? What if the other rooms in his Mind Palace were damaged in the process?
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Protective today, are we?” John gave him his Captain Watson stare. “Nothing like that. He didn't OD either, if that's what you're going to ask next,” he said. “Yes, I am the consulting detective, I know you are alternating between Captain and Doctor.”
Sherlock frowned. “Of course not. I liked him very much. I just wanted to observe. And I only kept his skull, the rest is buried on my family's garden.”
"I mean that you aren't just helping. You were curious, I can see that now you're running theories about me and my brother through that slow head of yours. This I understand." Sherlock turned and sat himself with his back to the arm of the sofa, facing John, alarmingly close. "But it's not only that – no, it's not just curiosity, or you would have asked me before. You really care. Well, you care about everything, I know that much, it's obvious. Caretaker, Soldier, doctor- all of that is clear and obvious. But this
“What is this about?” Sherlock asked confused. He had the sensation that he was missing something, and he didn’t like it.
Sherlock relaxed and smiled, looking very pleased with himself. "Yes, I did that. I saved you from a dull life."
“I am, indeed, responsible for Sherlock, Mr Elliot. But one would think you'd be capable of doing your job judging by the amount of money you and your institution receive.” Mycroft told the bald man in front of him. His tone was collected and terrifying, as always.
“Sherrinford,” Sherlock answered, trying not to giggle. “He was a very old cat, my mother had him since before marrying my father.”
"Something like that," Sherlock answered, peering at the photos, with his face blank. If John didn't knew better, he would think that Sherlock wasn't at all affected. But he did. "I used to hear my father tell us about the Holmeses and that was the only way I had to make my own observations. I tried to get blood samples, but they said I was too young to examine them. Idiots," Sherlock complained.
“Well, I was. A piece of candy and a ball and I was happy. But you, easily pleased? Even as a kid? Oh, I doubt that, I doubt that very much.” John smiled, still browsing the notebook, but now finally noticing the folded sheet of paper on his lap. He opened and smirked. “Reprimand from your tutor in Harrow.”
Sherrinford's death wasn't a surprise for the Holmes family. The cat had had a long life and even Sherlock was already expecting it. Maybe his readings about the animal's body and functions had helped him to understand the process of the pet's death. The boy knew Sherrinford was already very old and on the day he died, Sherlock tried not to cry a single tear. He knew Mummy would tell him that it was alright to cry, but he knew it wasn't logical, crying was not going to bring Sherrinford back. Sherlock and Violet Holmes buried the cat on the garden where Sherlock and Sherrinford used to run together.
They couldn't be normal, they weren't John and Harry – and thinking it through, John had to admit that Sherlock and Mycroft were awfully closer than he and his sister. It didn't matter how much bickering they had between them, they still knew each other better than anyone else. Not only because they were brothers, but because they were Holmeses. They would just sit and deduce the hell out of each other.
He had had to wait many years until an ex-army doctor called him 'brilliant' and 'amazing', shot a man to save his life, and accept to be his partner without any demands.
"I don't know what you're talking about, but it's improbable, since you're quite stupid," Sherlock said.
“Yes, yes, okay. Anyway, I'm starting to like Sherrinford too. He reminds me of myself,” John giggled.
“I brought my reprimand. Mr Stoper and Mr Howell already signed it,” Sherlock said, trying to ignore the amused expression he was receiving from Mycroft, that clearly said 'I see you're wearing a tie, how polished of you'.
"No, it's fine," Sherlock asked, and he really meant it. There was something soothing about seeing those photos after so long. Things didn't hurt quite so much, and he could notice what he couldn't notice before. "We look...," he trailed off.
Mycroft knew normal children at his age were supposed to hate their younger siblings, but he also knew that normal rules didn't fit the Holmes family. The different phases of jealousy, the competition for the mother's attention, the dispute for presents were never part of his relationship with Sherlock.
“So, let's move on, then. Ready for the next one?” John asked. Sherlock nodded. “Okay, let's see. Oh God, what's this?” John said, feeling something very strange inside the wooden trunk. “Is this a skull?” He asked and pulled the object out of the trunk. “Oh my God! You didn't!” John cried.
"Hm? Lestrade had them sent to me. I didn't leave the flat," Sherlock answered, annoyed beyond words, in that particular petulant way that only he could sustain. "You agreed I could start solving cold cases."
“Oh, I noticed you were thinking about collecting his violin. I strongly advice you not to. He would probably get it back in less than half an hour, and it wouldn't be worth your trouble. You
Really, pyjamas, socks and tea. Who cares about going out anyway? “Yes- He has memory loss! Yes, it was probably his fault. Listen-” John sighed. It was surprising that he managed to control his anger. If Kat only knew of his rows with the chip and pin machine, she would just shut up and hung up on him.
But now he was afraid. Afraid of not being able to restore the corridors and rooms of his Mind Palace, afraid of losing the memories he had had the trouble to keep hidden, but safe.
“I can't believe you gave up playing your violin just to despise your schoolmates,” John said shaking his head. “No, actually, I do believe that,” he giggled.
.' All of them some distortion of the same old lines he had listened from Harry too many damn times.
“You kept the skeleton of your family cat, Sherlock, that’s not obvious,” John sighed. “Well, I guess it is for you. So, did you hate him, so you decided to keep his bones to experiment on them?”
Sherlock stopped for a moment outside the Headmaster's office to put on his tie. Normally, he wouldn't be caught dead in the stupid thing, but he wasn't in the mood for one more lecture about proper uniform- that was just going to give him a brain tumour. But he was going to die fighting whoever tried to make him use that awful hat.
"I...," the detective frowned. "I really don't know. That small box had much more than needles and a picture in it."
But even if Mycroft would never say it, little Sherlock was the one who needed the coins the most. They were the perfect treasure to fit the end of the train of clues Mycroft planned for him. It was the perfect game for the siblings: Sherlock would have a puzzle to solve, would have to run up and down the house, and would have a treasure to find. And Mycroft would be saved from the legwork, since he used to leave it for the household to actually place the clues in their right spots.
Little Sherlock nodded and entered the bedroom, sitting on the trunk his mother kept in her bedroom. It was his favourite place to sit; it was where his mother talked to him, hugged him and kissed him every night before he went to bed. Mummy always said it was Grandma's trunk before, and that she was the one who sat on it when she was little. Sherlock always liked that trunk- maybe because he always loved Grandma and Mummy so much.
Sherlock nodded again and stared at his own feet. They didn't quite reach the floor yet. He wasn't exactly a tall child, but he knew he would be tall someday. Father and Mummy were tall, and Mycroft was already quite tall for his age. He supposed one couldn't expect much height from a six-year-old.
John was laughing. “You said you liked the cat and called him silly. I was called an idiot the day after we met, I see a pattern.”
John sighed. Sometimes he wished it was easier to talk to Sherlock about these sorts of things, but he wasn't the best in it, and Sherlock definitely was even worse. “I think we should put him on the mantle.”
Sherlock knew he was physically fine, but his mind was such a mess, and John's touch was so soothing that he allowed himself to enjoy the attention he was getting. Just for a tiny split of second, he would look into those deep blue eyes and confirm that
“This is Sherlock being a Holmes and a teenager, Mr Elliot. As you can see, he is, in fact, the smartest boy between your pupils. You and his Tutor should probably think of better activities for him. My suggestion would be for you to open the lab for him to do his own particular experiments. There'll be always something for him to learn and I'm sure his Chemistry teacher can learn a lot from him.”
“Unless you intend to help instruct me on the unimaginative task of swapping saliva with a murderous vamp, I suggest you shut up.”
“Yeah, like that’s going to happ–” John nearly chokes when ‘silk and steel’ sweeps into the room, all perfectly styled hair and sharp cheekbones.
The problem is, Vatican Cameos has lost its appeal as a euphemism. Irene knows it, the American Secret Service knows it, Mycroft undoubtedly knows it. Unacceptable. It’s high time Vatican Cameos is put out to pasture.
Sherlock pages John on the answer phone. He sounds prissy and pretentious in lieu of his “Help.” and the urge to strangle him is immense. John shuffles down the hall, his blanket trailing behind him on the floor at a snail’s pace. Lifts the receiver from its cradle. “Sh’lock?” he croaks. “Are you okay?”
It isn’t accurate to say a part of Sherlock is lost without John at his side. No. Sherlock is a whole person. But it feels as if his biology is no longer functioning at optimum efficiency. John enables him. Doesn’t necessarily make him better than he already is—because he’s natraully incredible—but John makes Sherlock regard himself in a new light. Like he’s worth it.
“You should be ashamed of yourselves,” one of the staff chastises John. “A man of your age. Honestly.”
John isn't surprised. He's curious as to where Sherlock procured a roll of barcodes, though. Stalking him is one thing, but taking inventory of his underwear is another.
“I know you’re hell bent on dying first ‘n all,” John says. “But I’d appreciate it if you’d stop trying so hard, yeah?”
Sherlock complains that the inside of his nose is cold. He exhales against the nape of John’s neck; John lets Sherlock breathe on him for as long as he likes. “Happy Birthday,” John says. Rolls over and kisses his tepid mouth, sliding his tongue under Sherlock’s superior labial frenulum. Or ‘that thing that’s not the uvula…what th’ bloody hell is it, John?’. Suckles his upper lip so it’s nice and warm and pliant, kneads it between his teeth. But Sherlock isn’t fond of morning-breath. So he snuggles his face against John’s neck, huffing and puffing.
. First only because sexual compatibility seems to be ‘the basis of a stable relationship’, if Sherlock is to believe the internet. (Dull. And the other setbacks can go rot.) Sherlock doesn’t give a flying fuck about sexual orientation or gender identification unless it’s
Sherlock should have known archetypal platitudes would mean little to the man who is all but destroying him.
Sherlock’s mouth is abruptly dry. Parched. His tongue perches on the edge of his teeth, eager to taste what’s not there, but craving all the same.
John doesn’t know how Sherlock does it. How he can look so damn affronted cohabiting his coat with a grown man. “Oh, don’t. Who? There must be someone.”
Sherlock balls his hands into fists. He looks around the room at nothing in particular. “Your legs burned off,” he mutters.
John prods at his crows feet. Frowns at his reflection. Sherlock watches him from his chair, slightly confused. John is not a vain man. He is, however, subject to hubris, which Sherlock has come to associate with men of John’s stature and profession. But John isn’t most men. He dresses for comfort and convenience, not fashion. An almost Spartan lifestyle, really. And Sherlock’s brains, his cleverness, have never—not once—been seen as a threat. John finds him amazing. Spectacular.
Sherlock unplugs the memory stick. “We’re done here. Come on.” Steers John outside. His face hurts from the effort not to laugh. John’s chortling enough for the both of them.
Drowning. Deeper. Sinking down and down inside his chest. Plummeting, freefalling, flying until he reaches the bottom or the peak, the apex or the nadir. Either way. Doesn't matter; he's teetering on the edge of the world, looking down into the starry night. Eyes wide. A beat of suspended animation. Heat, pressure, pleasure.
leap for joy. Only, instead of blood and bullets, it’s ketchup and carbohydrates. And it’s probably one of the…cutest…things Sherlock has ever seen.
Sherlock hugs himself. Scratches through his sleeves. Waits and waits and waits for an eternity. Time and space pressing down, down, down on his shoulders. His vertebra allocating the pain throughout his spine. Down his arms and legs and he can’t remember when he was. Or where he’s gone. Or why he’s supposed to be. But he does remember the name and the face of his dealer.
John doesn’t have the heart to argue with him. Sherlock’s mobile hasn’t moaned in over a month and he’s convinced Sherlock’s lethargy stems from Irene Adler’s radio silence. John straightens Billy’s hat. He drops the conversation.
So John does. Gentle nails scratching against his scalp. He rubs errant curls between his fingertips. Tugs a little when Sherlock pesters him with guttural noises, lips pressed against John's jugular notch. Tongue dipping inside. Teeth against skin.
. John’s hand is sandwiched between Sherlock’s erection and his pelvis. John rolls his hips, an involuntary jerk, and a desperate “Oh, God…” A gush of precome oozes down the head of Sherlock’s cock, over John’s attentive fingers.
Sherlock breathes in and he breathes out. “Lestrade is going to phone me about a case within the hour.”
John does not sleep in Sherlock’s bed. He’s genuinely afraid Sherlock is experimenting with bedbugs despite his flatmate’s assurances to the contrary. So his own bed it is. And John doesn’t mind the separate bedrooms thing. He’s a light sleeper. Finds it difficult to relax if his partner snores or tosses and turns or talks in their sleep. Sherlock does all three. As annoying as he is on a cognizant stage, he’s doubly irksome sleep-deducing that John has an irrational fear of facial hair at 3:00AM.
John shrugs. His face is rosy from laughter. “Oh, c’mon. You can think of a reason why we’re down here, can’t you?”
Sherlock can’t reach anyone on his mobile. John’s phone fell out of his pocket in the processing plant. Sherlock tells John that Mycroft is way too nosey and his daily regimen of undercover work will yield their imminent rescue, not to worry, they’re in comparatively good hands. After two hours of jogging in place, and after Sherlock has grown tired of sending failed ‘Fuck you. SH’ texts to his brother, the energy it takes to resent Mycroft is just too taxing.
John’s finds himself leaning forward in his seat. Breathes heavily through his nose when Sherlock punctuates every
John relaxes under Sherlock’s ministrations. Sherlock familiarises himself with John’s eyebrows, his eyelashes, the helix of his ear. Mouth and tongue and he breathes out and out some more, dizzily marking John with shapeless words, airy promises. John gasps; “oh”s and “ah”s ghosting against Sherlock’s neck. Their knees knocking. Brushing. And Sherlock’s kneeling between John’s legs. His back undulates, one vertebra at a time. John braces his shoulders against the chair, lifting his bottom out of the seat just so he can reach.
Flushed and perspiring beneath the sheets of John’s bed. A cocoon of linen. Safe and sound in a tangle of limbs and a nest of pillows and discarded clothing. John loves him thoroughly, attentively, casing Sherlock’s lean frame beneath his body. Extols him past the point of no return with
"John," Sherlock presses on. "I won't regale your friends and family with anecdotes from our many cases together. It would do little to illustrate how integral you are to me and my work. You are..." Looks down at (what appears to be) his half-eaten dinner. "...more than a friend. You are my partner. So believe me when I say I wish you every happiness. I am a cynic, John. When you told me you were getting married, I found the idea or marriage ludicrous and superficial. Now, I find it..." Looks up, into John's eyes. "...agreeable."
John is sexual. Sherlock is asexual. This is the first and most insignificant setback in a series of impediments for them as a…Sherlock shudders at the word
“Fuck me,” John moans. And Sherlock is pretty sure his statement is one of resignation, not a request. Still, he’s no less enthusiastic when Sherlock kisses him in earnest, their mouths sliding together in perfect syncopation.
John sings under his breath. He’s dressed smartly in a cornflower button down. His trousers are neatly pressed. He lights the candlesticks Sherlock’s not-really-saving for an experiment, but he finds himself resenting John’s
Sherlock wobbles to the window. Peers outside. Squinting, wide-eyed, and squinting again. “I don’t see ‘em.
“Clearly.” Sherlock chauffeurs John toward the open seat. His genteel tone of voice is disarming. Enough so that John’s sense of fair play is overruled.
John looks at him with eyes so heavy with emotion they start to shine, to overflow, complementing a smile as catching as the rest of him.
Where did he burry that—ah! He opens the bread box. Bats fifteen species of moths to disperse. A stack of envelopes, secured with the spinal cord of a Malaysian pygmy.
John shakes his head. “Sit,” is his command. Points toward the studio full of twenty-somethings and the drawing horses they’re straddling. Gathering their brushes, mixing their paints. Pallet knives scraping taut canvas and the smell of hot wax, oddly. “We’ll talk later.”
“I’m afraid I would keep you anyway,” Sherlock blurts. He’s surprised to hear himself divulge this heretofore heavily guarded secret. A bit not good. Admitting he would hold John hostage against his will. Because he would. Or not. Probably not. But he’d try. For a while. Maybe. Sherlock swallows his uncertainty. It tastes like mercury. Vexed and impatient, he snaps, “Say something.”
Sodden jumper sleeves rolled up to his elbows. The sound of water sloshing and cutlery clinking. John is barefoot, at ease. Posture perfect. He stands straight for every occasion, be it conversing with Mycroft Holmes or scrubbing congealed pasta sauce from Mrs. Hudson’s good spatula.
Sherlock fishes his mobile from his trouser pocket and sets it on the table. He deftly taps the screen while he lectures Deez on the
John can sense Sherlock’s intent to disengage before he can take a step back. He tightens his hold. Just a bit. Almost imperceptible. But not imperceptible to Sherlock Holmes.
John reasons it’s because Sherlock can’t see the people he’s talking to. Sherlock is socially stunted, sure, but he relies heavily on non-verbal cues.
John eyes him warily. Climbs inside, half expecting Sherlock to scarper off to places unknown like the skiving bastard he is. To John’s astonishment, Sherlock hops in after him. “Baker Street,” he instructs the driver. “221B.”
Not only is John too tired to put up a decent fight, John’s too tired to justify his assumptions. He waves his hand noncommittally. “Not important. Continue.”
“The concept of timing must be foreign to you.” John idly scratches behind his ear, ducking his head. His face is ruddy from blushing.
. Something that should have been hot and fiery and maybe a little hungry. Clumsy hands, shaky breaths, and trembling bodies. But Sherlock is petulant, foiled in a strange turn of events. He accepts John’s kiss, but declines to accommodate him by tilting his head to one side or opening his mouth when John licks his lips. He can’t
John is sexual. Sherlock is asexual. This is the first and most insignificant setback in a series of impediments for them as a…Sherlock shudders at the word
John reaches up. Places the tip of a single finger on Sherlock’s stomach and revels in the shuddering breath his touch generates. Teases Sherlock’s treasure trail. Dips his finger into the gap between his groin and trousers Sherlock provides. Moist heat. A thick nest of curls. Sherlock eyelids flutter closed. “Where?”
Sherlock cries, his hands desperate in John’s hair, swaying with every rise and fall of John’s restricted thrusts. The cuffs of his shirt mancle his wrists.
Two of his classmates hold hands in the library. They’re both scouring the pages for Waldo, who isn’t all that hard to find, really. Sherlock doesn’t understand the appeal. He watches them closely anyway, his concentration divided between their interactions and the dead bee he found on the windowsill.
Buttons his shirt, heaving a sigh. He doesn’t want to talk to people. Doesn’t want to have to listen to their voices, watch them mingle. It’s horrendous bearing witness to the mating rituals of the human race. John, especially. He’s always so chipper. So stomach-clenchingly charming. Trying too hard. Way too hard. Sherlock grimaces. Straightens his lapel in the mirror before he slinks back into the living room, the picture of suavity.
Mushrooms and cheese and none of these flavors are particularly savory secondhand. Doesn’t stop Sherlock from licking any semblance of risotto off John’s mouth. His lips buzzing with the stimulation.
He feels nothing because he desires to feel nothing. He only ever wants to feel nothing when he fears feeling everything.
Sherlock rakes his fingers through his hair, tangle in his soppy curls. John’s words bandage the evidence of insults past. Enfold him, a second skin, and it’s John’s assertions how he’s fantastic, brilliant, and marvelous that support Sherlock as he shrugs off the
Leaping fences, picking locks. Panting, jogging, dodging paparazzi and stifling their laughter. Sherlock leads them to an underground parking garage that may or may not have been the scene of John’s first encounter with Mycroft. A nondescript Sedan and an equally nondescript Molly Hooper are waiting for them.
John will not acknowledge the tinge of pride he hears in Sherlock’s voice. They’re stripped to their underthings, mildly concussed, sweating bullets, and they don’t have the leverage to kick the coffin open. Sherlock’s approval can’t be taking precedence. It just can’t.
Sherlock starts nosing around, too. Mirroring John because when in doubt, do as John does. Flattens his nostrils closed against the top of John’s head and exhales. “Tedious.”
Suddenly sits up straight, dislodging John entirely. “That’s it!” Leaps off the bed and runs down the stairs. “You’re fantastic, John!” And it’s a little bit sad Sherlock’s praise still makes John’s blush like a teenaged girl. He’s got it bad for a mad genius, though, so he’s allowed to be soppy every now and then.
It wasn’t long before he was cross-stitching himself. There was something hypnotic about it. Something soothing about the tug and the pull and the scratching sound of thread and fabric. He did not cross-stitch often and he never completed a template in his life, but the satisfaction of binding one something to another something never dissipated. When he decided he wanted to be a doctor, then an army surgeon, the same sense of fulfillment kept his hands steady as he sewed his friends back together.
“…and then he said—do you know what he said to me?” Sherlock grins. Big and bold and, yeah. He’s a bit drunk, too. “He said to me—this is what he said to me—
“Those ‘blokes’ didn’t look like ‘those blokes’, John.” Clip. “Kiss N’Tell has a database of Kissers on their website. Complete with egregious profiles and highly edited photographs. The Kiss N’Tell upper management has assured me that my picture fits the description of the previous victims.”
. So agonizing. After weeks of over analyzing everything from their mid-morning conversations to the way John styled his hair, enough was enough.
John plays music. He discovered that while Sherlock’s mind is occupied thinking on a level that would incapacitate mere mortals, his body—failing to respond to stimuli like touch or smell—is vulnerable to sound. It isn’t much, granted, but it’s something. John composed a CD of orchestral pieces, mostly strings. He stashed copies in the kitchen for just such an occasion.
John checks his pulse. Fixes the collar of Sherlock’s robe. Rubs the pad of his thumb under Sherlock’s eyes, noting the evidence of discoloration from lack of sleep. Tuts his disappointment, but he’s smiling. He leads Sherlock to where the bed is in reality and Sherlock follows. Drops his guard wholly and without hesitation.
“What? John, we’re loitering in the vicinity of Anderson’s office. He’s an idiot, but I’m sure even he will deduce that we’ve been up to no good.”
. “Yes, alright!” John snaps. Or tries to snap. God help him, he finds Sherlock’s diligence charming as all hell. “I’m trying to—“
John snorts. Good humor. Not insulted. “You’re terrible at this.” Sherlock is affronted before John concludes with, “I’m worse.” Licks his lips. “I’m not—I don’t know what I’m doing,” he admits, exhaling his admission in confidence. “I’ve never done this before. With a man. And I feel stupid, but I want to pursue you. Not like this,” he flounders. “But. Um. Obviously. With murder. But not murder, of course. What I’m saying is, I…” John sighs. “…I like you. I fucking like you and I honestly can’t think straight, Sherlock, Jesus Christ.”
Sherlock sniffs. Pretends he’s otherwise engaged. “What’s her name?” Fingers an F sharp on his violin.
Sherlock’s excuse is twofold. One—and this is implicit—it satisfies his overt sense of drama. Two, he doesn’t want Mycroft privy to their plans. John gets a good laugh out of the former and he has yet to determine how Sherlock managed to purchase plane tickets without notifying Mycroft of the latter. However Sherlock got his hands on tickets to Paris, John doesn’t ask. He probably doesn’t want to know.
John feels predominately uncomfortable when he wakes up the next morning to the sound of Sherlock having phone sex at the kitchen table. Badly.
“Victim showed signs of bruising...” John objects mutely when the warm weight of Sherlock’s hand abandons its post. Skims across the drawstring of his pajama bottoms, catching his thumb on the hem of John’s t-shirt again. Flicks his wrist. Rides up his stomach, exposing his midsection. Sherlock drags his knuckles across John’s ribcage, the crook of his arm, and caresses his wrist. “…here.” Then the other. “And here. The chafing indicates she was bound with nylon rope. Victim says her husband, wearing a toboggan, eyeholes cut into the material. That’s important, John. He attacked her. Knocked her down on the floor.” Sherlock straddles John on his knees. Pins his arms against the bed, repositions his hands against the headboard. “Like so. But it couldn’t have been her husband.”
Nothing, as of yet, has given him any reason to put faith in such an ill-defined emotion. Love is patient, love is kind. Love is privy to murder. Love is the soft, white underbelly of altruism. Jealousy and illusions of control. Love is more than vicious, it’s an excuse. An excuse to screen calls, dictate wardrobes. Batter and bruise. An excuse not to be alone.
Sherlock grunts. Sounds suspiciously like an ‘obviously’ in guttural form. Draws a quick breath when he decides, “No sense in dwelling on it, then.” Nervous. Shaky. The rustle of their clothes when John shifts his weight. When Sherlock’s fingers traipse down and down and he palms the ring in John’s trouser pocket.
Sherlock turns over on his stomach and gazes into the kitchen. John is standing at the sink, studying a lobster. He’s making
Sherlock doesn’t like that idea, either. Doesn’t want just anyone rummaging around his things. Nor does he want to start an argument about strangers in the flat lest John suggest they get their hands dirty chasing vermin. The only pests he feels obligated to hunt down are murderous, human ones. “Fine,” Sherlock grudgingly agrees. The proceeding note is a tad on the piercing side.
