Castiel wasn’t sure how long they’d been kissing, but unfortunately it was long enough for the water to get cold.
“What?” Dean asked innocently, “We both know you’re gonna put all your time and effort into this relationship, so why not find out if –.”
“I thought… I thought I’d lost you,” Dean whispered, as if speaking too loudly would send Castiel into cardiac arrest.
Cas is halfway through jotting down Wednesday’s schedule when he hears footsteps approaching. He looks up and has to clench his jaw to keep it from unhinging. He immediately adjusts his posture, sitting up straight and trying his best to look without
Here's chapter 2, by popular demand! Thank you again for reading! Let me know what you think; I might start posting a chapter every other day. (:
“Good night,” he mutters as he rushes out the door for the second time that night. When he gets to his room he locks the door and falls onto his bed, face first. He groans, because
“Cas, are you there?” he starts. “I hope you can hear me. Look, man, I’m sorry for taking so long to figure out why you’ve been weird all week. You can thank Sam for spelling it out for me. I guess I just… I don’t know how to accept your affection?” Dean shakes his head. “Which is a shit excuse, I know, but… what we have, Cas, it’s special, I know that. I know you have feelings for me, it’s obvious now, and I guess I’m just scared. No, I know I’m scared. I’m terrified, really. Because…” Dean wrings his hands together. He’s not sure why he’s nervous. He’s known about his feelings for years; he’s just never said them out loud. Never thought the angel could possibly feel the same way. But now…
Castiel shrugged. He honestly didn’t know how he felt about letting some doctor into his head. He didn’t know if he would have to remember what happened to him when he was younger, or if he would have to talk about Lucifer. He was definitely nervous, but he knew he had to talk to a professional. He had quite a bit of baggage, and now, on top of that, Anna still had no clue where their father had gone.
Castiel resisting the urge to hit him. “Well, in that case, I’m going to need to have a little chat with your mother on who constitutes as a little lady.”
Anna scoffed. “Dad thinks I’m studying with a friend. I’m only working part-time, jeez. I need the money!”
“Will you stop talking to me like that if I get you your damn cereal?” Dean asked, barely containing his frustration. It was fun to see Dean all riled up, Castiel thought. He’s so adorable.
“I love you so much,” Cas whispers into Dean’s mouth, rising to get closer to him, ends up straddling him on the couch. He wraps both arms around Dean’s neck, holds him close as their tongues dance, runs a hand up the back of Dean’s neck and into his hair. “I’m so lucky.”
“Why do you care?” Castiel glared. He wouldn’t let Lucifer get into his head. “You want to try and kill him, too?”
“Hi,” Cas replies, fidgeting with the strings on his hoodie. Dean thinks it’s cute, but tries to ignore it. Instead, he plops down next to Cas, closer than he usually would, and places his hands on his lap. They sit in silence for a while, and the only sound in the room is a ticking clock.
“Hell yeah, man! Universities are breeding grounds for drugs, so I work the business here, send the money to another guy, and keep my 15%. It’s pretty great.”
want to wait. He wanted his and Dean’s first time to be something special. What if Dean had let him keep going? Would he have given him a handjob? Or sucked him off while he drove?
Sam made a noncommittal sound, “It’s okay, nothing much I can do besides wait for my soul mate to show up. Maybe it’s my roommate?”
“Never,” Dean sighed, plastering himself to Castiel’s back and breathing against his neck. He wrapped an arm around his waist. “Wanna stay close to you.”
Petrified because, well, the last time he and his brother were in the same vicinity, he’d tried to kill Castiel, and had almost succeeded. The time before that, Lucifer was getting kicked out of their home. It hadn’t been a pleasant sight.
“Baby?” Dean asked softly, finally earning him Castiel’s full attention. He turned to face Dean from where he stood near the bathroom door.
It's not okay, Sam!" Dean yells as he paces, back and forth, resisting the urge to punch in the walls. "I left them, just so
“You watch that dirty mouth of yours,” Cas teased, tugging Dean along in the direction of their dorm. “I have something I want to speak to you about.”
prepared for, and he grabbed on to the door to keep from sliding across the seat. The car behind them honked, but they made it onto the rest area ramp without killing anyone. Dean drove the Impala into an empty section of the parking lot before throwing it into park, slamming the radio shut, and bolting out of the car.
Dean waved a hand in the air, as if dismissing Sam’s unnecessary guilt. “Sam, come on. Just because things are a little rough for me right now –.”
“I’m…” Castiel didn’t want to lie, so he shrugged instead. Dean huffed a sigh and unlocked their room’s door. It felt good to be back in the comfort of their room, and Castiel couldn’t wait to sleep on his own bed. He stepped further inside as Dean closed the door behind them. When Castiel looked over toward his dresser, however, he froze.
On Monday’s, Dean sees Arthur, his financial advisor, and first partner in his adventure into polyamory. Thankfully, Arthur had experience in that field, and encouraged Dean to explore with whomever he needed to, so long as they always made time for each other.
Dean’s a bit surprised by Cas’s interruption, but he figures he can ask about it later. Now, though, Ben is shaking the angel’s hand and practically beaming.
“Of course I am,” Cas responded with a smirk as he released Dean’s wrists and began to button his shirt, “I’m always right.”
Dean chuckled, “You really should.” When everything was picked up, the petit brunette smiled up at Dean, but after a short moment, her smile faded.
Dean rolls his eyes, “Sam, I’m not the kids father, okay? I’m just the closest thing to family that he’s got, apparently. I don’t need anyone calling me
this, but he has to be sure. “So, no matter what your answer is, I won’t be upset. It won’t affect your job or your position here. I just need you to be completely honest with me, do you understand?”
Cas looks like he’s going to say yes, but then he pauses and shakes his head. “I think I’ll head to the library, actually. You two enjoy.”
Dean is frozen under Cas, hyperaware of his knee between his legs and the other next to his hips, Cas’s hands splayed on either side of his head, and Dean’s brain is currently short-circuiting from the
As much as he hated the thought, he knew his first stop would have to be home, in Sioux Falls. He owed his Uncle Bobby that much. And he owed Sam a proper funeral.
They end up in Dean’s bed that night. Nothing more happens, but when Dean wakes up with an armful of Cas the next morning, he doesn’t think he’s ever been more relieved to find that he hadn’t dreamt up the entire ordeal.
“You’re telling me! I have to read these things all day, and let me tell you, it is not fun,” Tessa responded. “But I think I can make these out. Your boyfriend must have just had surgery or something; these are pretty strong drugs.”
It wasn’t until the student took the pen he was chewing on out from between his lips that Castiel noticed his mouth.
“That was awfully cruel,” Ketch says with a chuckle, moving to sit on one of the plush guest chairs in front of the large desk. “The poor boy looks traumatized.”
Cas blinked up at Dean, panic melting into muted worry, “You said you’d be right back,” he whispered, and Dean shook his head.
Cas wanted to ask, but decided to spare Dean the awkwardness. He looked around the diner. It really was quite nice – rounded ceiling, wooden booths, and soft lighting. When they got to the counter, Dean was greeted by someone Cas assumed was the friend Dean had been talking about earlier.
"I know you wanted to wait a little longer, and I’m not entirely sure how this happened, but..but…" Cas stutters, then continues rambling, "I bought like eight different pregnancy tests and they all said positive and I was so excited but then I remembered that you wanted to wait and I wasn’t sure if you’d want to keep it-."
kissed a guy before, but after the initial hesitation, it’s as if everything else slides into place.
“I am, I’m just –.” Cas let his fork drop to his plate and covered his face with a hand, mumbling something Dean couldn’t quite hear. Dean put his own fork down and pushed his plate aside before reaching across the table to touch Cas’s healing hand.
He decided to skip all his classes that week, not caring that finals were just around the corner. He was completely content with barely passing his classes; he could always get his GPA back up during the two semesters he had left of college. He spent days wandering around the apartment he shared with Sam, avoiding their bedroom at all costs, eating whatever he could find in the pantry, and drowning himself in booze.
“Now, Cas, this is a very important question,” he explains, and it is. Dean is all for dominance, but not without consent. Something tell him Cas
– to say something, but Cas held a hand up. His left hand was wrapped in a white dish towel covered in red splotches.
Now, as Cas looked himself over in the dingy bathroom mirror, he almost wished he hadn’t gotten the feathers at all. They only reminded him of how weak he still was, compared to the warrior that he used to be.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Go make breakfast or something, I’m starved. I’m gonna shower and be right out.”
“You’ve been talking to Gabriel?” Castiel asked, surprised. They’d only met a few days ago, and it didn’t seem like Sam liked Gabriel at all. “Did he do something? I swear, that boy –.”
Dean threw his suitcase into his trunk and slammed it shut with a lot more force than strictly necessary. He stood there for a while, staring at his car – all fixed up, new coat of paint – he was buying time. With a sigh, Dean made his way to the driver side door and pulled it open. He glanced back up at Cas’s apartment building, and then down at the watch on his wrist. It was only 10:58. He could wait two minutes, right?
"…That’s a good question." Dean shakes his head. How could he have forgotten to ask that? It’s like that first thing you ask!
“He had a what!?” Castiel exclaimed, and then winced. The pain at his surgical sight was now just a dull throb instead of sharp pain, but apparently, it still ached if he exerted too much energy.
"He isn’t safe with me, Dean, I told you that already," Bobby explains. "What if I left a trail when I got the kid in the first place? The thing that got Lisa could be following his scent."
Castiel thought, but Dean’s hands suddenly went rigid around his own, and he could feel his tongue move, heavy and dry, in his mouth.
With a heavy sigh, Castiel complied, glad that the conversation was over for now. But if he knew his boyfriend at all, he knew that Dean would want answers, and soon. He climbed back into the bed and felt Dean’s arms wrap around his frame, and prayed that he hadn’t remembered enough to have bad dreams.
Castiel felt Dean’s body go ridged underneath him for a split second, but when he looked up, Dean was grinning.
Cas crowds Dean into the apartment and sets the pie down the closest surface - the back of the couch, Dean guesses. He hears a heavy slam beside them and suddenly he’s being whipped around and pressed against the back of the apartment door.
Castiel stepped out, lightly shoving Dean as he did so. “Whatever,” he muttered, and Dean laughed before shutting the door and sliding Castiel’s good hand into his own.
By Thursday, the fridge was running low on its contents, Dean was running low on patience, and time was running out for Cas to decide whether or not he would go with Dean to Sam’s funeral.
Anna sighed, letting her arms droop down at her sides. “I’m tired of Dad treating me like a baby. It’s like he won’t let me grow up! So, I’ve taken matters into my own hands. Don’t worry, I’m not drinking or sleeping around or anything.” She made a fist with her hands and rested her chin on it. “I just wanna have fun.” She batter her eyelashes at Castiel, fake smile plastered on just right, and Castiel groaned.
“Hey, you okay?” Dean asked from beside him. They had just entered the office building. It was quiet, well-lit, and resembled a hotel lobby. The floors were pale grey and carpeted, and a few people walked past, going up and down the visible stair cases behind the white front desk.
“Is this okay?” Cas asks then, and he looks genuinely concerned. Dean brings a hand up to pull Cas back down toward him. He kisses him, slow and sweet, and then looks at him.
“That’s a good thing,” Charlie nodded, glancing back down at her paper. “What about these goons of his?”
"Yes, Anna and Charlie know," Cas admits, dragging Dean by the arm into the living room. Dean doesn’t stop him. "So do Hael, and Balthazar, and Michael…and Sam and Jess-."
He sighed, and Sam was still looking at him, so he spoke up. “I’m just not hungry,” Dean deadpanned, which didn’t seem to satisfy Sam in the least, but he didn’t ask questions either. Just stood and signaled for Dean to follow him.
“You feel safe in here, don’t you?” he asked quietly, not a trace of judgment in his voice. Dean looked over to find Castiel’s eyes trained on his own, his head tilted slightly to the right, as if he were trying to process everything from Dean’s point of view in order to understand him.
“Yeah, me too,” Dean’s mind automatically thinks the worst, and his chest swells with a protectiveness that he hasn’t felt since he pulled Sam out of his place at Stanford the night Jess died. Now that Cas is human, he –
On Christmas Eve morning, Dean wakes up to an empty bed and the sound of retching. In seconds, he’s knocking at the door of the master bath, on high alert.
“I don’t know how,” Castiel breathed, trying to steady himself, “I don’t… there are things that happened that I can’t – Dean, I want to tell you, I do,” he promised, because he really did, “but I don’t know how to tell you. There’s just so much, and –.”
"What?" Dean asks harshly. He's already on edge, and he's certain that he doesn't have the patience for more bad news. "What else could there
“You’re being a child,” Castiel called from the linen closet. “I know you’re hurting, Dean, and… well, you’re allowed to be a bit
He and Sam are sitting at the table in a motel room in Nebraska, flipping through piles and piles of newspapers, trying to find a job, and Sam's chatting away, when suddenly he looks up at Dean, and his face reads like something terrible has happened.
“You’re hooked,” he said knowingly. “This Jessica has got you wrapped around her little finger, huh?”
“Whoa, Cas, slow down,” Dean interrupted, walking toward the bed and setting the bag down on the floor. He took Cas’s face in his hands and looked him in the eyes. “I’m alright, okay? I’m right here. Lay back down, you’re gonna hurt yourself.”
He looked up at Lucifer, keeping his face as emotionless as possible as he asked, “Why did dad kick you out?”
"Well I have a first-aid kit," Cas shrugged again, "I don't know much about healing myself so...slowly."
On Wednesday’s, Dean sees Cassie Robinson, a local councilwoman, and Dean’s first girlfriend. They were on and off all through high school, then she went away for college and graduate school. When she moved back home, she was surprised that Dean had run for mayor and actually won, but apparently it made him more attractive. A one-night stand turned into multiple nights together, until they just decided to see each other regularly.
The guy was definitely a student; he wore a university sweater. Dean wondered if he knew him, but as soon as the man spotted him, he immediately lowered his voice and turned away from him.
“Damn right I do,” Dean winks, then moves to sit next to his husband on his own side of the bed. He loosens his tie and reaches for his phone, sending a quick text to Sam about his plans for tomorrow, adding that he and Cas will need the night off as well. There’s
Before leaving the police station, Dean and Cas had been asked to return within the next two days, at the most, if Cas wanted to take another crack at Lucifer before some lawyer inevitably showed up to defend his sorry ass.
Dean checked his phone again and cursed under his breath when there were no new messages. The past week had been a blur. He went to work, but only because Balthazar insisted that he not spend too much of his free time alone. He had exchanged numbers with Gabe and Anna, and they kept in touch, checking in on each other often. Sam was the most concerned, though. Dean hadn’t been texting him or messing with him for days, which assured Sam that something was up. When Dean finally found the strength to tell his brother everything that was going on, Sam was ultimately more worried about Dean.
"Oh, don’t look at me like that," Cas sighs, "You can always eat them. Or put them in the fridge for tomorrow. I don’t know." He plops down on a stool and leans his elbows on the island in the center of the kitchen. "Do whatever you want."
After drying off his face with a paper towel, Dean stepped out of the bathroom and began making his way back to Cas’s apartment building. He walked quickly to avoid anyone who wanted to stop him. He wasn’t sure he could handle listening to another half-assed apology. Thankfully, he reached Cas’s door without any incidents. He knocked lightly, having forgotten to take the spare key in his bag with him before he left.
“You’re…okay with this?” Cas asked shyly, hair full of shampoo, and squinting to keep the soap out of his eyes.
Tessa laughed when Dean flashed a big smile. “You’re kind of adorable, you know that?” she said, picking up the slips of paper and sorting through them.
“No,” Dean corrected. Cas looked at him sideways. “Cas, dude, I’m doing this because I owe you for being a jerk earlier, remember?”
“Cas, you’re shaking,” Dean said, moving to hold Castiel’s shoulders, but Castiel flinched the moment he felt Dean’s hands on him.
"Oh yeah? Well as your elder, I order you to shut your damn pie hole," Dean shoves into Sam as he walks past, and Sam laughs in response. "Keep an eye on Ben, wouldya?"
“I’m a big fan of burgers,” said Cas, “but there’s just something about well-made pasta. Mmm. Gotta have it.”
Cas narrows his eyes at Dean, then his face breaks out into a full on grin, and Dean knows he’s in trouble. In a few swift movements, Cas throws Dean back onto the bed, then jumps on top of him, straddling his hips with his knees and holding Dean’s wrists against the mattress.
Dean shook his head, chuckling. This guy was a little odd, but he liked him. He took a deep breath and looked around, placing his hands on the counter. He could get used to working here. It was only a part time job, anyway. Four days a week, four hours a day. Today was Tuesday, and he worked Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Saturday. The shop was closed on Sunday’s. Since the store was currently empty, Dean thought he’d have a look at the tape collection.
“Baby, please,” Dean begged, sounding broken and desperate, and all the words Castiel planned on saying died in his throat.
“Good morning class,” Crowley began, placing his briefcase on the front desk. “I’m sure you all received the announcement about Thursday’s exam. I hope you’ve been studying; it
“Bet you hold something else against him, hmm?” The detective winks at them, and before Dean can process what just happened, she’s handing them the files they need and sending them on their way. Dean can’t get out of there fast enough.
Dean thought, and racked his brain for a way to save his pride. He smirked. “My mother always told me to open doors for little ladies,” Dean said, teasing.
“Right,” Dean agrees, nodding again as he leaves the kitchen. “No hesitations…” he mumbles to himself, and his mind goes where he knew it would. He groans, speed walking to the bathroom for a shower and some quick relief, trying his hardest
Cas had dropped his cereal bowl then, milk splashing on his lounge pants as he ran back into his bedroom to throw on some actual clothes, grab his keys, and speed over to the Winchester’s apartment. Now, here he was, washing Dean’s dishes. Because Dean’s brother was dead. Sam was
“It seems you didn’t bother getting it before you came in here,” Castiel shrugged. “Oh well.” He stepped out of the shower and heard Dean follow him out.
"Of course," Cas says, opening the bathroom door and peeking his head through. He wipes at his mouth with a hand towel. "Why wouldn’t we?" He’s wearing the blue robe from the set they received on there honeymoon almost two years ago. It makes Dean smile.
Castiel’s eyes flew open. Is he fucking serious right now!? “One of the men who almost killed me had a knife to you, and you didn’t think to call the police?”
Cas had thought, inspecting the chemical-filled stick while shivering in his itchy sweater as they sat on the back stoop. He knew smoking was unhealthy, but he’d nodded and put the stick to his lips, mimicking the other man’s actions. After a few days and a temporary coughing fit, Castiel found himself addicted to nicotine. It was an interesting concept, addiction. It felt incredibly human, and Cas figured that was a good thing.
Okay, so the job isn’t glamorous, but as cold as Dean Winchester seems, his policies are actually quite sensible, and Cas is proud to work for a mayor who supports the little man. He hopes he can make a good enough impression to earn him a spot higher up in the ranks of the city’s government, but he knows he has a long way to go. Starting with seeing if Mayor Winchester knows his name yet.
“Uh, yeah. But I mean, it’s fine. Really.” He walked toward the other side of the room and sat on his bed, reaching for the pile of books on the floor, sorting them and finding the one’s he needed. Since Dean was facing away from him, Castiel could see that Dean didn’t have a tattoo yet, or at least not on his back. Dean Winchester’s back was tanned and toned, like the back of someone who did a lot of heavy lifting. Castiel tried to ignore the not-so-clean thoughts that threatened to arise in his mind. He opened his mouth to ask Dean if he had a tattoo himself, but banished the idea immediately, looking back down at his books.
“Were you at a party or something?” Cas asked, and Dean could tell by the way he was asking that Cas honestly didn’t mind his drinking, didn’t think of it as an issue at all. Now he felt even worse.
it registered to Castiel that Dean was his roommate. He quickly set his things on his desk by the door and walked over to help Dean with the TV, lifting the other side up and back, and sliding the flat screen into place.
“Only if you want to,” Dean said, moving his hands to rest on both sides of Castiel’s waist. He was careful not to apply pressure to where Cas’s stitched wounds were still healing. “I’m not going to force you if you don’t feel ready.” He didn’t want to push something that seemed to have such an intense effect on Castiel. He wanted to avoid triggering another panic attack at all costs.
"An old friend," Cas interjects, holding out his hand for a shake. "Are you as uh, awesome, as Dean says you are?"
“I can’t lose you, either,” Cas pleads, and he sounds as wrecked as he feels. Dean’s lips find his again, kissing him slow and deep. Cas wonders briefly what this means for them. He wonders how the rest of the night will go, if Dean will pretend this never happened in the morning. He wonders if they should stop, talk about this, but his thoughts are interrupted when Dean squeezes his wrists, still pressed against the wall. He’s certain he’ll have bruises by the time Dean releases him, and he doesn’t mind one bit.
“Of course you don’t,” Castiel rolled his eyes again, “now go make yourself useful and find out where your sister is.”
Apparently, Dean Winchester had no such reservations. “What’s it of?” he asked, still grinning. “Your tattoo, I mean. It must be pretty big.”
Dean only shrugged from where he sat at his desk. “I’m a grunt. I’m good with my hands, with parts and machines, not all of this book stuff. I’m only in the damn class because it’s a transfer requirement.”
“To go out, of course!” she exclaimed. “I’ll be 18 soon, which means I will legally be able to go almost wherever I want. Gabe is gonna let me borrow his car as long as I pay for the gas –.”
Castiel calmed down, because he knew Dean wouldn’t walk away from him if there was any imminent danger. He tried to relax as what he recognized as medical staff pulled at the wires and tubes that surrounded him. And he smiled, because Dean called him
The next two years were a bit of a blur. Castiel graduated a year before Dean, and moved to Baldwin City to attend college. Cas’s entire family moved to Montana after Cas moved out. That’s when Dean decided to move back to Kansas. And he wanted to take Sam with him.
the time for a panic attack. He was confronting his brother soon. They may not have spoken in nine years, but Castiel was certain that Lucifer would still be able to read him like a book, like he always had when they were younger.
"You're..." Dean bursts into laughter, unsure how else to react to the situation. "Dude, you're a girl."
he reminded himself, but when Dean looked back up at him with wet eyes, almost all of Cas’s anger faded away.
"Shut up, Sam," Dean barked, marching up the steps and towards the door. "Just cover me, okay? But I'm telling you, it's just Cas."
“Yeah, I know, but – you know what? I’m gonna go back to bed and try to wrap my head around this. Dean, you’ve got this, right?” Sam doesn’t wait for a reply. He turns around and stalks back toward his room, shaking his head as he does so.
Dean could see Cas shrug in his peripheral vision. “I’ve only called you ‘babe’,” he said, fidgeting with his sling.
“Whenever you’re ready,” Rufus replied, “We’re all set up here. Everything is going to be recorded.” He turned from the monitors on the wall beside them and looked at Cas. “Look, I know this is probably one of the hardest things you’ve ever done, but don’t let him get in your head –.”
“It’s fine, Cas, no worries,” Dean shrugged, and Castiel was about to respond when he felt a sharp pain in his abdomen. His vision blurred and he almost doubled over, but he felt Dean’s hands on his arms, holding him somewhat upright.
He had just spoken to her over the phone. A week, maybe two weeks ago? Granted, it hadn't been a pleasant conversation, but Dean is always relieved to hear that she and Ben are okay.
Cas blinked once, then twice, and suddenly, he sat up straight, letting go of Dean and looking incredibly confused, much like Dean felt.
grinds his hips over Dean’s crotch and leans down to bite at the shell of his ear. It’s been so long since they’ve done anything remotely sexual and Dean’s body is already on fire.
"Alright, c'mere," Dean pulled Cas into a hug, unaware of how Cas would take it, "you could probably use one of these right about now."
“I know you’re sorry,” Cas whispered, cradling his left hand with his right. “But even if you weren’t, that wouldn’t change anything. I can’t kick you out. What kind of best friend would that make me?” He looked up at Dean, but Dean’s eyes fell. He felt something twist in his gut and realized it was shame.
When Dean finally opened the door, Cas looked up from where he was crouching on the floor digging through his bag.
“But don’t let that stop you from trying it. It really does work. Here,” Sam unzipped the front pocket of his bag and pulled out a business card. “That’s my doctor. It’s a private practice, and the doctor’s will literally meet with you anywhere, or just take appointments over the phone. It worked for me because my family moves around so much.”
"Happy birthday, ya old fart," Sam punches Dean in the shoulder before climbing off of him. "I owe you a lot more of those."
“There’s no one I trust more with my heart,” Cas answers. “and I’m sure almost all of your patients agree.”
Their hands are still pressed together, and Dean doesn’t know what comes over him then, but he flips his palm so that their fingers intertwine. Cas looks at their hands, and then at Dean, and Dean smiles. Cas returns it, barely, but it’s there.
“Hey, shh, it’s alright,” Dean assured him, pulling Cas back into his arms. Cas tucked his left arm between their chests while his right slid around Dean’s neck. He buried his face somewhere above Dean’s clavicle, his tears quickly soaking through the thin fabric of Dean’s shirt.
“That’s what you are, right? I mean, for now, technically.” Castiel bit his lip. “We don’t have to do labels if –.”
about to talk about his dysfunctional grieving process in public. Besides, he had no reason to grieve. Cas would wake up soon enough.
There’s another pause as Dean turns on to their street. He might be biting off more than he can chew, but for Cas, he’ll do just about anything. He’s missed Jack, although the kid is exhausting, he’s theirs, and they’re a family. There’s nothing Dean won’t do for family. It’s about time he stepped up. He makes a mental note to see if he can arrange his schedule and come home early a couple days a week. Cas is a wonderful husband, and an incredible father, but he’s a stubborn bastard who won’t ask for help, so Dean’s just gonna have to show up and give it to him.
Castiel’s mouth drops open at that, and okay, Dean is being a bit harsh, but it’ll be worth it. Cas just doesn’t know it yet.
Sam was smiling as well. “I gotta run,” he told Dean, who had managed to snake his hand back into Castiel’s. “I’ve got a study session with Jess.”
Dean couldn’t tell if Alistair was bluffing or not. He’d helped beat up Cas, so Dean figured he’d have no problem stabbing someone. He couldn’t afford to put Cas in any more danger, either.
The shirt Dean had in his hands was on his body by the time Cas turned back around. The buttons were still undone, and Dean’s fingers rubbed at each one.
Dean bit his lip and turned around to pace a few times, shaking his head before stopping in front of Cas once more.
“No, I –.” Castiel sighed. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to be all buddy-buddy with this Dean character. But, what the hell? No harm in having a conversation or two. “He seems like an asshole.”
“Then what, Dean? You could tell me all about my long lost brother and how he hates me so much he’s willing to kill me? You could tell me everything, while this Alistair bastard walks free, and I’ll probably just have another panic attack or a flashback or –.”
Dean half-coughed, half-laughed, and Cas considered that a success. “No, he wouldn’t,” Dean replied. “God, I’m such a mess.”
and all at once, it floored him.He almost couldn’t wrap his head around it, but then Cas was blushing like a schoolgirl, and Dean remembered that he would get to keep Cas. This wasn’t some temporary thing. This was permanent. “You’re beautiful, and you’re mine.”
“I’ve seen the way you look at me, Castiel,” he starts, pushing himself up from the desk and slowly walking circles around Cas. “I’ve caught you staring. Seen the way your cheeks turn pink whenever our hands brush. Heard rumors that you’ve wanted me for since you first started working for me
When Sam knocks their shoulders together and gives him a look, Dean realizes that he’d been smiling.
“You’ve got it wrong, dude, Cas here is just my roommate! He wanted Italian, so I said, why not? In fact, I’m only friends with you because you can get me a discount,” Dean joked.
“You’re right,” Dean chimed, sorting through the clothes in his closet. He picked out a pair of faded jeans he didn’t remember he had, and a long sleeved grey shirt. He changed quickly, pulled on his chucks, and then went over to Cas’s side of the room to help him into khaki’s (big surprise there) and a blue sweater.
"I left to keep them safe! And now... God it's like... I left her for nothing. I left Ben for-." Dean stops pacing, because
Dean was okay for the first 5 hours of the drive back to Sioux Falls. He and Cas didn’t say much to each other along the way, but there was no need. They sat in comfortable silence while Dean messed with the radio every so often, and Castiel dozed off or busied himself by playing with his phone. They only stopped once to eat, and a couple more times to relieve themselves.
"Yeah, hello?" Dean’s voice came though, rough and heavy, and Castiel realized that it was almost four in the morning.
He’d reacted the same way after John died. At the funeral, Dean hadn’t gone home with his uncle. Castiel had driven his own car to the graveyard and told Mr. Singer that he wouldn’t mind taking Dean back home when he finally was ready to leave. Sam had protested a bit, but Bobby explained that Dean needed a little more time, and they were on their way. By the time Cas got back to Dean, he was kicking in a tree. The flowers that had been placed on John’s new gravestone were torn to shreds, lying in the grass. Frowning, Cas had called to Dean, but Dean wasn’t listening and began to punch the tree trunk with his bare knuckles. That’s when Castiel intervened.
“Hey, mom,” he said quietly, leaning her photo against the lamp on his desk. He put the picture of Sam next to it, and smiled. They were young in the picture – Sam hadn’t grown the size of a tree yet, so Dean was still taller than him. He wondered how he was doing on his first day of college.
while they wait for an uber to drive them back to home, still hearing the sound of pictures being taken behind them. When their uber arrives, they stagger in, still very tipsy from all their drinks, but mostly functional.
“We’ll go after the exam on Thursday,” Dean suggested over dinner that evening. They were in the dining hall, per Castiel’s request. Dean didn’t mind at all, food was food and he was starved.
Dean’s voice rang in Cas’s ears and he found himself smiling. He had taken to speaking like him, and Sam, and even Kevin, around other humans. Soon, Cas developed his own clever attitude and unique pattern of speech, and his “rusty” people skills were no more. Eight months of observing a species from
“Did you notice how he didn’t even react when you mentioned Lucifer? I’m not sure it was a good idea to do that, either. Aren’t there rules against –?”
“Don’t what?” Dean asks softly, and Cas looks up at him again. This time, the tears in his eyes are undeniable.
“I cut too deep,” Dean confesses, “I was shaking and I cut to fuckin’ deep, I nicked something, he started bleeding, his vitals dropped, Dr. Al is freakin’
Dean could hear Cas shuffling things around before he heard a door closed on the other end of the phone. “And why are you late, exactly?” An elevator dinged.
The first thing Castiel heard was Dean’s voice. It was low, and muffled, but Cas knew without a doubt that it was Dean.
“Hey,” Dean cut it, sitting up straighter, “you don’t have to tell me now, okay? It’s been a long night. Just… just come back to bed, angel.”
“It’s alright, Dean,” she replied, laughing. She reached down to take the snacks from his hands, “no big deal. You just startled me, is all. I should really use a basket.”
he knows exactly who did this, and he wants to bang his head against a wall and melt in the warmth that’s spreading through his chest, simultaneously.
“That’s totally fine,” Charlie nodded, “times just about up anyway. I’ve penned you in for next week, same time. Sound good?”
When Cas’s breathing evened out again, Dean relaxed into the mattress, enjoying the weight of Cas’s body against his. He buried his face in Castiel’s dark hair, inhaling the scent – lavender mint, or something. He sighed, and tried not to think about their appointment later. Dean could feel a change coming; a big, ugly change, and he wasn’t sure if he was ready for things to shift just yet. He held on a bit tighter to Cas and took a deep breath.
“You’re such an idiot,” Dean muttered aloud, the sound of his voice bouncing off the tile floor and echoing in his ears. “The guy offers you a place to stay and you trash it. Real nice.”
Cas pulled back the opaque shower door slightly, peering at Dean, who was currently getting undressed. “Don’t laugh at me,” he said sheepishly, “I thought I could do something as basic as clean myself, but apparently, I’m too injured for that.”
There was a crash as the knickknacks and picture frames on the mantle of Castiel’s fake fireplace were shoved off to the floor in a pile. He only winced slightly, though, because he saw this coming. Part of being Dean Winchester’s best friend meant dealing with his occasional outbursts of rage. Dean had anger issues, but because he grew up the way he did – dead mother, drunken father – Castiel couldn’t blame him.
that!” Cas insists, “Dean, that demon was coming right at you with a knife. He caught us both by surprise, and I knew your gun was on the floor somewhere, I didn’t know if you had another weapon on you, so --.”
“Sorry, I forgot you can’t, like, sense me anymore. Um, did you lose a fight with some baked goods?”
They reach the door and Dean pulls out the key, placing it into the lock and turning. He hears the familiar click and pushes the heavy door open slowly, not wanting to startle Sam or Kevin should they be asleep. At least, he hopes they’re asleep.
"Oh, you’d be surprised," Dean mutters into the mug in his hand. He takes another sip and grimaces. The coffee is lukewarm and tasteless, but it’ll have to do. "I would be fine if he was just in a bad mood for a few days, but he has been cranky all week! And
“Brothers kill each other all the time. At least, that’s what I hear. The news these days, it’s always so tragic – like Cain and Abel all over the place.”
“I need you,” Dean hears himself say, finally, and before the prickling behind his eyes can spill over, he continues, “I can take care of myself, Cas, I’m a grown man, and so is Sam. We can keep Kevin safe, too. You don’t need to feel responsible if anything happens to us, okay? We make our own decisions.”
“You sure that’ll work?” Cas eyes her doubtfully, “I mean, we’re almost 30 now, does your dad still fall for that act?”
“Or never,” Cas responded. At this, Anna stomped off, mumbling obscenities and hands balled into fists. Then Cas looked back at Dean. “Really? My
and you were late, and he asked where you were! Which means he notices you, Castiel. He knows when you’re not there. He
After a session of thorough questioning at Kevin's request, (Dean thought it was ridiculous, but Cas assured him that he didn't mind), and a lot of hugging, Sam and Kevin headed to their rooms for the night, leaving Dean in charge of finding Cas a room.
That statement earned the professor another groan. Castiel swore he was grinning at the sound. He must have been making a face again because Dean’s voice startled him.
“I’ll be right here,” Dean said as he was lead away from Castiel’s bedside, “I’m gonna tell the others you’re awake, okay? I’m not going anywhere, angel, I promise!”
with a customer who had been complaining about gas prices. He had meant to agree with her, but she was not amused.
Dean was silent. He looked at Castiel with something akin to understanding, and Castiel couldn’t bear to stare back, so he looked at his feet. Was that it? Was he simply afraid?
Dean’s face crumpled into something that resembled offence, and he swore he saw Cas’s lip quirk up in satisfaction. Dean couldn’t help but let out a short laugh.
They stayed that way for a long time, and Castiel had actually started to doze off, tired and still confused about what happened.
“Cas, please,” Dean knew he sounded like he was begging, but for once, he truly didn’t care, “let me help you.”
Dean knows he’s walking on thin ice having all of these relationships with people in the city, but it’s not his fault that he meets compatible people wherever he goes. He should be more responsible, since he is the mayor, after all, but he’s a selfish man. It’s not his fault he’s touch-starved and desperate for affection. His therapist tells him it’s because of the way he grew up, the way his father raised him, the fact that his mother died before he even started school, and Dean’s sticking to that story. He deserves this. The universe owes him.
They arrived at Bobby’s place half an hour later, and Dean parked the Impala in front of the house. He turned the key, pulled it out of the ignition, and then sat back against the leather seat. He inhaled, exhaled, closed his eyes, and opened them again. He knew Cas was staring at him now, probably wondering why they were still in the car. But then, Cas surprised him.
"We could have walked, ya know," Dean grunts, slightly annoyed. He takes a step back, still uncomfortable with the proximity.
Meg wasn’t lying when she told him he’d need to be drunk for this grand plan of hers. He can’t believe he let her talk him into it at all. He blames it on the alcohol.
“I am still hunted,” Cas says, “and if April found me, than these sigils in my skin must not work too well.” He hangs his head and sighs, looking ashamed. “I should have known –.”
, Dean thought, rubbing a hand down his face. The guilt that washed over him earlier began pulling at him once more. He walked into the kitchen.
“Why not?!” Castiel was seething. He was the one in the coma for almost two weeks, and yet no one would give him any answers. “I have a right to know!”
Sam looked up at him with those damned puppy-dog eyes and Dean almost reached over to hug him right there.
He passes the kitchen and makes his way upstairs, hearing the faint sounds of classic rock lullabies that they play for Jack every night coming from the nursery. Dean reaches his son’s door and pushes it open slowly, if only to catch a glimpse of Jack before finding his husband. The boy is fast asleep in his crib, thin blond hair falling into his face, sucking happily on one of his many pacifiers. In his hand is a stuffed animal from his Uncle Sam, a moose he bought him as a homecoming present. Jack has been in love with that thing since he laid eyes on it. It’s adorable, really. The nightlight in the room illuminates the ceiling, creating a star pattern above Jack’s crib. It’s such a calming image, and as Dean closes the door again, he’s filled with a strange sense of peace, and an overwhelming desire to find Cas.
Dean's face is unreadable at first. Then he looks at Cas like he's hurt, but it quickly turns into annoyance. He glances at the table, then down at his shoes.
A shirtless, sweaty Dean Winchester was standing in the room, struggling to get a flat screen television on top of his dresser. After getting over the initial shock of seeing his lab partner in his bedroom,
Benny laughed. “I’m just wondering how Dean here managed to pick someone up after only one day here!”
"I've got a bad feeling about this," Kevin whispered. Dean rolled his eyes and ignored the nagging feeling that this really
Cas giggles, a short, quiet thing. It’s cute, and when Dean looks over, she’s got her hands lifted in front of her face, inspecting them.
“Cas, nothing’s wrong with you, okay?” Dean said quietly, “This is a lot to deal with. I shouldn’t have told you –.”
had forgotten to tell Sam and Kevin about Cas's arrival. The two practically flew out of their seats, Sam with his gun already in hand.
but he found himself moving his good hand to the back of Dean’s neck and pulling him down for a well-awaited kiss, and all his questions were temporarily forgotten.
“You…never told me the whole story.” With everything going on, Castiel had forgotten all about Al, or whatever his name was, and the pharmacy incident that Dean had promised to explain in detail.
"Uh, I’m gonna, um - ." Dean’s words fumble because he has a million and one thoughts flying through his mind, most of them questioning his sanity. After a few seconds, Dean settles on, "I’ve gotta go," trips on his way back into the house, and closes the door with a little too much force once he’s inside.
Ignoring the sirens going off in his head, Dean pulled Cas's face back towards his own with two fingers under the former angel's chin, "I missed you, too, Cas," Dean admitted, huffing a laugh, "so much. God,
"I’m saying," Cas stands, "Ever since we got married, you’ve been in control. And sometimes, I like that - love it, even - but what about me, Dean? What about what
Dean’s eating a grilled cheese watching Scooby Doo on his laptop, feet propped up on the table, much to Sam’s disgust. Jack is watching with him, laughing when he
It did not take long for him to realize that some words were not socially acceptable in certain places. At playgrounds, for one. The workplace, too. The one time he was fired, Cas had used the phrase
Cas’s fork paused halfway to his mouth. “Dammit,” he muttered, “I totally forgot about that damn test. God, how am I supposed to catch up, study,
“Yes, but it’s…different, different from any bond I’ve ever had with a human. Now that I, too, am mortal, I thought it would disappear, but when I saw you again, I knew.”
“What I feel for you,” Cas repeats, like it’s no big deal, like it doesn’t make Dean want to bolt right then, like it doesn’t make Dean’s heart skip a beat. “I have feelings for you, Dean. Our bond is…”
, but Cas is quick, swipes the blade away from him and drops his body, then throws himself forward, and they both end up sprawled on the floor, Dean with the wind knocked out of him, and Cas’s blade against Dean neck.
“Will we?” Cas asks quietly, but Dean can hear the doubt in his voice loud and clear. He knows where this is going. “Did we make the right choice, Dean? Can we really do this? Doesn’t Jack deserve better?”
Dean was silent for a moment, still pacing, eyes refusing to leave the floor. He couldn’t look at Cas’s bruised face, scars and abrasions still visible, he couldn’t look into those incredibly blue eyes, not now, not while he hid his own heart from them.
a woman now, after all, and Dean’s history with women isn’t the most pleasant. Attitude is something he’s used to.
He flinched suddenly when he felt a hand grab his own, but relaxed when he realized it was only Cas, trying to comfort him,
At first, Cas didn’t think he made himself clear enough, because Dean only stared back at him blankly, but then his face changed, and it all seemed to click.
He picked up smoking over the winter. Zayn, the quiet young man who had worked Cas’s shift at the convenience store, offered him his first cigarette during their break one day.
“Uh, I said – uh,” Castiel stuttered, looking over at Dean, whose eyebrows were raised high, as if spurring him on. “I said, this…this is ridiculous,” Castiel said, more affirmatively, “it’s unfair, and frankly, a bit insulting.” He couldn’t believe the words coming out of his mouth, but he couldn’t get himself to stop. He could see Dean beaming at him in his peripheral vision.
He lost his ability to think when Dean pressed his back against the tile wall. His body hummed for more, but even if he hadn’t already decided to wait, he was in no shape for extraneous sexual activity. This, though, this he could do; slow, wet kisses and eager hands and quiet moans didn’t hurt a bit.
when they called time of death at 12:01AM on Monday, May 2nd. His phone had gone off, reminding him that it was his brother's birthday, and Dean laughed. That, of course, got him sent upstairs for a psych eval.
"Yes," Cas says, matter of factly, as he moves to stand next to the Christmas tree. "But only because it has to do with your Christmas gift." Cas rubs his hands together nervously. "Rather, it
Then Castiel made a decision. He was going to say it. He was going to tell Dean he loved him. Because it was true, he was sure of it.
“Hey, you don’t have to tell me, I just wanted to see if you actually would,” he said, taking dark blue bed sheets out of a box and placing them on his pillow. “Some folks are kinky like that.” He looked back at Castiel, who was still watching him.
“Dean, what – mrrph!” Cas made a strangled noise as Dean pressed their lips together, shocked at his own briskness. He pulled away for a second to look Cas in the eyes, reading his emotions like an open book –
“Hey, shh, none of that. It’s okay,” Dean assures him, pulling his chin back up with a curved finger. “I want to hear you. Do you know how long I’ve wanted to put my mouth on you?”
“Dean?” Sam questioned through the phone, concerned, “Is something wrong? I’m in the middle of cla-.”
“Nah, man. He left before I could say anything. It’s all good, Cas, I promise. Breathe.” Dean laughed again, and Castiel reveled in the warmth of the sound. He smiled, and Dean smiled back.
“Yeah?” Dean answered, wide awake. He stood up and looked at Castiel with those dazzling emerald eyes if his, glazed over from crying. When Castiel didn’t look away, Dean huffed out a laugh.
“Well I don’t smell like a dumpster anymore, so I guess that’s a good thing,” Dean replied. He trailed his bare feet along the kitchen floor and leaned over to open the fridge, pulling out a bottle of water. He looked up before closing the door. “Want anything?”
“You’re an idiot sometimes, you know that?” Sam sighs. “Oh, and I found the hostages in the basement. They were a little beat up, but alive. I’ll get them out.”
Cas blinks at her. Could she be drunkenly telling the truth? She never calls him by his real name unless she’s serious. This entire thing sounds ridiculous, but he has just enough alcohol in him to hope.
“Anyway, just tell him I went out to run a few errands and he can call if he really needs something. Thanks again, Dean!”
It takes almost five minutes, but eventually, Dean gets himself to move. He marches toward the living room with unnecessary urgency, but he can’t risk Cas leaving for something as stupid as a kiss. Not that the kiss was stupid. If Dean wasn’t such a coward, he’d admit that he had actually wondered what it would be like to kiss Cas, quite a few times, in fact.
“Yes, sorry, I’m uh… here’s your coffee,” Castiel stutters, pushing the coffee into his boss’s hands. He turns and walks toward Mr. Ketch, who’s still leaning against the desk. “And your water, sir.”
at all of it, and faster, so he usually can’t help but take over whatever baby-related task Dean is attempting.
"Me neither," Cas chuckled, and Dean could see a smile forming on his bruised face. "Can I...come in?"
“Just because I’m crying doesn’t mean I’m having a panic attack, Dean!” Castiel exclaimed, pulling away from him. “God, I just – my brother tried to kill me, and he doesn’t even care! I am angry, I am confused – how the hell did he figure out that Zachariah – and the way he sat there, that son of a bitch, like he was doing me a favor, like…!“
“Please,” Dean begged, and Castiel felt his heart sink, “please, open your eyes. Okay? For me? Just for a minute, alright? And I’ll never ask anything from you ever again, I promise, please, I lo-…” He paused again, but
want?” Dean turns off the stove, scrapes all of the pancakes onto a plate and shoves them aside before turning to face Cas from across the island. “Cas, for the past week, it’s been whatever
about him that intrigues Dean. He’d be willing to get to know the man, take him out, encourage him to unwind a bit, but the opportunity never presented himself, and the last thing Dean wants to do is scare him away. Castiel is actually excellent at his job. Dean’s never known someone so organized, and he’s not sure what he’d do if he ever quit.
“Thank you,” he says, voice hushed, into Cas’s mess of dark hair, and kisses his temple. “Thank you for staying.”
Neither of them noticed when Dean’s grip on Castiel’s wrist slowly moved to his palm, Castiel’s fingers closing over Dean’s.
"I need a minute," Dean huffs, turning to walk toward the scrapyard. He kicks the gravel as he walks, hands balled to fists in his short hair. There’s no way he can handle this, but if Dean is honest with himself (a rare occurrence), he really does care about the kid. He might even love him, but love is a dangerous luxury in his life.
They eventually get up from the couch and attempt to make dinner with the food that Cas bought. It takes twice as long and they almost burn their meals because they can’t seem to detach from each other, kissing and touching at every possible moment. Dean gets a vase from the top shelf and Cas puts the flowers in water at the center of the table. They sit next to each other while they eat, Cas holding Dean’s left hand, rubbing the ring with his thumb.
This was Cas. Ex-angel of the Lord, socially inept, loyal to a fault, “raised you from perdition” Castiel. Except now she’s a chick, and Dean can’t function. She’s the same celestial wavelength or whatever that she’s always been, right?
Benny shook his head, chuckling. “Yeah, yeah, whatever.” Then he turned to Cas, “If he gets grabby, just let me know. I have no qualms with kicking his sorry ass out of here.”
His thoughts are interrupted when he hears someone repeating his name, and he shakes his head, blinks toward the voice.
“How’s the pain, blue eyes?” Dean asked, earning a smile, and a short kiss, from Cas. “Only one?” he whined.
“No I wasn’t at a party,” Dean spat, suddenly disgusted with himself, “I was at Benny’s, getting shitfaced…because of you.”
“Yeah,” Castiel replied, wrapping his arm around Dean’s neck before dipping his head to kiss him again, longer this time. He could feel Dean smiling on his lips right before he stood up, lifting Castiel right along with him.
I would apologize, but I think this chapter will make you all feel a bit better. It's a long one! :3
“I am! Just an observation,” he let go of Gabriel’s hand. “I also happen to know about your infamous legacy here.”
The next week, Dean thinks maybe Cas’s odd behavior around him will stop, and things will go back to normal.
Cas, who had been tapping the screen of his phone, looked back at Dean. “As I’ll ever be,” he sighed, but smiled.
“Cas, come on.” Castiel heard Dean start to move toward him and stood up to walk around the room. “Cas?”
To Bobby S.: Hey uncle bobby, I just remembered that Sammy’s gonna need a proper funeral and all that. Was wondering if u had anything in mind yet?
Before Castiel could say a word, Dean replied, “Actually, yeah, we do.” He stood from his chair and stuffed his notebook back into his bag.
"That bastard," Cas mutters, but he knows he doesn't mean it. He'd expect nothing less from Dean Winchester.
Dean led Castiel out of the bathroom and towards Dean’s bed, since it was closest. Castiel sat down, and Dean leaned him onto his side, fluffing a pillow before sliding it underneath his head. Castiel watched Dean get up and rummage though his drawers before he pulled out a white t-shirt and a black pair of basketball shorts.
Dean opens his mouth to say something, but a cold gust of wind changes his mind. “Let’s get inside, yeah?”
“Yeah, sure, maybe in a world where there’s even a chance in hell that he wants me at all. What about Captain Crowley? He’ll kill me!”
Cas laughed at that, which made Dean smile. He hadn’t realized how much he missed the sound of Cas’s laugh, or his scent, or his sex hair,
“It’s…” Cas starts, before sighing and wrapping her arms around herself. “It’s comforting. Inconvenient in many ways, but comforting.”
"Take him with you to whichever motel you and Sam book for the duration of the hunt, and when you need to do things that you believe are too dangerous for the boy, call for me."
Both men on the floor turn their heads to look at Sam, and Sam looks back at them, then stops in his tracks.
To Bobby S.: Haven’t gone to see Baby yet, but I’m sure she’s fine. I’ll b home Friday night. Thnx uncle bobby.
For a minute, Dean just sits there, at the table, and doesn't say a thing. He repeats the words in his mind -
“Yes, I did,” Dean says, standing from his chair and walking around the desk to lean against the front of it, arms and ankles crossed. “I hear you’re dating the Police Captain’s daughter?”
Dean chuckled. He knew why Cas was acting like this. Looking at his watch, he figured he was about ten minutes late. Castiel was a stickler for time management. “Okay, okay, I’m sorry I’m late, alright? I’m downstairs now, though!”
“Castiel,” she began, “there’s no way of knowing why or how someone does something so horrible. We have to ask them directly, and sometimes, they don’t even really know.”
"Oh ok. So better." he shrugged, flicking off the light and heading back over to the side of the bed, where Cas had pulled a chair to sit. Dean preferred to just sit on the far end of the bed.
”Isn't she studying with her friends? Is she alright?" Dean instantly began to worry about every possible scenario that could have gone wrong. What if they had decided to take a quick drive to get ice cream or something and her friend lost control of the car?!
It wasn't long before Dean was pulling into the Novak driveway and once again scooping Claire into his arms to carry her inside. He carried the girl all the way up the stairs and into he and Cas's room, gently laying her down on the large King mattress.
"Yeah, sweetheart. It's me, are you alright? What's going on?" Castiel questioned, trying to keep himself from full on panicking.
Castiel squinted as he saw three figures exiting the vehicle. "Unless you consider a woman in her early forties cute, no I don't think so. Sorry, Bud."
"I'm up." Castiel heaved himself up from his bed quickly, making his head swim. Dean noticed and immediately rushed over, helping to steady the boy.
Cas looked over at Dean confused. "Is it possible she sustained a head injury while you and Sam were gone?" he asked. Dean shook his head.
Dean almost smiled, Cas would make an excellent father. Sure, he was already a kind of makeshift father to Claire but Dean knew he had the potential to actually raise a child. Not that he ever thought he would have the chance, what with their lives being... Their lives.
Claire was sitting on her friends couch with her knees pulled up to her chest. Her breathing heavy and fast, as if she were trying to force herself to breathe.
"I'll be right back." Dean said, quickly making his way to the medicine cabinet to find a thermometer. It wasn't that hard to find as almost everything in the Shurley residence was meticulously organized. From what Dean had heard, that was mainly all Cas.
"Please, you really thought I was going to let you miss mediocre singers covering Led Zeppelin songs?" Castiel scoffed, as if the mere idea were repulsing.
It was almost 5:30 pm when Castiel saw the truck pull into the house across the street. His heart stopped in his chest. Someone was moving into the neighborhood. Now, this may not seem like a big deal, but to a small neighborhood such as Woodlawn, new neighbors were a very rare occurrence. It had always just been the Novak's, The Bradbury's, the Romans, and the Trans.
Castiel tapped his finger impatiently against the steering wheel as he sped toward the address he had in his phone for Kaia's house.
"Anyways. Tomato rice soup," Dean opened his bag containing the ingredients. "A connoisseur if you ask me."
There was one more house in Woodlawn, a nice, two story, family house. With a two car garage, double footed entrance, and even a pool in the backyard. But for whatever reason, no one had lived there for as long as Castiel could remember.
“No really. I’ve had a long day. Dying, passing the test to heaven, reuniting with the love of my life. I think I deserve a nap.” Cas was wheezing at this point. Complete bliss filled both men’s hearts. They were finally content...almost.
"Hey, don't hurt yourself." Dean reprimanded, gently taking Castiel's hand in his, forcing the boy to drop the spoon into his bowl.
"Now I'll just throw it on the stove for a little bit, and- Cas?" Dean peered over his shoulder to see his boyfriend, fast asleep with his head resting against his arms. The blonde couldn't help the small smile that appeared on his lips.
"I say we just let Sammy do his thing. He's more experienced with this stuff." Dean defended his brother, as Castiel grumbled.
"What? Who is it?" Dean asked, concern etched onto his features. Castiel held up the phone to reveal Claire's face projected across the screen.
"Claire, you're alright. It's ok. Please just, tell us what happened, what's going on?" Cas begged, moving to brush a piece of hair from her face.
Life with Cas was unpredictable, and hilarious, and most definitely more than he had bargained for when he asked him on that very first date.
"Thank you. I love you guys." Claire admit, squeezing the three men as tight as she could before letting go and heading back to her car.
“I love you too, angel." Dean smiled, pressing a soft kiss to the top of his boyfriends messy brunette hair.
Dean parked the impala a good distance away from the actual bunker, a precaution in case anybody recognized their car. Which, apparently, many hunters did. And if words got around with hunters, it also got out with monsters, Demons, angels, and anything else that might want to attack them.
The boys waved goodbye to their collective (Practically) daughter as she drove off back toward Sioux Falls, leaving nothing but a trail of dust behind her.
"Thank you Dean. So much." He whispered, holding back his tears. He needed to stay strong right now. For Claire, for Dean, and even for himself.
“How could I ever forget my beautiful boyfriend, who clearly loves me so very much." he cooed, cupping Castiel's cheek and giving him a short kiss.
Claire turned over and snuggled into her fathers comforting embrace. They hadn't done this in years. Back when Amelia was still alive. Though she had never been invited, it was reserved as their daddy-daughter cuddle time.
Together, they were a respectable group. All of Lebanon would kill to marry into this family. Alas, none of the sons were looking for relationships. And everyone knew Chuck was devastated after the loss of his wife after Castiel's birth. Now, he loved his sons with everything he had. He'd be damned if anyone tried to take advantage of them.
It was a set in stone routine every day. At first it was fun, having this structure. Some sense of stability in his life. But quickly it turned to boredom, and loneliness. It was like he was running through the motions, but nothing was really clicking. It was just.... Happening.
But now he woke up every morning to a nice cooked breakfast, a kiss on the cheek as he left for work, a hell of a practically step daughter.
They sat there on the couch, Dean’s arm wrapped around Castiel’s shoulders, for a long time. Just taking in each other's presence. Something they had missed for far too long. But something was still missing. Another's presence. Dean’s heaven still wasn't complete. Not without his baby brother. No matter how happy he was here with Cas, he couldn’t be truly content without Sam there with them.
Sam arrived not long after, and immediately kicked Cas and Dean out. When Castiel tried ti argue, Sam promised they would be allowed back in once Claire was able to move her head without feeling like she was going to fall out of the bed.
He raced down right behind Cas to get the girls side. When he got to her, Castiel was slowly lifting her head up to face them.
It was as if Castiel had seen Dean suffering. Heard some sort of prayer, and came to rescue him from his hell of a life.
"Cas, let's talk outside. Claire, we'll be back in a second. Hang in there, kiddo." He sighed, practically dragging his boyfriend out into the hallway.
But ultimately, his need to comfort her outweighed his fears. He just had to be there for her, no matter how scared he was. She was probably twice as terrified.
And that's how Dean found them an hour later. With Claire's head tucked under her fathers chin and her arms wrapped around his torso. His head resting gently on top of hers, and his arms gently draped over her shoulders. The sight brought a watery smile to Deans face.
Dean didn't see the pothole up ahead until it was too late. The car bounced dangerously, and Claire took an unusually deep breath, holding a hand to her mouth.
Claire stared down at the book later nearly in front of her. Research was a real pain in her ass sometimes. She would rather be out there actually doing something about the problem, than sitting here in the bunker staring at news reports from over thirty years ago.
After depositing his step daughter in the backseat, Dean moved to get in front of the wheel so that Cas could sit beside his little girl.
He saw Bobby's smile fade slightly. “I’m sorry Dean. I wish I could tell you. After he and Jack broke down the walls up here they just… left. Didn’t tell nobody where they were going.” The older man sighed. This didn’t damper Dean’s spirit at all.
She hadn't expected and actual response. Much less Dean smiling and saying, "Love you too, Kid." but she savored it anyway.
"No." Castiel said immediately. Ever since he confessed he had a small crush on some random guy he saw at the grocery store, Charlie had been at his throat trying to get him a boyfriend.
Cas crawled back under his blankets as he watched Dean go. However, Dean stopped at the doorway staring at Cas for a moment.
"It doesn't matter. I can't hold anything down." Cas shrugged, not wanting to move from his comfortable position against Deans chest.
Walking back over to the counter, Dean picked up the piping hot bowl and set it in front of Cas with a spoon.
It had taken a while to convince himself that he was ready to see her again. It hurt to see his baby girl in so much pain. See how much she was hurting as well.
he remembered. He wanted to talk about him, about his connection to the The Garrison, about what he’d said.
the secretary?” Meg rolls her eyes. “Please, Clarence, you literally run his life Monday to Friday, 8 to 5. He’d be lost without you, everyone knows that. Besides, I thought you took this job to get your foot in the door in small town politics?”
“Shut up, I’ll text you later.” Sam said, sticking his tongue out at him. It amused Castiel to see Sam and Dean interact so playfully. He wished he and his brothers were more like that.
damn. He wondered if Cas’s hair always made him look like he had just been thoroughly and wonderfully fucked.
Unsure of what to say, Castiel lay back against his bed and stared up at the ceiling. Only Lucifer referred to him that way, as if he couldn’t be bothered to refer to him by his actual name.
Dean wasn’t sure when he’d dropped the bag he was carrying, because his reflexes took over and he found himself pulling the man from the front of the pharmacy and hauling him by the collar of his sweater back around the corner. The student yelped in surprise when Dean shoved him against the wall, wedging his forearm underneath the man’s chin and pressing hard.
“The pain was excruciating,” Cas recounts, fiddling with the coffee maker’s settings. Dean notes the thin fingers and the chipped, French manicured nails. “But instead of landing in Jimmy’s body, I woke up in the middle of a forest with this female vessel instead.” She gestures toward herself with a hand and sighs. “I am okay but I…I feel…different.”
The sounds of Bon Jovi’s ‘Dead or Alive’ came through the busted speakers of the Impala. At first, Cas simply bobbed his head to the rhythm, but then he felt the car jolt suddenly.
Cas flinched, but Dean’s pretty sure he was the only one who caught it. “I’ll do my best,” he answered, way too calmly. He then turned toward the door to enter the room that held Lucifer, but Dean’s hand shot out on its own accord and he caught Cas by the arm.
“You can’t help me!” Cas snapped, making Dean pull his hand away. “I’m fucked up, okay? In ways you were never supposed to know about, and now, I –.” Cas took a short breath and brought his right hand up to cover his mouth. He turned away from Dean and shook his head.
Dean stripped down to his boxers and contemplated losing those, too, but he realized that it would be too much of a turn on, and Cas wanted to wait.
Cas only nods against Dean shoulder and holds him tighter. After another minute, Dean moves them to the couch to sit down, settling Cas comfortably between his legs as he leans against the arm of the chair.
Cas paused, and then spun around to face Dean again. Dean hadn’t much moved, but now, on top of his concern for Castiel, he felt guilt. Misplaced, his mind told him, but he ignored it. Cas must have somehow gotten the memo, because he began apologizing repeatedly.
“I want to,” Dean says. “You’re exhausted, babe. Let yourself sleep in. In fact, where’s your phone?”
In her defense, the whole city think’s Meg is some sort of angel. She puts on an impressive show. It’s great for Police Captain Crowley, of course. Crowley himself can be a bit of a douchebag, but his well-mannered daughter helps him win people’s approval. Cas and some of their other friends from college may be the only ones who know the
He let out an audible groan before collapsing face first onto his bed. Before long, Castiel was fast asleep.
“Yes!” Cas responds, throwing his hands up, “But, clearly, there are some trust issues we need to work out first?”
“What was that, Mr. Novak?” Professor Crowley asked, and Castiel’s head shot up. He had never been called out in class before.
“Relax, it’s nothing bad,” Castiel assured, resting a hand on Dean’s knee, and Dean deflated slightly.
Apparently, that was all it took for Dean to break down. He almost threw himself over Castiel, wrapping one arm over his abdomen and the other clutching at his side. Dean’s face was tucked into Castiel’s neck, and his eyelashes tickled Castiel’s jaw, but he didn’t mind. He wrapped his good arm around Dean’s form and placed his hand on his back, trying to comfort him. He was sobbing, and Castiel heard him repeating his name,
Just then, Dean heard the sound of something clattering to the floor of the shower. “Cas?” he asked loudly, on his feet and at the bathroom door in two seconds flat. “Cas, you okay?”
“Sometimes, a patient’s partner starts off coming with them to therapy, but if the couple breaks up, they eventually stop coming. That’s never good for the patient, so I’m just trying to get a gist of what I’m working with here.”
“You…you don’t feel that way,” Cas concluded gently, and Dean looked up then, at that bruised face, at those beautiful eyes, and the way Cas was regarding him, with a combination of sadness and understanding that Dean didn’t know was possible, and
A high-pitched squeal sounded then, and both Cas and Dean spun their heads back to Dr. Bradbury. Both of her hands were clutching the left side of her chest.
When they reach the Impala, Dean opens the door for Cas, and she just slides in, albeit clumsily, pulling at her skirt and adjusting the belt that has loosened around her coat.
“Not fair,” he grunts from the padded floor of the gym, rolling over to push himself up, “You have angel powers.”
to Dean, falling into his arms with a loud sob and it hurts, because Dean knows exactly how Ben feels and it’s as if he’s reliving Mary’s death all over again. He glances up at Sam, who shakes his head sadly.
“I don’t know what got into me,” Castiel said, suddenly feeling extremely nervous. “Do you think it’s because I’m scared of seeing my brother? Maybe I was deflecting my anger –.”
He remembered Gabriel had asked, once, why Castiel had changed – why he was actually doing what Uncle Zach told him to do, why he was following orders instead of just doing what he thought was right. He’d scolded him then, told him that he shouldn’t be asking so many questions. At 11, Gabe wasn’t very resilient, so he didn’t demand answers. Castiel was glad for it. But Dean wasn’t Gabriel; Dean was his soul mate.
“No, Dean, we aren’t going there,” Castiel stated firmly, finding one of Dean’s hands with his own and squeezing. “Even if you’d picked up, Lucifer would have hurt me anyway, and I still would have ended up in a coma. You just would have known sooner –.”
Dean was barely keeping it together, and he wasn’t even the one who had laid himself out to be hurt. He tried to justify his selfishness by thinking of legitimate reasons why he couldn’t say the words, but he couldn’t think of anything besides his own fear. Fear that he would hurt Cas.
“And you!” Cas actually yelled this time, and it almost hurt. “I’ve been worried about you, Dean. Your sanity, your health, your pain – you. In case
Cas puts his phone in his pocket and opens up the mayor’s calendar on his laptop, so he knows what’s on the schedule for the week. He writes everything down in a physical planner because he can’t always carry his laptop with him, and never wants to forget about anything that’s on the schedule. He heard the last secretary made a mistake like that and was fired on the spot. Cas would like to avoid that if at all possible.
Warning: INTENSE FLUFF FOLLOWED BY INTENSE ANGST. This was my favorite chapter to write. PREPARE YOUR EMOTIONS! <3
The doors to the office are only cracked open when he gets there. With his hands full, Cas can’t exactly knock, but he figures the two men are expecting him, so he bumps the door with his hip and steps in. He means to announce himself, assuming Mr. Ketch and Mayor Winchester may be in the midst of an important financial discussion, but what Castiel witnesses almost makes him drop both drinks.
Dean bit his lip before sliding his phone back into his pocket. He wanted to call, he did, but if he talked to Bobby over the phone, he would
“He asked for you, okay?” Dean admitted, saying the words quickly, as if Castiel wouldn’t hear them anyway. “They said…he won’t talk to anyone but you.”
So, apparently, the last chapter was a little painful? (I'M SORRY, I HAVE A THING ABOUT ANGST. I REALLY LIKE IT OK.) Here's the next part (sorry it's a little short), but I must warn you, it isn't much happier. <333333333333333
"What…happened to the living room?" Sam’s already slipping past him before Dean has a chance to say a word. He turns and follows Sam back down the hall and into the living room.
Cas smiles, looks adoringly at the man next to him. Sure, it wasn’t the proposal he’d been planning for weeks, but Dean said yes, and he couldn’t be happier. Despite what Dean might think of himself, Cas loves him more than anyone in the world, and he can’t wait show him that love every single day. He can’t wait to be a Winchester.
Both brothers turned their heads to see Castiel slowly limping toward them, bag slung over his good shoulder.
“You work at Balthazar’s shop?” Castiel couldn’t believe it. The one place he was sure he would never find anyone he knew, and the last place he would want anyone he knew to go. Balthazar liked to tell embarrassing stories and, well, Castiel provided him with a lot of those. He bit his lip. “Did he tell you anything about me? Because I swear, that one time at the lake, I didn’t think anyone could see me –.”
and so on and so forth. In summation: Their plan is working. They’re causing a ruckus, and if they’re lucky, they’ll end up in the gossip section of the Sunday paper. The mayor will
“He called you ‘little brother’,” Balthazar said. “It was him. There were two others with him, but…it was him, Cassie. I’m sorry.”
“It’s my pleasure, really,” Cas assures, smiling at him. “I figure the best way to get used to humanity is to dive right in. No hesitations.”
“Crap,” he grunted, lying back against the sofa once he picked up his phone. The time read 9:08. He could also see a couple messages from Bobby, and unlocked his phone to read them.
“Yeah, therapy. Dean thought it was kinda stupid that I was going, so if you decide to try it, he probably won’t be all for it at first. I’m not sure if you noticed by now, but Dean likes to fix problems – even if they’re not his fault.”
Dean spun to face Castiel, opening his mouth to retort, but closing it after a beat. Something like disappointment flashed in Dean’s green eyes, but Castiel decided not to mention it.
the guy decided to call? "Do you know how long we looked for you? We thought you were hurt, or dead! God dammit, Cas, I buried- ."
a soldier, after all - but his threats were usually empty since smiting was no longer an option, and he didn’t have his angel blade, either. That, he had buried after killing Hael. It still pained him to think about her death. He hadn’t wanted to kill her, but he had to start taking care of himself.
“Called myself. Now I’ve got your number, too.” He smiled, and Castiel was glad to hear Professor Crowley dismiss class because
Dean hated sounding like he was begging for mercy, but he could NOT screw this up. Not twice in one day. Not with someone he might actually really like. As a friend, that is.
“I wanted to talk to you about something,” Dean states casually, as to not worry him too much. He motions the younger man forward with a hand. “Come, sit down.”
Dean stared at the ex-angel for a minute, and contemplated how someone, once so powerful, a soldier, could be so vulnerable now, so
“What? No, no, I thought it was… shit.” Dean lifted himself off of the sofa, and began to pace. Which was never a good sign.
“Yeah, I’m sorry. Al sent me home once the patient stabilized in the ICU, told me he didn’t want me assisting on another OR case until I got my shit together. I felt like trash, and then I heard Gabriel talking about you with his friends, laughing about how he’d finally won you over. I felt so useless and stupid, Cas, I just assumed the worst.” Dean pauses, sniffling, “Because, ya know, why would anyone want to stick around a fuckup like me?”
Cas nods as well and makes an awkward movement forward, then takes a shy step backward. “I feel like I should, um…hug you? I don’t know if that would –.”
Dean was smirking when he faced him. “I was just following your lead, baby,” he shrugged, “Crowley was being a dick, so I figured, why not tell him off?”
“You can’t just walk into my life, screw it all up in the best way, and then… you can’t do that, okay? You have to wake up,” Dean choked out, and sniffled again, and Castiel didn’t think he could take any more of it – listening to how hopeless Dean sounded, like he’d already lost Cas.
“Cas?” Dean asked, startling him out of his thoughts. Castiel hadn’t realized that he was walking backwards until his back hit his closet doors. He winced, the impact sending a spark of pain along his fading bruises. He heard Dean suck his teeth.
“Not at all, Dean,” Cas replies, playing with her hands. It’s a nervous gesture, and Dean wonders why she would be nervous. “I do not mind being, as you say,
“I mean, no, but…I mean is it possible? Oh, god, what if I was set up? This whole time! Oh my god, what…what if…” Castiel felt his body start to shake, and he wrapped his arms around himself.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. This was not going well, and he was losing more and more of his resolve the longer he sat in the room. “They called me in because you requested it. I’m wasting my time and risking my sanity being here right now. Why did you want me here, Lucifer? What the hell do you want?”
he has a lawyer. Lucifer was always smart when it came to saving his own ass.” His tone was bitter. “When can I go in?”
Alrighty, lovelies, you guys have officially caught up. Now you will be on the same posting schedule as those who read my fic on Tumblr. I've recently started my final year of university, though, so I am often quite busy, and will be until winter break, but I'm gonna try and get chapter 22 to you guys by the end of the week, okay! I'll discuss the posting schedule in the endnotes there.
“Alright, I guess,” he said, then smiled, electing to change the subject. “What were you up to? You said you weren’t busy
And that was that. He had walked away, the crowd had dispersed, and Dean was left, fists clenched, against the lockers, wondering what the fuck had just happened.
“Calm down, sweetheart, I’m just carrying you back to the room. What, you afraid of heights?” Dean teased as he made his way back inside.
“It’s okay,” Cas repeated, rubbing a thumb across the hairs at the back of Dean’s head. The moment felt intimate, almost
“What if he just prescribes you a bunch of pills?” Dean spoke into crook of Castiel’s neck, placing one hand around his waist while the other rested on his thigh.
Cas looks sheepish for a moment, and Dean thinks he might be getting an apology, but he soon realizes that he’s mistaken.
Smiling, Dean got to his car and turned his key into the lock to open the driver side door. When he put the key in the ignition, the engine roared to life. “Missed you, too, baby,” Dean said aloud, turning on the radio to a classic rock station. He rolled down his windows and pulled out of the dorm parking lot, careful not to hit anyone. He was on his way to work – college was NOT cheap, and his family wasn’t the wealthiest bunch. He had found an opening at a music place downtown, only a 15 minute drive from campus, so he gladly accepted the job. His shift began at 1, and it was currently half past noon, so he’d definitely be on time.
“Cas?” Dean interrupted, as if he was suddenly aware of what Castiel was going to say. He sounded wary, and afraid, but Castiel was afraid, too. He was nervous and scared and
to do this, okay? I know I need it, but I feel like it might be good for me, too. I know you don’t like to talk about your feelings very much –.”
“And running away isn’t crazy?” Cas asked, trying to mask his concern. “Do you even know where you’re gonna go?”
birthday, Bobby let him access the account that his mother had started for him, so he could pay tuition and support himself and Sam. Finally, after months of convincing Uncle Bobby that he could do it, his uncle agreed to let him go.
“My brother is of high importance to you?” Castiel asked, squinting in confusion. “Wait…The Garrison…you mean
“Yes, well, that’s all good and dandy, but you’re only supposed to be here for another five minutes.”
"You eavesdrop on me?!" Dean shouts, but Cas has the humility to look sheepish, so Dean decides to play nice and shrug it off. "Nevermind," he says, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Why were you concerned about me?"
“But…I wanna be your everything,” Dean mumbled, and Castiel squinted before a laugh escaped from his chest. Dean scowled at him, but didn’t pull his hand away.
“Not yet,” Cas repeated, and leaned over until his head rested on Dean’s shoulder. After a few seconds, Dean turned his head and pressed a short kiss to Cas’s hair. The kiss was an oddly intimate gesture, and it surprised Castiel, but he didn’t move or mention it. A kiss like that had only happened once before – when Castiel was leaving for college, almost four years ago.
Dean wants to tell Cas how ridiculous he sounds, but for some reason, he doesn’t think he can say no to the angel. He tries not to read too much into that.
If you had told Dean two years ago that he would be willingly giving up a led zeppelin imposter concert to make sure a little girl was ok, he would say you were crazy. Certifiably insane.
"Nah, I think she's got a migraine. Sammy used to get them pretty frequently. It would piss the hell out of dad. Cas, I need you to grab a trashcan and bring it over to the side of the bed. I'll text Sam and get him to pick up some Advil really fast. Claire, just hang in there kiddo. It's gonna be ok." Dean assured her, watching as Castiel immediately sprang into action to get the materials he needed in case Claire got sick.
Castiel nodded in agreement, taking Dean's hand and squeezing it as tight as he could. He was the only thing keeping him from absolutely losing it.
Cas frowned, slowly running his hand through her wavy blonde hair. He just wished he could help her, or at least calm her down. Then, an idea struck.
"Did you not care for him?" Castiel raised an eyebrow. He hadn't meant to sound rude and Dean knew that but it still hit a sore spot in him.
And Dean could see that. As much as Castiel was trying to stay strong, it was clear to Dean how much pain he was in. How utterly terrified he was. All the blonde wanted to do was wrap his arms around his boyfriend and assure him that everything was going to be alright.
Dean was cut off by a laugh from Castiel. Dean loved his laugh. The way his nose scrunched up slightly and his cheeks blushed. Dean thought it was the most adorable thing. However, his smile was short-lived as Cas's laugh was almost immediately replaced by a painful sounding coughing fit.
Dean stared around at all the people wearing horribly unflattering AC/DC tank tops and face paint and let out a contented sigh. This was wear he belonged.
Both men practically jumped out of the car and ran to the front door, Dean knocking rapidly. It was Kaia who finally answered.
Cas was by his side now, inviting Sam and Eileen in. Both couples made their way into the living room. It was full but not cramped. Like it had been designed for the four of them to sit there. They talked and talked and then talked some more. About everything. What Cas and Jack had gone through when redesigning heaven, where Jack was now, Sam and Eileen’s life together after Dean’s death, Dean reuniting with Cas, anything that came to mind. They were finally, completely and utterly, careless. They were at peace together.
"What the hell is going on? Is she ok?" Dean almost yelled, jumping into the passengers seat, not even questioning Castiel's position as driver.
He concluded the song by pressing a gently kiss to Claire's forehead and snuggling closer, to where he could hold her like she was just a child again, as his eyes slowly dropped shut.
"Sounds good, Cas. Imma head to bed, nice talking to you" Dean wrote, and Castiel wondered if he had come on too strong. He supposed he would find out tomorrow morning.
Without another word, Dean sped to his Baby. Cranking her up, he started down the road. He didn’t know how but… he knew exactly where he was going. He was going home.
Suddenly, Cas felt something in his front pocket begin to buzz. Quickly, he removed his phone from his pocket and squinted at the caller ID. A soft gasp escaped his lips.
"You go to school around here?" Dean wrote, before Castiel had time to respond to his previous note.
"I would actually. From what I've heard you've been planning this night for quite a while." The blonde admit, causing Castiel to frown a bit.
But then bright blue eyes would stare into his and ask him to read her a story. And he would wonder how he could ever even think about leaving her.
But he lived for it- he craved it. The adventure, the uncertainty, the spontaneous decisions that somehow ended with them hungover in the back of the impala at a McDonald's parking lot. It was just the right amount of crazy for Dean.
The window. He heard it clearly that time. There was no doubt in his mind that this was very real, and very scary.
Cas had barely stood up, when he was suddenly engulfed in Dean’s strong arms. Dean felt the other man lean into his chest. They stood there, just like that, for a long time. When Cas finally pulled away, he looked at Dean for a moment. Tears were in his eyes, and Dean knew they were streaming down his own face. “Dean I-” Cas didn't get to finish.
Cas grabbed a blanket from the edge of the bed and carefully draped it over the girl and standing back to take in his daughter. She looked so tiny on his large matress, though really she was. She was barely sixteen, for gods sake. She didn't deserve this!
"Goodnight, my loves." He smiled, exiting the room as heading toward the living room sofa where for once, he wasn't upset to be sleeping on his own.
He rolled his eyes and nodded, before disconnecting the call. Just as he was about to crawl back into bed, his door flew open.
He was about to flip the guy off and crawl back into bed, but something stopped him. Maybe it was the way The boy waved at Castiel to get his attention, or the way Cas could tell he was barley managing not to fall from his second story bedroom. Either way, something compelled Cas to go to his desk, and pull out a poster and a sharpie.
Inevitably, his wonder outweighed his embarrassment. He had to prove to Charlie that Mr. Singer was not having an affair.
Cas still remembered the first time he ever sang to her. She had only been home for about three days, and he could absolutely not get her to stop crying. Absolutely wailing. Amelia was asleep, and her parents had just gone home.
Both men cheered as the band skipped the introductions and went straight into the first song. A cover of
“Woah, easy there tiger.” Dean laughed, giving his baby brother a loving pat on the back. Sam pulled away, a large smile on his face.
Dean could tell he had been waiting for this moment for a long time. Their heaven. Together. No monsters or demons to distract them. No hunts to take them away from this. This domestic life- er afterlife they would share.
The reason she was saying at the bunker was because she had found a case close to Lebanon, it looked like some hardcore witch activity but Claire couldn't be sure. Sam and Dean had offered to help but Claire knew that meant taking whatever it was out for her and making her wait in the car. So, politely, she declined. Instead, just asking for a place to stay so that she wouldn't have to get a dirty hotel room.
That's when he swore to himself that he would never let his child go through the same thing. Which is why he rarely ever yelled at Claire, or at anyone is Claire's presence. He never wanted his baby girl to go through that same pain... That fear.
And so they took it slow for a while. For everyone sake. Still, Castiel didn't see himself losing Dean anytime soon. They had been going strong for almost a year at this point, Dean had even moved in with them!
After about five minutes of scrolling, he felt his eyes begin to droop shut against his will. Deciding this was a sign that he should go to sleep, he sent his goodbyes and set his phone at the nightstand next to his bed.
They lived in a large house, on a large hill, in a tiny neighborhood on the outskirts of town. There were only four families in Woodlawn Drive.
It was when Castiel heard the unmistakable sounds of retching that he decided he couldn't just sit by anymore. With a flick of the angels wrist, the door to Claire's room flew open to reveal Claire leaning over the trashcan that was placed by her bed and heading into it, Sam rubbing circles into her back and trying (failing) to tie her hair up with a scrunchie he had found.
"I'm glad you like it." He grinned, giving his boyfriend a small kiss on the cheek. He knew how much Cas loved those small, intimate gestures.
"I brought you some soup ingredients. And some tissues. And some chocolate. Now, I know you don't really like chocolate that much but I talked to Gabriel and he said that when you were younger you used to eat chocolate when you didn't feel good. Is that creepy because I-"
"I-I really don't remember. I'm sorry." Claire sighed, trying to recall any specifics between arriving at the party and being in this car.
“I missed you. So much.” He admitted, chuckling through his tears. Dean was chuckling as well. “Well I should hope so… Old man.”
"She's sleeping now, she should be able to eat when she wakes up." Cas supplied, sitting down beside Dean at the table.
When Cas took a bite of his, his eyes widened almost comically. "Dean. This is incredible." He exclaimed, cringing slightly at how gravelly his voice sounded. Dean just laughed.
As the last chord rang throughout the park, the rest of the audience was clapping and cheering. However, all Cas could do was grab his boyfriend and squeeze him as tight as possible.
Cas was by her side in a second, his hand gently placed on her shoulder. Dean couldn't quite hear what they were saying, but based on the look on Castiel's face it was not good.
They rode in comfortable silence for a while, the rumble of Baby's engine and Tears for Fears blasting through were the only sounds coming from within the car. They had left Sam at he library to pick up more books in case Claire didn't have enough back at the bunker. And Sam was happy to do so, desperately wanting to get away from his brother and Castiel's blatant flirting. He had Castiel's car, so when he was done he could go ahead and get to the bunker.
She look to the other two men with an arm outstretched, a silent invitation in a group hug, to which they obliged.
That's when she felt it, a deep burning throb right behind her right eye. She winced, moving a hand to massage her temple.
It wasn't until that moment Dean noticed how shaky and unstable the brunettes hands were. He sighed.
All he knew, is that he would do anything for that girl. Including give up some trashy cover artist in the park, to take care of her. Because that's what people do when they love each other.
Castiel sighed happily, as he plopped down on his bed. His father always made the best grilled chicken salad.
Cas blushed slightly, but Dean didn't mention it as it could very likely also be the fever. Which reminded him...
It almost physically hurt him to see her suffer. Like how devastated she had been after Amelia's passing. How she had barely talked for almost two weeks after the funeral. Somehow, her silence hurt just as bad as her tears.
A question, a nod. And suddenly Claire was up and Castiel was walking beside her. Dean scrambled over to her other side, as she looked quite unsteady.
For a moment, he saw only the dark of the night. Frowning, he wondered what on earth could be making the dreaded noise.
"Tell you what. If I can leave now, I'll come see you right after school and I'll spend all the time with you that ya want." Dean compromised, hoping Castiel would agree.
“They’re here.” He whispered, taking Dean’s hand in his. “Are you ready?” He asked, already knowing the answer. Dean squeezed Cas’s hand in confirmation.
There he was. Castiel. Sitting in a comfortable looking armchair, reading a book. He was wearing the same old tan trench coat, with his goofy backwards tie and three piece suit underneath. His hair was down, but not messy. Like Dean had seen back at the bunker so many times. He looked content. Soft music was playing in the background. He recognized that song… it was on the mixtape he had given Cas all those years ago.
"We were at Patience's house, I p-promise. But her dad wasn't home so we were kind of able t-to just do what we wanted. Well, Kaia called and said she h-heard about a party downtown. I remember getting there, and then a-a lot of loud music and lights and- and then I was at Kaia's house and you ran in. I think she said I-I passed out at the party? I don't remember?" She admit, burying her face in her hands.
The heartbroken look his boyfriend gave him almost made Dean want to physically rip his own heart out.
The Trans, Linda and her genius son, Kevin. AP class? You name it, Kevin was taking it. The apple didn't fall far from the tree, as Linda was a surgeon at Lebanon General.
Quietly sneaking up to the girl, he gently pulled off her shoes so she could be a bit more comfortable, incredibly careful not to wake her. He knew Claire preferred to sleep with her socks on when people were around, "You never know what they might be into!"
“Cas?” He questioned, a smile of disbelief on his face. It had been just over a month since that day at the Bunker. When Cas had sacrificed himself to save Dean. He had been sure that was the last time he would ever see Cas, since Chuck wasn’t able to bring him back now.
However, every day with Dean was new and exciting. Almost like an adventure. Cas already couldn't imagine life without him.
Then there it was. A sense of calm that came so quickly Dean almost missed it.. Cas must have felt it too, for he looked over at Dean.
"You're just so pretty." Dean shook his head, chuckling to himself. Cas blew him a kiss that he happily returned before leaving the room.
"I think she's gonna be ok. She's strong. I- god I don't know. Do we let her sleep it off? Do we need to take her to the hospital?" Cas questioned, looking hesitantly back at the door.
"Assuming you mean the moving truck in 2368, than yes, Char, I am seeing it as well." Cas answered, trying to be as inconspicuous as possible as he peeked through the curtains on his window. Glancing over to Charlie's house, he could see her doing the same thing.
Castiel’s eyes went wide, “He… wait, so you just happened to walk by one of the ruffians who…who did this to me, and you had a nice little conversation with him!?”
Cas parks his car in the apartment's lot and notices the Impala a few spots away, shining in the afternoon sun.
“Can we, um, use your bed?” Castiel asked as he used the heel of one hand to wipe his eyes. “It’s…I like it better.”
insane.” Dean shook his head and took a few steps forward, closing the space between them. He placed a hand on Cas’s neck and leaned in for a short kiss.
Finals week flew by. Dean woke up every day, took an exam or two, walked back to Cas’s apartment, ate, and then slept. He tried to do well on the tests, truly, he did, but he had no idea if he would pass or fail his classes this semester.
“Oh, right, right,” Dean replied. He had never really been in tune with the big issues, choosing sports over news when he watched television. But he knew enough to realize why NSB marriages would be a problem. He just didn’t agree with discriminating against those who decided on that lifestyle. They were people too, anyway.
Dean and Cas followed Charlie into the room, raising their eyebrows at one another and shrugging. Inside sat large yellow chair, which Dean assumed was for the doctor. There was an enormous bay window on the far wall, letting in limited light due to the pale blue drapes that hung in front of it. To the left, across from the yellow chair, were two couches, coffee brown in color.
“Well, I’m starved. Let’s see what Cas cooked up, hmm?” Kevin slides past Dean, who is still staring at his hand, to get to the dining room first.
Dean chuckles, “Don’t worry, I’m sure you’ll get the hang of it.” He squats to pick up the cookbook, but as he moves to stand, his eyes (on their own accord, he
“That so?” Dean asks, eyeing Ketch carefully. When the other man doesn’t budge, Dean slowly makes his way over to him where he sits.
“I don’t know, man, but they need him to talk,” Dean answered, and Castiel guessed that he’d been thinking aloud. Dean reached out to Castiel, but he flinched, and Dean immediately took a step back.
“But I am!” Cas exclaimed, and Dean shook his head. He wanted Cas to go, but there was no way Cas would decide to go last minute. That just wasn’t Cas. He planned things out. All of the stalling was probably just a way to keep from hurting Dean’s feelings.
Castiel looked over the card. Charlie Bradbury, MD. Psychiatrist. “Thanks, Sam,” Castiel looked up. “I’ll consider it.”
SO SORRY FOR THE WAIT, I hope you guys are still with me. <3 Please enjoy the chapter! Crowley makes an appearance again! C:
“He told me there’d be a price on my head if I said anything,” Dean stated. “He’s a part of The Garrison, too – works for Lucifer.”
to be faster than this. “You’ve been amazing through all of this, Cas. We’ll find a way to make it work.”
“I… I –.” There are three words sitting heavy on his tongue. He wants to say them, but the weight of them feels like too much right now. He looks at Cas, tightens his grip on his trench coat. Shit, he’s crying too, isn’t he?
It was Sam’s Junior Prom. He wanted to take a girl – Ruby, her name was. Dean thought he would be a cool big brother and let him drive instead of dropping him off.
He hadn’t meant to yell at the poor girl. The rational part of his brain told him that she was only trying to be considerate, but his brother was dead, so rational could take its crap and shove it. He was walking though the student common building when she stopped him, and the second he heard the words “I’m so sorry,” Dean lost it. He started shouting angrily at her, asking her what she could possibly be sorry for and how being sorry wouldn’t change a damn thing. His shouts drew a crowd, and then someone called a security guard over. Dean caught sight of the guard and booked. He jogged until he found a single bathroom. The door was unlocked, but he knocked anyway. When there was no answer, he scrabbled inside, locked the door, and collapsed onto the tile floor.
"This is really happening," Dean repeats, leaning in for a long, sweet kiss. When they separate, Dean laughs.
Dean was at a loss for words. He was ecstatic, of course, but he still couldn’t believe it. Things almost never went his way, but this time, he was getting what he wanted. It was too good to be true.
They both laugh at that; Dean’s paranoia about planes is Cas’s favorite thing about Dean, and he never misses a chance to rub it in.
“Oh, uh, ‘course,” Dean stutters, resisting the urge to clap her on the shoulder like he would have before. He’s never been good at the whole
