"Then maybe it's time you tried something new," Steve said.
There were three hundred and eleven replies, and the tweet was timestamped less than an hour ago.
"Because you're just too good a person to do that?" He was fishing, and he knew it.
"Good." It was less that Steve didn't want the rest of the team to find out how he felt about Tony--he didn't, at least for the moment, but if they managed to bring Tony home like they were hoping, that would change--and more that some of their conversations had been at least a little bit foolish. Steve had found himself talking about nothing in particular, just to keep Tony company, and he'd feel a little ridiculous if other people had heard him.
Tony's attempt to convince him that he looked fine in the suit met with limited success, but Steve had to concede the first point. This was a fundraiser for a charity providing scholarships for the children of dead or disabled veterans, and they were honoring Steve for the work he'd been doing for them. Steve couldn't back out of this.
But he'd still managed to drink more than the food could counteract. Every time he thought he might be sobering up a little, Steve would casually touch him, or he'd laugh at something Tony said, or the light would hit him in just the right way to make his eyes look impossibly blue, and Tony would pick up his glass again.
"Wow," Tony said, which wasn't the suavest response, but was definitely heartfelt. "We've been wasting a lot of time."
He still hated that he was getting out of one lie with another, but at least this could be the end of it.
Steve changed position, moving so that he could feed Tony his cock. Tony let himself be sloppy, doing the best he could to get Steve's cock wet enough to fuck him.
“I was starting to get that feeling, yeah.” Tony’s eyes closed, and Steve decided that whatever conversation they needed to have about this could wait until morning.
"The arc reactor," Bruce said. "It gave us a unique energy signature to home in on."
"Actually, it does." There were a few moments of silence, and then he went on, "If you want me to do anything, you can just ask, you know."
Steve shook his head. "It's not."
"That's a safe bet," Clint said, "but the thing is, we're all used to you doing obnoxious things by now."
Tony had kept the conversation going--about the charity, about various people in attendance, about the work he'd been doing in the lab, about the team training session Steve had scheduled for tomorrow--so that Steve didn't get much of a chance to think about it, either.
Steve tells himself that the man’s a criminal, that it’s perfectly reasonable for Steve to be glad that he’ll be ending the night in SHIELD custody, not in bed with Tony. Which is true, certainly, but Steve knows that it’s--all right, it’s jealousy--that adds an edge of glee to his satisfaction at a mission accomplished.
"No, that's not it," Steve said. Stark Industries had done everything they could to help the Avengers regroup after Ultron, and Sam was doing a great job getting everything running and keeping it operating smoothly.
"Clint and Thor both swear that a big fried breakfast is the best remedy for a hangover," Steve said, "but there's also some plain toast if you don't think you can handle that." He set the tray down on the bed.
That was true, and it was something to consider. He probably wouldn't have thought of this if they'd gotten together in a more conventional way--and just about every way was more conventional than "so, one of us was stuck in another dimension…"--but now he let himself think of calling Tony when he was out on a SHIELD op, or Tony calling when he was away on Stark Industries business, and smiled.
, either, Steve reminded himself, even if he was having trouble with the concept.
But still, he'd meant to have that conversation before he said anything.
"The same thing's true for you, though. You're not going to be able to take this back after it's over."
Okay, Tony had hurt him, but that wasn't Tony's fault. You couldn't blame someone for not being in love with you. That wasn't something they did to you.
annoyed. It was ridiculous, and honestly, he had to wonder what on earth was going on in Tony’s mind, to send him sleepwalking into Steve’s bed, time after time, but it was also too comfortable, too pleasant, for Steve to really mind.
drunk. You never knew when Hydra or AIM or the Squadron Supreme were going to come out of the woodwork spoiling for a fight, and while Tony hated to lose a fight for any reason, he would hate it even more if the reason he lost was that he was too drunk to see straight.
"Yeah," Tony said. "So you'd want to see me, too?"
Not to mention all the people who'd been treating Steve's life like an academic subject when he was still in the ice, and didn't see the need to stop that now that Steve was here, walking around, not really wanting to hear their theories about what Captain America had really been like.
He didn't have to wonder if Steve could be trusted, or if he were working for some group that was trying to get close to the Avengers.
"Not really," Tony said. "Maybe a little, if you're going to tell me you had time to think about it and I'm really not your type. But no. I'm not that kind of a coward."
"Is it an emergency? Because otherwise, if we can do this later..." Steve waved the paintbrush in the air, getting a few drops of red paint on his shirt.
"And I overheard Mr. Rogers telling Mr. Odinson about the move," Ned added.
Still, he looked forward to it every week, and so when Steve shook his head, still not making eye contact, and said, in a flat voice, "I don't think so, not this week," Tony couldn't help but be disappointed.
JARVIS hadn't sent up a red alert, so it probably wasn't an intruder, and Tony probably hadn't locked the door last night. Or rather, Steve probably hadn't. Tony rarely did; the only people in the building were the team, after all. He only locked the door when he wanted to be sure of having privacy.
"Peter made me," Ned said when he saw Tony.
So...whatever Steve had wanted to talk about hadn't been a bad thing?
"Among other things," Tony admitted, the words bitten off grudgingly. "God, we're only
"They're not of my face." There was no way that anyone would be able to identify him from the drawings, unless they'd taken pictures the last time Steve had had a physical at SHIELD. Even then, it was highly unlikely.
He was glad he'd been wrong.
He was glad he didn't. Tony would have laughed; it wouldn't have been a problem, but it would have broken the mood, and that would have meant that he wouldn't have been able to hear the changes in Tony's breathing, the quiet sounds that told Steve that Tony was still thinking about how it would feel to be inside Steve.
"So much worse." Steve swallowed. "We should have boiled some drinking water before this," he said. "I could have at least washed the taste out of my mouth."
kind of a big deal at SI, you know."
"I'm fine. I got banged up a little when I... let's call it 'landed.'"
It was probably just the realization that he was going to die here, with someone he only really got along with when they were fucking, and not always even then.
"So you draw when you talk to me," Tony said, when Steve didn't answer right away. "If you're bored, you know you don't have to--"
, and he always needed a moment) but that wasn't the same as trying to hide.
It did stop the ranting, anyway.
?" as Steve kissed him.
The room was still spinning; Tony decided it would be better if he closed his eyes. Even better because Steve was still giving him a look that Tony couldn't decipher.
has my hands pinned, so you're going to have to take care of that yourself."
"Sir, I believe it would be better if you--"
Steve disappeared into the bedroom while Tony was doing that, coming out just as Tony was turning the water off to let it cool.
That didn't mean it wasn't risky, but they had no idea how long it would be before the weather cleared up. They might need a source of food, especially if they wanted to have the strength to travel.
"Would Captain America lie to you?"
But Tony knew of a steakhouse that was fairly casual and quiet, with seating that offered a lot of privacy. Great food, but not so pretentious that it would make Steve uncomfortable. And steak was a safe bet. Steve was willing to try a lot of things, but he was happiest with straightforward food that he might not have gotten to eat very often back in his day, but he at least recognized.
Tony laughed. "Hey, I can be an adult, when no other options are available." Then, hopefully, he added, "I could try it now? I jumped to conclusions this morning. I'm not going to say I panicked, but I did something that could look a lot like panicking, in the correct light."
Tony's voice was warm, the words coming out thickly, like maybe he should have gotten a glass of water, too. "Tell me about them. Since it's going to be a while."
But when Steve tried to bring up the subject of the kiss, he never even managed to get the words out.
"Leave more," Tony said. "I don't mind, I want you to," and there it was, a part-truth spilling out when he'd never meant to say it.
"Me too," Tony agreed. "It's a shame we probably shouldn't do it again."
Tony followed him, laughing. "Not impatient, are you?"
Steve took a deep breath. "I left the woman I loved back in the nineteen-forties," he reminded Tony.
"And now it's all over the floor." Now that Steve could make himself move, he bent down to get the tray at his feet, then started to collect sandwich triangles and apple slices from the tile.
"At least I'm alive," Tony argued. "How many times have you been willing to risk almost certain death because it was the right thing to do? If you can't remember, I could probably make you a list."
He didn't look to see if anyone on the internet was speculating that there was a rift between him and Tony. He got enough questions about Tony, or his relationship with Tony, during his various appearances that he assumed people understood that the two of them couldn't be together constantly. In his answers, he tried to give the impression that he was happy, although he missed Tony when they had to be apart.
Clint shrugged. "Suit yourself." He slurped a little more of it through his straw.
"We didn't hire movers. You specifically wouldn't let me hire movers, which is why I'm wasting my Saturday morning wrapping up your mom's good dishes in ads from Save-A-Lot."
He made himself lift his head and, finally, meet Tony's gaze. "And is the lab really the place for--for
That was why it took him by surprise when he felt someone--well, Steve, obviously--sitting down next to him on the couch. "After you told me what?"
But the weight of Steve's gaze as he looked down into Tony's eyes was something new.
Steve tugged at his clothing until he thought he was presentable. He still figured any more than a moment's scrutiny would let the least observant person figure out what he'd been doing, but he could pass someone in the hallway without attracting too much attention. Steve probably wouldn't even see anyone, anyway, since no one really had a reason to be on his floor.
"I'm sure, Dr. Banner. I do know how to operate my equipment." The voice was familiar, but Tony couldn't place it. He was still trying to remember who it was when Steve interrupted the budding argument on the other side.
Tony blinked at him. "I thought you'd disapprove."
"No," Tony interrupted. "No, thanks, J, I'm good."
"If you'd been in your room," Steve said, "I wouldn't have been at your door to overhear." And if he had been, for some reason, he might even have been able to apply the correct context to the sounds he'd heard. He'd have assumed Tony had an overnight guest, and that would have been the end of it.
"I'll pick you up at your door. I don't want you to think that I have no manners at all."
"I'm good," Tony promised.
"Yeah. And I have enough time before my meeting. There's an all-night diner not that far from here. Let's go get breakfast."
. at what to do next.
"And Ultron?" Steve had asked Sam and Jane Foster that question so many times that he thought they'd take a swing at him if he asked again.
"Great," Tony said. "What about the zoo?"
Tony recognized that neat, old-fashioned handwriting.
He hadn't always thought about whether or not he wanted Tony in his bed--it'd sometimes seemed like a far-off, ridiculous fantasy--but he'd never decided he didn't want that, either.
"That's my name," Tony agreed. "Though 'God' will also do, if you're so inclined."
They'd rebuilt their friendship after Tony had broken up the team. They could do it again.
"It's not great." The connection wasn't as clear as if Tony were in the same room, but it was clear enough that Steve could hear his sigh. "It's not terrible. I'm okay. Don't worry about me; I'll get used to it." He chuckled. "Or figure out how to remake it into something more entertaining. Give me a week or so, I'll solve the tragic shortage of cabana girls."
Steve smiled at him. "Yeah, it turns out I was lost without him."
Even if Tony had been a natural hermit, nobody should have to go through hell alone.
"This isn't a good--" Steve said when he opened the door, then broke off. "Tony."
Whatever Tony was working on, he really must not have wanted to be disturbed.
Which was more than Steve would have expected, since Tony was obviously angry about this.
Later, Steve promised himself. Later, when they were in that bed, and they had more time, and Steve wasn't quite this desperate to touch Tony.
Some places had canceled, but that just meant that people who had received a polite "Captain Rogers is already booked for that day" were getting a second chance, if they wanted him.
"You weren't answering," Steve said, "and I thought--you sounded like you were in pain."
"Yeah," Tony said. "Me too." Then he shrugged. "But he agreed that whatever it was that I did--I'm guessing the worst of it was after he took me home--we could pretend that it never happened, so he'll probably get over it."
“I know you’re going to bed,” Steve said. “It’s what you do after you go to bed that I’m talking about.” He should have brought it up before now, but every time he'd managed to get Tony alone in the last couple of weeks, something had happened to interrupt them.
Tony would make a few appearances with a gorgeous woman on his arm, Steve would make a few appearances alone, since the thought of finding his own gorgeous person to take to events wasn't all that appealing, and everyone would stop talking about them eventually.
Tony gets to be here as himself, and Steve’s not even going to try to pretend that he’s not annoyed by the unfairness of it all.
"I won't be coming out as gay," Steve corrected him. "I'll be coming out as bisexual, and..." He shrugged. "It's not something I'll need to walk back. I hadn't intended to make a public statement about it, but I won't need to take it back when this is over."
Tony was fine.
"We weren't really pretending to be a couple there. We were acting the way we normally do."
She was the only woman he'd ever loved. She'd been a surprise, in that and so many other ways. He'd never met another woman he could feel that way about, and she'd shaken him, overturned what he'd thought he knew about himself.
Tony was watching him much too carefully for it to be guesswork.
"Make the excuse you give Hill a good one," Tony told JARVIS. "She has a very suspicious mind."
Steve sometimes thought it was an unnecessary extravagance, but today he was grateful for it. He could pull out one of the prepared vegetable salads with an "XP" on the package (for "extra protein," marking the dishes they made to suit Steve and Thor's nutritional needs) and have something to eat that was both cold--exactly what Steve was craving, after a day in the heat--and required very little effort, which was also a consideration today.
So, no matter how awkward he felt about it, he made the effort: not just words, telling Tony what he was doing to himself, but also just letting himself vocalize. No biting his lip to stifle a groan, no burying his face in his pillow to muffle the sound of his breathing.
Of course he did. This was a lie, and he didn't even have the one advantage Steve did--that this was at least a chance to live out a lot of his fantasy.
At one point, outside the Kresge Auditorium, Steve saw another couple who looked to be in their late thirties. The woman was animatedly explaining something to the man, who was smiling and nodding in much the same way Steve was.
Tony could see through it, a little. There was a lab on the other side, but not one he recognized.
"I know. But it's been over a week since we've been out for coffee. They're going to be missing us at the diner."
"But it's boring," Tony said. "I don't do well with boring."
"Why wouldn't I be?" Steve said. "Tony Stark is one of the greatest--and
"It's too bad that we can't transmit video," Steve said. "You could see what I've been working on. Not that it's fascinating, but…"
"Of course." He didn't always take orders from Tony, but when it was about calibrating high-tech cross-dimensional communications equipment, he'd have been stupid not to.
That was the kind of cause Steve wanted to support. It also sounded like the kind of cause that would infuriate bigots. Even the more "tolerant" ones, who thought people like Steve should be allowed to exist, and even to have relationships, didn't like the thought that Steve might marry another man.
Steve really should have been expecting the first question, from a guy with shaggy blond hair and a "Queer Rights Are Human Rights" t-shirt: "So, Captain America, does this mean that you and Iron Man will be tying the knot soon?"
"Maybe I didn't want anything that complicated," Tony said, and now it was his turn to avoid Steve's eyes. "Maybe I didn't want to have JARVIS run background checks to make sure my date isn't HYDRA, or AIM, or just a run of the mill scumbag who'll go straight to the tabloids. I can trust my armor."
....everything went black.
"It's not that urgent," Steve said. He knew Tony had a lot of projects on his plate, both for Stark Industries and for the Avengers. There were plenty of simulations in the training room that they could use on Tuesday.
"Of course not," Tony said, twisting to look at Steve over his shoulder. "I got myself ready. The program's still too rudimentary for anything but the basic act."
It was partly Steve's fault, because he did keep insisting that the team was too dependent on their tech. Tony interpreted that as being anti-technology, when all Steve really meant was that technology could fail, and so it was a good idea to have your own mind and your own body to fall back on.
He had ten minutes, and he didn't know how to use them.
"Besides," he went on, "I need something to do with my hands while I talk to you. I'm not great at just sitting still."
"Thor makes popcorn by hitting the bag with lightning," Tony pointed out. It didn't have a high success rate, but the coolness factor kept Thor doing it all the same. "But it's not about popcorn." Though he should probably have JARVIS keep an eye out for that, if Clint was that defensive about it.
"Give us ten minutes," Bruce said. "We'll open up a portal to these coordinates then, big enough for you to come through."
"Telephones," Tony added.
"I mean on the way home," he said.
“No, Captain. I believe it may be related to sleep deprivation. Mr. Stark spent most of the time you were away in his laboratory.”
"In spite of my better judgment, I don't. I don't know what I told you last night after we got back, but I do remember telling you at the gala that I was trying to avoid someone I'd fallen in unrequited love with." Tony put his hand over Steve's, enjoying the permission to touch. He'd always taken every opportunity to touch Steve, but never like this.
He poured himself a glass of water from a pitcher with orange slices floating in it, and then held the pitcher up to Tony. "Want some?"
Tony's chuckle sounded absolutely filthy. "Touching everything
The remnants of his upbringing, nearly a century ago, wanted to protest that there was something wrong about that, but Steve squashed it. It wasn't wrong. That was something this new century understood better than Steve's time had.
Kissing Steve, on the other hand, wasn't a terrible idea. It was the
, though Tony was going to blame that particular adjective on the whiskey. He didn't go around thinking of Steve as edible, ordinarily.
Steve was taller than Tony, though not by that much. Enough that when Steve returned the hug and pulled Tony close, Tony fit against him nicely. Or maybe Steve would think that no matter what, because he wanted the two of them to fit together nicely.
"I'm not sure there's that much difference," Tony said, his voice low enough that Steve wasn't sure he was supposed to have heard.
They both knew he wasn't.
"I kept wishing we could just get this fight over with, because I wanted to talk to you."
"Right now? Yeah. Definitely." He put his index finger in his mouth, doing his best to make as much noise as possible, wet slurping sounds that, to Steve's ears at least, definitely sounded obscene.
Maybe Steve wasn't trying to hold Tony close to him for the few minutes he was allowed. Maybe Tony was the only one of them who wanted a reminder.
"What part aren't you following?" Steve asked.
"Not necessarily." He grinned at Steve, and Steve felt something in his chest ease. "I'll sleep when I'm dead," he added, and headed off toward the elevators.
But Tony was invited, and Tony’s the only one of them who actually knows the man they’re meant to be keeping at the party so that Clint and Natasha can break into his apartment and steal back some SHIELD technology, so Tony gets to have fun and Steve gets to pass the hors d’oeuvres, just in case Tony needs backup.
"People all over the city," Steve repeated. "If you were bored, or curious, or--"
Tony took his helmet off, leaving it on the bench, and went back to see what Steve had discovered.
, because Tony’s explanations had been getting increasingly unclear as time wore on. If he’d had any sleep at all, it would have been because he’d face-planted on his workbench.
He'd just poured himself a drink and opened the refrigerator to look for something to eat when JARVIS interrupted the music Tony'd had playing in the background. "Sir, Captain Rogers has asked me to inform you that he has returned to the tower and will be in his quarters for the remainder of the afternoon."
It was just also torture, because this "unrequited love" thing had sucked back when he'd thought it was just one-sided lust, back before he'd realized the depth of his feelings for Steve.
Steve held the candle at arm's length, and Tony focused a low-power repulsor beam at it, just enough that the wick caught. "There are at least a dozen candles," Steve said. "That's just the basket I put my hand on first; there might be more. I'm going back in to explore."
Tony went over to sit on the couch, trying to seem nonchalant. "I think we misunderstood one another this morning," he said, before Steve could say anything else.
"Two days?" Steve said to Tony.
"No," Tony said quickly. "I'm not expecting any trouble. I mean, there are definitely some terrible people here, but they're mostly politicians." He shook his head. "This is a Tony Stark problem, not an Iron Man problem."
Having Steve Rogers as his personal babysitter had made that impossible.
What the hell had he done, anyway?
"Any time," Steve said. He meant it, too. Even when this was over, if Tony wanted a friendly face in the crowd, Steve could do that.
Steve nodded; his mouth was full of grilled cheese sandwich, so he didn't have to respond just yet.
The guy goes down like a rock, and Steve tries not to look pleased with himself.  He tries even harder not to look pleased when Tony insists, repeatedly, that he and Steve have absolutely nothing to contribute now that they’ve delivered the target.
"Not in the least," he said. "And you're not either."
Steve braces himself. Most of the time, he’s not even sure Tony’s aware what he’s eating; it’s whatever someone sets in front of him in the lab. To be honest, most of the time, Steve suspects Tony’s not even aware
"Of course," Steve said, smiling. "Got to inspect the merchandise." He thought about asking Tony to describe himself, but realized he wouldn't feel comfortable reciprocating yet, so he put that aside for another time.
"There are some candles here," Steve reported after fumbling around for a few minutes in the dark. "I don't have any matches, though."
Tony shrugs and shoves his phone back in his pocket, then goes back to his conversation. Steve keeps circulating, making sure that wherever he is, he can keep an eye on Tony. He wants to be ready to move out when Tony does.
“I love this mission,” he says, as he steers Tony toward the door, and even though he never wants to do this again, it’s still not a lie.
"And when it ends?"
"Your generation didn't invent them," Steve said. Granted, Steve's experience with them had been listening to some of the dirty stories the Howlies had swapped, and some older boys' extremely implausible boasting when he was a teenager. But he hadn't been raised in a monastery, and maybe it was time Tony realized that.
“I’m glad there’s something I can do to help, even if it’s just making room in the bed. But I worry about you walking around the Tower in your sleep. That’s the part that’s ridiculous,” he explained. “Why don’t you go to sleep in my room? Maybe then you won’t sleepwalk at all.”
"That was the only information he gave me," JARVIS said. "If you would like me to ask--"
So even though they'd known one another long enough that the "getting to know you" part of dating wasn't strictly necessary, they were going to do it anyway, just so Steve knew how very seriously Tony was taking this.
After that, Steve was too busy fighting wave after wave of flying prehistoric beasts to check up on Tony. If something was wrong, he'd know, but beyond that, only the brief check-ins from Tony and the others let him know they were all still fine.
"Clint's right, though," Bruce said. "This is a ridiculous plan. You're going to fake date someone to troll the conservatives?"
He was alone in bed, which was probably a good call. He had been drunk enough that the phrase "performance issues" would probably have been relevant.
“Okay, then,” Steve said to himself, turning off the light again. Tony hadn’t pulled the blankets all the way up, and the blue glow of the arc reactor in his chest gave Steve enough light to make his way over to the couch.
my birthday, because I can't think of a better present. Except being able to watch it."
And apparently, Steve's discomfort had communicated itself to Tony, because Tony put down his fork and frowned at Steve. "Is everything okay? If you don't like the food, I can probably have them--"
"Worse than Clint's lasagna?" Clint had a creative approach to ingredient substitutions.
"Bonus," Tony said, dragging his last french fry through the ketchup on Steve's plate since he'd used all of his own, "in places like this, there'll be more people around, which increases the chances that pictures will wind up on the internet." He made a subtle gesture toward a nearby table where a couple of women had their phones pointed in their general direction.
A bed was starting to seem completely superfluous.
If it opened again, they might not have time to waste. "Get dressed," Tony said, squirming out of Steve's embrace. "We need to be ready to move if they find us again."
"Being a hero is my
No matter what Steve had said a few minutes ago, he'd changed clothes; he was wearing a loose, long-sleeved top that zipped, and a pair of pants in the same material, both in shades of brown, and he'd exchanged his boots for shoes that could also have convincingly been slippers. "I decided to let my uniform dry."
"Ned, are you there too?" Tony called, putting down a newspaper-wrapped plate and going through into the living room.
Tony just lay there, trying not to think. Not thinking at all was impossible for him, but he tried not to think about Steve, anyway. He thought about a lot of things, projects he was never going to finish now, things he was never going to get to do.
But Tony didn't try to get away, only complained more. "Okay, damn it," Tony said. "If you have any intention of fucking me tonight, would you please do it soon?"
"In that case," Tony began--
Tony frowned, blinking a little in a way that Steve recognized as trying to shift from lab-mode to "conversations with other humans" mode. "It's not? It was a good idea. We probably should be doing this. It's going to take longer to work up than the other simulations you've suggested, but that's no reason not to get started."
And today, when he stopped in the kitchen to grab a piece of fruit before he headed out for his run, Tony was sitting at the table, coffee in front of him, poking irritably at a tablet.
This Tony, the one who ordered $800 bottles of wine and then sent them back because they weren't up to his standards, the one who finagled reservations to a trendy restaurant because it'd look good in the gossip columns, was... fine. But he was all surface, no substance, and Steve preferred substance.
Steve was realizing how very low-brow a lot of his tastes were. That normally didn't matter--even Tony had a not-so-secret weakness for fast-food cheeseburgers and street-cart hot dogs--but at a place like this, it meant Steve was uncomfortable.
And really, Steve realized, Tony would have closed the book if it belonged to anyone but Steve. It was just Steve whose head Tony kept trying to get into; that wasn't really Tony Stark behavior as a rule, unless he had a compelling reason.
Also, drawing gave him something to do with his hands while he talked to Tony.
"I'll do it now," Tony offered. He wanted a better look at the stove, anyway, He wanted to find the generator, to make sure that he was able to keep it running for as long as they needed, but first things first, and safe drinking water was important.
"Ugh," Tony groaned. "Does that mean I have to move now?"
"Checks help," Marian said. "You probably also know the right people for us to talk to if we want to get things done."
Seventy years ago, Steve would have been mortified. He'd have been desperate to change the subject, to throw Tony off the scent.
"You should have told me," Steve insisted. He hadn't moved his hands away, and Tony wished he'd dig his fingers into Tony's shoulders and add a new layer of marks on top of the ones from last night.
It sounded a little risky, because once he came through, they were going to have to immediately replace the arc reactor that kept his heart beating, but Tony had taken bigger risks before. At least they'd have a medical team prepped and ready before they brought Tony through. It would be a matter of minutes, at most, before the reactor was replaced.
He was definitely sleeping in his own bed, he decided, even if Tony did come down here. There was plenty of room, and Steve was dog-tired; he wasn’t going to sleep on the couch.
Steve shrugged and hoped he didn’t look as guilty as he felt right now. He should have. Or at least he should have talked to Tony before now.
Tony's voice was lower, rougher, than it usually was. "I love it," he said simply.
"Good thing, too," Tony said, "because now that you've brought your cock into the conversation, I don't think I want to change the subject any time soon."
To the best of his knowledge, they were New York's only superhero couple, not that Steve was comfortable with the word "superhero" in the first place. But he guessed that made them the most famous one.
New York was experiencing record high temperatures. It was hot and muggy and Steve's shirt was clinging damply to him before they even made it to Central Park.
Good enough to make Tony swoon, or maybe that was all the whiskey, because things really were spinning extremely fast, and then....
"A little bit," he admitted.
Maybe he should talk to Tony about it before he decided, but if he couldn't even say, "So, why did you kiss me last Thursday?" he wasn't sure he was going to be able to bring this up, either.
Tony grinned up at him. "Want to go find out?"
"Consider them expanded."
"I thought there had been a break-in," Steve muttered. "I thought someone was hurting you. Of course I was going to get into the lab and worry about JARVIS's arguments later."
"Glad you approve," Tony said. "So yeah, I'd spend some time doing that. Nice and slow, because I want to drive you crazy. Maybe two fingers, if you're very good."
"I knew I couldn't be that lucky," Tony said, but he did give Steve a slight smile. "Should we maybe go somewhere with more comfortable chairs?"
"Why would I want--" Steve broke off, trying to run their conversation through his head. "Tony," he said, smiling. "For a genius, sometimes you're clueless."
"You'd better not pass out on me tonight."
They were also going to be aware that Tony wasn't straight, and Steve still wasn't sure what Tony was going to do about that, since he'd never said that he wasn't straight. He'd implied it, obviously, because he was in a relationship with Steve, but he hadn't said as much.
"The point," Tony said. "Okay, sure. The point is that what got you so pissed off at me that you wouldn't even look at me this afternoon, you blew me off for coffee, and you're acting like you can't wait to get rid of me now--that happened this morning, didn't it?"
Steve blinked, then just looked at Tony for a long time, waiting for what he'd said to sink in.
The bartender seemed satisfied; she set Tony's drink in front of him and moved away to serve someone else.
"I can see why you claim to be a genius," Steve said, laughing.
At least Steve hadn't really noticed.
Steve reached out and pressed his hand against the breastplate of Tony's armor. Tony couldn't feel the touch, of course, but warmth spread through his chest anyway.
He shook his head. “I know I used to, when I was a kid, but I didn’t know I still did. And I go to your room? Why didn’t you wake me up?”
Steve sighed and ran a hand over his eyes for a moment. "And I should have made sure that you knew what you were apologizing for," he said. "So yes, how about we start that conversation over again."
Steve actually recognized the names on a few of the accounts tweeting the negative comments; a few months ago, he'd gotten fed up with the number of right-wing activist groups who were using his image in their propaganda, and one of Tony's high-priced lawyers had gone after them.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Just for the online version, I think. But, you know, pretty standard stuff. I told them the same thing we're telling everyone else: Steve and I broke up, it was a mutual decision, nobody did anything wrong, we just decided that it wasn't working for us." He smiled sharply again. "I might have added that it meant that I'm single and willing to let the right man, woman, or person of any other gender heal my broken heart."
So what was Tony's objection?
Tony thought about asking him to wait, at least long enough that he could explain how Tony had been an idiot, but then he realized that one, he wasn't going to ask Clint to explain things to him--if it was obvious enough that Clint could figure it out, it was obvious enough that Tony could, too--and two, it wasn't like Clint would, either, at least not without a lot of smugness.
--and then an alarm went off, and whatever they'd intended to say to one another had to be put off, because Steve had to give the call to assemble.
He closed his eyes. Steve was still looking at him, and he wasn't sure he liked it. That was ridiculous. Of course he liked Steve looking at him, who wouldn't want that?
He rolled his eyes. "I could ask Steve," he agreed, "except that the time to ask him about this would have been when he brought me breakfast this morning, and I pretended to have a clue and not want to talk about it."
"Does this look like someone who doesn't feel the same way about you?" Steve asked, and Tony struggled to figure out what he was talking about, until Steve pressed his lips softly to Tony's.
"And people do date for PR reasons," Tony said. "Why is it a problem when we do it?"
Steve couldn’t help but laugh. “You know you can come here when you’re not about to pass out from exhaustion, too?”
"You're probably also starving, I just realized," Tony said. "You eat more than that for a snack."
Steve thought about the last time he'd gone to the zoo, to people-watch and sketch and, hopefully, melt into the crowd a little. It hadn't gone as well as he'd hoped, but it had mostly worked, and he'd been happy to sign that little girl's cast.
JARVIS filled him in on the end of the fight in Times Square. SHIELD had handled cleanup duty, and the Wrecking Crew were all in custody. There'd been a few civilian injuries, mostly tourists, but nothing severe and no deaths. All in all, not a bad outcome.
Tony groaned. “Kill me now before any of the others hear about that.”
The STRIKE team had been sent to South America, so August was in the middle of winter. The weather was chilly, wet, and dismal, a perfect match to Steve's mood. The mission was a rough one; while they got out of it without any fatalities on either side, there were a lot of injuries, and Rollins was going to be out of commission for at least a few weeks.
It wouldn't change anything--Steve was still the most annoying person Tony had ever met and they were still barely friends most of the time--but it'd kill some time.
"The armor didn't expect me to ask nicely," Tony grumbled.
Steve's brain absolutely refused to let him finish that sentence with anything more descriptive than "in a compromising position."
Steve was silent, though even at this distance, Tony could see the color that rose in his cheeks as Tony listed off the possibilities that he'd considered for what he'd done to Steve last night.
Or deciding to come and sit with him while he worked.
Tony laughs, his hand curling around Steve’s wrist, drawing him closer. He looks at Steve for a moment, then his grin widens. “Still blue.”
"Not with a remote-controlled suit of armor, no," Steve said, and made himself look Tony squarely in the eye. If Tony chose to take it as a challenge…
"Of course not." Tony was trying. That much was obvious. Even Steve had heard of this restaurant, and when he'd asked JARVIS about it to see what to expect once Tony had told him that was where they were going, he'd discovered that they were booked solid for the next two months.
"You'd have him do it, too, wouldn't you?"
"You won't," Tony lied. "You can't." He'd be sore later, he knew that, but he'd be fine. Steve wasn't going to hurt him.
"You just what?" Tony said. "Listen, I know I'm out of smashing range, but I'm still not going to referee any arguments between Hulk and Hawkeye. That's your problem now."
"You know," Tony admitted, "that sounds great in theory, and it's definitely something I'd do if I were there in person, but right now, going slow is losing its appeal."
"That's not the point."
"No," Tony acknowledged. "It's one of the few things we have in common."
Steve decided that it would be less awkward if he were already in bed when Tony came out. If Tony realized that this was no big deal for Steve--
"Even when we know yours? Or at least half a dozen fictionalized versions of it?"
“At the moment, he’s still in his quarters, but I believe it is likely.”
you already know what he's going to say because you're the one saying it."
"There was coffee," Tony said hopefully.
"You don't understand," Steve said. "If I don't stay focused, people could get hurt."
But they weren't, so he just finished his meal and went over the note cards for his presentation of the awards one last time, trying to keep his gaze from lingering on Tony for too long.
Then again, if they were together, Steve
And then light, harsh and unnatural, spilling forth from the back room.
Some of the people who put those "ambiguous" images online were the same people complaining about the picture of him and Tony.
"You'd better not be talking about Sam." Tony didn't give Steve time to answer that. "They're for me, huh? What are you drawing for me?"
Tony didn't know the half of it. Those were the kinds of pictures Steve knew he wasn't going to be able to let himself look at, the ones where he and Tony managed to look like a real couple.
"So I have ideas about our next date," Tony went on before Steve could say anything. "You want this to be really public, right?"
Oh, he was. He was perfect, hot and tight around Steve, pushing back against Steve with every thrust in an attempt to pull him in deeper.
"Telephones in your bedroom? I guess so." Steve's own phone rarely rang; when it did, it was usually someone from SHIELD, or one of the team. He didn't need to be able to take calls in his room.
Steve grinned down at him. "You know, teasing you is even more fun than I thought it would be."
Steve's own speech was more of the same, but he let himself inject a more personal note to it: this was something he'd never even imagined as a possibility, when he was young. He'd imagined being able to live openly with a man, not having to fear arrest or ostracization, and even that had seemed like a wild dream. And now, here in the city where he'd been born, it was a reality.
They all cleaned up pretty well. Sam looked awkward and a little shy, but then, he was young and this was his first event like this. Clint had actually made an effort; his tux wasn't even purple, though his tie and cummerbund were. Natasha was even more beautiful than usual in her formal gown and elegant hairstyle.
But there were plenty of conservative groups who'd booked him to speak--the publicists had rejected a lot of requests, because the groups had been too blatantly terrible, but these were the respectable ones--and they were canceling as fast as they could, especially after soundbites from Steve's morning-show interview had gone national.
"It'll be my pleasure, Cap," Tony said. "Now, what are your plans for the rest of the day?"
"No, I didn't want to go to my cousin's gross gender reveal party," came a second, bored-sounding, voice. "But I'm here anyway."
"I'm going to hold you to that promise," Tony said. "I'm going to watch you get yourself ready for me, and then--I mean, if you think it's something you'd be interested in--I'm going to fuck you, Steve Rogers. And you can hold
"And Captain America doesn't need our life story," the first woman said gently, coming over to Steve and disentangling the girl from him. "Tell him it was nice to meet him, Mandy, and then we're going to let him and Mr. Stark go on with their day."
"This is great," Tony said, digging in his pocket and dropping some cash into a jar that said it was for donations to a project to provide medication subsidies to people living with HIV. He'd been doing that to any donation jar they passed. Not that he couldn't afford it; Steve just figured Tony wasn't going to donate money that couldn't be used as a tax write-off.
"Aye aye, Captain," Tony said, grinning at him. He moved over to the table, undoing his belt and unfastening his pants.
The sheets on Steve's bed were softer than any he'd slept on in his life--except before the team had broken up, when they'd all lived in Avengers Mansion--but no matter how high the thread count, they were plain cotton: white, light blue, and one unfortunate lavender pillowcase from a week when Thor had drawn laundry duty.
For a little while, neither of them spoke, except in short exclamations or brief words of encouragement. Tony's vocabulary seemed to be reduced to profanity, but Steve didn't mind; the words sounded joyful--filthy and desperate and urgent and practically thrumming with happiness.
"Well, we all appreciate you opening up to us like this." Steve could almost hear Tony's voice in his head, scoffing that she appreciated the ratings boost. There were probably interns backstage tweeting about it right now to get more viewers.
Right now, he still hated Tony's driving, but he wasn't going to complain about it. Not if it got him back to the tower, and therefore to a place where he was actually going to be allowed to touch Tony, even a minute or two faster.
"A couple," he admitted. "But let's take things slow, yeah? I wouldn't want you to get the wrong idea about my intentions." He leaned closer, kissing Steve gently. Kissing him did feel familiar, and not just because of their earlier kiss this afternoon; he supposed his subconscious hadn't completely forgotten what happened when he blacked out last night.
"Some woman who broke your heart," Steve concluded.
Steve did. "Hold one out," Tony told him. "Far from your body, okay? I don't actually want to shoot you."
"I don't know," Clint said, "maybe because Captain America lying like that seems kind of... off-brand?"
"That works. How about you get off on your floor, I go up to the penthouse and clean up, and you come join me when you're ready?"
"There are a lot of people who see my uniform and my shield and think that means I stand for the same things they do," Steve said. "The lawyers stopped the worst of the groups using my image for their marketing, but that doesn't do anything about the ordinary people who think I agree with their hatred of anyone who isn't just like them."
"Drink some water before you go to sleep," Steve suggested once Tony was sitting on the couch, and turned to let himself out.
"You don't have to do that," Tony said. "I was just griping. I'm perfectly capable of walking to the bathroom."
But the tray in his hand is big and solid enough to use as a makeshift shield if there’s trouble, and this was the only way they could get someone in here as backup, in case things go wrong for Tony.
." He shrugged. "I was assuming, since we needed to talk about it, that it was something I ought to apologize for and promise to never repeat."
"I'm going to generously ignore the aspersions you're casting on my stamina," Tony said, and Steve could picture the way the corners of his eyes would crinkle as he grinned at Steve, "and just assume you like to take things nice and slow."
All right, then, Steve decided. He'd contact the PR team later; he already had an email notification that they wanted to talk to him ASAP. If they complained about how long it took him to get in touch, he'd play the "old guy not really understanding how email works" card. He tried not to use it very often, but right now, he needed time.
He'd been sitting on the edge of his bed--his new room had a desk and chair, but the chair was one of those metal folding ones, and it wasn't comfortable for long periods of time--but now he let himself stretch out, trying to will himself to relax.
He was too tired to fight it even if he had wanted to. “Is he coming here?”
Besides, if he did mention it to Tony, and Tony apologized for kicking Steve out of his bed, what was Steve going to say? “I didn’t mind”?
"Can you come up with something that simulates the effects of magic?" he asked. "We know there are several villains out there who use, or can use, magic, and I don't think we're sufficiently prepared."
"That door between the storage cabinets is the bathroom," Tony said, "if you want to clean up."
So Steve had decided that this one thing, at least, was going to be just his. He'd told himself that if there ever came a time when he had someone significant in his life--whether they were a man or a woman--they could decide together how public they wanted their relationship to be.
for the tax write-off, but I don't just give the money at random. But I wouldn't have started showing up at this kind of thing, and..." He took a deep breath. "I think I like it. Speaking out somewhere other than Congressional hearings."
Natasha worked something close to magic with a make-up kit, and now the planes and angles of his face look just different enough that people might look at him and think, “That guy looks kind of like a dark-haired Captain America,” and not, “That’s Captain America, passing the miniature pumpkin and goat cheese empanadas,” but he still feels exposed.
Steve approaches the men without letting himself look directly at Tony. “Caviar and creme fraiche tartlet?” he offers, pasting a bland smile on his face. He’s a waiter, he reminds himself, he doesn’t care what the guests are doing.
Maybe he was counting on the fact that people would assume he was bisexual, and then after Steve, he could just date women for the rest of his life.
Steve shook his head, with a rush of fondness. Maybe by this time tomorrow, even if Steve didn't have everything he wanted, he'd at least be able to watch Tony work again. And maybe pester him enough that Tony would get annoyed and go off to sleep before he spent the whole night in the lab.
"I didn't realize," Steve said. "You should have told me I was hurting you."
The Fresh Air Fund? Steve hadn't ever been able to go to one of their camps, because he was too sick, but Bucky and his oldest sister had gone one year to spend a summer out in the country where the air was clean. He'd been surprised to discover they were still around, but he was happy to help them.
“What?”
But once it was all over except the clean-up--which Steve was happy to leave to someone else--and the responsible party had been handed over to SHIELD this time, instead of the police, he made his way to Tony immediately.
Tony had done the second segment of
The first time they'd fucked, Tony had been drunk, devastated over losing Pepper, and swearing that love was bullshit anyway.
"I should try it," Steve said. "If there's anything toxic in it, I have a better chance of surviving it than you do, especially if I only eat a little."
Steve groaned.
"I was aiming for a lot too much," Tony confessed, but he put his arm around Steve anyway and let Steve steer him out to the waiting limo.
"JARVIS," Steve said, "please lock the doors again."
"Besides," Tony went on, "a big butch guy like you, that can't be what you're into."
That was when Tony burst in, clearly unwilling to give Steve a chance to ignore his email or text messages. "You volunteered me to ride in a college float in a Pride parade? What are you, insane?"
"What?" came Steve's voice from the back room, and then, "Hold on, I think I've found--"
But it felt like more than that, all the same.
"I didn't go look in your sketchbook to confirm it," Tony said, "but you never mind showing people what you're drawing, and even when I asked, you brushed me off. I made some assumptions."
be poisoned by that repulsive purple fruit, than let Steve into his personal space.
"No," Tony admitted. Nobody knew where they were. Nobody had even been close enough to them that he could be sure the others knew what had happened to them. And if they did figure it out, there was still no guarantee that they'd be able to get them back.
was the point. Maybe.
"I think that might be something I'd be interested in," Steve said, and then he stopped talking so that he could focus on the way it felt to push a wet finger into himself, how it felt to be stretched and filled, how much better it would feel when it was Tony--Tony's fingers, first, but also, Tony's cock.
Steve smiled. "You know my plans after this were to drag you upstairs, into a bed--"
"I'll catch some sleep somewhere in there."
," Steve clarified. "This isn't a good time. I was in the middle of something."
Tony looked at him over the rim of his glass for a moment, then nodded. "Okay, then. Let's do it."
He did that often enough as it was. Not that Steve seemed to notice, and maybe that was for the best; Steve didn't need to realize that Tony was a lovesick idiot. He could stay oblivious, and Tony could keep what they had.
"It's a start. It's a bit light on detail, though." He could feel himself smiling too; he wondered if it had the same effect on Tony as Tony's smile had on him.
“That won’t be necessary,” JARVIS interrupted. “I woke you to inform you that Mr. Stark is on his way here.”
A page of search engine results; the bar at the top had "is Tony Stark bisexual" filled in.
"We're not in public," Steve pointed out. "This is a private conversation." Then he frowned. "It is a private conversation, isn't it?"
But it wasn't Steve's problem.
“Yeah, it’s me,” Steve agreed, “and for some reason, that’s my upper arm you’re cuddling.” He couldn’t make himself sound annoyed. He couldn’t make himself
"Portal," Tony finished for him. Not that Tony was an expert. That was just obviously a portal, and acting like he was the expert on this made the ground feel a little steadier under his feet.
"That since we're both so busy, it's good that we can enjoy just being near one another, even if we're both working on our own projects. That you come in and keep me company in the lab and do your paperwork. That kind of thing." He shrugged. "It sounded good--nice and domestic, you know? But it's also true."
"I thought you were in trouble," Steve reminded him.
He wanted Tony to come apart completely; he wanted to hear Tony ask--no,
"Not really. The interviewer talked to Pepper first, so that's where she got a lot of the details about the business. She only talked to me because even if I'm not running the show, I'm still the face of SI, and I'm the one who made the decision to get out of the arms business." He shrugged. "But I just wanted to give you a heads up."
Instead, he'd heard himself saying, "Actually, Ms. McLaren, I have an announcement to make now. I don't know how exciting it is, but... I have to be honest. Tony Stark and I... we're not together anymore."
"If you're really worried, you could always ask Cap about it," Clint suggested. "Wouldn't that be the reasonable adult way to handle the problem?" Tony didn't even have a chance to answer before Clint went on, "Never mind, I see the issue now."
Steve came over anyway, because Tony had the worst luck in the universe right now. "I thought I was the one who was supposed to hate things like this?"
Steve's free hand was on his own cock again, pumping frantically as he thought about how it would feel to have Tony inside him.
Then he gripped the edge of the table as the room swayed around him. He really hadn't been drinking much lately, had he? He'd completely misjudged his tolerance.
lets himself have more of a private life than you do."
"Fair," Tony said. "I just didn't know what to expect from you. I mean, first you draw dirty pictures for me, and then you get shy. Don't get me wrong, both of those are just fine with me, but I think I'm getting whiplash."
"Let me guess, it's the biceps?" Steve said, and Tony couldn't hold back a burst of surprised laughter.
"Also," Steve said firmly, "'
"Good," Tony said. "I know I told you that it's not bad here, and it's not. Nothing's attacking me, I'm not in any actual danger. Ultron's completely neutralized."
"I'm going to be fine," Tony amended. "I'm doing great. Better every day."
"Yeah? What would you be doing instead?"
Between that and the darkness, if the door hadn't been open, they might not have found this room for quite a while.
He really had meant to talk to Tony about how they were going to bring an end to their pretend relationship, but somehow, he hadn't been able to find the words.
Tony took it, unscrewing the lid and taking a sip. It tasted odd, probably the unfamiliar mineral content, but it was drinkable.
Tony smirked at him, then reached in his wallet and threw some cash on the table. "I hope you're done eating."
"Then I guess you understand after all." Tony slid down from the table. "So if everything's clear--"
"I didn't run away screaming," Steve said. His expression had softened. He still looked annoyed with Tony, but it was the usual kind of annoyance, the "you're impossible, Tony Stark," that Tony always let himself believe had some fondness behind it, too.
"All the comforts of home, if home's in the middle of a monster-filled blizzard."
"I do," Tony said, trying to sound patient, "but I'm still looking for a light source. Also, firewood, a coal stove, something. It's getting colder out there, and the snow's coming down hard." Again, he could use the environmental controls in his suit to keep warm, and Steve would probably be fine as well, but that didn't mean that they should be stupid.
"No. It's good." He'd been surprised about that. The wine he'd drunk during the war had usually been because it was a better option than whatever water supply they'd found, or because one of the Howlies was passing it around and Steve didn't want to be rude. It hadn't been revolting. It just hadn't been like this.
"Okay," Steve said. "We're going to be ready for this. Only a few short days, and we'll be bringing you home."
It just wasn't the kind of place Steve liked.
"I see pretty well in the dark," Steve said, "and don't you have infrared or something in your helmet?"
Steve took the bait, though. "Because I'm in love with you."
Steve just looked down at him, like he didn't know what to do next. Tony knew that wasn't true. Steve was
So after one more kiss, even though Steve's hands were running over his back and he really wanted to feel the on his skin, Tony pulled away again.
"That seems pretty cold." Steve picked up the last of the apple slices and deposited it on the tray.
One thing couldn’t wait, though; he leaned over, close enough that he could feel it against his cheek when Tony exhaled. “The best part about you going to sleep here,” he said, quietly enough that if Tony had already fallen asleep, it wouldn’t wake him, “is getting to kiss you goodnight.”
"I told you that last night," Steve said, squeezing Tony's knee lightly, "though that's another thing you probably don't remember."
"We can take our time if you want, but eventually there's going to need to be something more than kissing." Tony gave him an exaggerated wink, and Steve laughed again.
They were going to die here, but if Tony had anything to say about it, it wouldn't be today, and it wouldn't be alone.
That felt better than it probably should have.
"We really need to work on that," Tony said. "The plans for the beacon are a pain when all we have is audio."
"I like the sound of that," Steve said. "Maybe, if the evening goes well, I'll ask you in to look at my sketchbook."
It only took a few quick strokes before Steve felt himself tensing up, then came into his hand, kissing Tony hard as he tried to keep his knees from buckling under him.
"That's the Navy," Steve muttered, but then let it drop. He came around to stand behind Tony, watching as Tony pushed his pants and underwear down to expose the smooth pale curve of his ass.
He had to wonder if Tony was seeking him out in his sleep for the same reason that Steve didn’t really mind these nighttime invasions. If maybe, Tony wasn’t as fond of him as he was of Tony.
He thought he liked it, though. It captured a lot of the movement and energy of the fight, cartoonish or not.
He set it down on the floor by the bed, and Tony looked down to see three jars of water--one large and two small--and what might have been a sponge.
Then it was time for the awards presentation, and not long after that, Steve and Tony were heading out into the night.
"Sir, I'm sorry to interrupt, but you asked me to remind you fifteen minutes before your meeting with Ms. Potts."
people felt was more important, and he was going to disappoint, maybe even hurt, a lot of people if he came clean.
"Open the door," Steve ordered again, "or I'll break it down." They were reinforced blast doors; Steve couldn't break through them himself, but they weren't Hulk-proof.
Tony hadn't even realized they had trays like this. Then again, while he'd had the tower built to his precise specifications, he'd left the furnishing of it up to a design firm he'd hired. He'd told them to thoroughly stock the kitchen. Clearly they'd taken him at his word.
"You know," Tony said, "right now would be a good time to go ahead and sound like an idiot, I'd say." He set down his coffee cup, but instead of letting his hand fall back to his side, he left it resting on the table. "So, was there anything you wanted to say to me?"
"No. Well, yes, by your standards, but not for me. I wrapped up at around two or so." Tony picked up his mug and frowned into it. "You'd think I'd remember drinking this." He got up and refilled it, took a long drink, and then topped it up before sitting down again.
"I was thinking more about you."
"True, but a lot of the ones before I was born are a matter of historical record, and it's not like the team doesn't talk about all the many ways that Captain America nearly got himself killed in the field."
If Tony agreed to go along with this--and it wasn't like Tony seemed bothered by the picture or the caption, just surprised that he didn't remember when it was taken--there was no way anyone who had a problem with Steve being bisexual would ever want to imply that Captain America was on their side of any issue.
"Both." Tony raised an eyebrow, and Steve clarified. "Mine to let me grab some clothes, then yours? If you're planning to keep me in bed with you for two days..."
"Of course, Captain Rogers."
"Not going to be a problem."
But he nodded, and peeled the plastic wrap off his salad as a way to avoid saying anything that might be taken the wrong way.
"What about Thor?" Steve asked, with a mischievous smile.
"But?"
"One of the smartest people?" Tony demanded. It was ridiculously predictable of him, of course, but the traces of uncertainty were completely gone from his voice.
Steve changed quickly; he’d slept in his uniform before, but he wasn’t going to do that here, in his own bed.
Steve didn't answer, just stepped forward and put his hands lightly on Tony's bare shoulders, the slight discomfort from the touch letting Tony know that Steve had matched his hands to the fingerprint bruises he'd left on Tony's shoulders the night before.
That was such a tissue-thin excuse that Steve knew Tony was trying to keep things civil between them, that what he wanted was to tell Steve to get the hell of his lab.
"Of course," Steve promised. "Every day, if you want. Or at least every day that I'm not out fighting HYDRA, or the Masters of Evil, or whoever else is causing trouble."
"And when we get back to the tower," Tony began with a grin. He hesitated, then leaned across the table like what he was about to say wasn't for public consumption.
Steve nodded. "Go ahead and get undressed."
Tony frowned. "'Magic' is a pretty broad category."
"I'm going to hold you to that," Tony said. "Not that I'll know if it's 'every day.' There aren't really days here."
Steve hated every second.
Still, things could be better. They had been better.
And then Steve's segment was over; he thought he'd been scheduled for a longer appearance, but that wasn't a problem. He was glad he'd mis-remembered that; he just wanted to get back to the green room so he could call Tony.
"Thanks," Steve said, and slid into his usual place at the table, right next to where Tony's coffee mug was already sitting even if Tony was at the counter unloading containers of food.
"Something's not right," Tony said, after Steve had been silent for a few minutes. They didn't always talk. They didn't always do things other than talking, either. Sometimes, one of them just needed to have company, without having to think of something to say.
He circulates, before the caterer realizes that one of her servers is slacking on the job, but that means that in a few minutes, his tray's empty, and he has to go back to the kitchen for another round of pretentious snacks. When he comes back out, Tony appears to be telling a story; his face is lit up and he’s gesturing wildly, seemingly oblivious to the hand resting possessively on his back.
"There's another reason for me to talk to you, then," Steve said firmly. "To remind you of what day it is."
It was a good thing that was old armor Tony hardly ever used. Steve wasn't going to be able to look at it again without remembering what he'd seen.
"Exactly," Steve agreed. "You're one of the smartest people I know, and you don't give up until you solve a problem."
"I'm going to take that as a yes."
"You don't have to do that," said Mandy's blonde mother. But she introduced herself and her wife to them; she was Angela, and her wife was Tricia. Tricia let Tony put his number into her phone, and then texted him their address.
Steve's expression softened a little, and he gave Tony what looked like a shy smile; even the tips of his ears went a little pink. Okay, if that was what being sincerely complimented did for Steve, Tony was either going to have to do it a lot more often--if he went the self-indulgent route--or a lot less often, if he took the option that was less of a danger to his emotional stability.
If he had the PR team send out a tweet that the picture was misleading, they'd feel vindicated. Of course their hero couldn't possibly be bisexual. They'd known better.
"Sap," Tony muttered, and Steve didn't bother to argue.
Even if he didn't, he'd be in a better frame of mind, and so would Steve.
"If you want to be the guinea pig, go ahead." Steve was right, of course. Any organ damage caused by an alien toxin would be something Steve's body could repair faster than Tony's could.
Tony whined, a raw needy sound that went straight to Steve's cock, and shuffled his feet farther apart to give Steve better access.
"A bottle of champagne and a pizza? At least, that's what you told Sam to have waiting for you."
) there was no reason not to let himself have this, just this once.
Steve wanted to argue that point; they had very different personalities, but if they didn't have anything in common, they wouldn't be friends.
"No, and if you were hoping that I was so you could get my share of Mrs. Wilson's cookies, think again. I just like my coffee to taste like coffee, and my dessert to be a lot less...sparkly."
"Of course there are," Steve replied, bewildered. They'd been talking about how far away the Stark Expo, where Tony, Sam, and Dr. Foster were going to try to bring Tony back to this dimension--
Tony laughed. "I don't think all that many people will be in the position to experience your evil streak, so they wouldn't believe me anyway."
Steve spent a couple of days in the tower, getting his life back in order after a week away, reading over some SHIELD reports that would probably lead to a STRIKE mission eventually, and realizing that even though he'd intended to give Tony his space when they were in private, Tony didn't really want space.
"And if the secret gets out?" Tony asked. "Outside the tower, I mean. It's bound to happen eventually."
Taking over Steve’s bed had been a little rude, but it wasn’t like Steve wasn’t used to Tony being a little rude.
They'd been okay about it when they thought Steve and Tony were together--if any of them were offended by Steve's bisexuality, they at least knew to keep their mouths shut about it--but now that the relationship was over, they had a lot of "hilarious" comments to make, mostly about Tony, and how good the sex must have been for Steve to be willing to date him even for a few months.
He was done with that.
No, the three large glasses of water, though one of them was mostly empty, and the one small bottle of ginger ale.
"Yes?" Tony repeated, blankly.
"Someone decided this picture of us is evidence that we're a couple," Tony said. "That part I follow completely. It happens all the time." He took a drink, closing his eyes as he savored it.
"I was also in bed." Tony leered at Steve, exaggeratedly enough that Steve laughed in spite of himself.
Well, alone except for the doorman, anyway, but Steve really doesn’t care right now. “I hate this mission,” he mutters.
Not that anyone taking a look at them wouldn't have been able to guess immediately how Steve felt about him. He'd drawn Tony sprawled on a bench after Steve had talked him into sparring in the training suite, flushed and sweaty and smiling. Tony in his lab, so focused on his work that he hadn't heard Steve talk to him for several minutes, intent and driven. Tony, still in his lab, head pillowed on his forearm as he gave into exhaustion.
Steve laughed. "You could just try to be yourself," he suggested.
Then again, if Tony were here, this conversation wouldn't be needed at all. If Tony were here, a lot of things would be better.
"I'm not sure which is worse," Tony said. He wasn't looking at Steve, but Steve was pretty sure that Tony wasn't just talking to himself. "The times when I just relive what actually happened, or the times when I get 3D surround-sound versions of what would have happened if I'd failed."
He was still having a little trouble adjusting to the idea that pictures winding up on the internet would be a good thing. He knew it was--this didn't work unless people were talking about them, after all--but he imagined it was weird for Tony, too, considering that he'd complained about the paparazzi when he and Pepper were together.
"Hey, Tony," he went on, "I have some more ideas for new training simulations. Do you have any time to talk about them?"
"Yes, sir. Should I restart the elevator?"
"Besides," Tony continued, "this is going to be so much fun. I get to annoy jackasses for a good cause, we can make a spectacle of ourselves, and I get to show up at charity events with Captain America on my arm. I like it when at least half the room is jealous of me."
Steve wasn't a stupid man, so Tony should have been expecting something like this.
He wasn't even going to insist on begging, no matter how appealing that sounded. He didn't want Tony to stomp off in a huff, and he and Tony were never that good at knowing when they'd pushed the other too far, at least not until the situation blew up in their faces.
"Sam didn't think I might like to be able to listen to music," Tony said. "That was you. Sam doesn't think that I might be lonely or bored. That's you."
Steve chuckled. "I thought you hated that song."
"Next time, we're doing this my way," he told Tony, and was quietly pleased that Tony didn't scoff at the idea that there would be a next time.
He needed to talk to Tony.
Definitely not
Given how much he was tempted to make a practical, hands-on demonstration of how he felt about Steve when he was sober, the thought of what he might have done when he was blackout drunk was honestly a little terrifying.
But Steve wouldn't feel certain until he heard Tony's voice. These were new headquarters, still with a makeshift feel to them, and Tony was in another dimension--a dimension where tech didn't work, where magic was keeping Tony's heart whole and the lack of technology kept Ultron dormant. Steve guessed that dimension was Tony Stark's idea of hell.
"Hey, Tony," Steve called. "It's just me. You've been holed up in here since this morning, and I"m guessing you haven't bothered to stop to eat. I brought you a sandwich."
And then Steve's arms were wrapped around him again, and Tony could force his breathing to slow. "There was a portal," Steve said. "Just a tiny one, and just for a few seconds. But I could hear Bruce calling us, and I answered him. I think he heard me, but then it closed."
“As you wish, Captain.”
Tony frowned at him. "If you want to have any hope of keeping this a secret, we can't do it again. The others probably wouldn't register it if we made out in the lounge--well, I guess Sam would, but he'd try not to--but Natasha and Clint…"
If Tony didn’t like it,
"Leaned on his shoulder in the limo," Clint said. "Actually, leaned on him, period. I'm not sure how drunk you actually were, but you definitely took advantage of that." He smirked. "Though I'm sure that whatever you did, it wasn't anything like what you very obviously wanted to do. Not that I blame you. If I didn't have Natasha, I might be doing my share of pining over Cap."
"I do," he said, "but you weren't exactly subtle."
“Mr. Stark is on his way,” JARVIS reported as Steve was pulling a shirt over his head.
"Present company excepted?" Peter suggested.
Tony was safe. Tony was alive. Tony was in relatively good spirits, and sounded happy to have Steve to keep him company. All of these were good things.
It wasn't very loud; if the serum hadn't given Steve excellent hearing, he probably wouldn't have heard anything at all.
Steve took a few steps back so he could lean against another work table. He didn't say anything, though, just waited for Tony to start making sense.
And obviously, theirs would be an amicable breakup, since there weren't any real feelings involved.
"You think I'm going to forget what you look like?"
He wanted Tony. Tony wanted him.
A bonus was that it was a formal event, and that meant that he got to see Tony in a tux. He liked Tony in business suits, and in the Iron Man armor, and in t-shirts and jeans. But Tony in a tux was something to be savored.
"No, you were difficult to avoid."
He just didn't have the right words. Didn't know how this kind of thing was expressed in the modern age. "Appliances?" he hazarded. "Equipment?"
"The Serpent Society," Steve said. "It didn't take that long, obviously." They'd dealt with the Serpent Society, Steve had talked to both the police and SHIELD, and he'd had time to get a sandwich and a shower before he'd come back to his room and re-established contact with Tony.
had anyone he wanted. And what he wanted right now was Steve, who still thought of himself as just a guy from Brooklyn.
So Steve didn’t mention it either, and since several weeks had passed, he figured neither of them was ever going to bring it up.
That was fine; that was what Steve would have expected if he'd really been dating Tony. Sometimes--probably a lot of the time--work was going to take priority. Steve tended to do that too, so he couldn't complain.
"I think that could possibly be arranged," he said. Tony had put his hand back on the table when he was done with his phone; Steve reached out and put his own hand over it, his thumb rubbing lightly over Tony's skin. "Anything else?"
Steve hadn't realized how rare it was for Tony to be completely still, until now, when he was, and he almost didn't look like himself. "Good to know," he said, and it sounded like he was being careful with his words. Another thing that made him feel like a stranger, and not Tony. Not even glib, slick, public Tony was ever careful.
"And I've apologized for that," Steve said. "I didn't intend to do it. Things just... happened. I started talking, and then could hardly believe what I was saying."
He hadn't gone more than two steps down the corridor, though, when a sound came through the closed door of the lab.
Tony could just be fishing, Steve told himself. It was guesswork, to see what Steve might give away in an unguarded moment.
Steve sighed. "Some woman whose heart you broke?" He sounded faintly disapproving. Of course he did. Tony was sure Steve disapproved of a lot of things about him, including the number of women he'd--well, Steve always said "dated," even if Tony hadn't actually
"Okay, then," Tony said. "We'll finish eating. We'll go for a walk afterward and get you a slice or something, enough to hold you over until we're back home. And maybe ice cream," he added. "It'll look good if someone takes a picture of us. The two of us, hand in hand, with ice cream cones? So wholesome it hurts."
"You're serious?"
!--had a life outside the team, and nobody would question Hulk's dedication to the Avengers.
for what he needed from Steve.
"I wanted to get you into a bed," he argued, not all that vehemently.
Steve made himself take slow, deep breaths until he thought he could get his voice under control. "Selfish how?" He couldn't think of anything less selfish than Tony wanting to give Steve everything he wanted.
"Also," Steve said, "Young love? I'm probably older than your grandparents." Marian looked to be in her late thirties--older than Steve looked right now, but still, probably not born in 1918.
"We're going to be tired tomorrow," Tony said, grinning. "And I'm going to be in the mood to lounge around and make out with you and probably drag you into my lab so you can draw pictures of me while I work." Then he brightened a little more. "Also, you're totally allowed to draw pictures of me while we're lounging around and making out."
"On the table?" Tony asked.
Steve wasn't coming any closer. "After I what?"
Steve was tempted to say yes. It was late, and JARVIS would alert them if anyone set foot on this floor of the tower. The door was locked. They could risk it.
Tony didn't disappoint him now; it took a few seconds, another nearly-audible swallow, and then he went on. "I'm not as in love with my own tech as you might think," he said, "so I was thinking about you. Which could have been something you never wanted to know about me, but I don't think it is, and besides, you asked."
"Then," Tony said, "as you said, before we were interrupted…"
"Now it's even more your problem," Tony said. "Being stuck here has to have some perks, after all, and this dimension is short on luxury."
Except this time, after the link, Tony sent another message:
Tony snorted. "You think that's enough to keep me occupied?"
He wasn’t as tired as Tony. Even Sam, who’d been in the lab with him, wasn’t as tired as Tony, partly because he had the energy of youth on his side, but also because a few times when Steve had poked his head in to see how things were going, he’d found Sam curled up in a corner, catching a nap.
But Steve had already apologized for that more than once, and right now, he wanted to see if they could move forward. "We could try it for real," he suggested quickly, before all the thoughts about how he should probably just try to maintain a professional relationship with Tony took over and silenced him.
Which was how, instead of his weekly not-a-coffee-date with Steve, Tony found himself in line at Starbucks with Hawkeye.
Face on like that, Steve's expression didn't look blank. It looked scared. Scared for Captain America, anyway, which meant that Steve's jaw was clenched tight and he was looking Tony straight in the eye, because Steve didn't back down from things that terrified him.
the talking, but if I need to hear from you, you'll know. Besides, 'silent' might not have been the right word." Tony's voice slipped into a lower, rougher register. "You can make all the noise you want, sweetheart."
Besides, Steve was going to be monopolizing Tony's entire weekend with the city's Pride festival. If he didn't get enough time in the lab beforehand, he'd probably go into withdrawal.
"Coffee?" he asked hopefully; there wasn't a cup on the tray.
Steve accepted immediately, copying the publicists and also Tony. Which was only fair, because he accepted for Tony, too, after checking with JARVIS to be sure Tony's calendar was free.
"As soon as I figure out how to say it," Steve promised.
Someone else had put him to bed, then. There was no way that, as drunk as he'd obviously been, he'd have thought to fold his clothes. Even if he had, he'd have hung them back up in his closet, rather than putting them in the chair.
"Maybe 'unbelievably frustrating' is your type."
Tony could think of a lot worse things to do right now, while they waited for the storm to die down and their drinking water to cool and Steve to
It might not be true, but it was still true that Steve might, at some point, be in relationship with a man, and it felt good to know that there were people who would be happy for him.
On the other hand, Steve had to admit that being able to punch someone who'd just tried to shoot him was both completely justifiable and very cathartic, at the moment.
"Don't worry," Tony said from the other end of the table. "I'd been thinking that our eventual break-up should be more dramatic, to give people a good show, but this is fine. As long as we don't bad-mouth one another in public, everyone's going to get bored of the story soon. You went off the grid right after the announcement, which kept people interested, but by the end of the week, the world will have moved on."
"Just you," Steve said quietly as he began to slowly ease his fingers out of Tony.
" He remembered when that had been on the radio, before the war, and had remembered the lyrics as soon as he'd seen the title in the music library: "
Instead, he comes out of the stairwell into the building lobby as SHIELD arrives, just in time to throw out his arm to stop the panicking man who thinks running back up the stairs is going to get him away from a team of SHIELD agents.
"I might hold you to that," Steve said, chuckling as he ran a hand over Tony's skin.
"Good to hear. Now, you were telling me that you were filling up a sketchbook for me with pictures of your cock," Tony said, "which I'm going to guess is as perfect as the rest of you, so I'm looking forward to seeing it in person as well as on paper."
"No loose ends?"
"I want to remind you that I'm not twenty, or a super soldier, and if I come now, I'm going to be out of commission for a while."
kind of guy."
Tony shrugged. "I'm also not the kind of guy who either proposes marriage or gets proposed to, so I don't have to worry about it."
"Sorry," Steve said. "I didn't mean to bring that up."
Before Steve could answer, a production assistant came into the room. "Mr. Stark, we're ready for you."
"I do trust you," Steve said. "Eight o'clock. Where do you want to meet?"
It had only been a little rude, because even on the couch without a pillow or a blanket, Steve had slept well enough by the glow of Tony’s arc reactor.
, I don't even know if I can tell you what I want." Not without sounding like a lovesick sap who needed to back away from the Hallmark channel, anyway.
He couldn't leave marks on Steve's skin, at least not ones that lasted more than a minute or two. He tried not to think that was some kind of metaphor.
But damn it, not only had Steve been on his ass about not sticking to the plan in Times Square--it was just the Wrecking Crew, for God's sake, it wasn't like Tony couldn't have handled them on his own--but then he'd nearly been lunch for a pack of saber-toothed tiger-deer (he might have been in his armor, but those fangs looked like they'd be effective can openers) and had, in part, been saved by Steve Rogers swinging a big stick because his shield was still back in New York.
"I had a great day," Steve said. "This was important to you, and so I wanted to be here."
"Of course," Tony mumbled. Then, in a more animated tone, "Come on, don't keep me waiting forever, evil streak or not."
"Fairy Dust Frappuccino," he said. "As much caffeine as a quad espresso, plus sugar. And it's purple."
"Yeah, you might." Tony grinned. "I might have plans to mess you up."
That "we" was encouraging.
Tony's voice was all it took to push Steve over the edge; he groaned again and thrust in one last time before coming.
"Turn it on," Tony suggested. "We might as well get warm."
"Glad you recognize that," Tony said. "And same here, but this isn't so bad either. Probably a good thing, considering how many times we're on opposite sides of the planet."
"That's how you want to play?" he said. "Fine. Ravish me, Captain." He raised his arms, and Steve used one hand to pin them against the wall, while the other wrapped around both their cocks.
Tony sputtered with laughter, and Steve smiled to himself, listening to Tony making plans for them, and realizing that for the first time since he'd come out of the ice, he was looking forward to
"Some of them don't even hate me," Tony agreed. That got a laugh from the rest of the table, even if Steve knew that Tony wasn't entirely joking.
Steve thought about telling Tony he was beautiful, but that still wasn't a thing men did, Steve thought, even when they did this without being afraid of prison and being ostracized, and Steve didn't want to ruin the moment by making Tony explain yet another thing about the twenty-first century to him.
By the time he'd managed to get his eyes open, he'd remembered why he felt like that. He'd gotten incredibly drunk at that charity gala. If Steve hadn't been sitting with him the whole evening, he'd probably have embarrassed himself enough that he'd be on every gossip site on the internet.
Steve laughed at that. "Sorry," he said. "I'm not great at talking about this, but I'm definitely in favor of
"I'd like that," Steve said. "But we don't have to. I mean, we've made a public appearance as a couple tonight, we don't have to do any more."
Enough people wanted him that Steve left New York the morning after the Pride parade and didn't come back until the next Tuesday.
One of the photos Tony had taken of them had been of him kissing Steve's cheek, even, so they were going to look, to the outside, like any other couple.
Steve didn't mind. It was obviously intended to get Steve thinking about all the various other ways Tony could use his tongue, and it was just as obviously working.
"That's a very healthy attitude," she said. "But tell me, how come we hadn't heard about this before now?"
," was all he said.
Tony snorted. "You hate these things, Cap."
"I haven't complained about that in months," Steve said. Besides, it hadn't been much of a complaint then; he'd just thought that a more military environment might instill some of the discipline that the team had lacked. He'd blamed that for the team's breaking up before, but he'd realized by now that he'd been wrong. They might not have the same kind of discipline that a military unit had, but that was fine. What they had worked for them.
Steve laughed. "You're incorrigible." He pushed his fingers in deeper, twisting until he found Tony's prostate. "But if you want something else," he went on, as Tony gasped and squirmed under him, "I've heard that asking nicely works wonders."
Not whatever he and Tony had--Steve was having trouble describing their relationship, because it was such an abnormal situation, but it was fine.
Steve snorted. "Give me a break. I know you better than that."
And he had Tony. Maybe not the way he wanted to, but Tony's friendship, laced with rivalry though it was, had become important to him. He would never have predicted that; when they'd first met, he'd assumed he would be glad to never have to work with, or even see, Tony Stark again.
The sound of the tray hitting the floor had gotten through to Tony, who looked up, swore loudly, and then snapped, "Stop. Initiate shutdown protocols."
Or maybe it was that bad, because Steve's response was, "What?"
Tony's old arc reactor would remain in the pocket dimension Dr. Strange had found, with Ultron trapped inside it.
"Yeah. He made me breakfast. So I guess he can't be that angry at me? Except he's avoiding me, so I figure I did something pretty obnoxious."
"You don't look like a waiter, trust me." Tony looked him over and nodded. "Definitely not a waiter."
"Should I have been subtler?" Even now, Steve was sure that at least three-quarters of Tony's mind was occupied by the beacon. To get through to Tony when he was occupied with a problem, a guy needed to be as subtle as a brick to the back of the head.
Secondly, Tony was angling his hips so that he could rock against Steve, and Steve wasn't the only one who was already hard; Tony's cock pressed into Steve's thigh, and Steve shifted to increase the pressure.
Steve must have grimaced, because Tony laughed. "But that was before I was settled down with someone who definitely isn't a party animal. Don't make that face, Rogers, I was just going to suggest we go get coffee."
"Imagine how good this is going to be when we're both in the same room, then," Tony said, but his voice wavered a little.
Steve recognized the name of the magazine. They'd talked to him and Tony shortly after they'd announced they were dating.
Good thing it would never matter.
Maybe there was someone else Tony was interested in, but couldn't say anything because he didn't want to be the man who two-timed Captain America.
"Fake dating," Steve agreed, as much as he hated to. "Real friends, though. And I'm not going to force you to talk about it. I'm hating this conversation almost as much as you are."
The only difference was that he’d changed from the T-shirt and jeans he’d been working in into a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt that Steve assumed he wore as pajamas. His feet were bare; Steve didn’t know if sleepwalkers didn’t notice cold feet, or if Tony didn't own a pair of slippers. It wasn’t the kind of thing that came up in conversation.
Tony was also half-naked, bent over a table, and being…
Tony looked up, rubbing his eyes and blinking blearily at him. “I’m running my backups, then I’m going to bed. You don’t have to make a fuss over me.”
"No," Steve said. "I mean... it's personal. And, uh, painful." And he was piling lies upon lies, but what else was he supposed to do? He'd like to think that everything he'd said, all the people he'd apparently inspired or encouraged, would still count if he confessed to what he and Tony had done.
Not that Tony said he was angry. It was just so clear to anyone who'd spent as much time watching Tony as Steve had.
Steve's earpiece had gone on the fritz during the battle. That was how he'd gotten that bloody nose and split lip; he hadn't heard Natasha's warning in time.
Steve nodded. "You're probably right," he said. "Having you show up to team training with a miserable hangover would be punishing the whole team, no matter how annoyed I was with you."
Steve shook his head, even though Tony couldn't see him. "I don't need anything," he said. "I just…"
He knew what the forks were for. Back in the forties, before the USO tour, Captain America had been given thorough etiquette lessons, because important people were going to want to have dinner with him. Knowing what to do with the forks wasn't the point. The forks reminding him of a time when he felt like a trained dog being run through its tricks,
"Thanks, Mr. Stark!" the three of them chorused, and scampered off to be someone else's problem for at least forty-five minutes. Maybe longer, if there was a line at the doughnut shop.
"How very gracious of you." Now there was an edge in Tony's voice that hadn't been there when Steve had been gaping at him in shock.
"Posing for dirty pictures?"
Shit. What had he done last night? At least he wasn't a belligerent drunk. He tended more toward "I love everybody in this bar!" Sometimes accompanied by an attempt at a practical, hands-on demonstration.
So maybe everything about this situation wasn't quite perfect.
“Of course it isn’t,” Steve agreed, and then, because there was a warm, hopeful feeling growing in his chest, he added, “You’re so tired you can barely stand up. The only thing you’re capable of doing in my bed is drooling on the pillows.”
It was perfect. Exactly the way Tony liked it. It was even brewed using the beans that Tony kept in his own kitchen, because Hulk was not getting his hands on Tony's custom-roasted blend. The coffee in the communal kitchen was good, but it wasn't this kind of good.
"Maybe not," Tony admitted. "All I feel up for right now is a nap. But it's late and you like to wake up at the crack of dawn, so you probably need sleep, too." Then his grin took on a distinctly wicked cast. "And if you're right there next to me, think about how convenient that's going to be once when we're awake and well-rested."
"Could you--" Steve paused, trying to think how to word this. "I'm still feeling awkward about this. Can you do the same things you're asking me to do? At least right now."
Steve closed his eyes briefly, letting himself imagine Tony with two fingers inside himself, getting himself slick and ready to take that metal cock.
Which was fine, he supposed, because where were they going to go?
He was going to have to say something. Not the full truth, obviously, but something that Steve would believe.
He was getting so used to it that, even though it surprised him when Tony got off the elevator at Steve's floor--"What kind of a date would I be if I didn't walk you to your door?" he'd said, laughing--it surprised him even more when they said good night, and Tony didn't kiss him.
Steve nodded. "I grew up thinking I would never have anything like this," he said. "At least, not in public. The best I could hope for if I fell in love with a man was something in private, a circle of friends who would understand. And now..." He shook his head. "We're riding in a parade. Tony can hold my hand in public, and nothing happens. It's hard to take in sometime."
days. Both in the amount of work we have to do, and how long they're going to feel, knowing what's waiting for me at the other end."
"What?" Steve wasn't sure what there was to mention. Maybe Tony had been gently making fun of his insistence on doing paperwork the old-fashioned way?
Tony abandoned the food immediately, reaching for the mug. The steam rising from it warned him to sip carefully, but if he hadn't been afraid of burning his throat, he'd have gulped it the way he had the water.
"You don't ask me for much," Tony said. "And besides, this is mostly coding. I can work on it in the middle of the night if I can't sleep, without even having to put on pants to go down to the lab."
Steve certainly wasn't going to object to the company. He went into the kitchen to check the refrigerator. The company that ran the employee cafeteria for the lower floors of the tower also kept their refrigerators stocked with prepared or nearly-prepared foods, pitchers of water infused with fruit, iced tea--everything that it could be assumed that the Avengers didn't have time to make for themselves.
"I'm not angry," Steve said. "I'm tired. I had a long night last night, and I got up early. That's all this is, Tony, I swear."
The rest of them had been able to get some sleep, if only a few hours at a time; their part of the mission didn’t start until Sam and Tony’s work was done. But Tony was close to falling over from exhaustion, and if JARVIS’s theory was right, that meant Tony was going to sleepwalk tonight.
"I'm not bored," Steve snapped; so much for not arguing with Tony. "I just need something to keep my hands busy. If I were bored, we wouldn't be doing this. I can't even imagine being bored talking to you."
"It's not like I have a full calendar these days."
Tony chuckled. "I don't usually remember my meetings, let alone yours."
, and even if he didn't watch, he'd be hearing about it soon enough. Steve didn't even want to wait until he was back at the tower to let Tony know what he'd done.
Kate rolled her eyes without even looking up from her chocolate cake. "You were like that at dinner with my parents yesterday," she said.
But Steve wasn't supposed to know that.
His bedroom door opened and Steve came through. "Breakfast?"
cheat?" but, as Steve would have expected, Tony handled those with aplomb, and without putting any blame on Steve.
to hear about how I was imagining that you came into the lab while I was working and told me I needed a break--you know, like you do a couple of times a week? Only instead of telling me I need a nap or a workout, you told me to clear a space on the table, because you didn't want to hear me complaining about it if something got broken, and then to bend over."
"Oh, I've had an opinion," she said. "I can think of at least a dozen ways this is likely to go wrong. But your minds are made up, and I don't waste my time with arguments I'm not going to win. Besides, it's not like I'm opposed to lying to scumbags."
Tony quelled his argument with a look. "Where anyone with the override code could walk in," he amended.
"Did you set up the connection the way I told you to after the first time you called me?"
"What did you think you did?" Steve asked.
Tony didn't answer him. "Hang on, I need to get a picture of this," he said, snapping a photo of a kid walking around in a Captain America costume, ready for Pride with a rainbow shield. He went over and spoke briefly to the two women accompanying the child, showing them his phone and gesturing toward Steve.
On one side of the opening, there was a metal structure mounted into the rock wall; a second glance revealed that it was a heavy sliding metal door, and Tony found a mechanism on the other side that it would lock into. The other side of the door was covered with thin panels of wood that would blend in pretty well with the back wall of the cabin, when closed.
"It's not safe here," Steve said. "You really should leave the area. Even now, there might be something that we missed, or structural damage to the buildings--"
"Too complicated?" Steve asked. "Not worth it?" He didn't know what he'd do if Tony agreed.
"If my people aren't getting you guys the tech you need--"
Steve Rogers was the most infuriating person Tony had ever met, and Tony had loved him--not quite since the day they met, but for nearly that long.
"I'll go get the others," Steve said.
"I thought so," Tony admitted. "I'm well aware that I'm an acquired taste." He grinned at Clint. "But that's not really answering my question. If whatever I did last night was terrible enough that Steve doesn't want to look me in the eye and bailed on our post-training Saturday coffee, uh, appointment--"
He groaned. "I don't feel very in control right now." Tony's words had gone straight to his cock, the picture Tony was painting for him just as appealing to him as it was to Tony.
Two hot dogs and six blocks later, Tony was still complaining about that. "He's not even famous. He's a has-been actor. His career flamed out over a decade ago, Steve, he does
“Some people might think it’s a little creepy that you watch them sleep, you know. Not me, but some people.”
But Steve slid back down on the bed, and Tony drew his knees up higher to give Steve a good view.
He probably just had earphones in and didn't hear Steve's knock. He did that sometimes. Sound traveled weirdly in the tower--there was no reason Steve should be able to hear Hulk's snoring in his own quarters, for example, but he could--and more than one of them had complained that Tony's music kept them awake when they were working late.
"I want," Tony said quickly. "I want--Jesus, Steve, I want
So yes, Tony was trying.
He looked thoughtfully at his sketchbook, then started roughing in a figure, lying on his back on the "ground," his head pillowed on his folded arms, one knee bent.
"We do," Steve agreed, letting the crack about Clint pass unremarked, "but I'm not sure what that has to do with anything."
"Okay, then," Steve said. "For a genius, you come up with some stupid ideas sometimes."
Steve had been getting a snack before turning in for the night when he'd realized that Tony hadn't left the lab today; he'd already been dressed for bed. That was convenient now, since he only had to push his flannel sleep pants down past his hips, giving his half-hard cock a few slow strokes as he looked at Tony.
Steve had used up his entire quota of "shocked" for the day.
on his own, instead of with Steve beside him. Steve had watched from the green room; Tony had followed along with what Steve had said: the break-up was amicable, they were still friends, Steve was one of the finest men Tony had ever known, no one was to blame.
But nobody had been watching, and Tony had kissed him. Steve couldn't even bring himself to ask why, because he was afraid that calling attention to it would make things awkward between him and Tony.
"That was what I was hoping," Steve admitted, "but I have to admit that I'm not sure what to say now."
"I could tell you what I've been sketching lately," Steve suggested. He opened up his sketchbook--a new one, one that was never going to leave this room, unless--until--Tony came back. Then, it might come with him to Tony's. He'd intentionally left the first page blank, just in case someone idly picked it up. Well, not entirely blank. There was no drawing on it, though, just "personal" written in block letters.
So yes, Steve liked that answer, and he nodded, smiling gratefully at Tony. "And I agree with that completely," he said.
"That's great news," Steve said. "I think he mentioned talking to Reed Richards, too," he added, just because he knew that Tony and the leader of the Fantastic Four had a friendly, or at least friendly-ish, scientific rivalry going on.
"Is it that bad?" The words slipped out before Steve could stop them.
But Steve looked amazing. Stunning.
, he texted Tony back.
Steve turned around again; Tony couldn't read his expression. "I think you can make it on your own, can't you? It's not very far."
If Steve would just stop asking questions, that would be great. Tony knew Steve too well to hope for that, though. "It's not business, either. This is totally a personal problem. Nothing for you to worry about."
There was still a little whiskey in Tony's glass. He gulped it down.
"No. Please?"
"No," Tony said quickly. "I mean, yes, I wanted you to, I just didn't think you actually
"He's good for your ego," Natasha volunteered. "Having a little air let out of it every now and then won't hurt you at all."
Steve didn't think he was reading too much into Tony's words when he heard, "
“Well,” Tony said, looking down at his workbench, “this is definitely not even a little bit embarrassing.”
Of course he'd be concerned about Tony doing something that was likely to lead to scandal. Until very recently, Tony's public image had involved equal parts of brilliance and scandal, and it was only natural that Tony's best friend wouldn't want to see him slide back into that.
Clint slurped up the last of his drink. "Sure you didn't fuck up this morning instead?"
"I'd like to see that, too. I want to make you go wild." Tony chuckled. "Maybe even get you to beg a little."
Not that he's going to get the chance to do that.
Annoyed, yes, far too often. Annoyed, frustrated, sometimes outright angry. But never, ever bored.
"Eventually," Tony said. It wasn't like he was going to pine forever. At least, he really hoped not. He doubted it--without any encouragement at all, even just in the form of hope, this was bound to die out sooner or later.
They were probably going to die here, Tony reminded himself, and probably not of old age. The storm, the tiger-deer, the millions of foreign microbes--they weren't going to have to worry about what they were going to do if rescue never came.
They could function without him, but Steve wasn't sure they could thrive. The team was Tony's baby, and even when Steve disagreed vehemently about his leadership, he was an integral part of it.
It must not have been clear enough, because Steve just said, "No, you didn't tell me that. You told me you were trying to avoid someone you--" Steve paused. "Someone you were in love with, who didn't return the feeling. You didn't want to see her all dressed up, looking beautiful, and knowing that she wasn't interested in you."
Tony squeezed his hand again, his thumb rubbing over Steve's skin. It was comforting, even if it made Steve want to feel Tony's touch on more than just his hand. He hoped that the warmth spreading through him from the point where their hands touched wasn't obvious to anyone else. Or at least, not to Tony.
Every photo was carefully chosen, Steve knew. They were presenting an image of a couple who were happily in love with one another, who were enjoying their newfound chance to be together in public.
"You're going to work through the night?"
Even if the way Steve kept looking at him made him think that maybe, just maybe, it'd be okay if he did.
A little voice in the back of Steve's mind said,
"Still," he went on, "that doesn't mean you should rush things."
"Is it that late already?" Tony glanced at his phone. "Guess it is. Thanks, J. Let her know I'm on my way down."
Steve grinned. "Oh. That. I guess I could be there, sure," he teased.
Afterward, Steve gave everyone their notes about what they had done well and what they could do better, but today he did it without making eye contact with Tony. Even when he was specifically talking about how Tony needed to be more aware of where his team members were, he looked straight above the top of Tony's head.
"But we live with two highly trained spies…" He hesitated, then grinned at Steve. "Well, one and a half, depending on whether or not Clint's paying attention."
"More the opposite," he said, taking another drink.
"Hey," Tony said, "we're not really dating, you don't need to nag me about my sleep habits."
"But," Tony continued, and Steve felt the tension seep out of his shoulders, because now Tony was waving a hand in the air, and his face had lost that weird stillness, "it's fine. I'm fine. That was a while ago, and it's okay, I'm good now."
If the way Tony began to thrust into Steve's fist was any indication, that was exactly what Tony had wanted from him.
When Steve had a moment to look down, he saw that Tony was on his feet, still in the battle even if his suit was too damaged for him to fly.
"I can hear you, Cap," Tony said. Steve wondered if he was imagining things, or if there really was an undercurrent of strain in Tony's voice. Tony had spent a lot of the day reassuring his former teammates--no, not "former"; Tony was still an Avenger even if he wasn't here on Earth now--that he was doing just fine there, but Steve was only partly joking about that dimension sounding like Tony's personal hell, especially since he was alone. As far as Steve had ever been able to tell, Tony only liked to be alone when he was working.
