Cas broke the kiss, throwing his head back onto the couch, trembling, already becoming beyond turned on by Dean's magical fingers.
"He will be," she promised, having news to inform them "but he's not awake due to the swelling of his brain we won't know of any of his conditions until he wakes up."
Once breakfast was over Dean left while Cas explored more in the house, looking through everything. He felt like it was snooping, but he apparently lived here so it's not?
Meg groaned throwing her hands into her slightly knotted hair "I just needed to have an orgasm. You know I don't like fingering myself. You weren't around to satisfy me. I couldn't lick down there so I needed someone to do it. Uriel was available."
That hasn't come up "No, we have a plan to visit where we got married hoping that will spark something."
Charlie like always let herself into Dean's house, having a key that Cas actually made when she asked him to, years back.
"Go about your daily routine," as Charlie would tell any amnesia patient "go down memory lane it will help you remember."
Hurrying out from behind the counter, Castiel quickly made his way over to her, placing her order down “sorry about the wait” he apologized.
Dean couldn’t argue with that he could picture it “But yeah, Sammy I will help you.” He knew Sam would do the same for him someday, if he could ever find someone to ever settle down with.
Dean would never think about giving his baby up, that would be so offensive “No she’s my pride and joy. When she needs a fix up, I fix her. She’s been good for me.”
She nodded “I am! We finally made it. It feels like yesterday we graduated 8th grade worried that we will get thrown into lockers when we became freshmen”
In this moment, everything felt right in the world, Cas couldn't describe what his body was feeling, it felt good.
Dean didn't have to be told twice, pulling down his own pants in a hurry to get back to Cas. He climbed on top of the him to kiss his way up his neck, swiping his tongue over the skin beneath his ear to wet the area before nipping at it.
Sighing, he began to strip down and step into the shower to run the hot water through his hair and down his body. Hopefully that would wake him up until it was time to dry off and get the blue bottle in the cabinet above the sink that was filled with his anti-depressants. He had to take one every morning due to obviously depression that he had since he was a kid. He swallowed one taking one big gulp of water, even though he never knew why his doctor still made him take them. He felt like they never worked, but that’s just his opinion
Dean told punched in the six numbers "I am very protective of my baby. If someone broke in and even looks at her I would gank their asses"
She gave him a warning "Don't you dare throw me in!" She meant it when she said she liked being dry.
"Sure, Baby," going over to a draw to find a pair of black fluffy handcuffs and a blue flurry fair. getting out handcuffs they been using.
Mr. Winchester or Dean explained what they would be doing today as they were going to work on a small machine before working up to bigger ones.
“We’re here, come on” getting out of his side, Cas followed his lead climbing out to be met with the wind whistling through the tall trees and small bushes.
She gave him a look “Take a look yourself” walking away from him to give the customer what they ordered.
Dean nodded "I did. You really like my lasagna you used to tell me that it was better than your moms."
Charlie sighed, not really having the energy for it. "No" she laid her head on the pillow behind her.
They pulled into the school parking lot to find a spot. As his mind went back to Dean due to the fact that Dean and he will eventually exchange books to read if Dean remembers.
She sighed before answering him "He's breathing, but he hit his head pretty hard. He's being prepped for emergency surgery. I insisted to help out so I have to go just get here."
Dean threw off his shirt going for his pants and boxers next, trying to get naked as fast as possible.
Sam made a disgusted face "Oh man, no! That is not what I mean. I meant you make Cas watch all these movies with you, you can't make me!" Sam wasn't really into those movies like Dean was.
Cas could feel wet tears falling from his eyes "Yes, Dean I'll marry you." he didn't even hesitate there was no possible other answer to that question.
Sam made a small chuckle escape his lips “If I brought her with me, she wouldn’t be able to keep this a secret, she would tell Jess accidently.”
The radio was surprisingly low as Cas spoke up "Did you tell me where we were going the first time?"
She could have almost dropped her ice cream "Yes, oh my God yes! Of course, I'd be honored to do this for you guys!" She loved them so much, and would do anything for them.
In the waiting room, Sam took a seat with his leg shaking worried about his brother in law. He also knew he should keep Eileen informed about what was going on, so he took out his phone to text his wife about Cas.
"Bother me?" Cas sounded offended "I was worried about you all day. I want to help you please talk to me."
Cas now had the ring to put on her 'soon to be husband' Dean's left ring finger "Dean, take this ring as a sign of my love and my fidelity in the name of the father the son and the Holy Spirit."
Cas had repeat after the priest, staring into Dean's eyes like nobody else was here "I, Cas take you Dean for my lawful husband to have and to hold from this day forward for better for worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do us part"
Mr. Winchester wasn’t even taken back by this because such thing like this always happened to him, even at the old school he had the girl student’s drooling at the sight of him. He even expected more girls to be transferred into his class by the end of the week due to his ‘good looks’ the thing is that it didn’t make him cocky. He got that he was good looking, but on the inside Dean was insecure about himself always beating himself up about something. “Can you say something about yourself?”
"That was the best kiss I ever had," Cas expressed honestly, he didn't feel this way when Meg kissed him "I don't think," he kissed him "I want to stop" he kissed him. His body was doing things to him, knowing what this man does to him, that his mind didn't remember.
"Is it his money that's why you're with him? You are pretending to be gay?" She has to think of possibilities.
In the class, he didn’t even take notice that Dean kept looking at him concerned the second Cas walked into the room, he did not look okay. Cas seemed a little out of it. He didn’t expect him to be here today. He didn’t know or see what happened to him this morning.
"Yeah we do" Dean finally spoke up, feeling himself getting irritated at the sight of her "now if you excuse us."
Dean shot back "Other than our marriage?" his voice slightly rising, seeing that Cas didn't take off the ring.
Castiel couldn’t even believe what he was hearing, yes, this man was gorgeous, but why were these girls so horny?
Having the fresh air hit his face and his car beep to tell him it is locked, Charlie and Castiel made their way towards Sioux Falls High, the big reddish-brown building with a big banner over the front staircase that read “Welcome back, Lions”- their mascot.
"Benny, what the fuck?" Dean was out with his friend as he spotted Cas with that bitch who he thought he would never see again.
Dean took his eyes off the big screen tv to look at his much bigger brother, "Uh no, it would be so wrong...and gross if you did. I don't want to kiss you."
"I'm actually glad to see you" he meant it; it was refreshing to finally be around somebody that he knows besides Charlie of course.
Cas looked between the two of them standing there. His head was pounding and his thoughts felt so foggy like a cloud of mist filling most of his brain, unable to reach memories "I don't have a husband nor a brother in law."
Sam slowly rose from the couch to stretch "Yeah I know. See you later" as he walked away and towards the large staircase where the guest room waited for him.
After that conversation Dean found Cas in his office looking around at his work before the accident "Can we talk?"
Catching a glimpse of himself in the mirror- his hair was all over the place and had bags under his eyes.
All Castiel’s classes were going smoothly, I mean it was the first day anyway. Then it came time for the mechanics.
It wasn’t long before they arrived at the bar, costumers already there and have been drinking for a while. Dean was going to help out behind the bar tonight with Benny and Jo. Ash was asleep on the pool table, which was a usual thing.
"Yay" Charlie was thrilled this was working out "well I was telling Cas that he could be free to go home by tomorrow."
Castiel spent most of the day in the nurse’s office, he was pretty dizzy for some time causing him to throw up twice as he laid down with an ice pack on his nose. She wanted him to go home, but Cas refused to go home besides Charlie was his ride home. By lunch time he was starving and wanted to go eat lunch with his friends. The nurse checked him out again to see that his dizziness was in fact gone, however if he needed to, he had to come back immediately. Thankful that she let him free, he left. He didn’t feel that great and the expression he showed proved that, but he wanted out of the nurse’s office after so many hours.
Cas wanted to change out of his shirt, jeans, and jacket to be more comfortable. There weren't any dressers in their room so he looked for a door he would assume be their closet. There was one on one side of their bedroom and one parallel to the other wall. 50/50 chance - Cas went to the left to find the biggest marble bathroom he ever seen in his life. This clearly wasn't a closet, but might as well shower, he just wanted to get clothes first. He went to the other room to reveal a walking closet that was as big as their bedroom. There was jean, shorts, t shirts, long sleeves, fancy clothes, bathing suits, robes, hoodies, hats and jackets hung up both sides so he figured one side had to be his and the other one had to be Dean's. Which one was his? He doesn't know. He had to take a guess getting a pair of sweatpants, a short sleeve, and a hoodie to get dressed.
The next thing Cas heard was students laughing, Charlie giggling as she held him up in a friendly way not like the others were, and Channing apologizing thinking it was her fault that this happened. “Castiel, I am so sorry I didn’t see you there.”
"If he is there" Charlie was thinking about this "They are probably just talking. He won't leave you for her. This is hard for him, Dean you need to be patient and continue to help him remember. Before you know it, she will be out of his life again. I'm going to help take him out too and check on his progress okay? It'll all work out and be fine." She went in for a hug and kissed his cheek in a friendly way.
Cas can see why Dean was into mechanics, he saw he loved cars and loved this one. “I get it, I got attached to my car. My friend’s hate it, but I like it.”
Dean led him to the dining room "Sam and his wife are staying here for a while. Let me introduce you to Eileen. Just to let you know she's deaf, but she can read lips so look at her when you're talking." He knew her already, but with his memory, he doesn't remember her.
Sam could clearly tell he did, he gets it, being away from Eileen a little less than an hour and he misses her, but separation is a good thing in healthy relationships. "I can see that. He will be back before you know it."
Cas smiled at her "it's one of her many kinks," he grabbed the other cuffs to hold his other hand down.
Cas stared at her, is she hearing what she is saying?" Are you kidding me? As if that makes any better."
Sam blinked a few times wanting any image of his brother doing anything with his brother in law out of his head "Oh come on man, gross"
Cas was pretty much in pain unable to breathe through his nose at the moment, never expecting a ball to actually get him right in the face.
Dean had an idea in mind "I was thinking Bronco Billy or Pale Rider or maybe even Space Cowboys that's a good one!"
Luckily Cas isn’t a loner. He does have amazing friends. His best friend is a lesbian named Charlie, who have been friends since Kindergarten sharing crayons. The two of them also hang out with goofy Garth, who carries around a sock puppet named Mr. Fizzles, and Advanced Placement Kevin.
Cas continued ignoring that compliments "Although the best was Charlie finally getting the courage to ask out Stevie, she couldn't stop telling me how many times they hooked up that night."
"Really? That's great, Cas" Well shit, Dean wasn't expecting that but was thrilled "about memories coming back, so okay does that mean we don't have to see her ever again?"
"I remember" Dean did in fact remember "two cheeseburgers, two large fries, and ten-piece chicken nuggets with two large root beers, good with that?"
Dean and Cas liked the ones that didn't reveal the flavors "This is our thing, that's the fun of it like pie Russian roulette. We'd be surprised by the ones we like the ones we didn't like." Yes, there are not many but a few pie flavors Dean didn't like.
The drunk driver on the other hand, skidded away from Castiel's car running right into a tree. From the impact the tree cut in half crushing down into the truck.
Cas looked at him confused "If this is ours then you should sleep in here. I don't want to kick you out of your own bedroom. I don't remember it" he'd feel bad.
“If that’s what you think” Castiel laughed “Now let’s get up”” patting her shoulder “you slept long enough”
He got off work late last night. Cas works at a little coffee shop a few blocks away from where he lives in walking distance. He been there for the past two years. Getting this job thanks to Charlie, who got a job there before he did. Sometimes they have the same shift, sometimes they don’t.
Dean couldn’t help but think of Cas and he didn’t know why, but he seemed like a good kid. In a not so weird way, Dean was always friendly with student’s platonically of course that is why he had them call him Dean. He wanted to be the cool teacher not the strict one.
"Uh," Cas was unsure what to choose, he didn't really know anyone else's preference "Is I don't know, the first Avenger movie okay to watch?"
"Oh, I won't throw you in" Cas was not going to be that mean to her. Instead he climbed in placing her down as the water washed down on them drenching them in the process. Charlie splashed him turning into a splashing fight making it a lot of fun. She figured she was already wet, so might as well laugh about it.
Other students said they like to drive, listen to music, love the beach, play video games, likes science, making up their own choreography, and going to the gym.
"A gentleman always rings the bell and it's walks his date to the car" Dean did during their first date "You look amazing by the way."
Dean's heartbeat was beating so fast seeing Cas beginning to lean in forward. Dean grabbed onto his husband's waist, leaning in as well. They were like magnets ready to connect. Dean gently pressed his lips to Castiel's causing him to take a sharp intake of breath. He didn't fight him, melting into the kiss as if it was their first kiss...well for Cas it was. Cas kissed him back slowly savoring the soft and warm texture of Dean's lips. Sparks exploding in every color soaring through every inch of his strong big body, it was almost intoxicating.
Dean got out his wallet, "I got it" putting their items together, giving her his card "Yes, you introduced me to her after our third date and we became friends."
Castiel pulled off his seatbelt, asking “You want me to go to work on a day off?” not that he minded.
"No, I haven't," Dean had been too busy going back and forth with Sam and worrying about food that it was the last thing on his mind.
Dean wasn’t going to go in the lounge and hang out, he would have just eaten in his private locker room, but he shrugged “Yeah maybe, I better go. I have to teach students how to fix things.”
Castiel started to walk out of the room “get up and get ready. It’s our senior year, last year of being a high school student. Lets’ gets it started so it can come to an end.” He went to walk out but stopped, turning around “I’ll make breakfast I hope you like cereal” He didn’t wait for her to answer. He left, walking back into the creamed colored hallway and down the stairs to the stainless-steel kitchen. Charlie’s parents weren’t home, they must have left already having early hours.
For his big finish, Dean stood up with his arms raised" And he's watching us all with the eye of the tiger."
Meg wasn't seeing Uriel anymore "Uriel was a mistake. People make mistakes that should be forgiven."
"Hey, Sammy" Dean greeted, glancing to see that Sam was alone, no Eileen by his side "Where is Eileen?"
Castiel felt slightly taken back to see him again and for the love of god seeing those eyes again “Hello, Castiel”
She saw the look of surprise "He told me all about the accident and how he does not remember you. He remembers me so I have a chance."
Cas glanced at the pictures from when he was a baby "I started with the early years which was easy then I'm trying to remember the last memory I had before everything went black."
His breathing was getting heavy, placing his head in his hands. He's strong, it took a lot to finally say 'that's enough! You're hurting me. It's time you got justice for this.' He feared coming home to hit every night, pot, pans, and plates getting thrown at him. It was torture. After all this time Dean thought he was free from all of that. It was in the past now. He's here again. Does he live in town? Will he be looking for them? "This can't be happening"
He loved his job, he really does, but the worst part is having to travel from time to time being away from Dean. He was giddy to see his handsome husband, kiss him, and to be intimate.
"How are you working here right now? I thought you were interning at Onlook Hospital?" Last time he checked she wasn't fully a nurse just yet.
The last week of summer was officially over and it was back to school. Don’t get him wrong he loves to learn, testing his knowledge to broaden his horizons, but he hated it because of the jocks that got a joy out of throwing slushies’ in his face, picking him up to put throw into dumpsters, shoving him, tripping him, punching, kicking- you name it! Luckily, he had Charlie, Kevin, and Garth to call his friends. They were in the category of nerds and getting shoved, but never got a bad beating like Cas did.
"I'm alright, Cas just..." He felt Cas grab his hand as he looked up to look into those blue eyes of his. He took a deep breath in and exhaled before his tone turned serious "There is something I need to tell you and ask."
It was a little awkward for both of them. Cas doesn't know who he is. Dean knows Cas, but knows that Cas doesn't know him.
As Sam added in "Dean can easily eat an entire large pie by himself, I mean I could too and some more, so we usually get a lot of pizza." Placing an arm around Eileen on the couch.
"No," he didn't give a shit "I had enough. You can't just think you can come into my life and change me just because I had an accident."
Cas had an answer “Just like you I needed another elective and it seemed like a challenge, so I figured give that a try, I didn’t feel like taking art, or crafts, things like that too easy.”
Waiting for Jo to hurry up and be ready to leave, going to the Road House, Dean was laying across the front seat of his beloved Baby when ‘Eye of the Tiger’ started to blast through the radio:
His coworker Noelle was the one who pinched him. She was a college student working part to help pay for her college.
"Do you remember what happened to you?" he shook his head no "you were driving home and was hit by a drunk driver. You hit your head pretty bad."
Charlie smacked his arm "Of course you would, but I have to say it was a great wedding, the night ended in heaven."
Dean watched Cas closely as he hesitantly walked into the spacious living room to notice a long L shaped gray couch with the biggest flat screen TV he's ever seen parallel on the wall. There were two love seats on either side of the couch and a nice sized coffee table.
Seeing them stare down each other, it was making Cas feel uneasy "Uh, Meg maybe you should go and I'll see you sometime soon? I kind of want to see what I can make for Dean when he gets home."
She smiled small as she sat down on the bed. Charlie relieved in a way that he at least remembered her, but his math was off, they knew each other for twenty-one years.
"I don't know, Sammy," Dean didn't really know, Charlie said he's going into surgery. We have to go."
He could tell he is seconds from coming undone, continuing to thrust but harder this time to help him along. "Dean" Cas whimpered out like a beautiful song, shooting a huge load into his mouth with the intensity of the orgasm nearly blacking him out.
Silence fell between us for a moment along with a weird feeling filling up his stomach. Cas can’t say it is a weird feeling but a pleasant one. He couldn’t explain it. He didn’t feel uncomfortable at all. It was nice. “so, uh’ Cas broke the silence away “This is a nice car” he had to admit. He didn’t see anything like it.
When everyone was gone, Cas slowly walked over to where Dean was leaning, keeping a distance. “What do you need to see me for?”
"I do, Sam here had a little affair going on with Ruby many years ago." She turned back to Sam "She moved here with me"
Castiel leaned up against his car watching all the students and staff escape from school. It took a few long minutes until he finally spotted Charlie, who made her way over to him. Castiel stood up straight and headed for the driver’s side “Finally, what took so long?”
Jo was keeping a close eye, she didn’t like seeing Lisa back here, she never liked her and from the looks of it she still had the hots for Dean.
"So, come home with me and we can figure this out together" Dean wanted nothing more than for Castiel to come back home and work on getting their memories back.
Cas came first, his thrusts becoming erratic as he started to cum, moaning out "Dean" his eyes were dotted with stars.
After Charlie was dropped off and he parked his car in the driveway, Castiel took a nice and quiet walk finding himself at work. ‘Coffee with the Collins’ is the name of the shop he worked eat. It’s not too big and not too small. It was a nice shop with wooden chairs, wooden booths with red cushions on them, red couches against the walls, walls with pictures of different places all around the world hung up, and a marble counter top with lots of delicious scones, cookies, pies, and muffins. The wall behind the counter had two white boards. One of them had quotes that change every month. The manager has each employee write quotes. She thought it would be a nice thing to do as we find customers do read them. The quote I wrote this month was by JK Rowling “It’s our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” The other board was the menu of all the types of coffees and foods we serve. This place does make good business. You could say it was almost like a real life ‘Central Perk’ we had our regular who hung out using their laptops and/or read as they enjoyed what they ordered. The Job wasn’t glamorous, but I was good enough for a student trying to make some money even if it wasn’t a lot. Besides Castiel liked the smell of freshly brewed coffee.
“You won’t be working though” She reminded him, “just hang out with your favorite girl.” They did spend a lot of time together.
Castiel was listening to them right up until something or someone rather caught his eye drowning his friends out.
The room felt like it was miles away before being brought in a private room to find machines hooked up to Cas laying there in a hospital gown with a bandage wrapped around his head to cover up the surgery; a male doctor was looking at the machines.
Castiel followed his lead doing the same thing facing Dean “So why did you take me here?” trying not to sound like he had a problem with it.
“Do I know this nobody?” Dean was being a curious ‘older brother.’ Who is she into? Is he a nice guy?
Bobby visits for a few hours. He berates Dean a bit for the binge drinking, but he doesn’t seem surprised. When he tries to ask about Cas, Sam shakes his head pointedly. Dean’s grateful but annoyed. But when Sam leaves the room when Eileen calls, Bobby rips the band-aid off.
Dean pulls away. “No, he didn’t! He didn’t know! He said, he said the one thing he wanted, he couldn’t have. And I couldn’t say anything. I couldn’t even tell him he was wrong.”
Dean watches the bubbling black hole tear through the air in front of him as the portal opens. Jack shuts his eyes as he ends the incantation; Dean can see the kid’s eyes glowing behind his eyelids.
“I know,” Bobby says, his voice gentle, soft. “I know it hurts. I know it’s hard. I’m not forcing you to move on. That’ll take time. He was important to you. And that’s hard to let go of.”
The sun is high in the sky over the field as Dean drives them up the dirt road to the old barn. It looks worse in the light, but it’s been twelve years, too. The clock on the dash reads 9:58 as Dean cuts the engine.
At those words Dean vehemently shakes his head in panic which he regrets only seconds later due to the still very present pounding. But the thought of Cas seeing and, more importantly, hearing what happened in the last, he doesn´t even know how many, days makes him wanna puke. Or preferably die. Dead people don´t have to talk. Normally. Though that does not seem to apply to their life. He´s seen plenty of dead people talk. Not just dead people for that matter.
The floor is cold. And hard. Especially if one spends the night on it. Deen groans as he heaves himself up to the bed and groans even loader when he hits his head on the head side of his bed. Immediately footsteps come rushing to his door. "Dean? Is everything alright?" Sam´s voice comes through the closed door with a short knock on the same.  Dean supresses a third groan and sits up. "Yeah Sammy, I`m fine!" Dean answers through gritted teeth while he rubs his yet again pounding head. Of course he is not at all fine. The short but very exhausting journy through memory lane had left him shivering and crying on the floor for hours before he fell asleep right there on the spot. Not one of his proudest moments, as his father´s voice in his head didn´t fail to remind him last night. Cas hadn´t come in or bothered him but Dean had been able to hear him pacing around in front of his bedroom door. It makes his heart clench painfully when he remembers
. As soon as the thought crosses his mind, he shoves it back where it came from. No it´s not home. It can never be home. He´s running away from a lie. Because it was a lie, right? They lied about this, there´s no way that is. If anything, he´s running away from Cas. Or more specifically, he´s running away from his feelings.
he repeats in his head, over and over in the rythm of the pounding pain. He understands now, why the angels had let him go. They knew he wouldn´t tell them where Cas is or pray to him so he´d come rushing through the door. So they let him go, with a broken mind, forcing him to relieve every single thing he had to endure in the last three month. Knowing, if he´d finally snapped, he would kill everyone and everything he ever loved. But he won´t let that happen. Before that, he would kill himself. So he´ll just have to keep it together. Keeping the memories in check long enough until they get to strong again. Dean can already feel them, lingering right behind the surface. Waiting for him to make a mistake. Waiting for him to break. And he´s just so tired. Dean lowers his hands and wraps himself in his blanket. He knows what´s about to come. Somewhere outside his room, a door bangs. "Oh great Cas is back", he murmurs, but his mind is already too far gone, to acknoledge the words with a thought or to realize what they mean. He closes his eyes and he falls, falls, falls...
is someone could be blamed with. And it won´t do any good if he starts snapping at the only person who is as worried about Dean as he is, perhaps even more. But the constant movement is really starting to get on Sam´s nerves. Especially since Castiel started the pacing again. Castiel knows that. But for some reason, he just can´t keep his feet still. Because he feels like they´re running out of time here. That would be a cruel kind of irony! The man who is always running, runs out of time. “Would you please – “, Sam starts a complain, meant to stop the angel when he´s interrupted by a loud clunk. A sound that is definitely coming from Dean´s bedroom. Castiel stops dead in his tracks and without a word necessary they both rush outside the room.
. He watched as the man in front of him sat on an ornate bed lamenting the fight he had with his brother who drank demon blood by the quart. He watched as Dean was filled with hate for his situation, regret for Sam, shame, anger, and guilt. The bright soul burned, but around it swirled so many bleak emotions it made Castiel dizzy with its impact.
I do not own Supernatural or any other TV Shows, Books, Movies, Websites, and/or Songs referenced in this tale.
Cas shakes his head. “No, I suppose we cannot.” He looks to the ceiling. “Okay, so let’s strike that thought.”
There was an abandoned warehouse Castiel knew of, one he investigated, thinking that place would be safe. He placed sigils along the perimeter, in an attempt to hide it. Sigils that would hopefully keep them out, but allow him in.
Castiel ponders, allowing the words to absorb into the forefront of his grace. “I understand. We are equipped with knowing what to do based on emotion.”
Cas looked flushed as well, which was an interesting look on an angel, neither one looked at each other.
After the wedding, and realizing he was in fact all alone, he tried to make the best out of a bad situation. And the best meant beer, lots and lots of beer.
Cas thought about his deal with the empty and closed his eyes. If he told Dean now, then Dean would reject him, and then he knew his happiness would never come to fruition and he could exist with Jack for eternity. However long their eternity would be. They still had to fight Chuck. And who knew who would survive that fight? But could he risk alienating Dean when they had such a terse battle ahead?
Not the truth, a quip, which was very Uriel. Cas would roll his eyes, if he knew how to make his vessel cooperate. He interrupts again, agitated with Uriel’s inability to just tell the truth.
Dean allows his hand to travel further up Cas’s shirt, tracing along his flank, his ribs, his chest. He removes his hand and allows his fingers to slip ever so slightly into the waistband of Cas’s jeans, eliciting a small gasp that floods Dean with more warmth than a bottle of Jack ever could.
Thank you so, so much for reading. I appreciate each and every one of you so much. Your comments, kudos, bookmarks, and subscriptions have gotten me through many a rough day.
Dean’s eyes were so earnest, so bright, so trusting, that Cas all but melted. He swallowed and gets lost in the green.
Uriel turns to his brother, malice in his many eyes. “I know not why we are to destroy this city, Castiel, I only intend to follow through with my orders.”
Now Dean lifts a pointer finger towards his son. “Past me is right about the sweets, kid. You’re staying for dinner so you can get at least one vegetable in you.”
“I do not believe it is material wealth that brings them joy, sister.” He bends to look at the grass beneath his feet. He notices clover beginning to bloom, and steps back. He watches as a bee gathers pollen from the clover his grace caused to bloom. He follows its flight to its hive with one of his faces, his others trained on his sister.
Oh, how the Seraph wants to give him the five minutes, nay an eternity to make peace with his brother. But he can’t. It would ruin everything the angels,
He sees Dean standing in front of a type of beverage dispenser and can read the disappointment and distrust in the way he carries his shoulders. Almost as if he were expecting to be let down.
Castiel felt so at ease in this moment, he wanted to remember this and the way Dean was looking at him, nothing else mattered.
"I fight for what I believe in. You got him to once again kick his mother out of his life." Meg argued into the cold night in town "I'm the last hope and saving him from you."
"You don't need to apologize," Cas stood up, slowly walking towards Cas "Yesterday I had time to think and I would like to try something after I kissed Meg."
Castiel didn't mind "It is a bit, yes" his eyes scanning the room until it landed on a plank of a paper hanging on the wall "Hey Dean?"
Castiel’s eyes were already wide “Charlie!” he wasn’t made more embarrassed. “I don’t have a crush.”
Cas let out a small chuckle "well yeah, De, but I finished up what I had to do here early so that I'd be able to come home to you faster."
"I don't know about that" She was making faces behind his head as she cut his hair "I mean I feel like this is your chance to start over and start a new path, make better memories."
Dean felt nauseous, he couldn't make eye contact with either of them. "Cas, after all this time?.....I'm your husband, you promised." He gulped, trying to not break down in front of them.
The very next day, Dean was the first one awake making breakfast: waffles for Cas. He would've made some Sam and Eileen, but they already left for work.
Dean and Sam turn. Jack stands in the doorway, looking radiant in his new position as sort-of God, but also just the same.
People trickle in and out of their lives for the next few weeks, either over the phone or stopping by the bunker for a drink and company. Jody and Donna call, and Sam and Dean talk to them and the girls. Claire (unsurprisingly) asks after Cas, and Sam gracefully takes control of the conversation, briefly and gently explaining to her what happened so Dean doesn’t have to. Dean swallows down the lump in his throat and drains his beer. At the end of the call, Claire tells Dean she’s sorry about Cas. Shocked both by her kindness and the grief that overtakes him at her words, he stammers out his thanks and excuses himself from the room. Miracle trails after him. “Good boy,” he murmurs shakily. Miracle wags his tail.
hurts. Without him. I can’t focus long enough on anything, not even getting blackout drunk. And I know I’ve lost him before, and it always felt like the last time, but he always came back. But I know he can’t now. I’m trying my
Miracle lets her pet him for a few minutes, at one point glancing back at Dean and almost looking like he was smiling. Dean would feel almost jealous, if not for the fact that he’s a
“Are you fucking with me?” Bobby says, gruff tone back in his voice. Dean flinches involuntarily at the shift.
“Prayer,” Sam says, figuring it out faster than Dean. “He listens to you, Dean. He always has. The Empty’s not going to be able to lie to him if he can hear you keeping the truth in his head. That he’s wanted, that he’s cared for, that he’s needed here.”
“The barn,” Dean says. “The barn where Bobby and I summoned Cas. The night we met.” Dean looks at Eileen apologetically; he knows the signs for about three of the words he said. Eileen looks at Sam, who translates rapidly. Dean vows to learn more sign language.
Sam and Eileen enter the war room, Miracle at their heels. Miracle sees the bag on Dean’s back, and shuffles his feet, whining a little. Dean sighs, kneeling down and clicking his tongue. Miracle comes to him and he scratches the dog’s face.
Miracle licks his face, and Dean grimaces. “Hey, stop that,” he says, wiping his cheek and pretending to be disgusted. He’s not.
“Dean.” Cas says, in the same tone. And then Cas is on his knees, too, and he’s saying, “I heard you. Every word. You saved me. Thank you.”
“I’ll have you know Miracle is very intelligent!” Dean calls back. He hears Sam’s laugh as it echoes down the hallway. Dean looks at Miracle. “So, pup,” he says as he opens the laptop; Miracle cocks his head. “Do you think Jack brought back the vamps?”
The beer in his mouth tastes like the last time Cas died, and the last time, and the time before that. The sky is like his eyes and the wind through the trees sounds like those wings that used to follow Dean, those wings that used to precede Cas’s arrival. The smallest things have Dean tumbling into that vortex of his memory labeled ‘Castiel’: a bee buzzing past as Dean gets out of the car, a trenchcoat in any color on anyone, the scent that hangs in the air just after a rainstorm.
“Whatever the Empty is telling you right now, you gotta stop listening. It’s not true. It wants to keep you there, so it’s lying to you, and it knows it’s lying.”
Dean reaches desperately for Cas, and it feels like an unbearable eternity before his hands close the small space between them, clutching the lapels of Cas’s trenchcoat and pulling him closer. His hands, shaking, move up to cradle Cas’s face when the angel is close enough. “I love you. Cas, I love you so much.”
, he signs, choking on the spoken words. He reaches out to give her a hug and kiss her cheek. He turns and walks away to give them time to say good-bye, gathering anything he thinks they might need. Phone, charger, gun, knife, angel blade, random spell components. He packs a flask, just in case Cas doesn’t-- he won’t let himself think that. Just in case.
“Shh, buddy,” he whispers. “I’ll be back soon, okay? You be good for Eileen. We’re gonna bring home another friend for you. How does that sound? You’ll love him.”
. He focuses on that love, and wills himself to let it out, to unlock that box in his heart where he’s kept it for so long.
“Jack?” Dean says aloud. There’s no response. The rest of the message slowly begins to make sense to Dean, and he grabs his phone, opening the GPS as fast as he can. He types in the locations: Pontiac, IL and Lebanon, KS. 10 hours. It’s 11:38pm. If they don’t get a move on, they won’t make it.
Sam and Jack set up the sigils, and then Jack begins the ritual. Dean tries to think of what he could possibly say to get Cas to ignore the Empty’s taunts, to lead him to the portal and back home. He knows what he needs to say, but he’s not sure he can do it. But he has to.
,” Bobby starts. He takes a breath, seemingly more than ready to continue, but Sam cuts in, walking back to the table.
Dean stares at the handwriting for a long moment, trying to convince himself it’s a prank. But the only people in the bunker would never hurt him like this, and Miracle doesn’t have any thumbs. It’s real. Jack was here.
And then the portal ripples and rumbles and two hands reach out. Dean can’t move, but Jack and Sam spring into action, rushing to the portal and each grabbing one arm and pulling. In a moment, Cas is stumbling out of the Empty, in front of Dean. Jack shuts the portal with a word before Cas can lose his balance and fall back in. They help him steady himself. He thanks them. Dean is still on the floor, staring up at Cas’s perfect, wonderful, beautiful face, unable to look away. Distantly, he feels the tears still streaming down his face, but all he sees is Cas. Cas can’t seem to look away from him, either. Sam and Jack move away, out of sight, but Dean barely registers them.
Dean grabs the note and launches himself out of the chair, sprinting for Sam’s room. “Sam! Sam!” Sam’s door flies open before Dean reaches it, and Sam and Eileen stumble out. They’re fully clothed, thankfully, but looking startled.
And to Dean, that feels worse. That there isn’t a single moment. For all he knows, what Chuck and Hester had said to him is true: that the moment Cas touched his broken and frayed soul in Hell, he had fallen in love. It is worse because the answer to how long could easily be
Dean opens and closes his mouth like a fish, trying to speak around the lump that’s crept back up. He takes a drink from his beer nervously. Bobby’s eyes are intense but concerned. Miracle plops his head in Dean’s lap. Dean reaches down to scratch his head. “I’m falling apart, Bobby,” he says, voice soft from the honesty, from the pain, cracking towards the end. He swallows again. “I’m trying to hold it together, for Sam, for everyone else, for me, but I’m drowning. Everything…
.” Miracle walks over and sits down beside Dean’s chair, looking up at Dean and practically grinning, and then looking at Sam. Dean nods at the dog. “Miracle won’t let anything happen to me.” Miracle wags his tail, as if in agreement, and Dean gestures at the dog to prove his point. Sam rolls his eyes and shakes his head.
“Cas,” he says gruffly, trying to forget Jack and Sam are in the barn with him, pretending it’s just him and Cas. “You better have your ears on, man. This is important.
. It’s a terrifying thought, on both sides. But it feels right, fitting. But Cas is dead and it doesn’t matter when either of them realized, because Cas will never know, and Dean will never be able to tell him.
, and I was terrified of that. I was trying to beg you not to summon the Empty, not to sacrifice yourself, because,” his entire body shudders with a sob, and he continues, his voice shaking like a leaf, “because I didn’t want to lose you again. Because I love you, too, Cas. And I’m so sorry I’ve been too much of a coward and an idiot to tell you that when I had the chance. Please come back. Anything the Empty says is a bunch of lies. I love you. I need you. Come home.
They sit at the table and visit for a few hours. Dean makes burgers and Sam pours the wine Eileen brought. It feels almost normal, but Dean across the room can just see the wooden table in the library, where just a few weeks ago he and Sam carved in two more names, the two that are missing.
it. And whatever happens, Cas deserves to know. “Cas, I’m so sorry I just stood there like an idiot. You were pouring your heart out and risking everything to admit it, and I said nothing. All I could say was ‘don’t do this,’ and I’m so scared you think I was telling you not to tell me you love me. That’s not what I meant. I knew I was losing you, that I was losing you
No, not somehow. It’s worse because it’s different. Cas loves him, and no one, not even Jack, can save him, and Cas was taken and Dean couldn’t process fast enough to reply. Cas loves him and the Empty took him without knowing Dean loves him
. The sun shines a little brighter, the sky is a little bluer, the grass and trees a little greener.
“Have you been here since that night?” Sam asks. Dean shakes his head; his heart is in his throat as he grabs the duffel from the backseat. Sam pulls open the door and Dean steps in.
Jack smiles. “I figured out a way to get Cas out of the Empty, but I need your help. As… God,” he grimaces at the name, and continues, “I can’t go into the Empty, but I can lead a ritual. I need you to help me set it up, and maybe to give the ritual a little extra push. The Empty isn’t going to want to give him up easily, and we might need some help from Cas to get him out.”
you, Cas. The Empty doesn’t. I know that you are brave and blunt and that you care so much it’s driven you almost to madness sometimes. I know that when you were human you loved peanut butter and jelly and hated pie, and I don’t know if I can forgive you for that very wrong opinion, but I’ll allow you to be entitled to it. I know you’re shit at insults, but ‘assbutt’ is almost endearing anyway. You have an unhealthy attachment to that trenchcoat, but it suits you and I wouldn’t have it any other way. I know sometimes I meet your eyes and I just know you aren’t looking at my face but at my soul, and it’s unnerving but amazing to me that I’m interesting enough for you to want to look at me so deeply. I know that you love so deeply that I’m an idiot not to have seen it before. You love so deeply that angels and demons and monsters and even humans can sense it. You’ve given up everything for the world, for Sam and Jack, for me. And your brothers and sisters and God himself have all told you that it’s a fault, but it’s not. It’s beautiful. It’s who you are. And I--”
After dinner, Sam and Eileen go to his room. Dean isn’t sure if they’re going to talk or make out. He’s happy for them either way, even if that happiness stings a little. Sam looks at Dean nervously as he stands in the doorway, as if afraid to leave Dean to his thoughts. Dean forces a laugh and shoos him. “I’ll search for a case or watch conspiracy theories on YouTube or something. I found one about us last week; it was ridiculous. I’ll be
Dean nods numbly, and lets Bobby hug him again. Bobby squats down, murmuring to Miracle and scratching him behind his ears. Dean pretends not to hear what Bobby tells the dog. “You watch out for my boys, understand? Especially this son of a gun. You think you can do that, buddy? There’s a good boy.” Miracle thumps his tail against the linoleum floor happily. Bobby stands back up when Sam walks in, and Sam takes him to the door while Dean sinks back down heavily into his chair. Miracle pads over to him and Dean scratches the dog absently. Dean hears Bobby and Sam murmuring in the doorway, but can’t hear what they’re saying. He guesses Bobby is telling Sam something similar to what he told the dog. Like Miracle, Dean doubts Sam needs to be told.
It’s been that way before, the countless times Cas died or was taken from him. If his brain wasn’t too foggy and his eyes too blurred from alcohol, he didn’t stop thinking about him, seeing him, remembering him.
“Shut up,” Dean mutters, checking his watch nervously. 9:59. Sometimes he forgets that Sam wasn’t there, by his side, summoning this unknown, powerful being with him. Sam met Cas later, and has never seen the barn where it all began. Not until now.
Bobby stays until the tears stop. Sam clears the beer bottles and Bobby stands, pulling on his coat. Dean stays in his chair until Bobby forces him up and into a hug. Bobby pats Miracle’s head for a moment and then speaks. “It’ll be okay, Dean. I know it doesn’t feel that way right now, and you don’t have to believe me. I wouldn’t listen to anyone who told me that after my wife died. I think I even threatened to shoot someone who did. But it got better. It got...easier to deal with. We’ll just have to see what life brings, all right?”
Lights flash behind Dean’s eyes, sparks fly in his mind as his lips finally press against Cas’s. He feels the hay and concrete beneath his jeans, and the trenchcoat under his palms feels the same as it has these last twelve years. It began here, in this barn, all those years ago. And now?
“Castiel.” Jack says, and his voice echoes through the barn. “Castiel. Wake up. It is time to come home.”
Dean hears a distant, hissing yell. “The Empty is angry.” Jack tells them. “Castiel. Wake up. Wake up
“Well,” Jack starts, gesturing around, “For one, I chose a location that is meaningful to Cas and can serve as a tether to what he’s left on earth. He told me once about how you met. With my new… abilities, it wasn’t hard to find the place. Also, I think the Empty’s going to fight back. And it’s not going to be nice about it. I think it’ll probably try to undermine what we’re doing here, convince Cas to stay in the Empty. I need you to counter the Empty’s argument.”
Victoria tried to ignore the situation that was going on over the unconscious girl and do her damn job.
The newly recruited soul was a young woman, her soul dimmed by its experiences in Hell already. A murky, milky substance swirled inside her soul, blocking its light, encompassing. She outstretches her fingers over the table, seemingly to select her weapon. Castiel can feel her hesitation however, she is not scared, she doesn’t want to do this. Castiel watches as she looks over at the soul on her rack.
“Ah, the one and only. Our dear fallen brother. I am an archangel, yes, but not one of the original four, not amongst the ones who divvied up the stars, one from which you were born.”
Thank you so, so much for the kudos, bookmarks, and comments!! They mean so much as the author of this tale! I hope you all enjoy this chapter! Thank you so much for reading!!
“He’s meeting me here in a bit.” Claire had no idea why she was offering so much information to this random young woman, but here she was, sitting in a park, talking about her Uncle Cas to this girl she felt this insane connection to.
The Void looks into the man’s eyes, notices the smile, and the crow’s feet that came from years of the action.
? Dean begins to panic a little as he feels sweat start to gather on his forehead and under his collar. That feeling is soon replaced by a cooling sensation and Dean realizes Cas’s is sharing his grace with him, calming him. His sweat magically evaporates, and he once more finds his normal breathing pattern. He really didn’t fucking deserve the angel.
Dean reaches for the hand dangling beside him, the hand Cas left free for that purpose. Castiel rubs the back of Dean’s hand with his thumb and Dean mirrors the action, attempting to give Cas the encouragement to continue with the words he so obviously needed to get out.
Cas kicked his shoes off, draped his trench coat over the comforter on the other bed and settled in beside Dean.
Zachariah smirks, a terrifying sight to behold, and the grace tightens even more. “Which means he what? Drank more demon blood?”
Joe nods and looks up at the ceiling. He puts his palms against the counter to support the upper half of his body. “You…uh…you said you didn’t feel like that for him anymore.”
Kaia smirks slightly as she pulls down the sleeves of her light jacket to more fully cover her wrists. “Yeah, sounds like it went well.”
“I’m afraid you’re going to have to ride in the back seat, Castiel. This one barely fits in the front.” She motioned towards Sam.
The angel narrowed his eyes at the older version of the man he yanked out of hell. “I hope you do not intend to place a call because the voice says-”
“You have brought about so many wonderful changes to this world, Dean. You made an angel, one of the most powerful beings in all of creation, a being who was made to
“You have disobeyed time and time again, Castiel, and we are here to ensure you will not do it anymore.”
“No, not at all. I never doubted Castiel would catch me if I fell. I didn’t need a safety net with him. He was all-encompassing, but as I said, that type of encompassment can seem too much. I was naïve in believing it
“No, no, no. I uh, yeah, I want that too, like a lot. I’m honored you want me that way, Cas, you’re not the problem, man.”
“Babe?” It’s almost a whisper, because it’s their word, a sacred thing Dean doesn’t want to share. It’s intimate, and Chuck should not hear it, but Cas needed to.
Dean allowed confusion to overtake his handsome features as he looked back and forth between Cas and his brother. “Uh, what’s going on here?”
“We’ll stop this witch before she summons anyone, your seal won’t be broken, and no one has to die.”
Cas uses the advantage of Castiel being so preoccupied with his anger with Dean to draw an invisible Enochian sigil on Castiel’s back. He mumbles a few Enochian words, presses his palm on the angel’s shoulder blade, clenches his fist, and pulls downward. As the angel falls backward with a primordial scream, Cas puts his hand on Castiel’s forehead. “I am so, so sorry.”
The demon looks to Sam, the picture of calm. “Do you really think, you flannel-clad nightmare that I would really let BLOODY LUCIFER OUT OF THE BLOODY CAGE?!”
Dean couldn’t convey his emotions properly for this exact moment. Cas was unsure of how to proceed and happened upon the one person he needed to hear from – the one person he looked up to from the beginning. Dean always thought Cas just took a second to think about it, but of course that wasn’t it. He had to be told he
“The truth is… the only thing that can kill an angel…” Uriel pauses as he pulls his blade from the ether and places it in his palm and holds it in front of his face. “Is another angel.”
Even for a creature that was made from nothing, the being finds John Winchester detestable. He wonders if that is from Lee’s memory or its own growing emotion.
She places the pastry in her mouth, making small moans of pleasure as she allows the confection to overtake the senses on her tongue.
Zachariah stands, his grace flowing with impatience. “You know how you get a vessel, Castiel? You say, ‘I am an angel of the Lord, and I require your services.’ And they say yes, and then, bam, you got a vessel. You do not care if they have a family, brother. They are nothing, humanity is nothing, and you are not to bow to them, do you understand?”
Castiel breathes in deeply. He shuts the trunk and begins to drum his long fingers on the handle of the cart.
“Very funny, Dean.” Chuck’s eyes narrow as he removes his glasses to rub his eyes. “Anna chapter tomorrow.” He offers Dean a shit eating grin of his own before disappearing.
“I do not know Dean. I’m not sure how she works.” The kisses continued and Dean wanted to get the angel back into their bed.
“Does she seem ‘off’ to you? Just in general? I mean I know she helped you or whatever, and she knew I wanted this room for us, but she seems kinda strange. Not saying I don’t like her, just weird.”
“You are suggesting I repeatedly have that dream because my brain sees it as a type of foreshadowing?”
Dean takes a deep breath to steady his nerves and walks over to his… fuck… he still didn’t know what to call him. He takes Cas’s hand and leads him out to the lanai, getting out of Chuck’s line of sight anyway.
Victoria thought it was very odd that a millennial old being would be referred to as ‘boy’. And that a millennial old being basically asked permission from his Hunter’s mom. Dear Lord, Victoria needed some separation, but it wasn’t looking like she was getting any. These hunters and their angel were a complete and total package deal.
But Cas was different, he could be the one to protect, to fight, and he was fucking good at it. He could grab the gun, the blade, fight hand to hand. So, Dean allowed himself to be encompassed by Cas, and enjoyed the feeling of being the one protected, for once.
Cas’s arms moved to around Dean’s waist and Dean relished the perfectness of it. Cas settled more into his back.
The Seraph looks to the damage in front of him. They were unable to sus out the demon who was to be responsible for breaking the seal and were forced to lay waste to the entire town. Castiel mentally tallied the humans killed – eight hundred seventy-four. Castiel’s grace pulls tightly in on itself and a toad is born with two heads in the Amazon.
Castiel looks to Dean once more, studying. Cas knows the man is trying to justify, and he simply wants Dean to
“What? No. Because you like to break up bar fights as an excuse to beat up people and he’s a law enforcement officer.”
Dean’s eyes search the Seraph’s earnestly, honestly, willing the being to understand he was okay, this was okay, he was still here, and he still
Here he was, the ultimate author, an author who tried to make Dean the definitive manly-man. A man who slept with waitresses with a fake name. But that was at the beginning wasn’t it? There were still some of those aspects in Dean Winchester. He still appreciated a good ass and a nice rack, but there was so much more than the grunt he tried to originally write.
Dean’s moves his head back to his normal position and looks into Cas’s face. The angel smiles down at him, kindly, apologetically, and Dean smiles back at him fully.
He thinks to the nothing, to the ether, to the peace of a nonexistence. But how could there be true peace, without the hurricane of Dean Winchester?
Cas wasn’t sure this was completely his friend, so his angelic eyes looked for Sam’s soul. And it was there, so he relaxed and took the seat in the recliner next to Dean.
“What type of creature did this to you sweetie?” Dr. Myers whispered as she pushed the woman’s dark brown bangs away from her face.
Cas looks up at him, blue eyes boring into Dean’s soul. Sam looks back and forth, as if this were some high drama soap.
Jess and Sam got to Dean’s house at 6:45, because of course they did. Sam let himself and his wife in with his key. He had a messenger bag on his shoulder and a chocolate méringue pie in his hand.
Naomi stood back from Castiel. Tendrils reached towards his form, exploring every wavelength. She could no longer feel anything out of the norm. He was back to factory settings – to his creation.
Cas only offers him an eyebrow, and the tingle resulting from the action spreads throughout Dean and seems to land in places he’d rather not deal with at the moment.
Cas allows a sort of chuckle to escape his lips. “I am afraid I cannot offer you an explanation, my love. I simply find some things come very easy with you.”
“Rejoice, and be exceedingly glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.” (Matthew 5:12 KJV).
“Yes.” He answers simply, a smug smile breaking through his set face. Blonde stubble frames his smirk, and he takes another sip keeping eye contact with the woman.
“You were having some weird ass dream, man, I don’t know. You were speaking in Hebrew, and it scared the shit outta me. I guess I ain’t ever heard you dream.”
Cas cuts his steak expertly with the steak knife and Dean tries really hard to pay attention to his own food. The moans of pleasure from pristine light pink lips did not help at all.
“And you never used it, even when all those angels were chasing you?” Sam’s eyes soften with knowing the kindness of the man who married his brother.
Dean woke up in strange, but insanely comfortable surroundings. It takes him but a moment to realize where he was and what he, or rather they, were doing. He sits up, rubs the back of his neck, uses the bathroom, and heads to the kitchen.
“I told her the next time I brought someone, they’d be special, and to save her best bourbon for the occasion. She agreed, and uh…”
Michael looks down to him, his eyes just missing the mark of kindness. “You have rescued my sword from the throes of Hell, I came to thank you.”
Castiel moves once more to stand in his own space, his grace no longer connecting with Anna’s. He feels incomplete, and the burning in the pit of his grace is snuffed, the flame only now being embers. He looks towards the Son, the kind man on top of the Mountain filling those below him with
Claire steps in and nods. “Yeah, he does that when he thinks he’s not wanted. It’s annoying. But he’s never ignored
He noticed Cas downed half the still-steaming mug before cutting the bread. He puts a container of strawberries next to him with a chef’s knife once Cas hands him the bread.
He stops here, unable to continue – not because he couldn’t say it, he could say it. But it was different with Cas, and that was something Dean Winchester never planned on encountering.
Dean’s thumb rests in the slight cleft of Cas’s chin, and his mind runs through all the things he is going to gift Cas with tonight when they are alone.
It pains him, those two words. But why? Why does he want to let the man go? Why does he want him to know of his fate? Fate. Destiny. His mission.
Dean stabs him with the knife. Castiel almost sighs, as this has already played out in Hell. Dean was stubborn and disbelieving in and out of the pit. Castiel looks down at the knife, admires its craftmanship for but a moment, pulls it from his chest, mentally apologizes to Jimmy, and drops the knife to the floor. He senses the older man’s attack, grabs his weapon, spins him around, and puts him to sleep. He looks once more to his charge.
was the one hiding something. “Like I already toldSam: I´m fine. My grace just hasn´t have a lot of time to recharge lately, especially since I just got it back. I will need all my strength for the spell to heal you. So the wisest decision is for Sam to get the incrediants”, he explains however. "So as much as you hate it Dean, you´ll have to stay with me until Sam gets back", he bites, definitely hurt by Dean´s obvious dislike of being alone with him. Whoa whoa whoa hold on, what? “Hold on a minute, why the hell didn´t you tell me about this earlier? What do you mean, low on grace? Cas, is this spell gonna be dangerous for you?” Dean asks, now wide alert. He did not agree to this. He didn´t spend the last months preventing himself from crying out to Cas for him to use himself up because of
But there is no time. Dean needs him. If Sam, a basic human, can stay away for Dean, so can he. “He is gonna wake up though, right?” Sam asks, turning to face the angel and cutting of the endless rope of thoughts and accusations in his head. Cas let´s out a sigh and stops the pacing around. He hates having to say this to Sam. He hates not being able to give him the comfort of a lie. But Sam would see right through him. castiel is a very bad liar, he has been informed. Though with how sleep-deprived Sam is at the moment, he probably wouldn´t even notice. But he also knows, even if it would ease his mind, Sam definitely wouldn´t appreciate dishonesty. Not when it comes to his brother. After all, family is a very delicate matter with the Winchesters. Not that he couldn´t relate. It`s just a
“… go and get that.” Dean snaps out of his thoughts. What is up with him today? “What?” he asks, looking from Cas to Sam. “I said, I was gonna get the ingredients Cas needs for the spell. I´ll be back as soon as I can manage”, Sam repeats, getting slightly more annoyed.
. Now that he´s looking at Sam a bit more closely, he can see that his face is drained from what seems like days without sleep. Even Cas looks tired, though he really shouldn´t. After all angles technically don´t sleep. Or eat. Which really is a shame in Dean´s opinion. “Wasn´t thinking, thought I had to escape the angels again”, Dean mutters. Cas lets out an angry huff but of course neither him nor Sam escaped the part about the angels. Dean curses himself in his head. He knew they were gonna have questions about where he´s been and what had happened but if it weren´t for his big mouth, he could have made up an excuse, something like, he doesn´t remember anything or some shit. Because he really doesn´t want to tell them what happened. He can´t. Impossible! But of course, his luck has apparently run out a long time ago. “Dean, you have to tell me what they used to injure you. Or if you can´t remember correctly, you`ll have to let down your guard so I can get inside your head. I can´t heal you if I don´t know the exact thing they used or I might injure you even worse”, Cas urges him, once he´s on the bed. At those words Dean vehemently shakes his head in panic which he regrets only seconds later due to the still very present pounding. But the thought of Cas seeing and, more importantly, hearing what happened in the last, he doesn´t even know how many, days makes him wanna puke. Or preferably die. Dead people don´t have to talk. Normally. Though that does not seem to apply to their life. He´s seen plenty of dead people talk. Not just dead
. Sam wouldn´t understand, why that could be an issue for Dean. But Dean has a very particular reason why this multiplies his problems. For one, it would mean that maybe,
With every step those words drum deeper and deeper in his mind. He´s heard them often enough. And the physical pain that he immediately associates with those words whipes every other thought from his mind.  He knows he shouldn´t listen to them. He knows those are lying words. Dean has long stopped worshipping his father and his opinions. But he can´t help the voice in his head every time he - His feet come to an exhausted halt. Panting he rests his hands on his knees. If he´s gonna keep running, he´s gonna collapse, he knows that. But the problem is, at the moment, he´s not only running away from his feelings, he´s also running away from the dozen angels that had been holding him captive. That´s another reason why he desperately tries to keep his thoughts away from the blue-eyed angel. Because he knows, that if he allows himself to think about him even just for a second, he will most certainly shout out a silent prayer. That wouldn´t technically be a bad thing. The only problem is, Cas wouldn´t be the only one to hear it. And even worse, Cas would most definitely do anything in his power to get to Dean if he knew only so much as a fraction of what the angels have been doing to him. He doesn´t know how far he is from the bunker. Hell, he doesn´t even know if he´s still in America or if they somehow managed to ship him off somewhere else. Thank god most angels don´t have they´re wings anymore! Cas would disagree with that, he thinks and immediately scolds himself for it. No thinking! Just getting away, away, away... So that´s why he´s running. His legs are starting to go numb. He already can´t feel his feet properly and just hopes they´ll carry him further. Stars are dancing before his eyes. Stars and a very familiar face. “Cas?” is the only thing he manages to choke out in horror, before his world goes blank. No that´s not true, it actually goes black. Black and a familiar shade of Blue.
“Oh, yeah, he was distracted, thinking about his next hit.” To emphasize his point Chuck makes a drinking motion with his hand.
Dean shakes his head fondly at the angel’s mock confusion. “It’s the truth. How long did you look for me down there, man?”
Thank you so much for choosing to read this story! And thank you so, so much for the kudos, comments, subscriptions, and bookmarks! I can't tell you guys how meaningful they are to me, I appreciate them so much!
“Dean, I love you. I am in love with you. Yes, Hannah was my home for many years, but now, when I think of home all I think of are emerald greens, hands rough from years of work exploring my body, causing immense pleasure, and perfectly shaped dark pink lips following their actions.”
“But, uh, whatever time we do got, on the outside, I ain’t gonna let nothing get in the way of this.”
“Hum. I doubt any of them are completely true. And what more is a half truth than a whole lie?” I was the one to drive Adam and Eve from the garden. I saw their distress, felt their pain. I wondered why they were not given a second chance. And then I realized, it was because they had all fallen prey to him.”
Dean’s hand goes to his stomach. He hasn’t flown with an angel in quite a while. There was that stint when he was Michael’s angel condom, but he didn’t really remember the sensation.
Cas smiles, in spite of himself. “They are extraordinary. And I am…” Cas finds himself unable to finish, because there are so many words he feels belongs there, none of which are complimentary.
He walks past the overturned cars and the wreckage until he sees her. His sister, laying on the cold, wet asphalt, blonde hair surrounding her vessel’s face. He bends down next to her, removing the cloth hiding the fatal wound displayed on the upper portion of her chest. Castiel’s hope fades, and words befitting the humanity he is so fond of escape his lips:
The creature assuming Lee’s identity comes out of the bathroom, rugged towel running though long hair. He finds John laying across one of the beds, and he is somewhat disheartened to see the man’s chest rise and fall. He looks to the Void, who is still occupying his seat at the table.
Dean walks over to him and notices the angel’s attire. Jeans that are snug in a couple very strategic places, a somewhat fitted gray t-shirt and a leather jacket. Yup, this was going to go swell.
“I am sorry Ash. Jack and I offered to have you design new technologies to better earth – free energy…”
I apologize if the Hebrew was completely and totally off the mark. I used Google translate, and I hope it turned out correctly.
“Claire…” It was a warning, more or less, her name spoken like that. Claire had been there through his breakup with Hannah, the pain that caused him. He retreated into himself and his world of books for quite a while, only responding to his niece. His older brothers didn’t even stand a chance, not that they usually did anyway. Well, except for Gabe, he was a brother Cas occasionally enjoyed talking to. Occasionally. He was, well, eccentric.
She thought saying, ‘your’ angel would be better than Dean’s angel, although he was so obviously Dean’s angel.
The nostalgia at that moment, the moment where Dean knew there was something more than simple friendship between them causes the green-eyed man to shake his head fondly. “You’re something else, you know that?”
His reverie was cut short by Zachariah announcing to him on one particularly high-pitched frequency that it was time to visit Dean once more.
Uriel’s words spark something in Dean that Castiel is disheartened to feel. The emotion is painful to his grace, their connection willing for an intervention.
He smiles at his Baby, the only real constant in a life filled with fleeting emotions, death, and copious amounts of useless alcohol.
Cas sighed once more. “Dean, if you need me to phrase it that way, I will. Of course, I love you, Sam and Jack. But you, I love differently. And I think you know that too.”
“Yes, it is very demanding. I have to travel, write, lecture. Very time-consuming.” What a horrible excuse.
Castiel, angel of the Lord, is used to this behavior from his hunter. He sits in the chair next to him, opens the cooler, pulls out two beers, opens them, hands one to Dean, and then, and only then, does he speak.
The angel offers no reply, instead choosing to sip on the amber liquid held in his glass. He turns the glass in his hand, allowing the light that floods the room to reflect off the glasses’ many facets.
The Void nods as he places his palm against the Rabbi’s forehead. He closes his eyes as he absorbs the Rabbi’s force, his goodness, everything he is. His life is transferred into that of the Void, his
Castiel regards him anew, a head tilt, another small look into his soul. He feels joy and hopes it didn’t come across on his vessel.
“All right, time to turn the tables. What’s your most interesting case, Special Agent?” Bobby crunches on a slice of bacon after his inquiry.
Castiel stands straight, erect, tall, behind Zachariah. He knows what he is now, what he has done, and what is to become of him if he fails to obey, again. Zachariah’s words put a fear in him he did not have before. He knew something happened to him in Heaven - he could still feel the evidence with the pain in his wing, and yet he forgot just how much pain. He wanted to keep the small fire in his pit, it warmed him, especially in the presence of Dean. It was pleasant to feel so warm when he had for so long been nothing.
Dean marveled at how the normally verbose man was barely able to form two syllables when he was tired.
Castiel’s faces look towards the sky created for the man who drowned in a bathtub. His grace is held taunt by an invisible force. He speaks to the voice commanding him.
Cas stands and nods. “They had a nest here, and they were recruiting. You are young and pretty, just their type.”
He takes Dean’s bottom lip ever so gently between his own and kisses softly, purposefully. He pulls away and puts their foreheads together, both of Dean’s hands now exploring Cas’s back.
With a growl, Dean rereads the slide. “Uh, when you go off and do stuff without me, us. When you just leave without any reason or telling us where you are. When you do really stupid shit and don’t ask us about it. When you’re all secretive with your angel shit.”
Dean knew it was more, but Cas’s words rang in his head, and he was gonna listen to his boyfriend’s advice. For once. Hey! That’s what he was. Boyfriend! And wasn’t that just fucking fantastic? Even if his
The outside of “The Roadhouse” is illuminated by a flickering streetlamp. Dean puts Baby in park with his left hand in order to avoid jostling Cas, whom he is enjoying having pressed up against his side. The professor is engrossed in something on his phone and didn’t even noticed they parked.
Dean doesn’t know how long it’s been. At some point, the words on the screen had started to blur together, and it wasn’t from alcohol. He hadn’t realized how tired he was. He’d only slept a few hours the previous night, before dreaming of Castiel’s death again, and no longer being able to sleep after that. He’d stayed up the rest of the night, watching videos and listening to classic rock on his phone and combing a lapful of Miracle.
“Cas.” Dean says once, and then his throat closes and he can’t say anything else. So he closes the mere inches between them and kisses him, one word in his mind.
“Oh, on countless occasions.” He put the container on the table as he made them both a mimosa with the champagne and orange juice. “However, I prefer the term discerning.”
“Glad you asked Uriel, so, it seems our favorite little red head got to tap back into angel radio when a certain Seraph screamed ‘Dean Winchester is saved’, knocked a few angelic screws loose.” He smiles, close lipped at Castiel, causing the angel to avert his gaze.
Castiel knows the meaning behind Uriel’s words. He knows the feeling: rebellion. However, Castiel knows it does not have pure intent behind it. He wonders what Uriel thinks is
Dean attempts to hide his smile as he looks down at his jeans. “Eh, I don’t know how much sparring I’ll be able to do wearing these. So…”
She preferred state highways over interstates. She thought they were more intriguing. She programmed her GPS to follow her whim. The highway was flat, monotonous.
“Gentlemen, I know this is not what you’re accustomed to, but when you work with me, you’re legit. So, just follow my lead and do not do anything asinine.”
Thank you all so, so much for the kudos, the comments, the subscriptions, and the bookmarks! Ya'll are the absolute best and I appreciate you all so, so much!! Y'all warm my heart. :-)
Castiel wants her there, bathes in her presence and the soothing nature of her grace, but she is a fugitive, one he is ordered to kill on sight.
Dean’s eyebrows knitted together, and his mouth opened a bit before he genuinely smiled. “Car girl huh?”
Sam shakes his head and leans his head back onto the chair. “Dude, you have always been like this. Lee was so tired of your self-deprecating shit.”
“Victor, maybe you can try to ‘place’ Cas when you’re not meeting my parents?” Jo nudges him with an elbow to the ribs.
. Led Zeppelin records cover one of the walls, where they are intermingled with classic country records.
Cas huffs out a laugh as he gives the blonde a hug. She hugs Dean next, slapping his shoulder extra hard for good measure.
to anything, there was no declaration of love, no promise of a future, just a passing compliment about looks, and a question. Dean marvels at how well the angel understands him. He contemplates the answer to Cas’s question. Honestly, he probably wouldn’t have. He probably would’ve kept stealing glances and finding excuses for hugs that always lasted just a little too long.
Castiel was filtering his prayers while looking on at a child who prayed to him that her cat would not die after being hit by a car. Since Castiel was the angel of tears, the little girl, who was around seven years old and had both front teeth missing, thought it would be best to pray to him since she was crying.
“My love, food is only a sensual experience where we are alone. Surely you have noticed I eat differently around my Father.”
“Hum.” A reply Dean knew all too well. It wasn’t dissatisfaction, it was amusement, and Dean smiled at it.
Thank y'all so, so much for the subscriptions, kudos, and bookmarks!! They mean so much to me as the author of this tale, and I find them so inspiring!
? The shock of all of those feelings left Dean stock still and he didn’t even notice when Claire mastered a fucking perfect parallel park in front of a meter.
His work from this point is easy – make it seem as if a demon broke Sam out. Again, the angel could not fathom why. Dean was the one to save them all, not Sam. But, orders were orders. Weren’t they?
“You think that’ll work, becoming human? And you hated it so much last time.” Dean winces, remembering kicking a brand new human Castiel out of the bunker.
There was no doubt that Cas was attracted, drawn to the man even. But even if this did work out, even if something came of it, what then? Cas was the type of man who wanted to get married, have a family, adopt kids who needed him. As if he could, as if wanting it enough would make it happen. He almost had that with Hannah, but then it all went to shit. Her first husband came back into the picture, and she realized she still loved him. Which almost broke Castiel, so even though he was better, trusting was difficult.
“Great. So, uh in Key West a few species are gonna go extinct, uh, some fisherman in Alaska are going to be struck blind, and last but not least – a teacher in New York is going to kill sixty-six of her students, got it?”
Sam nods. “Yeah. Uh, so Jimmy died after Raphael exploded him, and uh, Cas felt guilty about it a few years later, sought her out. It was kinda rough there for a while, but they got pretty close.”
“Choosing your own course of action, it’s confusing.” She moves closer with each word, and there it is again, the ice. “It’s terrifying.”
“Babe, Lizzie got to go back to a loving mom who just went through a rough patch. And look, now we got Chloe and we are going to give her the best life any person can have.”
Claire looks to the girl hopefully but trying to hide the excitement. She hands the girl her phone after she unlocks it. “Yeah, sure, you wanna add your contact?”
Dean shifts, sinking once more into the bed. Cas settles easily onto his chest. “Yeah, like that night at the brothel, you were fucking terrified.”
Dean shifted on the bed to get a better look at Cas, although the dimness of the room took away his perception. Human eyes and all. “You still didn’t answer my question.”
Cas knew he must’ve painted quite a picture, face all bruised, hair even messier than usual, Marv under his fingernails, and yet here Dean was, making sure he was okay. “You are an extraordinary man, Dean Winchester.”
Cas closes his eyes, hoping that Dean will accept him for every single aspect of himself, and all that entails.
But who they are? Dean looks to the sleeping angel laying next to him on a blanket on the dock and knows. Who they are is solid, and
“I would like to say that is flattering, and I suppose it is. However, Hannah, I have a new life here, one which I am very fond of keeping.”
“Claire. I’m sorry, Dean. My niece seems to obtain a great deal of satisfaction out of my slight discomfort.”
Castiel Novak is fairly uncertain how to continue. He did not think Janie would suggest Dean spar with him the same way Henry had. Henry was a trained professional, and Dean was a man Cas was dating. He adopts an upright stance and waits.
Cas removes his hands from the counter and places his arms on top of Dean’s. “I am saying that would be the ideal decision.”
Now Dean sighs. “If my husband comes back from doing his peaceful Zen gardening shit upset, you’re not getting any of this casserole.”
Green eyes settle into blue, and the hunter retakes his seat on the edge of the bed as he rubs his face.
Dean hated him. Dean fucking hated him. He wanted to punch his smug face over and over again until all his teeth were knocked out. He hated him for what he did to all of them, forcing them to be hamsters on his fucking wheel.
Dean wanted to impress the shit out of this man, so, he did what any sensible man wanting to woo someone did, he sucked up to the family.
