“No! I’m from Missouri!” The Starlord corrected, his blue gaze dancing from one enemy to the other in a frantic sweep of the closed hall. No exit to be seen.
Steve pressed his lips to a tight line of chagrin and watched silently as the All Father gathered his wife in his arms with a deep sigh of relief. He turned his eyes away to give them privacy, though he was the only one it seemed, as the guards looked on expressionlessly, waiting like statues for their next command to bring them to life.
The man of Iron arched a haughty brow. “You do remember I blew them all up to smithereens two months ago? the pretty, billion-dollar fireworks last 4th of July in case you missed them?”
Thor stifled another bout of laughter, fondling nervously the golden apple in his large hands. He had spoken with his Father of this, of taking this step so soon after their wedding. But Thor had been vehement, the sooner the better, in his opinion.
Her eyes rolled back into her skull, veins in her neck bulging as she gapped her mouth trying to scream, to cry, or plea. Her legs shaking wildly on Tony’s hips.
“No, how dare you!” Fury challenged, straightening in his seat, all simile of calm gone from his posture as the fearsome Colonel stood up to the irate God “ You’ve up and down
Well, this is going spectacularly. Thor grimaced internally, turning to look at his father in search of any hint of discomfort. Of course, he found none.
Thor hit hard and true, as Steven needed, and got just about the same careless treatment as he let the Mortal man unleash the harsh emotions he had been drowning in. It went on for a long time, God and Mortal meeting in punishing strokes of frustration until they could not go on and declined into childish tackling and tripping of the other. Slowly, but surely, the Captain relaxed in Thor’s stubborn attacks and they both ended rolling like little boys in the matted grass of the clearing, pawing at their faces as Thor tried to rub dirt in Steven’s face and Steven in turn pulled at his beard and slapped at his fuzzy cheeks.
“Where are you going?” Thor asked hurriedly, earning a second of confused batting of those lovely eyelashes while the Captain halted before the golden doors.
Pepper moaned in pained, embarrassed want; pushing her breasts up in an absolutely obscene arch of her slender back.  “How did he do that?”
“I won’t be long, Steven” Thor promised, gazing longingly at the man as he walked away, guided by the waiting guards to their bedding rooms.
They swung and feinted at each other, Steven growing more and more confident with every stroke of his sword and every strike he could halt, Sif in turn, glowed with pride as the Captain managed to trap her sword with his in an unshakable clasp of metals.
“At least put some clothes on!” Steven yelped into the God’s mouth, cackling loudly as Thor chased his lips like a rabid dog chases a rabbit.
Thor smiled at the mortal and his nonchalance to both his work and receiving immortality by the hands of a God, alike. Thor eyed the Captain with heated, tender interest, now that he had left behind his perturbed thoughts and leaned on much happier endeavors, such as… “Won’t you finish your song for me, husband? Let us hear what had the God of Arts so distraught.”
Sif released bells of giggles, so uncharacteristic even she was startled, though Steven only smiled winningly and pulled away from the warrior, offering his hand to the woman. “Again?”
Thor pouted more aggressively in response. If Loki had a problem with that he could very well go and- Oh, who was Thor trying to fool? The blond God sighed and rolled onto his stomach. If it weren’t for his brother bursting into his wedded room where Steven had left him in a sea of guilt and regret, he would have already devolved into a weeping ball of lying filth.
“Thank you Master Bragi.” Steven replied and finally strode towards Thor, who now had his head full of conflicting thoughts, but one glimpse of that perfect smile of the Captains was enough to lighten his spirit as they both exited the lecture room and into Asgards halls.
“Aye” Thor’s voice broke, overcome with feelings of oneship he struggled to not break into tears “It is. Now let go and reach for it again, don’t touch, just feel.”
The Widow snorted loudly, her eyes running over the slow, sensuous moves of the Asgardian dancers with a haughty expression “Not that I don’t know you can outdo them but do you really want to do that Clint?”
After Loki’s trial in Asgard, Thor had conferred with Odin over the amends to be made to Earth and had agreed that joining the Avengers, Earths strongest and mightiest warriors, as well as vowing to protect their realm to preserve intergalactic peace was a given. Thor had been amazed to realize that this would not be enough. Not even barely. And now, far over the time he was due to return to Asgard, not only had he failed to pacify the Midgardian rulers, he was forced to bring his father to trial. Odin, the All Father, Warrior and Protector of the 9 realms, was being summoned to Earth like a wayward courier.
From then, he was assaulted by fleeting images of the Captain’s attacks, allowing him to protect himself of the worst with his shield, that chipped and cracked under the onslaught of Mjolnir’s might. When there was nothing left of the material he depended solely of his All seeing eyes to avoid the vicious swings of the Captain. Though for a moment it seemed as the man was testing him, attacking in wide arcs, measuring the flow of his movements, the speed of his feet.
She wanted to blame the planet, something in its air maybe that always succeeded to make her usually loyal, wise husband, sway in his ways. Perhaps he had underestimated them one too many times.
Thor did not think himself an easy prey to petty feelings such as jealousy, but now as his soul trembled under the fear of losing his Steven, a man who he could barely call
She came with a gasp and a full shiver, her pearly skin breaking into goosebumps as her innards milked Tony, almost drinking from his cock, and he lost it too. Pressed her hard against the marble wall and shoved up into her, once, twice, and there.
Odin and Frigga sampled the sumptuous meats and gave an approving nod, and thus, the celebration truly began. The cooks came forth and carved the gigantic beast to serve the portions to the royal table and then fed those in attendance.
Steven’s gaze grew soft as he laid a comforting hand on Thor’s bare shoulder. “It’s only a 3 hour drive, we’ll stay in touch, I promise”
“Just wait” The Captain bit out, stilling his jittery movements with his palm high in the air “I can feel it coming”
“I love you” he sighed to her sweaty, blushed brow and held her close. With her in his arms, it was easier to do what he needed to. He closed his eyes and finally conceded: “I need you to notarize something”
The guy he’d just kissed like a schoolboy does his sweetheart at the back of the playground, before running away and hiding in the bathrooms…
“Wow, hey” Clint cut in, his face serious as he looked at his children with a reprimanding gaze “That is enough, we don’t meddle into people’s private life over breakfast”
He had spent the whole evening planning his doomsday with the Gods, eagerly contributing and requesting,
“Sir” Steven clasped hands with the mighty man, his large palm engulfing that of the Mortal in a firm clench.
Thor growled but listened, nonetheless. The man had managed to please Steven, so maybe it was not all for naught in the end. Even if he had to grit his teeth to dust to avoid punching his friend in the balls. Which reminded him…
“Wait” A man laughed “We aren’t done yet, how and when will we be receiving our due? You can’t just walk out with the Captain and leave your word for it”
Thor felt his heart swell with fondness, so strong he took a moment to regain speech, only increasing his brother’s irritation as Thor worked to form words.
Steven sighed and raised his face to bestow a parting kiss to his husband’s bearded cheek, so sweet Thor could only sigh back and smile as he took in the man’s bashful expression at being caught snogging by his in-law.
Thor did not receive a chair, and he had the fleeting, disparaging thought, that he dearly hoped his Father was not watching this moment. Then the world flipped and spun as he was irreverently slammed face first into the mat. The little breath he had managed to catch, punched out of him in a pitiful wheeze.
“Of course I will” He confirmed, his severe dark eye sparkling with humor “Someone has to do the talking, we send you off alone and next we know you’ll be fist fight with Odin himself”
Tony startled at the unexpected revelation, his face then contorted in sorrow. The soldier sat there, a melancholic, self-depicting smile on his handsome face.
Steven turned and blinked at the agitated God, whose smile bordered on manic. Heimdall wisely stepped aside without uttering a word.
The God of Thunder jolted out of his thoughts as the man himself emerged from the other room, the same hard eye set on him as he spoke “Why don’t you join me and let the Captain finish his homework?”
“Can we go play outside now?” The boy, Cooper, Steve had learnt that morning, who had yet to learn how to control his vocal range, hung to the Doctor’s neck, little face resting on the man’s shoulder, willfully unaware of the frozen state of the Doctor, as if he feared his very breath would hurt the boy. Steve felt a tinge of sympathy for the good man and said to the children:
“Ok” Clint proclaimed, descending the stairs now with a huge grin “Kids are tucked, time to tuck you two in, nice and tight”
It took a couple of minutes, but the Captain’s mind was freed from its miserable fog of despair and the Soldier rose his head slowly from the God’s chest, like a scared newborn fowl, he dared look around him and his eyes shown with wonder.
“I know it is perhaps to soon to tell yet” Thor said in a drole tone, eyeing the shivering Soldier with a sharp gaze “but… Are we expecting, Steven?”
“That’s a gift, and it’s new” Stark began to count with his fingers “Now we just need something blue, something borrowed and something stolen”
Thor startled from his fog of laughter and shared a bemused look with his friends and other patrons, then scurrying after the fuming blond out of the Tavern, only barely catching Volstagg questioning in low tones to Hogun and Sif: “Whoever called him handsome?”
Thor frowned at the barely concealed morose meaning in the Captain’s words “Aye. But Steven…” The blond God raised his eyes to meet his husbands, allowing for once to show the vulnerable underbelly of his proud facade “I will be taken for a fool…”
Steven had dressed in Asgardian fashion, a side cloak of dark burgundy over deep royal blues and his numerous medals pinned on his ample chest. An Asgardian prince and a Midgardian Officer.
“He was French” The Captain concluded, with a decisive nod “He liked to mess with us just to see us squirm”
“If it’s weapons that you want, I can give you weapons.” Tony’s mouth shot off before his mind caught up with what he was saying “We don’t need to depend on Asgard at all. I was the world’s most prolific weapons designer. You’ve seen Iron man.” He looked at the meditative faces around the room, a sinking feeling in his chest that he was making a terrible mistake, but he kept on going “You want protection? I can build you a suit of armor to cover the whole world.”
“Thee who is Worthy of Thor” Jane finished, her tone icy with a finality that made Thor stumble. “Worthy of Thor. DO you know how many nights I’ve stayed up asking myself this exact same thing?” Jane let a small self-depicting laugh “It’s easier when you are here, when we are like this. To forget what we are. But that is not an option anymore”
He felt a muscle twitch under his eye, remembering that the All Father had warned him of this behavior, and it would not do to cut down a Midgardian ruler, however educational and well deserved it was. At least, not unless they continued to refuse to release the Man. Then, he would gut that one first.
Odin held his gaze in a silent battle of wills, his hand now trembling imperceptibly but where Steve held Gungnir, the magical pulses burning and searching at the new hold. Still, Steve held on fast and unshaking. “Let him go, Odin.”
“All the better!” Thor boomed with a thundering laugh, waving bye at the trio as the automatic doors shut at their backs, he turned his lascivious grin to the other blond “You should join us, Captain”
Thor glowered at the ill concealed lust in both the whore and Frandals gaze, taking Steven’s hand after both the blasted
Some cheering could be heard from their audience, Banner and Stark standing witness to the carnage, as they preferred to fight with their intellect rather than their bodies. Which to Thor and everyone present sounded like a coward’s tale. Barton nursing his bruised body and ego next to a solemn Captain, dutifully punching a giant sac of sand.
“Your lessons stopped but a decade ago, Thor” Frigga reminded him. Thor winced at his slip but Master Bragi remained his bored unperturbed self.
Could this be that Thor wanted to pursue a more… husbandly interaction? Is this how you initiated intimacy, or do you have to ask directly?
“Guess you don’t know me very well, I’ll make it simple for you then.” Tony smirked, all teeth and bite “I’ll have Captain America grinding up and down a pole in my private jets before I let him raise a single finger for the likes of you.”
“I’m going to look like a right fool. But this is the only formal suit I have; the uniform is pretty shredded from yesterday” The man shrugged his ridiculously wide shoulders “It’s probably more appropriate anyways”
This happened a few more times before Thor decided to leave the US entirely, flying randomly to another country, anything to keep his mind away from thoughts of her. And in a week’s time he found himself in the open planes of the savanna.
“What, you don’t like it?” That lovely, golden brow arched over those beautiful cerulean eyes and that half smile and adorable shrug of wide shoulders; it was startling how accurate those mannerisms were achieved. God of Lies indeed. “The costume is a bit much, I’ll admit… So tight,” Loki mused in Steven’s gorgeous voice, only fueling Thor’s anger as he continued with his subterfuge by striking a mocking heroic pose “but the confidence.”
seen, he thought happily, and covered himself as best he could while his mind whirled and raced with his memories.
The remaining days of their hunting trip after the beating where spent in quiet cheer, as the third day Frandal was up to siting out in the sun and by the fifth well enough to request a sponge bath from the Captain, which almost landed him back in a deathbed if Volstagg had not tackled Thor to the floor while Hogun dragged a giggling Frandal back to his tent. Steven continued his humming and stirring of the pot of stew, smiling up to Sif as she sampled the brew and tittered appreciatively.
“New York receives thousands of tourists a day” Black Widow agreed “You might cover more space staying here than jumping from city to city”
Odin observed the exchange with a blank gaze “The stone of power will remain in Asgard, for safekeeping” He said, voice broking no argument “and in return, I will allow that one, to walk free.”
“Shhh” Thor hushed the Captain as he pulled the chuckling man to his chest and held his ear out to the loud shuffling of the Warrior Three as they too settled down for the night while thoroughly intoxicated. Steven chuckled into the God’s neck, his warm breath ghosting over his heated skin, eliciting a sharp shiver from Thor, who groaned loudly and gripped the charming man closer still.
“Are you even trying?” Loki snarled, a faint outline of a vein pulsing on his forehead from frustration. Steve pursed his lips and nodded, closing his eyes with a sigh.
Jormungandr’s eyes followed the Soldier, tongue slithering out again in a quick flash, almost a greeting as his eyes shone with something akin to amusement.
Ronan staggered back; hurt, bleeding and rabid. His eyes wild as he met the source of all his struggles. Of his humiliation. The Accuser roared his anger free, raising the hammer one last time to obliterate the land of God’s once and for all.
Thor fought to compose his aghast expression, eyes looking around the room randomly: “Yes of course, you did”
Thor smiled like a besotted fool at the Captains oblivious head and continued to do so for most of the night until they all parted to their bed chambers in satisfied quietude.
Outside of the Wedded rooms, in the royal training grounds by the Queen’s private gardens; The Warrior Three and Lady Sif gathered to train and enjoy the warm, summer day when the sounds of grunts and loud crashes once again filled the palace, harsh thumps of bodies against walls and what sounded like a third voice, deep and coaxing, mingling with the intelligible shouts, culminating with high shrill cry of:
Tony’s throat worked for a long moment to hold back the waterworks; finally cranking out “I love you Pepper Potts”
“Hey now, no need to be petty” The Captain admonished, though his eyes shinned still with that mischievous light Thor had now learnt to fear. “Don’t go into the Devils kitchen if you can’t stand the heat”
The All Father grasped Thor’s hand, ripping him from his reminiscing with a small smile on his thin lips. “Thor, tomorrow you are to be wed, and henceforth, you become a man.”
There was no way he hadn’t seen the news, and now he could only guess his reaction. Which would be equal amounts heroic, self-sacrificing and utterly foolhardy.
Thor whistled last night’s tune to himself as he set their food on the small coffee table. Swaying slightly side to side as he maneuvered their meal to be just so, perfect for his husband, as was his due.
Some of his deadly intentions must have shown in his expression, because the representative squirmed and lifted his hands in platitude.
“Please” Tony pleaded, curving into himself, as if protecting his belly from a physical blow and pressed a lingering kiss to her belly button “Please, wait for me”
Howard had been on his way to deliver his version of the Super Soldier Serum, the closest approximation to the one that had made Captain America. He had sold it off for the one thing Tony never could’ve imagined possible.
“Ok” Steven sighed, eyeing the gleeful God of Thunder with a queer twinkle to his blue orbs “Fair is Fair”
Thor was beautiful, really, undeniably breathtaking. Laying there, breathing easy; handsome face smooth in deep sleep, those expert lips shaking softly with sleepy mumbles. His perfect, tan body pebbling with the cold breeze of the early sea waves… and his penis resting thick and heavy on his taut stomach. He was quite large, Steve thought with a fierce blush and a flash of heat sitting low in his belly. He gazed down at the swollen member of his husband, head crooked to the side as he stared his fill, this forbidden, secret peek of the God.
Lady Sif began to swipe faster and only the Captains flawless reflexes managed to save him from being sliced like fresh bread. Thor grew anxious as the sparing became more heated, but held his tongue as he saw the Captain smiling at every successful block and feint. Frandal sighed passionately to his side.
We are up to 300 kudos! How did that happen? I'm so gratefull and humbled by you guys, your awesome and are appretiated. I hope you enjoy this chapter, wrote it for all of you! Lots of love!
Thor caught the Soldier’s mouth in another deep kiss, too lost to do otherwise, and frantically began to unbuckle his belt.
He paused to enjoy the horrified looks in the men’s faces, delighting in this small retribution in Steve’s name. “Sure, I might feel bad at first, but one eyefull of that beautiful ass in a G string and I’ll get over it soon enough. And rest assured, I will never let you have a say on him ever again.”
Tony reached the room where Steve was and ripped the door open. His breath caught in his throat when he found it empty.
to ever mark this marvelous man enough to overcome his ironclad control and any modicum of decency as he fucked his fist in shameless bucking of his hips, feeling as all the muscles in his body clenched and his orgasm extended to near blackout.
Asgards great halls buzzed with tension, filled to the brim with Asgardian nobles and peasants alike. A veritable lynching waiting to happen. Thor fought to stop himself from fidgeting as he strode along the long hall, his brother and Husband surrounded by the All Father’s personal guard who had come to fetch Loki for his trial. Steven’s unshaking resolve to accompany Loki and stand by him during his judgment, even under the guards’ protest, giving Thor the strength to face his fears. And surprisingly, Odin’s loyal guards acceded with very little objections to the Captain’s will, even against the King’s orders.
“Behave, Thor” She scolded softly, accepting the reigns of her mare from one of her maidens and mounting gracefully, her blue eyes never leaving her son’s “Your marriage is not set on stone”
“You better believe it, now if you don’t tell me what the hell you mean by taking the Captain I will start shooting some knee caps.”
The Captain shuffled on his feet, his silence conspicuous enough for Thor to rise an inquisitive brow at the discomfited man, before he quietly confessed “I… wasn’t wearing any”
Steven dug a sharp elbow to the God’s ribs under the table, causing him to splutter his drink and cough violently.
Steve took the elevator to the roof, where the rest of the Avengers, minus Tony, waited for him. Director Fury and Maria Hill stood to the side, equal blank faces as they watched him approach. Crisp uniform, Shield slung at his back and Mjolnir strung on his belt at his side.
“Means he survives to be Asgards idiot for another day” Heimdall finally spoke, reassuring the still shaken Mortal as he released The God’s golden mane and guided him out move civilly by a firm grip on the back of his neck, like an unruly pup “Good day, Captain”
Surprising perhaps only to Steve, the chain extended. From a tightly spun string, yards of light surged and just as Loki cried in elated freedom, Steve gripped at the end of the rope, drawing a sharp gasp from his brother in law and catching him with a steady gaze, his blue eyes open and compelling on the emerald orbs.
“You will remain in Asgard until the wedding, Thor.” The All Father commanded, striding out of his private chambers with barely a glance back “Do not force my hand, I do not think you would like the consequences of testing my patience”
Thor frowned as it dawned upon him. His disgust from the night before coming back in a vicious wave.
“Oh, wow” Steven breathed, eyeing the large bed sat middle of the room, where the walls consisted of large windows staring out to the Queens gardens and the small pond Loki used to lure Thor and attempt to drown him… Thor would not disclose this detail, but eyeing the special place gave him a happy thrill; besides, it was rather beautiful in the early dawn.
Thor glowered like a storm while Steve hunched to the side, covering his flushed cheeks in his hands. The Captain cleared his throat and spoke in the soft, subdued lull of embarrassment “Of course.”
Steve chuckled as his blush receded. “Thanks Hulk, it’s nice to finally be appreciated” And stared pointedly at the snickering assassins to the side.
“Why?” The Captain asked, his cerulean gaze sharp and confused on the God. Thor pursed his lips as his mind set about gathering the facts to this long-standing burden.
Then, three days later. Steven summoned Thor for an afternoon, out of the blue as they had not agreed to any outings as the Captain began to attend his lessons. Thor frowned at the poor maiden that delivered the request and marched determinedly to the meeting point the Soldier had cited. Far in the forest of Asgard, by a river clearing where Steven had felled the Beast.
The whore eyed the coins and the Golden pair, as if weighting her chances, before taking the gold and bestowing Frandal a filthy parting kiss, after which she sauntered away to join the scantly dressed women near the bar; their taunt, naked bodies writhing together to a tune under a shower of random coins.
Tony felt his soul quiver, his arousal all but erased from his body and he gave in “Yeah, yeah. I know, come here, Steve”
” Clint clapped his hands together, face hard and serious as he eyed his teammates “who gets to walk Captain America down the aisle?”
Steve startled and concealed it quickly, offering a polite smile at the woman, who responded with a slightly dazzled look to her husband, who grinned and mumbled “I know right?”
“Quiet now, Mother” His voice crooned softly, nuzzling her temple reassuringly “All is as it should be”
Thor groaned and pulled the man closer, matching the Captains smooth, sleek movements and igniting sparks that pierced him straight through and left him shacking to his very core.
“What about a contract?” The voice man asked after a moment of solemn silence, a screeching halt to the proceedings that almost seemed laughable.
Heimdall observed the humans gathered, saw into them, leaving them shaking and uncertain. He found them all wanting.
Steven snorted a laugh and kicked the ridiculous God away, rolling off the couch and grinning gamely at his husband. “You’re on”
“You be quiet, Loki!” Thor thundered, his mind racing now, his traitorous body heating with the implications of Loki’s words. If that were true, then his dear Steven was…
So when he arrived to the class room where Steven partook in his lectures, he was well prepared for the rush of want when seeing his intended bent over a furiously scribbling Master Bragi. Both men raised their heads to the sound of the grand doors bursting open. One in quiet pleasure, the other carefully blank.
Steven duked his head for a second, drawing his composure from that endless well of courage and batted his long buttery lashes at the red head gamely “I’ll be holding my breath.”
Loki smirked innocently, an expression positively angelic in Steven’s handsome face, his blue eyes batting demurely up to the irate God whose hand shook under his shapely jaw. “You would not dare abuse your husband, would you?”
“Thank you.” Thor felt so overrun by his emotions, by the hope of a happy life with this man that he shot forward without even meaning to, hands up to cup the Captain’s angular jaw and pull the man forward, meeting together in a chaste, but heartful press of soft, velvety lips.
It did not budge. He pulled again more insistently only to notice Steven held it closed from the outside.
“You, Captain, showed me this and for your courage I am eternally grateful” Odin bowed his head to the Mortal and dozens of fainting bodies followed. Thor himself felt at the verge of a spell. Steven on the other hand was far more dignified as he bowed deeply for the king and spoke solemnly.
A moment later he was enveloped in his meaty arms. his whole body shaking as carefully brought his hands up to hold this utterly destroyed Thor, whose hurt and desolation burned worse than the bite of thousands of fatal spells.
“You know you don’t actually own Times Square, right?” Banner asked with a shaky, crooked smile. obviously nervous and slightly overwhelmed under the crowd’s avid eyes.
Turning now to bestow a hard look at his disgruntled son, he continued with an unwavering tone “It is imperative that there be no doubt in these men’s hearts as of the Captain belonging here, of his worth to stand by you, and you alone. Nor must they doubt of Asgards power.”
Quill was just nudging a room open when the wooden door was smashed to his forehead in a vicious shove.
The dark trousers hugging the stark curve of the Soldiers bottom tightly, the muscles of his thighs enmarked clear through the dark cloth, shifting with his every step. The high boots tied high onto his thick calves and accentuating the graceful arch of his ankles. His wide chest covered by a snow-white tunic that revealed the dip of his clavicles and just the mere insinuation of the shadow of the man’s pectorals. The rest of his front enveloped by a leather waistcoat that made Thor’s tongue, amongst other things, swell and flounder.
Hogun cleared his throat and placed his slim gaze on Thor: “My Lord, have you even spoken with him of this?”
The Captain stumbled, appalled. And really, it was his own fault for ignoring the Lady’s wise input. Thor lunged a mighty punch to the man’s crotch.
And they broke fire, some of them even managing to hit some of the Asgardian soldiers where it counted as they tried to advance. Steve shouted over his shoulder “General! Now!”
“First of, Steve and I aren’t an Item” Stark snarled, though the two spots of heat high on his cheeks belied his words “I’ve barely seen the guy since the battle of New York and second: there are no man crushes, zero, nada, zip. AND Third of: If the man didn’t feel like coming, that’s on him”
So now that Thor found himself climbing back to Steven’s chambers minutes before the breaking of dawn, he was forced to reevaluate his life choices. Even so, as he approached the warm bundle in the middle of the bed, he could not help but feel his heart leap and spin. How firm and supple his body looked under the thin covers. Soo inviting.
She was understandably sore, her legs still on the other side of unstable, but she needed this nearly as much as he did, if not more. As Tony ordered Jarvis to hold all calls. Deciding to take the armor instead of the Jet to Geneva would give him a full 5 hours with her. Her smile at that made the nervous tinge in his chest worth it.
Steve sighed and allowed himself to be surrounded by the Avengers. The loud clunk of the Iron Man suit to his side, his metallic gauntlet curling in Steve’s bicep and shaking him.
That morning the children had pleaded so loudly and so vehemently that Clint had given up and just let them skip school, ‘Just this one time’ he had said, struggling to speak as he found himself under the excited wiggles of his children, hugging enthusiastically before sprinting off to clamber on the visitors laps, backpacks forgotten by the door step next to a stunned Clint.
Steve gave him a hard, reproachful look, the first sign of spark from the Soldier since Tony had entered the room. “Everyone has a dark side, Tony; you just haven’t seen mine… you haven’t seen me put myself first.”
“No, you’re right.” Steven agreed in a somber tone, though his eyes sparkled with mischief “But my husband can hit my husband.” And he promptly gripped a wandering appendage and slapped Thor’s own hand smartly on his bearded cheek. Slipping out of the flabbergasted God’s hold with a chuckle and out of arms reach.
Steve scoffed an unamused smile. “Bucky used to say I didn’t know how to run from a fight. But fightin’s  all I’ve ever done. I can’t even remember a time when I wasn’t fightin’ somethin’: Asma, school yard bullies, Nazis, aliens…”
Steve swallowed, blinking about as he tried to recall his dream and drawing up blank “I… I don’t know, I can’t remember.”
“What did you plan to do to stop him?” The Director asked, standing now next to the Dark God with a pointed, no nonsense eye set straight on Quill, mind rushing to assess the level of the threat and the use of the fools in front of him.
When the rainbow lights flashed in the skies before the blond pair, Thor kept his eyes glued to the Captain’s oblivious face, mesmerized as the million colored stars danced on his Betrothed’s fair skin and paled in face of the Mortal’s bright, enchanting eyes.
“Quite simple” The blond man replied, nonchalant and fierce in equal amount “Anything you don’t want punched, you better cover.”
Thor dared raise his eyes to the man, having lowered it sometime in the middle of the scolding. Master Bragi placed a cold, wrinkly hand on Thor’s shoulder. ”She should not have touched the Man without his permission; she should have called to you to be present or the Director, as is only right. That was her mistake, she has paid for it dearly.”
Frigga’s heart hurt for her son, but wisely held her tongue, turning instead to her other child, shifting nervously in front of a tall mirror and fidgeting with his clothes like an overgrown child.
Thor swung a little too harshly at Lady Sif, earning a reproachful glare and a punch to the ribs for his slip. Thor only grew more irritated as he snarled “How did you even know of Steven’s love for art?”
Both blond men sighed loudly when the dark God began to stomp out of their chambers only to be pulled back harshly, as if an invisible force had gripped him by the neck and slammed him down. Loki kicked the floor in silence, jaw gritted shut as he threw a royal tantrum.
Heimdall scoffed softly, to the astonishment of the court as he whispered sullenly “Of course you’d call
Tony flew Thor’s unconscious body back to Avengers Tower, nearly dropping him a dozen times on his way. He kept telling himself they were all accidental. When he got to the docking platform, he kept the suit on, well aware of Pepper waiting for him in the common room and watching him with hard eyes through the wide windows.
But the Captain was gone, breathing the deep pulls of air of the soundly asleep. Thor felt the guilt and unease of the day gather in his chest as he brushed the sweat damp hair from the Captain’s boiling brow. Taking a wet cloth to dab at the fevered skin gently, Thor spent the night counting his love’s breaths. As he promised.
Steven gaped and startled at the seemingly unprompted shift of the decoration. His blush running down his neck and chest like a wave as he nearly ran into the adjacent room.
The next morning Steve woke with the breaking rays of light, the house still and quiet in their sleep.
Last night had been a blur of sadness, of gripping touches and hungry lips. He had never touched another like he had last night, much less a man; Jacques stolen kisses usually ended in Bucky or Dum Dum pulling the man aside and waving a gun under his nose. Not that it summed up to anything; as soon as they survived another ill-fated attack to Hydra Headquarters the man would be pawing at Steve, or any one of them really, to re assert his surviving the impossible.
Thor felt his stomach fall, uncertainty weighting heavy inside him as he beheld the Captain with ever growing horror until thankfully, Volstagg emerged; his legendary strength once again shone true and with a mighty roar he crushed the Soldier’s hand down.
“He will not need another Student” Thor proclaimed, “Steven is talented enough to carry on his memory through his craft.”
He sat up and passed a heavy hand over his face, settling to a night where no sleep would be achieved, he rose from his fur covers and went in search of the only thing that could set his mind at peace in nights as this.
“Right back at you grandp- I mean, Cap!” The strange human stumbled, correcting himself with a soft flush to his scarcely bearded face and finally releasing the Captain’s hand “Captain America. Because you are, The Captain America.”
“And these” Thor breathed anxiously as he set his hands on the handle of the sole remaining room. Building up the courage he burst the door open with a wide grin “Are your private rooms”
“Forgive the misunderstanding, Director. We are not gifting Steven with the man, we are reallocating his Masterpiece to the Captain’s teachings” Frigga explained kindly “In Asgard, to become a Master you must dedicate your life to your craft, and the perpetuation of it through your students, it is not slavery, it is devotion. Much like Midgardian Religion. He is free to do of his life as he pleases; he has merely chosen to live it through his Art”
“If you would give us but a minute” The Master demanded, taking Steven’s hands and turning them over in his owns, not even asking for permission as he pulled at the Soldiers fingers and rolled his wrists in intense scrutiny. Steven blinked down at the man but did not stop him, then turned to Thor in silent askance.
Thor snarled, his legendary patience as always, nonexistent. “Quit the insults and speak clearly, you think it impossible for anyone to lift Mjolnir?”
Thor blinked and nodded, reluctantly letting go of the man in favor to going to find his friends. “Aye, see you then Captain”
Steve swallowed thickly around a sad smile. “It’s only three days and someone has to stay with Loki until I can think of something for his sentence.”
“Captain America, I know.” The Director interrupted, taking out a small communicating devise and tapping at it with his thumb, eye still on the group of aliens as he texted blindly “And if you are right about this Ronan guy, we will need much more than this little firecracker right here.”
Thor followed the blush extend lower at the back of the Soldier’s neck with an intent, heated eye and ambled closer to stand flush against his husband’s body.
Steve understood then where all this franticness came from, stifling another sigh he walked towards his disheveled husband and brought up a gentling hand to pluck the random feathers tangled in those soft, golden rivers on the God’s head. Thor leaned his head towards his palm, as if starved for his touch.
Thor nodded solemnly, running his gaze over Starks body in thoughtful appretiation. “Aye, you certainly have the hips for it”
Thor’s eyes widened at this, even Frigga showed an uncharacteristic bemusement at her husband’s order. Odin remained unaware, or perhaps not, as his smile widened to a terrifying grin. “That should be enough to pacify the most reluctant members of the council, if they are not all dead by then”
“Just sleep?” He whispered again, voice small and pleading. His insecurities laid bare for once for Thor to console and protect.
“Handsomely” The Queen snapped, her patience beginning to run thin “His family is well accommodated in the Palace halls, his son is a fine scribe of the court; his Father was Head of Arts as well, before him, and his Sister is Head Mistress of Healing. They all do so willingly, Director, we are not
After some minutes the Captain emerged, freshly bathed and dressed in his apprentice uniform. Thor curled his arms under his chin, cuddling the ‘Steven pillow’ under it as he grinned up at his husband going about his morning routine. The Captain noticed the eyes set on himself after a moment, pausing in tying the laces of his leather waist coat and tilting his head to the side, meeting Thor’s own gaze with a soft, happy one of his own as he walked forward, his hand reaching out to curl his long fingers into the God’s golden hair. Thor sighed with contentment and continued to gaze up at his husband with quiet appraisal.
“Thor.” He breathed, clenching his fingers onto the God’s arms, stalling him. The God gave one last peck to his lovely lips before rolling off and settling down to his side; large, grand smile and flushed face for his stunned husband as he turned the lights off with a flick of a wrist.
“If you would follow me, gentlemen” Thor’s voice sounded as the prisoners gathered around him “The All Father awaits”
I'm not very satisfied with this chapter, I hope you aren't let down of how I brought this on. Expect the next chapter in a couple of hours, since I will be unavailable most of next week I will try to post the chapters I have writen so far.
With another mighty pound of his Staff, his power cracking and bursting forth in a thick black, sentient string that weaved and spun in the air. Just as Frigga cried out to the All Father, the cord struck Loki’s mouth with a gush of vibrant ruby.
They both conversed pleasantly well into the night, Steven spoke of his journey to reacquainting himself to this time and Thor in turn spoke of his tour around Earth, comparing it to the last instances he had spent amongst the humans, many centuries ago. Far more pleasant than now, if only because in his unworried, lustful youth he had not had the burden and heartache he carried today.
“Hey, how are you feeling?” The Captain asked, gently taking the God’s hands and inspecting the healing knuckles.
” Frandal hissed venomously as he rode past the bewildered God of Thunder, equal looks of envy and dazzle on his companions, who followed the carriage close.
Steve could not remember how he moved or when he decided it was a good idea to cross the Father of Gods, but as his face was splashed with Loki’s blood, still warm and pulsing. He suddenly found himself face to face with the All Father, Mjolnir forgotten across the room and now Gungnir clasped firmly in his bruised hands.
Thor swallowed thickly, his hand holding hers and Mjolnir clenching in spasms. He was troubled and hurting. He understood Jane’s fears, he struggled with his worth constantly but of this, he was certain, just as the sea was wet, the skies above blue, he was certain that Jane, his wonderful, smart, shameless Jane; was worthy.
Loki squealed another round of higher pitched laughter. Until someone shouted: “The fuck you laughing for? You fucked a horse!”
“How can you be sure that this vow will keep, you say? I offer you a sign of Faith” With a flick of a wrist, Mjolnir was ripped from his fingers to his father’s outstretched hand, with startled cried the humans looked on in fascination as Odin set the beloved hammer on display and marched to the middle of the room.
Steven physically jolted at the greeting, his hand going lax in Thor’s hold and his soul retreating completely back from the newly weaven embrace, the stitching still fresh that Thor felt a sharp sting as the Captain’s withdrawal pulled his own soul with him, leaving the God feeling hallow and unbalanced.
Thor tried to coax them to do so. Explaining the standing vow of the All Father and the riches to be had if they succeeded, they only need to take the handle and pull.
Thor cackled loudly at his departure, his arms spread wide on the back of the couch and waited for his shy Betrothed to come out.
On and on, Thor had to relive the excruciating process of diplomatic tongue slashing he had been submitted to for weeks on end, and kept stealing glimpses of Odin’s face, growing more and more wary of the expressionless mask he wore as one by one, Earth’s representatives shamed and denounced Asgard and thus Odin, All Father, for war crimes and terrorism. For longer Thor thought Odin himself would strike down Earth for their impertinence and a single drop of sweat began to taint his brow. Still Odin stood silent.
…” Thor squirmed in his seat under the recriminating gaze of the royal table “well, let’s just say my ass can tell a whole ‘nother story, Captain”
“No fool” Tony stuttered, earning a worried glance from the Captain as he flapped his mouth a couple of times, rebooting his brain “It’s perfect. You earned every single one of those.”
Steven glanced at the All Father with a steely gaze, but bowed gracefully at the God “Thank you, your highness”
Just as Frandal was about to jump into the ring in his excitement and Thor was to throttle him for his impertinence, a dozen soldiers arrived at the sparing grounds, announcing the request of the King for Thor and Steven’s presence in the Throne room. Thor glanced at his now contemplative Intended and nodded at the committee. “We will meet him at once.”
Steve gives his first courting gift (unbeknownst to him), Thor is the envy of the court. And they come to a Hearfelt compromise. Heimdall is not amused.
Tony pulled back reluctantly, but needing to clear his mind from this man. “What are you talking about?”
“Thor.” The Man of Iron shot back with a biting smirk. His eyes hidden behind a pair of dark shades as he sized up the God as if he were not, in fact, a God and Prince; but another one of his Midgardian rivals. Thor had to admit the man had courage.
“Don’t worry Doc” Clint replied, clapping a reassuring hand to his rigid shoulders as he strides past “They’re all vaccinated.”
With a wide sling of an arm, he swung Mjolnir to Heimdall, who moved out of the way as his sight had warned and the mystical hammer flew past and away, not having yet reached a mastery of the instrument even in his worthy hands. He then threw the shield at Heimdall’s head only to be swung back by a harsh rebuttal with his sword, his intentions all but projected for Heimdall’s eyes.
Thor grunted and snarled as he pulled at Volstagg’s fist, giving up all pretense of honor and using both arms in their wrestling, huffing in disgust as Volstagg drank from his tankard, unbothered by the God’s urgent and powerful surges. The Giant released a truly horrendous burp in Thor’s face, the gist of stale breath prompting a startled cry from the God of Thunder and with that last indignity, Volstagg slammed his fist down, dragging Thor to the dirt floor where he promptly dissolved to thundering cackles of mirth.
“Oh, shit, Odin.” Quill gasped in alarm, then correcting in horror, in his mind still fresh how this God had vanquished the same man they had nearly died trying to
When Thor entered the designated bedding rooms, he stalled as he encountered Steven gazing blankly at the large, luscious bed. Like the damned eye the guillotine. Thor forced a smile for the man and held his hands up placatingly to his husband. “Wait here, I have a surprise for you.”
Later that morning, he broke his fast with his Shield Brother’s and Sister. Miss Pott’s already gone to work with a warm farewell and a tender kiss to her fiancé’s lips. Thor gorged himself in the human marvel that were pop tarts, whispering heated praise to the sugary confection, much to the amusement of his friends, and Barton’s open disgust. “Just get a room”
“Good, now go to sleep.” The Director commanded, only missing the head rolls and slippers to complete the simile of old Sister Mary from Steve’s childhood home “We have a lot to do tomorrow morning.”
Thor’s throat closed and worked viciously around the knot that formed, finally croaking out with a watery smile “Thank you, Father”
Thor’s smile widened to a delighted grin as he pranced into the rooms with purpose. Steve smiled back and set his pencil and sketch book aside when Thor reached for him with a searching hand, his calloused palm kneading tenderly at his shoulder. Steve relaxed under his touch and sighed.
Tony had played with the idea before, after being sucked into the wormhole in New York, having seen what he had. He fought to convince himself that he had planned to do this anyways, that he was in control and he hadn’t just gone against all he stood for after his rebirth in Afghanistan.
“… I’m not sure I want you to.” Steve said, honest pinched expression as he passed a tired hand through his hair. The blond locks were longer now than he had ever allowed them to grow and certainly more than his twin image, squirming and hissing under the God of Thunder. The illusion trembled before his eyes, fading away and allowing the slimmer body of the God of Lies to slip around until he managed to punch his husband in the belly.
me to part with the Captain’s affections” The thunder roared ever closer and Frandal chuckled loudly “For you, my dearest friend, I shall”
“What Captain?” Drax cried, shifting to stare at his companions and his enemies in a confused state “We came for the Siren!”
Loki rolled his eyes at the sight, following their retreat with a pinched expression until they gathered around the pond to chatter like clucking hens. The dark God hid a smirk behind a napkin, concealing the flex of his fingers, the magic weaving mischief in a flick of his wrist while the Captain was occupied pouring the tea.
“I will if you do” He bargained. The doctor nodded and stepped away, letting the assassins come forward. Clint handed him a poster of his USO days with a scribbled, deformed Mjolnir drawn onto his hand.
Loki sneered, though his eyes sparkled at being outsmarted by the other God. Amused as he was loath to be. “I will be there”
“Don’t cry” Loki spluttered, a bit of hysteria spilling into his voice as he sat up abruptly, emerald eyes blown wide and fixed on that bearded, trembling lip. “Thor,
Thor had half the mind to pick it up and just curl back into his bed and be done with it. When he heard it, the soft sounds of light feet landing onto his balcony. Thor saw a large shadow stand before his closed windows, the curtains obscuring the true shape of the intruder as he stood there, breathing audible even at the distance; as if shaken, and then, a soft knock on his windowpanes.
Steve froze in his seat. Mind flashing back to the blank faced man and his terrifying efficiency. To the blood-stained collecting card he had glued to the back of his shield, just inside the leather handle where the pulse on his wrist brushed. Steve nodded sagely eyes meeting with Fury’s in a severe understanding.
Thor frowned at the human, but wisely kept his silence. The director smiled. “You do understand that this wedding is purely business?”
“Shhh, Thor!” The man rushed to silence the God, batting his worried hands away “You’ll wake up the whole palace… just…” Steven sighed heavily and turned to the balcony and the gardens bellow “just follow me….”
“I love you” He sobbed, gripping the soft lace between his fingers and ripping away. Pulling the small pieces of torn cloth away to reveal her, naked and gorgeous and so perfect, to his tearing eyes.
His hips convulsed in halted, harsh thrusts. She chanted another’s name, over and over; pleading, overcome and so, so, lost in pleasure. The very same name Tony ached to say. And then she peaked with a jolt and a shriek, dragging him over the edge with her as he shoved in balls deep. Tony finally let go and howled: “
First of, thanks to everyone who has commented so far, hearing from you guys has really motivated me to continue writing this story and I really enjoy hearing your opinions and feedback. So this chapter is dedicated to all of you.
With a pained shout, Thor felt the tendrils of Loki’s magic scorching his wrists, binding him to the cell’s cold floor in an unbreakable grip. Loki’s eyes shinned an emerald blaze as his magic, once bound and suppressed, spilled forth in menacing waves.
Bruce stepped up and straightened the tie at his neck with expert hands, surprising Steve into a motionless silence. “Take care of yourself, Steve”
Odin pursed his lips for a long moment, seeming to deliberate over something as they finally entered the great halls and joined their partners by the golden doors.
He closed the door behind himself with a quiet snicker, smiling at the now empty bed, rumpled sheets where the Soldier used to lay, warm and grumpy and so very his.
“You are not my Family!” Loki spat, his own eyes flaming with emerald hues of magic. “You are my captors!”
“Here! An early wedding present” Tony handed a manila folder with the new contract, freshly signed and notarized. He watched Steve take the folder and open it absentmindedly, until he caught the words on the paper. His long fingers clenched around the folder in spasms, throat working as his sapphire eyes shot back and forth over the long text that now proclaimed Captain America property of Steven Grant Rogers.
“Fret not Steven, these are no regular goats.” The God received an unconvinced glance as those beautiful blue eyes looked down at the little beasts and their rather large cart with uncertain shifts. “Here, observe…” Thor pulled his cape out of Tanngrisnir’s mouth, pointing at the closest pillar of the Royal Stables and barked “Yeet!”
Steve tugged at the cloak with an abashed smile. “Yeah, I guess so. Still not a fan of capes though”
“You will not be alone.” Steven vowed, breaking the Odinsons from their despair. The Captain stood tall and severe before the crestfallen Gods, his eyes blazing with promise as he spoke “And I for one will not stand by for any more of these Godly tantrums. You will have a fair trial. I promise.”
He flew over oceans with his heart in his throat and the harrowing feeling that he had failed, himself, the world and Steve. God, how was he going to protect him now?
“No, no, no, give me that, you have the little one” Thor demanded, beckoning with his hand for the Captain to release the better charcoal pencil. Their dinner laid half eaten as they both sat quietly and attempted to draw one another in large pads of fine, creamy paper.
His inquiries went unheard as the table continued to fawn over the wedding rings, aliens and human’s alike muttering about the bands in excited musings.
“I will have to marry Thor” Steve said, for the first time voicing it out loud, a sinking feeling gripping his gut “I’ll have to leave Earth”
The Widow smiled a secretive smile and took the drink out of Stark’s hand. “Last I heard he was in Washington; I’m supposed to join him in a few weeks”
“That’s settled then, Naked Thor and his Mythical Hammer, next up un Times Square.” Tony prattled, a large smile on his bearded face, clearly enjoying the Captain’s consternation, his earlier anger all but forgotten as the night grew old.
Sooo, this happened, I know it wasn't the smut scene that you wanted but maybe it was the one this story needed. Tony needs a break and Pepper is always there for him, even when she shouldn't. I love those two so much.
Loki arched Thor’s brow inquisitively at Steve, who gave him a wide grin “He ate it just as fast as you did”
To be fair, Steve had been in the army and he developed a stiff upper lip even Fury would envy. Sure came in handy in times like this. Where an angry God boiled people to death and near mutilated his own son.
Steven returned his smile with a demure kirk of his pink lips, his eyes shyly dipping and darting back to his husband in a charming display before squaring his wide, strong shoulders and turning towards the other God in the room, who sat arching an irritable brow at the two spouses and looking one tender gesture away from vomiting into his bandages.
“I am” Nat said, setting her golden cup on the saucer and arching a high eyebrow daringly “So, what’s it going to be boys?”
“My friends!” Thor boomed, grabbing hold of the three bodies and hauling them up in a show of strength, laughing as the Doctor yelped and Barton cheered. Lady Natasha huffing a breath as she was released, with barely an arch of a brow to show for the undignified treatment as she turned to Steven with a contemplative gaze.
“You know, your Brother reminds me of someone from when I was a boy” The Captain admitted after a thoughtful second “Old mister Tom, they looked nothing alike, mind you” Steven smiled warmly at his memory and closed his eyes as if to recall the face of the man long gone. “Must be the brisk accent or their flare of… suave”
“Stop that” Natasha snapped, her eyes steady forward as she flew the jet at breakneck speed. Steve jolted at the reprimand, and nodded with a sigh.
Sif was proud of her skill, happier with a sword in her hands than she had ever been with a pretty dress. This was her calling, and maybe even the Prince’s own love for battle a part of her infatuation, a calling of kindred souls, though she was old enough now to admit that the beginning was not all her own. “But deep down I find myself still the little girl who cut her long hair and burnt her silk skirts just so the prince of Asgard would look her way”
And the Captain smiled. Thor could feel the man and how happy he was to see their friend that he could not help the pang of hurt and jealousy. That smile was supposed to be for him.
“Then I shall gift you with sights of far greater splendor until you have it in your heart to call Asgard home”
“Your highness” Heimdall greeted him, his voice empty of feeling though a steadying hand held him on his feet.
Norn’s, the delegates had even shaken hands with the Captain! Great smiles on their faces as Steven had commended their work and equanimity.
“So that is settled” Frigga chirped, her face glowing as she clasped her hands excitedly “Now on to the wedding preparations!”
“Shut up” The Captain barked, red-face and mortified as he argued his point to a ravenous God “You saw the suit! It just kept bunching up and… Shut up”
“Hey there, prince charming” Fury smiled, all teeth and bite “you ain’t married yet, do keep your hands to yourself.”
“I am here to defend the Captain's honor” Tony grinned merrily “As a member of the Avengers, I believe I have every right to be here as you do, considering that I am funding the whole shi-ding.”
Thor nodded to the man and smiled sheeply. “Aye, it is a pleasure to see you again Master Bragi, you have aged well…”
Steve felt a shit eating grin part his lips before he even set his eyes on the astonished red head. He thought he could even see a bit of a pleased glint to her blue eyes.
(There is a bit of smut in this chapter, I will mark again in bold letters the start and the end of it in case you want to skip it.)
Sorry for the late chapter, my life has been a bit hectic this last week, I hope this chapter would make up for it. Let me know your thoughts so far! Kudos!
Thor gripped his Fathers hand for a second, a gesture of gratitude since words were missing to express his emotion. Odin nudged his silver head to his son’s golden one, a gesture so bizarre now that Thor was grown but so cherished when he was a child that the blond God could not help but snicker.
“You are burning up, Steven” Thor startled, pressing his large hands to his forehead and neck in gentle taps.
“This is nice” Thor breathed to the dip of the Captain’s spine, where two defined, sensual dimples crowned the luscious plump of the man’s behind. Thor grinned jubilant as he took full advantage of his situation. “Heimdall can no longer hit me for touching you.”
Outside, the maids squealed as the loud sounds of furniture shifting about violently and hard thuds of heavy bodies hitting the walls rose once again from the bedding rooms. The Guards flushing and shifting as the commotion grew louder, crashes and grunts joining the fray and culminated with a harsh cut off roar.
Thor arched a daring eyebrow at the deliberating Soldier. “Well, Captain? Are you up for the challenge?”
Thor grew restless as he was swamped by tasks for the wedding which impeded him from finding his wayward fiancée and shake him. Or embrace him.
The Captain was settling extraordinarily well into Asgard life. Over two months and only a few days away  from his return to Midgard as Ambassador, Steven had become indispensable in Odin’s Council. He was astoundingly wise for one so young and his contributions to Odin’s court went seldomly overlooked; on the contrary, most of the royal counselors awaited eagerly for the Captain to voice his thoughts whenever they leaned over a war plan. Steven had a sharp mind that had given even the All Father pause on more than one occasion, and he was so very humble and unassuming, but so firm in his ideals that one could only nod and follow. The Captain was so very resilient and intuitive, his integration near effortless.
Nebula blinked and sneered “You traitor, Father will know of this, your life and mine will be forfeit.”
Steven stumbled back dramatically as Mjolnir went with ease, offering no resistance. The mythical hammer light and perfectly balanced as only fit for an instrument of the Gods.
“Heimdall!” Thor yelped, scurrying off the couch and spinning towards the closed door and the… empty room.
“No!” Sif cried, startling both Steven and herself in her vehemence. Sif sighed heavily, stopping definitively and gazing into the Captain’s honest eyes with her last dredges of courage “No, Captain… There is no need for that.”
Thor snarled and gripped his brother by the throat, pulling him onto the bed, shoving him roughly down and caging him in.
He snarled and pulled the reluctant man in for another kiss, desperately coaxing, pleading for the man to open to him. Tony’s face began to burn and eyes sting when Steve pushed away.
“Wow! You’re like an action figure!” Cooper awed, his distress all but forgotten and coming forward to poke Steve in the chest.
“Steven?” Thor whispered after the passion had burned out and only his deep, overwhelming love for this delight of a man remained. The God curled himself over the human, head resting on the Soldier’s chest and closing his eyes to marvel at the steady beat of this miracle he held in his arms, now truly his in every sense.
Thor allowed his head to hang, troubled and struggling under his morals and his duty. Odin saw this and placed a comforting hand to his slumped shoulder “We can only wield so much power as they believe we have. If this faith quakes, if there is even the slightest question to our claim as Protectors of the Realms, we are
“I, Frandal the Handsome” He sent a very pointed look to his awestruck companions as he went on “Would repay you with a view as splendid as yourself, but it is for naught; I see that now, for the Norn’s have depleted their treasures in your making”
The God rewarded him with a smooth glide and clench of his fist along his length, curling and swirling in expert flicks of his wrist over the bulbous head of Steven’s cock, retracting the skin and teasing the tip with it in fast, near fucking motions.
“No Thor! It’s not!” Jane burst, eyes shinning with tears, for once letting all her emotions show and the heartache Thor saw in her sweet eyes made his blood run cold “If you do this, we will never be able to be together again! I can’t stay and know that I am not the one for you!”
Loki blinked his big green eyes at Thor, his expression open but for a second, then morphing into an ugly snarl as sleep left his consciousness.
“Look Cap, I know you feel you have to stay, and if you really want to, I won’t fight you.” He straightened, pulling his hand away and stepping back, truly letting Steve decide “But Nat has gone to get Bruce and we're meeting in 30 minutes on the other side of town. If there is even the smallest bit of you that is not sure about going through with this, you’ll come with me.”
Odin released another series of delighted chuckles as the elderly night janitor of the Council chambers once again huffed and puffed as he pulled at Mjolnir’s handle, like many a night before.
Steve rolled over the Beast’s chest and dealt him a fierce punch, cracking one of the horns that framed its’ mouth. The Thing roared and flung a heavy arm to Steve’s head. Steve turned in time with the impact, giving him the momentum to roll onto the forgotten swords and take them in hand. Spinning back toward the turning Monster and cleaving one blade deep through the meaty shoulder, effectively pinning it to the marble floor.
“I don’t know what I think about you, really” Steve confessed to a confused God. “But I have this feeling that maybe… this is not all it seems to be”
“Banner is going to get it when he comes back” Clint giggled, passing another pot of Fondue to the Hulk, like a treat to a beloved pet. “Tell us all about it big Guy, what do you like best of the Captain?”
“I thought I could get back on my feet, and now…” Steve paused, a glistering look in his baby blues that shone something like defeat. “Sometimes I wonder if there is a limit to how much a man can give, before there isn’t any more left to take. But as they keep on taking and taking, I don’t think I know how to stop losing.”
“You have known my people; we do not fear the other. You would suffer no scorn in Asgard.” Thor vowed to the troubled Doctor before laying a comforting hand to the smaller man’s shoulder “But you must not decide now, a thought for better times, my friend?”
Heimdall felt pity for the Worthy One and decided best to hasten their departure. The sooner he had the man where he could be honored as he should, the better.
There you go, a good old Midgardian ceremony for our lovelies, I hope it wasn't to tacky, but I really felt it at the time. Please let me know your thoughts on the chapter. I still can't believe this story is up to 500 kudos. I woke up to that and I freaked! Thank you so much for all the support and love.
“He can’t be away from me for more than a couple of hours at a time” Steve explained patiently, walking around the bed and sitting on his side as he pulled his boots off with tired, mechanical motions. “and until I pass the string to you tomorrow, there is nowhere else he can be.”
To the side Bruce smiled gently at the mortified Captain and the fuming God of Thunder “Don’t listen to him, Steve. I think you looked great.”
Frandal gapped and removed the woman from his body, leaning forward with a hiss: “How dare you, I am Frandal the Charming! I could woo any man or woman that I so choose!”
The dark God frowned internally, his pace faltering for a step and chasing a swift side look on Steven’s stony face. Now that he observed the stiff posture of the Human and the hurt that shined from his clear, butterfly winged, blue eyes. The lie was too clumsy, to frail for even Thor to set his feeble intellect on.
Many years had passed since then, he would never fit on his Fathers lap again. Thor was now taller than the All Father; wider and stronger. A far cry from the boy he had been then when he could curl comfortably in Odin’s arms, his head snuggly tucked under the bearded chin.
The old Master flushed and struggled to voice his thoughts on the Captain’s singing voice. “His voice is quite… pleasant yes, though the intonation and tune he employs are… well, quite provocative.”
“This is a disaster” Thor becried in despair “It is wrong, it cannot happen, this thrice dammed hammer has doomed us.” He let a sobbing breath go, face twisted in a hateful sneer “I curse it, I curse the foul thing.”
, his handsome face clear and taken by pleasure, that charming blush set high on his cheekbones and his body.
“Thor” Steve greeted in surprise, freshly bathed in the pool like baths of his room, pink skinned and wearing flimsy trousers and shirt that stuck on him like a second skin. Thor rove his hungry eyes over the Captain and smiled at the blush that graced the man’s cheeks.
“And what of Asgards protection?” The President asked, sliding the folder away as if personally offended by its existence, which to be fair, might be the case. “Our continued survival may rest on this marriage and you want us to just let that lay on one man’s decision.”
“You will not regret this in the morning?” Thor questioned, voice frail as he had never allowed himself to be “You will not regret us?”
“Well, of course!” The Director leaned back in his seat, all relaxed and leisurely as he spoke “We’re already clear that the Captain is ‘Worthy’” Many nodded around the room, sending admiring glances in Steve’s direction, mostly blocked by the Directors tall frame. Fury, clasped his fingers on his chest, his leg crossed at the ankle as he drilled on “Now, I wanna hear why
Steve ignored him, his unwavering eyes set on the General “You and me; fight one to one, there is no need for anyone else to get hurt”
“I know” Thor barely suppressed a round of unseemly giggles at the thought, already seeing the jealous and covetous glances from the gathering Nobles around the halls.
And bestowed the trembling God with the most caring, soulful kiss he had ever been gifted. A promise more so than the Captain’s beautiful vows. And Thor did sob then, hiding it with a chuckle before blinking away the tears that had gathered mutinously in his blue eyes.
Steve sighed and turned away from that problem immediately. He ain’t touching that with a 10 foot pole.
She nodded, fixing her hair behind her ear in an effort to regain composure. “We can’t do that, ever”
“Steven” Thor groaned when the man pulled away only to roll the God onto his back and straddle his hips in a confident, fluid motion. Thor’s breath caught in his throat as he gazed up at the Soldier, face flushed by both the drinks and his characteristic bashfulness as he settled on the God’s lap and curled over his stunned husband with a soft, simply darling smile.
Tony finally managed to escape the council room with most of his blood, the politicians having latched on to his neck like leaches after his slip. poking and probing and nudging for more as they set the foundations for a military contract to ensure Tony was well and truly shackled for the rest of his life.
Heimdall nodded and walked past him to the other end of the UN plaza, giving a silent signal and stopping his army’s onslaught, startling the human forces into an uncertain pause as well as they saw the dark Guardian part his forces in silence, his presence alone a threat far greater than the hundreds of men in golden armors.
“He especially enjoyed the pie” Thor crooned, his heated voice blowing softly in the Captains flushed ear. Steve shuddered as the hot breath hit his blushing face and fought to stay still under Thor’s groping hands.
“Two dudes…” Quill mussed, breathing deeply as he tried to convey security to his trapped friends “Odds are still good”
Thor pulled a pair of trousers on blindly, invoking Mjolnir to his hand at the same time before he followed Steven down the many stories of the Palace walls and scurried under the night sky out and deep into the woods in ever growing dread as the distance grew further and further from the safety of Asgardian civilization.
“Of course, Steven. These are our chambers, you will have your own private rooms as well as our common, wedded bed.” Thor explained with a large smile, guiding the surprised Captain across the antechambers to the largest pair of doors to what would be their shared bed.
Steve smiled, striding forth and meeting the dark eyes of the Serpent, his great green orbs following the Soldiers approach with a keen and calculating gaze, so bright and cunning he immediately saw the resemblance to the God of Lies. Which was both a strange and fascinating realization.
He flew at max speed, pushing the limits of the armor until the joints wheezed and protested. and then he pushed more. He saw the live feed of the UN chambers, how the blue helmets and neighboring armies began to gather around the growing forces of Asgard.
Gamora swallowed thickly, eyes welling as Nebula spouted her hurt like venom “When he would tear me apart and put me back together; again and again and again and
Cheers erupted from the room as the mortal jumped onto the tables and began to reenact the most shameless gyrating of hips that Thor had ever witnessed. Blatant lovemaking for the eyes of the astounded Asgardians who promptly forgot the many, young swaying wrenches and gravitated to the new and far superior show.
“Ha… Great.” Steve exhaled a shaky, humorless laugh. Rising to his feet in an angry leap under Loki’s studious gaze, the mortal began to pace. “It wasn’t enough that I outlived everyone I knew once,
“We’ll see about that” Steve surged forward, instead of striking with the sword at the waiting monster, he threw the whole thing at the horned head and slipped to the floor, swiping the Thing’s feet from under it with a powerful kick. The Monster fell with a grunt, both swords falling to the side and out of reach.
“For your information, Katniss. I would look fantastic in a dress” Tony shot back, completely unperturbed by the statement and sipping what had to be his sixth drink of the night.
Tony’s mind still reeling from the events in Genève. Steve, Brooklyn brat Steve, had beat the holy shit out of a God.
Odin closed his eye and turned to gaze out of his window. “I did not plan for this to happen, but I am not as wise as I should be.” Thor startled at the admission, as close to an apology as Odin could ever be. The All Father allowed himself a second of remorse, before nodding resolutely, unshakable once more. “You will have the one the Norn’s have fated for you”
Then he shot to the air in a burst of propulsors. Making the math of soldiers per hour until he got to the other side of the world. The math wasn’t flattering.
“Promise?” Steven gripped on to the God, blue eyes big and supplicant “You’ll wake me? You’ll wake me up if I start to slip away?”
“I… I’m sorry Thor. I didn’t mean to hurt you” Steven whispered, shoulders slumped and regretful. Thor brought his hands up to rub his tired face as he built up the courage to speak his doubts.
Thor rode his stallion to the Bifrost that afternoon like a whole new man. After having been alerted of Mjolnir’s movements, he had left his Brother’s cell in search for his Mother. Finding her at the edge of her gardens, over watching the Bifrost as she used to do when he or his father had parted for battle. Just as he joined her they both caught the flashing of the rainbow lights, alerting them of the return of their forces. They had both ran to the throne room where Odin sat with a bewildered look in his bearded face.
The Captain smiled demurely, his wide hands coming to cover the naked spots of skin that his ruined clothes allowed “It was a burst of a moment… thing, Your Grace.”
“ I heard what happened in Genève” She whispered, her honey brown eyes cast downwards to their intertwined fingers “I saw the meeting of the UN with your Father on the news”
Thor gasped, muscles clenching as he fought the invisible hold while fire licked its way across his useless limbs. Loki pressed a soft kiss to Thor’s cold cheek, whispering softly in his ear. “Sleep tight, brother”
The Director smiled crookedly and picked his bags up as the rest of the Team gathered their belongings with small but heartfelt smirks.
Odin’s face was impassive, a blank face of stone as he stood in front of Earths most influential beings hungry for blood and retribution. And yet…
“You are adapting Steven.” The Queen explained, sitting now by the shade of one of her gazebos, surrounded by her flock of young maidens gracefully fluttering by to tend to her every whim. And sending Steve the most salacious looks he had received since his USO days. Steve sat freshly bathed and flushed under the tittering attentions of the ladies. Frigga took her cup of tea and swirled the liquid with a tiny spoon as she spoke “This is the longest any human has remained in Asgard, in all our history. She begins to call to you.”
Thor plundered the Captains mouth in deep, all-consuming strokes, swallowing the little gasps the Captain let slip in between kisses. Then Thor’s hands began to wonder lower.
“One… two… Three!” Volstagg counted and as soon as the count was done, he curled over their joint hands, pitting all his strength into the hold. And still, Steven held fast.
“Wash your mouth out with this. Do you think you could eat anything solid?” Silence responded the Captain’s gentle promptings as he tended to the wounded God “It’s ok, they sent some broth for you.”
Thor’s heart speed to painful heights, hammering against his sternum so harshly his pulse rang high in his ears, a hot blush of his own gathering on his cheeks and wandering down his neck as he gazed longingly up to his beautiful, delightful husband and suddenly Thor could not speak, could not think around the surge of want; of soul scorching love he felt for this wonderful man. And when their lips finally met again in those soft, tender strokes Thor so loved, he broke.
“I am lucky indeed, to be able to spend the rest of my days at your side. You on the other hand, have been cheated horribly”
“Come in” He called, getting to his feet to receive whomever guest had come. It wasn’t proper to be seated when you had guests over. His ma had taught him better than that.
I love reading your comments so please keep it up! I'll try to answer to each one of you as soon as I can.
Steven blinked blearily, eyes far away and carefully blank “Well I had heart palpitations and allergies to just about everything so, I didn’t plan that far ahead.”
Thor burst into their wedded chambers eagerly, a happy greeting dying on his lips as he found his Steven standing solemnly by the tall windows, gazing out into the flourishing gardens with a large, golden apple in his elegant hand.
The Captain breathed out a troubled breath “I, I never really thought of it, being a dad… I never really had one.” Steven confessed, shy now, though present and that was enough, as Thor began to fear these spells that emptied his Betrothed’s eyes to an almost doll like gleam. The Captain turned his face to Thor as he spoke gently “My old man died when I was still a runt of a thing, barely remember him, and what I do… I just don’t think that is a good example of what a dad should be like.”
“Besides” Laura chipped in, holding her children’s eyes firmly “there doesn’t have to be a girl and a boy for a marriage; two boys or two girls can get married if they love each other enough, and there is nothing bad about that”
The Captain laughed and pulled away to follow the Director’s shadow down the corridors of the palace. “I will see you for Dinner”
Alas, it was all for not and Thor walked with a little spring in his step to the Great Halls to break his fast with more than a little jubilance on the prospect of Earth and his adventures to come.
Jormungandr flicked his tongue out like a whip, wrapping on the God’s waist and pulling him into the water in a blink. Steve barely had the thought of calling out when the high cackles of glee from the God halted his panic.
Captain America climbed the steps to his Betrothed’s side, clothed in a skin tight uniform of dark azure scales of tornasol armor shifting from marine blue to blood red with every shift and clench of the Soldier’s muscles, all accentuated and laid naked in stark relieve under the armored suit; a lone, snow white star in the middle of his wide chest. His beautiful physique, perfect in every way, strong and unapologetic for all to admire and
A couple of seconds later, millions of years length away, they landed in Genève. Home of the United Nations and just at the mounting stairs front of reports of all countries. The resounding shout of startled earthlings was soon drowned by the bright flashes of cameras, almost brighter than the Bifrost’s embrace. unperturbed by this, Odin marched Sleipnir to the very doors of the Council doors, the human reporters and security agents parting from his path in silent awe.
A loud cheer was released in the echoing halls of Asgards palace, almost like a war cry. Steven swallowed imperceptibly and lowered his gaze.
Steve tried anyways, feeling like a child wishing on a shooting star, a beggar tossing his last penny down to a wishing well.
Thor continued to hold the ever increasingly perturbed Captain, eyes firm, reassuring as he was not inside for his soon-almost-
Ok, so things are happening on my side, and I decided to upload this now instead of later, I don't know how often I will update again, probably not again this week. I hope you guys enjoy this and give me your thoughts on the plot line. Writing baby!Steve got me cooing like an idiot. Also, I have a bit of a playlist for this fic, I found out. Would anyone be interested in having me posting it in the first chapter or as a side story? Let me know in the comments. Kudos!
Thor chuckled softly at the endearing moodiness of the half-asleep Soldier and placed a lingering kiss to the charming man’s brow before slipping off the bed and crossing their room for the antechamber, pulling at his skirts where they had bunched around his hips during the night.
“You are most welcome.” Thor whispered back, pressing his forehead to the man’s in a comforting bump.
“Of course, of course…” Thor muttered, eyeing the Captain with a queer twinkle to his blue eyes “of course… of course”
The crowd caught on quickly and began to chant the Captains name in eager summonings. The captain rubbed the back of his flushed neck and sighed in mortification “You know what, Stark.”
Heimdall had been a constant in his life since he was a babe, his expression always frozen into stone, indecipherable to him. And now he understood, it was not that the man did not show emotion, but that he showed them all at once.
Steve found himself on the marbled floor once it was over, the remains of his cape shredded under his fingers, strips of it scattered in the floor. Like claws had been taken to the fabric in vicious snipes.
“At the very least I won’t have to stare at Odin’s smug face for all eternity” Loki mused, carefully handling the warm slice of pie and taking a ginger bite. Thor sniggered as Loki moaned in pained delight.
Thor felt himself go fainter as his husband doled on excitedly, taking a knife to the steaming pastry of Hel, looking as tempting as any treat of damnation would. Thor’s mouth watered just at the memory of it.
“Don’t thank me yet” The Archer shot back, an absolutely wicked smile on his face “We’ll see you at the bachelor party”
That night he burst into Steven’s room, startling a peacefully reading Captain to nearly tumbling out of his lounge on the couch. Thor did not respond to the Captains surprised greetings as he hurried to his side and promptly sprawled over him, hiding his face in the man’s taunt stomach and breathing his clean, fresh scent. Heimdall be damned…
“You may not believe this, but Loki used to love earth” Thor nodded at the human’s startled gaze “Respected and cared for humans like none of us ever had. To him, being the joke of these people he cherished so was a grievous wound, indeed.”
The God shrugged, whipping his knotted hair over his muscled shoulder as he spoke “It’s fine, Captain… I just think it’s funny how-“
Fury chuckled to himself as he settled on his knees next to the Captain, hands clasped together in prayer as they both silently agreed to leave bygones be bygones and draw comfort in the one thing they both believed in above all the horrors they had witnessed.
Tony clenched his fists in the air, convulsing shut as he fought the will to again, scream and scream and never stop.
“Has he any inclination for the fine arts? Or is this in preparation for his introduction to the court?”
“With all due respect, General Ross.” Steve said, his eyes hard and firm on the elder man “Go fuck yourself.”
“And who knows” The Widow added with a rare, kind smile. “Maybe next time we meet you’ll be a married man”
“Will you, really?” Sam asked, his voice calm and reasonable, Steve could almost picture him in his chair, face open and welcoming, understanding.
“Away where?” Tony barked, his hand immediately enveloped in his glove gauntlet, propulsors at the ready and aiming straight to the remaining eye.
Steve clenched his trembling hands into fists. His eyes glued to the black splotch that not a minute ago, had a steady breath and pulse.
The God of Thunder was then promptly toppled over by the ways of a pillow shoved in his face as the Soldier rolled away and out of bed with a disgusted groan.
Steve thankfully understood the gestures and grinned self-consciously: “I know, it’s a lot. I don’t think I can pin all these on the jacket, it’s enough that I have to wear the hat”
“A pleasure to meet you, Starlord” The Captain said amicably, shaking the man’s hand once more and gently pulling his palm away from the stunted grip of the other human.
“Captain, I would like you to meet the Warrior Three and Lady Sif” Thor boomed, grinning proudly as his friends struck a gallant pose and bowed their heads in respect.
“Fuck” Thor growled and pounced, his lust breaking out as he vowed to give Steven a taste and then some. His hands curling on the back of the Soldier’s thighs, roughly parting them and pulling him to straddle his lap, ripping a startled gasp from the sweet man as Thor seized his mouth, their cores pressed together intimately, the warmth of their bodies seeping through their clothes as they fell in to each other, like two puzzle pieces assembling, slotting together perfectly.
“I offer this” Odin pledged, his eye meeting his son’s with that weird spark Thor had seen at the beginning of the meeting and now unconcealed. “To thee who is worthy of Thor”
Steve found Pepper Potts standing a few paces outside the common room doors, face pale and stony as she pierced her wide blue eyes with his, completely aware of the wet gleam of his kiss swollen lips, a bit of beard burn stinging his mouth, and wasn’t that a strange feeling?
His mind had been assaulted with the sweet tones of his late mother’s voice, how she had spoken to him when he was bedridden with fever in his childhood, which was every other Tuesday to be fair. How she had told him of how she had planned her wedding day, she had been a spring bride, which had not been so good as the weather had not yet mellowed out by then, but on the bright side, there had been flowers a plenty. She had loved her flowers.
“But you didn’t fail us” The Captain insisted, his blue eyes firm and coaxing “And you were there… I felt you”
“Seems like you are fitting in just fine” She mused, eyeing the Captain dressed in Asgardian fashion, dark wine colors and black cloak contrasting with his fair coloring just so to make him look as severe as he was handsome. Thor liked this very much.
“My mama didn’t raise no floozy, sir.” Steve agreed cheekily, eyebrow arched moodily and fighting to keep an amused smile off his face.
A dark, tall man with an eyepatch emerged from behind a pillar, a small weapon pointing squarely at the other human’s head.
? what even?” Rocket exclaimed, little paws gripping at a bored Groot. The Director finished his text and grinned evilly.
His brother be damned. Thor sighed and released his half hard cock, curling forward and taking his own shirt to dab regretfully at the mess he had made of his husband, gently cleaning his darling cock and tucking his clothes back up proper, as if he had not been ravished by a ravenous God only minutes ago. And Steven allowed it, laying soft and pliant under Thor’s hands, eyes wide and awed as his husband set them to rights and pulled him to cuddle close, holding him tenderly to his chest, pressed close to his heart where he belonged.
The Captain flushed and pulled his hands out and away from the God’s enamored ministrations with a bark of laughter. Turning his back to the nude God in a shy spin to continue his grooming. “That’s nice”
“Blow up his ship?” The Raccoon suggested, the large tree nodding agreeably at the animal’s suggestion.
“I insist” Frandal bemoaned, a Barmaid sat on his lap and pressing his head lovingly to her burgeoning breasts “How are you so lucky?”
He couldn’t help feeling he had sold his soul to the Devil. And as he shook hands with the now mollified politicians, he couldn’t even bring himself to regret it.
He rubbed his tired eyes as he sat on the long sofa where he had left Thor, not even caring anymore that the God wasn’t there, honestly he couldn’t stomach seeing his face right now.
Moments later, a brave, stupid soul dared to lay a hand on his shoulder. Heimdall opened his eyes and glared. The slim, tall man fell backwards in convulsing wails, his eyeballs pouring out of their sockets in red viscous gushes.
limp, they will expect a child by the end of the year.” Steven shuffled from one foot to the other in dismal dawning “I am of Odin’s line, we are fertile beyond believe. Why did you think no one questioned Odin appearing out of the blue with Loki in his arms?”
And as the God regained his senses, gazing down to the flustered Soldier; laying still with his shirt bunched over his lovely chest, trousers tanged on his ankles and absolutely drenched in the God’s essence. Thor’s softening cock began to fill anew and only the stunned look in Steven’s innocent eyes halted his lust from simply taking the man at that moment.
Steven scoffed, his lively, fiery self coming out as he ducked his head down to the God’s chest, giving his armored sternum an affectionate nuzzle before the man sighed “I love it… Thank you”
“It wasn’t a compliment” Lady Sif rose an imperious eyebrow at the Soldier, whose smile turned ferocious as he regarded her, daggers ready and eyes shining.
Had he died of a natural cause, gone quietly in his sleep? Or had his tired knees given their final insult and fell and hit his shiny bald head?
?” The woman kept her silence, her eyes low under the demand of the wrathful Thor. “Aye, I thought so.”
“I am Heimdall, the All Seeing Guardian of the realms.” The man spoke, approaching Tony with a steady step “I do not wish for your blood, Man of Iron”
How do you fight when the enemy wears the face of a friend? How do you win when what you need to do is lay your hands to rest instead of punching back?
Loki recoiled at that, a vicious sting piercing his dark heart at the nonchalant wording of that he had held so dear and had been his downfall. His hands clenched into fists, fighting with the rage and despair he felt rising, threatening to choke him with its unforgiving grip.
Frigga admonished in horror as the Mighty King of Asgard and Protector of the nine realms, tripped over his own feet, laughing like a common fool…
The Captain smiled shyly at the God, pulling the others hands up in front of them as he emptied the small sachet on the God’s palms, reveling two identical golden bands.
Steven nodded regretfully, like a child scolded “I forgot my shield in my room, I… I only wanted to go for a run.”
Loki gave a soft kick to the limp body and nodded approvingly when it did not respond. With a dramatic swirl and flick of burgundy cloak, Loki passed the hateful magic walls into freedom.
The man burned his eyes on Tony, intense and humbling as he spoke “You are one of the Prince’s shield brothers”
Thor’s eyes threatened to bulge out of his sockets, a wave of lust so hot and overwhelming he barely managed to bite his lip to stall a wanton moan from escaping. Thinking of the Captain in his deliciously, obscenely tight uniform, throughout the wedding… the
“What is going on?” The pot-bellied human cried; face congested with blood Heimdall yearned to spill. “Are you invading our planet?”
Steve smiled his earnest, wholesome smile and tucked the device away only to pull another, smaller and more elegant communicator “Then I would like you to have this…” The Director took the gift with curious hands, eyeing it intently before pocketing it in his long trench-coat as he met the Captain’s pointed, serious gaze “Wherever you are, for whatever reason. Call me, I’ll be there.”
“No, where are your manners? get off the Captain right now” Laure scolded, pointing to the empty chairs in the table with full plates “And there will be no playing until these plates are empty”
The Starlord giggled childishly as the rest of his team batted the wooden creature away “Oh, that will never not give me shivers.”
A flash of rainbow colors adorned the UN council doors once again, the reporters startled but for a second, then began to flash pictures of the lone man that appeared at the stairs. Dressed in gold armor, his ebony skin shone like lacquer, his golden eyes disturbing in their intensity, so much so that many avoided to take direct pictures of the man, even the cameras shying from his gaze.
“Thor, your Father is not above coming to get you, or worse: Sending Heimdall” The Queen smirked at the lighthearted joke, enjoying how her eldest son began to fidget nervously, remnants of his childish worship and fear of the Dark God shining through.
Steven though, his righteousness was inflaming, it called to Thor’s passion like none ever had. Even Jane…
Their eyes met for a second and they burst in loud streams of laughter. Both showering the other in giggling, uncoordinated kisses. Like two awkward, horny teenagers. His heart sang for her, funny having hot sex while fantasizing about another man would make them feel so close, so in-tune. Absolutely in love with this woman.
“I’ve been going to Therapy in DC.” Steve confided; a whisper so low Tony almost missed it. “I was getting my head on straight. Gettin’ the help I need.”
“Frandal, please” The man dared, his eyes bright and raptured as he looked up to the Captain with a gaze like one who gazes upon the Gods. “I would have you say my name”
“Mother?” Thor groused softly, voice rumbling in his chest as he tried to keep from awakening the Captain.
Thor’s mouth fell open in unflattering gapes as he saw his Mother nod eagerly at his Father’s blunt assessment “No!” Thor stumbled to correct “Well yes! but no…”
“Councilmen…” Steven said, stopping the impending shouting with a firm and commanding voice “The goal of political argument or discussion is not victory, but
And if he was being completely honest with himself, he couldn’t remember how he was cornered to this. Human representatives drove a hard bargain, with their underlying meanings and double-edged words, Loki would have been a better choice for this task, if he had not, of course, been the whole source of this disaster in the first place. In the whole three weeks of negotiation he had managed to insult, threaten and demean most all of the human representatives of the United Nations, only but a few intentionally, as he tried and failed to reassure them that invasion and war would not happen ever again. Thor had had his Honor questioned in more languages than he cared to count and by the end, the slights to his worth were but a standard greeting in the UN chambers.
Thor felt his own cock steer, leaving a wet trace of precum on the bedsheets under him as he allowed himself to be used, his mouth fucked open with abandon as he gazed up at Steven; eyes clenched shut, overcome with sensation, muscles on his abdomen clenching as the telltale rising of the man’s testicles slapping on his chin gave way to the most amazing sight Thor had ever had the honor to behold.
“I am here to escort the Worthy One to Asgard” He paused and purposely stared into the yes of all the mortal men and women, letting them know he knew their souls, their poisonous greed. He was repulsed by every single one of them “Are you refusing to release him?”
Thor saw his Head Architect’s face twist, no doubt expecting to hear the Soldier ask for some opulent monstrosity to honor Earths victory over Asgard, an insult crafted in Asgards own Gold.
“Father?” Thor called; his voice tentative as it had not been since he was a child. He cleared his throat as he entered the antechamber, spotting his Father sitting by the high windows. He had a sense of déjà vu as he regarded Odin smile at him, beckoning him further into the rooms with a wave of his hand.
“Thor, I can’t…” Steven pleaded, shifting restlessly in his sick bed and eyes beseeching on the troubled God. “People
Thor opened his mouth to explain why exactly that was not a good idea, crawling back onto his wedded bed in a hurried scuttle but Loki was far faster, scribbling in his elegant script and shoving it back to the unsuspecting Soldier. Who read the text, flushed a furious crimson and promptly dropped the pad on the mattress.
So when the Captain turned to his team and called for them to assemble. Thor could smile at his husband with real joy. And follow the man wherever he may lead.
Thor gasped as the darts hit his bulging neck, one after the other; the sparks subsided, and he stumbled on his feet. Fist still raised to the cloudy sky determinedly until finally his eyes cleared and rolled back into his skull; falling forward in an unseemly heap of muscle and drool. Flowers wilted in his hair and bridal veil askew.
Tony thought, he had called the payphone outside his hotel, no voicemail, no missed calls alerts, then
“All will be fine, my Prince” Mistress Eir consoled with a patient smile for the glum God “fret not, he should awaken any second now.”
“You saw what he did to Ronan…” Gamora argued, voice earnest and hopeful and awed. That kind of power… she had never seen the likes of it, never even imagined it “He didn’t even break a sweat when faced with the power stone. He may be our only hope.”
Steven handed Hogun his blades and straightened his clothes as best he could, nodding his goodbyes to the weary Warriors and Lady as he joined Thor and together, they were escorted to the Throne room and to his awaiting Father.
“Perhaps you could sing us a song, Steven?” Thor probed innocently, eyeing the other man heatedly “I’ve heard rumors of your voice have flown way past the nine realms.”
The God sighed and cuddled close to the body next to him, curling his thick arms around the slim waist and pressing his morning desire, sadly encased in his breaches, brushing teasingly to the plump behind.
Thor crossed the oceans and lands, yearning for the hot desert planes he remembered so fondly, where the sun climbed the sky in a scorching crawl and the stars and galaxies dared a peak unencumbered in the night. Where his heart swelled and fluttered at the sight of those clever doe eyes. He yearned for his Jane.
“Didn’t scream” Steve panted “Better luck next time, pal” He patted the closest horn in commiseration and turned to the royal entourage of Asgardian warriors, framing the imposing figure of the All Father, who looked on to Steve as if seeing him for the first time.
Steve rose a challenging brow at this “It’s my marriage, shouldn’t I be the one to make the arrangements?”
“What is it, my son?” Frigga prompted eagerly, willing to overlook the blatant vulgarity of their insinuations in the middle of the court. Thor smiled widely again.
Thor nodded in hearty agreement. Clapping his Shield brothers in the back, grinning at the winded gasp he elicited from both. “I am thrilled to see you all”
The Doctor scoffed as he dug out a large bag of coins and set it grumpily in the Archers waiting hands “Unbelievable”
“You thrice damned goat!” A deep voice roared outside, answered by a high-pitched bleat followed by a harsh grunt of pain and a crash of pans and barrels.
“Release me, you spawn from Hel!” Volstagg cried, followed by more bleating and crashes and a truly acute squeal of pain as other, urgent and tired voices, joined the fray.
The fallen soldiers would guard the UN council faithfully for many centuries to come. Gone, but not forgotten.
’ was tackled brutally to the ground by Asgardian forces, and the scurry that followed as the musicians and mages scrambled to flee was one fit for a Midgardian comedy. Hogun, Volstagg and Sif managed to escape swiftly, all loyalty forgotten in their quest to escape Odin’s wrath.
Pepper shook and twisted, her nails gauging long bloody stripes down Tony’s neck and chest, there where his suit and tie had loosened and parted.
The Odinsons strode to the front of the Throne room, halting before their father with a curt bow. Odin nodded in acknowledgement and tapped his staff twice, the power of Gungnir waving through the room in an invisible wave. From the open doors walked in the Director, dressed in his usual dark clothes and long trench coat, followed closely by the Avengers, fitted for battle and armed to the teeth, even Doctor Banner’s skin showing some green treads skimming his olive skin as they marched on to the front of the room. The emissaries of Earth and Guard of honor for the Prince’s betrothed.
Steve pushed on, eyes insistent and hard “I win… I get a day.” The General cocked his head to the side slowly, almost mechanically, his golden gaze burning though Steve refused to back down, he extended his hand “One day to put my affairs in order. Then I’ll call for you.”
Steve glared furiously and lunged forward, his sword meeting the Thing’s with a deafening metallic clash, Steve pushed with all his strength at the hold, slow but surely pushing the monster back and away from the entrance.
Tony slowed his thrusts for a second, letting her off, as her skin became pale and clammy, just a bit too far. Her eyes fluttered, just at the edge of unconsciousness. Tony pressed down and kissed her long, thoroughly bruised neck tenderly, butterfly kisses that always made her giggle.
, pressing a desperate kiss to her shaking lips, physically blocking the words he didn’t, couldn’t hear, from coming out. Pepper gasped into his mouth, effectively giving him entrance to wreck havoc with his tongue, swirling and stroking, fucking it hungrily, so thoroughly that Pepper’s hands gave up their struggle on his chest and curled in frantic claws in his hair, nails scorching his scalp. Tony groaned, ripping his lips away from hers and pressing open mouthed kisses down the graceful arc of her neck, licking long stripes of her flesh and scraping his teeth on the spots he knew made her toes curl.
Steve began to walk over to his spouse and halted with a startle when a blond man dressed in a crimson leather jacket bounded in front of him, hand stretched out and awestruck grin on his sparsely bearded face.
“The Captain defeated Heimdall?” Thor had sputtered. The All Father pursed his lips in discomfort and nodded sharply. “How is that possible? Even you can hardly best him!”
The captain met his sword with a mighty smash of his shield, his own strength pushing Heimdall back for a second, enough to give the man an opening to fight back, and he did.
(There will be some smut in this chapter, I have indicated with dark bold letters the start and end of the scene if anyone would like to skip it, if not, enjoy)
Thor glared at the smaller man, but his Mother was quick to come between them before he could say anything in the Captain’s defense. “Perhaps you would like to test the man for any prodigal gifts he may have”
He walked into the Halls of Healing, where he found many mages and healers still repairing the mayhem he had wrought of the usually peaceful place. Thor felt shame grip his heart when many of the young pupils startled at the sight of him, eyes fearful as they should never be in the presence of their Prince. But just as he was about to speak, another called to him.
There was no shame in wanting your husband, he knew this. Still, he couldn’t help but feel he was cheating Thor out of something precious if he gave in. Conflicted between his wants and his duty as a husband in face of his believes. It was wrong to use somebody who cared for you just for your own personal satisfaction. Specially someone as bright and genuinely good as Thor.
And the pulsing, like a living thing in every golden wall, beckoning him, embracing him. It had confused Steve to the point he believed he might be hallucinating from a fresh bout of fever. That and Frigga, her constant glances and tight expression.
The Captain smiled at the Old God and placed the marble onto the stand that was pointed by the man, careful as one does a babe and finally turned to gather his things, letting the Master begin to work on the selected block.
Barely an hour later and the Captain lay in his underthings with a shocked and flushed expression on his gorgeous face as Thor once again laid a winning hand on the table.
“You are truly eager to lose your other testicle” Thor glowered down to his impossible friend. Frandal smirked tiredly from his sick bed, his features lost to the swelling and only his unapologetic manhood rising to attention.
“Believe me, I am not thrilled by it either.” Loki cut in, his prim voice silencing Thor’s arguments and Steve’s tired replies as he settled into the lush bed with a stoic and faintly put out expression towards the married pair “And if you could refrain from having sexual relations in my presence, I would be most grateful.”
“I Odin, Father of Gods, sent to you my son, Thor Odinson, God of Thunder, with my word and vow of protection, I removed the threat of the Tesseract from your planet, I tried and condemned my own name for the attack on your planet and yet...”
This was not Odin, his doting father. This was Odin the Conqueror. Who would not spare a thought to the pains of war and gleefully bathe the realms in blood in the blink of an eye.
The man pursed his thin lips in deliberation “I have heard many things of this man from the court gentlemen… He is a great warrior…”
Steve and Clint had met with Natasha and Bruce in a Hagar next to the docks on the other side of the City, having scurried out of Shields headquarters like ghosts, passing undetected amongst the World’s best secret agents. If Steve didn’t know any better, Clint being a super spy and him a genetically enhanced Super Soldier, we would be very disappointed with the Agency quality standards.
Steven had been eager to part the morning of their departure, waking early in half his usual irritable mood, even responding to Thor’s loving kisses eagerly before leaving a panting, startled God in their bed to bathe with a happy whistle and a spring to his step.
“I have known you since you were a boy, now…” The man paused as he ran his eyes over Thor from head to toes “you are slightly taller.”
“There is still some pie in the coffee table” Steve offered instead with a strained smile “I don’t think anyone will want to eat it now”
Thor felt ice grip his chest as Odin voiced his offer, all the greedy eyes of the Midgardian rulers now set on him with open hunger, raw and gripping as the power behind Odin’s sentence.
had not been sampled yet” Loki confided, slithering closer to the cell wall as he spoke with a wicked smile “so why have you not been meeting your wedded duty? Or is what’s under the deliciously tight uniform not as comely as it appears?”
Thor rejoiced at meeting his friends. Banner adamantly refused to spar with him, Hulk or no, but was happy to see him, nonetheless. Stark pranced around like a peacock, flouncing about with his love and showing off a diamond ring in his lady’s finger with pride, earning sweetly indulgent smiles and kisses from his soon to be bride.
“It’s not mine” Steven clarified, as if it were a consolation, then grimaced as Thor probed a sluggishly bleeding gash at his shoulder “Well most of it isn’t”
The God bowed his head in acquiescence “I would expect no less of you Director, you have my respect.”
In the silent campsite, some meters away, the slumbering Warriors and Lady sat up with a startle as loud splashes and yelps where heard by the shoreside. Hogun, Volstagg and Sif sprinted out of their shared tent with weapons in hands. Ready to slay whoever dared poach on them and their Lords.
, maybe” Fury conceded “But all together? You see, word is a powerful thing, it can make a man or it can destroy him.”
Tony spun on his feet, near giving himself a whiplash, eyes wide and hopeful as he didn’t want to be. Bruce and Clint shared a look.
Thor jolted as he felt a small creature crawl up his side and finally noticed the talking animal sitting on his shoulder “Hiya, God of Thunder. Sorry about the whole kidnapping your hubby thing. No hard feelings?”
“We do not speak of it” Thor evaded, sending a mischievous look at his brother, who by the white knuckled grip on his butter knife was aware of the content of the conversation “It upsets mother.”
“Not so great, if I’m being honest” Steve whispered, voice low to not disturb the other residents as they prepared themselves for bed. “I’m still wrapping my head around it”
“The face of those men should not be forgotten; their families and the world should know they died as heroes” Steven had said.
“I have spent my life fighting and killing and scourging the realms so my sons would be able to hold the universe in their very hands” He smiled down to his wife, blue orb shining with adoration “Exactly like I do so right this very moment”
“Really though” Hogun interrupted “Humans have evolved quite nicely if that is what hails from their lands, quite an improvement to last time”
What followed had to be the most one-sided negotiation that Steve had ever witnessed, and Steve had been present for
“My Steven is very talented” Thor boosted proudly at his old Master, who remained unmoved by his vehement claims.
Thor was about to throw a playful quip to the shuffling Captain when the door behind him was pushed open in a hard shove. Thor yelped and jumped away as the door near threatened to topple him over. The God turned with a haughty glare to the foolish soul who dared only to find his fretting Mother slipping out of the room and shutting the door behind her in a quick kick.
The room began to fill with dread and doubt, as Odin spoke, tensions climbing that even Thor could feel creeping up his spine.
As Thor’s steps faded in the long corridors of the dungeons, Loki crawled to a sitting, bruised ribs aching as he reclined on the cold slab of stone. He gave a sigh and closed his eyes, willing his magic to sooth his hurts now that his mind was free of the fog of rage that so often overtook him. Scaring even himself at the intensity of it.
“I will do it” Frigga said, stepping between her two children before an argument could start and end as it usually would, Loki sporting a black eye and Thor wielding a knife in between his ribs.
“Yours perhaps, I have no illusions of what you will do when Thanos comes.” Nebula hanged her blue head in dejection “Putting yourself second to me, you did not when we were children, you won’t now.”
“Thor is your friend” Tony reminded him, not denying or confirming the statement “he can convince big daddy to lay off. You just need to say the word, Cap.”
Thor dropped the sword and every pretense of calm as he turned to Frandal with a mighty glare, but the little gremlin was not done. “Perhaps it is not in your nature to pay attention to your lover’s wants” Thor clenched his fists to the side as thunder flashed in the distance, Frandal’s smile softened it’s wicked edges “Lucky for you, I did, and I promised to aid you in your courting so as much as it
He screamed as he felt her inner walls tighten again, like a vice, soaking him as she squirted on his cock.
“It’s ok Thor, I probably shouldn’t be slumped out, out here” The man grunted and curled up to his feet, bringing to stark relief the defined muscles of his abdomen, the tantalizing dip of his hips as the trousers slipped an inch lower only to be halted by the plump curve of his behind.
Thor bit his lip to stop the proud grin that threatened to part his face. His Father, on the other hand, had no such reservations. Steven startled slightly as Odin clapped a heavy hand on the Soldier’s back, smiling wide and pleased as he congratulated the Captain for his wisdom and eloquence.
“It is the apple” Mistress Eir explained as she passed her hands over the unconscious Captain’s chest, sensing with Sedir the burning of Idunn’s influence on the man’s soul “It’s power is running through his veins, he should be perfectly well by dawn.”
Thor blinked as a piece of cloth hit the back of his head with a soft thud and it dawned on him. He turned back to his cheery husband, sitting nonchalantly with a large cushion nestled modestly between his casually spread legs.
“Can’t tell. But I can tell you that if you don’t let us go, my furry friend here is going to blow this place up like- Ahhh!”
Thor offered her a wicked grin and marched towards them with a booming salute: “Clinton, Lady Natasha! You make a fine sight for sore eyes!”
The Director arched an eyebrow and twirled the small bomb on a finger like a basketball “With this?”
“Stop!” He ordered. Startling Odin out of his trance to meet his clear gaze, the black string cutting halfway through Loki’s clenched lips. “This isn’t justice, this is
Tony breathed rapidly for a long moment; pulling his face plate off as if it was suffocating him. He let his emotions go, caged and gripped so tight in his chest since the moment he caught the rapid shift of the magic Hammer in Steve’s big,
Steve barked a laugh and pushed the empty glass to the God’s chest, deep chuckles joining his own as he leaned back on the God and allowed his husband to pass a damp cloth over his sweaty face.
Tony paused, curiosity spiked and as he looked down and read the scribblings on the front of the folder, the handwriting so familiar he almost overlooked the words themselves.
Thor stood face to face with the man, eyeing him with glee as the Soldier wrapped his long, strong fingers around Mjolnir’s handle. The soldier smiled uncertainly as his resplendent blue orbs connected with Thor’s own. “I’m not wearing a dress”
His sword bounced off the man’s shield in an incredible response of reflex or just a feat of speed and skill, unnatural in a Mortal. Heimdall tried to overpower the man with repeated strokes of his sword on the Shield, barely stopping with the waves of magic flowing and curling out of the material, the paint of the shield chipping though the strange metal under shown polished and unmarked.
And that was ok, Steve was no stranger to the act of men loving other men. He had been in the army, for Christ’s sake, he had seen his fair share of men, naked or fucking. It was just a fella lending a helping hand… or something.
Thor grinned sincerely to the stern King and took Steven’s hand to enter the rooms “Of course, Father.”
“You’re right” The Captain interrupted glancing up at the God with shinning, soulful eyes “ It doesn’t compare” Thor felt himself wilt at the blunt admission before his husband placed a lovely skim of a kiss to the God’s slack lips and said “This is so much better”
Odin’s mouth curled in distaste but nodded nonetheless. Regardless, Frigga went on, her anger but simmering under her calm, lovely features.
“Yeah, you’re going to have to pry him out of my cold, dead fingers” Tony shot a consecutive rounds of beams, all which the man avoided in lazy sidesteps. “He is mine, and Thor can’t have him”
“I, Odin, regret what has befallen you, by my own name and kin” Odin’s eye traveled the room, meeting each gaze with his own, in sincere atonement, until all the room was sent to a grieving silence. Thor’s previous amusement lost to the very real fact, that Earth was in pain, by his family’s hand and inaction. A somber mood set on his shoulders, he caught his father’s eye in private mourning, knowing that they too had lost something precious.
His emerald scaled body parting the sea like Moses, the large horned head rising high in the sky and peering down at the two blond men with astonishingly bright and intelligent eyes, the long parted tongue slithering out in a soft hiss as he dipped low to the beach side to meet a beaming God of thunder.
“Well my God gave me free will” Steve shot back, growing more irate with every shout and cry of pain from the men,
“My Dad taught me how to make Missiles and Margaritas, in that order.” Anthony countered, his mischievous grin just on the edge of sharp. “So no, I don’t like people taking my stuff. Nothing personal Rapunzel.”
“How do I do that?” Steve questioned honestly, his words slurring a bit as he concentrated on the conexion.
with the guy! I read all his comics! I feel so dirty…” Fury cocked his gun and Quill yelped, hiding behind Drax in a frantic leap “Ok, ok, geez!”
Thor felt a wave of unease at the request but Steven seemed to not perceive it at all as he smiled winningly at the woman and followed her into the ring. Lady Sif handed Steven a training sword and eyed his hold with now doubtful eyes.
Tony smirked, sinking into his seat in a satisfied sprawl “Good, and you’ll do well to remember that.”
The Captain met his eyes in a heavy silence, his blue, blue eyes dancing with emotions and finally settling in mirth. “The view certainly helped”
“Then we shall have it” Thor promised, clenching the man’s left hand, the cold of their wedding bands meeting until it warmed under their touch.
The God nodded, understanding with those scant words what the Soldier truly meant to convey, Thor gave the man’s nape a soft, lingering kiss, eliciting the most delightful shiver from the Captain as they both settled down to sleep.
Steven laughed “Oh I know the type, he reminds me of a friend, Jacques Dernier, he was…” The soldier struggled to form the words as he pursed and bit his lips, conflicting emotions flashing so fast on his face that Thor could not read them all, only that the man must hold tender memories to look both so full of mirth and sorrow at the thought of him. Thor wanted to punch Frandal even more.
“See you for dinner, Thor” The Captain said, turning on his heel and slamming the door shut after him, leaving a groaning God behind his smirking retreat.
Thor pursed his lips together, startling as the door on the back screeched open. Steven walked out with a grand block of precious stone in his arms. Master Bragi lifted an appreciative eyebrow at the selection or at the show of strength and nodded at his student. “Well done Steven, very well indeed”
“I told you” The Captain smirked, that wicked, blessed tongue darting out to wet his red, swollen lips “Jacques Dernier was French.”
Thor saw the opportunity and took it with no hesitation “Frandal is much the same, you can never be serious with the man, never believe a word from him, he has a tongue viler than Loki”
Thor rose on his arms with a snarl “Well if they want children so badly, they can come and work my cock themselves, for I will not take what is not freely given to me.” Steven startled, finally sliping out of his daunting reverie to meet the God’s eyes with more than a bit of wonder at his words, it made Thor’s heart sing. “My desires matter not over your own, my friend.”
A pointed statement, but his earnest eyes and unwavering faith in the trembling, terrorized doctor helped him trough the worst of his panic and slowly, the green began to bleed out of his eyes until only Bruce Banner remained.
“Don’t” Thor said vehemently “You should never let go of the things that made you. I ask you simply to open your arms to receive something new”
After Tony had left the conference room where Steve stayed, maybe a bit less miserable thanks to Tony. Not that he was self-glorifying, but he did get a hug from America so, he was due to some gloating. He was just turning a corner, fighting to keep a stupid grin off his face when he ran into Fury, all tall, dark and deadly waiting in the middle of the empty hallway.
Tony swirled, finding a smirking Nick Fury leaning on the open door with a satisfied, cat with canary kind of expression that made Tony’s skin crawl.
“Hello, My princes.” The Dark God replied in a deadpan, standing but three feet behind the horny God of Thunder.
Steve woke up the morning after the beating to a naked Thor pressed up tight over his own half nude body, snoring softly to the crook of his neck and a heavy leg, and something else, weighting on his hip.
Thor’s troubled thoughts were cut short as they finally came to a stop before the King, sitting in his throne his lone orb scanned the sight of the prisoner, protected by the Crown Prince and Royal Consort. The Court rose with furious whispers.
Thor nodded soberly to himself, hands clenching on the leather reigns as they were both pulled up the dirt road in a steady pace “So now, I have taken it upon myself to extract his vengeance.”
Mayhap whatever babes were born of his future marriage would have a better fate if brought in Asgard, he could only hope. Thor frowned, his fist pressing to his thinly pursed lips and fought to suppress his dark thoughts. The Captain looked at him in silent sympathy, understanding more than perhaps he let on and offering his comforting presence to his hurting friend. His unobtrusive empathy and quiet acceptance a salve to Thor’s wounded soul and troubled mind.
The man guided the long line of politicians to the waiting jet, his gun at the ready and firing over the heads of the human soldiers and into the eye sockets of the Asgardians. When he had guided all the men and women into the tight fit of the jet, he threw the gun at Steve with a grunted: “Captain America”
Thor took a deep, fortifying breath as he braved on forth “I mean, he wishes for art!” Thor smiled like a lovestruck fool as he explained Steven’s sweet inclinations “He used to be an apprentice before war claimed the Earth of his time. I wish to give that back to him. In whichever measure he will allow.”
Volstagg chugged down his ale when Thor only sat in shamed silence. Once again, Thor showed his true colors. He had just spent an evening in Steven’s room and instead of speaking of him, the man that had to leave the world he was just recently growing to know again, as he had confided in Thor of these painful struggles not that long ago. He had been in his presence and what had he done? He had bemoaned the ill treatment from the Director, which was nothing short of well earnt, and nearly gotten lead about by his cock.
“The United Nations demands that Asgard returns the War criminal Loki Odinson for trial, the Tesseract be delivered for safekeeping by this Council and pledge alliance to Earth, as well as a formal apology for the destruction and invasion of our planet”
“Please, Brother.” Thor groused tiredly, meeting his brother’s eyes with no pretense “You know it is for naught, Steven does not know how to do so.”
Thor found the Soldier standing disturbingly still by the river run, his hands clenched into hard fists, his knuckles in stark relief against his already ivory skin.
Thor growled and plopped on the floor next to the cell, irritation rising with the soft chuckles of his brother “Be quiet, he will be your family in a week’s time”
Tony had spent most of his adult life hating the man for driving drunk and killing himself and his mother. Hated him for leaving him alone so soon, for not being there long enough for Tony to understand him, to outgrow his childhood resentments; however well deserved, and get a chance to know the man behind the Iron fist and the tumbler of scotch.
here. Now hush, Steven. Try to sleep. I will stay with you” Thor calmed, tucking himself in the small bed besides the soldier and curling his arms around the man, more perhaps for his own comfort than the Captains.
“Will I, though?” Raising Mjolnir and eliciting a small squeak from the blond man before the hammer was ripped out of his hand; both men turning to follow its flight to the Captain’s waiting palm. Steven’s stern gaze set on the God as he entered the tent with a small plater of food.
Steve pinched his eyes and took a moment to just breathe, trying to erase the daunting images this day had brought, sure that he would be dreaming of this for the following nights. Just another horror to pile on to the Holocaust.
“What you did in the rooms of healing is not justice being met, but a reflection of yourself” The master sentenced, voice hard and unforgiving “Brash, reckless and yet… “ Thor felt smaller with each insult slung upon him, but then the Master’s eyes softened, his voice drowned in wonder “Selfless”
The seer took a shocked breath before taking the offered palm that pulled him carefully to his shaking feet.
Steve was trying, he really was. Feeling the bond of their souls, picturing in his mind the leash that bonded Loki’s ‘Sedir’ to him by Odin’s will and trying to ignore the other end of the bond, where Thor’s essence blended seamlessly to his own in a swirl of hurt and regret that made it even harder for Steve to be angry. Which, surprisingly, only made him angrier.
“Jesus Christ” Clint whistled “Look how far down that goes” He cackled as Steve shot him a disgruntled look “alright, alright. I’ll give you a shirt Mister America”
He had spent the day sleeping like a newborn babe, that morning spending an insurmountable amount of time grooming, so much so that would have made Loki proud. He had to look his best after all.
Indignation began to swell among the representatives, some gasps and murmuring beginning to rise as Odin spoke on, calmly cutting and condescending.
And just as his mother laid the finishing stitch, a familiar, mechanical voice resounded in Asgards ruined walls.
“That fast huh?” Steve would never get used to how the world was ever in each others pockets, phone cameras at the ready to capture everything
“Oh, of course” Thor said, shrugging in a valiant attempt to dissipate his embarrassment “I knew that”
Gamora crossed Asgards dungeons with her head held high, ignoring the whistles and catcalling from the prisoners around her, specially ignoring the one prisoner behind the gleaming wall of powerful spells.
Steve released the link, then noting with a spot of alarm that the knot had not been untied, only grown. He extended his will again to unleash it when the chain retracted swiftly from his hold.
Steven huffed a disbelieving laugh at the audacity of the God and rubbing a chagrinned hand over his flushed face. “How did you even?”
The Director, Odin and half of the neighboring tables scoffed loudly at the innocent question and Thor felt instantly offended on the Captains behalf.
And Thor almost did sob when he caught on to the song, that seemingly innocent thrum of the Soldier’s marvelous voice, muffled and languid in the early morning. It was
Natasha’s face returned to that icy look Steve knew well on her perfect face and whispered vindictively at the bulge: “Traitor”
Thor roared, rising to his feet in a spring of rage. The Director stared at the agitated God in a deadpanned gaze.
“You mean to say your man crush has become cripplingly obvious and don’t want to put your main and side piece in the same room?” Barton quipped, unapologetic in his effort to make the Man of Iron squirm.
Mr. Tom needed him, as much as those people across the sea had needed him. And he had failed him too.
Thor watched Stark’s face convulse minutely, for a second such deep longing peaking out to be covered quickly with a blank, shallow smile. “Yeah, I’m happy too”
Thor shot onto the skies by Mjolnir’s handle, just in time to avoid another swing to his bottom by the irate Heimdall. His laughter heralding his arrival to the palace doors.
Tony coughed, a hand pressed hard to his chest as if it were the only thing stopping his heart from leaping out and onto Steve’s hands. Maybe it was.
“I did escape, if I must remind you.” Loki grinned, unrepentant. “And with quite a bit of company, in fact.”
And he turned Sleipnir and trotted away with his private guard on his tails. The Captain watched him go with a strange frown in his face, but quickly recovered and paced forth to Thor, a familiar, friendly smile on his handsome face.
Steven turned his bright smile to the redhead and gamely held his hand out for another match, blue eyes sharp as daggers as he curled his fingers around the giant’s large palm.
It took a second, but Steven even in his most blazing fury, was not a cruel man. The Captain took a loving hand to the God’s pale face. Caressing the fussy beard, a thumb skimming over a sharp cheekbone and wiping away the traitorous moisture that gathered, a secret among lovers in the midst of a venomous crowd.
In Thor’s darkest, most frustrated moments these last few weeks, he could almost come to believe that Loki would have been a fine ruler to these silver-tongued vipers. A thought that he quickly dissipated in guilty shame, as he had only himself to blame if his diplomatic skills were as measly as to be trampled by human diplomats. For now, behold, the mighty Thor, spread eagled on Stark’s couch, bullied by humans and prolonging his return in political defeat.
Steve felt a surge of tenderness for the God, his words and kindness something that made the Soldier pause and
Heimdall walked into the Council rooms, ignoring the men who attempted to stall him as the meeting had not yet begun. He did not stall; he did not waver. He walked into the conference room and stood at the front of the empty seats. He closed his eyes, letting his dark magic wander the planet, in search of his charge.
“Sure is” He agreed, extending an open palm through the ropes to the half-shifted man expectantly “But we showed him, didn’t we?”
Fury rolled out of the chair in just the brink of time, avoiding the worst of the blast though his ear looked a little fried. The man stood, serious and blank.
“Yeah, no” Steven replied “Clint sent me a memorandum down at Shield headquarters, my address has been changing for a while, to be honest”
“Look, this way no one else has to get involved, besides” Steve grinned widely, unrepentant “Don’t you think I can take him?”
“I came to the solution that I would throttle him within an inch of his life now and then until these tales ceased to exist.”
This whole event had drained them both. The ruined ceremony, the invasion and the party. They were both at their wits end. Thor could feel the man’s wariness climbing and so he rose to his feet, eyes compelling the bemused Captain to do the same.
Steven scoffed, disbelieving “I’ll have to take your word for it.” Then pursed his pink lips in deep thought “You won that fight Thor, you saved Earth from invasion.” The Captain paused as he placed a reassuring hand on Thor’s shoulder “You saved me… You’re a hero, don’t doubt that.”
“Aye, I thank you Captain” Thor smiled mischievously at the man “I trust it served you well” Then shooting a very pointed, lingering look at the unmovable Guardian, now gazing into the galaxies with his swollen eyes and very obviously ignoring everyone.
Heimdall saw it before it came, but his body still reeled from the impact, he barely avoided the strike of lightning the Captain invoked, opening a portal in the blink of an eye and rolling out and back in to Midgard, appearing behind the Captain and swinging the flat of his sword onto the man’s side.
“Ten bucks on Steve” Natasha declared, sitting cross-legged next to Banner, who snorted inelegantly: “Deal”
“Steven.” Thor greeted from his crouch on the floor, his mind halting from it’s frantic whirring now that it had something far more important to latch onto than his incestuous faux pas.
Tony’s hand convulsed on Steve’s chest, a choked sound of gut deep despair leaving his mouth, his face a rictus of agony. As abrupt as it came. Tony swallowed it down, his face closed off, he backed away.
“-Steven!” Loki snapped, words whipping harshly through the link, drowning that other voice from his memories. Steve jumped, prompting another gasp and snarl from his godly brother in law.
“Huh, well then…” The Captain cleared his throat with a sheepish dip of his head as he stumbled to gather his wits after the blatant desire in the God’s words “careful with your toes.”
Peggy would cuff him over the head and tell him to step up to it, smile tender though her voice would be steel.
Thor left his soft furs, standing nude next to the Hammer and glaring down at it with sleepy confusion.
Odin nodded and walked out of the Throne room, matters settled and moving on to the next appointment in his court. Frigga glared at her husband and shook a haughty finger at her smiling son. “We will have words, you and I”
The next couple of days Steven was nowhere to be found, he attended his classes Master Bragi assured him, but would not stay around to chat any longer, as he was used to do; even the elderly God began to worry over the good Captain’s state of mind.
“He was alone…” The Captain breathed, a fading frown on his damp brow as his eyes fluttered shut “I let him die alone.”
Thor frowned, eyeing the unperturbed Captain eat the sacred apple of the Gods as one does any common fruit.
A ridiculous part of his brain wanted to make a crack out of that sentence, but he was so drained, so utterly done, that he could only nod, falling back into the couch like a puppet with it’s strings cut.
The redhead nodded noncommittedly as she stashed away her bounty in her coat “It’s dirty money, they’ll understand.”
That night Thor and Steven stumbled into their tent sharing deep, needy kisses; both giggling around their lips as they tripped onto their beddings with a cry.
As the match grew heated, and neither fighter held back, the excitement of the spectators mounted, all cheering in alternating intervals, depending on who had the upper hand at the moment, names were sung and praised with every changing tide. At one moment the daggers clashed like stars, sparks flying in the harsh encounter of metals and Steven was gripped by the valiant woman in a tight lock of arms that only Steven’s superior mass allowed him to twist and flip out of as both fighters landed in a resounded thud to the mat, Lady Sif pressing once again a sharp blade to Thor’s betrothed, her eyes bright in victory before she blinked up at the smirking Mortal “Is that?”
Heimdall’s eyes flashed as the skies parted and three Destroyers were materialized onto Earth. The reporters scrambling away, cameras forgotten in their mad rush to safety.
Steve’s throat clenched and felt more than saw the doctor shuffle nervously at his side, careful to stay as far away from the little ones as the room allowed.
Thor marched to his father’s private rooms in a daze, not bothering to stop in his own to make himself presentable, he burst into Odin’s rooms bare-chested, soaked to the bone and face torn in anguish.
Thor felt the plea cleave his heart, that was the width of it wasn’t it? To free Steven of that tight confinement his wholesome ways caged him in. His honorable Soldier who would not burden another with his troubles.
That last conversation had haunted him, both before and after the war. That had been the last time he had seen the man. And he had always regretted those being the last words they had shared.
Thor’s eyebrows shot up while a flash of desire ran through his body, he had no time to recover as a surprised Director interjected heatedly “Bitch, what are you saying? The Captain was part of a quartet! I’ve heard him myself; he sings just fine!”
Tony whispered, like a secret into the curve of her neck, resting his forehead to it while he caught his breath.
“You fancy yourself wiser than the Norn’s, Boy!” Odin thundered, turning fully now to his son, his imperturbable mask fallen and now facing Thor with open anger, at his son or himself, it was uncertain. “It should have been an impossible task, for a mortal to be worthy. What I vowed, the magnitude of the act; you have no idee do you, my child?”
The Captain cleared his throat loudly, eyes darting around the room and away from the slowly divesting Hawkeye “I… wouldn’t know.”
The bizarre material of the shield rebounded from the walls of the UN building far behind him and sprung back, seconds after and just as he was caught over the head by the disk, knocking the helmet off his head and startling him. The captain twisted the Hammer with an expert flick of the wrist, like an artist spins his brush; disengaging the sword from Heimdall’s hand and sending him flying back with a vicious kick to his midriff.
Thor boomed in giddy laughter “Aren’t we a pair?” Steven snickered softly as he guided the God through their very first dance.
“The Norn’s are fickle masters” He explained “They are seldom so direct in their will” He pressed a kiss to her furrowed brow “We were fortunate; to have found each other, as we did.”
“No, of course not! What are you even-“ The man sighed dramatically and passed an agitated hand through his hair, taking off his shades to reveal his sorrowful, earnest eyes and… send a forlorn gaze to the Captain, sharing an uncharacteristic embrace with the Director. The engineers throat worked around a knot before turning back to the waiting God and finally shaking the awaiting hand “Look, just, just… treat him right, ok?”
out, the last waves of pleasure rolling off his hips,  riding out the sensation until they finally stilled; Thor laying heavy and limp over his husband, Steven’s legs sprawled wide open to accommodate the God as he petted his long, tangled hair in tender, if uncoordinated touches.
It said something about him; very unflattering actually, that he instantly forgot he was in shitcreek with his soon to be wife (hopefully, still, please, pretty please) at the drop of Captain America’s name.
Steven sat one seat away, only the severe Director sitting between them and who would glare brazenly at anyone who would dare approach the blond Soldier, even, or specially at Thor, who had spent most of the feast trying to speak over the Colonels head to his intended only to be stared down by the dark pit of Hel that laid in the Directors sole eye.
Many times he had caught Natasha staring at the Doctor, her eyes remarkably soft as she saw him grow more and more relaxed with the children, showing an incredible ease to manage them even at their most rambunctious. As the incident with Steve’s shield and the barn doors proved.
The God glanced at his husband, weighting his words as he spoke “You have heard of Loki’s children.”
The Hulk took the bread with surprisingly sweet care and smiled down to the Captain. Before unceremoniously shoving the whole thing in his mouth.
“Oh, yes!” Thor straightened, then stumbling to correct himself as Steven rose a haughty eyebrow “No, there is more!”
In the Dungeons, whistling cheerfully in the early dawn. Loki, The God of Mischief and Lies, grinned up to the blank ceiling, feeling how his spells were gnawed away by Idunn’s holy power.
And the God punctuated these words with a cupping hand to the man’s front and a sharp thrust of his hips to his back.
“It would be insulting to refuse, might even start a war” Steve repeated, what he had told himself so many times before to stop himself from lashing out, keep himself put. it sounded mechanical, unconvincing.
“Hey, hey” Steve said softly, already waist deep in the water before he realized, holding on to the God’s bleeding hands and stopping his compulsive scrubbing “No more of that.”
Odin rose an appreciative eyebrow at this “So he wishes to learn of the craft? What persuasion? Painting, Sculpting…”
And he had been forced to leave Mjolnir behind, Thor felt her loss as a physical ailment, an amputated limb when ever he extended his hand to call her to his side and take flight. Nothing.
Steve wasn’t in his hotel, he didn’t pick up the phone; and then, Tony called Pepper. His Girlfriend.
Thor took hold of the link, pulsing strong and steady in his own masterful hold and earning a petulant look from his sibling. The God ignored it all, the playful whistling from their subjects, the faintly disgusted look from his brother, Heimdall’s fantastically raised brow. None of this mattered when he was held so tenderly by his love and though his heart rejoiced at the Captains generosity, Thor was no fool.
Thor crossed his room in silence and shadows, approaching the bed where two figures slept on in the deep sleep of the truly exhausted. Thor barely had the mind enough to take his boots off before he slipped under the covers and crawled over to the slumbering Captain.
The ‘Steve box’ was pretty full by now, bursting with postal cards and long handed letters, key chains and random funny gadgets that Steve had gifted him for the past year since they parted ways in New York. The Captain had taken to sending him these things, by traditional postal service no less, after Tony had started to randomly check in on him. He wasn’t stalking the man, but he was still from the forties and running around by himself in the twenty-first century, someone had to keep an eye on him. So after the third time he had called the land line of the most recent dingy, roadside dinner the Captain had stopped to eat at, Steve had decided to make matters more simple and just send him a memento of every place he visited.
Tony sped his pace, practically sprinting through Shield’s hallways toward the conference room where he had last seen Steve. Desperate to see him, to reaffirm his purpose, to feel strong again. Not this, not this shaking, crumbling feeling he had deep in his chest, as if he still had the Arc Reactor and it was being slowly ripped from his torn and mangled chest.
Heimdall nodded his understanding, lifting his hand to unsheathe his sword in the middle of loud gasps and yells of guards at the ready to fire. He took his sword in both hands and tapped the blade on the marbled floor once.
Steve made a point of engaging the girls in his conversation with the Queen, keeping them in the room at all moment for as long as he could. The Queen grew restless and silent, blue eyes shifting uncertainly as the morning passed and soon their time together had died out. Steve held back his sigh of relieve as the Queen called their meeting to an end.
Volstagg blinked and gawked down at his hand, as did everyone else while the Captain pulled his hand away and pumped his fist in victory, blissfully unaware to the stunned state of his companions as he grinned up to his gaping husband.
So when he next found his fist caught in the Captain’s grasp, he realized his mistake as the long, supple legs of the man curled themselves around his arm and neck, spinning and pulling at Thor with an amazing grace for a man so large.
The man grunted and slipped away from his reach, lightning sorting out of his incandescent orbs, his responding glare giving an unworldly thrill to Heimdall, for a wild moment more reminiscent to Odin’s own image, burned so deep in Heimdall’s psyche from his young, bloodthirsty days. A shiver ran through him and before he knew it, the man smiled and the likeliness was harrowing.
Thor swallowed thickly, his eyes brimming with tears and blurring his sight, for a moment he thought he could see a wet gleam of his father’s gaze, but as he rubbed at his eyes to clear them, he found his father’s severe eye dry and unmovable. “I beg you Father”
He kissed the ankle resting on his shoulder, scraping his teeth on the thin skin around the little clasp of her Jimmy Choo heels, jolting rhythmically over his head with each sharp thrust.
Frandal sighed heavily: “There is still time, Thor” and with a bitter drink to his own tankard he reluctantly vowed “I shall personally help you win his affections”
Steven huffed a laugh, the blush on his face now a permanent feature as he watched his teammate hump the air to the rhythm of Asgardian tunes. Thor eyed the Captain surreptitiously, assessing if his earlier discontent had been forgotten as he inquired innocently. “Is this a typical Midgardian dance?”
“Loki…” Thor growled, slowly crawling towards the other God, pillow dragged along by clenched fingers and eyes dark.
“Yes” He said, his small smile turning wicked as he bucked his hips down firmly, pressing his clothed cock onto Thor’s turgid member in a wonderfully obscene circling motion. Thor’s eyes rolled back into his skull with a cry. “Steven!”
Thor blinked at the request, noticing with relief how the man’s breathing slowly regained its smooth pulls, he relaxed against the curtains “I would suppose so.”
“Good God, Cap” Stark gasped, his face both elated and flushed with a bit more than just excitement “What did they feed you down there?”
“I would do anything and everything in my power to see that Asgard reigns supreme.” Odin stated. “You were young still when my father and I forged this kingdom, you have not known the true strife and anguish of war.”
“And he did” Odin replied “I accused him of bringing harm to my wife, the Mother of Gods. You gave testimony to this, and they-” He swept a hand to his silent guards “stood as witness”
Thor slid his hands back to cup Steven’s bum, kneading and guiding it to grind softly against his growing interest, drawing a soft moan from the man’s lips as he wrapped his arms around the God. Steven’s fingers treaded eagerly through the golden locks and sunk into their kiss with fervor. For he now knew the pleasures of their bodies joining and ached for more.
The witnessing court laughed approvingly, the Avengers and the Guardians looked at each other wearily, still working their heads around the fact that the fight was over, that the enemy who had been there but a second ago, was… gone, just like that.
“You would never abuse your husband.” Thor declared confidently, returning to his work with greedy, bold hands.
Loki hummed, not bothering to contradict his panicked rant and that was as good as agreeing and Loki is far better at reading a situation than he is and if he thinks he is right about Steven not ever forgiving him then…
Silence filled the room, so disturbing, so deafening after the escalating voice of Odin’s statements. Thor looked upon his father as all the human diplomats that had so hounded him remained cowered by his statement of facts alone.
“Don’t be too hasty to undermine your skill Captain.” Thor denied, catching the Captain’s lovely eyes with a smile “You are as skilled a fighter as any Asgardian Legend has boosted to be.”
He had only a couple of hours before he had to travel to Geneva to the UN meeting, where the whole marriage thing would be discussed and Tony would have to dig himself deeper to keep the soulless bastards at bay.
Thor recoiled in his seat at the harsh gaze directed at himself. “No, of course not!” He amended quickly “You are free to roam Asgard as you please” Steven relaxed minutely, though his eyes remained cold “I merely wish to know what pushed you to leave on your own”
Three days passed, and three days it rained in New Mexico. Raging thunderstorms that threatened to level the skies over their heads, and in some near melancholic moments, a soft peppering of raindrops fell; scattering in the winds to instantly dry in the hot sands.
Steven nodded at this and continued to eye his sword like one would a wild animal “I’m more worried I’ll trip on it, to be honest.”
So, with no particular remorse for interrupting his siblings sleep, Thor proceeded to call in a booming voice: “Loki!”
!” Fury cried with jubilee; startling Thor with such an uncharacteristic behavior while the Mortal gaped, looking from the horrified Captain to Heimdall, shaking in delight “Brother, look at you! The Captain straight up beat the holiness outta your ass!” The Director cackled merrily and turned to the royals standing in silence, fiercely meeting their gaze; unrepentant as he spoke, loud and clear “I hope that serves as a reminder that Earth is not to be played with. ‘Cause we got a lot more where that came from!”
“I… suppose not, we met at one of my last USO shows, before I was sent out to front” The Captain explained, smiling stiffly though his eyes sparkled at the memory “She was the sweetest dame to ever walk Kansas city” The captain smiled sheepishly under the other man’s gapping shock “Wicked poker face, too”
As Steve landed on the side of the plaza, next to the tanks advancing and failing to hold the fight against the metal giants, their resounding shots so pitiful against the fiery beams that cut through them like a hot knife in butter.
He pulled out all the tricks, all the treats and then he made some more on the go, letting go of the skirt and bringing his hand to the play, shoving two fingers inside her and curling them up, hard.
“The United Nations, rulers and defenders of Earth” Odin spoke, his voice clear and resounding of the chamber halls, echoing on the room as an almost dwarfing presence “ I have come to you and stood amongst you as I and mine have not for thousands of years”
“These are my private rooms” Thor boasted with a wide wave of his arm “you are welcome here of course, if you ever feel like joining me”
“He vowed thrice to murder the author of these stories.” Thor voiced softly, turning to the slowly realizing Captain with a sad smile “The details of the vow I leave to your imagination.”
“Argh!” Thor groused in disgust, his feet kicking on the dirt floor where he laid in dismay, prompting a hearty laugh from his Betrothed, now thankfully calm and at ease. Thor laid on the ground in protest, his actions silly while his mind swam with dark thoughts and steely resolution…
Thor pressed rapid kisses over his long neck, earning little gasps when ne nuzzled the sensuous arc, tickling it with his beard and nipping hungrily in odd intervals.
When Steve didn’t move out of the chair, Clint finally paused and really looked at the man. The archers face soften into a rare, kind smile and marched toward the soldier to lay a firm, conforting hand on Steve’s shoulder; hunching down in an almost fatherly gesture to meet his eyes.
Thor’s curiosity won as he grabbed the offending paper and read what he knew to be an impressive litany of curses. The blond God blinked and frowned “What does that one even
Thor faked a smile over his unease for his magnificent and strange spouse “Nothing” The God finally said, deciding best to leave the matter for another time as he wandered closer to his studious Husband “What are you working on now?”
“Aye, they are” The God laughed, pulling the small animals out by the curl of their horns and to the open, releasing them in front of their loaded cart and beginning to tie in Tanngnjostr while Tanngrisnir munched on his cape. Steven eyed the God as if he had lost his senses and Thor thundered his laughter.
Thor released a peaceful breath, pressing a kiss to the back of the knuckles adorning the Captain’s ringed finger, twin to his own, in private devotion; unwilling to ever part from this innocent but so comforting embrace unless of course, he could obtain something much better.
It took a moment for it to really sink in, as Thor stood bare-chested, wedding veil and spring flowers in his hair, a fool made of himself. It was only until his eyes met the cold terror in the Captains gaze that it struck. With a shuddering breath, Thor saw his world come tumbling down around him once more.
Thor blinked some more before groaning, cutting himself with a wide-eyed look to a peacefully breathing Soldier and pressing his lips tightly shut. Frigga’s lips trembled with contained laughter at her son’s sleepy antics.
“I fear I must part soon” He conveyed with open regret. “I must continue my quest, for I am eager to be rid of this awful burden.”
Jane’s voice began to break at the end. Thor’s heart crumbled to hear it. “We can still have this, us, while we can, just don’t-“
“Come here, Soldier.” The Widow approached with a saucy jut to her lovely hips and a playful glint to her keen blue eyes. Steven extended his arms and embraced the woman softly.
Thor had just crossed the threshold of Steven’s private rooms when the God was tackled out of the way by a smaller, thoroughly agitated God of Arts, mousy features flushed crimson and desperate.
The flow of dark magic startled the mortals, some guns firing in the confusion, the bullets bouncing off his armor with barely a ping of impact. Outside the terrified screams of the reporters waved their way into the council halls as 10 armored soldiers appeared in a rainbow flash before the mounting steps of the United Nations.
Steven smiled for her, that smile she had begun to associate with the man’s good heart, so wholesome and kind that made her heart flutter and knees quake. Sif smiled back, shoulders squaring and head held high “Thus, I will learn to be happy for him as well.”
“Well, Steve” The Doctor groused, clearing his throat of the overwhelming emotion as he too offered his shaking hand to the Captain “Lovely ceremony; you know, before the aliens.”
Thor’s sullen face sunk further in misery “You are my Brother, whether you believe it or not, I love you dearly”
After that hearty breakfast, Steven insisted in taking a bath, by himself, much to Thor’s vocal discontent (mostly jesting, mostly). And the Captain admitted some troubles to slip out of his suit, having slept in the armor had done no favors for the Soldier, as his sullen expression belied.
“Steven… Are you still drunk?” Thor groused, voice hoarse and cracking around a smile so wide his cheeks stung. His Soldier gave a teasing nip at the God’s corded neck, ripping a sharp cry from his husband, before gentling the stinging left by his punishing teeth with apologetic pecks of his smooth, plump lips.
Steve saw as the serpent blinked its many eyelids and for a second looked heartbroken, an expression so strange on an animal with so little features but so clear on Jormungandr. Thor reached forth and placed a comforting hand on the serpent’s snout and offered a bright, loving smile.
Would she be proud of him? Tall and strong as he was, his hands stained with the blood of more men than he could count…
“Yeah, Cap.” Stark agreed, though his smile was far more fierce than the archer’s harmless ribbing “No homo, or whatever.”
Thor smiled like a besotted fool, catching himself rasping poems like Frandal. How low must he fall for this man?
The Captains smile fell and he gazed on to the side, all joy sucked from his expression and Thor fought the urge to kick himself.
“Yes, I… What was Heimdall doing here?” Thor stumbled over his words, eyeing the door where the Dark God had disappeared with a feeling of being in a dream. Steven followed his eyes and shrugged.
“Loki. Let’s change those bandages.” The Captain proceeded to gently peal the cloth, layer by layer, off the passive God, revealing angry wounds marring snow pale flesh on Loki’s regal features. Thor swallowed harshly at the sight, bile rising and threatening to burn him from within. This was his father’s doing. The same man that would hold them as infants and curl with them in their tiny cribs, undignified and uncomfortable, when they refused to fall asleep after a bad dream. The same who swore his very soul to protect them…
