Tony kissed him eagerly, needy, opening his mouth and leaning into Steve, letting Steve push his tongue into his mouth, stroke it gently over his, filling his mouth up soft and wet and warm as Tony panted and trembled on his fingers and opened his mouth up for him, let him in, his cock aching, throbbing as he rocked back onto Steve’s fingers, up over his hips, against his chest.
“I know it’s my fault for makin’ a mess,” Steve said, smiling, meeting his eyes even as he flushed, “but clean up the mirror for me?”  He swiped a thumb over Tony’s mouth, smiled as it came away red.  “With your sweet, pretty mouth?  You’re going to have to be careful, but.  For me?”
“Shh,” Steve murmured, against the soft, sensitive skin of the curve of Tony’s ass, just above where it met his thigh.  “Let me?” He kissed up along it, gently, then went back in for another soft lick, capturing another trickle of come as it leaked out of Tony’s body, down along his balls, chased it back out with his tongue and sucked more out of his hole.  “I want to,” he murmured, and Tony felt hot all over, but he nodded, let himself go lax, spread his legs a little more.
Steve was breathing unevenly, loudly, through his mouth, panting.  He moaned, shivering, gripping uncertainly at the bedcovers as Tony rubbed at him a little more, then patted his cock and drew his hand away, rubbing his fingers and thumb over his exposed hip, the warm, velvety skin of it radiating heat.
And oh, God, how had he known?  It had been the only thing Steve could think, as Rumlow got his big hand through Steve’s belt loops and tugged and he spread his legs for him, let him push him further up against the wall as his other hand had squeezed at Steve’s neck, against his throat.  He’d never thought he was being obvious—had his eyelashes given him away?  How?  What had he done that had somehow shown—but he’d always wondered, what—what it would be like, and when he jacked himself sometimes he slid his fingers into himself and
“I know, honey,” Tony said, and the way his eyes creased, crinkled up, spoke of emotion, like the way he swallowed, hard, smiled crooked and a little tremulous.  Steve shook his head, curled his hand at the back of Tony’s neck, and pulled him down into a kiss.
Natasha laughed softly and squeezed his shoulder.  “Holding a grudge from Nationals, hm?” she asked.
Tony grinned at him.  “I am,” he said.  “You know I am.”  He leaned down, both hands on Steve’s stomach so that he squirmed at the touch, the heat and sensation of Tony’s firm, callused palms, bit out a harsh breath, even as Tony pressed a kiss into his mouth and Steve groaned, arched up for it, relishing in the soft heat of his mouth, the pleasure that swept through him as Tony’s lips touched his, the wet warmth as he swept his tongue between Steve’s lips and into his mouth, sending hot, wonderful sensation all the way down to his toes and making them curl.  And then Tony’s hands slid up, closed over Steve’s pecs again, over his nipples, and squeezed, and pleasure just swept over Steve, hot and jolting and prickling and alive, and bore him away with it.  He moaned, pressed up into Tony’s hands, and then Tony was biting his bottom lip, a gentle little nip that had Steve moaning around it, mouth wet and soft against Tony’s as he swiped his tongue over Steve’s other lip and then pulled away.  Steve was barely aware of anything, his vision hazed with pleasure, but then he heard the snick noise of a bottle cap being opened and looked at Tony to see him slicking his hands with more of the warming oil he’d rubbed all over Steve’s shoulders and back and buttocks and thighs earlier.
“That’s what I like to hear,” Steve said, and gave Tony two, three, long strokes over the smooth metal, like he would over his cock, leaving Tony shivering with the sensation, vividly aware of the pressure, the whisper of warmth even through the smooth, confining metal.  “That’s perfect, Tony.”  His hands slid back, squeezed at Tony’s thighs, rubbed gently over them, massaged, kneading, at the curves of Tony’s ass, making him shiver again, suck in his breath, at the sensation, the pleasure that sent through him, the way it made his cock throb in the cage.  “I’d like to get you ready to ride me,” he murmured.  “Slick you up, work you open for my cock.  Get that clean little hole all wet with me.  How does that sound to you, Tony?”  He squeezed Tony’s cheeks, pulled them apart, pressed a thumb softly, suggestingly, against the smooth rim of Tony’s hole, still tight despite the long enemas he’d taken that had already relaxed him a bit inside.
“Yes, sir,” Steve said, fervently, feeling—light, light and relaxed and almost like air, like a burden had just melted away from his shoulders, just then, and then Brock’s fingers were inside him again, back on that same spot, rubbing and working and thrusting, and Steve was riding them and gasping as pleasure built and built and built inside him, and then he’d come, face pressed into the blankets and without a single touch to his cock, fists clenched and face wet as he gasped for air.  Up until then, it had been the single best orgasm of his life.
as the best cocksucker in New York State,” Tony added.  “I’ve had plenty of time to pick up little tricks here and there.  ‘Course I put on all the bells and whistles.”  He winked down at him, smiled.  “It’s you.”
Tony smiled, feeling a warm glow of pleasure sweep over him at that, from the top of his head on down like a prickling wave of warmth.  Steve had said good, that that was good, so he was doing well.  He was making Steve happy.  So far, at least.  And Steve’s hands on his body, on his nipples, felt good, coaxing warm, soft pleasure up against them, making them tingle and warm until he felt a little more wet precome slick over the tip of his cock.  “Can I,” he said, and swallowed.  “Can I do anything for you, though?”  Maybe he could touch Steve, or maybe Steve would want to use his mouth? His mouth felt wet, eager, tingling, just at the thought.  “I could blow you,” he offered.
“Let me see,” Steve said, smiling up at him, already flushed all over, sounding a little breathless. He slid his thumb over the top of it, patted Tony’s caged cock gently.
Steve sucked on his bottom lip, cast his eyes down, somehow made bashful by being called that.  Princess.
“Thank you for this, Tony,” Steve murmured.  “You’re so beautiful, and you really look beautiful like this.  Even now, look at you.  You’re just so, so … so beautiful.”  He ran his hand down over Tony’s stomach, pulling Tony back against him, against his chest, between his legs, and Tony sighed, leaned back against him, looking at himself in the mirror.  He really did look well-used, all smeared smudged makeup and tousled curls coming down around his face, his soft cock between his legs, his belly heaving, his panties down his thighs, his stockings slipping down, garter belt and lace skirt shoved up around his belly.  He reached down, traced his fingers over the stockings, feeling the silky lace against his sensitive skin, rubbed his panties between his fingers, traced his fingers gingerly over his soft cock.
“My quick learner,” Tony said, with a sighing smile, still petting one side of Steve’s face.  “That was
Steve wasn’t exactly surprised when Tony pulled his hands away, one cupping Steve’s hip, the other going back to the back of his neck as he pressed a kiss against his temple, another against his hairline, mere seconds before he was convinced he could have worked his hips just enough to come, the hot tight tension just beneath the head of his cock winding up, he was almost there—and then Tony was petting his neck, rubbing one hot palm against his hip, shushing him softly as Steve gave a wretched gasp that was almost tears and slumped against him; not exactly surprised, no, but it didn’t stop the desperate gasp, the feeling of utter betrayal that washed through him just for a second—or the way his cock throbbed even more hotly, heat twisting in his belly at the denial, a moment later.  He hated the feeling of being denied, of pulling back from the brink, unable to get there, his body so ready to tip over the peak but unable to, like he was sliding back down the side of a mountain he’d almost climbed, he
Tony’s hand was around his again, a moment later, that familiar heartbeat filling Steve’s ears.  “I’m here,” he said.  “I’m right here, Winghead.  I’m staying right here.  You can sleep.  It’s all right.  I’ve gotcha.”
“Can I get a scoop of peach and one of lemon?” Steve tried, because Tony’s smile was so soft and so—so winning and he couldn’t help it.
Tony could probably have come just at the way Steve’s mouth pulled gracelessly, instinctively at him, through his orgasm, his wet gasps and the way his mouth hung open, wet with saliva unspooling from his tongue and slipping out of his lips all down Tony’s cock, the convulsive, instinctive, swallows that sent shockwaves of pleasure through Tony’s whole body, the vibrations Steve’s grunts and sobbing whimpers sent through his cock—but he held himself off with determination because he wanted to watch; he wanted to see Steve come, he wanted to see him through it, watch him the whole way through.
Tony moaned, gasping, rocked his cock forward against the covers, whimpering deep in his chest, rubbing his cock against Steve’s fingers as Steve teased him.  Goddamn, that was sexy, seeing Tony react like that, whine and whimper and press back against Steve’s fingers, against his hand.  Steve teased him for a long while, feeling Tony’s half-erect cock hardening, thickening warm and heavy under his fingers, before he trailed his hand back between Tony’s legs, stroked first one thigh, then the other, gently caressing, until Tony was shivering, his legs spread willingly wide, and then he trailed the flogger over the sensitive skin again and brought it down first across one of Tony’s thighs, then the other.
Tony pressed a kiss to Steve’s sore rear, against the red, welted skin, and Steve shivered with it all over, even as he started to move his fingers, to work him open.  Tony was always so careful, getting him open and wet and slick, and he was still tender inside, sensitive, from how long Tony had spent fingering him earlier, teasing his pleasure out of him.  Steve shuddered, heaving for breath.  Tony was talking, he realized, voice a warm, constant presence, rolling over him like a blanket, constant praise, as warm as a touch over Steve’s whole body.  He called him beautiful again, wonderful, sweet, so sweet and good, praised the flush of his rear, his aching tits, even his muscles inside, how they felt against Tony’s fingers—God—and the way Steve relaxed to let him in, the obscene aching bob and drag of his cock, how red and flushed it was, almost purple, until Steve had his head down, dizzy with the praise, the detail of it, eyes closed, hot with the obscene knowledge of it, the awareness, and that just went straight to his cock, too.  Tony’s words were quick and rambling and warm, his other hand stroking the soft hair at the back of Steve’s neck, rubbing gently against the damp downy hair at Steve’s hairline, the base of his skull, even as he praised the width of Steve’s trembling thighs, the curl of his toes, the shape of his ears, the helpless flexing of his shoulders and back, and Steve felt himself go hot all over all over again.
Steve sucked in his breath.  Tony grinned, and then poured some of it into his hand and traced it down messily over Steve’s left pectoral, smearing the oil over his already sensitive skin until it gleamed.  He felt the warmth almost immediately, and Steve gasped as his sensitive skin began to prickle, to throb, raw where Tony had already worked it pink and red, but in the best way.  Tony poured more oil down, over Steve’s front, so it dripped down over his collarbones, and started to rub it in, over Steve’s, his, his heaving chest, his
Steve, predictably, flushed even darker and ducked his head.  He reached up, rubbed the back of his neck.  “Well, uh, uh, thanks,” he mumbled.  “I—I mean.  That’s real good of you to say.”
“Careful,” Tony breathed, grabbing at Steve’s hair in helpless pleasure, petting it mindlessly, urging him on.  “Don’t want you to choke.  Feeling so good already, sweetheart.  Natural cocksucker, aren’t you, big guy?  That’s it.  You’re my good, talented cocksucker.”
“All yours,” Steve breathed.  “All yours, always.”  Tony was right where Steve wanted him now.  He wrapped his arms around him, smiled up into his gorgeous face.  “There’s my pretty honey,” he murmured.  “My pretty fella.”
Tony winked and sucked off the whipped cream and the cocoa clinging to the marshmallow, then pulled it into his mouth with his tongue.  It sent heat shooting down Steve’s spine, pooling in his belly and his dick, and he shifted, very aware that his cock had come to attention and in his soft boxers and lounge pants was probably very obvious.
Tony groaned, panting even as Steve gently let go of his cock, letting it bob up against his groin again and reached back to press gently at his hole, stroking, pressing but not pushing in, massaging the rim.
“Rumpy pumpy?” Tony suggested, eyes gleaming wickedly.  “Frickle frackle?  You gonna bend me over and show me the fifty states?  Let me lick your candy cane?  Jingle my bells?  Give me a ride on your sleigh?  Fill up my stocking?”
“Yeah,” Steve breathed, “I can tell, sweetheart.”  He rolled Tony’s wet, sticky cockhead between his first two fingers, tugging at it gently, then getting his thumb up, rubbing it into the slit.  “You’re all sticky and wet for me, aren’t you?  Hard as a rock from how much you’re liking this.  How much you like having me work you over.”
Steve’s eyes fluttered closed again, and he pushed his head forward, taking Tony’s length back into his mouth and hollowing his cheeks out to suck, still rolling his hips forward into his hand in that way that put him so fantastically on display.  His shirt had ridden up almost to his nipples, and Tony could see how deeply his chest and belly were flushed.  He was practically glowing, the way he did with exertion and the faint hint of perspiration (Tony got sweaty, but Steve just sort of glowed with his sweat like the idealized heroine of a romance novel—not that Tony would admit to having read those if most people had asked).  The suction on his cock was so good, so, so good that it was making Tony’s eyes want to cross, but he kept them open with an effort, sliding his hand through Steve’s hair, scratching gently at his scalp, because he wanted to watch, watch him come off with his mouth still on Tony’s cock, even as the pleasure it sent through him went brighter and brighter and sharper and sharper, and he let his hips roll just a little into Steve’s mouth.
Steve nodded, groaned in the back of his throat, his eyes opening wide as he stared up at Tony.  He flicked his tongue against Tony’s cock, around the head, against his thumb, as if to assure him he was still ready to go, and his hand tightened on Tony’s thigh, on his own cock, making himself groan as he nodded again.
“Yeah, honey pie,” Tony said, hand gently stroking over that shoulder, making Steve shudder at the touch to the still-sensitive, welted skin.  “All without any attention to your cock.”
—God.  Tony was so lucky.  So, so lucky; how the hell had he gotten so lucky?  How the hell could he, Tony Stark, ever possibly managed to deserve this?  Tony’s head was spinning, hot; he felt hot all over.
Steve nodded again, moaned, slid himself a little way forward and bobbed his head over Tony’s cock again, sucking hard, letting his cheeks hollow out.  Tony heard his own gasp loud in his ears as Steve dragged his tongue messily, firmly, over the tip of his cock again.
to him, and they pressed into that place inside that always had Steve seeing stars, once, twice, three times, and Tony was pressing kisses along his neck again, along his jaw, warm and wet, and the pleasure—from his sore nipple, from the way Tony would flick the weight on the other one, set it swinging until Steve was gasping, then go back to tugging on his nipple, his fingers rubbing and rubbing and rubbing against Steve’s sweet spot inside and the pleasure that flared and spread inside him with every knowing rub of Tony’s fingers, spiraling high and tight until he hardly remembered how to breathe, and without even really realizing it he was spreading his hand out wide in Tony’s hair, against the back of his head, hand loose and fingers messy in his soft curls where they twined around them even as his face lolled against Tony’s neck, half shaking his head just out of pure overwhelmed pleasure, the messy smearing of his mouth against Tony’s skin, his throat, the pounding of his pulse under his skin.  He was gone, lost in it, in another moment, the only things that felt real to him the heat of his skin, the solidity of Tony under him, his warmth and the smell of his cologne, the scratch of his stubble, the ache of the clamps persistent on Steve’s sore, aching tits and the constantly circling rub of fingers deep inside coaxing the pleasure inside him higher and higher and higher, around and around, over and over.  He lost track of time completely, couldn’t have said how long it had been, how long he spent there, shaking against Tony, caught up in that high bright spiral of sensation.  Tony was murmuring, low and hot and probably wonderful, but he couldn’t have understood it for the life of him.  He was shaking apart.
“Mmm,” Steve said, gently stroking his thumb over the slit of Tony’s cock where it was just able to be touched through the cage, through the soft silk.  Tony had chosen a soft shade of lavender-blue silk, because it was a color Steve liked to see on him, because chastity always made him feel like—like he should play it up, with soft chaste colors, like being locked in the cage somehow made him purer, pure for Steve in a way that hardly made sense at all.  Tony moaned, feeling pleasure shiver through him, from just that, down through his cock where it was held snugly in the metal.  Steve rubbed at him until he was leaking precome, panting, shivering as his cock wanted to get hard and couldn’t manage it, then subsided, feeling the clinging wetness as he leaked precome out of his slit, bleeding through the silk, making it wet and sticky until he could feel how wet the fabric was under Steve’s thumb, feel the wet spot he was making in his own panties.
good, Steve temporarily lost track of everything in a burst of blinding, white-hot pleasure, only realized he’d been jerked his hips, pushing himself back on those strong fingers, moments later.  Oh, God, he could feel the rough texture of Brock’s fingerless gloves, inside him, the added thickness they gave.  Oh,
Tony frowned.  “Well, I do like whatever you do,” he said.  “And you’re never inadequate.  You’re wonderful, all right?”  He was lucky to have Steve.
Steve thought that if he weren’t already so hot and flushed he’d be flushing even darker.  It went straight to his cock, curled hot in his belly and made it jump and throb.  “No, sir,” he managed.
, faceplate pushed up to reveal his features.  Of course any way Tony looked just then would probably have looked great to him.  Tony was there, and present, and apparently real?  Was he real?  Anyway, that was . . . incredible, almost impossible to believe.  The words came out of him very, very slurred and slow, and Steve frowned.  That wasn’t right.  Was it?
Tony.  Tony was talking to him.  Why were his thoughts coming so slowly?  He felt cold, and not much else, other than that tightness, that pain, in his chest.  His eyes weren’t open, he realized.  He was very aware of the passage of air over his bottom lip, which felt dry.  Tony was talking to him.  That was Tony’s voice.  Was Steve even still alive, then?
“Oh,” Tony heard himself moan.  “That’s so good, sweetheart.”  Steve was sliding his tongue over the tip of his cock, dragging it down and then back up, sliding his tongue along the slit just like Tony had suggested earlier, up and down in a teasing, impossibly good rhythm.  Tony gasped, felt himself roll his hips up until his ass left the bed.  He was panting.
Tony let him wait for it for a moment, working himself up, smiling down at him the whole while, twining his fingers in the short hair at the back of Steve’s neck, before he gave Steve’s hard cock a little flick with his shoe, one that set it slapping hard against Steve’s pelvis, a quick sharp bite of pain that had him sucking his breath and shivering, squirming, helplessly in Tony’s hold, under Tony.
noise, whimpering, his eyes opening wide, then sliding closed.  He tongued sloppily at one side of Tony’s cockhead, then pulled off just enough to whisper raggedly against the messy wet tip of his cock.
He still wasn’t even quite sure how it had started between him and Rumlow.  He’d gone out with the STRIKE team for drinks, one night, because, well, because he’d just been so . . . he hadn’t been able to face going back to his empty room and reading another history book, or just staring at the wall for a few hours before his mind finally slowed down enough that he could sleep, or he headed down to the workout room in his building to tire himself out.  He’d used to go out drinking with the Howlies, though it wasn’t like he could get drunk.  That wasn’t the point; it was about showing them he was one of them, he’d thought.  Well, he still thought that.  And then Rumlow had stayed later than the others, until it had been just him and Steve shooting pool, trading drinks.  Steve thought Rumlow might have been getting a little tipsy.  He should probably have gone back to his own place, but he’d been having a good time, and he’d felt comfortable, not out of place, for the first time in what felt like—well, since the last time he’d been in the field, if he was honest, and it had been so good, to feel at home when he wasn’t analyzing a mission or hitting someone with his shield, and Rumlow, with his attitude and his jokes and his dark eyes and friendly camaraderie, had reminded him a little of Bucky and a little of, of Tony.
Tony grinned back at him, feeling it loose and light on his face, soft and wide and easy.  “Naughty boy,” he said.  “Fooling around while on duty.  Weren’t you on those posters with all the condoms?  Scandalous.”
Tony, and everything Tony did to him was so—so goddamned perfect he didn’t even know what to do with himself.  And having his nipples weighted and clamped was one of his
Tony felt his own eyes widen, a wave of heat go through his whole body.  “You have?” he gasped.  “Damn, Steve.  How am I supposed to deal with the comedown after a mission when I know you might be just standing there looking cool as ever and thinking about going down on your knees and sucking me off?”
century.  There probably weren’t many people who made it almost a hundred years with only their right hand for intimate company.
Eventually, Steve gave a satisfied sound and one last lick to Tony’s damp, saliva-wet hole, rubbing his hands gently over his thighs, up along his hips, and straightened up.  His mouth was even puffier, wetter, than it had been before, and Tony swallowed, feeling a twinge of hot, needy, wanton self-consciousness pulling tight in his belly as he watched Steve wipe his mouth, wet and glistening.  His face was so spit-slick it really did look like he’d been eating Tony out, like he’d gotten wet for him somehow, and Tony groaned, feeling his gut tighten, his cock throb helplessly, for some reason, at the thought.
It would be okay, he thought.  If Tony wanted it.  He stroked the inside of his thighs some more, slipped his fingers in between his legs and teased gently at the soft space behind his balls until he was panting, then stroked his balls gently, the base of his cock again, until Tony was moaning.  Only then did he smooth his hand up again, run it over Tony’s hot, rosy rump, a deep, deep scarlet now.
“Good,” Tony said, licked his lips, apparently all his eloquence, his coherence, gone.  “’s good.  ‘s nice.  Smooth. Warm.  I don’t know, Steve, honey, please.”
, a little more had escaped.  He’d praised Steve for not touching himself, and it had felt so good, so—so sweet, like he was made out of warmth, like he had stepped into the heady, hazy air of a sauna, warmth and cotton candy all through him, sweet and soft.
Tony moaned, gasping, twisted in his arms, probably couldn’t help it as his sore rear and thighs, his sensitive shoulders, were brought in against Steve, as he was manhandled into putting pressure on them, but then Steve slid down, lay back, until he was curled over and around Tony who was mostly lying there on him, supported by his hips.
“Yeah,” Steve said blurrily, head hazy and thick, his voice scratchy and rough, hoarse, but to him it felt obvious.  “’Course.  Always.”
When Tony finally did come, it seemed to go on forever, Steve working it out of him with gentle rocks of his hips and strokes to his cock, as Tony was tossing his head, not even sure what sounds he was making as bright warm pleasure swept through him, carried him away, took him up with it, like he was flying, going straight up, he was going to break atmosphere, he swore he was, panting, chest heaving, the pleasure so intense, ebbing and flowing inside of him until he finally came back down and felt it still gently flowing through him, like a wave, and trembled as Steve coaxed a little more come out of his tired cock, feeling himself arch and gasp and shiver, not even sure what his body was feeling, except pleasure, soft and bright and everywhere, before he finally slumped back against Steve, feeling boneless, his legs weak and slack, his body wrung out, and Steve finally went still inside him, gave his cock one last squeeze, one last gentle stroke, and let go of it.
Steve moaned, cheeks a flaming red, red all the way down under his shirt, even over his stomach where his shirt had ridden up to display washboard abs and pale skin flushed like a sunset, but he nodded, sucked harder at Tony’s cockhead, lapping at the tip with added determination.
, and oh, God, maybe he could come from that, maybe if he could Tony would let him come again . . . .
Tony sighed as Steve pulled away, licked some of his own lipstick away from his bottom lip.  “You haven’t come,” he murmured softly.
, and it had taken him a long time to work up the courage to give Tony a kind of a sex toy for their anniversary, but he’d done it.
Tony panted, gasping, feeling himself stretch, letting his hand fall to his side, and there was a moment of pushing back, Steve’s cockhead sliding over him once, twice, pushing in bluntly and his ass resisting, trembling, the rim opening, stretching, but not enough, and Tony had a breathless moment of sucking in air, wondering if he was open enough
Steve grabbed more whipped cream on his finger and swiped it against Tony’s nose.  “I did,” he admitted.
“That’s the point, lunkhead,” Steve said, grinning.  “Now c’mere, my very lovely, very clever fella, and take me into the kitchen to get some cocoa.”
“Yes,” Tony breathed. It was tight, constricting, and he ached if his cock wanted to get hard, but it really was comfortable, no pinching, just that constant, gentle squeeze that grew tight and controlling whenever his cock struggled helplessly, hopelessly, to get erect.  “It’s comfortable.  Feels good.  Feels fine.”
“Look at you leak, honey,” Tony murmured, warm and knowing.  He stroked his shoe up along Steve’s cock, pushed the sole against the wet, leaking, weepy tip of his cock, let it smear up and down the rough treads until Steve was whimpering, sucking at his own lips, his teeth, to keep himself from drooling helplessly, the only thing he could do, unable to wipe his mouth.
“You like that?” Tony murmured, and it came out breathless, gasping despite himself, but he was supposed that was good, if Steve wanted to see his effect on him, if that was doing it for him.  “You like how I respond to you, big guy?”
Tony exhaled heavily, against Steve’s back, the back of Steve’s neck, and then pressed more kisses there, along the slope of his shoulders, and Steve sighed, happily, and closed his eyes against his arms.  He felt so good, so . . . relaxed, so spun out and so soft, so easy, and Tony was lying there and kissing his back, his shoulders, the back of his neck, warm against his body, in his body, and everything felt perfect.  It was a perfect moment, and Steve was just floating in it, and it felt so good.  So, so good.  Neither of them got many of those.  Even the prickling of his sore, raw, sensitized skin, the welts on his backside and shoulders that stung pleasantly, tenderly, under the soft touch of Tony’s careful mouth, the softest brush of his beard and his moustache, the vulnerable way his legs were splayed to let Tony lie between them, the throbbing, tender ache of his cock and the constant achy throb of his chest—all of that only made it even more perfect, kept Steve in that soft sweet space where everything felt good, absolutely everything, and Tony’s warmth, his touch, his kisses, they felt even better.  Steve found himself sighing a little, rubbing himself against the bed despite the slick, sticky cling of the wet covers, just to feel more of everything, the pleasurable twinges of his cock, the pain and tenderness in his pectorals and nipples, the way it stung, just every sensation, the warmth lingering in his skin from the oil, the way the covers felt on his skin, every movement pulling him firmly into his body, keeping him there.
“Yes,” Tony said.  “I saved some just for you.  On pain of death.  I—here.”  He struggled up, out of the blanket, almost fell off the couch on his face, before Steve caught his arm, and then sat up.  “Hey, I’ve got it,” he said.  Steve held up his hands in playful surrender, backed away.  Tony stood up, lurched over to the coffee table, and then held up a plate piled high with four or five kinds of Christmas cookies.  “Tada!” he said.  “Sugar cookies for my sugar cookie.”  He winked.  “And, uh, some other kinds, too.”
“God, you’re beautiful,” Tony was whispering in his ear, and his voice sounded raw, taken apart, broken open, utterly.  He raised his hand, stroked it against Steve’s cheek, brushing away wetness that Steve realized was overwhelmed tears, turning it against his skin in a soft, lingering caress, rubbing his thumb against the curve of Steve’s cheekbone, slid it down, fingers and thumb swiping up the come that had landed on Steve’s jaw, rubbing it gently off his skin.  Steve took in a deep, unsteady breath, and Tony kissed the curve of his ear again.  He felt very very—soft.  Warm and floating and good.  He swallowed, gasped, and then felt himself smiling, soft and hazy, up at Tony.  “Sweetheart,” Tony murmured thickly.  “So good, Steve.  So good for me.  You did so well, sweetheart.  You did perfectly for me.  Coming just from your tits and your sweet little hole, huh?  Just how I wanted, you did just how I wanted.  Just perfectly.”
“Jesus, he does all the work and then complains about how he didn’t take them all out down to the last guy,” Tony said, but the look on his face seemed incredibly fond to Steve, and his voice was affectionate, too. “Captain Heroism here’s out to give me a complex.  Oh, I just scanned the facility and shot down some exterior defenses, I’m useless.”
“Are you saying I should give you a break on this one?” Tony asked.  “Give you this one for free?”  He was still smiling a little, and he’d taken Steve’s hand in both of his now.
“Oh, pull the other one, Cappy,” Brock said.  “I’ve seen the way you fucking pine after him.  Like a goddamn puppy.  Your face, I swear to God.  You’re the most obvious slut on the damn planet.  Might as well write an engraved invitation on your ass.  ‘Iron Man’s dick welcome here.’  Not that I blame you; the man’s a gorgeous piece of ass himself.  I’d tap that, if I had a chance.  Can you imagine how he’d sound with a cock in him?  Or choking on it.  Jesus.”
When Steve woke up, he was aware of the incessant sound of beeping and the hum of electronics, the scent of disinfectant in his nostrils, the scratchy bleached feel and smell of hospital linens.  It struck him first that he was in a hospital of some sort, and second that it was a twenty-first century hospital, third that he was cold, and clad in an embarrassing hospital gown, fourth that he could curl his bare toes in against the flat mattress and scratchy sheets without any pain, and fourth that he could hear familiar breathing and a heartbeat he knew better than his own in the room with him.  Tony.  A familiar pleasant tightness curled in his belly, a familiar warmth spread through him, a familiar ache twinged in his chest.  Tony had stayed with him.
“Sorry, sorry,” Tony said.  “I shouldn’t tease, babe, I know.”  He was petting Steve’s hand now.  Steve wondered what that meant.  “But if you wanna sleep, I can be here when you wake up, too.  I can bring you a tablet so you can catch up on the news and we can play cards or whatever you want to do.  And I’ll bring you some ice cream, any flavor.  I just don’t want you to hurt, big boy.”
“Uh,” Tony mumbled. There was drool dripping out of his mouth now, over his tongue, saliva smearing across the mirror, which felt warm from his breath.  “Not. Not very.”  He always closed up fast, squeezing down like his stupid tight, tense ass didn’t want to be open, not even for Steve.  And maybe that had sort of been true in the past, but it wasn’t now, not with Steve.  Tony—he—he kind of liked, maybe, being worked open for him, being made ready to take Steve’s big, overwhelming thickness.  He didn’t mind it, anyway.
“Yeah, hurts,” Steve managed to gasp out.  It hurt, yeah, it throbbed with a deep, achy pain.  It hurt so good, it was so hot, he never wanted it to stop.  His dick jerked, leaking.  Tony tugged on the clamps again, on the chain, and there was
Steve scoffed, ducked his head down, his face, his ears, his neck going red down under his shirt.  “I did not,” he said.  “I—I choked and—it—I made all kinds of a mess, and you had to kneel down and wipe my face, you sounded all—all
Tony nodded, unsteadily, and Steve just rubbed at the back of his neck some more, squeezed and massaged, and he felt so good, damn, he felt so good, it felt right, even his aching cock in its cage, the metal warm now from their bodies, felt right.  He didn’t want to come; he wanted to lie here against Steve, soft and relaxed, and enjoy this soft, sweet, easy ache, maybe, after a while, slide off Steve’s cock and clean up and blow him before bed, if Steve let him.  If Steve wanted him to.
There was a reason he’d over-applied his lipstick so copiously.  Tony wrapped his lips around the head of Steve’s cock and sucked, playing at the tip, pushing into the slit, with his tongue, hearing it as Steve panted, moaned, loudly, trembling under him, then pulled off and looked, pleased, at the red ring of lipstick that had left, cherry-red and incredibly sexual, just under the head of Steve’s cock.
He couldn’t resist a little red, though, in the ruby-red shade of his lipstick, the soft warm rose of the blush over his cheekbones, and he’d circled the buds of his nipples in it, too, so they showed rouged and dusky red through the delicate fall of soft white lace.  Even he thought it looked—striking, with his strong square shoulders, his distinct, carefully shaped mustache and van dyke.  He’d shaved or waxed everywhere else but his face—his chest, his private parts except for his neatly manicured pubic hair, even his legs, freshly waxed and smooth so that the silk of the stockings felt cool and shiveringly smooth over the sensitive, tingling skin.  He’d chosen the stockings carefully, too, white silk with a back seam and a delicate decorative band at the top, diamond pattered lace with a wide band of floral worked patterns above it.  He was standing there in his stocking feet, because it made Steve just that little bit taller than him, and he’d wanted that, felt like it fit.
He welcomed it when Brock grabbed his shirt by the collar and pulled him into a bruising, biting kiss, pushing his hands back into Steve’s hair and fisting them there, making him shiver at the way the touch felt against his scalp, against the strands, the way his mouth felt on his, hot and wet, biting at his bottom lip, tongue against his own.  His hands were busy at Steve’s belt as he kissed him, and Steve could feel it as it came open, as he unbuttoned and unzipped his fly and his pants went loose at his hips and crotch.
like that, Steve.  You’re so good, you’re amazing.”  He pressed a kiss against the back of Steve’s neck, and Steve felt himself shudder—around his fingers, so it set the weighted clamps on his tits swinging, down to his toes—and took a deep, unsteady breath.
“My pleasure,” Tony purred.  “My almond-banana cupcake.  On your back, stallion, and I’ll keep you warm and do this at the same time.”
Steve found his lips tugging into a smile, even dry as they were and as much as his head hurt, and lifted the hand with all the tubes taped into it, waggling it equivocally back and forth.  “Been better,” he managed.  “Been worse.”  His face felt tight and hot, probably from whatever parts of the explosion had managed to reach him.  “Feel like maybe I hit my head,” he managed.
“I love it, Tony,” Steve said, hoarse and deep, eyes opening again as he lifted his hands, petted them gently down Tony’s sides.  “You look so, so delicate, so beautiful, so.  God. So good, so gorgeous for me.”  He leaned in, pressed a gentle kiss against Tony’s shoulder, against the silky strap of the babydoll, and Tony sighed, let himself sway forward against him.
The stretch was huge, overwhelming, just as overwhelming as it had been the first time, and he found himself gasping, moaning, trembling as he braced himself on Steve, as Steve filled him up.  He rocked over Steve, panting, feeling him so thick and hot and full, pulsing inside him, heard his own harsh breaths in his own ears.  He found himself rubbing his caged cock up against Steve’s belly, feeling the heaviness of it, the ghosts of warmth, of sensation, the tugs on the needy ache that was desperate for friction, for something more than he was getting, but was held at bay as his cock was kept soft and tight, even as he lifted himself up again, sank back down, and then he was falling into a rhythm, working himself on Steve’s dick, sliding up and down, idly rubbing his caged cock against Steve’s hard, muscular stomach the whole time, not really for the friction of it, just because it somehow felt good, right, the feeling of the pressure, the tugging, the metal on his cock warming from being pressed between them. Steve felt so big and thick and insistent inside him, heating him up from the inside out, sending pleasure shivering through him despite the initial overwhelming ache and discomfort and spread of the stretch, every time his big hot length shivered over that place inside, and Tony just—he found that soft place again, settled into it, working himself up and down on Steve’s big cock, arching his back to rub his caged cock idly, pointlessly, helplessly, up against Steve’s rigid abdomen, feeling his warmth on his cock only as the metal heated, panting, staring up at Steve, feeling like his eyes were starry and wet.
“You always do,” Tony said, smiling softly at him and tracing his fingers down over Steve’s chest, over his t-shirt between his pectorals, tracing over the muscles and then down his side, in a gentle way that made him shiver and press closer, not in a sexual way, just because the light, simple caress felt good, made him shiver with the awareness of his skin and muscle, even as Tony’s fingers lingered lightly over the tape over his ribs through his shirt, under the blankets.
“Shh,” Steve said, and pulled his hands free, put them both on Tony’s face, covered his lips with his thumbs.  “Shh, babe.  Love you.  C’mere.”
It was like a punch to the solar plexus.  It almost hurt, just as bad.  Steve felt himself go cold, then hot, felt his face flame even hotter, hot as blazes, hot enough to heat a cup of water, it felt like probably.  “I—no,” he said lamely.
Tony opened his eyes and smiled at him.  “No,” he said.  “Thank you.” And he leaned in and pressed a kiss to Steve’s lips.
Natasha just crossed her arms and leaned back against the wall beside him.  “You know the story, of course,” she said.  “He went on the ice drunk.  He’s an alcoholic.”
thing now that he’d had come up his nose, honestly, but Tony didn’t think it would be best to say that.  “Worried that you were a bit taken aback by the experience,” Tony said, finally.  “It’s not to everyone’s taste, you know, giving head.  I’m not quite sure what I expected the first time, but it definitely wasn’t that.”  He grinned up at Steve, ran his thumb, his fingers, along his jaw, over his chin.
Eventually, he stopped rubbing at himself, feeling too overcome by the way Steve was stroking him inside, gently working him open, painting his inner walls with copious lube until he was shaking, just bracing himself against Steve’s chest and rocking his hips in soft, begging hitches up and down, helplessly, and panting.  It felt so overwhelming like this, with his cock locked up, so much more intense, and all he could do was spread his legs and let Steve’s fingers work slickly in and out of him, rubbing him soft and open.
“Okay,” Steve said after a long time.  “Let me clean you up.”  He hugged Tony lightly, rubbing his stomach, kissed the top of his head, then helped Tony push himself up to his knees, rubbed a soft circle between his shoulder blades.
“Okay, Steve,” Brock said, and Steve wondered if it was all right to call him Brock.  “I give, you take, all right?  I call the shots here, I make the calls, and you do the kneeling and the spreading and the sucking in.  You take it and you thank me for it, whatever I give you.  How’s that sound?”
“I am feeling good,” he managed to rasp out, his voice weak and reedy, really a hoarse gasp more than anything else.  “So, so good, big fella.  You’re so good with your tongue, you know that?  It’s so firm and strong on me, I can really feel it.  So hot and wet and around me.  I’m really loving that,
But the rest of the time, he was rough, tough, treated Steve like he was a—a commodity, a toy to be used, and Steve, he
“Shh,” Tony said, and when Steve looked up, he was smiling again.  “No hardship,” Tony told him, and Steve knew that was Tony’s way of saying how much he liked this, lying here together, warm and soft, and relaxed.  He snuggled in to drape an arm over Tony’s chest, turn his face in toward the warm skin of Tony’s neck and press a kiss there.
Steve wondered.  What had he done to give it away?  Give himself away?  How had Brock known he wanted this—like this.  He clenched his hands in the bedspread and dragged the cloth closer toward him despite himself, his muscles flexing.  He didn’t even realize how badly he was rucking it up until he buried his face in it and gasped, and Brock was still working his fingers against that spot, a quick in and out, in and out.  The texture of his gloves was rubbing Steve’s rim, the tight clenching muscles there, raw and hot and painful, and Steve felt his cock hardening, felt it twitching in midair, bobbing helpless and wet, and bit back a groan, hid it against his forearm.  Why was that so good, why did it make him so—so hot, make him need so damn much?
, oh, that had made Steve hot all over, had gone straight to his already hot, throbbing dick, straining at the front of his jeans, “Gave me ideas, big guy, the way you stick your ass up in the air for me like you’re panting for it.  You wanna help me out, don’tcha?  You’re the one who got me all wound up like this,” he was tugging at Steve’s hair, biting at the side of his mouth while he talked, and Steve was groaning, hitching his hips forward against him, unable to stop, hot all over, every word making the inside of his head feel hotter, making him feel like he was melting, “the way you were batting those—those fuckin’ eyelashes, I know you want it, fucking asking me for it . . .”
Steve could barely think, barely speak through the sudden want that pounded in his chest, through his head.  “Sir,” he said, and it came out hoarse and rough, a barely there rasp.  “Please.”
Tony was shifting over the bed again, pushing his chest down into the firm but fluffy pillow that lay under his torso and up under his head, twisting his bound hands in their soft leather cuffs above him, pushing them down against the covers, the mattress, breath coming soft and fast and low in his chest.  Steve set down the flogger he’d been considering, stepped forward, around the end of the bed, to lay a hand on Tony’s shoulder and squeeze, stroked down over his back, feeling the warmth of Tony’s skin, the goosepimples that were sweeping down along his shoulders and back, over his spine.  He stroked his back again, felt the cold sweat starting to gather at the dip of his spine, scratched his nails lightly, gently, teasingly, over Tony’s shoulders, down along his back, and felt Tony shiver under him, blow his breath out softly, saw his muscles starting to relax in his shoulders, so that was good.  “You doin’ all right, fella?” Steve asked.  “We don’t have to, you know.  If you don’t want.”
“All right,” Tony said.  “So, it’s up to you how you want to do this, lovely, but I’d put my hand on the cock in question—mine, in this case.”  He winked and Steve huffed out a laugh, ducking his head and looking up at him through his eyelashes, smiling a little, and there, that was good, that was what he wanted.  He reached down, circling his hands over Steve’s massive shoulders.  “And you know, be careful to cover your teeth with your lips, right?”
It usually took Tony a while to come, and ever since the cancer it had taken even longer, but he could feel how close he was now, and was sure, absolutely sure, that Steve’s hot mouth, his gentle, coaxing tongue, would get him there before too long.  He found himself clutching at his hair, fingers digging into his own scalp, pressing the back of his other hand against his mouth to muffle the noises wanting to escape him, to help keep them back.
“Well,” Steve said fervently, “it worked.”  He smoothed his hands down Tony’s sides, then Tony helped him unfasten the garter belt, leaned back into Steve and let him work his panties down over his stockings, off over his feet.  Steve stroked Tony’s cock idly as he worked them down, making Tony shiver in his arms, then lifted his feet gently, pulled them off.  He ran his thumb over them, as if appreciating their softness, before setting them aside, then returned to Tony’s legs, rolling down his stockings gently and tugging them carefully off his feet.
the hot hardness of his cock against his bottom through the little skirt and garter belt, throbbing and needy.  “Can I do something for you, hot stuff?” he murmured.  “Can I make you feel good?”
“Oh, yeah,” Tony said fervently.  “In the shower—maybe as a break from lab work, you pushing me down on my back on the bed and just going to town on me—”
“That was nanotech, brain freeze,” Tony said.  He leaned in, scooted up a little, and his body was pressed against Steve’s now, or the armor was, half supporting him, and his lips brushed against Steve’s temple, along his forehead, pressing in soft and rough and gentle against his skin.  Steve immediately felt a sting of heat across his forehead, wherever they touched, like he’d gone warm into his core at the touch, but it couldn’t have been a purposeful kiss, he knew that.  A moment later, Tony’s gauntleted hand was firm under Steve’s wrist, his forearm, gripping at his hand.
, and—and Tony was wonderful, and giving it to him, and—all he seemed to be able to do was moan, but he let his mouth hang open, wet and soft, and when Tony reached up toward his face, he turned his face toward his hand, pressed his mouth wet against his palm, and panted against Tony’s hand, hoping that it conveyed something of what he felt.
Besides, Tony thought, it had reminded Tony of being with his girlfriends, eating pussy, in a way that had made him squirm, go hot.  Like he’d gotten wet for Steve.  He would never have thought that would turn him on—hey, his cock didn’t always play ball, so to speak, no awful puns intended, but he
“Fine,” Steve said. He didn’t want to dwell on his injuries—they weren’t a big deal, and they’d be gone in another few days, anyway. It was just a few broken ribs, a slash down his leg.  They were already knitting, healing; he could feel it.  Sure, it was rough, being injured a few days before Thanksgiving, but hey, at least he could eat a lot over the next couple of days, give his metabolism a boost.  He was just sorry he couldn’t chip in to help Jarvis with the cooking like he normally did.
“Mmm,” Steve groaned around Tony’s cock, then pulled off, just a bit.  He was panting, his mouth a swollen, puffy mess, his face smeared with saliva, damp with sweat, and he wiped at it with his shoulder, along his bicep, then looked up at Tony again.  He was playing his tongue over his bottom lip, and Tony didn’t think he was trying to be seductive, but God, the sight of it, slick and shiny over that swollen mouth, made Tony dizzy with want.  “I am enjoying it,” Steve mumbled, and his voice was thick, hoarse and raspy.  “I love it when you’re feelin’ good, Tony.  I—I love making you feel good.”  His face was bright red again, but Tony had no doubt of his absolute sincerity, and somehow those gruff words had his throat going thick, his chest squeezing, more than any of the extravagant praise he’d sometimes been lavished with in bed, because it was just Steve, Steve saying he wanted to make him, Tony, feel good, and nothing more.  Calling him
Steve was uncomfortably aware of the eyes on them as he flushed and gulped down a breath. Tony—Stark—remembered him?  From before?  He … “It’s good to see you back,” he said, finally, grasping for something to say, and, well, it was the truth.
“Not just yet, big boy, no,” Tony said, his voice sounding fond, fond and warm, as he pressed his face to Steve’s, nuzzled back, pressed a kiss into his hair, against his temple.  His fingers tugged at the weights again, slipped back up to tease at the tips of his nipples, making Steve ache and shudder with the burning numb heat that was gathering there, spreading through his clamped flesh, more so with every tap Tony laid against his clamped nubs, sending another dull shock through Steve and making him jerk.  Every one made his cock leak.  The tip of his cock felt so hot and hard, burning and aching and on fire with need, throbbing with desperate, ignored want, it was almost painful even without a touch, and Steve still found himself dreaming of those touches all the same, of Tony’s fingertips on his sensitive, wet, slippery cockhead, slipping and sliding and drawing slippery shapes over the thin, raw-hot skin until Steve was moaning and shaking and dripping, smearing wet against Tony’s fingers, maybe his thumb, pushing into his slit, making him shake, making him tremble with the delicate little touches to that sensitive, so sensitive spot that made Steve feel hurt so good, feel like he was going to vibrate right out of his skin, he burned for it, he ached for it, for Tony to touch him, to squeeze, to get his fingers around Steve’s cockhead and squeeze and stroke at the base, anything at all.  His cockhead burned with need, with want, and he could feel, almost hear, himself dripping messily against the bed.  Way messier than a pussy, Tony had said, more than once, a few times, and Steve felt himself flush red hot at the thought all over again.
Brock had come inside him the first time, and pulled out, and Steve had realized that there was his come dribbling out of him, wet and dripping, down his thigh, before he’d flushed and clenched his hole shut, feeling how wet and loose it felt inside.  It had trickled down past his briefs, down to his knee, and he could feel it tamping down the hair there, against his jeans.  When Brock had slapped his rump and called him
“No, I,” Tony said quickly, his voice a little shaky and quick, “I want to.  I want to, honey.”  He pushed his hands down, got his head up, looked up at Steve.  “I want to,” he said again, and there was a pleading tone in his voice, shaking a little, not quite like he was begging, but close, like he was scared Steve might back out, but, probably, didn’t want to be too obvious about how much he was wanting it.
, Steve thought, unfocused, but then he thought that no, that wasn’t it.  He needed whatever Tony wanted him to have.  He pressed his face closer to Tony’s jaw and just breathed him in.  He could still smell his cologne.
Steve felt . . . he felt helpless, overcome.  Saliva drooled out of his mouth as Tony pulled away, pressed a wet kiss to his cheek, then slapped at both of Steve’s broad pecs, grinning as he gasped and they jumped under the heavy slap of his hands.  He squeezed against the nipples and Steve shuddered down to his toes.  “Such pretty little tits,” Tony said.  “Well, not little.  Not little at all, really, are they, slugger?  They’re huge.  You’ve got a rack and then some.”  He tugged on Steve’s nipples, and Steve gasped, groaned, felt tears of sensation stinging at his eyes, overwhelmed in the best way.  “How’s that warming oil treatin’ you?  Making you feel really nice?”
“Thank you,” Tony murmured, and it came out simple and sincere, and he felt a wave of heat travel over his face.
He really didn’t know what Brock wanted at all, really.  Steve sighed at the thought, felt his head dipping down.  Sometimes Brock was soft and sweet, would let Steve sit in front of him on the floor after, as they watched TV, and pet his hair, dragging his hand slowly and a little roughly through the soft strands.  He’d spoon up behind Steve in bed, curl his arms around him, keep him warm through the night.  Call him “sweetie.”
Steve bit his lip and sat up, reached back and fingered loosely at his wet, sticky hole.  It was slightly tender.  More than a little.  Oh, ow.  A little sore, maybe.
That same tone of wonder and awe was in Steve’s voice now, as he said, breathlessly, warm against Tony’s neck, “You look so pretty, Tony,” looking over Tony’s shoulder at the two of them standing in front of the floor-length mirror, big warm hands skimming over Tony’s hips, along the short flirty skirt of light blue silk and lace, down under it to wander over the soft blue and white cotton of his garter belt, tracing down the straps where they bit lightly into Tony’s thighs, then back up again.  His eyes looked big and blown, he was biting his bottom lip, flushed furiously down his neck and over his chest, down past his nipples (already perky and flushed themselves, standing out from his pillowy pecs with arousal) and he couldn’t seem to stop running his hands over Tony’s hips, his belly where it was covered by the garter belt, down over his thighs, and that was totally,
His eyes cleared, eventually, though Steve kept them barely open, lashes down low, so he could keep them from watering as much as possible, even though his cheeks already felt wet just beneath his lashes, under his eyes.  He didn’t see Tony, though, and then he realized he was probably on his other side. He swallowed a sigh and somehow found the energy to turn his head on the pillow, to the other side of the room. It took more effort than it felt like he should, and Steve felt like he was straining to make his shoulders, the muscles in his neck, obey him, which made the pain in his head sharpen and throb hotly in his temples, beneath his skull, before his head finally lolled to the side.
Steve’s eyes fluttered, he gulped, once, then again, swallowed, looking down at Tony, his eyes blown, dark, then dragged in a long, ragged breath and fell down to his knees, reaching up with both hands and cupping Tony’s face.  They felt sweaty, and Tony smiled at that, proud that he’d got him that worked up, into it, turned his face and left a red smudge of lipstick against the heel of Steve’s hand with a kiss.  It made him feel warm, glowing, the satisfaction of Steve’s hot flush and glazed eyes and breathless smile, of the taste of Steve’s come on his tongue.  “God, Tony,” Steve gasped.  “That was … that was …” he ran his thumbs gently along Tony’s beard, all soft warm strength, damp and radiating heat against his face.  “That was so good,” he whispered, lashes fluttering, and swallowed again.  “You’re so, you’re so beautiful.”
Tony hadn’t been so turned on in a long time.  He looked so … tousled and hot and breathless and just … messy, with his smeared lipstick and disheveled lingerie and Steve was all over him and his cock was throbbing and hard in his panties and garter belt, under Steve’s hand, and Steve was still squeezing at him, and he couldn’t help rolling his hips up into him and he felt so—so used, so helpless and
It didn’t take long at all for Steve to come, but it was hard, furious, overwhelming.  He came and came, and Tony could feel it dripping out of him, down his legs, the wet pulse inside of him, and then Steve sagged over him, gasping, with a breathless gasp of, “Tony,” before he squeezed his hips, pressed a kiss between his shoulder blades.
Steve gulped, his strong throat working.  Tony reached out, let his fingers trail down Steve’s cleanshaven throat, over his neck, his Adam’s apple, his pulse.  Steve shuddered under him, his fair skin flushing as Tony touched him.  “That, that’s what I mean,” he said, and took a breath, clenched and unclenched his hands, then pet awkwardly at the sensitive skin on the inside of Tony’s thighs and had him shivering all over with the sensation, the simple vividness of that touch.  “That’s what I mean,” Steve muttered again.  “That’s—I know you do.  That’s why I—I mean, you worked at it, right?  Learning how to—to take it any way.”
the way that made Brock suck in his breath, made him stiffen.  His hand jerked quickly behind him, Steve could feel it, and he realized Brock was working his cock.  “God, yes,” he groaned.  “Fuck, yes.  Yes.  That’s perfect.  You call me sir.”
His mouth was stinging and painful and gritty by the time Brock let him up.  He took another swig of his beer bottle, then pushed the butt of it into Steve’s cheek, looking at his glassy eyes, the unsteady way he breathed.  “Mouth’s too dirty to stick my dick in now,” he said, and Steve felt his eyes sting despite himself, even though it was stupid, even though he knew the floor had been dirty.  It was just—he wanted to serve, he
Steve gave a low grunt, sounding satisfied, squeezed his balls lightly, gently, then pushed Tony’s cock up toward his belly again, leaned in and in and down, shimmying up a little between Tony’s legs on his stomach, and pressed a hot, wet kiss to the base of his cock.  Tony heard the moaning little noise he gave, found himself covering his mouth with his hand again.  Steve shot a quick smile up at him, and the sight of that bright, crooked grin on his face made Tony’s chest twinge with a tender, pleasurable ache, like a bruise on the inside, tightened up his stomach—and yeah, made his cock twitch, too.  Steve’s face was red, but he was still smiling when he dipped his head and took the tip of Tony’s cock back into his mouth.
Steve did his shoulders for a long while, watching them turn even redder under the soft white tails, letting them caress his skin in between, slip and slide over his shoulder blades, between them, down his spine before he brought them back up in a slow rhythm he kept purposefully uneven.  He watched Tony’s hands tighten in the blankets, twist, his strong wrists working, the muscles locking up along them under the cuffs, before they’d relax again, go limp, and Tony would relax, face down in the pillows, panting, working his hips in little needy twitching rolls forward every so often. Eventually, Steve pulled his arm back, stepped in, ran his hand over the warm red skin of Tony’s shoulders.  He shuddered, gasped, and Steve turned it over, ran the backs of his fingers along Tony’s skin.
, he always did, Tony was so full, so, so full, like he could hardly take it, Steve a hot, heavy weight filling him up entirely, until he felt like he could hardly breathe, and he was hardly aware of the metal weight encasing his cock over the intense push of it, the overwhelming fullness and pressure and heat and weight of Steve inside him, because it hardly mattered next to that (and the pain, the ache, of his constrained cock had eased, anyway, Tony knew he had gone soft when Steve pushed in; he almost always did).
Tony’s jump, the startled whimper, low in his throat, the way his toes curled into the covers and the way he ground down, rubbing his cock against the bed, all of it was sweet, gorgeous, wonderful to witness.  Tony gave a sweet, needy little moan and relaxed as Steve settled into a rhythm of trailing the tails across his thighs, then giving him soft slow smacks up and down, up over the place where his thighs met his rear, then back down again. Only when his thighs were as warm and rosy as his rear did Steve stop, rubbing them gently with one hand as he leaned up, kissed each of Tony’s shoulders, ran his fingers up through his tousled, curling hair, tugging gently on the thick curls, and then started the same sort of rhythm with the soft, silky fur across his shoulders.  Tony sighed, at that, jumped a little, but then settled into it, going a little deep rosy-red under his skin, along his neck and what Steve could see of his face, his ears, the tops of his shoulders and the small of his back, as he sighed out.  If Tony was blushing, that probably meant he was enjoying the sensation of the soft fur over his shoulders.
that, God, and then struggling to strain his thighs to push down, lift himself up so that he could sink back down over Steve’s dick again.  His caged cock felt heavy, swaying between his legs.
The cage felt heavy, tugging Tony’s cock and balls down between his legs as he rubbed at it through the silky fabric of his panties, feeling the smooth metal, cooler than his skin, through the silk, knowing the bulge of the cage, the shape of it, the mesh pattern of the steel, was visible under the clinging panties.  It was always a strange feeling to rub at himself through the cage, feel pressure and a slight tease of sensation but nothing else, the way the cage dragged him down, the metal and weight and pull of it making him constantly hyper-aware of the way his cock was locked up, contained. It fit snugly, but didn’t compress him; it was comfortable to wear, and actually made him look bigger in his panties as he rubbed at it, at himself, creating a more dramatic bulge under the soft silk. Steve had told him that he wanted Tony to be comfortable in whatever cages they used, first and foremost, then smiled at him, caressing the underside of Tony’s cock, just under the head, and said, “So I can keep you in it just as long as I want, right, Tony?” and Tony had shivered, moaned, pushed up into his hand, and said, “Yes, yes, honey, please,” hot all over just thinking about it.
with his hand on Steve’s cock, drawing it out.  “I came five times,” he finally managed to slur out.
Steve was sure that was true, but that didn’t make it any more fair.  Or nicer to have to deal with, he was sure.  “All the same,” he said.  “Whatever their problem is.  I don’t have it.”
“Like you’re not always throwing yourself into danger?” Steve mumbled.  “C’mon, Shellhead, pull the other one.  I know you, remember?”
“That you can,” Brock said, then stopped, hesitated.  “You know, Rogers,” he said.  “I wouldn’t mind—keeping you around a while.”
“Yessir,” Steve said gruffly, even as he tilted his head back for Tony’s finger, a beautifully, unselfconsciously giving gesture that made something hot and shivery go through Tony’s chest.  “I surely would.”
“I, I,” Tony tried to think. “I did two, two enemas, with solution. It took a long time?  About two hours.  But, uh, you, you knew that.  Sorry. I, uh, I should be really clean, though, honey.  I let it go all the way in, uh, both times.”  He’d done a fresh wax, too, applied lotion, so he should be all nice and clean and smooth for Steve.  He hadn’t taken the cage off, though, couldn’t—Steve wore the key around his neck, Tony could see it, nestled coyly against his skin, almost hidden behind his dogtags on their chain, and the lock was one Tony had designed; there really was no getting it off without the key where it fit tight and snug against his cock, against his body.  Steve would take it off later, wash Tony’s cock, check it over gently, like he did for Tony every night when Tony was locked up like this.  Tony looked forward to it, not for the time out of the cage, because it wasn’t like he was allowed to come then, either, not when they were doing this, but because of the gentle care Steve always showed, the way it felt being washed clean and fondled by Steve’s strong hands, or the way Steve would watch and help while Tony did it.
Steve felt himself go warm all over, like he stepped into sunlight, like he’d been submerged in a warm, comforting bath, his skin tingling like Tony’s words were the rays of the sun against it.  He shivered, pressed his wrists against Tony’s neck, clumsily trying to cradle his head, twist himself up for a kiss, felt himself smile even wider.  He’d done just what Tony wanted.
“Now there’s a worrying answer,” Tony said, lightly, but his hands skimmed down over Steve’s back, around his sides, patting down over his hips and up over his chest, as if to check for injuries, and Steve could feel Tony’s body tense under his.
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” Steve said, catching Tony’s hands with his and smiling ruefully at him.  “Sorry, should’ve been clearer.  Good as new.  Not a scratch.”  He tugged Tony’s hands down over his chest illustratively.  “See?”
And then Tony’s fingers pinched at his nipple again, and he gasped as it woke up his numb tit, and Tony circled his fingers in, and
“Y-yeah,” Tony breathed, hitching and whimpering in his throat as Steve teased at him.  “C-course not.  It’s always good with you.”
“You’d rather just lie there and suffer?” Tony demanded tightly, but his thumb was rubbing gentle circles into Steve’s skin again.
Tony grinned.  “You’re welcome, soldier,” he said, and then took Steve’s elbow and led him over to the sofa.  Steve blinked at it, almost disoriented, because it looked like—a bed?  Oh.  Tony had made up his wide pullout sofa with sheets and pillows and blankets.  It looked—so inviting, oh God.  “Lie down, sweetheart,” Tony said.  “I just have to strip the bed, it won’t take long.  I’ll be here with you in another moment, I promise.”
It actually felt good, that was the thing, soft and good on his throbbing, used asshole, the softly aching, sensitive inner tissues, Steve’s mouth so soft and gentle as it moved over him, his tongue laving inside him, cleaning him up, leaving him dripping and wet and prickling with soft, wet, needy heat.  Tony could see himself in the smudged mirror, now, his own wide eyes behind his mascara and, amazingly, only slightly smudged eyeliner, the slack helpless sag of his open mouth, the deep flush suffusing his face, down his chest, the hot perky peaks of his rouged nipples and tousled hair and disheveled lingerie, the crooked babydoll and soft panties around his thighs and sagging stockings, and his soft cock hanging limp and floppy between his legs, nestling into the panties down his thighs.  Tony moaned, because somehow the makeup, the lingerie, combined to make him look even more fucked out and used, and because he could see Steve’s hands flexing at his hips, on his thighs, see Steve behind him in the mirror, head bent earnestly to his task, feel exactly how earnestly, how deeply, Steve’s warm tongue was cleaning him out inside, licking every trace of Steve’s own come out of Tony’s dripping, well-fucked hole.
Tony turned his head, just a little, and their lips brushed against each other, a petal soft kiss before Tony pressed a more definite one to the side of Steve’s mouth, against his chin, still rubbing gently at Steve’s wrists, then up along the side of Steve’s face, a row of soft, dragging, wet kisses, before he brought his own hands back down.  Steve left his where they were, tilting his whole body in a little more against Tony.  His shoulders were a shuddering mass of tenderness that made his cock jerk as he shifted against Tony, but it felt so good to tilt his body against his, to feel Tony’s sturdy strength and presence there against him as Tony kissed the lobe of his ear.  The position made him feel strangely vulnerable, the way it exposed his underarms to the air, kept his hands helplessly behind him, canted back and only able to really hold onto Tony, but there was—there was something good about that.  He liked it.
“Good,” Tony said, smiling. His hand scratched gently through Steve’s hair.  “That’s all I want, babe.  All I want.”
Steve swallowed hard, eyes suddenly stinging, feeling utterly overcome by those soft words, the heat of the water, the feeling of Tony’s hands on him, his soft kisses.  Tony pressed another soft kiss to his cheekbone, his jaw, the side of his nose, and then he was washing him, and Steve—he must have just fuzzed out, somehow.  Tony’s hands on him, Tony’s kisses, the way it felt—painful, yes, but painfully, brightly, excoriatingly good, too—as Tony sudsed up his back with soap, dabbing very gently at it with a washcloth, rinsing him thoroughly, back and front, no doubt to get the oil off, very, very gentle around his nipples, though at one point he did thumb gently at one until Steve was crying out, then lean in and close his mouth around it, tonguing and sucking at it until Steve had both hands tangled in Tony’s wet hair and was panting for breaths, then moved away and started washing him down again.  He felt warm, inside and out, and the water was hot, the room steamy.  Tony’s hands were so gentle.  Steve let him wash him down, rinse him off with one of the hand-held sprayers, do the whole thing again, then, when Tony ran his hands, wet with Tony’s shampoo that smelled like sandalwood and limes, up into his hair, he sighed and sank down to his knees the way he’d wanted to do the whole time, swayed forward and let his face rest against Tony’s chest.
Tony winked up at him, reached up, ran two fingers over his wet, lipstick-smeared, come-spattered lips, feeling their hot raw puffiness, the wetness of come over the stickiness of the lipstick, until his fingers felt coated in it, and he reached out, pressed them into Steve’s skin just above the jut of his hip, leaving a red kiss of lipstick there against his skin.
They were harsh, tight ones, with tips ending in balls on each side, and Tony tugged his nipple out, twisted until Steve was whining as he panted, groaning, his dick jerking and leaking at the painful pressure, and clamped it on so the balls dug into his areola, deep into the meat of his tit muscle, pushed out the tight peak.  He moaned, gasping, and Tony rubbed the nub of his nipple, back and forth with his fingers, made it prickle, made Steve’s dick jerk at the sudden burst of sensation, of pleasure-pain, as the soreness tightened and deepened in his tit, around his nipple, until it was tight and prickling and felt so hot, so alive and sensitized to every sensation . . . .
It was warm.  It was so warm, and in moments Steve was tingled all over, flushed hot in the face all over again, bucking against the bonds around his arms, his position, rocking his hips helplessly.  Every movement made his sore rear, his shoulders, burn against the bed, on fire, wonderfully tender and sore. Tony just smiled down at him as he groaned and rocked and shivered under him, his mouth open and panting as moans, loud, needy noises, spilled out of him, wet with saliva that spilled out helplessly, too.  Tony was rubbing at his nipples now, pulling at them, and oh, God, he couldn’t think, there was just pleasure and sensation, every prickling spark of heat in his nipples going straight to his dick, the pleasure as Tony rubbed his thumbs over them and God, his dick was leaking, fat droplets of precome splatting down on Steve’s belly even as he panted and squirmed and the rocking movements of his hips made his dick jump.  He felt so hot, so hot all over.  His backside burned, on fire.  His breast was a stinging glow of radiant heat, a burning sensation that didn’t burn, that almost tickled, and Tony’s hands were massaging into the sensitive flesh, massaging his sensitive, heaving tits until Steve was whining, groaning just at that.
Steve got his hand up, started stroking through Tony’s hair again.  “You were so good,” he murmured again, just to see Tony’s trembling little smile, the way he pressed his face into Steve’s shoulder, against his neck, and blew out soft, trembling breaths.  That was the best part of doing this, the way Tony would go so soft and liquid afterwards, all open, permissive warmth, curl up against Steve and—and show Steve that sweet vulnerable side of him Steve knew was in there, that he tried so hard to keep contained, show Steve the deepest part of him, the part of Tony that maybe loved Steve most of all, or at the very least, was the most eager, the most willing, to show it, all affection and sweetness and devotion and so much of it Steve felt like he’d never even be able to process it all, like a starving man sat down at a great feast, a poor man offered all of Tony’s own vast fortune, and more.  Steve rubbed his hand at the back of Tony’s neck, massaging gently, rolling Tony mostly over on top of him, looking down at the shoulders and rear he’d turned so hot and, well, a little bruised, definitely, at least, that backside, but Tony liked that, didn’t he?  He asked Steve for it so much, and—
, curling his tongue around the tight little peak until Steve’s whole body felt like it was on fire from sensation coming just from that point, from Tony’s tongue against Steve’s hard, pebbled tip of a nipple.  Tony sucked, played his tongue against the clamp, rocking it back and forth in a way that made the pain tighten, hot and tight and stinging, and pulled off and blew over the skin again, and it tingled cold and then hot, and Steve breathed out in a helpless noise.  And then Tony did it all over again on the other one, and if anything it was even more intense, as one nipple prickled in the cool air against the wetness covering it and Tony’s warm, soft mouth sucked on the other.  Steve whimpered aloud but didn’t realize he had until he heard his own voice, low and soft and wrecked.
“I bet you have,” Steve said, leaned in to press his lips against Tony’s ear.  “I bet most of your lovers liked it,” he said.  “They just didn’t say it out loud.”  He bit lightly at the lobe of Tony’s ear and reveled in the way Tony gave a little jump and then shuddered all over and pressed forward, down into Steve’s warmth and strength.  “But,” he said.  “You know me.  Captain Cannot Tell A Lie, right?  You’ve said it a million times.”  Tony laughed, ducked his head.  “I’m just too honest to keep my mouth shut,” Steve added, grinning.  “It’s gorgeous, and you should know.”  He squeezed again at the taut, muscular roundness of Tony’s rear end, appreciating the give of just enough flesh under his hands.  “People should tell you every day.  If I could write a word of poetry I’d write odes to it.  You should be sculpted in marble.  Nude.  In the Met.  No, the Louvre.  Hell, both.”
“Now, don’t be like that,” Tony said.  “I like you warm.”  He slid his hands onto Steve’s shoulders, rubbed in slow circles.  “You should see the other guys, right?  How many pieces are they in?”
He knocked on the door, because it was only polite, then let himself in with the key Brock had given him, closing it carefully behind him.  “Brock?” he called out.  “I’m here.”
“Oh, God, Steve, darling,” Tony panted.  “Liking isn’t the word; it’s,” he couldn’t get a breath, “it’s so good; it’s so good, cupcake.”
Tony’s words echoed in his ears, made his cock throb and jerk all over again, made him ache all the way down to his toes.
“Well, thank you, darling,” Tony said, and smiled at him. “I do try my best.  I appreciate the compliment.”
“That’s it,” Tony murmured.  “Good boy.  That’s my good boy.”  Another tug, and Steve gasped out a moan into Tony’s shoulder.  Tony’s other arm came up then, carefully slid up along Steve’s side, where he wasn’t marked up at all, slid up and around over his back, along his spine, to stop just under his shoulder blade, before the prickling ache of the marks he’d left started, and he pulled him in lightly, just enough that the encircling weight of his arm made Steve feel braced, supported, like there was something to put his weight against if he swayed.  It was good to feel steadied, like that.  To feel held, to feel safe.  Like Tony had him, no matter what.  Tony rubbed at his tit, murmured, “My good, good boy,” and Steve was hard pressed not to just melt in his arms entirely.
“Oh,” Tony groaned.  “Steve, tiger, that’s incredible.”  He found himself stroking Steve’s face, along his jaw.  “May I come in your mouth?  I’d love to, fill you up, feel that heat around me as I finish, or on your face, your amazing body—cover that chest with my come, you’d look incredible, a Tom of Finland Jackson Pollock—”
And then Steve was kissing him, and Tony forgot all about everything else except kissing back. When he pulled away, Tony felt dizzy and soft, breathing heavily, and Steve looked almost as dazed, but he still wiped Tony’s makeup off his face, washed it gently with a wash cloth after, rubbed the rouge off Tony’s nipples in a slow, gently massage that left him gasping, then stroked his hands up into Tony’s hair and rubbed, gently.  “You’re a lot more comfortable with this than you were,” he said, smiling, as Tony groaned, let himself lean into Steve’s firm touch.
, all through him, like there wasn’t a single part of the whole universe not infused with pain.  He might have groaned.  He blinked, and the world swam in front of him.  He didn’t remember having closed his eyes, but he must have, because then the sky came back from wherever it had gone.
“Good boy,” he heard himself breathe again.  “Why don’t you put your hand down your pants, darling?  Get your cock out.  I want to see you touch yourself while you’re sucking me.”
And Steve had gone there that night despite himself.  And he’d been going there ever since.  It had been almost two months, and he couldn’t seem to bring himself to—to stop, because every time, Brock would—would take him apart, would twist his arm up behind his back and get him on the floor and fuck him raw, or smack him with a gloved hand until Steve was panting and red-faced, on his knees, or having him suck his cock until he was choking, gagging—he said Steve wasn’t any good at that, but he was getting better, wasn’t he?  He hoped so, but he still gagged every time; he couldn’t seem to help himself—or he’d have Steve just keep his cock in his mouth for hours as he choked on it until he was sore and numb and gagging quietly, with tears of effort in his eyes—tears of effort! From him!—and Steve didn’t know what it was about it, but he felt so much better afterwards, like for a while the gray haze that seemed to cover everything some days had lifted, like he could take in a deep breath, like he could straighten easily and smile at anyone and really mean it.
Steve remembered that Tony hadn’t had a coach with him, so he shouldered his way through the reporters to wait for him by the side of the rink, like Tony had been waiting for him. They’d all skate together, later, of course, but normally Steve would have spent the intervening time fooling around with Bucky and Natasha backstage.  But it didn’t seem fair to leave Tony alone, especially when all the other skaters performing seemed so intent on isolating him.
Tony’s face seemed to shutter strangely, close off, at that, and that hurt, a twinge of pain tight in Steve’s already tight chest.  “Yeah, you’re really loopy,” he muttered under his breath.  But that wasn’t right.  Steve would have wanted to see Tony, regardless.  He always wanted to see Tony, and—and there was something he had to say—
Tony tugged on the weight at his nipple again, and Steve’s whole world turned inside out with sensation again, hot and white and bright, and then Tony started rubbing his finger over the peaked nub of it, and Steve could feel himself panting loud and heavy in his own ears, feel the way he was twisting and shivering, whimpering, under Tony’s arm.  Tony smiled, pressing it in against Steve’s cheek, and then he was doing something—tugging Steve’s leg back up onto the bed, for one.  It made his dick bob in midair, and he groaned at that, too, but then Tony was somehow behind him, tugging Steve into his arms, both hands pulling at the clamps, playing at his tits, and everything went hot and bright again, and Steve felt himself huff out a loud breath, arching forward and up against Tony’s hands, as if he could escape, or earn himself more, or break free somehow.  Tony bit down gently on his ear, and he heard the loud moan he gave, the heaving gasps, even as he fell back down against Tony’s chest and Tony squeezed at his nipples again until he rounded his shoulders with a helpless whimpering noise he felt in his chest, in his throat.  His back, his shoulders, were prickling and sore and raw against Tony’s warmth when he leaned back into him, but it still felt good, somehow, from the discomfort to the steadiness of Tony’s body behind him, the way he felt curled over and around Steve’s torso, his body, warm against Steve’s overworked feverish heat.
Tony wasn’t sure how long it was until Steve stopped, drew back, just that he felt like he was dripping by the time he finally did, and he felt like he had licked up all the come, even down along the frame, and was just holding onto the mirror by then, trying to stay still for Steve.  Steve drew back, blew soft air over his hole, and Tony could hear him wiping his mouth, wetly, before two lube slick fingers slid deep into him again, and he jerked, gave a soft cry at the sudden sensation, the openness and quick easy slide of them, the pressure against his loosening inner walls, panting.  “Oh, yeah,” Steve said, and rocked his fingers gently, curving them, making Tony moan, “that’s it.  I think you’re nice and relaxed now, huh?”  Tony just gasped, blinking, tried to think.  “You feel relaxed?” Steve asked, softly, crooking his fingers, making Tony writhe, push back against them instinctively, seeking that pressure on his prostate again, the way it lit his world up with pleasure. “Shh, I’ve gotcha,” Steve murmured then, and his fingers curled, rubbed against it gently, stroking Tony inside the same way he was stroking him gently along his cock, until Tony was writhing, sweating, losing himself in pleasure for long moments.  “Does that feel good?” Steve murmured.  “There, just—just feel, for me, that’s so beautiful, Tony.”  He leaned forward, pressed kisses over Tony’s sensitive shoulders, along the bite he’d left there earlier, over skin that something felt very sensitized now and tingled at the slightest touch, both underneath the lacy lingerie and along his bare skin, making him shiver and writhe. Tony had no idea how long Steve spent touching him like that, but it felt like a long time.  “How would you feel about having me inside you?” Steve murmured, after a moment, gently letting his hand fall away from Tony’s cock, but not moving his fingers away from Tony’s prostate, still gently stroking, massaging, there, sending low waves of pleasure rolling through Tony’s entire body.
“Well, the feeling is very mutual, hot stuff,” Tony said with the kind of warm, glowing, genuine appreciation that made Steve go hot down to his toes, hands still on Steve’s forearms to steady him, and then got him under the spray.
Tony rolled his eyes at him, but there was a trembling smile on his lips that looked as if it might have been tears in another second on anyone else.  “Yeah, trying not to, babe,” he said.  His hands were on Steve’s face a moment later, straightening his head, and even with everything else, the touch of the firm, hard, callused fingers and strong palms sent a tingling burst of sensation through Steve, made his skin heat. The nickname did, too.  Every time Tony called himself something like that, Steve found his belly knotting up with stupid pleasure, found himself blushing. He knew Tony didn’t mean anything by it, but it still—it made him happy.  That Tony called him silly nicknames, even now.  It let him know that their friendship was doing all right—when they’d been on the outs, every time they’d been on the outs, Tony hadn’t called him anything like that.  Tony checked Steve’s eyes, a gentle thumb against each of his eyelids, then sighed.
, and even as misery curled in Steve’s stomach at the thought, it was making him even harder, and God, what was wrong with him—
Steve swallowed, told himself that it was pointless to ask again, now that Tony was so deep he would agree to practically anything, and that Tony’s earlier consent was enough, he had to trust him, trust his word, and then got the strap up in his hand, took a deep breath.
He couldn’t have said how long that went on for, either, just that eventually he felt Steve running his broad, warm palm, firm with callus, idly, almost curiously, up and down his cock, felt him slide back and off him, and Tony realized his eyes were shut and he was gasping for breath, that he’d melted back into the bed and his legs were spread wide, his chest heaving.  He felt like a liquid, like his bones had melted and his body had forgotten how to be a solid, like Steve had turned him into a quivering pool of runny Jell-O against his own Egyptian cotton sheets.  He pet clumsily at Steve’s hair, dragged in a breath, and said, startled by how deeply his voice rasped in his throat, “Steve, stud, wow, that was, wow, I, that was perfect,
Steve gave him a few more hard swats on each side, just enough to get Tony’s skin warmed up, glowing, painful and probably stinging; he could tell more by Tony’s reactions than anything else.  When it actually started to hurt, the muscles in his arms twisted tight when he gripped at the bed, and the tension would torque all the way down his back.  But when it was just a little sting, his toes would be curling, and he’d rub his knee against the bed, jiggle his rear just a little, almost like he had an itch, and his breathing would be deep and juddery, not shallow and fast like it got when Tony was starting to hurt too much, and it was scaring him a little.  That shallow, fast breathing always meant it was time for Steve to back off, take it slow, slow things down and slip a hand around Tony’s, squeeze his fingers and rub at his palm and the side of his hand with his thumb and kiss his neck, bite at his ear and rub at his back and try to distract him from the slow-down as he asked for his color.  Otherwise, sometimes Tony would feel guilty, blame himself that Steve felt he had had to slow down at all, but if he distracted him, Tony would at least usually be honest.
“You’re so sweet,” Steve said again, so fond and warm, stroked at his hole with two fingers through the lace, making him tingle, suck in his breath, at the warm swipe downwards, then pulled Tony’s panties down around his thighs, reaching forward and gently freeing his cock, holding it in his hand for a moment (God, he felt so big and warm, and Tony squirmed, panting, in his hold), stroking his thumb just under the tip.  “You’re wet already,” Steve said, softly, moving his thumb up over the sensitive head until Tony gasped, gave a desperate wet little noise, bucked his hips helplessly. “Ah, baby, that’s so good, that’s so nice.  Now just let me make you wetter.”
Tony gasped, groaned out as a burst of pleasure shot through him and his body went hot all over, felt himself arching into the wet hot grip of Steve’s mouth.  It took him a moment—his eyes wanted to clench closed—but eventually he managed to force his eyes open again, panting, and looked down at Steve.  His lips were so swollen now, so red and wet, puffy where they pulled taut around Tony’s length, sticky and slick with precome, his face flushed so red, hair tousled wildly.  His flush was still showing on his belly and chest, over his ribs, his belly heaving, rippling with muscle every time he tugged on his cock, which was leaking a steady stream of wet neediness all over his enviable abs, matting down his soft blond curls around his cock, soaking into the coverlet and streaking down his wrist.  His legs were parted, knee raised and hips canted forward to give Tony a good view.  His cockhead looked so huge and flushed and red and wet, the tip red and needy and flushed dark even as Steve played with his foreskin, pushed it up and down over his length.  Tony could have jerked off just looking at him like that—but he didn’t have to, because Steve’s hot, wet mouth was around half his cock, and damn, just thinking about that still had him dizzy.
“You were perfect,” Tony said, eyes worshipful where they were fixed on Steve’s face, as he massaged his jaw gently with the backs of his fingers.  “The best.  You’re welcome, sugar cookie.  Any time.”  And then he smiled and said, “I love you, too.  You know,” and the warmth that broke through Steve was like the sun rising.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve murmured.  That felt really good.  He . . . felt really good.  It was nice to lie here like this, warm like this.  His injuries throbbed dully, but it was a low-grade background sort of pain, easy enough to ignore with all the practice he’d had.  Tony’s hand stroking through his hair seemed much more immediate, much more vivid and important.
“Yeah,” Tony breathed, nodded.  He swallowed, blinked, took a deep breath.  “Yeah, ‘m ready.”  It came out low and husky and thick.
, so gorgeous.  Next time you’re away I’m going to think about this while I bring myself off, I swear.”
Tony smiled at him a little more, and Steve felt his skin heat and redden, knowing that had come out a little clipped and short.  He didn’t mean to be that short with Tony.  There was no call to snap at him just for being concerned.  He took a deep breath, blew it out.
“We worked together,” Steve agreed.  Tony was grinning, looking down the stairs as Steve carried him up, apparently reveling in the novelty.
“For now, maybe,” Tony said, but he lifted his head, looked back at Steve, and he was pink in the face and glazed looking and grinning, the soft bright happy look on his face one that made Steve’s heart squeeze tight and thump in his chest, that he would have given anything to see there on Tony’s face more often.
This one was bunny fur, white and silky soft, and Steve never went that hard with it, partly so as not to damage the tails.  He didn’t like to start hard with Tony at all—if Tony wasn’t good and warmed up, it really hurt for him.  Even if Steve didn’t warm Tony up enough, he’d see Tony wincing with real discomfort (but not saying a word about it, of course), and that wasn’t what he wanted for him, not until he was deep, deep in it, and it was pleasure-pain, not just the kind of pain that sliced through you like ice, made Tony tighten up and his breath come tight and straining in his chest.  Steve never wanted that for him at all, as much as he reveled in drawing the warm, hot, dizzying pleasure-pain and sensation of the other out of him.
Tony grinned.  “You won’t drop me, don’t worry,” he said.  “So?  How about it?  Am I on your naughty list, sugar?”
“You’ve barely started,” Tony mumbled softly, and Steve thought he might have been smiling. “Yeah, ‘m fine.”
Steve gave a little rasp of a laugh and bent his head forward so that his eyes were hidden.  “Yeah,” he said, after a moment.  “Sex.  I meant.  You know.  You’re so good at—putting your mouth on—you always make it so good for a fella.”
“So good,” Steve told him, with a little more emphasis, then caught his breath raggedly, on a little thick drag in of that breath, and then he was fucking him again, back to those little rolling thrusts.  They put pretty much constant pressure on Tony’s prostate, and Tony was just gasping, writhing, whimpering at the impossible fullness, the pleasure that undulated through his body in constant waves, until he realized his cock was hard again, and then Steve had his big hand around it, stroking gently.
“Shhh,” Tony said, hoarse and gentle against his ear, and he was stroking over his tit now, gentle and slow, just as gentle as his voice, despite the way Steve’s nipple was still clamped and the soft, gentle way Tony traced over it made it throb with a dull, aching pain, made him want to squirm, Tony’s fingertips callused and rough and so gentle against the swell of Steve’s pectoral muscle, the rounded curve of it, then down the corded muscles of his side, making him tingle with the gentleness against his sweaty, sensitive skin.  He shifted under Steve, straightened out his legs, pushing Steve’s even further apart, and Steve let him, let his body rock back and breathed out.  Tony was stroking his hip, petting his inner thigh, other hand back to stroking and teasing at Steve’s pecs, tugging one nipple, and Steve shivered, moaned.  “You’re so big,” Tony said, and by the purring pleasure in his voice Steve knew he was talking about his dick, “always blown away by how big you are.  So sweet for me, too.  Aren’t you, stud?”  Steve couldn’t even begin to think enough to answer that question, but he knew Tony didn’t really expect one.  And then Tony’s fingers touched his dick, and he couldn’t think at all, he arched up into it as sensation, pleasure, pain, he didn’t know, washed through him in a wave of bright, hot sensation from his dick.
“What?  Jeez, slugger, that’s taking it to the next level, don’t you think?” Tony said.  “Don’t have to apologize for being out of it.”  He sighed, and Steve thought
“Good,” Steve said, softly. “Good, Tony, that’s good.” He reached up, played lightly with the visible lock, though there were more mechanisms, inside, keeping it carefully secure, impossible to get off without Steve’s key.  “Even locked up, I want you to feel good, mister.  It’s not too tight, or pinching at all?  Your cock is all comfortable locked up like this?”
Steve whimpered, gasped out hard around Tony’s cock, and then he was coming, coming with a stifled, strangled cry that could have been Tony’s name, but could also have been anything really, spattering the bed, his chest and his belly, all the way up to his chin.  He always came a lot, a whole lot, and this time was no exception.  Tony watched with dazed awe and pleasure as Steve kept rubbing himself through it, writhing against the bed as he came and came and came, covering his own hand with it, his strong forearm as the pearly droplets slid down over his hard muscle and clung to the hairs on his arm, slipped down the inner skin to his elbow and pooled there.  Steve’s legs were shaking, those sturdy thighs the size of tree trunks and muscular calves trembling like a badly engineered bridge, and finally they gave out and his knees fell together, to one side, pressing his thighs together as he whimpered around Tony’s cock, still pulling at his own dick as he shivered and drooled wet and messy around Tony and shook through his orgasm, panting.
“Okay?” Tony said.  His fingers were curling around Steve’s, intertwining with them, and he reached up again, stroked his thumb along just under Steve’s chin, along the underside of his jaw.  “You’ll let me get them to put you back under?”
But Tony wasn’t breathing like that now; he was breathing deep and juddery and slow in the way that meant he was deeply turned on, and he was rubbing his knee against the blankets, curling his toes, so Steve just rubbed at his rump a little more, then slid his hand up, caressed the small of his back as he admired the hot rosy shade he’d turned the skin of his rear already, and reached for the first flogger he’d picked out for Tony tonight.
“Tony?” he said, and it came out of his mouth sounding very, very hazy, thick and hitching in his chest.
Tony reached out, picked up his lipstick again, twisted it open, looking up at Steve through his thickly lacquered eyelashes as he did, then applied another thick coat over his already ruby-red lips, purposefully over-applying, then pressed them together the way he’d seen a girlfriend do it a thousand times and closed the lipstick, putting it back on the table on the other side of the mirror.  Steve was watching him, breathless, his mouth hanging open, and Tony could
Steve nodded again, pulled at his cock another time and moaned wetly around Tony’s dick.  His mouth was so wet and hot, and with his hand on his cock it was getting messier, sloppier, smearing all over Tony’s cockhead, all over Steve’s lips and chin.
“Hell, Tony, you know I do,” Steve said, going even redder.  He licked his bottom lip, swallowed hard.  “You’re—you’re a real looker, Stark, and that’s the truth.”
“You going numb?” Tony purred in his ear, and Steve nodded shakily.  Tony kissed softly at his ear then, gave the lobe of it a wet, gentle suck, and slid his fingers up to pinch roughly at the muscle of Steve’s tits on both sides, above the nipples, and the sudden sharp sting had Steve moaning, his head lolling back on Tony’s shoulders as his body jerked in sudden response.  “Good boy,” Tony murmured in his ear, and Steve’s whole body felt warm and lax and liquid with pleasure at the praise; he could feel himself going loose, unwinding.
It didn’t take long at all for Steve to come, and Tony let him ride it out in his mouth, sucking at him and playing at him just perfect with his tongue, until the pleasure built and built, turning soft, then bright and bladed, on the edge of pain, and into hot, throbbing, over-sensitized pain itself, and Steve found himself pushing Tony gently away.
Tony had to smile at the way he had his jaw set like he was going into battle.  He brought the callused tips of his fingers down over Steve’s face, caressing his cheek, his jaw.  “All right, slugger,” he said.  “That’s a deal.  I’ll give you tips, if that’s what you want to do.  But trust me, you did perfectly fine the last time.”
“Good boy,” Tony murmured again, lips against Steve’s tit even as it prickled from the oil.  Hot and wet, Steve felt so hot and wet, all over, from his shut eyelids to the sweat beading on his ankle to the pool of slippery wetness all over his belly and his hot, aching cock, an ache, molten hot from throbbing tip to aching balls.  “Good boy,” Tony repeated, and just the idea of Tony’s pleasure in his responses, that he was good, that he deserved Tony’s praise, made Steve throb anew in all kinds of ways.  Tony’s voice was husky, husky and warm.  “Can you take a few weights, too?  It’ll make them bite in there really nicely, baby—really make you hurt.  Can you do that for me?”
“Course,” Tony said, and shuffled his legs apart just that little bit more.  “Come on in, big boy.”  It came out very breathy, light and soft, but maybe Steve wouldn’t mind that, so much.  It kind of fit character, right?
“You’re going to get me to come, aren’t you?” he murmured.  “You’re gonna get me to come, spurt off right down your throat, give you a real taste.  You want that, Steve?  You want to taste my pleasure, taste my come?”
“Now, shush a moment, sweet thing,” Tony said.  “You did not leave me hanging, all right?  We can take a moment for you to feel good any time we do this, for you to enjoy yourself.  That’s what I want, all right?  Trust me, I was perfectly happy to watch.”  He leaned over, let his fingers trail up along Steve’s sticky, hot, wet cock, watching him as Steve’s eyes widened and a delicious shiver traveled through his entire body at the touch.  He slid his fingers up to the oh-so-sensitive head, rubbed his thumb against the tip, reveling in the wet, smearing slide of it, the way Steve choked on a breath and writhed, arching himself up off the bed even in his sideways position.  He slid his wet thumb down, rubbed at the sensitive spot just under the glans, just above Steve’s foreskin, pushing it down as he did.  “I told you to bring yourself off because I wanted to watch you, and you did,” he purred.  “You did
“So,” Tony said.  “I’m all yours.  Are you going to wake me up for an early morning bit of the old in and out?”
“I know,” Tony said.  “Jarvis outdoes himself every year, somehow, doesn’t he?”  He hefted the large cookie in his hand.  “Mind if I have a bite, too?”
Steve smiled at him.  “Yeah?” he said.  “Well, I hope I can keep that going.”  He slid his big, warm palm down over Tony’s belly, and Tony felt warm all over.  “You say I’m awful responsive,” he said, and then blushed again, licked his bottom lip and ducked his head down, “and I know that’s true.  But hell, Tony, the way you react when I touch you—”
Tony found himself laughing helplessly against Steve’s mouth, shaking with it, as he draped his arms around Steve’s shoulders, tried to hang on.  “Yeah,” he said, “hell, I’d be running to Hank McCoy pretty quick.”
Steve didn’t throw that one as long, worried about overtaxing Tony’s endurance, but he went long enough to see Tony’s skin go deeper red both over his shoulders and back, to hear Tony moaning under it, mouth open and panting, drooling into the pillow, see the way he started arching back into it, rolling his hips as if desperate for more, before he set it aside, ran a gentle hand down over Tony’s rear again, testing, seeing how Tony sucked in his breath and trembled under his touch, how raw his skin felt.
He realized a moment later that Tony’s mouth was moving, but he wasn’t hearing anything at all.  His ears were still ringing.  Tony’s face was tight and he looked upset, mouth twisted even as he bit out words, and Steve had the idea he was probably yelling at him, but he couldn’t hear much at all through the ringing in his ears.
“So let me, Tony,” Steve said, and kissed softly along his shoulder, licking, sucking over his pulse, too lightly to leave a mark, kissed the underside of his jaw.  “You know I like doing it.  Love it.”
Steve was jogging in place, trying to warm up, when the other skater came in on the other side of the warm-up room and set down his bags.  The first thing Steve noticed was the TV camera following him.  The second was that he was alone otherwise—no coaches, no family.  The third was the hush that immediately started to spread over the rest of the skaters warming up.
Tony looked at him, his eyes still unreadable, as he let Steve help him away from the rink. “Don’t you?” he said.  “Haven’t you heard the story?”
Steve moaned again, even deeper, low in his chest, in his throat, vibrating around Tony’s cock, and his eyes fluttered closed, just for a moment, and he sucked harder, messily, on Tony’s tip.  Tony found himself sliding his hand through Steve’s hair, stroking it off his forehead, making a mess of it, and felt Steve shuddering against him.  Steve moaned again, voice breaking huskily, a low scratchy rumble.  It felt so good around his cock.
“I hear you,” Steve said. “I’ve gotcha.”  He reached up, rubbed a hand over Tony’s shoulders. “I’ll give it to you.  At my pace, you hear me?”
Steve hadn’t even realized, not until Tony had said.  He realized then how hot his cock felt, how sore, throbbing and oversensitive.  Oh, God.  It felt so—so big, heavy and swollen and hot and eager, and he moaned, swallowed hard.
It was just … it was embarrassing.  Steve wasn’t much of an artist on the ice; he knew it, everyone knew it.  He maybe had a habit of throwing in quad jumps to cover it up when he blanked on his choreo (at least the jumps he knew he could do), and lord, had Fury read him the riot act for that the last time he did an exhibition.  So he needed to focus.
“I’d finger you a little, but I don’t want this oil getting in there, sweetheart,” Tony said after a moment, “and it’s all over my fingers right now.”
Steve felt himself blush, looked down.  “Tony,” he mumbled.  He knew his ears were red.  He didn’t even know why he was so embarrassed, just that he felt like he was the lucky one, to be with Tony, that Tony was even interested in looking after him like this, in putting him through the floor.  Sometimes he felt selfish to even ask for it.  After all, what did Tony really get out of it?  But Tony said he’d come so hard, so—so that was good.  That was a good thing that Steve had been able to do for him.
Steve looked up at him, blinked slowly, licked at the tip of him again, then pulled off.  Tony whined despite himself, bit down on the web between his fingers and thumb—and then both Steve’s hands were curling around his hips, steadying and warm, his thumbs rubbing in against the crease between Tony’s thighs and hips, and then he was taking a breath, taking Tony into his mouth again, and oh,
He gave Tony’s cock one last soft squeeze, rubbing teasingly at the head where he was most sensitive, and Tony gave a whimpering little soft punched out moan, all breathless and rough, and then tugged his hand away.  He had to adjust himself again, couldn’t resist the temptation to rub at his own cock just a little before he pulled it away.  Tony was just so beautiful in his pleasure, when Steve teased him, worked him up like that, and the best part was that Tony loved it, too, loved when Steve teased him, worked him up, made him want and left him wanting for a while.
Tony opened his mouth, let Steve’s cock slide wetly from between them and flop back to lie wet and making a damp spot against the thigh of his slacks, then laid his head down on Steve’s thigh, gasping.  Steve sighed, leaned back against the headboard, and stroked Tony’s hair with one hand, just enjoying the soft thickness of it, even wet and heavy with sweat as it was.  “That was incredible,” he finally breathed. “You’re so good, Tony.  Such a sweet, perfect mouth.  You’re always so good.”
“I . . .” it felt like a ludicrous question, but then Steve remembered how desperate he’d felt for a touch to his cock, anything at all, for so long in there.  But then Tony had touched him, he’d milked Steve’s last orgasm out of him for what felt like . . . like
“I never imagined anything like this, Tony,” Steve mumbled, after a moment, into Tony’s neck, a hushed, quiet confession as their racing hearts began to even out, slow from their rapid pounding, and the room had grown quiet.  “Never imagined anything like being with you.”
?  How did he pick stuff like that out of Steve’s head, like he could just see inside?  Did he have some tell, some little shudder or flinch he gave that Tony could see, had already categorized with his genius mind, or was Tony just rambling—but either way, the inside of his head was too soft and too giving right now to even worry about that, it slipped away even as pleasure burned all the way through him that Tony thought it was
“Shhh,” he said, rubbing at his hot, sensitive shoulder with one hand, feeling Tony flinch slightly again, then still, relax under the touch.  “I’ve gotcha.”  He reached down with the other hand, slid it up between Tony’s legs, against the blankets, feeling up under his cock, feeling how damp the covers felt beneath it, a wet spot just under the head where Tony had been rubbed.  He curled his palm around the hot shaft—very hot, Tony was maybe a little raw from friction—and rubbed his fingers at the head, stroking Tony back and forth with the rub of his hand up and down in the covers, until Tony was panting, moaning, writhing, rubbing down against him desperately, then gasping, his hips hitching back up, pressing back down.  Steve squeezed lightly at the head of Tony’s cock with his fingers, felt him shudder and heard him give a soft little startled, wet-sounding breath before Steve went back to teasing him more gently. “Feels like you’ve been enjoying this,” he said in a gentle sort of voice, smiling.  “I right about that, Tony?”
.  It always made him dizzy when Steve did that.  Just a little.  Even now, when Steve did it practically every day, all the time.  And then Steve bent down again, and he nuzzled at Tony’s thigh, pressed little kisses along it, and Tony couldn’t help the tight, high-pitched noise that wrung out of him, as Steve’s wet mouth traveled down the sensitive skin of his inner thigh.  “Plus,” Steve said, barely a mumble now.  “I like it.  Like the taste of you.  The feel of you.  Like it when you—when you—fill me up, just like you said.”
“Oh!” Tony whimpered, and bit down on the side of his finger.  “Oh, oh, goodness, darling.”  Steve licked firmly at the underside of his cockhead, and he moaned out what wanted to be another whimper, clenching his teeth so it just came out a long moaning noise.  “That’s so good,” he managed to gasp out.  He could feel his chest heaving.  Steve hummed a little, and it felt like the vibration went straight down to his balls, hooked around something in his stomach, hot and hard, twisted tight and pulled.  He groaned, let his hips roll forward just a little, and Steve just sucked at him harder, pulled him farther into his hot, wet, welcoming mouth.  Tony groaned again, despite himself.  His face felt very hot.  He made himself take a deep breath, slide his hand up along Steve’s shoulder, his neck, his jaw, to push back into his hair, stroking it as Steve sucked at his cock, bobbed his head over it.  “Touch yourself, sweetheart,” he murmured.  “Remember?  I want to see you feeling good.”
He realized as soon as he looked around the living room, though, that Tony wasn’t in his workshop.  Instead, he was curled up on the sofa, head sprawled over the back of it, arms wrapped around one of the decorative throw pillows, fast asleep.  He was the only one in the room.
“Okay,” Steve said. “You still okay with going up to the strap, still?  If you’re not, just let me know.”  He stroked one hand down over the beautiful, luscious curve of Tony’s rump, rubbed gently at the warm skin.  “I’m fine with just taking it slow and soft, if that’s what you want.  I’d like that, too.”  And he would.  He loved slow, soft, gentle impact scenes with Tony, slowly working him up with nothing but pleasure, sensation, pressure, no sting at all, using only their softer floggers so the whole thing was more sensation than anything else, until Tony was a warm, blissed-out puddle the way he only really seemed to get after a long, gentle impact scene, and Steve would just sit there and touch him after, running his hands all over him, luxuriating in the relaxed slump of Tony’s muscles, the glowing warmth of his skin, so sensitized wherever Steve had worked him that Tony shivered and blew out his breath at every touch.
“And it didn’t even come out your nose,” Tony said, on a loopy little giggle he couldn’t seem to help, running his thumb up over Steve’s bottom lip, then his top one, under his nose then up over his cheekbone.
“Yeah,” Steve said, and smiled a little, because Tony knew him so well he could see it on him, just like that.
He just wanted Tony to come, to come inside him . . . to use his body to find his own pleasure, he wanted Tony to come.  Tony pressed his face to his shoulder, and his mouth was wet, his thrusts getting faster and more and more uneven, deep into Steve’s body, sending more and more pleasure fracturing through him every time he slid past Steve’s tender, oversensitive sweet spot and everything shattered into pleasure for him again, pleasure that was quickly gaining a hint of pain.  Tony was panting, and he reached around, his callused hand curling around Steve’s cock, sliding along the messy tip of it, and he tugged at him once, twice, three times, still panting into his back, his mouth wet and hot and soft against Steve’s shoulder blade.
“Shh,” Tony said, and Steve could hear the flustered little chuckle in his voice, felt Tony go warm against him, wondered if he was flushing a little to match it.  He circled his hand over Tony’s belly, rubbing gently. He found himself wondering again when it was Tony had become so shy about receiving affection in return, so clumsy at it.  It was sweet, but he could wish Tony was a little more practiced, could accept things like that a little more easily.  It struck him as a little sad that one of the few things that flustered poised, sophisticated Tony Stark was affection honestly returned when he himself gave out caring and care so freely, even if he didn’t ever make a big show of it.  He kissed the shirt over Tony’s heart again, circling his navel with one finger until Tony was chuckling, shivering under him, then leaned up, ignoring the twinge of his sore ribs, to press a kiss just under Tony’s chin, against his neck above his Adam’s apple, feeling the soft rub of his beard.
“This is gonna be harder,” Steve told him, reached for the strap on the bed.  “It’s gonna hurt a little, okay?”  He stroked down one of Tony’s legs, then the other, rubbing softly with his knuckles over his thighs.
Tony’s smile was turning sheepish, self-aware, almost flustered, and he looked first one way, then the other, then back at Steve, and laughed a little helplessly.  “I’ve never been with anyone who liked my backside as much as you do, sport,” he said, after a moment.
He’d never done that before.  Never gone with a fella, though he’d imagined it plenty of times.  Never gone with a lady, either.  Or with anyone, really.  It had been—well, easier than he’d always pictured.  Sure, he’d gotten nervous on the way over, but he’d decided he’d already committed, had felt himself clench his fists and raise his jaw like he would have on the way to a fight—but then they’d gotten there, back to Brock’s place, and Brock had been—in charge, just like that.  Steve didn’t know any other way to think of it.  He’d shoved his knee in between both of Steve’s, between his thighs, and pushed him back up against the wall of his apartment and bit down on his ear, his scruffy stubble rubbing harshly along Steve’s neck and jaw as he mouthed and bit at the sensitive hinge of it, beneath his ear, and Steve just—he’d just—something in him had gone loose, liquid, melting.  He’d felt his spine go to mush, soft and pliable, his legs go weak.  He felt—so weak, so limpid, transparent, like Brock could see right through him, so helpless, so
Steve gave in, letting his eyes slip half-closed and just enjoyed the way it felt as Tony carefully, oh so carefully, let his fingers, coated in silky lotion, rub in gentle circles over his raw cheek.  Tony’s fingers were warm on his skin, the lotion silky-slick and creamy, and Steve let his breath out at the intimacy of it, felt his cheeks going warm.  Tony just smiled and rubbed soft cream up over his cheekbone.  Steve sighed, closed his eyes, and let Tony tilt his face the other way, rub the cream on there, too.  It felt cool, calming, easing the ache and fire of his raw skin away.
Tony bit the inside of his cheek, Steve could tell.  “I know,” he said, “and you were so good for them, too, sweet stuff, for me,” and at least gave Steve a quick smile before he got back to work.
“You’re going to come for me,” Tony murmured, soft against his back.  Steve could feel the soft scratch of his facial hair against his sweat-damp skin.  That was, it had to be, one of the best feelings in the whole world.  “You’re going to come for me, honey, I know I’m going to get you there, yeah, I know what gets you going, sweetheart, I’m right here—” his hands slid up in a long sweep over Steve’s skin from his hips, up over his side, and then they were pressing into his sensitive tits, squeezing where he already felt bruised, and Steve was crying out, tossing his head back, aching as pleasure spread through his whole body, went straight to his cock, from the bruising pain of it.  And then Tony’s fingers squeezed at his nipples, teased over them, and his fingers found the clamps and did something, quick and nimble, and
“Are you ready for something a little harder?” Steve asked.  “Just for a while.  Not so awful, I promise.”
.  Brock slapped his rear and he clenched down on the cool glass and a little beer slopped out and ran down his thighs, and oh—Steve pressed his eyes against the muscle of his arm and gasped for breath.  He didn’t know if he hated it or if he was turned on, he didn’t know—much of anything at all.
“Oh, thank you, darling,” Tony murmured.  “You don’t have to if you’d rather not.  Don’t feel badly if you don’t want to swallow.”
of air that made him flush, or would have if he wasn’t so gone on—on everything, Tony’s closeness and presence and the pleasure and heat all through his body, his tight, hot, beautifully sore nipples and throbbing pecs, his tender shoulders and sore, welted, raw buttocks, his throbbing dick and the way even the air teasing chill against the wet, exposed tip made him shudder and ache down to his balls, the way his stomach felt twisted up and pulled taut, tight with need, even the smell of Tony’s cologne and his body, sweat and skin mixed with the familiarly beautiful, enticing smell of the expensive cologne Tony wore twining around him.
“It was really good, Steve,” he sighed, finally, relaxing against him.  “Just, just perfect, honey.”
It took a strange, herculean effort to push his eyes open.  Tony’s face was there—wow, was it really him, really Tony? But it looked like him, his beard was neater than ever—the faceplate open, and an entire world of concern there in his eyes.  He had one gauntlet off, because his bare thumb was still resting on Steve’s neck, tucked under the protective band around his neck to rest warm where his pulse beat.  Steve felt like he could feel it in his heart.  “Lookin’ sharp,” he said, or tried to say, because Tony was, he looked
“And God, Tony, your nipples,” Steve murmured, reaching up and touching one gently.  The touch to the sensitive peak made Tony gasp, squirm under him.  Steve rubbed it gently, slowly with his thumb, making pleasure shudder through Tony’s body, and he sighed.  “I couldn’t take my eyes off them,” Steve murmured.
“I thought you wanted more, golden boy,” Rumlow had half growled, half purred, into his mouth.  “Looking at me with those damn bedroom eyes of yours, with those ridiculous eyelashes, like you wanted me to just bend you over the pool table and go to town—” and oh,
Steve’s head really did hurt, but he didn’t want to sleep again just yet.  “I don’t want to sleep,” he said.  He lifted his hand, not quite knowing what he wanted to do with it until Tony had it in his again, squeezing it lightly.
What?  No!  How could Tony think that he’d neglected Steve at all, he was shivering, floating on the pain-pleasure Tony had already given him, how he’d marked his back and his rear until they were glowing with pleasurable sting, worked him inside until his inner walls felt slick and tender and not quite sore and his cock prickled and ached, raw and hot?  He’d
“With gelato,” Tony promised with a confident smile. “Now close your eyes, babe.  I can see you drooping.  I’ll be right back with the nurse and you’ll get some relief, I promise.”
Steve nodded, breathlessly.  His eyes were closed, even as he tilted his head to one side, rubbed his open mouth, his parted lips, all over Tony’s cock, licking softly and gently at Tony’s cockhead in a way that had him shivering.
“Last time I threw in a quad to cover up my, uh, bobbling on the choreo,” Steve admitted, “and everyone seemed to like it, so I thought . . . it might be good to throw one in toward the end again.  Keep things exciting.”
Tony smiled again, reached down and curled his hand around his dick, let himself revel in the pleasure of it, warm hand and friction and just a little burn from the dryness of his palm, arch up into it, letting himself go all wanton heat, all desire, his head dropping back and his eyes going heavy lidded.  He licked his lips and let his voice come out hoarse and scratchy, husking over his words.  “You like that?” he asked.  “Like what you see?”
“Turnabout is fair play,” Tony said, with an unrepentant grin.  He brushed hair back off Steve’s face and kissed his forehead.  “By the way, there’s hot cocoa in the crockpot, and Jarvis made some cookies.  I . . . helped.  Okay, I kept Clint out of the way and kept Carol from stealing the dough and then the cookies themselves but.  I added some icing and some sugar, too.”
“I’m not gonna get scared away from you because your dick went down my throat, Stark,” Steve said gruffly, against Tony’s thigh, the soft crease between it and his wet dick, sticky with saliva and precome, his chin brushing his balls and his breath warm.  “I know what I signed up for.  I
“I know, peaches,” Tony said, voice low and gravelly, and his lips pressed a gentle kiss against the spot behind Steve’s ear.  “I know.  Lie down; I’ll be with you in another second.”
Tony’s eyes sparkled wickedly.  “Cupcake,” he said.  A hand skimmed down Steve’s chest, and he moaned, because it was moving away from his nipple, then flushed even hotter.  His fingers curled through the hair leading down to Steve’s cock, in the damp curls just above it, and he made a strangled noise, jerked up, feeling the need ratchet up in him another level.  “Yellow cake, of course,” Tony said, fondly, scratching gently through those curls.  “Look at these blond curls.”  He tugged lightly, then walked his fingers back up, scraping at Steve’s ribs until he was gasping, curling down over Tony’s hand as the other kept tugging at his nipple, circling the sensitive peak with his thumbnail.  “Obviously with strawberries baked inside, too,” he added, sliding teasing fingers under the heaving curve of Steve’s other pectoral, “you’re so
Steve bent over, started stretching out, reaching for his feet.  That same hush hadn’t dissipated yet, though groups of other skaters had formed, whispering to each other, even those much older and more famous than him or Tony—Stark, he reminded himself.  He didn’t even know him, really.  Stark was visibly isolated, the others giving him a wide berth, but he didn’t seem to notice as he bent down and placed his hands flat on the floor, stretching out.  He looked—good, Steve thought.  Fit, lean and trim.  Even stronger than he’d looked at Nationals and Worlds.  He’d looked a little pale there, a little out of condition, and he’d still wiped the floor with Steve.  Maybe he should be grateful this wasn’t a competition, Steve thought with a bit of a grin to himself.  He wasn’t ready to stand up to that kind of a challenge at the moment.  If Stark was going to keep showing up this season, well, he was going to need to train harder than ever.
He hadn’t moved much, though he had scrunched down under the blanket, his head lolling forward, pressed into the top of the pillow he was holding.  Steve sat down on the couch beside him and blew on his hands, rubbing them together until he was sure they were warmed up, then leaned in, stroked his palm up over Tony’s bicep, up to his shoulder.  He was wearing some kind of soft steel-blue sweater that felt like goose-down under his hand.  “Hey there, Shellhead,” he murmured.  “Want to wake up a little?”
“Yeah,” he finally managed, in a hoarse rasp, himself, urged himself to talk more, the words just spilling out of him, rambling.  “So, so good, baby.  So—so good.  That’s just exactly it.  You’re doing beautifully, trust me.  Can’t believe you’re here, sucking me so perfectly.  Can’t believe this is real—oh!”  Steve had swirled his tongue over that spot under Tony’s cockhead again, sucked at him perfectly, and Tony felt it go through him in a sharp quiver of pleasure.
“Y-yeah,” Tony breathed out, moved immediately to obey, pulling at the soft laces holding his panties together on either side until they pulled free and he could tug off the soft little scrap of silk, revealing the heavy metal cage pulling him down between his legs, his high tight balls with their metal ring encircling them at the base, holding them snug against the cage, too.  He dropped his panties on a nearby sofa cushion, then leaned forward, let his own fingers skim down over the cage, braced one hand on Steve’s shoulder. “How’s it look?”
Eventually Tony pulled away, breathing raggedly and unevenly, and buried his face against Steve’s throat, half in his sweater.  His face felt hot, his lips wet, and he was trembling all over.  Steve rubbed at his hips, pressed a soft kiss into his hair, and held him close, and Tony sighed and relaxed into him, going limp like his strings had been cut.  He curled his arms around Steve’s neck.  “Love you too, apple pie,” he sighed.
“No, I have, honey,” Tony said, his voice that low, husky, teasing tone that always went straight to Steve’s belly and made his cock stiffen.  “We’ve done your back, now it’s time to do your front.”  His hands smoothed down the front of Steve’s shoulders, circled over his pecs in a long, smooth swirl of his firm, hard palms, calluses catching against Steve’s skin, his nipples, and—oh.
“Not like that,” he managed against Tony’s lips, not quite pulling away.  “I love you.  This was perfect.  Thank you.”
“You always make me feel good,” Tony murmured, because it was true, though he knew what Steve meant.  Sometimes what you wanted was to lavish your partner with attention, concentrate on them, their reactions, rather than on yourself, and the satisfaction of pleasing them was more than enough.
“Nah,” Tony said, lazily, stroking at Steve’s neck some more.  “I know how much you hate being injured, hon.  No need to apologize to me.”
