For the next few minutes, Steve almost managed to forget about Titanium Man, teammates who had suddenly become the wrong gender, and Tony's potential mental state entirely.
Hand-to-hand practice with other people -- Sam, Clint, Sharon -- was always either simply practice, and a chance to improve one another's technique, or a competition. It was those things with Tony, too, but somehow it had always felt like a game; he could relax, have fun, even show off a little if he felt like it. It was only recently that he had realized that it had also been a form of flirting.
"All I promised Pepper was that I'd stay home from work today," Tony countered. "Steve's the one who made me promise to stay out of the lab. And that I wouldn't use the Extremis to telecommute."
It wouldn't have been fair, anyway. Not when he'd already been asking so much of Rhodey. He'd thought, once or twice, that it might be a way to repay Rhodey for everything Tony had put him through, but he was trying to be honest with himself these days, and honesty meant admitting that sex with Rhodey would really have been for Tony's own benefit. He'd wanted comfort, affection, affirmation, wanted to lose himself in someone else's body, and it didn't hurt that Rhodey's body was not only solid and hard with cleanly defined muscle, but also faintly reminiscent of Steve's.
No one listened to him.
Vision nodded solemnly, and faded into transparency, floating away through the ceiling. Wanda stared after him, her features set in a blank expression that Jan could tell took effort to maintain. "I'll go unpack," she said, and walked off in the direction of the back staircase, shoulders stiff.
Carol's voice rose half an octave. "That's great. What happens if she gets angry and decides to say 'no more people?' She's too powerful to leave out there now that she's a crazy sociopath."
He made it to the restaurant with two minutes to spare, mostly by doing things to his Aston Martin that Happy wasn't going to be pleased with - such as leaving it parked on the street. It wasn't as if anyone could successfully steal it, not with the number of tracking chips planted it in, or the electrified door locks that would shock anyone who tried to force them.
"What exactly did Loki have to do with it, then?" he asked.
"I... haven't mentioned it to him," she admitted. Strange had only reluctantly agreed to take her on as a student, and his own powers were so perfectly controlled. Clea's, too - the other woman had been using magic her entire life, much as Wanda had, but Clea was centuries older than she was, with far more experience.
What kind of friend was she, to take advantage of Clint's grief in order to seduce him, and hear about Steve's death and feel nothing? What had the thing that had taken her over turned her into?
The Falcon shook his head slightly. "Of course you can't."
"That would explain why his name's red-flagged in our medical database as a known superhuman," she said, half to herself. "At least he has bones. The last superhuman we had in here had an exoskeleton."
The gleaming metal workbenches looked sterile and empty without an ant colony's terrarium set up on one of them. He hadn't taken them with him when he left - no, when he'd been thrown out. He wondered, not for the first time, what had happened to them.
Okay, so perhaps Tony had a point, but... "You're a lot smaller than you used to be."
The body rotated, slowly, hair trailing through the puddle of blood on the floor, and Bucky's face stared at him with milky, dead eyes.  His arms had been tied behind his back, before, but now they dangled limply, metal fingers brushing the floor, and that wasn't right, he'd still been a kid when he died.  He hadn't had the arm until later.
"N-no," Hank agreed, staring at her as if she were something miraculous. It would have been more troubling if she hadn't known that he looked at social insects and laboratory test results in the same way. "All kinds of things happen in labs."
Tony drew in a deep breath, and when he spoke, it was in the same cool, distant tone Steve had heard him use on television after the Helicarrier had exploded. "The Mandarin's rings introduced a bug into the Extremis, corrupted part of the code. The healing factor isn't working properly, which is why the headaches are back. Until the coding is repaired, using it causes damage, so I'm going to be less useful in the field for a little while."
She made an attempt at a smile, her lips curving upward slightly, but Clint could see the strain in it. "You did help me. Before you showed up, I was like a zombie – I didn't remember anything, not even who I was. You woke me up. It took me a long time to escape from Chthon's control, but without you, I would probably still be locked up in that house on Mount Wundagore. Or, worse, Chthon would already be free." She looked down at her hands again, tracing the line of Strange's tattoo with one finger. "I know I ought to be more upset that it happened," she said quietly, "that Chthon used you that way, but I can't be. I can't be sorry that I escaped from there. But I am sorry you were dragged into it."
"You're marrying Sin?" she blurted out.
Carol was silent for a long moment. Maybe she had said too much, made it too much about herself. She didn't talk about her marriage — former marriage — to her teammates very often for a reason. It made things awkward, even with people who didn't know why it had ended.
Steve's eyebrows arched. "You're going to voluntarily consume food before nine a.m.?"
Sam moved in just as the metal caught the Doombot between the shoulder blades, and hooked its feet out from under it with a kick as it started to turn toward her, off balance.  It went reeling back directly into Wong and his dagger, as smoothly as if the three of them had planned it.
“They’re fine.”  It was only a slight lie – Clint, Wanda, and Hank might not be exactly fine at the moment, but they would all recover.
"She-Hulk and I will take you shopping tomorrow," Jan promised. "As soon as Strange is done fixing Tony."
He had an ivory-topped cane in one hand. An affectation, or had someone worked him over for money owed them again?
"If we're getting married, I want to do it right," Steve told him. "And anyway, Jan would kill us.
Wanda had had her powers for her entire life; they were a part of her, not some new, technologically implanted addition. And Hank's size changing, while not an inherent ability, had been a part of him for as long as the armor had been a part of Tony. It hadn't always worked properly, just like Tony and old Shellhead hadn't always gotten along smoothly, but it was his.
"That's the last thing I expected to hear from you," Carol told her. "If Strange is right, I'd think you would have had enough of evil chaos deities."
"Cap asked you for advice and you quoted
He could hear the smirk in Steve's voice without needing to open his eyes. He did anyway, and found himself staring up into Steve's flushed, grinning face.
Vision, Scott, and Clint hadn't chosen to die, either, and Clint hadn't chosen to have sex with Wanda. Jessica, of all people, should have understood that. She knew what mind-control was like, what it was like to have your choices taken away from you.
"Thank  you," Tony said, and Steve could feel him relax slightly.  He'd never  understood Tony's apparently need to continually test himself, either  around alcohol, or by continually pushing himself past his limits.
One of the great benefits of being back on the East Coast was that the kitchen was Jarvis's domain here, rather than a semi-abandoned No Man's Land mostly used for eating the take-out Clint and Bobbi ordered.
Tony raised his hands and let his repulsors charge, preparing to incinerate the book in Doom's hands if he didn't comply.  He would find some way to appease the museum later, if he had to.
"Who gets to bring her in here to hear the verdict?" Hank asked.
Clint dropped his eyes back to his hands; Wanda obviously wasn't comfortable with the tattoos, or she wouldn't keep wearing gloves over them. Staring at them felt... invasive.
"There's no medical reason why Stephen shouldn't wake up soon." The Night Nurse touched Strange's bandaged left hand gently, much the way Wong had earlier – but coming from a supposedly clinical and detached medical professional, the gesture looked entirely different than it had coming from a close friend. And she had called him "Stephen."
If the baby were actually going to be born, would it have been a boy or a girl? Would it have inherited the supersoldier serum? Tony's fiercely determined intelligence?
, too immense and wild for control. He flung it at Chthon blindly, an exercise of magical brute force, but even as the chaos entity was expelled from his mind, the spear's power was burning through him from the inside out. "Hoary fucking hosts," he gasped. "I call—upon—"
"Over three years, actually, though the project was put on hold for nearly a year while I was..." Tony hesitated, but there was really no way to get around the subject without making himself look bad, "away. We've stepped up the amount of resources we have invested in it considerably over the past two months, though."
Steve's other hand was on his hip now, thumb tucked inside the waistband of his jeans. "We should move this somewhere else," Steve breathed, lips still inches away from Tony's.
“You need to get your head together. Got it. I kind of did the same thing for a while.” Clint could relate to that. He still had only hazy memories of those first few weeks after coming back. "That hat's too big for you," he added.
Tony lowered his head into his hands again, digging his fingers into his hair. "I bet the board's going to be surprised, though. Half of them have been looking for an excuse to get rid of me again, not that I blame them."
He had considered Tony Stark a brother, one nearly as close to him as Baldur, or Volstagg, or Beta Ray Bill. Or Captain America, whom Thor had searched for amongst the valorous dead and, when he had failed to find him, mourned for. His father's handmaidens had been the choosers of the slain, and a fallen warrior who had believed in him — and friendship could be accounted belief, if one was creative — always had a place in Valhalla.
Scott's little girl would be what, now? Fourteen? Wanda could remember when Cassie had been seven, a tiny blonde girl in an over-sized Avengers t-shirt who had thought having a superhero for a father was the coolest thing in the world. She had collected insects in jars and kept them by her bed.
Nurse McCall ignored him, ducking around the exam curtain and calling out, "Don? Kel's busy. If you were serious about wanting to help out, you can come take care of this guy for me. He needs wound irrigation and stitches."
Only Thor, Jan thought, could utter a sentence like that without either blushing or displaying any other visible sign of embarrassment or amusement.
"You searched the rest of the room, too, right?" Steve asked, the thought of Bucky overhearing some of the things he'd spent the past few weeks doing with Tony throwing him off just enough that one of Tony's blows slipped past his guard, catching him on the shoulder.
Steve lowered both of them on to the edge of the bed, and took a deep breath, trying to nerve himself up. He had never made the first move before -- the only other time he'd done something like this, Jack had been the one to start things.
The coils of magical energy were heavy, slick, and almost impossible to shift, slipping out of his grasp whenever he attempted to take hold of them. Strange shaped his fingers into a sequence of complex magical seals, envisioning the currents of power moving with his gestures like a puppet on strings. "Begone!" He forced the word out through the strain and effort, trying to imbue it with all the power and authority of the Sorcerer Supreme, of all the masters and adepts who had held the title before him. The Eye burned against his chest, its heat palpable even through his tunic.
Jagged shards of glass still lined the windowsill of the window the woman had jumped from. Beyond it was chaos, people running, crying, hitting each other, throwing things. He couldn't see Jan, but War Machine and Iron Man both stood out clearly, each surrounded by people who were either attacking them or clinging to them.
"You have no right to keep the spear from me!" Loki's snarling face appeared in the mirror over the fireplace mantle, mere inches from his shoulder.
A blond man in an expensive business suit was brandishing a steak knife at another, equally expensively-attired, man. "Stay back!" he shouted. "No. Stop it! I said stay back!" and then he was lunging at the other man, knife extended in front of him.
Tony turned to Wanda. "Put your arms around my neck," he instructed. "And hold on."
"That's interesting." The words made him look up, and he discovered that Hank was now standing just a few feet away from him, staring intently at his exposed chest. "You can see that the scars and the breasts didn't originally belong together. If you'd had them when you were injured, this scar," his reached out and lightly tapped the long scar on Tony's right breast, "wouldn't be at the same angle. It would have cut into the side of your breast this way-" He traced his finger sideways, the touch feather-light, and Tony's skin tingled in a way that was both unfamiliar and strangely pleasant. His nipples tightened up in a way that he'd seen on any of a dozen former dates, the skin there suddenly oversensitive, like he had gained extra nerve endings.
It wasn't Jan.
Steve, he was pretty sure, wasn't.
"As long as it takes." Strange frowned. "The spell's coils are actually visible around you, to the right eyes. I don't think you realize how intricate and extensive they are. Though," his frown deepened, "they've altered since the last time I examined them."
Something slammed against the side of his head — a rifle stock, or the hilt of a dagger — and then he was on his knees, with someone's hand in his hair and the edge of a knife against his throat.
Loki smirked at him. Her skin was pale in the bright sunlight, and at one temple, Don could see the edge of a blue tattoo – the tribal markings of a frost giant, not entirely hidden by her hair. She had every reason to hate Thor, and no reason to help him. "You sound most certain, brother. Certain enough to risk thy paramour's life? Ah well," she gave an elaborate shrug, "mayhap Baldur or Heimdall will be more accommodating."
He had been prepared for this once. He'd let himself take his relationship with Steve for granted once he'd given up hope of being changed back.
"Really? You got over something?" She sounded bitchy, she knew, not at all the way the co-leader of the Avengers should sound when talking to a teammate about her inability to get along with another teammate. Carol and Wanda had been friends, once, but now Carol seemed just as resentful of Wanda as Spider-Woman had been toward Carol after she had sided with Tony and joined the pro-Registration heroes. Except this one probably wasn't going to be resolved by a threesome with Simon.
"You will address me as Doom," he said, not acknowledging her reference to the Red Skull. "Synthia." If he humored her delusions about hearing her deceased father's voice in her head, they would be here all morning. While it was just possible that the cosmic cube could have allowed the Red Skull to enter her body after the death of Aleksander Lukin, the man who had served as his previous host, such a possession would have left some form of magical residue. Lukin's possession had been nearly impossible to detect if one had not been looking for it, for Doom
"Smart man," Pepper commented dryly.
been watching them this evening, they would probably think he and Steve had turned them back on in order to clean up after dinner.
"Good job," Hank said, stepping forward. "I saw you on CNN."
“Medics over here!”
"We need something to bandage this with.  Can you-"
Steve had him on his feet and bent over the sink with commendable speed, supporting his weight while Sharon held his ridiculously floppy hair out of his face.
"I hope that wasn't important," Clint muttered, grabbing the cat around the middle and draping him over his shoulder. "Come on before you break something expensive."
His smile made Tony's skin crawl; he'd seen it before, he realized. If this man laughed, he knew, he'd be able to recognize the sound. "Go be friendly somewhere else," he snapped, glancing around automatically for his briefcase before remembering uneasily that he didn't have it with him. He jerked away from Rhodey's hand and started to walk, away from the stranger and the dance floor.
As the image on the scanner's screen began to coalesce out of the static, it belatedly to Hank that Tony might not want to see it. He tilted the screen just enough that it would be indecipherable from Tony's position, and examined the results.
him – and Strange knew, with an instant's cold clarity, that if his shields failed, if he did not succeed in driving the chaos entity back, out of his mind, then Chthon would possess him utterly, make of him a puppet the way he had the Scarlet Witch.
better," Steve told her, as he started the long walk up and down the floor-to-ceiling bookshelves, waiting for something to catch his eye.
"Pym's got a cure!" Rhodey came skidding around the doorframe and burst into the room, nearly yelling with enthusiasm and obvious relief. Tony flinched at the noise, and Cap turned to glare viciously at Rhodey.
Don's eyebrows drew together, and for a moment, the stern look in his pale blue eyes was reminiscent of Thor at his most stiff and honorable. "People's medical information is personal, Clint. Go ask Tony if you're so desperate to know."
Tony blinked, his mouth twitching into a half smile for a moment. "Huh. That's the first thing I thought of, too."
"Ah, don't mention that to Steve, either."
You can't be!" Steve shook his head, almost wanting to laugh at the sheer absurdity of the idea. Tony wasn't really a woman. And they had used protection every time, after those first two times, and... "What do you mean, pregnant?"
"So," Carol said. "Who hasn't wanted to do that occasionally? I threw him through the wing of an airliner once."
Where was Jen when you needed her? Or Henry and Simon — another pair of flyers would have been useful about twenty minutes ago. Even if one of them was a bland superhero wannabee who'd gotten his powers as part of a publicity stunt.
Tony recoiled, throwing himself backwards out of the bed so that he was standing several feet away, leaving Steve crouched in a tangle of sheets, one hand still outstretched. "You're bleeding," Tony whispered.
Tony  was a reassuringly solid and healthy presence at his side, and for a  few moments, Steve was able to forget that just a week ago, in the  Savage Land, he had watched Tony burn his armor to slag because he  couldn't wear it anymore and hadn't wanted to leave it behind.  That was  when Steve had really begun to believe that Tony was dying.  It had  come much closer than Steve liked, but everything was fine now.  Better  than fine.
Steve couldn't bring himself to leave, though. He couldn't stop staring at Tony, at his flat, masculine chest, his broad shoulders, the line of hair that started beneath his belly button, just visible over the waistband of his trouser - Don had made him take his shirt off, so that he could listen to his heartbeat without fabric getting in the way. It had been so long since he'd seen Tony in his original body. He had forgotten things.
Carol had torn off a Doombot's arm and thrown it at second, knocking it off its feet.  She  launched herself across the hallway at the downed robot, and laid into it with her bare hands, her fists leaving deep dents in its metal armor.
A sharp twitch ran through the muscles of Tony's shoulders. "I'm fine," he said, voice flat. "I'll be out in a minute. Did you bring the clothes?"
Steve let go of his tie, embarrassed at being caught yanking at it like a kid who'd been forced into his Sunday best, only to realize that Jan hadn't been speaking to him.
Tony didn't say anything. He just kept staring at Steve -- not blankly, not like someone who wasn't really there, but with an odd expression somewhere between sorrow and horror.
He started to run for the elevator, ignoring the way his knee twinged at each step and praying that it wouldn't pick now to suddenly go out from under him. Damn Odin's sense of humor, anyway.
"My father was conquering the world before you were even born, you jumped up piece of trash," Sin spat. "You need me more than I need you. Don't forget that." She turned on her heel and stalked out of the room, boots loud against the warehouse's stone floor.
part of Steve he thought looked good in tight leather. His smirk faded a bit then, and he added, voice still light, "Hank thinks this is a bad idea and we're going to jinx our relationship and doom ourselves forever."
Steve leaned down and curved one hand around the side of Tony's face, using his thumb to brush away the soot. Tony's eyes fluttered to half-mast, and he leaned into Steve's hand for a moment before Steve let go and drew his hand away.
Steve frowned. "I wouldn't describe that version of your Wasp costume as 'half-naked.'" He felt a rush of quiet gratitude over the fact that they weren't talking about him, his costumes, or his past sexual conquests anymore.
Sam raised his eyebrows. "I wondered why you were still wearing your costume. Having trouble getting it off?"
There was a sudden flash of pain in her arm as the woman rounded on her and sank the salad fork she was still clutching into her forearm. Then she was free, and running for the window again, shattering the already cracked glass with one shoulder and falling through it.
Steve's jaw tightened. "You always think you can handle things. Some things, some people, are too dangerous to control."
He wasn't even looking at Wanda, as if the mere sight of her was painful. Maybe it was, after what had happened between them on Mount Wundagore.
The cat was distinctly ungrateful for Clint's efforts to protect him; the second his paws hit the hallway floor he was gone.
There had been a standard-sized crossbow, too, at one point, which Clint had waved around like a toy and drawn by hand. Being slow to adjust to Pym particles had probably been less of a factor in Clint's blithe dismissal of superpowers than the fact that being Goliath didn't involve playing with projectile weapons.
And now he had an entire box of tools to pick up.
Tony shook his head. "Inside. I don't need to give those people on the internet who are convinced that Iron Man is my secret kept woman any more ammunition."
Odin’s old solution, the chains and snakes and venom, involved a degree of calculated cruelty that Thor would never be comfortable with.  And considering that his other half had thought literally sewing Loki’s mouth closed was a funny joke, that said something.
Tony's eyebrows drew together, his smirk gone now. "You're going easy on me, aren't you?"
"I'm fine." Tony's voice was sharp. "I can do my job, Steve. I don't need you second-guessing me."
Clint shrugged one shoulder, his eyes on the table top. "I don't know. I- Can I abstain?"
.  The light flared brighter, blindingly white.
Tony cocked his head to one side slightly, as if considering that. "Are there dead bodies all over the floor?"
“You catch more flies with honey.”  Tony eyed the trustee consideringly.  “Maybe I should go apologize in person.”
Wanda glanced down at her broomstick skirt and brown leather boots and wondered if she ought to have come in costume. Would Strange think she looked unprofessional?
Carol had started spending a lot of time in New York, then. She and Jessica argued more without Simon and his dislike of emotional conflict there to smooth things over, and make-up sex might be deeply satisfying, but it only went so far toward patching things up again after they'd both said things they regretted.
can work with her — Thor can suck it up and talk to his stepbrother. And the rest of us, too."
Wearing the armor, running SI, designing things - he could still do all of those. He hadn't lost anything important, and he'd gained more than he had ever hoped for a few months ago, when the most he'd dared hope for was that Steve
Steve opened his eyes and pulled back a little.
"I'm just going to-" Clint started, then stopped awkwardly and muttered, "Yeah, I'm leaving." The sound of the elevator door sliding shut behind him was loud against the faint background hum of equipment.
"What happened?"
Steve shrugged, favoring his sore shoulder. "Just a few bruises. It should be fine in a couple of days." Had Tony actually sent Sam to check up on him?
The nearest monitor screen showed Clint rolling his eyes in high-definition close-up. "Forget the tests. Cap's not down here right now to kick your ass, so Jan and I are going to have to do it. She can run a basic level training simulation just as well as you can."
Steve blinked, turning to look over his shoulder at Tony; Tony would fall over where he stood before he'd admit that other people's suggestions that he might need sleep had any merit, so he wasn't talking about Steve's not-so-subtle suggestion that it was time they went to bed. Which only left the conversation that they had had right after he had woken up in the hospital.
"You're the last person I expected to be this pleased to have her back on the team," she said, the words coming out a little more sarcastically than she had intended. "After what she did to you..." Explicitly mentioning the mind-controlled sex Clint had been subjected to in Transia was not something she was willing to do in a place this public, but he would know what she meant. There were certain things that didn't need to be named — things terrible enough or significant enough that afterwards, 'what he did to you,' or 'what happened in Transia' could only have one possible meaning. "I would have expected Thor to greet Tony with open arms first."
They wouldn't be able to trust her, anymore. She wouldn't be able to trust herself.
"We would have needed to redesign the airframe to handle the increased stress, and we didn't have the money back then because I was still trying to get SI back up off the ground," Tony said quietly. "Also, don't talk about me like I'm not here."
Steve shook his head. "It didn't seem like a sacrifice at the time. I fought alongside people who were willing to give their lives for a country that didn't even treat them as full citizens; compared to that, I felt like I had it easy. I wish now, though, that I'd spoken up, come out sooner. I never tried very hard to hide it, I never lied about myself, but... people see me as a role model, as something to look up to, because of what the costume I wear represents. And I don't know if they're always right to do that, but I think it makes visibility important." Tony could hear the sincerity in his voice. Steve never gave himself to things half-heartedly; when he believed in something, he was ready to sacrifice and fight for it. He'd lay money that Steve felt guilty about not being openly out, that he believed it was his responsibility to be an example to others, some kind of duty that he'd been shirking. "I never had any role models who were gay or bisexual growing up," Steve went on. "There were men who everyone knew were fairies or queer or a variety of other lovely words the Bugle's editors are not going to let you print, but people didn't talk about it."
Tony was trying hard to pretend that everything was normal, that he was fine. Steve would have been more likely to believe the act if Tony had looked him in the eye even once since stepping off the quinjet, or even said hello.
"Positive," Tony forced out, through gritted teeth. He hated having studio make-up artists poking at his face and messing with his hair every time he had to appear on television for something, and the past twenty minutes had been almost as bad.
"Yes, but they hadn't invented ecstasy and black lights then."
"You should be aiding me, brother," Loki spat, snatching her cloak free.  "Or do you wish to see what should belong to Asgard in the hands of Chthon?"
The man crumpled to the floor, his green windbreaker rustling against the stone.
"Dogs chase things, not cats." Tony shrugged one shoulder, and added, voice rueful, "This can't have been much of a vacation for you. Sorry."
"Black lights?"  Steve asked.
The moment he, Cap, and the Falcon walked through the emergency room doors, everyone in the waiting room turned to stare at them. Well, everyone except for the teenager throwing up into a basin. Clint limped onward, doing his best to ignore the stares; they weren't staring at him because they all knew he'd been humiliatingly stabbed by one of his own arrows. It just felt like they were. They were probably staring at Cap, who had always attracted attention wherever he went, and tended to do so even more these days.
Steve caught himself before he finished the thought, reminding himself that they had every right to publish photos taken at public events, just as Floyd had every right to print things that were technically true even if he didn't like them.
One woman broke into a near-run, grabbing a teenage boy's wrist and forcibly pulling him along behind her. "Mom," he whined, "it's Captain America and the Falcon! I want to see them kick ass!"
Tony pushed past Steve into the kitchen and dropped heavily into the chair Steve had been sitting in, resting his elbows on the table and burying his face in his hands. "So I did kill him, in a way," he said softly, the words muffled by his fingers. "I was just so angry, and so scared. I knew what would happen if I didn't fix things. And it would all have been my fault, and I wouldn't have been able to live with it." He shook his head back and forth minutely, digging his fingers into his hair. "I swear it made sense then. I was trying to keep anyone from getting hurt. Even when I was attacking people, all I wanted was to-"
, who was always confident and in control. He'd been confident and in control two days after coming back from the dead. In his shoes, Peter would have still been freaking out and checking every hour to make sure he wasn't growing extra arms, which was what
"When are we meeting with Strange?" Wanda asked. She hadn't so much as glanced at Vision yet. Jan knew how she felt; she wished she could make herself not look at Hank, but she couldn't seem to pull her eyes away.
Tony shook his head, holding his gauntleted hands up, palms out, but Steve didn't want to hear whatever excuse he was about to make. Not right now.
Wanda raised an eyebrow at him.  "You'd prefer it if he wanted to kidnap you, too?"
. Thor had been particularly disgusted when he had gotten to that point and discovered that Aslan was Jesus and not Odin.
Steve stared down at years' worth of his own work, spread across the bed, and wasn't sure how to feel.
His briefcase and armor were back in Steve's room, where he'd left them last night. As he turned to go fetch them, Steve right on his heels, he saw Hank still standing by the stairs, indecision obvious in every line of his body.
Don didn't actually smile, but from the way his eyes crinkled at the corners, that was only because he was trying hard not to. "Ask Tony," he repeated.
Morgan stared at him blankly. "What? No, I'm quite sure I'd remember meeting
Tony had boxed all of this up and hidden it away, like something shameful. Or something precious; Steve himself wouldn't have bothered keeping those stupid scrap paper doodles at all, much less reverently packaged them away between layers of tissue paper.
Sharon nodded.  "For all we know, they're in New Jersey by now, but we can start there."
"I don't-" Tony started. Then he sneezed, his hair falling back into his face again. He glared at Steve crossly from underneath the wet hair now sticking to his face, and muttered, "Fine. I'll go take a shower. Do you have any dry clothes I can borrow?"
"Well, we know she probably won't destroy the world with it," Tony pointed out, his voice sharper than he'd meant it to be.
"You have concealed things from my shieldbrother as well." Thor released his hand and stepped back, folding his arms across his chest. "You are gravely ill."
"It's a moot point anyway, because I'm not going as a woman. The media would eat me alive."
'No more mutants,' taken literally, could have completely halted evolution, going by what Sam remembered from high school biology. Or erased most of the human population from existence — just about everybody had some kind of mutation, from blue eyes, to sickle cell disease, to cats with six toes.
Don shrugged uncomfortably, reaching up to adjust his hat, which didn't fit. "I'd appreciate it if you kept this quiet. There are still things I need to take care of, and I need some time."
Tony kissed back enthusiastically, one hand coming up to tangle in Steve's hair.
Tony set his coffee mug down next to his empty plate and smirked at Steve. "And yet, remarkably, not one I've ever needed. This is Manhattan. I can get any kind of food under the sun just by picking up a phone."
For all his bluster, Madigan went relatively quietly once the police arrived. He might be M.O.D.O.K.'s son, but he hadn't inherited his father's flair for up-close-and-personal mayhem. Madigan preferred to do his killing at a distance, preferably with high-tech explosives.
Wong offered her an equally awkward smile, protesting that she didn't have to leave, which was nice of him considering that she'd landed on his and Strange's doorstep virtually out of nowhere, with a literal demon on her heels.
"That's the one part of this that isn't going to suck. He doesn't like these things any more than I do, so after he gets done laughing until he cries at the sight of me in this thing," Tony waved a hand at the little black dress, "I'll at least have someone to talk to. Plus, he won't let me go near the open bar this thing's sure to have." Which was more of a relief than Tony wanted to admit - he hadn't been looking forward to tonight even before Loki's spell.
"You like  jazz," Steve pointed out.  He'd kind of been looking forward to this, to  the chance to go out somewhere with Tony, now that they were officially  together.
Tony sighed. "Fine. If it will make you feel better."
"You're lucky I like listening to you talk," he said. "I wonder how long you can keep it up."
He ought to be; they had been lucky today, despite Tony's slip-up. No one had been seriously hurt, not even the people affected by the toxin. A.I.M., unfortunately, had used a timed smoke bomb to release the formula into the air, so they'd been denied the dubious pleasure of helping the police arrest Headcase twice in one month, but compared to A.I.M.'s last poison gas attack, this one had been easy. Should have been easy, if he hadn't been so tired, hadn't let himself get distracted.
"You make it look easy," Hank said. Then he flushed. "Sorry. I know it's over between us, I do. I just... you're the most beautiful woman I've ever known, and I can't not notice it."
her father's voice reminded her.
"James?" Sharon asked. She had one hand on the back of his neck, the kind of touch that spoke of intimacyx.
It was a sharp command, distinctly unlike Jan's usual method of giving orders.  She was usually the team's diplomat.
Carol ripped an energy gun free from one of the 'dead' Doombots' hands and held it out to Clint.  "This will be more effective against them anyway."
He considered her for a moment, taking in the green gown, the larger than life stature, and the great, curving pair of golden horns that topped her headdress. Her face was unfamiliar, but...
"Right. That." Cap frowned. "What's this about Rhodey hitting Tony?"
Yes, he was, and he even felt guilty about it, if only slightly, but, "I had to get out. I had to." It was more than the opportunity to be an Avenger again, more than a second, well, fourth, shot at things with Jan. "It was only a matter of time before Gyrich and Dr. Blitzschlag would have had me cloning a superhero army for them, and I really don't want to become the government's better-looking answer to Armin Zola." Blitzschlag had made Hank's skin crawl, with his wild-eyed glee over the prospect of working with the man who'd created Ultron and cloned (so horribly unsuccessfully) a god. He'd been disturbingly comfortable with the idea of using people as government science experiments, and Hank strongly suspected that he was a former Nazi.
"Trust me; we're all glad you're back. Steve spent the entire time stomping around and pretending he wasn't sulking."
Tony was already asleep, but Steve thought he saw him smile a little.
Almost as satisfying as killing every SHIELD agent she could find would be.
Stark Industries' green energy research was now going to be carried out in partnership with the Department of Energy, with half the project's funding being provided by the American taxpayer. The government officials he'd been meeting with had been men he'd never seen before - not surprising, since for the first time, he hadn't been dealing with the DoD - and so they had been able to get directly to the business of the meeting, without having to spend a good fifteen minutes on the ever-popular topic of "oh my God, you really have been turned into a woman!" first. One of the Department of Energy scientists, whom Tony suspected hadn't been exposed to any media other than technical journals in years, had even called him "Ms. Stark."
"I didn't want the doctors coming in yet," Tony said, not quite defensively. When he'd first woken up, and stretched out a tentative hand to touch Steve's hair to determine whether he was real, he'd sensed the signals from the monitors and reached out with the Extremis to block them, half-afraid that people were spying on him. He hadn't really registered that they were hospital equipment until Steve had woken up and proven himself very real indeed, and Tony had belatedly noticed the IV in his arm.
was a slow poison on top of everything else. Steve took a final step, closing the gap between them, and laid one hand on the cool metal of Tony's arm. "You need to let the paramedics treat you."
Then again, he was female now. Maybe that changed things. He might not feel the need to hide that he was attracted to men anymore, now that he was in a body that made that socially acceptable.
Something was glowing up ahead, an eerie green that didn't look or feel like Chthon's power, yet still felt like chaos.
"Damn." Rhodey shook his head. "I'm sorry I laughed, okay?"
Cap was sitting by the side of the bed, in one of those uncomfortable hospital chairs, shoulders slumped, and Clint knew right away that things had to be bad, because he didn't even look up when Clint came in.
"You would sell out this entire dimension to Chthon simply to get petty revenge on me for sending you to prison?" he demanded, the disgust in his voice obvious.
He'd been so absorbed in gene sequencing and neurochemistry data and toxin analysis that it had taken barely any persuasion to get him to promise not to discuss the X-gene theory with anyone other than his fellow Avengers and Beast.
"I think," Steve said, "that we should talk to one of the curators."
"It's from Steve. How unprofessional could it be?" Especially compared to some of the messages previous dates had occasionally left for him. While anything could sound suggestive if read in the right voice, Pepper had developed a finely honed skill for making the most lurid and salacious of messages sound utterly devoid of interest or appeal, generally by reading them in a tone of extreme boredom. Tony had asked her, once, how she did it with a straight face, and she had smiled and said, dryly, "Constant practice."
Wanda's lips tightened, and she looks away, rubbing at the back of one hand. "I didn't think of that. I'm the one who brought him here."
"Well..." he hesitated for dramatic emphasis. "SI's not going to go bankrupt in the next year," he finished, unable to suppress a smile.
If they were lucky, it would stay snow, and not turn into sleet and ice.  And since the chaos Chthon and the spear had been generating was gone, they might actually get lucky.
If this was Vision's preferred reading material, then it was no wonder he distrusted his own and other people's emotions. They needed to find him something where the characters didn't all have ulterior motives.
She-Hulk took a step forward, placing herself between Wanda and the pointedly-not-looking-at-Wanda form of Vision. "Speaking of which, Tony, I think we're all curious about what you look like under that helmet. Do you mind taking it off and giving us a show, so we can get all the snickering out of our systems now?"
"Good," Steve said. "That's good, Bucky. We can have Hank test it."
worth it.
Sin aimed her gun in the general direction of Agent Carter's voice and fired, hoping one of her bullets got the bitch in the gut, then crawled backwards for the door, When her left foot hit the lowest step, she turned and launches herself up the stairs, shoving past the men in her way.
The original squid had washed up against a pier in New Jersey yesterday, dead, with the two tentacles Spiderman had stabbed with his stingers reduced to rotting masses of necrotized flesh, so even though his wrist had swelled up to the size of a baseball due to an allergic reaction to its slime, Jan privately voted him the victor. His previous anxiety over whether or not he was growing to grow squid arms as a result of the reaction had now shifted to worrying that the squid might have been sentient. Hank, still occupied with dissecting it, had assured him that it wasn't. Spiderman, as it turned out, was difficult to reassure, and Hank's best efforts hadn't exactly helped matters.
"I'm fine," Tony interrupted, tugging his hands free.
Tony made a face. "Trust me, fancy dresses have lost their appeal."
"Sin," he said. "It's definitely her. And at least one of the men she had with her when she attacked Bucky and Sharon – you can see part of his arm just inside the frame, there."
Wanda thanked him for his hospitality, and told Cap that she'd be at the mansion's front gate by morning. The Sanctum Sanctorum was just one more place to hide. The things she'd done to her team and her home weren't going to go away if she avoided them.
Steve unslung his shield from his back. "Let's go. Ms. Marvel, you take point." Of them all, Carol was the most bullet-proof, her partial invulnerability giving her better protection from conventional weapons than even Thor possessed.
"I am afraid," Strange's voice broke the silence abruptly, "that I owe you an apology."
Even knowing that, the words still started a warm glow somewhere in his chest.
There were times that Steve wondered exactly why Tony and Rhodey were friends, and then there were the times, like now, when he was reminded that they shared a deep and abiding love for things that went very fast, exploded, or both.
. What?" she added, as Hank and Wanda turned to look at her incredulously. "Not all of us got our adolescent kicks by reading
Steve shoved the memory of Tony huddled in a hospital bed, his eyes fixed on things only he could see, out of his mind, and resisted the impulse to give the downed man a good, hard kick in the ribs.
using Pym particles, much less its even bulkier hydraulics-assisted back-up.
"I don't know," Hank was saying. "I thought it was funny."
— and you," he waved a hand at Sharon, "and he's wasting our time with this.  Someone in the Latverian embassy has to know where Doom is, and those who don't probably know who does.  At least one of them has to be willing to talk."
Hank hadn't met her eyes since she'd come back to her senses and found him lurking in the hallway; he'd barely even looked her in the face. And that made Jan feel even worse than the shakiness in her muscles and the lingering feeling of illness that Hank had guiltily confessed was probably due as much to the antidote as to the toxin.
Steve pushed himself up to his knees, brushing a scattering of orange fur off the front of his costume. "Wanda, your arms are smaller than mine. Do you want to-"
that needs forgiveness?" She expected this kind of self-recriminating stupidity from Tony, but Clint? How bad a number had Wanda done on his head, for him to blame himself? "You were mind-controlled, Clint."
"This is where you have always belonged," her aunt's voice went on, gentle but commanding. "Here. With me."
He ought to say something comforting, but what could he say to that?  He had no powers – the super soldier serum barely counted.  He would never know what having the power to alter reality was like, and he was thankful for it.
Five minutes later, Hank was still hiding on the other side of the giant living room, and Jan had decided that this was getting ridiculous. "Hank," she said abruptly, "would you mind bringing that pillow over here?" She waved a hand, indicating the throw pillow that was lying on the seat of the empty armchair next to Hank.
"Need some clear airspace for a landing, I know," she interrupted.  Without turning from the quinjet's controls, Carol reached up and tapped a finger against her earpiece.  "The NYPD is already talking to them."
Clint made a faint, strangled noise.
“No.”  Hank’s voice was tight, low, and he dropped his gaze to his hands as if he hated the admission.  “Please go away.”
"But maybe I didn't have to," Steve could hear himself stammering, despite his best efforts to sound calm and collected, and it made his face burn even hotter. "I mean, we didn't actually… um…" It had only been once, well, only a handful of times, and had never involved anything more exotic than hands and a kiss or two. And once, Jack had gotten down on his knees and-
All the love in the world couldn't make you enjoy sex that went against your natural orientation, could it?
Tony's face was easier to read now, maybe because of the lack of facial hair, and the fear and guilt and anger there was raw, barely controlled. He had wrapped both arms around his torso, like he was trying to hold himself together, something Steve had seen him do before, mostly during those months right before he had left the Avengers and nearly stopped being Iron Man for good, the months when, Steve knew now, he had been steadily trying to drink himself into oblivion whenever he wasn't in the armor.
She poured all of the spear's power into the command, letting it flow through her and out through the weapon itself.   It hurt, a searing pain that made even the white-hot burn of the wards on her neck and hands fade into insignificance, but when the raw chaos energy hit Sin, the tentacles curled away from it, thrashing and shriveling, and Chthon's screams of rage echoes at the edges of her mind.
Tony shrugged one shoulder, the motion making his breasts move interestingly. "Just so you know," he said, "you still have the right to haul off and slug me if we ever get into a fight." He offered Steve a familiar slightly-lopsided grin, the wry one he always used when he was being self-deprecating, totally oblivious to Steve's internal wince of horror at the thought of hitting someone I anger who was non-superpowered and nearly a hundred pounds lighter than he was. "I need some sense knocked into me occasionally."
“As opposed to something you have to go to anyway?”
"I didn't like fighting him, either," Steve protested. It had been the worst few months of his entire life, made even worse because he'd known that, even if the rest of the world could be saved, his friendship with Tony was lost forever.
Tony shrugged, the IV line tugging at his arm again. What was in it, anyway? "It didn't seem important." In the midst of all the chaos, there hadn't exactly been time to have discussions about his physical or mental condition. It wasn't as if there was anything anyone could have done at that point. The hallucinations hadn't been fun, but the entire time at the restaurant, he'd at least known that they were hallucinations. It wasn't until later, until he'd woken up in the hospital, that he'd lost the ability to sort them out from reality.
Sam nodded.  He didn’t look okay – he looked battered and shell-shocked – but since he was conscious, mobile, and coherent, Jan took him at his word.  “Iron Man’s hurt pretty bad.  Strange, too, I think.  I don’t know about the Scarlet Witch.”
Steve wanted to say, relief leaving him almost angry.  Instead, he tightened his grip on Tony’s hand, and said, “You have one broken rib and one fractured one.  The spear sliced clean through the first one and nicked the second.  You were lucky, though – it didn’t hit your liver and only nicked your lung.”
"I've never really worked with Triathlon," Rhodey said, returning to the topic at hand. "I hear he's done a good job as a team leader for the Initiative, though." He frowned faintly, expression speculative. "I wonder if I can get him reassigned."
"Just waiting for you guys to get here," she said. She slid one arm under the man's back and the other under his knees, and stood, carrying him to the window. "I think things are starting to wind down; a lot of the victims have collapsed." She took off out the window, and Steve took a few slow steps closer to Tony.
And now Tony was going to have to ask him for help.
Cap blinked. "
It was too bad, Deodato told him, that Maya couldn't just reboot Tony with a clean install of the Extremis, but all the available data indicated that that would kill him. "At this point, your body relies on it to keep your heart beating and your lungs working, and you wouldn't survive turning it off, even for long enough to, um, reboot you."
She heard the scrape of a boot heel on pavement behind her, and turned to find Clint at her elbow. "They said he would have died anyway," he said quietly. "There wasn't anything you and Sam could have done."
"Oh," Steve repeated, disappointed and feeling a little cheated. He
If he moved, Don knew, he would fall.  Damn Loki and Odin both.  He had to-
"He probably had the bird go for his eyes while he dove for his legs," Hank said, that little crease that meant he was thinking about some problem appearing between his eyebrows. She'd thought it was cute, once upon a time. It was still cute now, honestly. "If he got him in the back of the knees, he could have knocked him off balance easily, given the extra momentum the dive from several feet up would have given him. The original Black Knight did it to me once."
Once inside, their luck held. The lobby was filled with people, most wearing business suits, all of them lined up loosely along the walls by the door. The building manager, a tall, middle-aged man whose dark hair was receding in front, was waiting at the front desk with a sheaf of architectural plans.
"Or," Tony said, tilting his head to look up at Hank - the through-the-lashes seductive look was much easier to pull off at this height, it seemed - and taking a step closer to him, "you could do it again."
Jan, he realized belatedly, still thought that Tony and her ex-husband had had non-consensual gay sex. That was going to be a fun conversation.
Tony felt his smile faltering as she spoke.
The fact that Tony was willing to swear the silly oath should have made him smile. Instead, he found himself hoping that Tony would refuse to, that he'd use Steve's promise to make him rest on him to get Steve to stay with him.
Tony swore.   Of course it had felled Strange; it had done so before.   They should have planned for this.
"How do you spell that?" Peter asked, but he was already typing, pulling up the search interface.
There were a couple of moments of silence, while they all stared at the five remaining highlighted spots on the map, none of which helpfully stood out as abandoned Victorian Gothic mansions or conveniently empty state of the art lab facilities.  Barnes drummed his fingers on the table, then seemed to realize how loud the metal-on-wood tapping was, and stopped.  His arm was good work, especially for a Cold War relic, but the designers had sacrificed aesthetics for function — typical of Soviet work.  He'd probably refuse an upgrade, but something like Misty Knight's cybernetic arm, with built-in weaponry...
Hank collapsed on top of the guard, limbs twitching in sharp, hyper-reflexive jerks.  He took medication now, Don remembered with horror.  Anti-depressants.  Mood stabilizers.  Maybe both.  How could he not know what kind?  His own teammate was overdosing right in front of him, and he didn't know on what.
Morgan.
"This is my rifle. There are many like it, but this one is mine-"
Everyone drank at events like this, even if it was only a single glass of champagne. It was just what was done. His total avoidance of alcohol was going to be conspicuous, and considered everything from rude to a glaring sign of weakness that reminded everyone who noticed it that he was an alcoholic.
The flash of light when he and his Doombots teleported away was almost anti-climatic.
one of your sweaters."
The thought that Agatha's death might not have occurred at Chthon's hands was little comfort. Even if that was the case, it wouldn't bring her back, and the weight of the months she had spent believing in something that wasn't Agatha, neither missing her nor mourning her, loomed oppressively over her. It was only one of many regrets.
"I would never hurt Tony." The words were automatic, said before he'd even thought about them.
Had he thought it would do any good, he could have explained that the levels of chaos energy in the city were slowly but inexorably rising, twisting the forces of chance and fate in their favor. The spear wanted to be found, the power in it hungered to be used, and given time, it would force a means of grasping it to surface. They simply had to bide their time.
"You assume my soul is so easily consumed?  If
Sam stepped away from the huddle of law enforcement officials and waved at Steve, coming a few steps closer to them so that they could talk without shouting. "The police want to talk to the two of you." He nodded up at where Steve's shield was lodged in the crackling remains of the billboard. "About that."
"For future reference, then?" Rhodey said. "Smiling at people, leaning in towards them and batting your eyelashes looks an awful lot like flirting."
He returned, arms full of clothes, and halted in the doorway.
She had used the small amounts of ritual magic she had learned from Agatha as a means of focusing her mind, and since, according to Strange, mental discipline was a vital part of the magic he performed, his training concentrated on that aspect of magic as well. Strange himself used the rituals he was teaching her for raising and channeling power, with the forms of the ritual serving, as often as not, as a contract with the forces he was channeling, but that didn't mean they couldn't be used for other purposes.
"I'm sorry." Tony had a hand on his arm now, just above his elbow, and was squeezing gently.
"Who's going to give you away?" Happy asked. His poker-face was as perfect as ever, but Tony thought he sounded pleased. "Because if you need someone to, boss, you know that I-"
Jan asked, tone closer to an order than a question.
"She can change size at will," Clint said. "She's been treated with Pym particles, plus a couple of other things that let her grow wings and zap people with bio-electric energy when she's small."
"And you accuse me of holding back," he panted.
"Except, I can't really remember sleeping with her, or deciding to sleep with her. It just kind of... happened." Another pause, then, "Carol thinks maybe I was mind-controlled. That means I wasn't really taking advantage of her, right?"
"That's not the point." Jan pointed her ice cream spoon at Carol again. "The point is that you feel guilty because she needed help and you didn't notice in time to stop it, or couldn't stop it. And the fact that she did terrible things makes it even more complicated, because you did have a legitimate reason to be angry, and where's the line between understanding and forgiving and condoning?" She'd asked herself that dozens of times, every time she had to justify to someone else why she'd chosen to go back to Hank. 'Because I love him,' wasn't enough, not after everything that had happened between them. "And you keep asking yourself if you could have prevented those things by noticing or helping sooner, if you made it worse. And sometimes it's easier to get angry than admit that there's nothing you can do to go back and fix things."
"In the version I heard, he had to rescue Clint."
stock photos of Doom glowering up at the ceiling.
The police would still be en route. If they hurried, they could beat them there, and maybe no one else would have to die. Sin would have automatic weapons, probably still had poison on all those knives.
She could hear gunfire from elsewhere in the mansion, but none of the Doombots in the hall carried guns.  More unusual luck; her shield would be as much of a danger as a defense in the face of gunfire. Bullets ricocheted off it at random, and it would have taken nearly all her concentration to keep them from hitting one of the others.
Somehow, the fact that Hank hadn’t thought it through made it even worse, and Don had to fight the impulse to shout at him.  “Do you have any idea what lithium poisoning can do to people?”  Nearly two solid days of disaster and bloodshed and near-apocalypse, and they had come closest to losing one of their teammates through pure accidental stupidity
Tony was grinning now, so widely that the split in his lower lip was pulled open again. "I always did wonder why helping him find himself involved convincing him to wear a costume that made him look like a gay porn star."
"I threw him off the roof," Steve said, and hit Mister Hyde in the face with his shield.
"I'm sure Steve can survive a few days on his own." Tony shrugged, clearly dismissing her comments as an exaggeration. "I think he's happy with the way the team is shaping up." He grinned suddenly, the exhaustion fading from his face. "Before I left, I heard him singing in the training room."
"I'd be glad to," she interrupted. "It’ll be a relief to actually do something. Tony wouldn't even look at me."
"That was stupid," Jan told him bluntly. "Don't tick off reporters; it always comes back to bite you."
"Exactly." Hank pointed a finger at Sam. "We need her where we can keep an eye on her."
"The government is continuing the training program for younger, less experienced superhumans, as I'm sure you know, and Colorado and Wyoming's Initiative teams have been very successful working with the National Guard to stop those wild fires they've been having trouble with."
It was even fitting, in a way. She had shut down thousands of people's powers; losing some of hers in order to prevent such a thing from happening again was an odd kind of justice.
"Congratulations, Captain America." Tony spoke in solemn tones, but Steve could hear the amusement underneath. "You've defeated a five pound kitten."
There had been no point in going to bed for a few minutes' worth of catnapping, and their bedroom here probably wasn't even made up anymore.  And part of him had balked at the idea of sleeping in their ridiculously huge bed without Tony, which was pure silliness.
"I know I'm going to regret asking this," Clint said, "but why did Loki want Thor to be knocked up, aside from the obvious pointing and laughing benefits?"
Steve pulled on a clean shirt, then guiltily picked the towel back up and went to hang it on the appropriate towel rack in the bathroom. He'd hoped that working out would alleviate the restless boredom that had been plaguing him all morning. Unfortunately, Clint and Sam had both refused to spar with him, claiming that he was just grouchy and looking for someone to hit, and beating up a punching bag wasn't nearly as satisfying.
Sam exchanged glances with Steve, and saw his own amusement reflected in Steve's expression. "I'd say something about girls and animals," he said, "but Hawkeye talks to it the same way."
"Steve?"
Seemingly unimpressed, Sin folded both arms over her chest, glaring at him. "He killed Brock. I want him to suffer. And he shot Daddy in the head. He needs to pay." She said the words with a degree of venom completely at odds with her cheerful, freckle-faced appearance. "I wanted him to know I was coming for him."
The last clear thing she remembered was the time a month or so back when a blond tourist had rescued her, and she had kissed him and taken him home for the night. Clint. His name had been Clint. It was, Wanda realized, the only name other than her own that she knew.
Steve sounded upset. Tony reached up absently to stroke his hair, and hesitated as he felt a sharp tug on the inside of his arm. He looked down to find an IV line attached to the inside of his elbow.
Beside him, a third man was stretched full-length on the asphalt, a sheet pulled over his face to hide it from the circling news copters. They had pulled him out, too, from under the same piece of rubble. He'd been alive, then.
"If the data's any good.  None of us are computer experts."  If that was the case, and Jan and Hank spent more time in supervillains' hands than they would have if he'd given in and let Tony have his way...  Then he'd just have to deal with it.  It had been the right decision to make at the time, and second-guessing himself now wouldn't help anyone, least of all Jan and Hank.
"I'm immune to most human viruses. It's a Kree thing." She didn't look at Jan while she served herself ice-cream — half of what remained in the carton, which was probably a good thing for Jan's thighs. "Right before the end, if I had stayed after Red Zone. Before that, either I wasn't on the team or she was with Simon, or I was still drinking. It was always something. I never expected anything like what happened. It felt... personal. Stupid, I know, but-"
Tony still had a small red mark on the side of his neck, left over from earlier this evening.  It was the only visible bruise on him.  Steve brushed a finger over it, reassuring himself again that he could feel Tony's pulse, slow but steady.
"Be silent."  Doom held up one heavy, metal gauntlet.  "I need keep you alive only until I have claimed the spear from my soon-to-be-late ally."  He paused, and if it weren't for the mask, Jan suspected that she would have been able to see him smiling.  "I had originally planned to make do with just Synthia Schmidt as a blood sacrifice for my apotheosis, but three is a much more powerful number than one.  You should be thanking me, Wasp.  How many people can truly say that their deaths changed the world?"
that? That I wanted Agatha to die, or Scott, or Vi-vision." She stumbled over Vision's name, and looked away, eyes going to the coffee table. "I wanted someone to stop me," she said, more quietly. "I asked Xavier to, and he wouldn't." For a moment, she sounded almost bitter, but then her shoulders slumped slightly, and her voice just sounded tired as she added, "We never seem to notice when one of us needs help."
"Someone needs to contact Hank," Steve said. He needed to know what had happened to Jan, and he was also their best bet on finding out what this stuff she and Tony -- and all of these other people -- had breathed in was. "Ms. Marvel, War Machine, you stay here and help the paramedics get people out."
Date? Tony considered this a date? Steve hadn't thought about it in so many words, but... maybe it was. It wasn't anything the two of them hadn't done together before, but they hadn't been sleeping together before, either, and that bit on context changed everything.
"Tony Stark and Janet Van Dyne," Sam said, not giving Cap a chance to speak. "The paramedics just brought them in."
He straightened up to find Tony watching him solemnly. "You're limping," Tony said. "I'm sorry for teasing you about Jack Monroe. I forget other people who aren't me actually possess shame."
Mojlnir lay on the floor several yards behind her, transported along with him to a spot just close enough to be taunting, but far away enough to be completely out of reach.
"Just past one." Tony tilted his head slightly, considering, the armor's faceplate remaining as impassive as always. "An old fashioned clockwork number would stand up to your powers better, you know."
"No, but the Goliath costume counts, so bottoms up, Clint." Jan drained her own glass, and Steve was belatedly reminded that they were, in fact, playing a game.
"We're just going to have to prove to people that Stark Industries is as stable as ever."
Tony was still staring up at him, still wearing that crooked grin. "I almost choked on my drink when you did. Do you have any idea how many fantasies I've had about you?"
Clint shrugged one shoulder. "Deal with it. In a real fight the other guys are going to have powers or weapons. Anyway, I could still mop the floor with you bare-handed."
"You can tell him yourself."
Both of them lurched sideways, his arm hitting the side of one of the room's stone statue bases with numbing force. There was an ominous rattling noise from above them, and Steve pushed himself away from the statue before it could fall on him, trying to blink the spots out of his vision.
Clint folded his arms across his chest, and drew himself up to his full height. "I guess you weren't there for the 'we need to support our teammates and help them in their hour of need,' speech Cap gave us all when we first joined the team."
Tony stood, pushing himself away from the wall and bracing himself against a rush of dizziness, and that was when he felt something hot and wet oozing between his legs.
Steve tugged at his tie, knowing he was pulling the knot out of shape but not particularly caring. The last time he'd worn this suit had been at the Senate and Congressional hearings over the SHRA; the day they'd arrived in DC, Tony had sent him shopping with Jan along as a guarantee of good taste, and he'd come back with clothing more expensive than any he'd ever owned, short of his costume.
He knew why the team left him behind, out of the action; he was the one who had insisted on it, in the face of Clint's earnest and well-meaning attempts to get him back into costume. Being Yellowjacket again would make it too easy to fall back into old, bad habits. In costume, in the field, he'd be a liability. Back in the lab, as support staff, he could be an asset.
It was probably safe to go in.
In Agatha's house? Who would dare invoke the likes of Chthon or Dormammu in Agatha's house?
His laptop made the pinging sound that announced a new email, the tablet chiming in so closely afterward that the sound was almost a single electronic chirp. Tony glanced at it, then groaned, rubbing a hand over his face. "I've gone over that contract three times already," he muttered through his fingers. "What do they want to change now?"
"I won't." It had the sound of a promise, and Steve always kept his promises.
The door had a coded lock, but burst of machine gun fire made short work of it. Sin kept firing from the hip as she entered the room, aiming in only the most general sense. The gunfire drowning out the sound of the scientists screaming, bullets smashing through delicate equipment and making the body of the man who'd been standing closest to the door jerk and twitch fascinatingly.
Steve looked away, giving them a moment of privacy; Tony was on the other side of the room, smiling stiffly at a vaguely familiar-looking man whom Steve was fairly sure was involved in city politics somehow. He, unlike Hank, didn't have a single fold of fabric out of place, for all that his hair was artfully disheveled in a way that probably looked intentional, but was actually Steve's fault. Tony usually wore suits and dress shirts, unless he was planning to spend some quality time tearing machinery apart, and he always looked good in them, but when he made a real effort to dress nicely, as he had tonight, the impulse to muss up and pull apart that perfectly constructed armor of suit and tie was irresistible.
That was a very good point, and one that Steve had been kicking himself over for the past week. "In what way does that make it not my fault?"
"I can't change you back yet." Strange held up a single finger. "Don't be so quick to give up hope. You've been placed under an extremely complex and powerful spell, by a being of incredible power, and I will need to study the magics used on you further before I can safely unravel them."
"No, he came to warn me not to have sex with any men." Tony's face was tense with strain, but his sarcastic little smirk was the same as ever. "Loki's spell apparently had a charming little booby trap built in."
am a genius."
The infirmary, he explained when he reached them, was not one of the Helicarrier's conference rooms, and everyone who wasn't a patient could go and find themselves one.
She smiled, revealing teeth just a little too sharp to be human. "You would have the gratitude of a god. After I reabsorb the spear's power and use it to slay my step-brother and assume the throne of Valhalla, the Odin-force will belong to me. I will have power beyond your imaginings, and the ability to grant you great favors."
"Are you sure?" Steve asked Clint, his eyebrows raised in surprise. "If anyone has the right to object to working with her, it's-"
"Mr. Stark," Tony interrupted, suppressing the urge to snap at the man and making himself smile instead. His back had been hurting for the past day, probably from the fight with Hydra the Avengers had gotten into just before he'd left New York. He'd actually managed to avoid being thrown into or through anything or being hit repeatedly with crowbars or forcebeams or other large, blunt objects, but maybe he'd pulled something.
"The X-rays are developing." Hank tapped a few keys, then studied the computer screen again. "If you give me a few minutes, I should have the results of the second round of bloodwork, too. I'll be able to tell you more then."
"Just ride it out. Eventually enough stuff will have happened that we'll all have different things to glare at each other over and avoid talking about, and then you'll feel right at home again."
"Are you waiting to go back with the Quinjet, or do you want a lift back to the tower?" he asked, turning to Clint.
Steve didn't point out that said DoD contracts involved work Tony sincerely enjoyed, and that he'd repeatedly heard him refer to the StarkPhone as "boring." He dropped to his knees, letting his hands slide down Tony's body, eliciting a very satisfying choked-off groan when he deliberately brushed them over the front of Tony's trousers, and looked up at Tony with a grin.
The quinjet shuddered violently as something smashed into the side of it with a deafening crunch of metal.
"I think I'm kind of mad at myself, mostly," Peter admitted. "Because, yeah, Tony didn't tell me stuff, but a lot of it was stuff I didn't want to know, stuff I was happier not knowing. And I could probably have found it out sooner if I'd been looking harder. I'm kind of," he hesitated, gesturing vaguely with one hand, "glad I didn't know everything he and Reed knew when I had to pick sides." He swallowed hard, looking away. It all came back to Gwen again; if he had known, while she was falling, that stopping someone at terminal velocity could be as fatal as impact... Knowing that he'd deliberately chosen a course of action that he'd known would kill her -- because either option, catching her or letting her fall, would have killed her, he knew that now -- was the only thing that could have made the guilt worse. "What kind of man does that make me?"
"Neither did I." The cat gave one more high-pitched growl then subsided into long-suffering silence, clearly having given up. Steve scratched it behind one ear with a gloved finger. "See, if you hold him long enough, he eventually calms down."
They ought to have had Beast come and examine her – he was the mutant expert, and the geneticist – but while Clint was sure he would have come, if one of the Avengers had been willing to ask him, Wanda, when it was suggested to her, had point blank refused and nearly begged them not to contact any of the X-Men. Not yet.
Tony was sitting on the side of the bed, facing away from him. He was already undressed, wearing boxers and one of Steve's t-shirts. Somehow, without either of them mentioning it, Tony wearing his shirts to sleep in had become something of a habit; Steve probably should have protested this theft of clothing, since it meant that he ran through clean shirts noticeably faster than he ought to have, but he'd never quite gotten around to it. He had to admit that there was something oddly satisfying about the sight of Tony wearing his clothing.
Other than him, Strange and Matt were alone in the cathedral.
The crane had sheared off part of the building's seventh, eighth, and ninth stories when it fell, finally coming to a stop in the rubble of the partially collapsed fifth and sixth floors. It was still in place, a massive piece of twisted metal that pierced through two stories, lashed into place with sticky white webbing — Spiderman's new organic webbing was stronger than the artificially produced substance he'd apparently used before, and he'd covered both the crane and a wide swath of the building's crumbling outer façade in it.
"What do they want with a book?" Tony asked. "I'm pretty sure Thunderball's the only one of them who can read."
Tony's smile was real this time, crinkling the corners of his eyes, though the shadows under them remained. "I'll hold you to that." His eyes flicked over Steve's suit, and the smile turned amused. "What have you been doing to your tie?"
The man behind the bakery counter finished ringing up her purchase and wished her a good afternoon, while she stood frozen, still clutching the loaf of bread she had just bought.
He still hadn't completely gotten used to his own absent scars, either, but that was different; he'd had them his entire adult life, though few people had ever seen them. He'd probably been lucky that the shrapnel had hit him in the chest, and not someplace more visible. Like his face.
"I have no freakin' clue how she got there!" Sam Wilson's voice came loudly from the open door of the communications room, making the cat go low and dash out of sight. "Redwing was watching the outside of the building, and he never saw her."
Could he hear how irrational he sounded? How abrupt and shrill his voice had gotten? Did he even realize it?
Wanda said something in Transian that made Carol's teeth ache, and pinkish-orange sparks flickered over the guns.  One of the men swore, and there was a sharp bang as they all fired at once.
ooOOoo
"No."  It would only sound pathetic, and he'd have to tell Sam about what Doom had said, that he'd been brought back by human sacrifice.  Sam would be horrified, and he'd feel guilty for being relieved and happy that Steve was alive, and then would feel even worse about feeling guilty over that, and Sam had been through enough misery over the whole thing already.  He'd been there when Steve had been shot; Bucky had told him about it, afterwards, and about Sam stepping up to finish the speech Tony had tried to give at his funeral.
She hadn't thought about who her American tourist might actually have been, hadn't wondered about the life he'd had before appearing practically on her doorstep. Hadn't thought about his dead friend one way or the other.
"Someone had to fill in for me and Tony on the west coast," Wanda said, without much conviction.
Steve had just managed to wrench his hand free and duck another of Doom's punches — unlike last time, he'd managed to avoid being either hit or blasted thus far — when the man's cape began to writhe and twist, snaking up to wrap around Clint's neck.
Steve had missed Tony while he was gone -- he kept thinking of something he wanted to say to him, or needed to ask him, and then remembering that he wasn't there. It was like reaching for his shield only to remember that he was wearing civilian clothing and didn't have it with him.
"There's a cot over in the corner," he said. "It's kind of small, but-"
"So," Steve said to Tony, as the two of them watched a pair of firemen setting up wooden barricades at the corner of Water St. and Old Fulton St., "want to come back to my place?"
Having said it, he felt vaguely embarrassed, considering the position Thor had managed to get him into.
She shook her head. "That's not the only reason I was angry. I was angry at you for hurting yourself, for being so stupid, for throwing your career and our marriage and your membership on the Avengers away." Hank was one of the smartest men she knew, and he'd acted like an idiot, done things she'd
' Hank had insisted. '
"Thor doesn't think there's any risk of you spontaneously changing back, so you don't have to worry about that. I just..." He trailed off, and Tony could imagine the expression he was probably wearing, half frustrated, half worried, could almost
In which case, leaving them in Thor's custody made sense, given that he was unlikely to be susceptible to any human diseases – very unlikely, as Hank now knew from direct experience. Asgardian DNA was subtly different from human DNA in a number of ways that would probably be fascinatingly significant to a geneticist.... And which Hank was never going to even think of mentioning to anyone, because that project was dead and over with and Thor's genetic code was now none of his business.
If Wanda hadn't know what was in the artist's portfolio he carried slung over one shoulder, she might have been fooled into thinking that he was some ordinary citizen who'd stumbled into the Night Nurse's clinic by accident. Then Tony and Sam appeared in the doorway behind him, flanking him – Tony on the left, in the spot where a left-handed person would do the most good in a fight, and Sam on the right, his eyes glinting gold in the hard fluorescent lighting – and the illusion was shattered.
Tony collapsed into one of the chairs like a puppet whose strings had been cut, burying his face in his hands with a groan and not seeming to notice Steve's presence. He looked exhausted suddenly, his slumped shoulders making the line of his spine stand out clearly, and Steve felt both vaguely guilty for his prurient thoughts a moment ago and intensely awkward, knowing that he was seeing a moment that Tony believed was private.
Nice use of the passive voice, Hank thought. You had to give him credit for that. His ability to convey information to Hank or Tony without actually addressing them directly was improving. It was also getting both ridiculous and really, really irritating.
The name was familiar, and not from arguments about animal rights and public sanitation. Englehart was one of the supporters of a proposal to ban known superheroes from working for the city, citing potential conflicts of interest, as well as potential lawsuits. "I don't think that would be a good idea," Steve said. "This isn't an art show in DUMBO. A loud public argument about politics will get us kicked out."
That had been one of the more surprising things about explaining the Registration Act to Wanda – she had understood. Tony had expected her to react with the same disappointment and anger Steve and Thor had shown, possibly more so, given the government's long and ugly history with mutants. Instead, she had nodded slowly, saying,
The fact that one of the few things that had made it possible for him to stay sane like this was also the thing that had gotten him into this fucking mess, turned being female from something Tony could handle and live with into something that could literally kill him, would probably have been beautifully ironic if it had happened to someone else.
Wanda nodded dully. The Registration Act. Steve's death. During the long walk from St. Margaret's, she'd managed to piece together more than she'd wanted to from her fragmented memories of Clint's conversation.
The Sanctum Sanctorum was said to contain portals to other dimensions within its walls, to be bigger on the inside than it was on the outside. Wanda believed it. Strange's - servant? Partner? - had led her down yard after yard of twisting corridors and up more staircases than there were stories in the building in order to bring her to this room, and she could feel the latent magical energy in the air here.
Neither of them spoke for what felt like a very long time. Clint stared at the patch of wall just above and slightly to the left of Wanda's head. She wasn't looking directly at him, either.
Steve looked away, and didn't answer.
There were forty-six new messages in his in-box. Tony scanned the titles, and deleted everything that wasn't from Pepper or Sal or marked "urgent." CNN and the other major news stations were mercifully free of footage from the Meridian now; naked pictures of a recent American Idol winner had surfaced on the Internet yesterday, and no one cared about Tony Stark and Janet Van Dyne being hospitalized anymore. The pictures, to Tony's semi-expert eye, looked photoshopped, but that hadn't deterred
Then she started to laugh. "A woman," she managed, after a moment. "You've been turned into a woman. Tony Stark, world famous billionaire industrialist playboy, is a woman."
Tony stared at her in horror, feeling sick in a way that even the discovery that he was pregnant hadn't equaled.
Wanda was smirking openly at him, dusting her hands together with the air of someone who had just finished performing a distasteful but necessary task. Jan was perched daintily on her shoulder. Steve couldn't see her expression, but he would have been willing to bet money that she was smirking, too.
Tony scrubbed at his nose and mouth, the motion clumsy, and then frowned at the smear of blood on the back of his hand.  "That's not good."
"I don't mind."
"You said we had two days," Hank protested.
"That will be nice," Tony said vaguely. Steve wasn't entirely sure if that was a real answer, or if Tony had just hit that point of exhaustion where he would agree with whatever you said because processing human speech had become too difficult.
The house hadn't even lasted three months.  At this rate, the insurance company was probably going to try to sue Tony.
Under normal circumstances, Jan would have tried to say something to lighten the mood, but they were almost certainly being monitored.
"You have a really impressive set-up here," Falcon was saying, waving a hand at the array of portable and semi-portable and not-really-intended-to-be-portable-but-jury-rigged-so-that-it-could-be medical equipment that surrounded them. "It looks like you could do just about anything for him that a hospital could. You ought to be getting some kind of support from the city for all this."
“SHIELD’s coming,” he repeated.  He could hear the sound of helicopter rotors overhead again, too loud and the wrong rhythm to be from news copters.
Clint planted one hand on the balcony rail and sprang over it, tucking and rolling so that he hit the ground shoulder-first, and sprang to his feet with a dramatic flourish that he immediately ruined by stumbling over a chunk of plaster.
"I'd say that it wouldn’t hurt so much if you held still, but it would be a lie."
The lab here was much better than the one in LA. He'd forgotten what it was like to work in a state of the art facility, fully outfitted with latest equipment. Tony always had the best toys, and he'd spent years amassing his collection at the Avengers Mansion, as opposed to the handful of months he had spent gathering the lab equipment for the West Coast headquarters.
"You have a camera around your neck," she said dryly, leaving unspoken the assumption that he was therefore a nosey reporter trying to get pictures of Tony Stark in a hospital bed for the front page of the
"It's okay," Clint repeated.
Pepper. Tony winced, suddenly regretting the fact that he'd taught her how to do that little trick, which she'd apparently learned well enough that the measures he'd taken to hide the location of the computer he was using hadn't stopped her.
"Doom never lets anything go that easily." Steve bent backwards at the waist, letting Tony's next blow glide harmlessly past him. He was showing off, Tony suspected, the same way he was when he did one-handed back handsprings while holding twelve pounds of unwieldy metal.
Strange raised an eyebrow. "I didn't mean it to be," he told her. "Shall we begin? I need for you to demonstrate a spell for me, preferably one of the more complicated ones you know..."
"He got better," Strange said dryly. "Victor von Doom brought him back from the dead with black magic. I was able to intervene and make the situation permanent."
"I don't know if you've forgotten, but Thor isn't very good at listening to people."
And Tony didn't, not any longer.
“You can lead next time,” Steve told him, and dragged him out on to the floor.
"Both of them!"
"Call Hank," Steve said quietly. His voice had gone icy calm, the way it did when he was intensely angry – or scared.
Steve nodded. "It looks like it's been infected for days, and it took too long to get it to stop bleeding."
Rhodey let himself be dragged towards the dance floor; if he'd actually put up any resistance, Tony wouldn't have been able to move him.
Strange nodded, stepping aside and gesturing for them to enter the house. "Wanda has recovered her memories from before her possession by Chthon. She has no recollection of most of what occurred while she was under his control. She was unsure whether she ought to contact you, but there are things you need to know."
It struck Steve suddenly that he was kneeling on cold tile while Tony sat on the floor of the shower with water running over him, and that this probably wasn't a normal way to have a conversation. It probably said something about his life that it didn't seem unusual.
The room itself looked like a slightly off-kilter copy of his old room at the Mansion – the layout was identical, and the walls and floor were the same down to the plaster moldings, but the bare walls and lack of furniture other than the bed rendered the room strange, unfamiliar. He'd be sharing it with Tony, now; Tony's old room at the mansion had been the smaller of the two, because he'd been just as likely to spend his time in various expensive apartments or at his company, where according to Pepper, he had sometimes slept on a cot in his work room.
"Or boyfriend," Wanda was saying. "Since apparently that's an option, too."
Tony extended his left hand, and said, smirking up at him, "You don't need to break my fingers to get the truth out of me."
"He still hasn't let me see the other three Star Wars movies," Steve said absently. The New Avengers had argued about that once, Tony and Peter insisting repeatedly that there were only three real Star Wars movies, and watching any of the others would be sacrilege.
It was nearly full dark now, the sun having set some ten blocks ago, and she could feel the raw throbbing of a blister on her left heel. When she had come to a stop where Dr. Strange's house should be and seen a vacant building she had wanted to scream with frustration– she had nowhere else to go, and was so tired that part of her just wanted to curl up on the ground and go to sleep, except that that would have meant handing herself back over to Chthon – and the realization that it wasn't empty after all seemed to drain the rest of her energy from her.
"Fine, whatever. See you around," Clint said, getting to his feet more carefully this time.
"Oh yes it can. It's even worse than having to work with John Walker every day, with you in full-on crazy mode for a team leader."
His communicator gave him back nothing but static.
He looked especially good, Steve thought privately, in
Wanda shook her head. "I don't know. Chthon and Loki are both chaos deities, but I've never heard of a connection between them. Chthon doesn't have allies, just servants."
And it would have been. At the very least, whomever else HUSAC would have put in Tony's place would have had no qualms about dragging Peter into custody and turning him over to government scientists. And in the absence of Reed and Tony's work on the Negative Zone prison, captive superheroes would have been locked up in Genosha collars, forcibly depowered, used as experimental test subjects, or fallen victim to 'unfortunate accidents' as the superhuman facilities on the Raft became too overcrowded to keep superheroes and supervillains separate.
Clint had said – he had told her that someone he loved had died, a friend. It hadn't meant anything to her at the time. She had even mused on the irony of it, later, during those brief moments of freedom and lucidity; he'd come to Mount Wundagore because of someone else's death, and had brought something inside of Wanda back to life, without ever realizing what he had done.
"I don't even know what's in half of these." Steve gestured at the cardboard boxes that were stacked neatly along the walls of their newly completed bedroom, each one labeled in Jarvis's precise script. They had spent the past month stacked in his and Tony's bedroom in Stark Tower, and the months before that in a closet somewhere; Steve had gotten used to living out of a suitcase and one borrowed drawer in Tony's dresser.
Tony heard a quick intake of breath from Steve, and, nearly simultaneously, a scraping sound from behind them.  The armor's sensors registered movement; one of the Doombots was stirring.
"And I have good reasons now. We owe her. She needs our help." Steve knew that, of course, and being Steve, had offered it before Tony had even had a chance to suggest it
"Are we going in?" he asked, "Or is the NYPD taking this one?"
And Tony needed to go sit down somewhere before he keeled over in front of a bunch of emergency workers and in sight of at least two news helicopters, not to mention most of his teammates.
"Thor liked the carnivore special," Don said, which neatly side-stepped the entire existing and then not existing issue.
"Stop it," Tony said flatly. "Would you pull your punches with Diamondback?"
sick, aside from the headaches. Had there been other symptoms, ones Steve had missed? How much had he been hiding?
It would still be nice to hear their voices, and even taking useless action was better than doing nothing at all.  And talking to Tony would chase away the last remnants of uneasiness his dreams had stirred up.
“There’s no magical damage.  I wish I could fix the rest,” she nodded at the bandages covering his torso, “but I can’t directly manipulate reality anymore.”
Because Jarvis really would be annoyed if he came in and saw Clint sleeping on the sofa in full costume, Steve bent over and pulled off first one purple boot and then the other, setting them on the floor by the couch.
whispered - but it was even more obvious now. Dancing with him, standing this close to him, it was impossible not to notice. He hadn't been doing anything with that knowledge, though. He'd gotten over his impulse to flirt with Rhodey months ago, when he'd finally realized that all the stripping nearly naked in front of him and silent invitations in the form of unnecessary touching in the world were not going to make Rhodey interested in him.
"I can make sure the monitors stay on, and I can tell you if he's using the Extremis," Cap told him.
"Steve is grateful for that," Tony said, his voice carefully even in a way that Hank remembered from talks with HUSAC and Koening, and from California, before that. "Drop it, Hank," he added, turning to give Hank a stiff, fake smile that might have fooled him, once, before he'd spent months watching Tony smilingly present laws and programs he hated to the press. "Now isn't the time."
Nothing happened.
Jarvis liked them, too, she suspected, though he would never lower himself so far as to actually make them.
quickly.
Jan, now half again as tall, had woken up several times, slightly more lucid each time. The last time, she'd pulled out her various IV and monitor lines, walked out into the hallway where Hank had been pacing nervously back and forth, and hauled him into her room, where she'd then apparently collapsed on him. The hospital staff hadn't been pleased with Jan being ten feet tall in the first place, and had unsurprisingly liked this even less. Steve had come out of Tony's room long enough to tell them to leave Hank and Jan alone, which they then had. He had a feeling the blonde nurse from earlier wouldn't have been so easily cowed, but this was a new shift.
"Because a month ago you had cracked ribs and one arm in a sling." And two weeks before that, they'd all just been waiting for the point at which he would inevitably snap. Or at least, she had been. If Steve hadn't come back, she would have given it about another month.
Everything after that moment when she had realized how
him – it had been a horrible violation, and the cost... Dickstein's committee had forced Hank's hands, but assigning the blame where it was due still wasn't going to bring Bill back.
No thinking about Steve's temporary death, or the Helicarrier exploding, or Stark Industries' still lackluster performance in the stock market post the SHRA's repeal, or the way Sally Floyd kept trying to get him to agree to another interview, or fights with Thor, or the memory – the false memory – of Steve with blackened repulsor burns in the middle of his chest. It would be days, possibly a couple of weeks, before he and Steve had the opportunity to spend an evening alone like this again, so he was going to make the most of it.
“You were busy seizing and throwing up all over me.”
"Do you think it's possible that my powers somehow affected Tony?" she asked Agatha, staring down at the shifting reflections in her teacup. Agatha's tea service was as comfortingly familiar as her house, the roses painted on the side of the fragile china cups worn and faded with age. "That I ill-wished him somehow? I never wanted anything bad to happen to my friends, but there are times when it seems as if the people around me are cursed."
Steve wasn’t sure what she saw on his face this time – he was almost running out of the energy to react to bad news – but she hurried on.
Steve smiled, and kept looking at the woodcut; he didn't need to see Tony to imagine the rueful little smile on his face. "When there are fewer cameras around, maybe." In the woodcut, a man and a woman were locked in a passionate embrace, while a bird hovered over them, transfixed in a ray of light. In the background, a lion was eating the sun. The little plaque to the left of the image explained that the couple represented the sun and the moon, and the lion, the role of spiritual mercury as a universal solvent.
Tony raised his eyebrows.  "That  wasn't dancing, Steve," he said dryly.  "It was extremely athletic sex  performed to saxophone music.  And for the record, going to a jazz club  isn't the same thing as going clubbing, for which you should count  yourself lucky."
"You don't have to avoid it with me," Agatha said firmly. "There are some things men just can't understand, no matter how powerful or well-studied they are." She met Wanda's gaze, her blue eyes sharp despite the web of wrinkles surrounding them. "I want you to know that you can always come to me with your problems, Wanda dear, even if you feel you've outgrown what I have to teach you when it comes to magic. Stephen Strange may know a lot about being a sorcerer, but he knows little about being a woman."
Why did people keep coming to him for medical help whenever Don Blake wasn't around? The "Dr." in front of his name was for a Phd in biochemistry, not a medical degree.
Steve sat down in the plastic chair someone had left beside the bed, absently wrapping one hand around the metal railing that formed the side of the bed. "You're lucky I thought to try my old access code for the armor," he said. "I can't believe you didn't change it. I can't believe I didn't think to ask for a new one."
"Step away from him, Loki," Steve called, but he didn't throw his shield, though Don could tell from the way he held it that he wanted to.
Hank frowned, then shrugged one shoulder. "I guess it doesn't matter that much. If his blood is still on it, traces of the toxin will be as well, especially in those little grooves. That's probably the reason they're there."
"I'm not in shock," Don said.  "I just need fluids, and something for blood sugar."
Cage stayed oblivious to her as she crept past him to one of the building's side doors; irritating as Doom was, he did have his uses.
"See," Tony said. "I told you he liked you."
Hank dodged backwards as the Doombot in front of him made one last, clumsy attempt to grab him, and went sprawling as his foot collided with something that rolled.  He lay there for a second, all the air knocked out of him, and tried to force his lungs to work and his body to move.
The low, concrete building looked unimportant from the outside, squatting on the edge of the small collection of white tanks like an afterthought. The door was painted red, with a yellow plastic sign riveted to it proclaiming 'danger: high voltage.'
"Hmm?" Tony blinked at him, looking dazed, his eyes half-lidded. "Yes you should. For an eighty-year-old man, you kiss really well."
"When morning comes, I shall remove myself from this place." He spoke the words aloud, to give further weight to the decision. "I shall sleep tomorrow night in the Avengers' old home."
Thor had been silent throughout the meeting – the argument, really – and when he spoke, it was almost startling. "If the Scarlet Witch was truly forced to do these terrible deeds against her will, then it would be wrong of us to blame her for them."
"No," Tony snapped, "we couldn't have. If we hadn't given them a superpowered test subject, there they would have gone out and found one. I wasn't going to give them Spiderman or Jessica Drew to dissect, or give them the Extremis and let them kill ninety percent of their test subjects with it, anymore than Hank was going to make them a new supersoldier virus to test on human guinea pigs, on kids who had no more idea of what they were getting into than Steve or Isaiah Bradley did. Cloning you was a compromise." He glared up at Thor, meeting his eyes for the first time in... perhaps for the first time since his return. "If I'd said no, and let them take me to experiment on instead, a lot more people would have died."
Peter still hadn't gotten used to people doing this -- every time he got a, "Hey, aren't you Spiderman?" comment, he felt this automatic impulse to freeze, look around to see if anybody had heard, and maybe climb out the window or hide behind somebody. A little, paranoid part of him nervously expected receptionist-guy to call the cops on him, or turn out to be the Shocker in a cunning hospital-worker disguise.
"I played tennis in school," Tony said, and pulled out his SI-manufactured Blackberry-clone. Email. Surely he had some vital red-flagged email from SI's legal council that could rescue him from this conversation. There were at least five ongoing lawsuits involving SI, if you counted the ones where Tony was suing other people as well as the ones where people were suing him; in New York, after all, lawsuits were just another tool one used in order to do business.
"Honestly?" Carol said softly, "Normally, if a guy told me something like this, I'd call him a prick and kick him out of the car, but what you just described sounds an awful lot like what happened with Marcus." She grimaced. "I can't remember why I decided to go with him, I just know that I didn't really want to. Like one of those dreams where you don't want to do something, but you're watching yourself do it anyway."
"Tell them I'll meet them there," Steve said. "Rogers out."
The blonde flight attendant from earlier was standing by the closest cabin door, bidding passengers farewell with a practiced smile. "Are you all right?" she asked Wanda, halting her just feet away from the exit. Somehow, her eyes managed to convey a frown despite the unfaltering curve of her lips.
"I've heard that you and Tony are involved now," she said, offering him a faint grin. Now that he was closer to her, Steve could see a scattering of freckles across the bridge of her nose; combined with the smile, they made her look impish despite her sharp suit.
And she did. She wasn't sure if she was locking someone else out, or herself in.
"No," Sharon was shaking her head. "The first time he died, the cosmic cube was right there. He was able to use it to transfer his consciousness. The second time, there was no way for him to escape. We checked Lukin's body; the cube wasn't there."
The glass shattered under the impact, the fire roaring higher at the influx of fresh oxygen. Agatha was chanting now, her voice half buried by the roar of the flames. "Shemek Iref Wenek Tjhen Inek It-Ek Chthon Djedeni Emm-Maat..."
What the hell was wrong with him?
The entrance to Stark Tower was designed to be imposing; the double doors were close to eight feet high, with a grill of decorative metalwork covering them. Beyond them, through the gaps in the ironwork, the three-story-high, marble-floored lobby was visible, the wide expanse dotted with men and women in what were probably very expensive suits.
It shouldn't make a difference, but it did. Maybe because of the cognitive dissonance of speaking with someone who sounded like -
said sex with men to anyone he knew, but that was different. Before Tony, there hadn't really been anything to admit to — nothing that was worth potentially losing the respect or friendship of someone he cared about. "And we're not making a statement. It's no one else's business."
"I didn't think there was any point," Steve said. The paramedics closed the ambulance's back door, shutting Tony away from sight. "We were fighting. If it was me, changing those codes would have been the first thing I'd have done." The problem was, even when things had been at their worst, Tony hadn't thought of him an enemy. Steve couldn't say the same about himself -- he
The kitchen, the library shelves, and the staircase in the front hall were all cat-less, and so was the monitor room. That left Tony's lab, an endless source of potentially lethal things to destroy.
"My God," Clint's voice broke in on Tony's thoughts, "what the hell's wrong with your eyes?"
Tony smirked, not bothering to dispute the claim; maybe Clint
"The price of living in the Avengers Mansion," Steve sighed. "Being this close to Central Park's jogging trails is worth it, though."
the father who had used and tortured and brainwashed her?
The corner of the Wizard of Oz drawing was crumpled. Steve carefully flattened the soft, slightly yellowed paper out.
"Don't mention what to Steve?" Steve's voice came from the doorway, just as Clint, with typical bad timing, grinned, and said, "Is this connected to that thing where you can talk to computers but Cap doesn't like it because it makes your brains leak out your nose? God, you're whipped."
One good tug, and the half-windsor knot in his tie would fall right out.
Cap didn't look comforted. "Carol said you had something to tell me?" he asked, voice still dull.
Loki swept the heavy fur cloak she wore back over her shoulder, revealing a dagger long enough to serve as a short sword tucked into a heavy, golden belt, and crossed the room toward him, coming uncomfortably close. Despite her lush curves and the revealing neckline of her gown, she moved like the warrior she was; she clearly intended to intimidate him rather than seduce.
Jan landed behind the Doombot, grew until her head nearly brushed the ceiling, and gave it a hard shove.  It went flying, smashing mask-first into the floor with a ringing
"They don't give you prescription pain medication for no reason. And why are you letting some doctor prescribe you things without asking what they are?"
"Knowing and mocking are two different things." Tony grinned up at him lopsidedly, head lolling back against the couch. "Sorry. I was just… surprised. And then I kept thinking about you and another man in one of your costumes, and… it was very distracting."
It had the sound of something she'd worried over for a long time, and Jan suspected that these weren't just Simon's concerns she was voicing.
Tony had been his closest friend, once. He still couldn't stand the idea of seeing him suffer. And having his body altered this drastically against his will... knowing Tony, he couldn't possibly be handling this well. The man who had angrily defended his illegal actions to Steve last month had been an entirely different person from the broken, borderline suicidal drunk Steve had narrowly saved from death in a burning hotel, or the unconscious, fever-stricken wreck he had visited in the hospital, but that had been just under two years ago, and who knew what it might take to make Tony start drinking again. Not everyone was able to stay on the wagon, after all.
"I've been asking myself that for years," Steve said. He had never like killing people, had hoped never to have to do it again, after the war had ended, but for the Red Skull, he'd always been more than willing to make an exception. Red Skull had earned death multiple times over, before the end, but had always seemed to escape it at the last moment, generally leaving a trail of innocent corpses in his wake.
"Of course we have," Steve agreed.  "Where are Yellowjacket and the Wasp?"
"It would be best if the contents were analyzed swiftly," Thor said, to Jan.
The woman bucked violently, ripping herself free of his hold, and grabbed him by the throat, just below the bottom edge of his helmet – stupid, so stupid, letting himself get distracted that way – and then he was airborne.
There was another explosion of gunfire from one of the upper floors, and the sound of clanking metal boots in the hallway.
The lack of someone to blame didn't make that body under the white sheet feel any less like a failure. His chest had been crushed the moment the rubble hit him, and five or ten minutes either way would have made little difference, but he had been breathing when she had lifted that chunk of curtain wall off him, and he wasn't now.
No loss; the man had been a coward anyway. Sacrifices had to be made in the name of the future Reich.
He slid his arms under Tony and stood, bracing himself against Tony's weight. "Get him down to the ambulance," he told Sam.
"True or not, trying to Loki-proof our security is useless."  Tony tapped a finger against the print-outs of what data Steve and Carol had managed to salvage from the mansion's security systems.  "Forget her.  Doom and Sin are the weak links there.  Wherever they teleported to, it was within a five mile radius of the Avengers Mansion."  Which covered almost the entire island of Manhattan, with no guarantees that they'd teleported directly to their final destination.
That sounded ominous. "Deny-" Steve started, and broke off as Sam came rushing through the open door, Clint on his heels.
He was sitting on the floor in the far corner of the shower, back against the wall and knees drawn up to his chest, his head resting on his folded arms.
