“Are you crazy?  I’m the lucky one here.  You could have anyone and you’ve somehow ended up stuck with me.  I keep waiting for you to realise your mistake and call a halt.”
The lads with whom he had gone through basic training at Sandhurst had really bonded and formed a special friendship.  Even when they had been split up into their different divisions and assignments they had somehow managed to cobble together a yearly reunion to catch up with each other’s lives and get well and truly drunk over their reminiscences.  Occasionally, one of them wouldn’t be able to get there if they were deployed abroad on a mission without leave but, if at all possible, they all met up.
"Well, although I may prefer you clean shaven, I feel that Major Metcalf can only add to his distinction with the addition of a proper one."
“Send one back saying: ‘Hi Greg.  I’m doing ok, thanks for caring.  Sherlock is being an arse as usual but I’ll keep him in check. John.’”
I do also have that picture of you in my hat, it’s true.  This is going to sound weird because we’ve never met, but from the very first letter, I’ve sort of felt a connection to you.  I’m fascinated by what you can do and the things you say; I’ve never heard the like and it’s all amazing.  I like that you were surprised that I called you a friend, even though that’s really selfish of me, because it meant that I was the first and nobody else had ever thought that about you and it made me feel special, though I’m sorry if you feel you have missed out by not having one before.
He finished his perusal just in time, as it seemed that Greg was giving up on that scene for now and said they would work on it at a later date.  Now it was time to do the scene where John’s character, Major Metcalf, arrived and Sherlock didn’t want to miss this.
“What are you making?”
"Bloody Fuck!"  John's eyes shot open and he tried to sit upright, but Sherlock's teeth were holding him in place.  "What the hell do you think you're doing, Sherlock?"
“We’ll need all day and many more – we have so many things to get through.”
John kissed across to Sherlock’s neck and dragged his teeth lightly along the skin up to his ear where he bit down on the earlobe.  Sherlock cried out and convulsively clutched on to John’s back with one hand as he raised his other to his mouth and bit down on his knuckle as John kissed his way back down again.  John did it several times, loving the stifled noises that Sherlock was making.  John sucked a love bite at the base of Sherlock’s neck before moving across to the other side and going through it all once more.  He’d definitely discovered a sensitive area for Sherlock and was determined to make the most of it.
Male Characters –                      Played by Marcus Coady
At John’s admission, Sherlock felt able to admit that he, also, had enjoyed himself.  He had really missed John in the last three weeks.  He had got used to having a faithful companion by his side; someone with whom to do experiments and go exploring and while away, the otherwise far too boring, hours in the day.  He didn’t begrudge John having other friends – well, he told himself he didn’t - but it had scared him to see John becoming so absorbed in someone else.  He probably hadn’t reacted very well by refusing to see him as he’d made the situation even worse; seeing even less of John than if he’d been off on occasional dates.
“Did you like it?”
"Jooooohhhhhn," he whined.
“Well, if you have finished showing off, Sherlock, we should make proper introductions.  I am Mycroft Holmes and this, as you have heard, is my brother, Sherlock.”
John mock saluted him.  “Major Metcalf at your service, sir.”  They both laughed.
"Oh no, Greg, surely you don’t mean that!  We've worked so hard, and it's really coming together now."
“I have, yes, but I’ve never killed anyone.  I learnt very quickly how much I could safely take and I would glamour them afterwards so they didn’t even know it had happened.”
“Well, technically you can now also call yourself his descendant, as you are of my bloodline as I am of his.”
proudly presents
He was having the most marvellous dream.  It was a warm summer day and he and Sherlock were lying in the grass in Regent’s Park deducing all the people as they strolled past.  Sherlock had his head resting on John’s chest and John was stroking his fingers through Sherlock’s dark curls.  He buried his nose in Sherlock’s hair as he just enjoyed listening to those dulcet tones, whatever they happened to be saying.
"Greg said you could do that.  Go on then, if you're worried.  Do your worst."
Sherlock settled himself more comfortably on the bed, drew in a deep breath and clicked on the earliest dated entry.
They had worked their way through every scene and each of the actors seemed to have got into the rhythm of their own characters.  Most of them knew the majority of their lines now and only had their scripts around for reference, instead of constantly referring to them, which was making it easier to block out the scenes and for everyone to know where they should be standing or looking.  Today was really more in the way of a Christmas party than a proper rehearsal, so Greg called everyone together to talk to them.
Sherlock coated his fingers and cock and worked John open as quickly as he could, giving him the minimum of preparation, but knowing that John could take it now and that he liked it a bit rough anyway.  Sherlock grabbed hold of John’s thighs and lifted him up against the wall so his legs were around Sherlock’s waist.  He positioned himself and then lowered John down so he slowly slid on to Sherlock’s shaft as it filled his passage.
There was another party on New Year’s Eve, and this time, all the local families in the village were invited.  A marquee had been erected on the terrace, leading out from the ballroom, to encompass all the extra dancers.  One end was cordoned off to give the children somewhere to run round more freely.  A catered buffet had been provided by Mrs Carstairs and her helpers.  The children were taken in to special consideration again, with some less exotic finger foods being prepared, that would be more likely to appeal to their younger palates.  Mummy also hired several babysitters who set up games for the children to play and kept them amused for the evening.  This allowed their parents to enjoy themselves and, more freely, welcome in the New Year.  There was even a room set aside for the smaller ones who fell asleep before the party ended, with lots of squashy bean bags for them to use.
Sherlock pulled John forward to the edge of his chair and used his deceptively not inconsiderable strength to lift John up and lie him down on the pillows; the heat of the fire warming his skin through the towelling robe.  John made as if to resist but Sherlock shook his head minutely, their unspoken knowledge of each other being enough for John to know it was all taken care of and to let Sherlock handle everything.
Sherlock cuffed him on the head, “I know that, fool.  I just want to try something first.”  Sherlock held his wrist up to John’s mouth.
"I'd like to look at your member lists if possible please and the log of who's been in during the past two weeks."
“What do you mean?”
“Do you think Jasmine suffers from one of those things?”
“Oh no, I absolutely do, I just wasn’t expecting to say so quite as openly.”
Dear John
Sherlock walked across to his bed and held a cup with a straw for him to have a drink of water.  He nodded his thanks after a few sips and Sherlock put it back on the table.
John laughed.  “No, I really wouldn’t.  We always had great fun when we went out.  Let’s hope tonight is just as good.”
What could he make of that?  He thought back to what had happened with the spiked drink at the Christmas party.  Though John had been the one affected, it had seemed that Jasmine was supposedly the intended victim of that incident, too.  Did someone have a vendetta against Jasmine?  If so, they were obviously getting more serious in their efforts to cause her harm; and with the failure of this attempt, how much more desperate were they likely to become now?
“When have you ever known me not to be ready and willing for anything you have to offer?”
Yes; as soon as John was healed he would move things forward.  In fact, he could do some things now if he started slowly.  He had quite enjoyed touching John’s back as they had ascending the stairs.  He had felt the warmth of the skin, even through the clothes, and wanted nothing more than to test the texture under his fingertips without other barriers intruding.  He could try touching John again when he awoke, under the guise of helping him get about and see if a piece of skin bared itself to his view.  John hadn’t seemed bothered when he had let Sherlock examine his scar in the hospital last night, though that might have been the influence of the mysterious drug at work, lowering his inhibitions.  Still, it was worth trying, so Sherlock would put his plan into action and see where it got him.
Sherlock was off the bed quicker than John could blink and the next thing John knew he felt long fingers squeezing his arse and a chin stretching over his shoulder, reaching for his lips.  They kissed deeply, Sherlock’s fingers kneading the skin before moving forward around John’s hips to circle his groin and slide down his shaft.  Sherlock leaned further forward over John’s shoulder so he could look at what he was touching.  John’s head fell back against Sherlock’s neck as he let out a heavy sigh of delight at the feel of Sherlock’s caress.  He turned his head to kiss Sherlock’s ear which was about all he could reach from that angle.  John wanted those lips again, so loath as he was to stop what Sherlock was doing, he twisted his body round and wound his arms up around Sherlock’s neck as he pulled him down for more of the deep, drugging kisses of which he was already becoming so fond.
John nodded as he grinned and took their tray of plates up to the counter and brought back two teas and sat himself down opposite Sherlock.
“To which Holmes are you referring?”
Sherlock whole face creased up into a grin.
He pushed himself up from the table and Mary looked at him questioningly.  Shit, he was here with Mary!  He sat back down again.  He was such a heel.  He was going to have to disappoint Mary now, too, but he knew there was nothing else he could do.  He had been denying this for too long as it was and it couldn’t be allowed to continue.  Just as he was about to start his stuttering apologies, Mary looked at him and shook her head.
“I can’t believe there’s a single experiment you haven’t tried on me.”  John chuckled as his fingers raked gently through Sherlock’s hair, pulling lightly on the ends as he reached the tips.
"Didn't some people think it was royalty, the Prince of Wales, or someone like that?"
Sherlock’s immediate retaliation was to lean forward and suck one of John’s balls into his mouth, rolling it around with his tongue and pulling the skin taut.  John clutched convulsively at Sherlock’s upper leg as he let out a long moan and shuddered.  When he opened his eyes again, after Sherlock finally let go, he saw that Sherlock was smiling at him and raising an eyebrow as if to say ‘your turn’.
They had great fun running from one spot to another and Sherlock enjoyed having someone else being so enthusiastic to join in with his experiments.  When they had filled all their bags they headed back to the manor.
“Thank you, Mr Johnson; you’ve been great and so supportive.  Thanks for all your help and for letting us use your equipment.”
“I think you’ll find that Sherlock can do anything he puts his mind to; and an absolutely amazing mind it is, too.”
John jumped up and went back to the counter.  He came back with four more on a tray with a jar of jam this time.
John burst out laughing.  “I thought you were being serious then, you idiot.”
They kissed again, drawing out the last one, not wanting to part.  They could hear voices coming up the stairs towards their floor now and knew they couldn't drag it out any longer.  Sherlock leant in for one more quick kiss and then dashed into the communal bathrooms, from which he could innocently emerge and head to his own room without any show of having been anywhere near John's.
"I'm not just a pretty face, I'll have you know."
“I mean, why did you come to see me?  I thought you wanted nothing to do with me.”
“I killed a deer once when I was very young.  We usually drink bagged blood but if we get injured at all then we need living blood to heal quickly.  There were some hunters chasing Mycroft and I through a forest in France and I got shot with a crossbow.  Mycroft pulled out the dart and caught a deer for me but I didn’t know how much to take and in my pain I just let my thirst have free rein and drained it.”
John could tell that Sherlock was almost there so he dragged his lips slowly back up the shaft and let it pop wetly from his lips.  He blew over the tip, the cold air on the hot flesh making Sherlock shiver.  When John made no move to replace his mouth again, Sherlock opened the eyes he had been squeezing tightly shut as his climax had been approaching.
“Exactly!  It’s been the hardest thing in the world to get out of that bed each morning and not roll you over and ravage you.  I’ve only been waiting for you to heal enough before I could test the waters and finally properly kiss those gorgeous lips.”
"Partner up everyone, you know the rules, pick whoever you're next to."
She got the tablets from her locked cupboard, the key hanging from a ring that was secured around her waist so there would be no chance for someone to have got hold of it from it being left lying around.
"Thank you; I like to think so."
Hell – he was in hell!  The only thing he was focused on now was that it was nearing five o’clock and he only had four more to get through.  He had been thrown up on not once, not twice but three times, and the last one hadn’t even been his patient.  It had been the baby sister of his patient, sitting quietly in a carrier seat.  John had bent down to smile at her and she had chosen that exact moment to projectile vomit her recently consumed milk back into his face.  He had lost his jumper to the first episode, his shirt to the second and now he could feel the vomit dripping down from his face onto the scrub top into which he had changed.
By the time they approached the lake they could see that the requested transport had already arrived.  There were two vehicles waiting; one obviously to take Sherlock back to the base and one to help Martin.  Martin successfully managed to land on the lake and taxied over to the dock.
"You're some kind of mad scientific genius, aren't you?"
Since he had been back, however, his feelings had changed.  Where before he would merely have liked the look of someone but not done anything about it; now he liked the whole package and he wanted it all.  With Sherlock it was his face, body and, most importantly, his brain.  How could anyone not have found it sexy the way Sherlock could solve a crime in two minutes?  Even The Woman had said brainy was the new sexy.  Okay, so he could perhaps have learnt to use a bit of tact on occasion, there was no doubt about that, but still, it was amazing.  He was amazing.
“Your assailant is a crack marksman and hunter and would have been stationed on the roof of that building over there from where he shot his crossbow bolt.  It was angled in such a way so that it would strike straight through the prop of wood that was holding open the skylight to weaken it enough that it would break after impact thus slamming the skylight shut behind it and giving the appearance of a locked room murder.”
"Hello, sir.  Oh let me give you a hand with that."  John rushed down to the front of the workshop and took hold of the long plank which the students had obviously been using to cut out their cruet sets, judging by what they had been putting away at the end of the lesson.
Sherlock couldn’t wait to try that himself so when he recovered he pulled John’s shirt completely off as it was already un-tucked.  He took a moment to enjoy the sight of John’s rugby-toned body.  It was a nicely tanned colour too, as compared to Sherlock’s paler chest, but if the delight in John’s eyes was anything to go by, John didn’t seem to mind the difference.  Sherlock dragged his fingers down John’s chest and circled his nipples a few times before pressing against the nubs.
“Sure thing, Doc.  See you soon.”
“Bored!”
“Valentine’s Day isn’t stupid, Sherlock.  It’s a day when you can show someone that you care about them, and you do it in secret so they don’t know who it’s from, so it makes a lovely surprise for them.”
“John, John, nooooooo.”  Sherlock let rip with another scream and John took pity and sat back on his hips, laughing as he looked down at him.
“Bloody hell.  Are you telling me you’re related to bloody Dracula?”
“I know but you don’t really want to be sniffing under my arm, surely?”
“Would you like to lead or shall I?”
“By existing, John.  By standing here in front of me, being who you are.  By forgiving me for what I’ve done and not leaving me alone to rot.  By accepting me for who I am and, in spite of that, still allowing me to have what I want – what I never even knew I wanted until you came along.”
“No, thank you,” John laughed.  “I’m fairly sure I can come up with something better than that.”
“What do you mean paramour?  Have you spoken to John; how do you know he’s away?”
Sherlock's lips were tingling at the mere thought of kissing John again.  He had been awake half the night thinking back over what had happened and cataloguing all the new sensations he had experienced.  He was pleased to see that John was obviously anticipating another meeting as eagerly as he was.
“Piss off.”
"My turn now, then.  Come over here."  Sherlock spun his legs around and sat straight, pulling John over so that he was straddling his hips.  He liked this position because he always felt completely surrounded by John, and he knew that John liked the chance to be taller and lean down to kiss Sherlock, so it was a win-win.
"Well, aren't we an eager beaver."
John peeled off the now dampened silk and took in his first sight of a fully naked Sherlock.  He was astounded that he was actually allowed access to all this beauty.  He ran his finger up Sherlock’s inner thigh, circled his balls and then continued along his shaft, pausing at the slit to pick up the little droplet which had gathered.  He smiled to himself as he sucked his finger deep into his mouth, groaning around it and pumping it in and out as pornographically as he could just to see Sherlock’s face.  Sherlock’s jaw dropped and, when he saw the smile in John’s eyes, he pulled him upright and latched on to his lower lip where he had bitten him before.
“Mary, you are amazing, do you know that?”
Sherlock pushed Greg up the bed until his head was on the pillow then turned him on his side with his back to John.  John got into place behind him and Sherlock slid down the bed until he was curled up with his head resting on his arm and Greg’s cock right in front of him.  Sherlock licked the bead of pre-come that had gathered in Greg’s slit and stroked his fingers gently up and down the shaft as John lifted Greg’s leg and positioned himself ready.
“Hello Mummy, it’s Sherlock.  Yes, I know I don’t usually ring.  No, everything is fine, thank you.  No, I haven’t blown anything up.  Why is that always the first thing people think of?  Yes, I know it has happened in the past.  Listen Mummy, would it be acceptable for me to invite a friend over to come to the Boxing Day party, and then stay until we go back to school please?  Yes, I do.  His name is John.  Watson.  No, I don’t think he’s one of the Kensington Watson’s.  Yes, he is.  He’s going to ring her now to see if he’s allowed.  Oh, thank you, Mummy.  Yes, I can meet him at the station.  Oh no, do we have to?  I suppose so then, thank you.  Yes, I’ll see you soon.  Goodbye.”
Sherlock’s expression froze for a moment before he blinked quickly.  Was he really going to be able to listen to all those messages John had left for him?  His hand shot out, palm open towards Mycroft who raised an eyebrow and stared back at him.
“No, John!”  Sherlock rushed over to where John was lying.  “I’m going to pull the bolt out.  You’ll be ok, John.  Don’t worry.  We just need to get you some blood.”
John had just properly awoken after a second operation on his shoulder.  He had apparently had an emergency procedure to save his arm whilst in Afghanistan, but he’d been shot right on the frontline and, as he knew from his own experience, they just tried to patch people up as best they could with the little resources on hand.  He had developed an infection in the wound and been shipped home to this military hospital on the outskirts of London to have another operation to try and restore as much function as possible and combat the infection.
“How did you get here before him then?”
“Yes, John.”
“Wait, don’t you need to go and see the paramedics if you’ve been injured, they were just pulling up as we come in?
“Blimey, don’t gush, Sherlock, you’d embarrass the poor man, were he here.”  John burst out laughing and felt easier about the situation.  He knew that Sherlock was speaking the truth about his feelings and what he said had managed to reassure John that it would not take anything from their own relationship.  He let himself imagine taking warm blood from Greg whilst he was buried deep within him.  Yes that was definitely something he wanted to try.  He considered Greg good-looking and if he wasn’t so happy with Sherlock, he might have thought more about him and Sherlock obviously didn’t have a problem with him either if his comments were to be believed.
He never went out.  He barely ate, except when Mrs Hudson put something physically in his hand and after a few moments of confusion at what it was doing there, he would eat it just to get rid of it.  He wasn’t sleeping in his bed at all; he would just drop off randomly on the sofa and wake up to half the day being gone.  He would look around for Sherlock, wondering if he was out on a case and had thoughtfully left him there to sleep.   Then he’d see the dust on Sherlock’s chair – which he didn’t allow anyone to sit in – and he would remember and it would hit him all over again; the vicious cycle beginning its daily round once more.  He couldn’t even sit in his own chair any longer either because the close-up view of Sherlock’s empty chair was just too painful.
Sherlock was holding open the door of a cab, which he had already managed to pull over, his foot tapping impatiently.
"He was a delight, and it was so nice for Sherlock to have some company.  The boys tell me they've spoken to you about Easter?"
“Calm down!  How am I supposed to calm down?  My best friend has only been lying to me and I’ve been walking round like a zombie for weeks having nightmares whilst he’s swanning around having fun without me.”
"Do you know what his name was?"
Luckily for all concerned, at ten past four the phone rang and Sherlock leapt towards it and grabbed the handset.
"Well, the way you worked it all out was amazing."
By the time they called in an air strike to silence the enemy guns and got back to search for you, you were gone.  You can’t be dead, John, you just can’t.  I’d know if you were dead.  Tell me you weren’t as badly injured as they anticipated and you managed to get away and hide from the enemy.  Tell me you weren’t captured and tortured and are lying in a hole somewhere.  Tell me anything, John.
Sherlock came over and snuggled up next to John – cuddling was another one of those things of which Sherlock had found himself unable to get enough.  He was making a lot of these discoveries since he’d been with John.  Things which he’d always thought unnecessary were now as important as air – well, more important, as half the time he considered breathing boring.  John was decidedly not boring; not in any way, shape or form.  The boys lay on John’s bed for an hour, just enjoying each other’s company, before they headed over for the start of Sunday’s drama session.
Your idea concerning having a direct police contact is an intelligent one, so you have already been lifted above the heap of idiocy within which I am usually mired.  I cannot deny that being sober would also make my astute observations be taken more in the manner they deserve so I will consider refraining from further usage until I see how my reactions are received.
“What?  Of course not; why would you think that?  What could you be doing wrong?”
“Oh, well, yes, that’s…, um, thank you.”
Shining Bright
Greg chose wink murder as the next game which would allow them all to play.  He dealt out 19 cards and whoever had the joker was the murderer.  Everyone had to walk around the room maintaining eye contact with each other and the murderer had to wink at someone to kill them without anyone else noticing.  That person would then have to perform a little dying act, collapse on the floor and they were out of the game.  They could wait a few moments to die after they received their wink so as not to immediately give the murderer away.  The others had to try and guess who the murderer was before they were winked at themselves.  If the murderer killed everyone they won and the cards would be dealt again and someone else would be the murderer.  This one was great fun and it was easy to see which the actors were when they had to improvise their death scenes.
“Thanks for all the updates on that everyone.  I think we’re making great strides already.  Right, shall we make a start with the first scene and block out some moves?”
27th April
John’s eyes lit up when he saw Sherlock.  He was wearing a jet black suit with a deep purple shirt of the precise colour that John had known would suit his friend perfectly, and he was right.  Sherlock had got an especially tight one and the way it outlined his body under the jacket looked delicious.  In fact, even though they had just relieved themselves in the shower, he found he already couldn’t wait to get Sherlock back here after the party and strip him out of it.
Sherlock grinned and grabbed John around the top of his legs and put his shoulder into John’s stomach, boosting him up in a fireman’s lift and walking quickly towards the car.
When they landed, half the team went to their base of operations to get everything set up and to start monitoring the building, and John and the remainder of the team went to Sherlock’s accommodation to see if they could find any clues.
Sherlock shook his head in fond exasperation at the look on John’s face and followed him up the stairs.  He couldn’t help the little seed of joy that sprouted within him, though, as he was getting changed.  A real friend and more besides.  Maybe this time he’d actually not try to actively get himself kicked out.  It looked like this place might be worth his time, well maybe not the place, but definitely the company.
“Well, if the shoe fits.”
When the Drama Club announced their next play was going into production though, Sherlock once again realised that the rehearsals were going to sap time away when he could be with John.  He had already decided to sign up to be part of the backstage crew; not wanting to go to the effort of putting on a performance but still wanting to be around John whilst he was spending his evenings rehearsing.  He had yet to inform John of the fact.  He thought that allowing himself to be talked into the venture would earn him points with John and show the other boy that he listened to his ideas.  He was still learning his way in this 'friends' thing but he was trying at least and John appreciated his efforts.
Sherlock laughed.  “What an outdated phrase, John, where on earth did you hear that?”
Sherlock was snapped out of his delightful contemplation at that moment as he was rudely awakened from his dream by being kicked in the thigh.  He banged his head against the bedside table as he toppled off the bed and on to the floor.  His eyes snapped open and he caught sight of John jumping up onto the centre of the mattress, pulling up his pyjamas, before leaping down off the other side, grabbing his clothes and running into Sherlock’s bathroom and slamming the door.
“No way!  I used to read that blog about your crime solving written by Dr Watson.  He said you died.  It was all over the news.”
“Sherlock!  Sherlock, can you hear me?  It’s John.  I’ve come to save you.”
“You say that now, but who knows what would happen in the heightened circumstances of a war zone.”
"Can I have a look at your plans?"
“You sound surprised?”
“Vividly descriptive terminology, John, there was indeed blood involved and yes he is a far distant ancestor.”
"Of course, anything for you."  Charles rooted around in the filing cabinet behind him.  He pulled out the relevant application and showed it to Sherlock who memorised it instantly.
Sally and Anderson picked it up and went off to see the caretaker.  Greg locked the studio door behind them and walked back with Sherlock and John.
“Is that a challenge?”
Sherlock stood off to the side, as he would be off stage for his part, and read out the radio news announcement.  He was already off-book, of course, so he just presented it in his best posh BBC announcer voice.
“That would be brilliant.  I’d love to meet him so I may take you up on that.”
Greg’s legs collapsed under him and it was a good job he was positioned in front of the bed or he would have landed on the floor.  John pulled off and licked him clean, stroking his face until he came back to himself.  Greg’s eyes fell to the floor and he looked almost disappointed.
"Well, that wasn't quite the dull evening I had been expecting."
“Then that’s their loss.  Of course, they may not have seen where that curiosity leads you in the bedroom, and they’re certainly not going to, either, if I have any say in the matter.”
“That goes both ways.  I don’t know what I’d be without you either.  Well, I do know because I’ve been there and it isn’t anywhere I want to go again so it looks like we’re stuck with each other.  John smiled again,” Now, what say you leap up there on the bed while I take the rest of my clothes off without ripping them.”
“Maybe we ought to head back.  The others will be wondering where I am.  Shall we go to the common room; we'll have to pretend to be nothing more than friends, I know, but it's better than nothing?"
The next day Sherlock spent the whole time hanging around in the hall, close to the phone.  He was sure that there must be a phone in the hotel that John would be able to use when his lessons were over for the day.  By the time four o’clock rolled round, Sherlock’s frustration had practically reached its limit.  John must be back by now surely.  Was he not going to ring?  He must have guessed who it was from even though there hadn’t been a card in the box.
John finished his ablutions and returned to the bedroom in his pyjamas.  He climbed into the bed, keeping right over to the opposite side away from Sherlock.
Sherlock and John went outside for some fresh air and a walk round.
"Of course, my idea is the best.  Greg is a mature, intelligent adult and deserves to make his own decision."
“I don’t play.”
John and Sherlock headed off as the police van pulled up at the end of the alley.
“No, it isn’t okay.  I’ve been selfish and I’ve been leaving you on your own too much.  All because of Mary.  I’ll have to learn to balance my time better.  You’re my best friend and I’ve been neglecting you.  I’ll do better, Sherlock, really I will.”
"That was a much vaunted theory but I've looked back over the evidence and he was quite obviously out of the country during the third killing so it couldn't have been him."
"Every kind.  I've already set several up in my room and my brother has arranged for me to have access to the Science Lab equipment as long as I promised not to use it for any explosive experiments."
“Sorry, John.  Of course I don’t want you to leave; why on earth would I?  We’re a team; always have been and, I hope, always will be.  I have to admit that it took me by surprise the first time I heard it; it wasn’t anything I had ever considered for myself before.  When I thought about it though, I knew it couldn’t ever be anyone else but you.  You are always the exception to every rule.”
"I'm sure his mother will want to see him herself.  I would need to speak to her before any decision could be made."
“Well, things haven’t been so great lately but I’m trying to pull myself round.  Everyone keeps telling me to move on so I thought I’d try my hand at something I used to enjoy.”
Sherlock grinned.  “Now, that is a pleasant conundrum.  I am yours to do with as you will, Dr Watson.”
"You're not telling me that no-one has said that to you before, are you?"
“I can tell just from observing you and from seeing how you’ve interacted with everyone over the last week.”
John coughed, looking embarrassed.  “I’m not quite so light on my feet at the moment.”
“I’m sorry, John, you just have a bit of a blood lust frenzy at the moment and I had to stop you before you went too far.”
Sherlock grinned at him and allowed himself to be pulled up before propelling John rapidly towards the exit.
“I love you.”
Chapter One - John
He heard John pause when he opened the fridge – the milk had been spotted then – he may have just assumed it was Mrs Hudson, of course, but at least he’d noticed.  There was another pause after he’d heard John walk across to the tea cupboard.  There had only been a nearly empty box of PG in there so John had obviously been buying whatever was on offer and Mrs Hudson wouldn’t have bought Darjeeling.  That one would set him to thinking a bit.  Sherlock smiled to himself.
“Wow, you’re really good at this.  Have you done it before at your other schools?”  John blushed again; damn, he hadn’t meant to bring that up and seem so nosy.
“Do I?”
14th May
Sherlock sat up, interested.  He had, of course, suspected one of the lab techs had been involved but their alibis had all checked out. He hadn’t had a chance to interrogate them himself yet, as he’d been too busy looking for John.  He’d been forced to wait for Lestrade or, more likely, Mycroft to get back to him with the information but if John knew something that could speed things up, it would be very helpful.
“Of course, darling, you show John where to go and you must take him on a tour as well, though you may only have time to do the house today.  You can show him the rest tomorrow.”
“I think we both know that’s not true, don’t we, John?  It seems that since you have entered his acquaintance, it is something that has reared its ugly head.”
Sherlock sighed.  "Ok, you asked for it.  Your parents are dead and you were raised by a grandparent.  Your surname has a Scottish origin but you didn't go to stay with your father's family, therefore, it was your mother's mother who raised you.  She is from a county on the Welsh border but not actually in Wales - Shropshire, most likely - though you have been accused of being Welsh before.  You have an older sibling to whom you're not very close but share a remarkable resemblance, especially when you were younger.  You're studying medicine here and want to be a doctor and are contemplating joining the army when you're done to pay for your training."
“By all means.  They do say it’s easier to tell things to a stranger because without the personal involvement or any preconceptions it is easier to be objective, so go for it.”
“How did you know that I was a police officer though?”
Sherlock opened John’s mouth and pushed the blood down his arm almost squirting it down John’s throat, trying to get him to swallow enough.  He didn’t know how much it took exactly, but he wanted John to take whatever he could.  He’d almost given up hope when he felt a light pull against his skin as John’s tongue pressed the wound.
“Right, John, what we need to do is take a swab from each item and then we can analyse each one for any trace elements of alcohol, or maybe even a drug of some description.  Isn’t this exciting?”
Sherlock grinned back at him.  "Bring it on.  As I said, it's nice not to have to hold back."
“Done.”  Sherlock passed across his list and Greg could see that he had gone through the whole play scene by scene, adding in every single prop which would be used.
When he was recovered he kissed his way up Sherlock’s neck until he reached his mouth and found Sherlock tasted like him.  It was a bit weird but the added Sherlock flavour could make anything taste good so he didn’t let it stop him.  He pulled back and looked over at Sherlock who looked almost as blissed out as he did himself.
“As am I with you, John.”  Sherlock smiled indulgently, pleased that John was satisfied with what they had and was not actively looking for anything else.  He had noted what John had said earlier though in his comment to Greg and pushed further.  “If you wanted to, however, I would not be completely averse to allowing Lestrade to have another experience of being bitten in a more overtly sexual situation.  As you said yourself, you didn’t really get to enjoy it properly earlier.”
“Thank you for this; for everything.  I love you.”  John looked up at Sherlock who bent forward to capture his lips.
“I don’t know.  I don’t think it’s that because that would have raised my suspicions immediately.  It’ll come back to me, but let’s just be vigilant.”
“You know what this means?  We have a whole evening to ourselves.  Would you like to come up and see my etchings?”
“I think that was the final straw wasn’t it, Julian?  All the little niggling annoyances of Jasmine being popular, and having more money, and still being able to go skiing when you couldn’t, finally culminated in your reaction today.  At the Christmas party, you thought you would get back at her by slipping some of your mother’s tablets – which you had taken last time you were home - into Jasmine’s drink.  The only problem was she didn’t drink it; she gave it to John after his was spilt.  You are very lucky that John has a fast metabolism due to all his sporting activities, and he managed to burn it off quickly, only appearing to be slightly drunk.  I don’t think Jasmine would have escaped so lightly had she ingested it herself, as you hoped.”
“May I ask you a question now?”
"Go on then, tell me how you achieved that amazing feat."
Sherlock and John had actually arranged it so that their mothers would be sitting together for this evening’s performance, to serve this very purpose.  They were watching out for them both to arrive.  Sherlock's family arrived first so they both went down to greet them.
“Sure, Greg, you know that’s a good omen that it will all go well tomorrow.  The rehearsal on Sunday went brilliantly, so you know that everyone knows their parts.  It’s just the jitters before the performance.  Once everyone gets on stage with the audience there, it’ll all come together.”
You, also, are very pleasing to the eye and I find myself curious to examine the lines of differing colour across your skin and see how the texture of those well-defined muscle groups across your abdomen would feel under my fingers and possibly even my tongue.  I wish to fill each of my senses with the knowledge of your body.  Thank you for shaving off the moustache, too, I much prefer my doctors clean shaven.
“He?  Which he do you mean?”
John had flinched when Sherlock’s name was mentioned.  He never said it out loud himself and certainly didn’t want Mycroft to do so – he didn’t deserve to say his name.  Mycroft took in his reaction but carried on.
“Hey, it’s okay.”  John stroked Sherlock’s red cheek.  “I think it’s really sexy that it made you come without even being touched.  It felt bloody wonderful and I can’t wait ‘til I have the chance to show you how it feels.”
He scouted round the area and saw a motor-scooter parked in the yard of the house he knew belonged to the factory manager.  He smirked.  The man would have plenty of other things to worry about than a missing scooter.  He wheeled it down the street and when he’d turned the corner he started it up and headed south.
Three months.  That was how long he had been alone.  Alone and regretful.  If only he’d been able to say something to stop him on that roof.  If only he’d been sharper or quicker or… anything.  If only Sherlock had known that he didn’t have to do this on his own.  If only John had taken the time to tell him…
“Read ‘em and weep, Johnny boy.  A straight flush.”
Sherlock could finally allow himself to think of the real man again because he knew he could now head home.  Every day he had been away the first thought floating through his head when he awoke was about getting back to John.  It would remain there until he allowed himself to remember just one treasured moment and then it was locked away behind the barred door he kept on the ‘John’ wing of his mind palace.
“Are you kidding me?  You know they’re down-right edible.  When I’ve felt them pressing against my neck in a morning, it’s all I can do to stop a full bodied moan of delight which I thought was likely to scare you to death.”
As he straightened the Spencer Hart on his lean frame he felt like he was stepping back into himself.  He smiled to see the once-more recognisable form of Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective staring back.  That was better; now to John.
“You want me to make you come?”
John blushed.  He was a doctor and he knew that there was nothing embarrassing about it and he himself saw patient’s bodies all the time and thought no more of it but he didn’t think he would be able to be quite so objective at having Sherlock seeing his body in the shower like that.  He feared his own body would give him away and Sherlock would be unable to avoid noticing his reaction.
Molly blushed at the praise, she had been generally shy in front of him since Sherlock had joined their group, taking time to get used to him, but she was slowly coming in to her own and relaxing more with him as she did with John and Mike.
“It’s fine, Anthea.  That will be all, thank you.”
“I can speak for myself, thank you very much.  I… Well, that bite was just amazing and I would like to experience that again with a little forewarning this time so I know what I’m expecting.  I wasn’t sure if anything more than that would even be on the table, but if we’re talking about positions then I have to admit I’ve imagined it almost every way possible since I left here the other night.  Saying that, I have always wanted to be able to shut you up so…”
I tilt my head slightly in confusion. "Then why did you—"
I shake my head firmly. "No, you shouldn't have run off without
Sherlock finishes playing with an angry pull of the bow, making a discordant shriek clamor out of the instrument.
is what Sherlock needs.
This time, it's Sherlock to speak.
And then there is that new type of morning that starts slowly, warmth enveloping you when you open your eyes to see that face you adore to the tips of your toes.
The doctor's other steady hand came to rest on his other cheek, cupping his face, and he tilted his head up. "Sherlock," he breathed.
And, because you can, you wrap both your arms and legs around your doctor's strong frame with all the hidden strength you possess.
I mean anyone bar myself." The detective pulls out the dead man's wallet as he speaks, opening it. "The rather alarming amount of photographs in this man's wallet is practically an autobiography in itself. However, no pictures of the wife, so who could these be? Too young to be a girlfriend, as she's barely out of college. I suppose it would be possible, however, it is highly unlikely. His type? Her looks? She wouldn't go for a man like him. Daughter, then, judging by the resemblance in the nose and mouth. But she's too old to have been our deceased and his wife's daughter, since she's clearly around twenty-four and they've only been married for approximately twenty. This extra family member was found out by the wife—and possibly the husband, not sure—in the past year. Look at the state of the photographs. Very few dog-eared edges and printed on new paper. He didn't have these until the breakup. Which means he probably found out about the girl at the same time as the wife." Jumping over the body, he leans closer and motions to Lestrade. "Smell his jacket. Seem familiar? No? Of course not. It's the light fragrance of a younger woman, not the heavy, musky smell a woman of his age uses. This perfume belonged to his daughter. And I know who you're looking for, as we passed her on our way in. I recognized the scent."
I'm relying on the internet for any medical information, and we all know how reliable that is, so please excuse any glaring problems OR let me know how to improve them. -C
I've got the water going by the time he shuffles in, hugging himself.
My anger lessens. This is the first, and probably only, time Sherlock has ever spoken to me in an even remotely sentimental way. And I've learned something.
"I guess you'd better hop up there, then."
Sometimes, when he's speaking, saying something dull and normal, your mind locks the words in a loop inside your head, mulling over and embracing the honeyed phrases until you can feel yourself drowning.
I let a few days go by before I bring it up. Things are off, and I have the feeling they have been since he came back.
The detective had really scrambled the guy's brains when he knocked Harold out. He had to be taken to the hospital to check for severe head trauma.
John shifted so he sat cross-legged as well, mirroring Sherlock's pose. He dropped his hands to the detective's hips and lightly tugged. "Come here," he said gently.
"When is someone going to do something brilliant, John?" he whines, staring out the window at the rapidly passing scenery.
"Then why would you ask something like that?"
"You look ridiculous," Sherlock mutters, tugging at the doctor's jumper.
There is only Sherlock Holmes.
"This is a turn-up, isn't it, Sherlock?"
Sherlock wasn't sure what he had expected. He'd never really kissed someone before. Not the way he knew John was going to kiss him. Pecks on the lips, cheeks; that, he was used to. He'd never wanted anything more. But as John's lips brushed his, he wanted
John is there, trailing a thumb across your damp cheek, murmuring quiet words that you can't make sense of. You see his face and realize he's distressed. You bring yourself together enough to understand what he's saying.
Then the snow starts to fall.
His face becomes empty again, only a touch of disquiet showing in his eyes. "Do stop apologizing."
The night before rushes back and he grins.
His head snaps up and his eyes bore into mine with an unnamable emotion. "Is it?" he asks, tone nearly mocking. "Because people seem to think it's a lot more than that."
He realized right then that he was going to come without John laying a hand on his cock.
PLEASE comment and let me know your thoughts on this chapter. -C
Sherlock is silent as I poke and prod at his ribs once more. I fear at least one of them might be cracked again. He still has an angry red print from the man's boot on his pale chest. He has sensitive skin. The stupid purple shirt had been a bloody pain to get off of him without hurting too terribly, and the idiot wouldn't let me cut it.
Sherlock let go.
"I'm going to die, John."
Sherlock doesn't respond, but stares out the dark window in the other room.
John, but did you even bother to
Sherlock shakes his head. His one sexual encounter had consisted of him topping and barely reaching orgasm. There hadn't been any pleasure in it. He had wanted to be in control, then. But now, with John, he is more than willing to trust his friend to take care of him.
"I know I said I don't know why I waited up for you," John says, skimming his lips across his chest to the other nipple, "but I think it had something to do with this."
Your eyes follow his hands as he softly undresses you, quiet touches marking his progress. He pulls your trousers off in agonizingly slow movements and you let your head loll back against his pillow, catching a whiff of John Watson embedded there.
I'm ready!" he cries, voice broken and pleading as he moves down against my hand.
My heart clenches because I know he means it. If it were between my life and his, he'd choose me. He'd always choose me.
Pause.
He's watching the telly.
I grin brokenly. "I know." I'm slightly distracted by the little wrinkles between his brows. "You're adorable."
By the time I've made it to the bathroom, Sherlock has done what I've asked and is wearing a loose pair of pyjama pants, slung so low on his hips that a slight V is visible. Where the man's muscle comes from, I've no clue.
Then he was afraid.
The detective falls silent.
He loosens the buttons on his uniform jacket and you need to hold out a hand. So you do. He comes to you, your savior.
John reached into the dressing gown's pocket and found everything he needed. Sherlock had come prepared. As the man in his arms tried desperately to pull him closer, John put his needs on the back burner and reassessed again.
going on.
Sherlock moved so quickly, John had to jolt back to avoid a face full of the consulting detective. He positioned the cushions beneath the lithe body and eased Sherlock back down.
Sherlock turns on him. "Why does this matter so much to
I release a sigh. "Was there really anything else to tend to? Or was that just an excuse—"
A moment's hesitation, then Sherlock starts playing a graceful melody on the finely tuned instrument.
Surprise, anger, and games.
It's what a person gets for loving someone as madly neurotic as Sherlock Holmes. You can't have the good without the bad. Sometimes the bad outweighs the good, but the brilliant times always make it worth it in the end. He'd been given a second chance—a
After Afghanistan and before Sherlock, I had convinced myself that life from then on would be filled with empty days. Going through the motions, but not really
"We're fine, Mrs. Hudson," I reassure.
Hands. What does one do with their hands?
to last a lifetime.
He doesn't look up. "Cartilage."
John is unbuttoning your trousers amidst the chuckles and you forget to be anxious. Instead, you wrap your arms around his shoulders and cling to him as you let your nervousness manifest itself in the laughter spilling from you. John is still smiling when he pushes down the fabric from your hips, taking the pants underneath along with the trousers. Your giggles are abruptly caught off with a quick intake of breath as his hand rests against your heated skin, curling his fingers until he's holding you in the palm of his hand. Your cock jumps and quivers beneath his touch as he slowly, slowly strokes you. The amount of heavy breathing you're doing is sure to make you hyperventilate at some point, but you can't stop.
"Goodbye, John."
pathetic), and after all that time, you're finally beginning to like the idiosyncrasies that had always infuriated you before.
He hums slightly, nuzzling a sensitive spot in your neck.
"Why are you telling me this?" I know perfectly well why he's telling me this.
Sherlock leaned down until their foreheads almost touched, his dark curls tickling John's brow. "No."
John's breath skitters across pale cheekbones. "You have me," he whispers.
What he saw on that beloved face crippled him. Wonder, relief, hope, innocence. It was all there. Every last drop of emotion Sherlock kept from the outside world was bleeding into every pore of his skin in front of John, rapidly letting the walls fall away until he was just a man, until they were two men sitting in their living room floor about to do something that would shatter the walls of friendship.
The hospital makes us stay.
I let out an unimpressed chuckle and begin slowly putting pressure on each of his ribs, noting Sherlock's reaction to each.
"Oh, Christ."
"I'll burn the
Sherlock retrieves another glass from the kitchen, then takes the bottle from the floor and pours himself a generous amount. "Yes."
So far, the only connection between the two are where Sherlock's hand is touching and John is gripping Sherlock's wrist. "You, with your fucking inordinately protective deeds and singing in the bloody damn shower. What did you expect?"
Hands pressing into his hipbones, I urge him into a steady rhythm of him lifting off and then back onto me. A nearly ceaseless low sound is vibrating out of Sherlock as he moves. I start moving with him, moving up to his down, and he cries out my name so desperately that it sends me hurtling to a point I had no idea I was so close to reaching.
and you're not sure if that's something people normally think about someone they want to have sex with, but you are Sherlock Holmes and what the rest of the world does doesn't matter because you have John who understands you completely.
Inhale.
Sherlock's nose scrunches. "That was hideous."
I breathe in myself. "Yes, I know. And it's going to be a while before it's better. You need to stay home and rest those bones."
So I settle back against the bed and bring the mug to my lips, listening as London awakens outside. Later, Sherlock will be back to his whirlwind self, dashing about the flat in want of a case, petulant over Lestrade's incompetence.
"Oh," the lithe man sighs.
I hold him as his ribcage shudders and shivers wrack his body, soothing him with fingertips against silken skin until he drifts off into a merciful sleep.
A fall to save a life. Three lives, really, but only one that mattered. Only one that left him cold and empty and
His hand clenches down on my shoulder as our lips crash together, thumb digging almost painfully into the scar there. I'm beyond caring as I bring an unsteady hand to cup his smooth jaw.
Sherlock actually chuckles, then quickly stops at the miserable pain that jolts his system.
My face shifts to a concerned frown. "I don't like it when you run off without at least letting me know what's going on."
He wonders what happened to the doctor. He used to be so...
"It's so much," he's whispering. Our chests are pressed together and I have both hands on his face, stroking the dark skin beneath his eyes. "Everything is just," he waves an arm helplessly, "
"It's…quiet," he says finally.
His shoulders shudder, curls quivering against his forehead. It takes me a moment to realize he's laughing. Bitter. Empty. Hollow.
He glances around the room quickly, tension radiating from him. "My head. The flat. The street. Everything. John!" His eyes snap up to mine. The panic I read there does nothing to calm my nerves. "What's wrong with me?"
I let out the breath I'd unknowingly been holding. "So you're not actually dying?"
Before I can ask what that something is, he's out of the flat and on the street. I jog to catch up and we get in a cab.
No. Nope. Taking a profound breath, I quickly shove that day away into the deepest recesses of my mind.
"Would you stop staring?" he says, harsh voice slicing into the lazy air.
" I interject, finally pulling my hand through that silky mess covering his head. "Tell me what you want to do."
"Gottle o' geer."
Some of you may be hoping I start this bit by saying I chased after Sherlock and shagged him dry.
, Sherlock. Do you even understand what that means to normal people? To me? You were what brought me out of that hellhole I had to call a life and gave me purpose again by running around London solving murders. Then that was
Following him, I ask, "Why not?"
I move his legs from my shoulders and he hooks his ankles together behind my back as I reapply another generous amount of lube to my hand. It's a relief when I finally touch myself, letting a little of the pressure that had become nearly unbearable ebb away, but it's quickly not enough. I line myself up before grabbing Sherlock's trembling wrist.
The detective and the doctor sit in a nondescript car on the side of a street, watching the inky, looming building ahead, as the clouds spit snow like down feathers from a world-weary pillow. It is cold, but necessary to keep the engine off. The taller man is unusually susceptible to chilled air, and his hands have been near numb through his gloves for several minutes.
There's more curse words in that sentence than John has ever heard Sherlock speak at once, and he wonders distantly if a filter has been shut off somewhere.
She smiles. "Hello, John. Sherlock. Greg." With a quiet movement, she pulls the covering off of the man on her slab to allow Sherlock to examine it.
His movements are frantic.
He slowly,
The detective glances at the mess at my feet and then up at me. "Mycroft's condition has made the inevitable, tangible."
Lestrade had shown up (we had fortunately been mostly dressed already) to let us know they had suspects in our attempted murder that they were holding in custody. He needed us to identify them.
And if I cry that night, no one ever need know, because there is no proof.
"How many layers do you need?" Sherlock says, frustrated as he stares at the button-down below the jumper.
that he's struggling with, so I nod and brush my lips against his chin, nose, eyes, neck, collarbone, sternum. It distracts him enough to push in a little further, just to the point where I can angle differently and hit his prostate…
Sebastian Wilkes gets arrested for embezzling (I'm slightly disappointed that Sherlock wasn't the one to take him down, but hey).
He picks out the word in the amount of time it would have taken you to write a sentence complaining about his slow typing.
with the berk sitting beside me.
Sherlock was obviously inexperienced in this area. He was unbelievably tight. John continually brushed against the tall man's prostate, other hand on a slender hip as Sherlock thrust continually against his fingers.
He hums. "Yes, but I'm quite sure you can attest to the fact that my arse is one of my finer…
out of you."
Sherlock hums, intently tapping away at his mobile.
John took a deep breath.
I'm not even sure what
take his last breath and leave me alone in a small flat on Baker Street.
He does, and I begin massaging the shampoo into his riotous curls, careful not to let any get into his eyes. Those pale irises are hidden by his eyelids as he lets them fall shut, and he tentatively brings his hands up to grip my biceps.
I stand for a moment, a disposable razor man myself, going over all the steps to this process. I've had to do this before, shave another man's face, in the army, and I worked in a small barber's shop as a teenager, so I know what I'm doing. Sherlock probably deduced all that before selecting me for the task.
It's something nonsensical, but he seems to enjoy it. You are perched on the sofa beside him, watching as he laughs about some sort of dodgy joke. He has his arm propped agains the back of the sofa behind you. The distance between you is smaller than it has ever been before, and you've decided that you'll let him know tonight. Maybe right when he's laughing about another humorous statement. Maybe when it's drifted off to the evening news and his eyes are getting sleepy. Perhaps you'll wait until he stands to go to bed and you'll follow him to the bottom of the stairs.
Yes, living with Sherlock Holmes definitely has its perks.
Sherlock looks down again, just in case the problem has miraculously made itself scarce.
I jog to catch up, nearly missing the cab Sherlock had hailed, and enter. "You know, sometimes it might be nice if you waited."
Sherlock's face is confused and perhaps even hurt, if I use enough imagination.
He suddenly looks slightly uncomfortable. "Well, I…ah, well I just thought that with everything that's happened you two would—"
I think, but don't say. Instead, "Always. To which time were you referring?"
I stand. "What would you have me to wear?"
listen." Suddenly the quiet resentment isn't enough. Slamming the mug onto the counter, I step closer. "You
If my eyebrows could have shot up any farther, they wouldn't be on my head anymore. "And you're
John just watches him a moment, smile still in place, thumbs brushing soothing half-moons on the detective's cheekbones. Placing a slow, chaste kiss on those bow lips, he pulls back and stands up, holding out a hand. "Come on."
A small, genuine smile tilts his mouth upwards. "Please."
"Interesting." He continues adjusting strings.
I pick up my papers again. "Then there's no need to ever ask that again, is there?"
They're close now, the air between them charged. There's a step between them neither is willing to take, not tonight. Perhaps not ever.
John steps through the front door earlier than expected, and you decide he must be the single perfect human being you have seen. You don't know when exactly, but sometime between you sending those texts and John walking up those stairs, your mood had shifted. Perhaps it had something to do with John texting you through the entire ceremony, or the last message that simply said:
"I may be on the side of the angels…"
"John, John I—"
Without hesitation, the watcher jabs a needle into the man's arm and watches as the startled expression relaxes to one of confused disillusionment. "I believe you can, doctor."
Lean arms gripped him tighter and he felt those gorgeous lips stretch into a smile. "Can we go to bed now?"
"I know that you've been trying to sum up the courage all day to talk to me about something." The detective stares at the liquid in his tumbler as he speaks.
"What is it, Mycroft?"
John is already gone when he leaves the confines of his bedroom.
I'm still telling myself this as I make tea and Sherlock continues to pout over his missing skull.
a minute before, had been tortured,
Stop.
to Lestrade how the crime had played out—
On the fourth day, while John is still at work, Sherlock receives a text from Lestrade and leaves the flat without a second thought.
"JohnJohnJohnJohn."
I see his lips curl into a smile behind his cup as he takes a posh sip. Pale eyes meet mine, and then we're chuckling—no,
His voice is muffled and I hear him throwing clothes about in his room. The man really has a ridiculous amount of disguises. "You'll figure something out."
"You have to relax," I sooth, rubbing my other hand against the outside of his thigh briefly. "Take a deep breath and let it out slowly."
Why does that surprise him?
Neither of us says more than five words while we're there, and once we have left, I'm more than ready to go home and go to bed. Sherlock stares pointlessly out the window and my wishes change to hoping Lestrade calls with a difficult case so Sherlock pulls himself out of this mood.
He keeps his eyes latched with the doctor's deep indigo ones, looking for direction, for guidance.
I smirk. Typical Mycroft.
But these are just the musings of a silent passerby. We already know this pair.
He buries his face in my shoulder, pressing so firmly I am sure he'll crack his nose, and for the shortest of moments I believe he is fighting back tears.
He looks at me as I enter the room. "Lestrade's timing is most advantageous."
Sucking in a deep breath, I set aside the notepad. "Do you really think I would stay with you if you truly annoyed me?"
He turns to me, finally. He looks agitated and restless in a way that could lead to a much worse night than it is right now.
Mycroft sends a car to collect us.
The sitting room is bathed in silvery moonlight. It streaks across the floor and bounces off the shinier bits of furniture. There, sitting in my chair, rests Sherlock. He's the palest thing in the room, bare chest washed out by the bright light illuminating his skin. The way he's sitting is abnormal for the man. Normally, he'd have his fingers steepled lightly below his chin, leaning forwards slightly, spine completely straight.
His eyes narrow slightly. "Unlike your past lovers, I'm afraid I do not possess the knowledge of how one is to act the 'morning after.'" The air quotes are heavily implied.
"And honey, you should see me in a crown."
"No, I'm not talking about the bloody ribs, you idiot!" I blurt.
You decide to let him know.
The day a little over two months ago is forever burned inside my brain. I had punched him, screamed at him, called him every name in the book, then collapsed in a heap on the couch, wondering if I truly had gone mad. If it was all a horribly taunting nightmare. But it hadn't been, and Sherlock had apologized briefly but with feeling for leaving me for so long.
With a hand in his hair, I ease him down on top of me, trying to share my body heat.
There are mornings when a certain DI barges into your flat telling you that your flatmate has, once again, gotten himself into a shit-load of trouble.
A little crease forms between his brows. "I already told you—"
The force of it sends ripples flickering through the remaining whiskey in his glass.
he bellows, taking a step closer.
He shakes his head against mine, so I do.
You wish he would just stay home with you. There are so many different things you two haven't gotten around to trying yet.
Okay, carry on my wayward sons. (Sorrynotsorry for that SPN reference.)
have a gun pointed at his chest at the time.
His mind, constantly pulling apart the fabrics of life itself until it drives its owner over the edge. Addictions, crimes; they are temporary relief at best.
We're both silent a moment.
"I'll
Sherlock's legs part to allow me to move between them so I can reach his face better, and I immediately realize that this entire situation is going to get really hot, really quickly if I'm not careful. The last thing we need is for me to get all hot and bothered while holding a blade to my flatmate[insert term "lover" here?]'s throat.
John breaks the kiss. "
"We still don't have any evidence."
Thin lips press against full ones, gently separating them to gain admittance for a warm tongue. Sherlock moans and lets out a little breathy gasp, opening his jaw wider and gripping John's upper arms. Subconsciously, he tightens his legs around the shorter man's waist and they bump together.
Sherlock looks wounded. "You're so suspicious, John." Then his legs are bumping up against the table and he's pulling John closer.
them together.
"Hold on, isn't that my—"
"Nothing, Sherlock. Nothing. You're okay." I crouch down so that I'm looking up at him. His eyes are boring into mine as if I'm a lifeline and a selfish part of me savors that feeling. "It's peace. That's all you're feeling. Your mind is giving you a break."
The cab pulls up to the curb outside 221 Baker Street and we exit. Mrs. Hudson is just inside the door, waiting. "Sherlock, you have a guest."
Are we truly okay? Is
"Something wrong?" I ask, pulling on my heavier jacket as the sun has yet to warm the streets of London.
tea and the ridiculous blog titles and this infuriating habit he's developed of tugging on the cuff of your coat when he's trying to get your attention.
The detective nods as if this only confirmed his earlier suspicions.
of a skull!"
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "I shouldn't have run off without letting you know where I was going."
has been too much. One too many times of almost losing him. "You and your fucking smoking habits! You were going to make me watch you die again!"
Suddenly, there's a wild tangle of dark curls and long limbs rushing forward and ploughing into him, nearly knocking the breath from his lungs.
Sarah flirts.
And then, because I desperately need to, I kiss him.
He reaches down and reclaims his cup, taking a sip and staring aimlessly into the fire. I watch him for a moment before resting my head on my hand and allowing my eyes to drift shut.
There hasn't been a case in several days, and London is hideously boring. You had stretched out on the sofa in your pyjamas three hours before and listened as John shuffled around the flat before finally settling down in front of his laptop. Now, the constant
John still comes along for cases, when asked to. It's just this sudden obsession with insisting he know where his flatmate is at all times. What
I'm not sure whether he let the sentence drop because he was finished with it, or because I'd started gently rubbing his shoulders. As I feel his body slowly start to relax, I move my fingers up to his temples, brushing aside silky hair in the process, and gently push little swirling circles onto his skull. Finally, Sherlock's body seems to go limp as he leans back and collapses against my chest. He turns his face into my neck and breathes in.
"Everything."
Your hands have begun to explore, running cautiously over his chest, past the slight hardness of his nipples, down his soft middle.
It's not crippling this time, as he's obviously been functioning quite well up to this point. He's able to move about, able to think. It's not his worse, but it is certainly not his best.
He stimulates and teases your nipples until you are actively holding back moans.
Sherlock mirrors John's movements, and leans against the back of the sofa, drawing the doctor with him. The new position causes John to shift in the taller man's lap and Sherlock breaks the kiss with a gasp.
To one of the uniforms rushing about, it would appear that the shorter is revealing some clandestine secret to the detective. The former lets out a snort of indignation at whatever the now-grinning doctor had said. Inappropriate behavior for a crime scene, but these two have been defying social niceties since the day they met.
he had just felt was unlike any high he'd ever experienced.
I see my attacker sprawled out on the floor outside the bathroom, unconscious. At least…I hope he's unconscious. Sherlock must have pulled him out of the small room in order to get to me.
"Mrs. Hudson, I do believe you should start getting your affairs in order."
I hate myself for not realizing it from the beginning.
Sherlock continues. "Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson—I would have done it for them. I would have jumped if it were just the two of them. But you..." The great detective looks away. "You were the one that made me panic. Moriarty threatened you once again and I
"Are you alright?"
He doesn't answer and I begin to wonder if he's even aware that I've entered the room.
Just as he steps out the door, his phone vibrates again.
I press a kiss to the side of his knee. "Okay."
Things are fairly normal for the next few days. We get notified via government car kidnapping that Mycroft is officially in remission. Lestrade calls in with a few cases, and Sherlock selects a few from the blog. Mrs. Hudson hovers, Sherlock complains, and I work interference when it looks like the detective is about to start throwing things.
"Because you seem quite turned on right now and it doesn't seem to be bothering you."
“You wouldn’t have had to do this thing without me because you wouldn’t have been here.”
Sherlock was more pleased than he could say that John had picked up on their themes.  He was glad he had taken the time to encourage a love of classical music in John and to teach him about the nuances of each instrument and its many voices.  It was something that he cared about so deeply and it meant everything to have someone with whom to share the emotions.
Sherlock asked another question and John jumped straight in with a correct answer.  His eyes trailed up and down Sherlock’s body with delight and settled on the exact place Sherlock had guessed John was going to choose first.
“I am, indeed, aware of your capabilities, John; your skills have never been in question.”
“I was being sarcastic,” Greg smiled.  “Saying that, though, Dimmo is a bit of a delicate flower and takes offence very easily.  If you can solve crimes as quickly as he said – and judging by the way you nailed us so quickly, I can well believe it - you should help me instead.”
John started off by lying down on top of Sherlock and brushing his body against Sherlock’s own to heighten the sensations of cloth against bare skin.  He kissed Sherlock’s face, moving from forehead to chin and lingering under the jaw, knowing how Sherlock loved it when he nibbled the skin travelling from there to behind his ear.  John sucked a love bite just behind Sherlock’s ear and then proceeded to lay a trail down to the root of his neck and across the top of as much of his shoulder as he could reach with Sherlock’s arms raised above his head.
"That's great, thanks Sherlock.  Well, would you like to start right in then and read the part now as those are the first lines to begin the play."
“That’s true; you worked out quite a list, didn’t you?  So we won’t be able to do anything else this term as Sunday was our last get-together with them all.  We’ll have to start afresh with the new term.”
Sherlock led them down to breakfast, knowing John would need sustenance even though he wasn't usually bothered for himself.  They were down early enough to avoid most of the guests, who were still in bed.  Only Mycroft was already at the table in the grand dining hall and, after a brief groan at the sight of him, Sherlock showed John where the warming dishes were, and encouraged him to help himself.  John nodded Sherlock towards the food, so Sherlock eventually took a piece of toast, once he had bestowed an almighty eye roll and sigh upon John first.  When they sat down, it was at the opposite end of the long table to Mycroft.
Can’t Fight The Moonlight
The pair of them collapsed against each other, breaths heaving, and sighing as they came down.  Sherlock swivelled round when he'd recovered and kissed John gently and grinned at him.
John was happier than he thought he had ever been.  He knew how hard it was for Sherlock to talk about feelings but he had done it for John.  He took him into his arms and kissed him deeply, revelling in having this man back in his life and having so much more to look forward to as they went through it together.  They only stopped when Sherlock let out a little cry of pain and John realised he had pressed too hard on Sherlock’s damaged ribs.  He sprang back.
John lay down properly on the bed and Sherlock pulled the cover further around him as he didn’t seem to be complaining about the heat anymore.  His eyelids were heavy and Sherlock knew it wouldn’t be long until John dropped off to sleep.
He would definitely have to avoid Tuesdays.  There was no way he was putting himself in such close proximity to Sherlock as sharing a room.  Who knew what might happen with this hanging over them?  He would just have to make plans with Mary on those nights and keep himself busy.  That was fine.  That would work.  This was just a momentary aberration.  He liked girls; of course he did.  He had Mary and that was all he needed.
“Well, good.  I’m glad they got there in time, at least.  I did speak very seriously to the Post Mistress about the importance of the package and how careful they ought to be with the contents.”
Sunday afternoon found the whole cast and crew assembled in the Drama Studio ready for the table read.  Sally and Anderson had arrived early and set the room up with a very professional look; the tables arranged in a large square with water jugs and cups on each side and pens and paper spaced all round for everyone to make notes.  Greg was sat at the head of the table with Sally next to him.
Whilst Sherlock was distracted John pulled open his bedside drawer and reached in for one of the items he had hidden there before he’d left for their walk.  He waited until he had sucked a pretty mark on the skin and Sherlock had his eyes shut, moaning loudly before he stroked down Sherlock’s side with the long feather in his hand.  He grinned as the moan quickly changed into a squeal as Sherlock almost bucked him off as he tried to squirm away from John.
“Much.”  John laughed and pulled him back down again.  He put his finger to his bottom lip.  “Now I believe you were about here.”
“Right, good.  You know it makes sense.”
John dropped his hands to undo the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt and Sherlock quickly followed suit, wanting to see what he had been touching.  John got to the bottom first and pulled the material open, sliding his hands down along the edge, touching the v-shape of skin as it was revealed.  As his hands moved back up again he brushed his thumbs across Sherlock’s nipples and loved the way his eyes shut and his head fell back as he moaned at the sensation.
He moved over so that he was lying comfortably on his back though he still made sure to allow plenty of room for Sherlock.  The bed was reasonably soft and very spacious and it felt nice to be able to stretch out properly after several nights of sleeping in a chair.  He cleared his throat to warn Sherlock that the nightmares from which he had thought himself cured had returned after he thought Sherlock dead but Sherlock beat him to it.
John slid Sherlock’s coat off, quickly moving on to unfastening the buttons on his shirt.  Sherlock undid his cuffs to help things along and John was soon pushing the shirt off as well.  Sherlock’s skin glowed in the moonlight coming in through John’s window and it caused John to pause his previous frenzy and instead he tenderly traced over the surface, following each trail with his tongue and placing gentle kisses on the moonlit skin.  When John’s tongue traced over the edge of his nipple Sherlock shivered and sucked in a deep breath and as quickly as that it seemed that a switch had been flicked in John and once again he was desperate for anything he could reach.  Where his tongue and lips had been gentle his teeth now sought dominance and John dragged them over the skin, pressing a trail with them and sucking the skin into his mouth, wanting to leave his mark on Sherlock and cover as much of him as he could.
Sherlock was greatly enjoying his new relationship with John.  It wasn't something he had done before; not really having friends, let alone something more, but now he had John and, by extension, John's friends Mike and Molly as they all seemed to hang out together all the time.  Sherlock had no problem with John having other friends as long as he got to spend plenty of time with him himself, but he had to admit he was smugly pleased that his plan to get Mike hooked up with a girlfriend had succeeded.  Mike and Molly had really hit it off which kept the dynamic of their little group happy and their dating certainly freed up a bit of time for John and Sherlock to spend on their own.
10th November
“Everyone help yourselves.  Here’s to a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all of us.”
“Sure.  Do you want me to go and tell Greg?”
“You’re probably full of disease now, that’s what.”
“Does Sherlock know?”
“Didn’.  Was your fault anyway.  Bet you’d do it, too.”
“Doing what, John?”
John was already dripping wet and chilled through by the time he got to the tube and the joy of his day was just cemented when he saw the barriers up announcing the station was closed for maintenance and to please use the replacement bus service instead.  He looked round for the temporary stop and there was a bus already there, the last person just getting on board.  He had just reached the door when it closed in his face and the driver looked out and shook his head, pointing to how full the bus was and shrugging his shoulders.  John stepped back from the kerb, the rain dripping down his wet forehead into his eyes, just hoping that the service was frequent and he wouldn’t have to wait too long.
Sherlock relented and pressed down on John's prostate and enjoyed the shiver he got in return.  He added another finger and, when that was moving easily, another as well, driving John crazy.
“Was that a fancy way of saying you’ve been googling stuff and watching porn.”
They rubbed against each other, revelling in the feel of the other’s warmed skin against their own.  They continued where they had left off in their kissing earlier.  John’s arms settled comfortably around Sherlock’s neck, pulling him down so that he could reach.  Sherlock’s own arms rested on John’s hips, drawing small circles against his skin.  John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, he loved the feel of the silky strands, and now he was going to take the opportunity to do even more.  He squeezed some shampoo onto his hands and turned Sherlock under the water so that he got his hair wet.  He got him to tilt his head back so that John could lather it up and wash it for him.  He rinsed it all off when he was done and was then given a bottle of expensive conditioner – only the best for Sherlock, it seemed.  John went through the whole process again, gently massaging it in, to make the hair really soft.
“That’s cheating.”  John grinned.
“Hey, Doc.  Long time no see.  What are you doing over this end of town?  I thought he said you weren’t getting involved in this one.”
"Petty, Sherlock, really."
“What exactly do you have planned, Sherlock?”
John had one hand on Sherlock’s thighs to stop him thrusting up too strongly as Sherlock tried to raise his hips off the bed with each swipe of John’s tongue.  His other hand slid up Sherlock’s body, zeroing in on his nipples which he squeezed and teased with alternating pressures, not letting Sherlock get too used to any one motion; keeping him off guard and bringing him closer to the edge with each sweep.
“She only asked you out to make that tall boy over there jealous.”  Sherlock pointed over to the far wall with his head.
“Well, we have another fifteen days to make the most of it, so let’s enjoy it whilst we can.”  Sherlock wriggled his hips again.
He had to admit that the anticipation of what lay ahead was also a big part of his sleeplessness.  He kept re-playing that message in his head.  Now that he had been made aware of his own feelings in the matter he really wanted to find out exactly what John had meant by ‘still’.  Was it something that had a possibility of actually happening?  He wasn’t the most adept at these emotion things, but he knew he could rely on John to know what to do – the man had certainly had enough girlfriends to know how these things worked.
“He is.  I’ve always loved his voice; so comforting.  What do you think then?”
"The Mousetrap, eh?  I remember going to see that in London many moons ago, an excellent mystery and one that's been running for years, if I remember rightly."
Sherlock looked a bit worried for a moment until he saw the teasing smile on John’s face and the side of his mouth quirked slightly as he tried to hide his own grin.
“You’ve been away a long time, Sherlock.  It seems to bring out emotion in everyone, does it not?”
What should he do now?  Should he text back – would Billy know what was going on or answer him even?  Or should he go to Billy’s ‘usual place’ and see if he was there?  He knew where that was and could probably get more information with direct questioning.  Plus, he would be able to observe Billy’s reactions and see exactly what he meant.  He obviously wasn’t as good as Sherlock, but he had picked up hints on visual observations under his tutelage and hoped he would be able to get to the bottom of this mystery.
Sherlock blushed and dropped his eyes as he replied.
“Don’t bother telling me your alarm code.  It will be abysmally easy to guess as usual.”
"Do it."
"That is the truth, Greg.  My wounds were fatal and Sherlock decided he couldn't live without me so he turned me into a vampire and I've been spending the last seven weeks learning how to control my new abilities.  Here, watch this."
John sighed, "Come on then, next question."
“Being away from you was the hardest thing I’ve ever done.  Seeing those pictures of you that Mycroft sent – you just looked so sad that I wanted to come straight back to you, but I couldn’t put your life at risk.  It showed me just how much you meant to me.  It isn’t something I’ve ever felt before, but I realised it, too… I love you, John.”
"Mummy, as you are going away for Easter, as usual, I was wondering whether I might be allowed to invite John over to stay for part of the holidays, please?"
"Someone had to stay to make sure you were okay.  If anyone kicks up a fuss we can just say I sat up awake in the chair all night, they'll believe me capable of it."
The other boy grinned at him.  “We seem to be forming a mutual appreciation society.”  He looked down at the floor then raised his head, a little unsure.  “Do you think we could play it together?”
He and John were in their final year, having started their A Levels together despite there being almost a full year difference between their ages.  Sherlock had graduated well ahead of everyone else in his class even though he, technically, should have been in the year below as his birthday was on the first of September and the cut-off point for the school year was usually the thirty-first of August.  John’s birthday was the seventh of September so he was the oldest in their year, having already had his eighteenth birthday on the second day of term.
‘Hi, it’s John.  If you’re ringing about the wardrobe advertised in the paper, it’s already been sold, sorry.  If this is a journalist, I have absolutely nothing to say to you so please don’t call again.  If it’s Greg then I’ll see you at the usual time on Tuesday; if you get there first, make mine a Guinness, please.  If it’s anyone else, you know what to do; please leave a message after the beep.  PS.  If this is Sherlock reaching out from the Great Beyond – because, let’s face it, if anyone could do it, it would be you – you’re a complete dick for leaving me alone like this, but I still love you.’
“That building behind the house is the gym and indoor pool which opens out on to the sunken garden and gazebo.  Over there by the lake is the boathouse.  The building this side of the fountain is the garage and the one over the far side is the stables.  Have you been riding before?  We'll have to go out whilst you're here"
John read all his lines well and, as he had been practising with Sherlock, he added a bit of a military tone and crispness to his lines which really carried it off with flair.  Sherlock thought he sounded very good and his lip quirked as he caught John's eye.  They made it through smoothly to the end and everyone seemed very pleased with the result.
John’s lip twitched up again.  “Well, thanks.  I’ll keep that in mind now that I know non-drooling is the allowable margin for your criteria.”
This time Sherlock held on to John’s thighs as he bent in and swiped his tongue across the tip, dipping right into the slit and tasting the little droplet.  He rolled it around in his mouth, tasting every flavour, almost analysing it John imagined.  He quickly went back for more and licked his way all round the head, seeing which parts made John shudder and focusing on them for a few moments before trying somewhere else.
“John, can you hear me?  Are you okay?  Have they given you something?”
“I’ll look forward to it then.”
Sherlock gave a rueful shrug.  “I’m glad I said it because it’s true, John; I am thankful for you.”
9th October
Sherlock smiled shyly.
Sherlock followed Jenkins down the middle aisle, swerving his body as he tried to avoid the obstacles being pulled out in front of him.  John  went left and ran straight down to the end, trying to beat them to the bottom as he had a clear path except for the staff who were helpfully keeping out of his way after they heard Sherlock shouting 'Police' as he made his way past them.
“That’s not what people usually say.”
Sherlock sighed.  “I don’t bite, John.”  Then he grinned wickedly before adding, “Well, not unless you ask me nicely anyway.”
They walked all around the building and then went back in and got settled down again for the technical read-through.  Sally and Anderson both had their notebooks out this time, ready to jot down anything they thought they might need for their production.  There was a store room where all the furniture and props from previous productions were kept and they were allowed access to anything they needed from that.  The drama department also had a store of costumes which they should be able to adapt if necessary or they could make their own.
“Do you want me to unwrap your bandages so that you can take a shower this morning?”
“You probably wouldn’t be getting kidnapped without me, so I doubt it would be an issue.”
“Well, that went a lot easier than I expected.  I thought I was really going to have to work at it to get him to talk.”
“What about me, then?”  John took over as Greg looked a little disheartened.
"You're offering me blood and yourself - how is anyone supposed to resist that combination on their first day as a vampire?"
“What’s going on, what’ve you done to me?”
“Yes, we got him.  Your intel panned out and we stopped him.  Turned out I knew him; met him in Afghanistan.”
“Not gonna tell you nothin’.”  John started giggling to himself, “Tha’s a double neg’tiv’ – that’s a no-no.  Sh’rl’ck won’ like that.”
When Sherlock was ready, he pushed open the door and was stunned at the sight of John.  His suit was a deep sapphire and he’d matched it with a crisp, white shirt and a sapphire tie.  He looked really sophisticated and Sherlock felt proud that John would be there with him.  He couldn’t wait ‘til his cousins saw them.
“Mummy, this is my friend, John Watson.  John, this is my mother, Felicia Holmes, and my aunt, Regina Harwood.”
“I suppose I should be happy that you’ve at least taken the edge off, both for yourself and for me.  I can see I’m going to need to keep my stamina up to keep pace with you, aren’t I?”
“Why don’t you let me help you out with that?”
Sherlock emphasised his words and bent his head closer to John.  John smiled at him and leant up to press his lips gently against Sherlock’s own.  It was as if that first touch drew them together and lit a spark.  John’s hands shot up to grasp Sherlock’s face and he pulled him down for a much deeper kiss, lips, tongues and teeth all clashing as they couldn’t get enough of each other and had to taste what the other had to offer.
“How could you possibly know my shoe size?”
What!  That couldn’t be right?  ‘A whole week’?  The fact that Sherlock had previously been looking for information on someone was nothing new.  He used to do that all the time and had a whole host of people with whom he communicated.  Billy was most likely Billy Wiggins, one of the best of Sherlock’s homeless network.  John had dealt with him himself on occasion when Sherlock had sent him out to collect information.  It certainly had to be someone who knew him well to ask if he was sulking.  However, the pertinent part of that last text said ‘sorry it took me a whole week to find it’.  How could anyone have been asked to find something out a week ago?  Sherlock had been gone for months.  Too many months as far as John was concerned, but certainly far too long ago for that text to make sense.
“I know.”
He glowered over at Mycroft, as was his way, but rather than just hovering by the door, Mycroft actually came into the room this time.  He stood in front of the fireplace looking over at John on the sofa.  He walked a bit nearer, between the two chairs, and John leant forward, ready to leap up if Mycroft made any attempt to touch Sherlock’s chair.  Mycroft raised his hand in a placatory manner, however, and John sat back again, still glaring.
Sherlock was already dressed so he just fastened his trousers and put his shoes back on and, after listening to see if the hallway was clear, he went back to his own room to wash and change.  He got some tablets for John, which he took back with him, and got John to take quickly so he would soon be recovered enough to help with the investigation.
“Yes, John.  Always.”
"Not for me, I was just thinking what fun it was."
Eventually they got to the Holmes mansion and Mycroft’s men carried John in and took him to the master bedroom.  They cleaned him up, got him changed into pyjamas and put him into bed, leaving him in Sherlock’s care.  It would take 24 hours for the transformation to occur so there was nothing to do now but wait.
“Well, okay, I could see that them knowing Sherlock’s fall was real was necessary, but it’s been over four months now, why have you left me in the dark this long?  You’ve been there every week, Mycroft, you’ve seen in what state I’ve been.   Surely you could have said something?”
"So you think this was definitely aimed at Jasmine, then?  I mean, anyone could have been standing under that light."
“How delightful to meet you, John.  You’ve been all Sherlock has spoken about since he got home, so it’s nice to put a face to the name.”
“It’s not alright.  No, it’s not.  If it was alright then Sherlock would be here and I wouldn’t have been mourning him for months for no bloody reason.”
They had all been keeping a clear watch on the goings on since the chandelier incident.  Sherlock had been the mainstay as he was only needed very briefly at the beginning of the rehearsal.  He could use the excuse of checking props to be everywhere backstage, keeping an eye on everything that was happening.  John was also with him as much as he could be, when he wasn’t needed on stage.  Greg was obviously busy keeping things running, but he tried to keep more of a general eye on everyone’s positions on stage, as well, just to make sure there was nothing untoward happening.
“I’d like to see you try.”
“You wouldn’t spoil anything, in fact, you’d make it better, because then Mummy wouldn’t complain that I’m moping about the place.  Oh please, John, you have to come?”
They made a start on the dove tail joints, measuring them out carefully and lining everything up to make sure it would fit, before measuring them again just to be sure; John having taken to heart Mr Johnson’s edict to always measure twice and cut once.  John did the first one as it wasn't something Sherlock had done before, but after watching the second one, he was eager to try for himself.  He was very careful to only cut as far as the line so there was no overlap and he was soon managing as well as John, himself.  John moved to another machine to start on another side to speed things along a bit.
I have to say I was gratified by your praise for my observations made in the previous letter.  I don’t think anyone has ever said what I did was amazing before and I found I liked it.  Should I not say that; is it too vain?  As I said, I don’t really interact with people so if I miss what you consider social cues you will have to inform me.
“No… I… That’s just it.  It was over too quickly, I spoiled everything.”
Sherlock blushed.  “Er… you don’t need to worry about that.  Seeing you coming like that, feeling the pulses spurting down my throat, I just…”
"I don't think they have it in for the play as much as for your leading lady.  This is the second attempt; you remember what happened at the Christmas party."
“Yeah, about that… does it always feel like that because even without any… um… intervention on your part, when I felt you… um… sucking my neck it was like pleasure was being drawn straight down my body?  It was incredible.”
“Hello Nurse Clarke, how are you today?  You’re looking lovely as always.”
“In some matters, my brother can be as blind as he always proscribes to others.  However, you should consider that he wouldn’t have taken the steps he has for anyone else, so whether he considers his aspirations reciprocated or not, his own actions are very revealing.”
I think I like it that you consider me handsome and the idea of having you run your fingers through my hair is intriguing and is, perhaps, something I would like to experience.
John laughed.  It had all been completely innocent then, well, at least he knew where he stood.
"Well, I suppose so."
"Really?  Another accident?  This is getting a bit much, isn't it, Sherlock.  What are we going to do?"
“If you lean back a bit I’ll do you now, it’s only fair.”
Knowing what Sherlock was like, John had his bag re-packed, on his shoulder and standing at the door well before they reached the station, so that he was ready to leave as soon as it stopped.  Sherlock had, of course, parsed which carriage John would be on, and where exactly the train would stop, so he was there at John’s door as the train pulled to a halt.  John grinned at him through the glass and saw the relief in Sherlock’s eyes that his friend had arrived at last.
I’m sorry to hear that someone in your unit died.  I know you would have done everything you could so there can be no blame attached and you should not think in that manner.  I do believe that life should be lived, though, and applaud your decision to go for what you want, even if what you want is – unbelievably - me.
"You can make a choice whether to remember the events of this afternoon and live with the consequences or Sherlock can do this thing to make you forget all about it and you'll never even know it happened."
“What?  What do you mean?”
The place truly had been trashed.  It seemed the enemy had been most determined to obtain any information upon which they could lay their hands.  John looked round at all the places which had been examined and those which had not.  He tried to put himself into Sherlock’s head.  He would surely have anticipated possible intrusion so he wouldn’t have left anything valuable in the rucksack in his room.  Where would he put it?
I would love to try all those things you suggest.  I can’t wait to have you focus your amazing abilities fully upon me.  I’m sure you would be thorough in all things, not leaving an inch of me untouched and just imagining that is enough to get me going.
Billy’s favourite haunt was on the South Bank down towards Waterloo Station.  He always said they were a more relaxed, avant-garde clientèle over there than the business people and politicians on the other side of the river.  John took a cab to the station and, after wandering around the vicinity for a bit, he spotted Billy under one of the arches and went over.
"Sorry, I just wanted to see how long it would take you.  I'm desperate for something more, too, but any chance to taste those amazing lips has to be taken."
“You just can’t keep your mouth shut, can you?”  He hit John again.
“I’m not sure at this stage, it depends on the cross winds.  We’ll head back that way and we’ll have to see what it’s like when we get there.”
John sat back down and raised his eyebrows, indicating Mycroft should continue.
They didn’t want to let you go but Mycroft managed to arrange a prisoner exchange of enough magnitude that they were willing to trade.  The deal is happening tonight and I am on the plane now on my way there.  Mycroft knew I wouldn’t take no as an answer so he arranged passage for me on the Special Operations Team plane.  I will be there waiting for you when you come out, John.  I can’t wait to see you.
"Numbers are arbitrary and mean very little to me."
In fact there wasn’t anything about this week that I didn’t like.  You are everything I could ask for in a friend or a boyfriend and I shall be counting down the days until I have leave again and can be with you.  I’m going to post this at the station so you will get it as soon as possible so that you realise exactly what spending time with you has meant to me.
"Hmm, watching a sweaty you running around might be almost worth it.  I could picture you as you are now and imagine a far better way to get you all sweaty."
“It already is morning.  This is not anything I would ever regret, however.  In fact, I feel this lockdown is finally good for something and I ought to send a thank you message to your army colleagues for being unable to meet you or we could have unnecessarily ignored this for a whole lot longer.”
Sherlock quickly signed where indicated and then, as casually as he could, he added, “So, how long has he been leaving these messages then?”
“Was never normal.  Normal ‘s boring.  Ha!  Now I’m just like you.”
The boy’s eyelids lowered and he seemed to blush slightly before quietly adding, “Me.”
Sherlock took in the head again and this time he covered his teeth with his lips and managed to circle it comfortably so he slid up and down a bit, seeing how much he could take in.  He’d obviously done it right this time if the noises babbling out of John’s mouth were any sign.  He pulled up to the top again and swirled his tongue into the slit as he sucked harder on the head and that was all it took to send John over the edge.
“I’s a secret. Shushhhh.”  John tried to wave his finger in the vague direction of his lips but he didn’t really have the energy to hold his arm straight.
Your friend
“A challenge then, John?”
“I’m sure you are well aware that sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, John.”
It was true that he hadn’t actually spoken to Sherlock in ten years but he’d been in touch with his dad during that time so he’d heard about what Sherlock had been up to.  He knew that Sherlock didn’t have anyone else and he knew he’d been in a bit of trouble over the years but his dad hadn’t gone into a lot of detail over that so John wasn’t really sure what that was.
“That could be a piece of shit on wheels for all I know.”
As the cast were all sixth formers, their parents didn’t usually come down to meet them out of school any more, allowing them to travel home on their own.  This meant that very few of their relatives had been at either of the earlier performances.  Most of them were going to be in tonight for the final show, however, having travelled down especially to see their own children in action.
“No need, thanks.  John has already agreed to help me.”
“Your sister?”
“No, it’s still me.”
John blinked rapidly.  Had Sherlock just asked him what he thought he’d asked him?  Surely not!  But what if he had?  John was torn between wanting to admit the truth and not wanting to ruin their friendship just in case he’d got it wrong.  Sherlock had been brave enough to ask the question, though, so he could do no less with his reply.
