"What are you looking for?"
"No. But it is a clue, my dear Doctor. Constable Hartley!"
John sucked in a deep breath. Instantaneously, his breaths came quicker and a wave of energy radiated out from him, crossing over to Sherlock. Sherlock gazed into those grey eyes and saw that John knew, knew with absolute certainty, what was happening to them. He felt it in his body, it was clear to him and it was clear to John, and there was a consensus. Arousal flowed into him as if he were an empty vessel, filling him down to the last pore. He leaned toward John, and as his lips sought out his friend's, his fingers dug into the shaggy blond hair between the pillows and blanket.
"Lord have mercy."
When John woke up, it was light outside. The sun hadn't reached the valley floor yet, only illuminating the highest peaks. The roar of the Reichenbach Falls had become more muted, softer. John got up, picked up the dark flannel shirt from the floor, the rough men's trousers. They weren't Sherlock's clothes. They were certainly too big for him. Someone had used a sharp object to bore a misshapen hole in the old leather belt that was threaded through the waistband. The letter lay on the nightstand. There was no doubt about the night's events.
Ella had presented an analysis even before the first time they'd talked about John.
"Sherlock? Can you hold her a sec?"
Sherlock didn't answer right away.
"My men are ready to intervene if anything happens," Lestrade said to Sherlock. "Let John do his job."
"Did our move to Sussex have anything to do with all of this here?" John asked before he fell asleep.
Sherlock wandered up and down. His insides were churning. He didn't trust how calm things were. John was in danger. He felt it, believed he could feel it. Or was it his own fear playing with his head? This new, restrictive fear for John?
"Tea?"
"They were wrong. She wanted revenge."
"John," he said, confused, "my physical contact with Dave is purely professional."
"It's incredibly beautiful," he whispered.
"But he sent me, he wasn't there himself," John said.
The train to Interlaken left at 6:14 a.m., arriving at the Zurich airport at 9:16 a.m. A direct flight at 10:05 a.m. He'd be in London shortly before noon. Before Sherlock's train even reached Meiringen. John had decided in favour of avoidance. He'd come to the decision while hiking along the Hochstollen ridge, steep chasms on either side. He'd become even more sure during the descent. He would take a timeout. At least until things had cooled off. That would be best for both of them.
"That's between me and Sherlock," John sidestepped.
"Herbal tea with kirsch," Sherlock said. "I couldn't find anything else."
Sherlock sought John's gaze, looked into his clear eyes, pale in the summer morning light spilling into the room through the wide-open window, barely impeded by the thick curtain.
"A refreshingly practical purpose," Sherlock had remarked.
Sherlock wrote back that London was suffocating in smog and hot air. He didn't go out unless it was absolutely necessary. He wrote that he'd rediscovered his violin and was playing a lot. Who was the woman next to John?
The cross thus four-fold blessed burned on his forehead. A strong, shimmering light surrounded him.
John had nodded silently.
Sherlock was silent for a long time. A very long time. Finally, he said, "What should I do?"
I go to the house, where Watson and the Constable are speaking to a soot-smeared man who is in the middle of fixing the flue. I am all but certain that my plan will bear fruit.
"Stop it!" he hissed.
"Good, then we'll do Trümmelbach."
"Not much," Sherlock said curtly, his tone of voice final. A clear sign that he didn't intend to get any more specific.
John ran his hands slowly, possessively, through the hair at the base of Sherlock's skull. The curls, wet with perspiration, between his fingers. The dampness and heat. The smell of skin. Sherlock's lips parted. His pale eyes glazed over with a swell of arousal that rippled through his body. Sherlock's muscles tensed, he stretched in John's arms, his hardness pressed against John's. A single, small motion that precipitated a strong reaction with their close contact. John was overrun with a fiery desire. He felt the muscles of his lower body clench, his hips screaming to move, to grind, to thrust. But he forced himself to maintain the connection to Sherlock, even as that connection became tighter and harder with every contraction. Sherlock responded to it right away, gasping for air. A low moan arose from John. His fingers threaded through Sherlock's damp hair.
John glanced at Sherlock. Then he nodded and took one of the ampoules and one of the syringes.
"Fourteen minutes past midnight. Where is Sherlock?"
John shrugged. "To each his own. I think it depends what's on your mind. If everything's going well, prayers are easy too and can be taken care of at home. When you're under a great deal of stress, you're probably more likely to seek out a place of worship."
"We have definite clues to the murderer," I say.
"You found Rosie," she said without answering him. She slowly set aside the notebook, then stood up and came to the glass partition. Her eyes scanned Sherlock's entire body, assessing. "You're hurt," she noted. "Your leg. You can't even stand. And you can't run away anymore."
They took their time, one last time. They made love, slow and gentle. Profound bliss. A stream of hot tears. Sherlock set out around 2 a.m. John cried out with pain when Sherlock's fingers slipped out of his hand, broke off contact. He clung to the doorframe and cried out into the night. He sensed Sherlock's hesitation, but then he was gone. There was no other way. John sank to the ground by the door-jamb and cried his heart out.
"No."
"We're the bait."
"No. Now. Where is Sophie?"
Friendship in a context that might be incomprehensible outside of war. Intimacy that had no parallel in civilian life. Clear, simple, straightforward. That's how it was with the Major. Just like that, nothing else. Even the most adventurous crime-chasing life in civilian London couldn't come close to encompassing what the horrors of war meant. Sherlock was right to be jealous.
John opened the door. He stood there with the towel around his hips, his hair wet. A cloud of aromatic dampness billowed out toward Sherlock.
Pauline Boon cries some more. We wait. She blows her nose, wipes away the tears. Then she says, her voice thick, "I love him."
"With us."
"Who is hurting you?"
"We'd be sitting happily in front of a fire in Sussex if you hadn't made so many mistakes."
(Llewellyn Vaughan-Lee, Within the Heart of Hearts)
Sherlock paid the cab driver and got out. He opened the door to 221B and went up the stairs, lost in thought. All of a sudden, he stopped in surprise and sniffed the air. A trace of something spicy had interrupted his train of thought. Just a whiff, a few foreign molecules amidst the familiar miasma of old wood, dust, and the stuff Mrs Hudson used to clean the stairs. Molecules that Sherlock promptly identified, making him snort grouchily. Mycroft. Just what he needed to add to his bad mood.
‘I don’t know how – frankly I don’t care – but she’s said the charges will be dropped if I work this case. Nobody said I can’t multitask – I’m a genius, after all.’ He smiles, wickedly, taking a bite of his samosa, following it up with some with a sip of his tea. He hates eating while on a case, and John has never failed to find the right things to temp him with.
‘The shooter pushed her in, shot her, and left almost immediately. She’s a message to someone, nothing more. If it was racially motivated, and they went to the trouble to get inside the gallery, they would have destroyed the art. If she owed money there would be a robbery, but there’s an impressive engagement ring on her finger, and you said her handbag is still in the car. If it was personal she would have been stabbed, beaten, or shot and left to suffer and bleed out. This killer wanted her dead but didn’t need to torture her. An execution. I doubt you’ll find anything in her private life to explain this. It was nothing to do with her, she just… fulfilled a criteria.’
John sighs. How can his friend understand so much about the motivation behind a crime, but be completely clueless when it comes to the feelings of his friends? ‘No, I’m not. I’m leaving Mary. I’m going to talk to her tonight, pack up my stuff, and go to a hotel for a few days.’
Conversely, John is finding himself more than content in Sherlock’s presence. He’s back where he belongs and he knows he needs to approach the subject with his (potential) flatmate. He allows himself to feel happiness, only to be engulfed in a wave of guilt that almost drowns him. The pain from the death of his daughter will be a constant weight around his neck, but with Sherlock by his side he can weather the storm. And if he’s really lucky, they could have the life they had before the fall: tea and toast, blogging and cases.
He doesn’t give Sherlock time to respond before following up.
John says nothing, though his mouth is opening and closing like a fish as he tries to think of the right words; words that won’t hurt the man he cares about so deeply. Sherlock speaks again, sensing John’s difficulty.
there in London?
‘Then so am I’, Sherlock announces, moving further into the room. ‘You never said we couldn’t be together, simply that you wouldn’t move back in yet. Ergo, I came to you.’
‘Well done, Inspector’, Sherlock responds, sarcastically.
‘Christ, they did! Right from the very beginning. Did they know you were gay?’
leaving her for me.’ Sherlock states, confusion etched on his features.
‘How so?’
Sherlock stares straight ahead, left leg twitching nervously until John puts his hand on his thigh to keep it still. His hand stays there for the whole of the two hour journey, a silent comfort, though he has no idea why Sherlock needs comforting, it’s just obvious that he does.
‘You’re an absolute bastard, you know that?’ John snaps at him, appalled at the way Mycroft manipulated his brother.
‘Yes, I know. I’m starting to think she didn’t get it.’
‘Experiments and investigations only, I’m afraid. I rarely eat in the house unless Mrs. Hudson brings something in. I should warn you not to look in the fridge.’
What happened?’ He demands, as he notices both Mycroft and his father are unconscious, heads on the table, while Sherlock leans against the wall nonchalantly typing something on his phone.
They return to Baker Street just before five am, hopefully with Lestrade’s report and Anderson’s terrible, out of focus, photos waiting in his inbox for him to look over this morning. John is half-asleep and can barely put one foot in front of the other. He lies down on the sofa, refusing to climb another set of stairs, and by the time Sherlock brings him a cup of tea, he’s fast asleep. Sherlock covers him with a blanket and sits on the floor beside him, laptop in hand.
He is in equal parts excited for, and dreading, the arrival of the child. Okay, maybe not equal parts, more like a twenty-eighty split. The opportunities for scientific study are vast, yet he knows that her very existence will widen the distance (physical, emotional, geographical) between him and John. The saddest part is, on the rare occasions they are together, they seem to be as close as they ever were. With John juggling fatherhood, marriage, and a job at the surgery, those occasions will be even fewer and further between.
Sherlock looks stricken, the memory of his parents believing he had been capable of such acts of cruelty. Back then he had been a quiet, soft, kind-hearted child, and he loved animals. He had his scientific mind and his curiosity, but he would never –
‘But I loved him’, she continues. ‘We’d play pirates, and I would help him with his violin, showing him where he was going wrong; he really was an atrocious musician when he was a child.’ As she loses herself in the past, her gun arm relaxes slightly. ‘I would have loved to have played an instrument, but I was never allowed. My parents hated me.’
‘Just be there for him, dear. Don’t pressure him to talk, just let him know you are there. Your presence will be a comfort.’
While John is watching his friend process the note found on his mother’s body, he is chewing the inside of his mouth in an effort to keep the question on the tip of his tongue at bay. Hands clench by his sides as he counts to ten in his head, but the pressure is building up inside him; the anger and the devastation he feels over Mary’s death, and when he eventually does speak it is barely above a whisper, the anger stealing his voice away.
John gives him a look, ‘A bit not good, Sherlock.’
‘How long have you known who was behind this?’
‘What?’ Sherlock demands.
‘You want to be looking on their back, just above their waists, for an extremely fine stab wound.’ Sherlock says, ignoring John’s concern.
‘Very well. We have a sister. Eurus. She’s a year younger than you, Sherlock, and she was given up for adoption when she was three.’
‘I’ve seen it once, Sherlock. I have no desire to see it again.’
John throws open the heavy door to the room, ‘I’d rather fucking walk. In the rain.’ He slams the door behind him.
‘Being but a child myself, there was a lot I did not know at the time, therefore the first thing I did when I reached a position of influence was to seek out all hospital and police records, and psychological evaluations of both of my siblings, so I could learn the full story. Eurus’s adoption records were sealed, and I did not attempt to unseal them. I wanted to believe she never existed, so I deleted all of the records linked to her, and all mentions of her name on the birth register so that nobody would ever know what had happened. In hindsight, I deeply regret this error of judgement.’
‘Sherlock never seemed happy when he came back from playing with his sister. In fact he seemed particularly withdrawn’, Mycroft addresses John while Sherlock continues to stare vacantly out of the window. ‘He also began to show unexplained cuts and bruises, injuries inconsistent with simple play. I started to have suspicions that someone was hurting him, but I didn’t for one minute think – She was a
‘How do you – You
The three of them enter the property together, not one bothering to don the protective cover suit, but for once Anderson doesn’t gripe.
Sherlock raises his eyebrow in challenge, but behind the confident facade the mind palace version of himself is pale and trembling, his hands sweating, and he’s possibly more afraid than he’s ever been in his life. In all honesty he’s terrified that John will walk away and never come back. What on Earth was he thinking? John is getting married, he’s happy, and Sherlock could have stayed in his life as his best friend, they could still have solved cases together… But he ruined it all in a moment of weakness.
because he looked like he belonged there. People don’t like to think they’re racists, but a black man would have been noticed.’
‘We have an appointment.’ Striding back through the kitchen, he picks up Mycroft’s laptop from the table and grabs John’s coat. ‘Have you brought your gun?’
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, ignoring the people in the room while he takes note of the address Lestrade gives him. He gets up, throwing his coat on and tying his scarf around his neck, filling his pockets with the remainder of the biscuits.
John shuffles down the stairs as the light through the windows is beginning to fade, taking himself straight into the shower. Sherlock pulls some old clothes out of his wardrobe and leaves them on the toilet seat so John doesn’t have to wear yesterday's clothes. He takes the clothes John has left on the floor and puts them in the washer: voluntarily putting a wash on for the first time in his life. While he’s in the kitchen he flicks the kettle on, taking two mugs from the cupboard on the wall.
know about guns?’ Sherlock snorts.
want a guarantee that the Magnussen charge will be dropped.’
‘I think it’s unlikely, Dr Watson. And like Sherlock said, we will stay together and I will drop him off at Baker Street this evening, once you are home.’
Sherlock simply holds him there, whispering over and over again, ‘I’ve got you, it’s okay.’
Sherlock pouts but doesn’t speak.
‘Maybe it’s time I wiped
A sly smile creeps onto Sherlock’s face, ‘And something else is just beginning’, he says, crowding John into the corner of the sofa and swooping in for another kiss.
Sherlock replies, haughtily, attempting to disguise his nervousness. ‘You hadn’t proposed. You
‘John, no-one is here to judge you for your actions’, Dr Farrell assures, ‘and it’s understandable that you were feeling betrayed, but do you understand why Mary felt abandoned during a very vulnerable time? She was going through her first pregnancy, with all the risks her advanced aged could bring.’
John stumbles over his feet and grabs onto Sherlock’s arm to steady himself, keeping a tight grip on it for the rest of the walk. Sherlock is hardly walking with any more finesse than John is, and he’s half expecting that if John falls he will pull Sherlock with him. The frigid January air seems to be making both of them more drunk than they were in the bar. John is maudlin (understandably) and is openly talking about the pain of Sherlock’s death and the pit of grief he found himself in. He’s there again, Sherlock thinks, and he doesn’t know how to pull him out.
'Oh we do, Mary. Sherlock has been saying things like this for years!’ Molly giggles, stopping abruptly when she sees Mary’s face cloud over and her smiling mouth become a hard line. She takes another sip of her drink to stop herself from making any more embarrassing comments.
, John thinks.
‘Mary wanted to name her Rosamund’, he turns his nose up, ‘A bit too old-fashioned for my tastes.’
that she might-’
Sherlock, you said you were married to your work!’
‘I forced Mycroft to wait for it to turn back on and give me an exact location… He may have also followed the cab on his cameras when you left Mary’s.’ He looks smug for a moment before realising John may consider this an invasion of privacy, and a refusal to listen to John’s feelings. ‘You were gone too long’, he says, by way of explanation.
Mycroft may not be one for legwork, but he’s had plenty of self-defence training; with one quick manoeuvre he is out of Sherlock’s grasp, stepping aside into the living room to put some distance between them, rubbing his arm. Sherlock follows him and John moves forward, reaching for Sherlock before he can harm his sibling further.
‘It wasn’t.’
‘Sherlock, you don’t have to do this’, he reassures.
So, a distraction…
‘Well’, John says when he’s found this voice again, ‘unless Mycroft has become a serial killer, I’d say you’ve got another sibling.’
‘Take a look. No sign of a stab wound on their back, despite the blood clearly coming from there. We’ll need to wait until the bodies have been stripped and cleaned at the morgue before we’ll know for sure. There’s only so much we can do here without the risk of dislodging any trace evidence on their clothes.’
‘John, you’re very close to Sherlock. From what you’ve said, he seems to care a lot about you.’
‘I don’t understand. What are we doing?’
‘More than anyone’s, yeah.’
be her. But he knows, deep down, there is no other option. Despite what his brother thinks, Mycroft has
‘Mycroft, are you sure this is a good idea?’ John warns. He hates when the older man tells Sherlock not to
‘I’ve just spoken to Lestrade. He says based on the distance the bullet was fired from, they think the shooter was standing in the shadows at the corner of the building here, which means he was set up in advance, he knew that the victim – or at the very least
‘Lestrade’s team of incompetents didn’t find any more information regarding the victim’s personal life than we did. However, his wife says the chain wasn’t his, and it appears to have been put on after death. Implication being that the killer brought it with them.’
Dinner starts off with the almost jovial pulling of crackers, which Sherlock quite enjoys (explosions are his thing) and Mycroft thinks is childish. Both boys refuse to wear the hats; Sherlock is rather precious about his curls. They are laughing at Sherlock’s attempts to predict the bad jokes and frustrated by the fact that he knows the answer to all of the trivia. Throughout, there are a number of small touches between them; John even puts his arm around the back of Sherlock’s chair when he takes a break from eating, intermittently running this thumb along his shoulders.
“Head out?”
But now, with only ten minutes to get to the other side of London, John is reluctant to leave. He has Rosie in his arms still, instructing Mrs Hudson on her routine, how to get her asleep if they end up staying out that late.
Irene: Sherlock
I will also ignore the rest of your letter. Right now thoughts of parents and interfering elder siblings (who will, by the way, be capable of far more thank 'breaking your leg' should the urge occur, so no pressure on you) are incredibly unimportant.
He frowns. "Really?"
Moran, seemingly without instruction, tapped their wrist with his wand and murmured some spell under his breath, causing Alissia's and Moriarty's hands to glow. Alissia's eyes widened in understanding.
When everyone stood in alphabetical order in silence behind their cauldron, Professor Slughorn gave them the go-ahead, then everyone got to work.
"It's okay." Mary smiled sadly. "You didn't know. And I need to get these things off my chest now and then. Besides, it all worked out in the end. My aunt took me in, we moved to France, I studied my magic at Beuxbatons. It's all fine."
that is - "
John thanked her and smiled back.
John sat up. "Is it the tri-wizard tournament?"
Sherlock made a noise halfway between a bark of laughter and a sob. "Like that would make a difference. But...thank you."
“Wonderful.” Irene gives a tight-lipped grin. “See you next week everyone!”
"Ssh, it's fine, John," he placates calmly. "I used Lila Madison's phone. My phone number is on the website. I wouldn't want the murderer recognising it."
Of course, he got the creature he knew fuck-all about.
“Then why are your hands shaking so much?” John retorted. Sherlock let go of John’s arm and turned him around to face him, his eyes wide with panic hidden under layers of anger, the look of an addict who had been caught out.
“Please, I know you wouldn’t have signed up if it weren’t for Mr I-must-correct-everything-and-everyone.” Harry snickers, earning herself John’s glare.
Those deductions are brilliant as usual, and pretty much all correct. It was actually the first tournament the team ever won, and I happened to be captain at the time. It was a pretty brutal game, the finals, which is how I got so injured. The other team had a bit of a reputation for that. Another one of my friends ended up with a broken collarbone, and someone else twisted his knee. Still, somehow, out of sheer dumb luck I guess, we won. But you're probably not interested  in knowing rugby tactics.
"Piss off," John rolls his eyes, but smiles at Sherlock when he sees the excited, wide-eyed look on his face. "So. Tell me about the play, then."
Harry: Also because, as Irene and I interpret it, as reluctant as he is to leave Antonio, he also can’t stay with him. He’s an outsider in a dangerous place. Not to mention queer.
“That would be great, but we live four hours apart. Won’t exactly be easy meeting up, and when we do, it won’t just be locked inside some bland hotel room.”
"How many?" John asked eagerly.
"And I suppose I can see why you'd assure the safety of a dog you've never met before to me."
"Mary was born Alissia Grace Rosamund Adams. She grew up with death eater parents during the second wizarding war, and was frequently used as a spy for her parents, so from a young age she had learnt to control and use her magic for her parents' benefit. When her parents were killed in the war and the death eaters defeated, she was adopted by family in France and had her name changed. This was probably either to keep her identity a secret for protection or out of shame. So when Moriarty came along offering her power, the ability to fulfil her magical potential, as well as revenge on you and me, she took it, without really knowing what she was agreeing too. Or maybe she did, and whatever ideology her parents had drilled into her was still there. Either way, she's missing with Moriarty and Moran.
"Definitely not. He hasn't even noticed I'm here yet."
“Okay!” In a remarkable feat of athleticism for his hungover state. Sherlock leaps up off the sofa and ushers her out of the room. “Thank you for visiting. We’ll bring down your gingerbread plate when we can.”
John then walked swiftly into his dorm room, grabbed the emergency first aid kit stored in his trunk (for cases) and said a quick 'see you later' to Greg, before hurrying back down stairs, through corridors and up the spiral staircase to Ravenclaw. Again, the door knocker asked a riddle, and John had to explain that no, he was not a Ravenclaw and yes, he was here for Sherlock. Finally he was allowed through to Sherlock's dorm. Sherlock was lying on his back still, the tips of his fingers on his lips as though in prayer, when he came in. Except this time he had taken his dress robes off and was changed into his (silk?) pyjamas.
"Again, maybe you're just repressing things too much. It might help to talk to me about it."
“Sadly, other than John and Sherlock, that’s what all the guys here have said. So yeah, I’m afraid no one’s safe, particularly you. Who knows? You could be Orsino.”
"Yes." He lied.
Regarding Soulmates day, I've never found anything particularly special about it. To me, Soulmates Day just means getting the house to myself as my parents go on a weekend trip away - to Paris or Rome or Brussels, for example - , as long as I don't use the oven or try any potentially dangerous experiments. I'm aware for others it's a special celebration of their love/friendship/the concept of soulmates in general, but I don't really see a need to be so public about it. However, as this is a tradition for you, as eating nothing but sandwiches for meals for an entire weekend is for me, I will go to your soulmate party. It will be as good an opportunity as any to meet your friends, and maybe even try again with your parents.
"It's fine. I knew where you'd be.”
"I know. Just...indulge me for a second, yeah? What would you do to solve this whole thing?"
Anyway, write back soon. But also take your time with coming up with an answer. As long as it takes less than a week. No pressure.
Sherlock looked up then in understanding. "So that's why you've brought us back here? So we can solve the case and prevent the killings?"
When Sherlock reminds her that she could get arrested for his murder - a shocking revelation, apparently - she simply tilts her head in agreement, tosses a coin, and shoots a bullet directly through it. There is nothing of her left that could be recognisable - her voice is like steel, her eyes cold and grey as frost, as unpredictable as a storm.
Which, incidentally, exhausted him into a much more regular sleep schedule, including the delights of sleeping in until almost midday. John, for this reason, was pleased with himself no end, as well as less bothersome about Sherlock's wellbeing.
"You can't use that as an excuse for everything." John nudged Sherlock, attempting to appear playful and light-hearted. "Just stay in school. For me?"
“But I want to - ”
In terms of what you said about what you expect from this, I can’t say I have particularly high expectations myself. I can’t remember a time where my parents seemed happy with their matches, although maybe that’s more to do with things that have happened than clashing personalities. But anyway, I’m happy for this to go wherever - acquaintances, friends, or otherwise.
"God, really?" Mary said, shocked.
"I am clearing up my little brother's mess, as he so stupidly decided to get out of bed in the dead of night to meet a serial killer. What about you?"
“If you’re not too busy."
Sherlock giggles slightly. "You'll be fine. Like you said, it's now or never."
"Kill you? No, don't be obvious," Mary and Moran chuckled along with Moriarty. "I mean, I'm going to kill you anyway, eventually, but I'm saving that for something special. No. If you don't stop prying Sherlock, I'll burn you," Moriarty actually snarled. "I'll burn the heart out of you."
“Yeah, well, I can’t just stay at home in good conscience while you walk right into a trap!” John yells. Sherlock’s eyes narrow in confusion, demanding an explanation, so he continues, “Mary knows we’re here. She’d be expecting us. There’s no way she could have not been aware that someone like Joseph was taking pictures and planning on coming to us. She lured you out here. I'm no genius, but I doubt she'd lure you like this for a pleasant chat.”
And so Sherlock buried further into the crook of John's neck, and John, though he had a million questions that needed answering threatening to burst through, he held his tongue and went to sleep, his arm wrapped around Sherlock, and their legs intertwined. He didn't fail to notice how Sherlock purposefully kept his hands away from John's wound.
"Mary, talk to me. What's going on? Or can you not talk?" Sherlock gabbled. "That's it isn't it? They're controlling you too."
"They figured out Moran was the killer?"
“Well, no, there would be a better time. Like any time when most humans are awake.”
...No, I'm not biased towards any one of those options.
Harry: Also, btw, Irene is working on getting Sherlock in as Antonio
Soon the exchange students left and Hogwarts was that little bit quieter again.
P.S This probably seems like a stupid question but is Sherlock a girl’s or a boy’s name? I’ve never met a Sherlock before. I don’t mind either way.
"Sherlock - "
"Then I'm sure we can reach a compromise somewhere."
"243," Sherlock corrects with an offended frown.
"Going up to them in person is completely dangerous - "
They walked for what seemed like miles, John half-leading, half-carrying Sherlock as he mumbled on about nothing in particular, switching from Victor's issues with his father to the history of fire whiskey in the UK. John listened without complaint. Then they approached the stairwell.
stabbed,” he corrects. “Second of all. I’m not going anywhere. Ever.”
If he wants to, he could place his hand between them, slide if a couple of centimetres until it contacts Sherlock's hand. But he doesn't want to. So he places his arm at the back of the sofa behind the man next to him, allowing himself to content in the small waves of heat radiating off of him.
“Maybe not. But the police are on their way, and the evidence against you is very damning,” John replies calmly, causing Sherlock to look up proudly. “Isn’t your sister the manager of the bank?” No response. “And aren’t you in rather a lot of debt to her? It would be very easy for you to use the stolen money - her own bank’s money - to pay her back.”
“I know, I know. I’m very lucky.”
"Do you want me to get a Sleeping Draught for you?"
Dear John,
“Yeah.”
"I can, and I will. It was fine in school. Back when we first met, we considered having to fill in a
John blushes and smiles to himself. He hears a toilet flushing and so quickly skims the rest of the page before the man - Sherlock Holmes? - can come back.
Unable to fight exhaustion - partially from painkillers, partially from the music - John’s own eyes soon close, his daughter in his arms, and the music from his partner’s violin floating above him.
“Shut up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He scoffs. “What for?”
This is the first time Sherlock has spoken of it so bluntly, of the damage his years aways still causes him today.
"You don't even have a coat with you, Sherlock." John said, raising his voice above the rain. "You'll get a cold."
"Never you mind. Hold still, I need to stitch up the wound."
And now these words were being flung back at him again.
“God, it’s good to see your face. Four days here and I already miss you.”
“Right. That should be good.”
“Lazy git,” John chuckles, not minding in the slightest. “Well, Sherlock Holmes, you’re about to be my last customer of the day. I’m locking up once I’m done clearing up. Shame, really. I was hoping I was going to be done for the day sooner.”
"Anytime."
"I'm serious. I thought it would be awful. But, it wasn't. It was good."
John continued, ignoring Sherlock’s complaints. "'The show Moscow on' for example..."
"You're meant to. That's why I called. You always know what to say."
Sherlock exhales and smiles, as though relieved. “Well, if you want to deliberately sabotage your interview, I have a myriad of ways of getting people to never want to speak to me again.”
"I'm not hungry."
Then John was gone from sight, and Mcgonagall dismissed everyone to their dorm rooms. So Sherlock, instead of going to his dorm, waited outside the chambers for John to leave.
"John!"
Dear Sherlock
John falters. "Yeah. Good."
John recognised the voice instantly - Sherlock.  He was suddenly and overwhelmingly angry. "If you're here to mock me then don't bother. I've had enough of that today for a lifetime."
"Ignore those. They're just here to speed up the interview process."
"My parents." Mary answered back and Janine nodded in understanding.
"You and me both.” John shook the thought out of his head. Back to flirting. “So, what was that about company?"
“Bitchy?”
“Oh. So soon?”
Moran.
Harry: Great, I’ll let you know when we start rehearsing. Make sure to bring a couple of friends with you if you can.
John: Wow. I knew the day would come where you would disown me, but I never thought it would be so soon…
“Trust me, I would. Sorry, gotta go, love you, bye!”
Sherlock: If I wanted to be in a show, I would have done a performing arts degree. Seeing as I don’t have 2 brain cells and 1(one) GCSE, I did not
“...Yeah, Alright," John said, then bowed his head so his lips met Sherlock's again, who then pulled him even closer as he wrapped his arm around his neck, humming in approval. John's fingers were weaved through Sherlock's hair, his tongue pressing tentatively against the seam of Sherlock's lips. It was then that the kisses deepened, grew more heated, as Sherlock climbed onto the chair too, knees planted either side of John's thighs. John sighed as he reacquainted himself with Sherlock's mouth, those cupid-bow lips pressed against his own, the deep, rumbling hums and sighs which had not changed, not in the slightest, since the last time -
Greg ruffled Sherlock's hair, knowing full well that Sherlock detested it. "Well, we'll take your advice into consideration when we enter. Right, John?"
"Miss, you sit down on the chair here. You, stand there. You stand there. Very good. Don't slouch please, lad. Now, say 'cheese'!"
“None taken.” Of course, the second task had given him Sherlock, something he had wanted for longer than he could pinpoint, but there were still times when his mind would wander and suddenly recall the dead greyness of the Milverssen’s eyes, its blunt sadistic hissing as it revealed to a crowd of thousands something he could scarcely confess to himself, the looks he got from everyone and he would cringe inwardly, thanking whichever deity or ancient celestial being that was watching over him for giving him Sherlock in return. Otherwise, John was sure he would never be able to face another person again.
"Oh, god. Okay. We need to get them out of the way of the audience. Out here. And then we should call the - "
I want us to be the type of siblings who can just talk about these things. Not the kind who will phone each other out of obligation once a month when we go our separate ways to uni.”
"'The fault is not within our tsars', perhaps?"
medical professional - I can assure you that the experiment is completely unnecessary. The number of espressos you've drunk this evening is disturbing, and lots of recent tests have been done. You don't need to ruin your own sleep schedule to prove that the effects of this are...a bit not good, to say the least."
Stella rolled her eyes. “Shut up. Yes, this one is different. It has a note, this time, and we’re stumped. Will you come?”
Sherlock gestures at John to take a seat. He would be ashamed of how quickly he sat down to listen to the detective talk further without caring about professionalism if he gave a damn about his job at all. The detective smiles approvingly. "Very good." The patronising tone of voice makes John almost roll his eyes. "So, as you may have seen from reading my notebook, I'm a consulting detective. It is my job to see the obvious that the police tend to miss, and so I observe more about other people that others tend to miss. Like how the than that doesn't go above your wrist, your military haircut, and your stature indicates you were in the army."
“Really?”
"- Or we can go out and have dinner."
John came out last with Professor Mcgonagall's hand rested on his shoulder as they walked out. He could see the Hogwarts' students cheering loudly and he waved back self-consciously. His smile broadened nevertheless when he caught sight of Molly, Greg, Mycroft and Sherlock sitting at the front of the audience. He came to a standstill next to the other champions, then Mcgonagall stood at the front on a pedestal to address the audience.
"Why? Sherlock isn't the one snogging him. You can still go and find him"
"..."
"It's over." He sighed. "All the exams are over."
"All this has been - for me?"
“Alright!” Irene claps her hands. “I’m afraid that’s all we have time for.”
"Oh - okay. Right. So, Amy first, as you asked. You're pursuing a career in photography, but your parents want you to become a lawyer, despite your English and history grades clearly showing that you lack the academic discipline required to study law. You met everyone here in your first year of secondary school, having moved here from Birmingham. You have a tendency to speak loudly, and have been kicked out of class two - no, three - times because of it. Some people think that this is to cover up your insecurity about your height - what are you, four foot ten? - when actually it's due to the loud volume you listen to music with causing damage to your hearing. I highly suggest you get that checked out before it worsens and you have to resort to sign language and lip reading."
“Yeah. In pretty much every sense imaginable, if it’s acceptable.”
"No, no, it's - it's good. Although, I do have a lot of questions."
"Well, I tried spying on Mycroft." Sherlock said, "He's head boy now, so he's been sorting out... Stuff.  He's helping to organise something, but he refused to tell me what it was. It's probably dull, but I was so bored I didn't have any other choice than to find out what it was."
"So what did you do over Christmas?" John asked.
Well, maybe a bit.
However, British weather being British weather, the climate in uncooperative with Sherlock's plan, and it is chucking it down with rain by the time he arrives at the station. His hair is wet and his curls are plastered to his forehead, his clothes are uncomfortably damp, and his coat and umbrella remain in the cupboard under the stairs.
John snorts at the judgemental amusement on Sherlock's face. "Yeah, I told you I was tired."
John opened his mouth to explain, then stopped and sighed, "Never mind. They'll explain it in assembly. I'm too -" he yawned, "- tired to go over it."
"Yes, did John mention me?" Mary shook Sherlock's outstretched hand with surprising geniality. "Oh, where is my memory, you must be Sherlock!"
"Listen to me, Sherlock," Mycroft said firmly, albeit quietly, "I can't promise you everything will be okay. I can't promise John will - look. I want you to tell me that whatever happens you won't do anything stupid, like retreating away from your friends and family, stop focussing on schoolwork or your career. Most importantly, do not hunt down whoever did this. The person who did this is dangerous, and will not hesitate to hurt you."
Molly stared down the hall, and murmured softly. "You have no idea."
"Agreed. Please, Sherlock." The two stopped in the middle of the corridor. John was probably attempting to do some form of 'puppy eyes' (hopefully mockinglyy), as his eyes widened slightly and his head tilted, "For me?"
“What the
"I'm sorry, I can't take the case, I'm incredibly busy right now," Sherlock cut in.
John checks his watch nervously for the fifth time that morning.
“Right,” Sherlock says decidedly, clearing his throat nervously. “Into battle.”
“No, the point is to get your friends pissed enough to admit to something embarrassing or sexual. Or both. By any means necessary.”
"Oui. Merci."
“Of course. We need Mary back in the UK, and I hardly trust MI6 to do a proper job of convincing her without scaring her off.”
John’s eyes appear to grow dim as he talks, grieving and full of regret. Sherlock would give anything to see the things John has seen, all that violence in action, the metamorphosis from life to death, and yet John seems to be less enthusiastic about the whole ordeal. Sherlock changes the subject. “So what are you the god of? Medicine?”
John's frown deepened. "So, you left the school to...read? Sherlock, we have a library for a reason."
"Probably."
"Yeah, you and me both," John mumbles. "I'm kind of glad you didn't deduce him, though. I would like it if my dad was in a good mood for dinner. Puts us in a better position."
“Bugger. Their garlic bread was so good, though. Ugh, fine, not ‘Spoons. Another pub.”
"Which suggests?"
“I’m not leaving my baby with Mrs Hudson. She’s well into her seventies, she’s got a bad hip, and you very well know about her herbal soothers habit. It’s not that I don’t trust her - “
“You know.”
John x
“A bit harsh to be honest. The first time was for a fairly dangerous serial killer. The second time you were in hospital because you fell in the bloody Thames.”
"I didn't exactly have a reason to smile at the time. It was my cousin's wedding, I was surrounded by idiotic and irritating family members who all wanted to ask about you - you hadn't written back at the time - and I was forced to wear a tie."
Sherlock giggles, actually giggles. “You remember that conversation remarkably well.”
Sherlock: What role is he?
Sherlock sat in silence for a moment, his mind racing at 100 miles an hour and his heart beating nervously in his chest, so fast that he was certain John could feel it. "I don't want to go back next year."
The Room of Requirement that appeared to them for their tournament preparation was different to the one that appeared for them the first time they found it, as their use of it was intended to be different than before. Not all of it had changed. There were still piles and piles of old clutter dating back centuries, and a couple of old beds. Sherlock predicted that over the years, and especially during the aftermath of the Battle of Hogwarts, the room had lost some of its magic and ability to transform itself entirely to the person’s individual needs. However, there was more floor space which they used for duel practicing, and bookshelves with information on offensive and defensive spells and different mystical creatures, which they would read together.
"What, and leave me out on the streets? Alone? In the cold?" Sherlock pouts his lips, most likely knowing full well at the way John's chest tightened guiltily at the sight. "I was already kicked out of my home once today. All because of one simple mistake."
“Don’t get it? You did read that book on Soulmates and journals I lent to you, didn’t you?”
"I believe they are coming just now."
“You’re certain?”
Sherlock paused, "who?"
"Please, you completely were. Unless you happen to just be curious about the relationship status of every person you meet, then point out how you're both single and how
“Don’t be so emotional. We text every day.”
“Do you think she’ll be alright?” John asks when they’re in the cab.
"I still feel worse."
"Oh for Merlin's sake, Sherlock, you're seventeen!" Mycroft's voice rose in a crescendo. "You're barely of age, still in school. You can't possibly think that you are remotely capable of protecting another human life!"
“So where is the suitcase. Come on, did she eat it?”
Holmes would put that down to his grave bullet wound.
"Sorry to burst your bubble, Sherlock, but - " John stopped to cast a quick summoning charm, in vain - "at first, you're going to need any case you can get. The consultant detective business isn't exactly popular."
Sherlock is playing a game he vaguely remembers from his childhood - airplanes? Yes. He's running, laughing, his arms spread as he avoids tripping over the small mounds in the field near his house. He looks over to his right - John's there, playing airplanes with him, as though it was the most natural thing in the world. John's hair looks surprisingly attractive in this lighting...
"It's here!"
"Don't criticise me for not foreseeing events, when you two were the ones on guard and meant to prevent this kind of event from happening." The rise in Mycroft's voice only served to further aggravate Sherlock, who was clenching his fists together, while hot anger at the unfairness of the accusation boiled in John's stomach. "Now, seeing as the entire front row of the audience is a suspect, we'll have to figure out how to keep them in the theatre long enough for questioning."
"I will do." Again, Sherlock's lungs filled with panic at Moriarty's confidence. "With a little time, a little money, a few allies," Sherlock glanced at the two students pointing their wands at Sherlock, "I will claim my crown."
So, yes, all in all, it was a wonderful summer.
"Oh god. Maybe I should ring back later..."
"Me? A sixteen-year-old giraffe-limbed boy who doesn't know what makes planets go around the sun?" Sherlock snorts with a shake in his voice. "Ridiculous theory."
Although I still believe the concept of soulmates and magic books is unexplainable and therefore ridiculous, I want you to know that I think that we are one of the lucky few couples who are completely, undoubtedly, inexorably successfully matched. And for that, John Hamish Watson, I am grateful.
Thank you for your phone call the other day. It was a comfort to have you to talk to and I did feel a bit better. My exam the following day was much less disastrous. But I digress.
"That's true. Do you want to talk to them now?"
“Yes.”
And John never had to travel back in time. Sherlock's intelligence and forethought meant that no matter what, the case was always solved: the murderer was apprehended, the kidnapping victim was rescued, and any danger they placed themselves in was easily dealt with. Besides which, John didn't want to risk losing what he already had,
Sherlock looked at the girl's face - pouting, desperate - then John's - expecting, frowning pointedly - then sighed. "Fine. What does it look like?"
"Fantastic!"
“It will be good for you, Sherlock. Pack lightly won’t you? Oh, and as far as I can see, togas haven’t been around for several generations now.” Mycroft glances down critically at Sherlock’s black robes, draping down to his sandled feet. “I’d recommend not drawing unwanted attention to yourself.” And with that, Mycroft vanished, undoubtedly to feast on some leftovers from old sacrifices.
"What good have they done since?!The man who stabbed my boyfriend and killed my brother is still at large. They're not even looking for him!" Sherlock shot back, his voice cracking. John's forehead creased in concern and he took Sherlock's hand, stroking his thumb over the back of it. Sherlock took a deep breath to steady himself. "My mental capacities match his, so I should be the one to find him."
“Aw, how sweet of you.”
"But it won't happen again. I've been properly studying now and I won't make that same mistake again."
By the time they arrived it was almost completely dark and the cold January wind bit at their faces as they climbed out of the cab. While Sherlock was already speeding over to the yellow police tape marking the crime scene,  he assumed that John had paid the cabbie and would follow behind him shortly. He ducked under the tape without need to give ID to the policewoman standing next to the tape. They’d done this enough times for everyone in Scotland Yard to know who they were.
“Clearly,” he replies drily, collapsing onto the sofa, his bare feet hanging over the other side. “I’ll let you know I’ve caught it.” He’s hiding the urge to smile and his stomach rumbles with cravings for pancakes, but John doesn’t need to know that. Sherlock has recent learnt that just the right amount of sulking earns him the Hair Ruffle.
"If it's a test on decision making, judges would like you to make the most morally-good ones," Sherlock explained, "If you can do more than what is expected of you, do it. Don't back down. Don't be selfish."
"Not so loud, John. But yes."
"It's just a normal voice, hardly worth complimenting."
Sherlock watched and observed. He had deduced things about Mary long ago: only child, left handed, short sighted, likes baking. She had a good sense of humour, judging from her chats with Janine, and she was clever. There was nothing there to be disliked. And he did like her, or at least tolerate her, more than John's previous girlfriends. So why did he not trust her?
Your comments have made my day, guys! Sorry for the recent angst btw.
"Stop it, you. I've forgiven you." John elbows him lightly, playfully, the kind of touch he's allowed to use to comfort Sherlock without making things that much more awkward. "Turn over. I want to see what's next."
"I wanted to talk to you. The thing is,  I didn't see you yesterday at all, until the carriages. And I feel like..."
"People have died."
“Unorthodox or not, if we want this poor sod to live he’s our best bet. And the longer we stand here arguing about it, the less likely he is to live.”
Mary laughed, and looked down at the floor where Janine was staring, wide-eyed, and sure enough a black, reasonable big (though Mary had dealt with bigger - and deadlier - in the past) spider was sitting on the silver floor by Janine's feet, dead still. Mary sighed and bent down to scoop the spider into her hand. "You sure you don't want to hold it? It's very friendly." Mary offered the spider in her hand to Janine, to which Janine responded by leaning backwards.
"I'm John Watson, by the way." He offered his hand out to the man for him to shake, which he willingly accepted, his (full, pink) lips curled upwards into a smile as his considerably larger hand enveloped his.
The spiders: Moriarty and his henchpeople escape and get into places by their animagus forms being spiders. I thought that would be cool.
He collapsed onto the couch and curled up, his back facing away from the tent door. He felt his eyes sting bitterly and inhaled shakily, trying to calm himself down.
Sherlock had tried to kiss him. Sherlock had made a speech about how he has feelings. Sherlock had completely given himself away.
"No. You're right. I have it easy. I shouldn't have been so domineering."
Sherlock frowns, genuinely and endearingly confused. "I should be the one thanking you, John. In fact, I should be paying you if you weren't so proud."
"Yes. The thing is, Moriarty - oh, that's his name, by the way - kept calling her a different name. Alissia."
John dashed up the stairs two at a time until he reached the corridor just outside the private balcony, where Sherlock was stood, frozen, staring at the seats in shock and anger and grief. "Sherlock, are you - oh, god."
"I'm not sure if you're even allowed in here." John said to Sherlock, as Mary went to comfort Janine.
"You're a very quick learner." John said.
"Why are you writing 'uses humour as a defence to avoid the subject of his superior best friend'?"
"It's hardly scientific, is it? They're for kids."
"What 'line of work' is that exactly?"
Sherlock was one of the first students to arrive. He sat down at the second desk from the front - so that neither he nor John would be picked on while still avoiding the imbeciles at the back - and only waited two minutes before John sat next to him.
John shrugged, still looking sullen, then nodded, "yes. Fine. I don't understand why it's necessary, but sure."
“Not talk.”
"Why are you leaving him here?!" Lestrade protests. "He's not even a detective. No offence, mate."
"Stop."
"So?"
“It’s only been two minutes, sir, have patience.”
Once they’re in the cab, Sherlock speaks first in a quiet, tentative voice. “You know, if you are worried about… money and the house and doing the job of two parents, there is always Baker Street.”
“Yeah. Bubbles, bath oils, candles... the whole shebang. Now, I know baths aren’t really your thing - ”
On their second session together the next morning, John doesn't pass out, but he definitely wouldn't have got through it if it weren't for the black coffee Sherlock offers him. He usually goes for coffee with milk, but at that moment he would have chewed raw coffee beans if it meant staying awake for longer so that he won't disappoint Sherlock.
"You were stabbed by Sebastian Moran - I'm guessing you already knew this seeing as you were facing him when you were attacked. The blade was laced with Dark Magic, which means that your blood loss was higher than the norm and it will almost definitely leave a scar. However, Moran stabbed you in the side, avoiding vital arteries and organs. He also used your wand to shoot red sparks into the air, alerting the professors quickly to come to your aid and avoiding being seen at or associated with the scene of the crime by not using his own wand. You see, unlike the other victims, he never meant to kill you; it was a warning directed at me.
"It'll do. Keeps me warm."
"He's not in school."
“Good.”
John smiles, then catches himself and clears his throat. “Well, I suppose you have things to do. People to kill. Scythes to swing.”
The next few years were a blur for John: he gained his qualification as an army doctor, went through training, continued to date other people, until he was eventually shipped out to Afghanistan. He was kept busy with his work - extracting bullets from wounds, restoring dehydrated soldiers unused to the Afghan heat back to health, making adrenaline-fueled decisions on the spot that kept him calm as he saved the lives of many. There were times where he rarely left the medical tent, swamped under by injuries - though sometimes there wasn't anything worse than particularly infected blisters to deal with. It didn't matter how busy or how exhausted he was, because it meant, for the most part, that he could forget about Sherlock. Yes, there were times where he wondered about him - whether he ever went back to rehab, if he was clean yet, if he had left Victor yet, if he had met someone new and far better for him. He thought about him with a kind of melancholy, but with little regret. As far as he could tell from his letters from Harry, she was still as happy and sober as when he left, and even writing a new play. He planned to get tickets (for free, thank god - his wages didn't always allow for luxuries such as seeing West End Plays all the time) as soon as he'd come home for leave.
John snorts. "Thanks."
“Okay. That’s - that’s good to know. You are too, you know.”
“Another time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Ah yes. Well, we can stay here drinking. Or we can go up and dance, but you almost definitely lack any kind of coordination - "
(See the end of the chapter for
“I mean it. They’ll love you.” John hands Sherlock the coffee cup, squeezing his shoulder reassuringly.
He didn't allow himself the luxury of crying. Instead he breathed slowly in and out and kept his eyes opened and blinking furiously, while he prayed silently to Merlin, to God, to anyone for all he cared, for a convenient meteor to come crashing down and kill everyone in this stupid cruel castle.
"Sherlock? Oh, you must be John! John Wilson?"
She didn't wander for long through the forest, holding her wand out in front of her under a 'lumos' spell, before she found Moriarty standing casually in his suit, his greased back hair shining under the moonlight and her wand's light. He was smiling wickedly. Mary - Alissia, even, if she was going to do this she'd have to accept her true identity - stared right back at him.
John was giggling. "You look like that portrait of Severus Snape in Mcgonagall's office."
Attached is a recommended reading list in order to prepare for your studies next year, additional course costs, and a list of accommodation choices with prices, as well as any financial support you may need.
If you want, you can hang out at my tumblr
(See the end of the chapter for
"Of course not, Mister Literal, Mister Must-Correct-Everyone." John snapped. "You know what, fine. Talk. Ask me questions. Ask me my dick size for all I care. I'm pretty much an open book now."
The carriage finally arrived and the four of them walked into the great hall, walking off to their houses' tables; Greg and John sat on the Gryffindor table on the far right, Sherlock  sat with the Ravenclaws next to them and Molly sat with the Hufflepuffs. Sherlock observed from a distance as Greg and John sat there talking (probably about the girl John met on holiday. Heterosexual boys - or bisexual, in Lestrade's case - rarely talked about much else. Sherlock pondered whether sexuality could affect IQ, and if he was straight, if his IQ would be affected ) until the doors to the Great Hall opened and Professor Flitwick walked in, leading in the first years, who were only a little taller than himself.  Sherlock saw some of the girls 'aww'ing at the smaller first years,  including Molly, to which he responded with an eye-roll and the critical, yet truthful, self-reminder that all the first years would be the same as the previous years': loud, stupid and annoying. He then remembered that, actually, all years in Hogwarts were like that. 'The sooner seventh year comes and goes, the better,' he thought bitterly.
Sherlock's bottom lip wobbles. "Will it?"
"Not that you need that much time to show Sherlock around this place," Mr Watson mutters. "You basically live in a palace, right Sherlock?"
"It's just one question. You'll still get A stars all around."
“I’m guessing this one is different.”
Were there other victims for the school to mourn?
"How about the effect on you before that when you were used as bait against me?" Sherlock snapped back. "None of this would have happened if we didn't have the strong attachment we have."
Later, he would wish that he was shot for a good cause, saving someone's life - a father of two perhaps, or a daughter with an elderly relative, or a nineteen-year-old with their whole life ahead of them.
"For what?"
The doors burst open. John turns around, as do the other cast members, and in storms Sherlock, his curls wild and windswept, his coat flowing behind him, and his a deadpan expression covering his face. “Sorry I’m late. I didn’t want to be here.”
John smiled. "I mean it. You're incredibly attractive. Like, it's almost abnormal. I've never seen anyone like you."
“Moriarty’s back,” he says without preamble. “You and your family are in danger.”
“Many have found my personality to be abrasive,” Sherlock shrugged.
When they come home several hours later, when the sky has turned dark, the blow-up mattress has been moved from John's room to the living room, clearly a compromise on Mr Watson's half instead of kicking Sherlock directly out of the flat. John's stomach sinks at the sight of it, the clear symbolism of it, before going into his bedroom to pass Sherlock's things to him and get into pyjamas.
The spell hit its mark - right on the side of the Occamy's head. Unfortunately it did not produce the desired effect. The Occamy yelped - a high painful screech - in pain and glared at John. It flew from the nest and made its way towards John. He barely paid attention the the audience's screams as he attempted to run out of the way. But the Occamy was faster than he had ever imagined. Out of nowhere John felt sharp claws colliding with his temple and he fell to the ground. He saw, vision slightly blurred, the Occamy glare at him, only a few metres away from him. John winced, as he brought his hand back from where he was attacked. There was blood, but not too much.
"I'd rather me than - "
Moriarty was right.
“I know, I know. Sorry, I’m just - I’ve never left her with someone who isn’t her parent.”
"I hope she does. It's nice talking to you."
"I - okay. Maybe he's a bit right. But that's only because Lucy got me into them. I have to be supportive of her likes and hobbies, don't I?"
“You got us tickets to Tchaikovsky’s concerto?”
it's a possibility the same would apply for you. But then again, you seem like someone who is unusually tolerant and easily impressed, so I may as well.
“Good boy. Now be a dear and keep an eye on the screen for me. And the next time you speak out of turn,” Moriarty stood up, “you’ll be facing the other end of the snipers.”
"He won't. He hasn't noticed for years." Sherlock reassures him with a smile while he continues to giggle, almost hysterical as he realises just how weird and wonderful his life has become.
He knew it would happen eventually: Mary and John. He was watching the entire time as Mary crawled her way back into John's life and pushed Sherlock out. Sherlock thought with a hint of irony about John's words earlier: "You're getting replaced." Now here he was, pushing through crowds aimlessly to get as far away from everyone as he could. Especially from them.
The maze was lit up well enough that he could see about ten feet in front of him, but there was fog ominously circling his feet and blocking his vision beyond a particular point. He got his wand out as he walked, first muttering "lumos", then saying "point me," the spell Molly had taught him to allow him to find his way around the maze. The wand spun around in his palm before pointing north, to his right. This meant, if he was correct, he would have to head left in order to get to the centre of the maze.
"But my consulting business- "
"None," came Sherlock' voice. "All cast members accounted for. No one suspicious backstage."
“You like walks.”
, John thinks with pride) and John gets out his own from his jacket, as instinct tells him that it's probably not room service.
“Yeah. Same. God, once this is over, part of me just wants to book a hotel room, just so I can have somewhere to stay away from my family.”
"Fine. Sherlock, you're the only one we haven't met yet, did you know that?."
“July 15th. At the end of the letter I crossed a bit out. When I was complaining about you wanting to do something as mundane as go to the cinema.”
John grins as Sherlock enters the room and climbs into John's bed, and then John follows after. The bed is narrower than Sherlock's, but they don't particularly mind when they curl up into each other, legs tangled and arms resting on the other boy's stomach.
"I'll pass out before we even get to chess and you know it."
Sorry I took so long responding. I was sort of busy being younger than sixteen and all that.
“Relax, I gave you my phone number shortly before you fell asleep. It’s not like we won’t see each other again, or it was just a one night stand.”
"Where is Harry?" Sherlock asks.
I hope you're having a good time in France and you're not getting too bored. I'm having a pretty good time here in Scotland, myself. The weather is way too cold here, I've eaten far too many Mars Bars and drank too much Irn Bru and my parents haven't spoken to me except to ask me to pass them the salt, but it's still pretty good. We've been going swimming in the outdoor swimming pool which, surprisingly, isn't too cold once you're in. I'm yet to die of hypothermia so let's see how that goes.
"Fine," Sherlock rasped, standing up straight again. "What the bloody hell did you just do?"
"I don't care," he replies. "His company more than makes up for any flaws he may or may not possess."
"Don't come any closer," The man threatens. "Or I'll make you bleed while your boyfriend watches."
“This man got me off a murder charge last year.”
John felt his cheeks turn crimson.  "No! We weren't - we're not - "
"I'm sorry. That didn't go very well in there," he admits. "I thought I could control myself, set a good example for Harry, get through dinner without shouting at some point. Turns out I couldn't."
Sherlock scowled and sighed. "Fine. Just don't do that face again. It's disturbing."
(See the end of the chapter for
"In terms of Moriarty, I could find no files on him. There were no birth certificates, no school or hospital records, no family links, no criminal records. The only evidence for his existence is my word for it."
"Nothing. I was just thinking."
"It's hard to get a good look around, with how many there are and how dark it is. I'll keep you posted."
“I’d still be a shit actor.”
“And you forget that I know these criminals. I knew it would be better to wait and I was right. Some soldier you must have been, if you can’t even follow instructions properly,” Sherlock sneers. John responds with a withering glare.
“Perhaps, If at home you show improvement, recovery from your trauma, you could apply again, but at the moment you are in no state to be back in active duty. I’m sorry, Captain.”
“It’s okay, Sherlock. You can hold her, if you want.”
"Promise me you won't."
“Johnny? You there, love?”
“No, I mean, which one do you want to watch first?”
“Morning, love.”
"Did I get her?" John mumbles, trying to ignore the searing pain in his stomach so as not to worry him better.
“Oh?”
Sherlock mumbled something incoherent, though it sounded a lot like 'fine'.
“I don’t drink alcohol, you know that. And it’s two in the afternoon, who drinks at that time?”
“It’s been seven years and you still haven’t been able to do that gracefully,” Sherlock said humouredly from the arm of the sofa he was resting his head against, lying on his back in his ‘thinking’ position. John stood up, brushing his hospital robes down, and walked over to him.
Your handwriting, though definitely masculine, has some feminine slants and loops - don't take offence by this - suggesting that your childhood was mostly female dominated at home while you were learning to write and this shows that your father was absent during your childhood. I say business reasons as you implied that your parents aren't divorced and their marital problems are too recent for the absence to be to do with a temporary split. Besides, a matched couple who have split wouldn't have any qualms about divorcing. The drinking was a shot in the dark based on probability.
"They like to show off, don't they?"
Dear John
“Yep. Under my shirt. It’s beautiful.”
"Boys, please." Mrs Watson interrupts impatiently. "Look, I think you both need some time to think this through. You'd better go outside John. Take Sherlock with you. Get some fresh air - "
John shakes his head. He doesn't need to think about it. Sherlock's life is priceless. More than thirty million or sixty million or any other price. "No. Not in exchange for her godfather's life."
She doesn't respond, at first, simply keeping her eyes averted in a display of shame perhaps. "I think you both know," she murmurs quietly.
"I know. I'll try and write soon."
"Actually, I've wanted to date boys since I was thirteen. But that's not the point! You think that Sherlock somehow, what, mind controlled into going out with him?"
Lestrade gives a long-suffering sigh. "Fine. I don't know why I bloody put up with this. Put on a suit and go in."
“So? I wouldn’t need a knife to harm you if I so wished.”
John sat back down opposite to Sherlock.
"Only when you start having empathy for me."
“We can’t be sure it’s him though, can we?”
"Our conversation at Angelos? It's hardly worth undoing, is it?"
“Ridiculous.”
"Okay, good. Listen, sorry I didn't text you yesterday. I was busy, what with Mary coming over and stuff."
“Well someone has been watching too many rom coms.”
"The actor for James is sleeping with one of the bridesmaids, you know - "
"Yes." She said. "Yes. I think that will do very well for the photo. I suppose the girl could have done with a little more concealer but it will have to do..."
"Your cleverness?" Mary suggested.
"You saw me yesterday." John exclaimed, his smile growing.
John nodded then glanced pointedly at Sherlock, who sighed, then turned to Greg again, "She's here."
“Right. Fair enough.” He thinks he’s hiding his disappointment well. It’s sweet, John thinks. “Well then, how about a takeaway? Anything you want, to celebrate you coming ho- coming back here.”
The dance floor was crowded with bodies, a tangle of limbs and movement as the music pulsed around them, the melody barely discernable over the chaos. Some had arrived in packs, including a group of women clearly on a hen-do, whereas others arrived in couples, who danced so close to one another that the expression 'glued by the hip' would be an understatement. Some had arrived alone, but found themselves a fellow loner, or maybe even two, to dance with. John Watson did come with a friend, another doctor, but was since left alone to drown his bitterness and loneliness in whiskey, sat at the bar while his friend was at the flat of a girl he'd managed to pull. He wondered if it was even worth staying much longer or if he should just go home and maybe watch some crap telly before falling asleep. Travelling back in time to make the choice not to come was pointless - staying at home wouldn't have been any more interesting.
Not so good. There was another set of wings suddenly, and John felt his heart sink further. Another one? He turned and immediately recognised Mycroft, except he looked older, and more professional.
“John,” Sherlock rumbled and John flinched slightly at the tone of frustration in his tone.
*.*.*.
Restraint – Sherlock was an Alpha, and yet when he fought, he was not brutal like all the other Alphas. He was somewhat lenient and allowed the other Alpha to regain his wits before starting his next attack, and never caused enough damage to be truly harmful – just enough to make the other Alpha submit and concede defeat.
Sherlock pulled away and waved for him to sit down at the table, and John did so obediently, watching as Sherlock turned his back and served up a rather large serving of pasta, and a small serve. With an internal sigh, John assumed that the big serve was for him. John didn’t want it, though, but he would eat it to keep Sherlock happy.
Sherlock watched John and then took a step back, extending his hand to John and commanding, “Come. Walk with me.”
Despite the fact that Sherlock continuously scorned him for being slow, John was not stupid. He knew when something was up, especially when it concerned Sherlock. It had started not long after the detective had returned from being “dead”. John hadn’t noticed at first, still too overwhelmed (and
John was born and raised in a wild wolf pack. They lived deep in the forest, and never went anywhere near human civilisation. John was taught that humans were greedy, nasty things that were never to be trusted. John had been the runt of a litter of six, but had quickly outgrown the rest of his littermates, and that of the Alpha. But even though John was the biggest, he never desired to lead the pack. He wasn’t an Alpha. He just wanted to follow the orders of his pack Alpha and to be as useful as he could to the pack. The pack Alpha was kind and tolerated John and treated him the same as all of the other wolves.
There was a clearing of the throat, and John looked up to see Sherlock staring at him intensely, the phone extended in his hand, and John took it, carefully letting his fingers brush against Sherlock’s as Sherlock murmured, “Thank you.”
“You-you can speak in my head,” John stated, blinking in shock, his still-asleep mind not functioning properly.
“John?” Sherlock asked lowly, fury evident in his tone, “What does he mean?”
The DI sighed, “Sherlock Holmes? Dangerous criminal?” he prompted, raising an eyebrow.
“I’m sorry for leaving,” John apologised softly, tilting his head back to look up at Sherlock, “I shouldn’t have done it and I won’t do it again.”
After a while, the human came into the section of the dwelling where John was hiding, and sat down on a sharp-lined object that smelt like leather. “You’ll have to come out if you want some of this,” the human spoke, sounding amused, and holding up a piece of meat, blood still dripping from it.
How had Sherlock managed to get his address? John knew he should feel unnerved that the Alpha knew where he lived, but he was only curious. The danger of having a wanted man knowing exactly where he lived was thrilling.
“Ah,” Sherlock looked sheepish, “Well, curiosity, I suppose, good doctor.”
He was uncomfortable in the clothes, but his gaze was glued to Sherlock as he watched his human mingle and search the crowd for their murderer. Regularly, Sherlock’s gaze would sweep over to him, then he’d turn away once he was satisfied John was still in the same spot and safe.
*.*.*.
“Enter,” Sherlock commanded, sounding superior and calm despite the tenseness John could still feel lingering in the Alpha’s body.
John was uncomfortable with this, but he didn’t protest. They were in a club, and Sherlock was in disguise to try and lure the murder to get him. Before they had left, Sherlock had come back from his bedroom with a pair of tight dark jeans (John hadn’t seen Sherlock wearing since the human had been in his teens) and his purple silk shirt which had several buttons undone. He’d pulled on a light-brown wig (Sherlock’s hair was naturally brown, but it was such a dark colour that it could be passed as black), and when he’d picked up on John’s discomfort, he’d smiled warmly at his werewolf and assured John that he was counting on him to protect him. Then he’d been ushered into the bedroom and a pair of dark jeans were waiting for him, as well as a brown long-sleeved shirt and a leather jacket.
Sherlock made a noise of disgust. “I’m not looking for someone who’ll bow down to my every wish and command. I want an Omega that’s capable of making their own choices, someone that can tell me when I’m doing something incredibly stupid,” Sherlock explained, his hand gently rubbing over John’s arm with his thumb.
Sherlock nodded his head in agreement, looking pleased.
“Release Doctor Watson, Sherlock!” One ordered, which, of course, was the complete wrong move.
John didn’t blink, but he sniffed the air thoroughly. Human, male, recently eaten. John could also smell the slightest hint of concern, but it was almost masked by the strong scent of fascination and curiosity. And yet, there was no smell of weapons of any kind on him. Not a hunter, then. This didn’t make John any more comfortable around him. This was a human, who was not to be trusted. John’s hackles rose as the human kept walking forward, and John made an aborted lunge, snapping his teeth, falling on the defensive as panic started to curl in him.
As John’s month of leave drew to an end, Sherlock was growing bigger and bigger every day – the dragon had told him that he would continue growing for years, but after he was two months old he would be able to change his size and become invisible (a talent John didn’t know dragons were capable of).
Thanks for all the love and support and kudos and comments, I love every one of you! I hope you can be patient with me whilst I get back into my writing groove! Hopefully the next chapter won't take a month, but I can't make any promises as I'm doing tafe this year and may get busy... Love you all heaps, please know I love every comment and kudos I receive!
“Right, I have to be go. Left my riding crop in the morgue,” Sherlock said, striding away and paused at the door, winking at John before disappearing.
John shook his head, but before he could say anything more, a figure loomed over them.
Mike started forward again, determination in his set jaw, and John rushed forward, blocking him. “Mike, stop it!” John demanded.
John gaped for a moment, astounded with all of the information that this Dom had just given him. And it was all, completely, “Amazing,” John breathed out without thinking.
“No,” Sherlock told him quietly, pressing a kiss to John’s lips. “But, if I’m good, I’ll be on parole.”
“Mind untying me?” John asked, raising an eyebrow and wiggling his fingers.
Upset, John barged in the door and raced up the stairs. John’s gaze locked onto Sherlock and found that Sherlock was on the phone, pacing and talking, but he instantly stilled at John’s arrival, gaze flicking over the distress evident in his body.
He bolted into the alley, seeing a knocked over shiny round thing, and Sherlock on the floor. Letting out a soft cry, John raced over to him, kneeling down and trying to see what damage had been done. Except, he couldn’t see any. The second John realised he’d been tricked, Sherlock lunged upwards and tackled John to the ground, straddling his waist and keeping him pinned.
He was clutching his kit and had on gloves and protective gear at the insistence of the guards. John walked into the room, the guards hovering behind him, and blinked as he took it in. There, lying strapped down on a bed, was Sherlock Holmes. His skin was pale and held a sheen of sweat, and his dark curly hair was clumped with blood. One eye was swollen closed, and he had multiple cuts and bruises and wounds all down his naked body.
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, “I knew you’d say that. But, John, I’m almost finished here. Another week or two and I’ll be out. Meanwhile, you can go back to Baker Street and rest.”
“Don’t do it again,” Sherlock’s voice trembled, vulnerable.
“Come on, John. We’ll give her to Lestrade then get out before he can try and drag us into paperwork,” Sherlock said with a smile.
John sighed in content and relaxed into the kiss, closing his eyes and enjoying the bliss that came from being with Sherlock. “I love you,” John murmured warmly.
“Sherlock,” John murmured softly, placing his hand over Sherlock’s to comfort him. Then, he addressed the guards and Lestrade, “If you do arrest me, I need to have constant contact with my mate. I’m sure you’ve all heard what happens to Alphas who are denied their mates.”
Sherlock gave a low chuckle, and pressed more kisses against his lips. “I know, John, I know. But I have to go. But, I promise I’ll be back… sometime,” Sherlock told him as he gently extracted himself from John’s grip.
*.*.*.*.*
“You play chess?” John asked, standing up as well. Sherlock was the only reason here was here, after all.
Sherlock huffed, turning his head and gazing at his flank. John followed his gaze and sucked in a sharp breath as he saw the wound. It looked like a bullet had grazed Sherlock’s side. John prodded at it carefully, frowning. “We’re going to need to stitch that up. Can you turn back?” John asked, meeting Sherlock’s gaze once more.
It was just a small festival, but there were a lot of people. He stumbled on someone’s shoe and fell into someone else, apologized profusely and moved not. Not long after, John started feeling woozy. He’d been drugged so many times that he recognized the feeling immediately. Casually, he stuck his hand into his pocket and pulled out his phone. His vision was starting to blur, but he managed to find the setting for turning on his location, switched it on and then speed-dialed one. He kept walking as he did this, bringing his phone to his ear and glancing around to see if there was anyone watching him. Not that he could see, but his brain was turning fuzzy as well now.
John bit his lip, debating, feeling four eyes watching him, one small and pleading, the rest just watching and waiting. Finally, he took in a deep breath. “Sure,” he said, still slightly hesitant.
His phone ringing pulled John out of his sleep. Groaning and grumbling, he sat up and rolled out of bed, finding his phone and blearily looked at the time. It was already one pm, but John was still recovering from his heat. He accepted the call and snapped, “What?”
John snarled at that, shoving away from Sherlock and sitting up on his own, glaring at Sherlock. “I don’t need to ‘
Scrubbing his hands over his face, John glanced out the window. It was light. He should go for a walk, get some fresh air. Grabbing his cane, he heaved himself up and walked out the door.
John cleared his throat, glancing away and back to his work. “I was born in the city. Grew up here. I applied for the army at eighteen, but they declined because I’m an Omega,” John said, and snorted. “So, I became a doctor instead. My favourite colour is purple. Maybe you should buy a purple shirt for yourself so I can appreciate it.”
Sherlock looked stunned, eyes glued to the scars on John’s shoulder, fingers ghosting over it gently. “After eliminating the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth,” Sherlock murmured to himself, then looked up and met John’s eyes.
, Sherlock,” John grunted, “As if I’d ever leave you!”
Stepping under the spray of the water, John closed his eyes and ruffled his hair to get it thoroughly wet. He needed to have his fur washed today, and had planned on asking Sherlock to do it for him, but would this bump be visible in his wolf form as well? Without realising, John’s hands went down to his belly and cupped the bump. There was another nudge against his hand, and John startled, looking down then sighing, a small smile twitching his lips upwards.
Once John was done, John stood. Sherlock’s grip tightened on his shirt, and he yanked on it hard, causing John to stumble forward and catch himself on the bed, partially leaning forward over Sherlock, his ear by Sherlock’s mouth. He heard the guards swear and start forward, but John held up a hand to indicate they should wait.
He made his way back to the park and froze in shock as he saw his Alpha there, frowning. John hid behind a tree, heart pounding quickly. He didn’t want his Alpha to see him like this. Not that John thought he would recognise him, but because John abhorred his human form. His old pack would have kicked him out if he’d ever let them see him in this form, and he didn’t want to risk Sherlock seeing him like this.
Weren’t the guards meant to stop Alphas from carrying Omegas into their tents? But, as John inhaled the sleepy scent of Sherlock, he decided he was glad, however Sherlock had managed to sneak him into his tent.
Instantly, John bolted down the stairs and managed to open the door by himself, dashing outside and as far away from the den as he could. He made it quite a way before he collapsed in a park, surrounded by trees, and felt the transformation force its way through his body.
“You don’t understand!” John called. “I
John bit his lower lip as he thought for a moment. “Yes. Yes, I will,” John told Sherlock with a smile.
wings. I-I remember feeling them before,” Sherlock said, his voice soft. “Who
They were both so distracted that neither of them noticed the camera in the corner swivelling and zooming in on them as Sherlock kissed John’s belly a few more times, then gently brought John’s hands away from his face and tenderly kissed his lips once more.
“You don’t need any more salt than what’s already in there,” Sherlock told him firmly, and John whined.
He was trapped, wounded and vulnerable.
Sherlock gave a short growl of discontent. Even as a child, Sherlock had always thought of the dangers
“Do… it,” Sherlock rasped out, his gaze firm even as his body was weak and his grip on John’s hand slack.
“Oh, no, John, it’s not. No, you being an Omega is simply a plus. You don’t act like a typical Omega – you walk and talk like a Beta, strong and defiant. You’re a doctor, and yet you also applied to be a soldier. No, army doctor. You are so very interesting, John,” Sherlock explained, slowly walking forward as he spoke, so slowly that John didn’t notice until he stopped talking and suddenly Sherlock was in his space.
John nodded and leapt, transforming and hitting the pavement with four paws, instantly darting after her. She was much bigger than him in this form, but John was faster.
“You can’t stay, can you?” John asked quietly, his gaze searching his face.
“I’m sure Sherlock will come soon to save you,” a young voice giggled, the sound echoing.
“What are you doing here?” Mr Holmes demanded, authority in his voice as he straightened to his full height, glaring at John.
*.*.*.*.*
“Me too,” he agreed.
“This is your collar, John,” Sherlock told him, stroking the metal possessively, “It shows that you are mine, and that no one can harm you without having to deal with me.”
“You named your pet
So, John ignored his stalker and walked on to his festival and night out.
Sherlock’s hand slipped up and cradled the back of John’s head, his long fingers gently slipping through his hair and calming him.
Walking into the bathroom, John crouched beside the tub and turned on the water to a temperature which he found to be right. “You don’t need a hot bath, do you? Because I’m not sitting in a boiling tub,” John told Sherlock, glancing down at the dragon.
“Sherlock?” John asked worriedly, hurrying over to his mate and perching on the edge of the mattress, reaching out and resting his hand hesitantly on Sherlock’s side.
He could feel Sherlock’s hesitation through the bond, and then, hesitantly, Sherlock lifted himself off of John enough so that he could lift his head and roll his shoulders.
John couldn’t help it, he laughed. Sherlock joined in with low chuckles after a moment.
“Are you okay, John?” Sherlock asked softly, still smelling faintly of fear.
He was still gorgeous. Sherlock’s cheekbones had always been pronounced, but they were now more than ever, and his curls were even curlier than ever. There were deep bags under his eyes, and he was skinny, but he’d grown. Sherlock was taller than him by a good few inches now, and John reached up hesitantly and pressed his palm against Sherlock’s cheek. Slowly, John stretched up and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips gently.
John tackled her and easily restrained her, snarling in her face. She fell still, and John grabbed her by her scruff and dragged her to the police station, transforming before he got there and she followed his lead. John  pulled out his phone and texted Sherlock, waiting patiently for him.
*.*.*.*
With that, Sherlock leapt off of John’s shoulders and glided to the floor and quickly scurried away. Sighing and pinching the bridge of his nose, an annoyed frown creasing his face, John brushed his teeth. By the time he exited the bathroom, Sherlock was nowhere in sight.
John nodded enthusiastically. He wasn’t sure why he was so excited – after all, they could be in a lot of trouble if they were caught – but he pushed it aside. “I’ll be waiting!” he called as he left the room and shut the door quietly and ran down the hallways, and outside. He ran for a while, until he was sure he wouldn’t be seen, and took off his shirt, spreading his wings and taking flight. He was so excited!
“Really, Sherlock, I don’t understand why you insist on living out here,” his Alpha’s littermate sighed, coming and sitting on the sofa John was hiding behind, and his hackles raised.
John instantly got up and followed him out of the house, relieved when Sherlock lead them into the fresh air of London and around to an alleyway, where he promptly turned and pressed John up against the wall and moved his hand away from his nose before inhaling sharply.
John couldn’t hold it back any longer and came with a scream of Sherlock’s name. Sherlock continued fucking him through it, then picked up the pace, snarling as he slammed into John’s body repeatedly with such force that the bed rocked and banged into the wall.
I get that you were upset that I lied to you, and about the… other thing… But you moved in with him for five months! What must that have looked like?’
John and Mary are the last to arrive, and despite the others having already toasted Sherlock’s return, Mary announces their engagement as soon as they walk in. The news is like a spear to Sherlock’s heart, yet through the pain he makes the celebration all about them, pouring more champagne and toasting the happy couple. He’s dying on the inside, and he knows that John can see it when his friend makes a point of telling him that he never actually proposed to Mary, that she plucked the ring from his pocket and started wearing it. Interesting, Sherlock thinks. Why tell him this? Surely he was planning to propose anyway so it makes no difference how it eventually happened. At least the information gives Sherlock something to deduce.
The photo shows John tied to a wheelchair, his face contorted as if in pain. There’s barely anything else visible, but Eurus must have sent him this for a reason.
This is when he breaks.
‘I can’t just do nothing! We’ll have to get out of the way once forensics get here. Why don’t we head to the station, we can get that photo blown up on a big screen’, he addresses Mycroft rather than Sherlock, and with a hand on his back he coaxes the elder Holmes out to the front drive.
searching anything without a full forensic suit and gloves.
‘So when this murder happened’, John surmises, ‘I’m the only one who thought that this was how The Woman died.’
Sherlock sighs, but still doesn’t look at him. ‘Nothing to talk about, I made a mistake. Won’t happen again.’
from existence, just like I did to our parents’, she says, stepping out from behind John’s chair, her gun arm twitching with the effort not to just point and shoot.
[Sent 21:06]
forgiven her. I know that means I should too, but after everything – after
While Sherlock appreciates the sentiment, he doesn't believe the words.
‘I’ll have to name her. My daughter’, he chokes on the word. ‘Name her and bury her.’
Mary gets up, putting her hand on John’s arm and giving him a look that says
‘Could you stay here tonight?’ He whispers.
Sherlock
When John arrives on Sunday, it’s already early evening and the smell of Mrs Hudson’s cooking is filling the hallway.
‘Things?’ John prompts. Could the man be any more vague?
‘Oh, Mikey… what happened?’ She puts a hand over her eyes, squinting against the light. ‘Did I faint?’
Sherlock is out of the cab before it’s even stopped moving, and John leaps out after him, completely forgetting to pay the driver. Mycroft, who had been waiting for him, throws an arm out to catch the blur of motion that is his baby brother.
He lights up a cigarette as soon as he is out of the door to the morgue, standing in the hospital corridor. It’s a no smoking area, as all hospitals are, but Sherlock doesn’t think the occupants of the morgue need to worry about second-hand smoke.
‘Seriously? Months of silence and we’re going to do this now?’
‘There’s a lot of good memories in that flat. Tough decision to leave it after all these years.’
‘Utility?! How do I have utility?’
John opens his mouth to declare that completely unfair, only to promptly close it again. She’s right; it wasn’t fair on their child that he didn’t support her mother during the pregnancy. Regardless of his feelings towards Mary at the time, he never would have forgiven himself if something went wrong and he wasn’t there.
‘Hmm. That’s actually a possibility’, he replies absentmindedly.
‘Why are you here, Mycroft?’ Sherlock tries again.
Never let it be said that Sherlock Holmes doesn’t respond to flattery.
It isn’t long before he is overcome by both a physical and emotional exhaustion, and falls into a fitful sleep, dreaming of a heavily pregnant Mary Watson, in her wedding dress, shooting a taxi driver in the shoulder on the snow dappled streets of Marylebone.
He stands again, stepping back to give the scene back to the forensic team. ‘This may be the dullest case you’ve ever called me in on, Giles.’
When he spots it over breakfast the next morning, he’s unreasonably furious. Despite the fact that he’d obviously planned to propose to her, he finds himself annoyed to see the ring sitting plainly on her finger, as if the question had gone ahead uninterrupted. When he tries to bring it up with her she’s understandably hurt, thinking he no longer wants to marry her, and he doesn’t have the strength to talk it through with her. He needs to see Sherlock, to thank him for saving his life again, and to finally listen to what he has to say.
‘What the hell was
Mary jumps into the conversation. ‘You never told me that.’
‘How did you -?’ Lestrade starts to ask, before stopping himself. They don’t have time for Sherlock to explain his deductions. ‘Any clue as to where she’s taken him?’
‘She was your
John mumbles something and in one quick movement Eurus rips the tape from his lips. ‘What was that, John?’
John smiles softly, picking up his own glass and clinking it against Sherlock’s.
‘And for us, Mary. Really.’
That after losing him for two years, and Mary being part of his grieving and moving on process, she still didn’t seem to understand what he meant to him. Lying about her name he could deal with. The problems of her past are her business, after all, and they seemed almost inconsequential in comparison.
Mrs. Hudson calls that nice young man, Gregory, and the lovely Molly, and starts flitting about the flat talking of champagne and a welcome home party. Sherlock doesn’t have the heart to upset her so he reluctantly agrees.
‘Christ, I’m exhausted,’ John yawns. ‘Any chance we can pick up the case tomorrow? I don’t think I’d be much use to you right now.’
His mother begins to stir at the sound of his shout. Mycroft sits beside her, helping her to lean back against the sofa.
He launches himself out of his chair.
Over the past several days, Sherlock has been working with John on a speech to deliver to Mary this afternoon. He’d been
‘Care to tell me why you’ve changed the plan at the last moment?’ he hisses. ‘You weren’t supposed to speak to her until
Mycroft raises an eyebrow but doesn’t respond. He simply takes out his phone and types a quick message, nodding once at John. Sherlock, having waited for Mycroft’s response, gets up and grabs John’s arm, dragging him out into the hallway outside the kitchen.
What did you think that meant?’
she sobs loudly, making Sherlock even more uncomfortable than he had been in John’s presence. ‘After everything he went through when
‘How long?’, are the words that pass his lips.
Refusing to give up what he wants without a fight, Sherlock texts back:
not the one that John really wants to be close to, he’s just the only one that’s there.
‘Like I said, I didn’t
The sun is rising by the time John remembers to text Mary. He also messages his boss, asking for the day off as he has a terrible sickness bug. He’s almost falling asleep in the morgue, sitting on one of the tall stools at the counter. Sherlock hovers over Molly’s shoulder, watching her take the relevant samples of body fluids, fibres, and fingerprints for analysis, along with blood for toxicology. Sherlock expects them to be about as fruitful as the samples taken from Mr Horningsea. He’s here to see the bullet.
John’s eyes widen as he understands what Sherlock is implying. He swallows, feeling like he can’t get enough air, unable to take his eyes off Sherlock’s chest, despite him being covered with a shirt. His left hand starts to flex on his leg in an effort to keep himself calm. Sherlock recognises the beginning of a panic attack, and mentally kicks himself for not keeping his mouth shut.
‘You could have just called him.’
‘Then I deleted her…’ Sherlock assumes, because he remembers getting Redbeard, he remembers being happy again.
‘Sorry,
‘I know, Sherlock, and I appreciate that I could just come back here, but when I do, I don’t want to be moving back as just your flatmate...’ He pauses to let that sink in. ‘… and I can’t simply jump from one relationship to another.’
‘Happy anniversary, John. Here’s to another thirty years.’
into his palms. Mr. Holmes remains stoic except for a crinkle above his nose, reminiscent of his son’s. The aforementioned son is chewing the inside of his mouth in an effort not to speak, while his mother pushes her chair violently back from the table, jostling the bowls of cooling vegetables, and jumping to her feet.
‘I think letting Mary keep that is the least I could do.’
‘There was something interesting from Lestrade that confirms what I was already thinking: Mei Li had another job. She worked in the T.T. Tsui Gallery at the V&A, specifically with Chinese teapots.’
Before Mary died, hmm? Did you know – did you
‘Mummy,’ Mycroft tries to calm her down.
Sherlock spends a brief moment on the therapist’s laptop: no password. It’s as if she hasn’t even tried.
Once dressed, and with his hair styled, John stands beside Sherlock again, facing the case wall. Sherlock points out one badly lit photograph, depicting a murky street corner. There are lamps on the main street, but down the side of the building, opposite where the cab was parked, there are deep dark shadows.
‘I don’t think you’re seeing things’, John replies, his appetite swiftly reduced as a nervous/exhilarated flutter starts in the pit of his stomach. ‘Shit, these murders really are about our cases. It must be a follower of the blog!’
Sherlock risks turning away from Eurus to look behind him at Mycroft, and one shared glance tells him all he needs to know: Mycroft always knew he was the target, and he had entered this building fully prepared to die.
‘A cabbie shot in the shoulder while on a smoke break. He’d dropped his last passenger off in Southwark at around ten-thirty yesterday evening – I interviewed her today, nothing amiss. The autopsy showed little of any interest, though I did ask Molly to look into something specifically. Her report came through just before you arrived – it’s printed off in the file. The bullet has gone to ballistics, should have some answers in the morning.’ He starts to fill his plate with the finger food that John has laid out. His doctor knows that he is unlikely to eat a full meal, but the onion bhajis are irresistible.
‘Mycroft? Oh, you mean the actual Queen.’
‘You understand now why I’m finding this so hard?
‘If this isn’t him – and it isn’t – then you aren’t going to get an outcome you are happy with. You can’t lock up a dead man. I’ll waste my time on this case, if that’s what you want, but
We talk for what seems like hours, about my work and John’s army experience. We talk about Mike Stamford and how we both came to know him. He asks me about the violin, making a very suggestive comment about my fingers that makes me blush (how many times have I blushed this evening?), and I find myself downplaying my musical ability. I resolve to perform for him one day.
‘Don’t be childish, Sherlock. None of this has been easy for me. I told you I was investigating a lead, and until I knew for certain it wasn’t worth sharing that information with you.’
future are my privilege, Sherlock. Remember that.’
Over the past five months that John has been temporarily living at Baker Street again, the two of them have grown much closer. There had always been love and affection between them, but John had never analysed it, had attempted to keep his feelings firmly in the platonic box. But the intimacy of caring for Sherlock, of dressing the wound that had been inflicted by his wife, has forced him to take a deeper look at his feelings. There have been more of the casual touches between them, and nights when they had shared the sofa instead of sitting in their respective chairs, falling asleep against one another. Sherlock had once again started to intrude on John’s private fantasies, something which he hadn’t allowed himself to indulge in since before Sherlock died. At times, he gets the impression that Sherlock feels the same way about him, but he’s just so bloody difficult to read! Do the soft smiles and the quiet affection mean something to him, or is he just trying to thank John for being there for him? He can’t be sure, so he’s never pushed the issue. And now they’re here, spending Christmas with Sherlock’s parents… and his wife.
him, he had suddenly realised so many little things about her that didn’t sit right with him. The subtle little digs she’d been aiming at Sherlock, and John’s friendship/working relationship with him. Were they really there, or was John trying to justify the thoughts going through his mind? The thoughts about packing his bag and returning to Baker Street where they would no longer require two bedrooms.
flustered) I remove my coat and suit jacket, rolling up my shirt sleeves to my elbows. After hanging John’s coat with mine (I like the look of them together) I take both of his hands, turning them over and gently stroking the fingers until they open up. I find what I am looking for, a small black smudge of gunpowder underneath the skin of his right palm.
‘So, there’s nothing for him to give us. It’s impossible to make him “delete” what he has up there…’ His words drift off as a thought occurs to him, ‘We would have to destroy his vaults’, he says under his breath. ‘Oh Christ, Sherlock!’ He throws his hands up in the air, then pulls them down quickly, visibly restraining himself from slapping the moron in front of him. ‘That’s why you wanted the bloody gun? What were you going to do, shoot him in the fucking head?’
He should call, he knows he should, but he’s exhausted and too emotionally drained to go through the events of the evening again. He types out a quick response instead.
‘I have not asked her to do the autopsy, Gregory, though I believe she will volunteer. She’s simply there to provide support to Dr Watson. Dr Hooper is stronger than you give her credit for.’
‘Shit, it’s Mary. I’ve got to go.’ He drags himself from the sofa, ruffling his hair and trying to flatten it down again. ‘I need to be at work at nine’, he groans, taking his coat off the back of the door and trying to fight his sleep-heavy arms into it. He has one foot out of the door when Sherlock’s phone rings, and he stops, waiting for Sherlock to listen to the caller and relay the details.
With a renewed sense of purpose, he begins tidying the flat, stacking old piles of sheet music and magazines, sweeping the floor, and even throwing away the, somewhat putrid, kidney experiment. He’ll need to disinfect the fridge.
‘Sherlock! At long last. You’ve been pestering me every hour for the last week for cases you could solve from home, which I know better than to question, then today you ignore all my texts. Where the hell have you been?’
‘Of course, John. Your bed is made up. I’ll just look over Molly’s report, then I’ll head to bed myself.’
‘John, she’s not even been born yet, let alone opening cupboards. Let me know when she starts crawling and I’ll buy a padlock.’
go out on your own, you hear me? Take Lestrade if you must. Promise me?’
Sherlock knows: he could read it plain as day on his brother’s face. Mycroft has no desire to sound callous, but he doesn’t waste time with pleasantries.
‘So, you have the person in custody, then?’
‘Look at this’, he calls, suddenly realising the others are no longer there. Frustrated, he runs out of the building, yelling at them again as he catches up, pushing to stand between them both so they can see his phone. ‘Look! this wall, it… doesn’t meet the floor! It doesn’t… What kind of a ridiculous design is that? Can’t be an external wall, obviously, unless they’re in some kind of -’
Mycroft, who is still keeping quiet to avoid Eurus’s focus, frowns at her description of her relationship with his younger brother. “Close” was not the word he would choose to describe her abusive treatment of him.
‘With your mum in the living room. You go; I’ll make sure your dad’s okay.’
Mary stands up from the sofa, quicker than a woman in her condition should be able to, and simply walks out of the room, not speaking to either of them.
The proposal never did quite happen.
‘Oh, without a doubt, The Woman.’
He’s so caught up in the outpouring of his own emotions, he fails to hear the footsteps approaching the flat until a voice speaks behind him, just as the kettle finishes boiling.
until you interfered. Skip forward a few years, and you have all the resources of the British Government at your disposal, yet you never once tried to find me. Quite the opposite, in fact, you
‘Oh, and those cheap earrings clearly don’t belong to her, just look at the princess cut diamond on her right hand.’
That night the conversations with Mary had centred on the return of the great detective: John vowing to never speak to his former best friend again, whereas Mary was being surprisingly supportive of the man she’d never known – even daring to say that she
‘Sarcasm. You use it when you’re nervous. Do I frighten you?’
‘Probably both.’
for abandoning her over the last five months, “She’ll be happy, probably cry. Women seem to do that. Hormones.” This went past a friend trying to help a struggling marriage; this felt like a plan.
‘No, but I have my bees. They’re endlessly fascinating… like you.’
Emboldened by a sudden wave of relief and optimism, he turns to Sherlock, taking his face in his hands and gently planting a firm kiss on his plump lips. He pulls back, before Sherlock has a chance to react, and smiles at his deeply flushed cheeks. It’s so endearingly easy to embarrass him. He sees his friend’s (boyfriend’s) hands gripping his knees, fingers digging into the flesh, knuckles white, and he slides his own hands over the top. Sherlock’s hands relax and he turns them palm up, taking hold of John’s and lacing their fingers together.
Sherlock understands as soon as he crosses the threshold, and the sight has him immediately reaching for his mobile to call John.
‘Or a police officer, lab technician, news reporter… Any number of people could have the details of these cases. But yes, it would appear we have a fan’, Sherlock responds, absentmindedly taking a bite of the bread John had left for him.
‘Why don’t you have a lie down, Mummy? I’ll make you some tea.’ Sherlock stands taking his mother’s arm while John takes the other. Mycroft raises his eyebrow at Sherlock’s offer to make tea, but before he can comment his father meets his eyes and silently suggests they go outside to smoke on the back terrace.
She nods, excusing herself to prepare, thankful that Mary’s small wound will be hidden from view. The only sign that the body on the table died a violent death is her wide open eyes, and with a gloved hand, Molly gently closes them. She opens the curtains on the window that looks onto the viewing room next door, knowing that Sherlock would have already guided John through. Rather than wait in the morgue, Molly leaves the sheet back from Mary’s face and enters the room to be with John.
‘Smaller than my Sig, though not by much. Pretty similar gun, really. The PPK is a compact version of the standard PP, made for concealed carrying. Never fired one myself, mind.’
A picture message.
‘Our parents
‘Why are you doing all this? It’s not about Magnussen, is it? Pushing me to forgive Mary, giving her the memory stick back… Why?’
‘If she wasn’t pregnant I would have divorced her, there and then.’
The text came through during Sherlock’s fourth game of bridge with Mrs. Hudson. He’d lost the first three (she cheated, obviously) so anything that interrupted her unsportsmanlike cackling would have been welcome, even if it was Mycroft. Yet, Sherlock is undeniably grateful that the name on the screen is
‘There’s been another one.’
‘I did actually, I assumed it was Mrs H’, he laughs. ‘Still, I’m not sure hazardous chemicals in the cupboard, and body parts in the fridge, make a safe environment for a baby. Maybe you can eventually get that separate fridge I’ve always nagged you about!’
‘You want Sherlock,’ John says.
‘It’s a plan, John. I’ve been
before.
‘Sherlock, I love you. I always have, if I’m honest. And regardless of what this means for us, I know I can’t marry Mary when I feel this way about you. It wouldn’t be fair on any of us.’
‘Thank you for the distraction’, he throws over his shoulder, making his landlady smile warmly.
As John drinks, Sherlock tells him what Molly had said about the bullet, about the cases most definitely being related.
Sherlock can see his husband falter. ‘Lestrade always knew it was you.’
‘You’re MI6. I’m sure you can sort something out. If I solve this case, no, if I even
‘Why are we doing this? We
‘But all the previous victims had an item on them that linked to you, to your childhood. Mary didn’t.’
there’s a plan!’
‘Have you gone
Mary looks at John out of the corner of her eye, knowing full well they hadn’t begun to discuss it. ‘We thought May.’
John never asks in advance of a visit: Sherlock suspects an ulterior motive.
Mycroft is white, his mouth opening and closing like the goldfish he abhors.
seen Sherlock as he was holding his face in his gloved hands, eyes filled with terror and panic. By the time he got back to his flat with Mary all he wanted to do was shower off the smell of burning and get some sleep, so he can be forgiven for not noticing something that had clearly happened the night before: Mary was wearing the engagement ring.
‘How could you
John is surprised to see that Mary has already left by the time he returns to the kitchen, Sherlock walking closely behind him, their hands almost touching. Mycroft appraises them both, smirking slightly. ‘Shall we be getting that happy announcement at last?’
and two sentences of a text message shouldn’t be able to make him cry at all
‘Deal.’ John clinks their wine glasses together.
‘No! No, I like it. Makes it cosy, I suppose.’ He turns around to look into the kitchen at the table covered with chemistry equipment and the remnants of last night’s experiment. ‘I take it you don’t use the kitchen table to actually eat?’
Giving in to his curiosity, Sherlock sits at the table, watching John drain his first glass of wine, and pour a second, before he addresses the issue on his mind.
‘Yes, of course’, Sherlock answers politely, ignoring the nausea he feels at the mention of Mary and their child. ‘Do you still have any of your old notes from these cases?’
‘John, Moriarty is dead. Someone was most probably playing an, admittedly fortuitously timed, prank. I’m feigning as much interest as I can until
‘Ah, so that’s when the constant surveillance began’, Greg tries to break the tension with a joke that falls flat.
He has a lot of thinking to do.
‘It’s not always about what you want, it’s about what you
He nods to his brother: he’s ready.
‘Is it in your coat?’
John snorts, but doesn’t comment.
When Sherlock sees that John has started to turn somewhat green, he encourages him to leave the remainder of their drinks and head home whilst they can still walk, choosing to tackle the forty minute trek back to the flat, rather than risk John being sick in the back of a cab. More than once Mycroft has had to pay for cabs to be cleaned after one of Sherlock’s sessions.
Turning his coat collar up against the January chill, he rests against the car door and lights up.
Is there anyone I *won't* kill off??
John lets out a breath he feels like he’s been holding since Sherlock stepped off that roof.
‘I realised I’d made a mistake when I deduced you had shot the cabby for me, but by then I’d already given you the
Eventually the silence in the room is too heavy for John and the judgemental stares from the previously friendly Mrs. Holmes encourage him to put down his fork and speak up.
‘Was it the same person that did this?’ Lestrade asks, pointing at the flat in front of them.
Mycroft asks, a split second of confusion darkening his features. ‘What do you mean,
Sherlock ponders over this for a long while, absentmindedly adding three nicotine patches to his arm. His heart and his mind are at odds with each other, which is a feeling he isn’t used to at all; while his heart is singing at John’s love confession (take that, Mary), his traitorous mind is terrified that John still
'Yeah. Well, once we’ve actually got engaged.’ She looks pointedly at Sherlock, but there’s fondness beneath it. ‘We were interrupted last time.’ Her tone has a smugness which Sherlock immediately dislikes.
yet a single droplet has already escaped, trailed down his cheek, and dripped down onto the screen of his phone. He swipes at his eyes with the sleeve of his jacket, frustrated at the ease at which he succumbed to emotion. For a long moment he pictures his fiancée, sitting at home waiting for him, wanting to plan their wedding together. Then he thinks of Sherlock, sitting at home waiting for him, heart cracked open and vulnerable, admitting to feelings he never thought he’d have.
‘Lestrade. He’s always known it was you that shot Jeff Hope; made a joke about it today, if you can believe that.’
would she do something like that?’ he asks.
’, she says, her tone of voice betraying her opinion of upper class living.
Carefully carrying the tea through the old cottage, he knocks on the closed living room door and enters without waiting for a response. Mary is seated on the sofa reading one of Mrs. Holmes’ scientific texts, and probably understanding every word. Her bright red cardigan fits in perfectly with the various Christmas paraphernalia in the room and with the shining red tinsel on the seven-foot spruce in the corner.
when John reacts, looking as though he’s been slapped – face red with either embarrassment or anger, though his pupils are dilated so maybe it’s arousal. Sherlock flicks his eyes down John’s body to look for… other signs.
Sherlock averts his eyes, the colour flooding to his cheeks, embarrassed to have been found out. ‘I worry that this isn’t real. That you’ll go and then I’ll wake up.’
He sits down on the long seat under the window, looking at his brother with undisguised contempt.
‘I think we need to talk, Sherlock’, Mycroft says to his brother, turning away from the officers in the kitchen and striding back out to the front drive.
‘Yeah, I’ve got all my old notebooks. I’ll dig them out tonight.’
A few hasty scribbles on the manuscript paper and he has an idea where to start. Lifting the violin to his chin, he begins to play.
‘Indeed. Except sometimes it is, brother mine. In accordance with your wishes, the British government has decided not to pursue Ms. Morstan in relation to your shooting. I would be surprised if we heard from her again.’ He reaches inside his jacket pocket. ‘Doctor Watson? We did find these in your home.’ He hands John the divorce papers, complete with Mary’s signature, and turns his attention to his brother.
‘I feel the same… Oh, you mean it’s
‘No joke’, he turns to his friend, ‘I’m sorry, Sherlock, but they should know why I’ve left her. He looks back at Mrs. Holmes, ‘Oh, and she’s not pregnant either. Just another one of her bloody lies.’
‘For fuck’s sake, Mycroft, you can’t just take this away from me and pretend it never happened. Are you actively
‘It was a contingency plan. That’s all. I was still hoping for physical vaults’, Sherlock looks away, abashed.
Sherlock sighs, clenching his jaw with the effort it takes not to lunge for Mycroft again. ‘I’ll ask you one more time.
‘Should I… come with you? To talk to Mary, I mean.’ The expression on Sherlock’s face says he would rather be anywhere but with Mary.
call, he wouldn’t have the first idea what to say, and he most assuredly doesn’t want to hear John’s voice when he tells him to go to hell. Disappearing is a valid option – he looks longingly at his coat – but if he leaves he may end up somewhere he vowed to himself he would never return to again. Five years clean and counting.
John thinks.
Sherlock resolves to pay John for his time helping on cases and running the blog – it will reduce the financial burden on him and may lead him to reducing his hours at the surgery, therefore being available to Sherlock more. He’s surprised he hadn’t thought of it before.
‘She did. Once. But I could never forgive her for trying to kill the man I…’ John trails off and coughs awkwardly. ‘… the man I… care about. More than I should. More than a married man should care about his best friend.’
eating
Mycroft holds a handkerchief to his nose, but doesn’t make a sound. He’s been punched before. He’s been punched by
Sherlock doesn’t make eye contact with John, not wanting him to see how much this scene has affected him. Instead, he speaks to Lestrade, ‘Yes, they’re all linked to me. To us. The cabbie shot in the shoulder – Jeff Hope; the Chinese woman who worked with teapots – Soo Lin Yao; and the dominatrix – Irene Adler. Whoever this killer is, they know things about our past cases that very few people know. Though they don’t know the truth about
‘Mycroft, can you organise a car to take Mary home, please?’
‘Why would I –’
‘Party’s over’, Sherlock announces, flopping dramatically into his chair, slouching down with his legs stretched out in front of him, closing his eyes and steepling his fingers beneath his chin.
He has to smile at Sherlock’s usual demand for milk, as if nothing momentous had happened just a few short hours ago. Regardless of whatever Sherlock is going through, at one time or another, his obsession with tea will never change. Neither will his apparent inability to buy the milk. John starts to put his phone back in his jacket pocket, thinks better of it, and sends another message.
‘Sherlock’, he groans, ‘It’s
The sun is setting on a warm evening in the Sussex Downs, the light reflecting off the beehives at the end of the plain, neat garden. The heat has built up in the south-facing garden throughout the day, though it has cooled just enough, thanks to the shading of some tall leylandii along the southern fence.
Sherlock’s voice brings him back to the present. ‘You were ridiculously obtuse. I had even
As abruptly as he entered, he leaves again, presumably to take the other cups to his father and brother. John frowns, trying to remember any other time that Sherlock had willingly made him tea (that wasn’t poisoned). Then again, he’s never really seen Sherlock’s interactions with his family before; maybe he’s always this accommodating with them, though John doubts it. He sits back, taking a long gulp of the perfectly made tea.
John sits himself up, yawning. ‘What did I miss?’
Their first session hadn’t gone as well as they had hoped (though it went about as well as John
Sherlock stands, but instead of following John into the house he pulls him towards him, wrapping him up in his arms.
‘Lestrade?’
- to Sherlock.
A light clicks on directly above his head, momentarily forcing him to slam his eyes closed again. When he’s able to adjust to the brightness, he sees the wheelchair he’s tied to with heavy duty rope, his feet strapped to the foot rests. The bare bulb above him creates a small circle of light, encapsulating him and his captor, sitting in a dining room chair opposite, in a bastardised version of their therapy sessions. She has a real gun now, he realises. Little else is visible in the shadows.
‘You’ve been outside for the last three hours.’ He states.
John reaches his side as a cab pulls to the kerb. ‘Any theories?’
‘You may be right’, Sherlock says quietly. ‘You know… Mrs. Hudson, Angelo, Mycroft… They all assumed you were my boyfriend.’
he cares for you? And that he’s doing these things to keep
John doesn’t look at Sherlock, just adjusts his cardigan awkwardly as he addresses Mycroft.
‘You’d really want to bring her here?’ he asks, the surprise evident in his voice.
‘I did. My mother’s coat was on the floor below the rack; she would never have allowed it to lie there, so she must have dropped it as she was… I thought there may be evidence as to what had happened. The note was in her right-hand pocket. The coat is where I found it, for your forensics team, and I wore gloves, naturally.’
‘They even tried to change my name, John. But I wouldn’t let them. I’m Eurus, the East Wind, and nobody is taking that away from me. It’s a pretty unique name, though, not like John, so despite it being a closed adoption, and the records being sealed, all it took was for me to mention my brother ‘Lock a few times, and my adoptive mother couldn’t help but google the names. I didn’t know this then, of course, and over the years I had forgotten my previous family. Then, twelve months ago, my mother got sick, and on her death bed she told me I was the sister of Sherlock Holmes. Suddenly, all of the memories were clear in my mind, and I made it my mission to find out everything I could about my brother.’
He imagines John smiling at that, he won’t be able to help himself.
here, depends entirely on the successful resolution of this case.’
When his breathing has calmed enough, and the rain has started to subside, John picks himself off the floor, grimacing at the wet patch on his behind, and ambles off in the direction of the Japanese Garden. He often finds himself in the tranquil garden after an argument with Sherlock – it’s calming serenity works wonders on his stress levels and the sound of the waterfall always helps to clear his mind.
‘Because you were happy!’ Sherlock yells over the sound of the rotors. ‘There’s no grand plan, John. I just want you to be happy and safe. I owe you that. If we get Magnussen off her back, you can have the life you wanted.’
is standing waiting for him, not Mary. That momentary thought is enough to brighten his mood and he smiles back, warmly, openly, in a way he would never smile consider smiling at anyone else.
Mary does her best to fake a smile, and laughs, ‘You know they were never –’
‘I said “fuck you”.’
‘How could I forget?’
‘Oi!’ John throws a piece of breadstick at Sherlock, which lands squarely in his fluffy curls. Sherlock pouts, rooting it out and throwing it back. He catches John’s eyes and smiles.
What he hears on the other end of the line makes the blood drain from his face.
‘Yeah, he’s my best friend, but he doesn’t just care for
Sherlock has the decency to look guilty, ‘Yes, Mummy. Something like that.’
[Sent 21:17]
Mary had taken the news badly, as expected. There had been tears, from both of them, and a lot of angry shouting from Mary. Each time John thought she had calmed down sufficiently, she would start crying again. He felt awful, he really did. He loved her, and he knows he’s hurt her so much, not just in calling off the engagement and ending the relationship, but to do it because he loves someone else. John had explained the situation repeatedly, just as he had with Sherlock, explained that he wasn’t leaving her for him, just that he was leaving because he had realised to whom his heart really belonged, and to marry her with that knowledge, well, that was just wrong. This seemed to soothe Mary somewhat, and when she had got herself together she admitted that she’d always known how he felt about his best friend, and that it was okay when they thought Sherlock was dead. But the way John looked at Sherlock when he returned, and the fact that he never finished his proposal, gave her cause to believe he might leave.
you’d react like that’, he giggles at John’s expression.
Finally opening his mouth to respond, he is saved by the trilling of his mobile phone. Smiling almost apologetically, he frowns at the screen before answering, ‘Mycroft Holmes.’
‘I didn’t know who she was. Not until she shot Sherlock. And I wanted to leave right there and then, but Sherlock… he kept telling me we could trust her, that she was careful
Sherlock searched John's familiar eyes, saw the bubbly smile. The hesitation that followed after a few moments. The sudden earnestness. He saw the grey become warm and open up, the pupils dilate, dilating for him. He let himself sink freely into the unexpected depths, surprised to feel the expanse of his own open, unprotected space inside. His breath caught in his throat and he fell, astonished, eternal, unable to take his eyes off John's, to notice anything other than their breathtaking proximity.
John shied away from touching the sleeping figure. He was so lovely. So beautiful. As if poured into a position of sweet repose. Behind the image a level of beauty that bewitched John hopelessly. The overpowering encounter with Sherlock. With Sherlock as a man. Tender and keen, loving and quiet. So deep. They'd touched each other in an unexpectedly deep way.
Sherlock shuddered at the next gust. He stepped back from the window, took off his wet clothes, dropping them carelessly on the floor, went to the couch and lay down. The storm raged on outside. Cool air streamed into the room through the open window. Sherlock relieved his afflicted body with his own hand, a tried and true method of ridding himself of the tiresome, hormonally produced tension. But this time it didn't work the way he expected. His body was satiated, but that wasn't enough. His heart was still sore. His soul was still lonely. Sherlock had never been more aware of the fact before: his life was hollow without John.
Sergej shook his head. "I thought so too," he said, "but you were already at the hospital when I received the tip about the incinerator from the Koreans. Someone had already alarmed the fire brigade and ambulance."
"What was I supposed to do? There are times when a Holmes is a Holmes."
Mrs Hudson clapped her hands over her mouth in shock when she saw the pair of them. Sherlock was still wearing his torn, bloody shirt. John looked to be on the verge of collapsing.
"What about Dave?" John asked. His mouth was dry, but he knew the moment had arrived to pose the question.
Sherlock went down the corridor. John followed. They went into the physical therapy wing, Sherlock knocked on the door of massage room 2. The schedule on the door showed that Dave was inside. The very man opened the door. A scented cloud of massage oil.
"And the first?"
"All right." Callum sighed. He opened the drawer and took out the key. But he kept it in his hand as he said, "I'm only giving it to you because I know that you and Martin like each other. Explain to him yourself why you're interrupting the ritual. And remember, even if this does concern your friend: Martin does valuable work for the men here and forgoes his own happiness for it. He makes himself available without any restrictions. Please remain respectful. He is truly an extraordinary man."
"You didn't ask."
"Two years after he married Irina." John's voice was low with the weight of the memories. And the new pain that scraped his heart raw. The betrayal. "But we hadn't found our way to each other yet. We were just friends. And I was engaged to a woman when he returned to me in Great Britain. I married her. He was my best man."
Callum laughed. "Martin never forgets anything," he retorted. "And now let me keep working."
at the last second. He didn't know whether his login attempt would be registered somewhere and betray Mary.
John was alone in his compartment and having second thoughts. Why hadn't Sherlock contacted him? He considered sending him a text but was afraid to because he didn't know if by doing so he would be endangering Sherlock. He was worried. Sherlock was so far away. So far away. Any other distance would be less painful than this uncommunicative alienation from each other. It had existed since they'd slept together and Sherlock had left for London right away without any further contact. They should have made time for each other after taking that step. They should have talked. Should John make a move toward him rather than running away?
"Who is 'we'?" John asked.
John set the book aside and stared out the window. He inhaled deeply. His heart was pounding. Damn it! What lesson was Mycroft trying to teach him?
"Yes. He set me down the path toward a spiritual life."
The young woman who'd boarded the train in Berne was dozing with the earbuds of her iPod in her ears and didn't notice. John felt he needed more to rid himself of his burden, and said softly, "Sherlock."
John's eyes searched Sherlock's for a long time, but it wasn't clear whether he knew what was happening.
There are things I cannot conceal from him. The fact that I am sitting beside him in the warm grass, watching him, as the fingers of my left hand absently pluck at the blades and my thoughts wander uncontrollably down sinful paths. The fact that the mere sight of him, together with my thoughts, suffices to cause my prick to swell. He opens his eyes and looks at me.
Sherlock stretched and took a deep breath, in and out. The air was oxygen-rich and smelt of vegetation. A faint breeze rippled the river's surface. Downstream, a heron stood motionless in the shallow water.
John was aware of how jealous and possessive Sherlock was. He knew him all too well, including that side of him. They used to fight about it. Sherlock hadn't tolerated anyone at John's side. Neither man nor woman. It had been better with Mary. Sherlock had accepted Mary, even liked her. A girlfriend who hadn't come between them - John and Sherlock - but had brought them closer together. Mary was dead now, though. And since they'd been living together again in the flat on Baker Street, since their relationship had grown closer, Sherlock was more jealous than ever. That made a conversation like this difficult. It also made it necessary.
It is what it is. We sometimes say that to each other. It is what it is, even if we don't dare consider what we mean by that.
"Me."
John still had his hand on Sherlock's arm, his fingers digging into Sherlock's coat, frozen in shock at the intensity of what was happening in the sanctuary.
"Yes," he whispered, "yes, please. Please, John."
"We questioned Ginger Burton back then," Linda said. "She assumed Peter had been murdered."
"Go on," he commanded.
Mycroft's eyes were strangely flat when he fixed Sherlock with an assessing look. He removed a white envelope from the breast pocket of his suit jacket and held it out to Sherlock. His hand was shaking.
"The brotherhood distinguishes amongst three ritual circles," Sherlock began, ignoring John's annoyance. "The outermost circle is called the Outer Chamber. It's where rituals are carried out for the lay population, mainly blessings of partnerships between lovers. Both opposite sex and same-sex. The middle circle – they call it the White Chamber – performs marriage ceremonies between people and Christ. Men and women. The inner circle is the Green Chamber. It's reserved for priests. It's where the highest ritual form is carried out: bonding pairs of priests with the Trinity, uniting the perfected with death."
"Get in," Sherlock said in lieu of an answer.
Celine's gaze passed over John and rested on his a fraction of a second too long. There was a reflection in Celine's eyes, a contraction of her pupils. A shadow. John knew then that she had caught him, that she saw through him. A sensitive seismograph, a tiny hitch in a complex web. Celine sat inside it like a spider, able to sense and pinpoint the smallest movement and change. She kept talking as if nothing had happened. John tried to listen attentively, to show interest. But it was too late. John struggled internally, knowing he was giving himself away even more in doing so. Celine knew that her plan couldn't work. That John wasn't going to play along, that Sherlock's mission was in danger.
"That's what I thought. I couldn't imagine that you were... like that."
"No." John took a look at his friend. He was rumpled, had probably been in bed. There was an unsettled air about him. Confused. When a man like Sherlock stated such simple, obvious facts, then something was wrong. Very wrong. Of course John wasn't asleep yet. Obviously.
Yes, he'd considered it. There was a hiding place in the flat. One that John didn't know about. A secret from a dark time. A time without John. Without structure. Without connections. Without a counterpart. Morphine. Tuning out. Forgetting. Drifting away. Another world. Another place. Dozing. Killing time. Empty time.
A kaleidoscope of emotions passed across Molly's face. Then it turned stony.
"Dr Watson? Tyler O'Rourke said you're a doctor. My husband tripped and fell into the harrow."
John smirked. It was Sherlock who had pressed up against him as soon as they'd sat down. John hadn't done anything more than lay his arm across Sherlock's shoulder. Everything else was Sherlock's doing. It felt incredibly good. Sherlock's body. His hair. His breath. His smell. John didn't intend to rebel at the moment.
"What makes you think that?" Sherlock asked.
She stared at me in horror and said, "Do not commit a sin, Sherlock Holmes."
"But what does the CSIS want with it?" Lestrade asked.
"What are the 'right circles'?" John asked.
"Sherlock. Quick."
"Me too, Sherlock," he whispered affectionately and returned the pressure in their hands.
John's voice had become calmer. His words were sober and firm. Sherlock hadn't thought he might be sent away.
"Or course I still think it's true, John. Lydia showed me the passage. It's an authentic text from the time the crown jewels disappeared. A contemporary wrote that the gems were hidden inside ritual candles. The remarkable part is that that spot on the vellum was scraped away, but it can be reconstructed with modern techniques. It's a clue, John."
"Do you know my mother?" Sergej asked.
"Can't it wait? We haven't even set up our rooms yet."
"It had already happened. Inside me. It had happened in my emotions. Like with you. You set off a catastrophe when things threatened to get serious. Like your sister. But it had already happened. You'd changed everything. Like her. I wasn't the same person anymore."
John asked to be left alone with Mary for a while, and Sherlock stepped outside to wait. He sat in one of the chairs in the corridor. He felt numb. An orderly came by and asked if he needed anything. She brought him a paper cup with water and checked the bandage on his arm. They'd re-bandaged the wound right at the beginning, when Mary was still in the OP. It had started to bleed again.
A couple of priests had gathered in the poorly lit church. They knelt here and there amongst the pews, apparently deep in prayer. Gerome nodded to John, thumping his fist against his chest. John understood. He withdrew to one of the rows of pews too, a couple of metres away, following the other man's example and leaving enough space between them to pray alone and undisturbed. He knelt down and folded his hands on the back of the pew in front of him. He rested his forehead on his hands and closed his eyes. All of these things were still so familiar to him.
"Dressed?"
"Life in the monastery doesn't give us much free time," the monk replied, opening the door in the choir screen. "You're both priests, I see. Are you members of the brotherhood?"
It wasn't a question. He didn't give John any choice. John was sitting in the living room of his flat, staring at nothing, unable to react to anything. He didn't put up a protest. Sherlock went into Mary and John's bedroom. The cot was set up next to their double bed, lovingly prepared for Sophie, who was probably never going to sleep there. Sherlock deleted the thought.
Sherlock, still woozy with sleep, didn't know what to do. The signal for an incoming text message. A notification telling him he had a voice mail. Sherlock pushed number 2 on speed dial, his fingers shaking, and listened to the message. John's voice. Familiar. Soft. Worried.
"No. Quite the opposite."
John closed his suitcase and set it down next to the wardrobe. He'd been working on his preparations all day. It was now late afternoon. A stormy autumn day.
"Yes."
"Precisely that. He went to his room after lunch one day and hasn't been seen since. He left no clues behind."
"You interrogated him."
"Sherlock. What is all this?" John asked, unnerved.
"No, never."
"Vespers? Is that really necessary?" Sherlock made a face.
I am still in turmoil from all the facts, secrets, and chasms we have laid bare. It concerns me how easily four people believed they could get away with such a deed without being discovered. But I also know, only too well, how rarely murders are solved. Even in London it is not common, in spite of the Yard's specialists. It must be much worse in the countryside. They had bad luck, these four, that my Doctor and I were present.
"Did you love her?"
"Yes. I replace them regularly. Why?"
John felt for the light on the nightstand and clicked it on. It was the middle of the night. Sherlock was in his pyjamas. His expensive, elegant pyjama trousers and a t-shirt. He closed the bedroom door behind him all the way, then hovered there, irresolute.
"Let me guess: stolen."
"Eleven p.m.," said Sherlock.
He looked out the window and thought about it. He understood Sherlock less than ever before. He simply needed some time away from him. Not a separation. A couple of days or weeks to get straight in his own head what it was that he wanted. Because – and this was abundantly clear to John – they'd added a component to their relationship that they would no longer be able to deny.
"Hardly," Mycroft said lightly. "He went to the Dossen lodge today. He'll be spending the night up there. Why are you so upset?"
John dug out a pen, and the woman wrote a new address on the back of his paper, tapping it with her finger. John thanked her but went up to the fourth floor anyway and checked the labels on the doors. One of them matched. John knocked and rang the bell. Nothing. He tried the doorknob. The flat was locked.
"They don't take them."
"Are mental processes inhibited?"
Sherlock let himself drop into his armchair, covered his face with his hands. What strange, heretofore hidden impulses this man released in him!
"Where were you at that time, Father?"
"John," he said incredulously. "What are you doing here?"
"An uncut diamond?" Lestrade asked.
Eurus stood in the middle of her cell with her back to the glass. The violin dangled toward the floor in her left hand, the bow in her right. She'd stopped playing when Sherlock entered the room and triggered the light.
"I grew up around Christians. Not that my parents were particularly religious, but one of my friends at school was very Catholic. He dragged me everywhere with him. You know. Masses, services and all that. They were always praying and discussing the Bible at his house. He studied theology and went on to become a priest."
"Clues," Sherlock replied after a brief hesitation.
Sherlock's embrace became tighter, more tender.
John returned the picture to him without saying a word. Sherlock looked at the face in the photograph through the magnifier, searching for anything that was familiar to him, anything he recognised. But the closer he looked, the more whatever it was got lost in the granules of the coating. He should have known. He did know. It wouldn't do any good to look for Victor with the magnifier. He didn't exist anymore. He didn't even exist in this photograph anymore. And he only existed in Sherlock's memory as a fleeting shadow that no longer showed its face.
"That sounds surreal," John said when he came home and turned on the light in the living room.
"Does it bother you that I'm in contact with Sergej?"
She looked into Sherlock's eyes, where anger, disappointment, and determination fought for control. Sherlock's gaze remained fixed on hers. A long time. A wild flickering in the icy blue chill. A stroboscope of emotions.
Damn it! Damn! No! He was not about to let Sherlock go to those ponds with Dave. John blew out a breath, agitated.
"No, not yet. The composition of the clay suggests a soil similar to that of the Nile delta."
"Ella said I should tell you," John said, and Sherlock felt a wave of panic rise in him.
"I don't think we'll be doing that, Mrs Hudson," Sherlock had replied following a moment of shock.
"You know a lot about her."
"As long as you have the system under your control," Rose added, "and she does, as far as we know." Her expression was pale and brittle, but her voice remained calm. She was still a professional.
Time to let go. The blue gemstone. Sherlock tossed it out. A gift to the water. The small white stones as well. They'd been more valuable than diamonds once, the currency of a happy pirate. Now they belonged to the river. The limestone seal too. Bluebeard with the kraken. Wasn't that the fate of every pirate on the seas? The metal button. The glass marbles. Seashells. Snail shells. Sherlock threw all of his treasures out into the water. And the water took them. Took them away. Swallowed them up. The photograph of Victor too. Sherlock tore it up into little pieces before handing it over to the water. He watched the tiny scraps of paper for a while as they drifted away. The bird bones. Sherlock looked around. He placed the delicate little bones on a large, flat rock near the meadow. Bird bones are hollow and as light as feathers. The wind would carry them away.
"What are you going to do now? They're going to want to initiate sexual contact with you. Maybe as part of some therapy."
"I'll do that. Leave us alone now," he heard Mycroft say, firmly; used to giving orders.
John and Sherlock took a taxi back to Baker Street, where Rose was waiting for them. John was lost in thought and withdrawn. He sat silently next to Sherlock in the back of the car. He'd responded to Sherlock's relief with a sobering look and interrupted his flood of words with a distinct hand gesture.
I cannot reach it from outside the fence, so I open the wooden gate to the paddock and go inside. The brown horse promptly comes with me, sniffing at me. I have no particular love for horses and try to ignore the animal. The chickens run away, flapping their wings and cackling, as I walk toward the spot where the thing twinkled. It is the head of a rivet, likely from a saddle or tack. I pick it up. It is polished, with no sign of rust. It cannot have lain here long.
Sherlock wrote:
"We didn't know anything about the Chalice when we questioned Callum," Linda said. "And he didn't mention it of his own accord."
Sherlock continued pacing. John closed his eyes and tried to relax. Dave had invited him to the Celtic festival celebrating the first cutting tomorrow night. John didn't know what to make of it. On the one hand, it would allow him to be with Sherlock, but on the other hand Sherlock's role as the victim would be ruined - if it hadn't already been. At the latest when they'd started the couples therapy. Had Sherlock's plan failed? Or was Sherlock wrong? Was he on the wrong trail?
Sherlock suddenly relaxed, took a deep breath, and let his arms drop, looking at John. He was back, back in the here and now.
"That information is none of your concern, John."
His physical connection to John had become so natural in a matter of just a few days. It was both simple and comprehensive. Maybe because all those things that are so central and dramatic for human beings are no more than trivial laws of nature for the universe. Sexuality. Birth. Death.
"That's true. If the wound gives you any trouble, though, please see Dr Halsey."
"What about Phil?" John asked. A spontanous question that came to him.
The young man smiled. "Come right in, Mr Holmes."
"It's always the truth," Martin mused, "what you see in the ritual. The only question is whether you can handle it or not."
"All right," John said. "Let's go back. We still have a few things to discuss anyway."
I do not like
"Yeah. Yeah, I know. Sorry. It was such a crazy dream, you know? I can't shake it. I'm sorry. Let's go back to sleep."
"Is Nora here?"
"That's good like that," Martin said. "Come, sit in front of Sherlock so you can put your arms around each other."
"What card?"
Sherlock picked up one of the bent and rusty nails lying next to him on the floor and threw it in Rosie's direction. When it hit her in the shoulder, she startled in surprise but kept crying. The next nail hit her on the hand. This time her interest was awakened by the thing that had touched her and clinked to the floor beside her. She turned toward the nail and as she reached for it, her sobbing ebbed. But the next moment, Sherlock realised in horror that he had made a mistake: Rosie stuffed the nail into her mouth.
gaze, the resentment over the forced engagement still on the surface.
Sherlock doesn’t see the point of a silent approach; his sister is expecting him, after all, so he opens the internal door to the garage as if he were throwing open the door to 221B. Eurus is standing behind John, facing the door Sherlock has just walked through; a gun pressed to the side of John’s temple. She smiles when she first sees Sherlock, but this quickly turns to a frown when Mycroft walks in behind him.
happy?’
The government official is sitting at his eight-seater dining table, the jacket of his grey pinstripe suit thrown haphazardly over the back of another chair and his shirt sleeves rolled to the elbows, idly running his fingers over a deep gash in the beautiful oak. He curses his brother and the time he decided to aggravate Mycroft by playing with his antique fencing swords. He should have made him pay for a new table, but the older man is indescribably fond of this one.
‘How come
Sherlock nods as he ruminates over the details, impressed by Lestrade’s deductions. ‘High value institutions usually have a duress code to give to the alarm company in situations such as this. Maybe her killer knew that.’
, he thinks to himself. He’s already having trouble walking in a straight line.
The threat to John’s life was enough to stop him thinking clearly, and his sister is smart enough to know that. John was just a side project, like Mary; someone who had betrayed Sherlock, rather than Eurus herself. She wanted to get to the person she blames for her banishment.
Sherlock frowns, ‘Surely that should be the night you got married?’
‘Oh, Sherlock.’ John pulls him into a hug, placing a delicate kiss on his forehead. Sherlock pouts, attempting to be offended at John’s pitying gesture, but is truthfully revelling in the contact.
Sherlock bites at his bottom lip, his nervousness clear in his aqua-green eyes. He dares not ask for fear he won’t receive the answer he so desperately craves.
‘No, really. I don’t want you suddenly taken away again because you violated the terms of your… stay of execution.’
‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
‘Dr Watson, in a moment you will get a call. You can take my car, the driver will take you where you need to go. Sherlock, you should go with him.’ Mycroft says, now meeting John’s inquisitive stare.
He coughs, awkwardly, ‘Erm… I’ve sent Mary home because we’re splitting up. I’m filing for divorce.’ For a while nobody speaks, the other men averting their eyes, but Mrs. Holmes glares at him, no trace of her previously genial self.
are more important than that, understand? I need to do this right.’
He follows the faint smell of smoke to find Sherlock and his family on the terrace, cigarettes burning in an ashtray. ‘Sherlock, your mum has –
‘Actually, Mary, I’m going to stay for a bit. We’ve… er… got a lot to catch up on.’
‘Ah, but it’s the most important date. The rest is just paperwork.’
As Sherlock trails behind, John is at the bar which is empty this early on a week day. He orders them both a large measure of Glenallachie whisky, something that better be good considering the price of it. He knows Sherlock won’t drink cheap shit, but that doesn’t stop him also ordering two fingers of something akin to paint stripper and knocking it back in one hit. They take their decent drinks to a little nook at the back of the bar.
Mrs. Holmes gives them a curious glance and places the roast on the table, leaving her husband to start the carving. As the others sit down at the table, Sherlock and John glance at each other, John giving a small smile and quickly squeezing Sherlock’s hand. The gesture doesn’t go unnoticed by Mrs. Holmes (who would have been pleased to see this development a few years ago).
Dr Farrell, to her credit, doesn’t show her surprise. ‘Ah… I see’, she says after a beat, breaking the awkward silence that followed John’s aborted statement. She makes a few notes in her pad.
‘You’re welcome, dear. I’ve reheated the stew for you to have for lunch.’
Through all of this Sherlock just listens, and when John starts talking about The Fall, it’s Sherlock that goes to the bar for another drink.
Ignoring his sarcasm this time, she begins to tell her story, with a far-away look on her face. ‘Sherlock and I were so close as children, being only a year different in age. He was the older one, though his intellect could not hold a candle to mine.’
‘What for?’
‘What?’
He knows there’s far more to this than Sherlock has let on. When he first started to encourage John to contact Mary, he thought he was simply trying to be a good friend, but then came the invitation to Christmas dinner, a dinner that Sherlock had never willingly attended, and his insistence on very specific, scripted words. He had said he knew exactly what John should say to Mary to get
‘Is it
John smiles, a lopsided broken smile. He leans forward and presses a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, dangerously close to his lips, before pulling himself up the stairs, leaving Sherlock wondering what the hell just happened.
He pulls Sherlock into the room, pressing his compact body against his boyfriend’s taller frame as he stretches up to join their lips together. As their lips meet John realises it’s not specifically 221B that he considers home; it’s Sherlock. Wherever he is, as long as they’re together, he’s home.
Jeff Hope lies dead on the floor of 221B, Mrs. Hudson is about to have an apoplexy, and a very suspicious Lestrade wants our statements first thing in the morning, yet the look on John’s face says I’ve given him the most exciting night of his life.
do this.’
A veteran of therapy, John found it easier to talk than he thought he would, easier than it had been with Ella, and once they started, the words seemed to cascade: Mary lying about her name, her past, her betrayal of Sherlock, and how John hadn’t found out any of this until they were married and expecting a child. He couldn’t stop talking about his best friend and everything he had been through, and how much it hurt that Mary could do what she did to him – how she could do that to
did.’ Sherlock pushes hard against Mycroft’s twisted arm. ‘Been talking to any more consulting criminals lately? Just how many people did you sell me out to?’
‘Oh, you know; you
‘No idea. I’ll need to interview his friends and family myself – can’t rely on the Yard to know what’s relevant.’
‘The names of the victims, boss. William and Margaret Holmes.’
‘I miss it too. Obviously not the fridge, or the mess, or Mrs Hudson, but… cases aren’t as much fun when you’re not here.’ He says this quietly, as if he doesn’t want John to really hear it.
and Moriarty is long dead now). When you’ve eliminated the impossible...
John nods, placing the stick on the table between them. The stark black “A.G.R.A” lettering taunting them.
Mycroft looks at Sherlock, issuing a challenge to him to lie to his mother, because he sure as hell isn’t going to do it again.
observed, for once. ‘Ah, yes, the shirt, of course. I’ll have you know I managed over four hours, thank you.’
‘I will
They both move over to the sofa to check on Sherlock’s parents, John subtly checking their pulses without them noticing. Or so he thought.
It seems he does listen occasionally. Placing the phone on the arm of the chair, where he can easily see it if John contacts him, he resolves to let John make the first move.
‘A dragon slayer. Is that what you think of me?’ He coughs out a mouthful of smoke.
‘You don’t want to have that in your hand when we go to the station tomorrow.’ I point him towards the bathroom while I try to be a good host and root around the cupboards for the bottle of whiskey Mycroft gave me one Christmas. I thank any deity that’s listening that I have two clean glasses.
brought this up in private! He’d managed with his hand for the last six months, why the hell couldn’t she?
Sherlock feels as though the world is spinning and he is relieved when they reach the door to 221 and he manages to get his key in the lock on the first attempt.
him here, and somewhere in the tiny quirk of John’s lips and the softening of his eyes, Sherlock can see the gratitude.
‘Don’t know yet. Do we know it’s definitely linked to the other one?’
‘Quite. Where is he?’
. What is the point of his continued existence if he can’t be
He pulls back, smiling against those full lips, ‘Come on. Dinner’s getting cold.’
‘John.’
‘Sherlock Holmes is telling me to eat? Ha.’
After Sherlock’s re-emergence at The Landmark, John quite frankly had other things to think about. For all he knew the ring that cost two week’s wages was still sitting on their abandoned table in the restaurant.
Eleven days after Sherlock’s aborted exile and he’s breathing in the less than fresh air of Central London, as he steps out of Mycroft’s home on Hamilton Terrace. Having been on house arrest in the ridiculously ostentatious property, he’s amused himself by sleeping in whichever of the eight bedrooms takes his fancy on that particular day, knowing the mess will give his fastidious brother an apoplexy. Sherlock is convinced that six of the bedrooms have
How can you possibly think I did?’
you!’ Mycroft shouts, no longer able to listen to her lies. ‘They stood by you to the detriment of Sherlock’s mental health. They believed everything you said to them, until I could prove to them what you were.’
‘Course I will, mate. He’ll be fine.’
‘Hopeful.’ Mary replies instantly.
John’s mind returns to the present, finding himself still seated at the Holmes’ large oak kitchen table, and vaguely hearing the droning sound of Mycroft’s incessant complaints. The government man hasn’t forgiven Sherlock for forcing him to accept the invitation they turn down every year.
The space between them is infinitesimal. Sherlock removes the glove he has just pulled on and lifts a large hand up to the side of John’s face, resting it against his cheek, cupping his face delicately. John’s breath hitches at the contact and he subconsciously licks his lips; the deep dark hidden part of his mind knowing exactly what he wants to happen, while the conscious side is fighting against the urge to open the door and run. He feels, rather than hears, Sherlock’s next words:-
Mrs. Holmes is still asleep when Mycroft storms into the living room.
Doctor John Watson (looking relaxed in beige chinos and a short-sleeved checked shirt) sips from his large glass of full-bodied Shiraz, the smile on his face emphasising the deep lines around his eyes and mouth that have come from years of laughter, rather than worry. His hair is completely silver now and has grown out from his traditional military cut. Sherlock prefers it this way, and who is he to argue with the great detective.
, except being a moron.
Sherlock can scarcely breathe, this moment feels too good to be true. The brightness is returning to his eyes and a smile is starting to form on his lips.
Sherlock has lit his cigarette almost before they are out of the cottage. Leaning against the red brick wall he takes a deep inhalation and waits for his brother to explain why he wanted to talk to him in private. Mycroft lights his own cigarette, despite not really being a smoker. Sherlock is convinced he only does it because he thinks it makes him look cool.
‘No, that’s the point, it really isn’t.’
’ His eyes are wet, his mind racing through his palace, trying to understand what has happened. He’s suddenly scratching his right forearm, a gesture which John attributes to an urge for his old coping mechanism.
‘Fuck.
cab driver – would be taking a break there, and the approximate time that it would happen. I interviewed his last passenger and there was nothing to indicate she was being untruthful, but she
This evening, as usual, the telly is on in the background while they eat, tuned to one of the many news channels so Sherlock can keep an eye out for potential new cases. There is a lull in their conversation, making the television seem particularly loud, when there’s an urgent broadcast:
‘Happy anniversary, Bee.’
And with a grin, Sherlock moves further into the room, kicking the door closed behind him.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile when he received John’s text, no more than four minutes after he contacted him, and his grin stretched even wider when he read that John planned to come over this evening. He had expected John to be too tired, or busy with Mary, so it’s gratifying to know he’s still a priority to his ex-flatmate. He hadn’t been able to stop thinking about John all afternoon, so much so that he was distracted during the autopsy and Molly picked up on it.
“Smells great, John,” Sherlock told him with a hum, wrapping his arms around John’s waist and pressing a gentle kiss to his temple. “Mind if I feed it to you?”
Everyone knew who Sherlock Holmes was – he had used to work with the police, until he’d gone bad and started threatening and black-mailing and, eventually, murdering. The case had always puzzled him, as there was no reason for him to go bad. There was just something about the story of Sherlock Holmes that didn’t quite fit, and he couldn’t work it out.
John responded lazily, not wanting to get up and move just yet.
Sherlock wasn’t listening, however, and with his newly regained function of his limbs, flipped them over so that John was on the bottom and started tearing at John’s clothes. He tugged down John’s trousers and pants, and rearranged a half-heartedly complaining John so that his arse was pressed up against Sherlock’s crotch.
She smiled down at him, smoothing down her child’s already curly black hair, and he gave a soft gurgle. “He is,” she agreed, love clear in her voice. John wished that his parents would speak to him like that. His parents spent most of their time worrying, or working, so he was usually by himself.
Sherlock’s voice was frustrated, and John sighed, tilting his head and looking up at him.
It took half a day to get to Sherlock’s place, and when Sherlock gently shook him and told him they were nearly there, John looked out the window and gaped. “
“Good boy,” the human murmured, his scent turning light and pleased, and long fingers sunk into John’s thick fur, caressing him tenderly.
John let out a soft noise, half sigh and half purr, then cleared his throat and reluctantly pulled back.
Thankfully, it seemed that he’d slept through most of his contractions, and it was only a few hours later before a pup slid from him and into Sherlock’s waiting grasp. It seemed that his baby had shifted forms with him, and he was relieved. John twisted and watched. Sherlock seemed to be in awe of their pup, cradling her in his large palms and looked like he was on the verge of crying. Sherlock met his gaze and handed their pup up to John. John gently grasped her by the scruff and guided her to his belly to suckle as he started cleaning her.
When John finally awoke properly, he felt way better. Without opening his eyes, he mentally probed at his body, sussing out how he felt. He was well rested, his belly full and his thirst was quenched, the injury on his shoulder felt stiff and sore, but overall not too bad. Opening his eyes, John turned his head to gaze at his injury critically. It had scabbed over what looked like a few days ago, so it wouldn’t easily open, and the bitter scent of infection was gone. Satisfied, John twisted his head to analyse where he was, only to discover that he had absolutely no clue about any of what he was looking at. He was lying on something soft, a pale blue colour, but it was also firm and elevated off the ground, supported by smooth wood. He could see square lumps of wood in various places near him, but he had no idea what any of it was. Obviously a humans things. Inhaling deeply, John recognised the scent of the human Alpha that had rescued him. Even though the fact that he’d had to
