The teasing is kept to a minimum and a good time is had by all.
Sam is currently working his way through the last of the nachos when he shoves the plate in the halfway spot between his elbow and Dean’s. Instead of offering to share, the younger man begins with, “ So how are things with Cas?”
Plans go awry.
“ No idea.” Sam says around a mouthful of powdered donut. Jess just groans.
Claire shakes her head vehemently, yanking the curl from the man’s hand. “ No, not those! Our
“ Need some ice?” She casually pushes the bear’s loose arm away from Dean’s face.
He’s still pacing slowly back and forth when the door opens suddenly, right in front of him. Something cold and hard stabs him in the chest, right over the front pocket, and Castiel is momentarily stunned silent.
, is not spoken but it hangs heavily between them anyway. The older man is just waiting for the younger to bat it back, to start the fight the Wild Turkey is hankering for.
“ I do remember spilling an entire pitcher of beer on Ellen’s pool table. Completely by accident. I wasn’t even drunk yet.” Dean’s not even thinking about that, he’s still pulling every snippet of that kiss, trying to form a more coherent picture. It’s so irritating. He has impressions more than anything. Cold night air on his heated cheeks. Gravel sliding under his feet. Cain’s breath warm against his mouth. “ Dammit,” he whispers under his breath, frustrated.
Dean hadn’t even realized it was his phone ringing. He’d completely zoned out, letting the Tom Petty seeping from the speakers lull him into a haze. Without taking his eyes from the road, Dean pulls the phone free and flips it open, heart already sinking heavy in his gut. He already knows who it is, but is careful not to name them aloud. “ Hey, what’s up?”
Not to mention how just the very thought of you makes me smile and how being near you makes me feel happier than I have in months.
Castiel stands for another moment in the middle of the room, processing the last twenty minutes. He can’t, not really, and huffs a laugh before slinging his coat through the strap of the diaper bag and slinging the strap over his shoulder. Maybe he’ll see Dean at Claire’s next check-up. Castiel certainly hopes so.
“ Awwwww, you mean it can’t be my lair anymore?” Claire lets her head thump dramatically onto the table.
Jack pats Dean’s shoulder. “ ‘Tay. Dow, pease.”  That, Dean understands, and he carefully sets the boy’s feet back on the ground. Jack immediately returns to Castiel, taking hold of the leg of his pajama pants and tugging toward the stairs. “ Taire, Daddy. Taire.”
He’s halfway home when his phone signals him again, several times in a row, Dean flinching at the sudden motion in his pocket. Slight vibration between the muffled booms of holiday fireworks. He won’t text and drive, especially on a drinking holiday on dark rural roads. But he’s missing Cas’ texts. Dean hasn’t texted back in over an hour and there’s no telling what negative conclusions Cas is jumping to right now. So Dean presses his foot a little harder against the gas pedal and steers Baby home under the colorful explosions lighting the night sky in honor of the new year.
look, the one that makes Dean feel small and stupid and all
Castiel seems taken aback by that question, and Dean is worried he may have offended the man. But Castiel almost immediately softens a bit, as though relieved, and offers the barest hint of a smile. “ Uh, yes. The angel of Thursday.” He lowers himself into the straight backed chair next to the exam bench, Jack tucked protectively against his chest.
“ Cas…” Dean looks almost uncertain, wide eyed, as he stares into the open bag. His breath is steaming in the frigid air between them. Lips parted slightly as though words would like to come out, but nothing breaks the quiet of the moment.
Cas snatches up the monitor and presses the speaker button. “ I’m right here, Claire-Bear. I’m coming, promise. You’re safe, sweetheart.” Cas flinches and fumbles when he stands. He drops the monitor onto the couch, grabbing his sweatshirt, and heads toward the hallway. He’s just got his head and one arm through the right holes in his shirt when he turns on a fucking dime and nails Dean with a determined look edged with fear. “ Don’t go. Please.”
“ Yeah.” Dean nods and takes the toys, admiring them distantly before carefully wrapping them in a canvas tote and placing them on the cart. Jess’ attention is already taken by a table full of layered granola in mason jars. “ Hungry again.”
Dean smiles, shaking his head. “ Not really my thing. I was only going because Sam said they had an open bar.” He offers Castiel a cookie. “ But you should take your own advice and go out for a night. Free booze, free gourmet food. Attractive people dressed all fancy.”
Cas maintains eye contact as he smooths over Dean’s slight pudge, squeezing lightly and Dean feels like he should be embarrassed about his lack of a well defined six-pack, but the way Cas massages over his soft middle is actually getting Dean off as much as the intense eye-sexing.
“ Gross. And no.” Castiel clumsily digs one-handed in his pocket for his phone, pulling it free and swiping through his photos. “ This was even better.”  He shows Gabriel the picture of Jack sprawled over Dean, both fast asleep, both their mouths parted slightly. Both drooling. Though that’s hard to see in the low light of the photo, but Castiel had clearly seen the damp spot on Dean’s chest from Jack, and the dark wet patch on the pillow from Dean, when he’d gotten up the next morning to start the promised breakfast.
Claire nods and Cain chuckles. “ I’ll keep that in mind when I’m trimming the hedges tomorrow. And I’ll talk to my friend, but I don’t think you’ll have to abandon your stronghold.”
“ It seemed to.” Castiel admits, pressing a kiss to Jack’s clammy forehead when he whimpers. “ But this morning he was so lethargic and his temperature was too high and I was afraid he might be having a reaction to the flu shot he received last week and--”
Dean snorts, seemingly more at ease, and slowly clambers out of the large bed. Castiel doesn’t bother hiding his appreciative gaze as the younger man raises his arms high above his head and stretches. Each line of muscle along his back, every soft curve along his sides. Freckles, scattered like constellations. Castiel glances over the inked lines, pushes his attention passed them and onto the neat curves of Dean’s ears. Even his ears are perfect, the gorgeous bastard.
“ I will, yes.” Cas nods in acknowledgment, smile widening as he places a warm hand on Dean’s arm. “ It’ll be okay.”
Dean can’t help but laugh at Cas’ eye roll. He slides off the couch to sit next to Claire and judge her bedtime selections. Jack spies the adult at his level and promptly joins them both at the basket. Dean watches the little boy flip through the books, one by one, serious contemplation given to each cover. “ What about this one? I used to read this to Sam when he was a baby.” Dean holds out the well loved book for the children’s inspection.
Dean frowns even harder; he can feel a muscle twitching in his jaw. “ I remember the Sauce Incident.” He’s still trying to scrape together the long ago memory that is mostly punctuated by frustration at being without his smartphone for a week.
“ Seems like. You recognize her?” Charlie minimizes a couple windows until the original grid is no longer obscured, a dozen freezeframes of the woman filling the screen.
Dean sits dumbly, taken completely aback by the sudden offer. He believes Cain about it being a favor between friends and the reality of actually being able to be friends with Cain is starting to sink in a little in Dean’s slow brain. But practicalities first. “ What about the family? They don’t know me from Adam. Will they be okay with a strange man living next door?” He says it like a joke, but he’s very serious about it. Dean isn’t about to make some single mom uncomfortable with her kids playing in the yard because of him, and he doesn’t blame any parent for being wary of strangers around their kids.
There’s a long moment of silence, just Tom crooning away, then John’s gruff voice interjects. “ He still coming down?”
Cain’s smile is back, full of affection and enthusiasm. “ Yes, well. It keeps me busy and I enjoy the work.”
Dean grins and lightly pokes Jack’s belly. “ Nope. Cuz I’m gonna sneak into your house while you’re gone and play with all your toys.”
“ Also, no. I’m sorry, but a puppy is more then we can handle at the moment.”
Claire’s voice is already getting weaker, sleep pulling her under quickly. “ ‘Night, Dean.”
Pretty much all of you makes me melt :D
It's crazy. Be kind to each other and yourselves.  Also, LikeAPeach is basically the whole reason this chapter exists, so thank you LikeAPeach!
The movement presses Cas’ hard-on against Dean and his own thoughts narrow down to the single need to touch.  “ Wanna see, Cas. Wanna feel you, please?”
More than gorgeous. Beautiful.  From your eye crinkles down to your bow legs.
Castiel and Charlie both gawk at the young man until he looks up and returns the stare. Charlie is the first to find her tongue. “ Are you eavesdropping?”
It’s half past eight at night and Castiel has Jack bathed and ready for the last story before his bedtime. The trio is happily settled in their living room listening to a deep sleep music CD and finishing up with Claire’s current favorite bedtime story,
Which means he needs to think it over.
So he drops his hand into Dean’s, smiling at the solid grip, and allows the man to lead him to the king sized bed shoved into the far corner, still taking up most of the space in the small bedroom.
Castiel turns back to Gabriel, warm smile mirroring the older man’s. “ Merry Christmas to you, too, big brother.”
“ Me, too!” Dean rolls Jack onto the middle cushion and shoves himself from the couch to join Claire, eventually taking her hands to jump together in a circle.
“ I dated Cain!”  Again, every looks at Dean like he’s lost his mind because apparently he has.
“ No you’re not!” Claire moves to lean against Dean’s knees.
But most importantly, you have a very nice ass. (3-
“ And will continue to do.” There’s a shared moment of companionable silence, before Cain pats the man’s back and changes the topic. “ Now, let’s talk about you making heart eyes at my hot ex-boyfriend.”
“Need help with that?” Gabriel smirks over his glass tumbler.
Gabe steps out onto the porch, rarely used storm door squeaking slightly. “ Okay, you two. Go do your dirty deeds somewhere else. Children live here, for chrissakes!” His voice is low, but carries clearly in the silent night. The literal fireworks seem to be over for the evening.
Dean swings by Tuesday on his lunch break to check the place out.
“ You can have my peanut butter ones.” Claire eagerly digs around in her plastic pumpkin, pulling out a handful of miniature Reese’s peanut butter cups. “ I’ll trade you for your proton pack.”
“ I’m glad you liked it.” Cain smiles his soft smile and sips his drink. No sugar, a heavy pour of milk, not cream. Dean still remembers.
Except for Claire and Jack clamoring to get inside the house.
The good times never last...
Dean instantly clamps his mouth shut, but he’s obviously struggling not to give in to another laugh. His face is turning red from the strain.  S-sorry. Sorry,” he chokes out. Concerned, Jack begins patting the man’s back.
“ Sorry you had to wait with the bugs, but I’m not ‘llowed to open the door for people,” Claire pipes up, looking very regal in her Queen Elsa dress and braids, her hand out for a shake which has become a new thing with her.
“ Sounds good.” Dean swallows and nods, then looks forlornly at his full plate of cookies. “ Guess I should give these a rest until after dinner.”
of the chorus. Alex sings a Halestorm song with wicked abandon and afterward keeps Stan company when he goes outside to vape away his addiction. Someone from another table does a dead on Billy Idol impersonation. A drunk girl from the bar barely keeps her footing as she giggles out an offkey
Dean stares at the toy, attempting to get his heartbeat back under control. Holding it at arm’s length, he tries to figure out why the roar was so startling. Lots of animal toys make animal noises. The suddenness was partially to blame, of course, but not to the extent it scared them both shitless. Dean squeezes it again. The roar is just as loud, though slightly different in pitch and Dean can hear the more human aspect of it. It’s not a manufactured dragon’s roar. It’s a human voice mimicking a ferocious roar. That brings up a rather sickening thought in Dean’s mind and he hopes to every god that ever was that he’s wrong as he squeezes the plushy belly again.
But this would have been the first time that Castiel invited Dean over specifically for adult alone time. Nothing inappropriate, of course! No. Just… He had wanted to see Dean. Spend some time with Dean without his attention being pulled in a million directions. A quiet night with the kids safe in bed and a superhero movie playing softly in the background while they discuss classic cars and apiology...
“ I’m getting to it.” Castiel smirks and Dean uncovers his face to grin back. Castiel slings a leg over Dean’s body and shuffles down, propping himself on elbows to get a good view of the denim covered crotch below his chin. “ But first…”
Cain hands the stuffed animal over to Dean who takes it by the middle, squeezing, and the cold air is suddenly filled with a loud roar. Dean nearly drops the thing and Cain is startled enough to grip the box so hard the handle rips.
Dean smiles gratefully and sips his own drink. “ I’m usually pretty on top of it. Working with kids for so long, you get used to self-censoring.”
“ I must admit I was surprised to see you with Dr. Moore, though I suppose it had to happen eventually.” Cain sighs quietly.
“ I don’t want to come off as that asshole who can’t take a no.”
“ My favorite is the one from last Christmas. With Gabe dressed as Santa and you and the kids sitting in his lap.” Sam is laughing now.
It’s not long before the corn is wrapped in foil and placed at the back of the grill, Dean returning inside to help finish shaping the last few patties. He charges Castiel with stirring the pot of homemade bbq baked beans on the stove before they all head outside onto Dean’s small back patio.
cool, we’re cool?
Dean squirms unformatably in his chair. “ I don’t know, man. He’s got the kids and all this legal stuff…”
“ I’ll be in in a few minutes, Gabriel.” Cas’ voice sounds apologetic.
“ Same here. Flirty, not threatening. But not exactly friendly, either.” Castiel quirks a tiny grin. “ Also, not my type.”
It's been crazy busy, but mostly I just struggled with this. No idea why, but it was like pulling teeth. I decided as long as I was 80% happy with it I was gonna post it, get it out of my way, and move on. So here it is, 80% decent and in my rearview mirror :D
Cain smiles and reaches out to Jess first. They shake hands, then he turns to Sam and there’s an extra layer of sincerity in his expression, an extra firmness in his grip. “ Dean has always spoken very highly of you.”
So Castiel partially gives in to his impulse, crosses the room and carefully sits beside Dean, slipping his hand over the one Dean has resting on his thigh. “ Dean?”
“ We experimented together a few times in our freshman year.” Castiel shrugs, pulling up the few pleasant, but uncomfortable, memories. “ It didn’t take long for us to realize that we were better off as friends-without-benefits. And then Meg came out as a lesbian, not bi, as she originally thought, and I’m apparently a demiromantic omnisexual. According to Meg, at least. “  He shrugs again, suddenly uncertain about sharing so much of his personal information with someone who didn’t really ask for this many details. Castiel scuffs the toe of his sneaker in the gravel, suddenly nervous. “ Anyway, no. We were never really involved, not in the way you’re thinking.”
for nearly a month when he used to be on a roll-per-day regimen. “ I didn’t realize how often we shared meals until I ended up with surplus from last month’s grocery budget,” he chuckles. “ Even with extra spending on Thanksgiving.”
Once Dean’s inside, the cool air washes over him with the heady scent of beer and tang of spicy food. A draft sucks by him, Sam returning on his heels, phone safely pocketed. The taller man grins at Dean and slaps him soundly on the back between his shoulder blades. “ We ordered your usual. “ Sam leans in a bit in order to keep his voice at a conversational level.
He sits in front of it now and sends a text to Ambriel, asking after Jack. The antibiotics and Tylenol seemed to be doing their job for the week, but Castiel likes to check in when the kids aren’t one hundred percent.
they’d been heckling and crosses to stand behind Cain’s chair, looking over the his shoulder. The security camera grid is up, quickly replaced by a full screen of the camera at the gate. The security lights make the playback footage daylight bright. A small dark colored car pulls in, a person gets out of the driver side with a large white plastic bag- like a garbage bag- and hangs it on the spiked top of the gate.  Dean squints at the screen, trying to make out more of the driver’s face, but a ballcap pulled low  prevents him seeing anything more than a bit of chin and ear.
“ Lahtah allatahtah!” Jack repeats.
That sends a little pulse of warmth through Dean, and he’s not adverse to it. It’s been five years, he’s grown a lot and has been able to look back at their relationship with clearer eyes, see why it would’ve never worked and he can’t fault Cain for ending it before it got uglier for Dean. And now, studying the little candle in his hand, he asks himself, honestly, if this is something he wants to attempt. A friendship after a bad breakup. It’s something new, something he’ll probably have to put some effort into.
Until it dropped in that bit of startled surprise that had Castiel’s hackles on edge again. Not that he ever wanted the notoriety he’s gained over the last year and a half, but he certainly didn’t want to deal with his ill begotten fame in his children’s pediatrics office. Invasive questions and suspicious glances.
The boy had finally stirred, yawning wide in Dean’s face (Dean turning away from the morning breath) and quickly slid out from under the blanket to the floor. Jack had made a beeline for the bathroom then, Castiel following with a grinning morning greeting for the sweet man on his couch who shyly waved back. So fucking adorable.
He’s not in his bed.
The hoodie is folded and placed on the chair next to the dresser. Cas is left in his bee pants and a plain black undershirt that hangs just right off his broad shoulders and chest.  And Cas is blushing slightly, eyes averted as he gestures down to his bare feet. “ I uh, I hope you don’t mind. My socks were dirty- from outside- so I put them in the hamper in the bathroom.”
“I’m freakin’ adorable.”
Cain is the first to start over, pushing a wax paper envelope toward Dean. “ I wasn’t sure if you’d eat something beforehand, but I bought an extra croissant. If you’d like.”
Though, full disclosure, I’m not drunk, but I am flirting.
“ Dude, I’m right here. What are you not telling me?” Dean points his pizza crust at Jess before he drops it into the box, confused and growing steadily more irritated with his immediate family.
Yeah, this is going to be a good day.
fallen open on his chest. The phone nearly vibrates itself off his nightstand and Dean grabs it from the edge. Cain’s number pops up with a blank face icon. Dean stares at the screen, swallowing thickly. He can still back out, but… Dean opens the message before he can stall any more.
They pack up the leftovers and all Jess’ things, Dean loaded down with bags like a pack mule. Sam holds Alex as Jess and Nurse Clif talk shop, wheelchair cutting smoothly through the halls.
“ You can lead, if you’re more comfortable with it.” Castiel offers, not wanting Dean to injure himself just because Castiel is accustomed to leading on the dance floor.
best friend.”
He proceeds up the sidewalk and pauses at the spot where Cain has still not looked up, to tap briskly on the window. Cain doesn’t jerk or startle. He merely raises his head and smiles at Dean through the glass.
He is almost out of pee.
“ Dad, you missed our house,” Claire points out very helpfully and not judgmental in any way.
“ Uncle Gabe’s place.” Claire answers before anyone else.
hey!  i let them squish him for a solid hour before i even got my first baby smooch! :P
Until one day, he asked to come along. And Cain had kissed him soft and gentle one last time, even as Dean threw curses and fists.
“ You won’t be smiling once he upchucks. But, thank you.” Missouri is grinning at him as she passes by, files in hand, disappearing into her office.
“ That is my thinking, yes.”
barely here an hour n sam is already trynna make me wear a party hat
“ I don’t think he’ll react badly.” Castiel sighs heavily, taking a moment to gather his thoughts. Because until now, he’s been trying not to dwell on it.
“ Dean!? We gotta go! “ Sam’s yell interrupts whatever proposition Cas was in the middle of.
Castiel startles, so focused on not being awkward that he’s already made Dean uncomfortable. Dean thinks he’s the one being weird and that will not do.   “ No, of course not!”  That was a bit too loud. And vehement. God, why can’t he be normal with people? “ Did I?”
“ He’s my neighbor now. And also one of Claire and Jack’s pediatricians.” Castiel blurts out.
So if this new person has Cain’s seal of approval, there’s not much Castiel can say against it. He tightens his hold on the glass, feeling the chilled surface grow damp against his fingers, them releases it. “ I trust your judgment, Cain. When will this person be moving in?”
“ It’s okay, Jack. Accidents happen.” Dean ruffles Jack’s hair with his other hand, smiling down reassuringly at the little boy. “ Hey, how come you got two shirts on? You hot natured?” Completely ignoring his own layers, of course.
“  Drinking outta the same cup after someone, or coughing or sneezing on someone. It’s in your spit.” She’s staring dead at Gabriel, serious tone and intense expression underlining the gravity of her shared wisdom.
He also recognizes the quiet string of half-swears, grunts, and moans that escape Dean as he rolls over, dislodging Jack onto the bear and curling up protectively.  Castiel has personally experienced the pain involved with a toddler-to-groin collision on too many occasions, and understands not only Dean’s pain but also his attempt at keeping his response as G-rated as possible.
It’s perfectly lovely, but Castiel wants more. Or at least to get them back to where they were pre-nightmare. He straddles Dean’s lap, legs folding on the mattress on either side of the younger man’s thighs, and places Dean’s hands on the bottom hem of his sweatshirt. A questioning look, a small nod of approval. In his fearful haste, Castiel had deprived Dean of undressing him earlier, but he intends on making up for that now. He leans back just enough to give Dean room to slowly slide the thick material up his torso, assisting with the process by holding the folds up as Dean tenderly explores his newly bared skin.
Dean gives two manly pats to Cain’s back and pulls away, avoiding eye contact for the first second before getting out, “ I’ll text you this week.”
Dean would ponder this mystery female visitor and the twinge of unhappiness in his gut at the mention of her, but suddenly, Jack goes limp, sandbagging, and huffs out, “ ‘Tay.”
“ Ohmygod, that is so
“ Uh, yes?” Dean’s fear is bleeding through his smile.
Dean hums thoughtfully, rocking back and forth from his heels to the balls of his feet. He ducks his head before asking, “ So, uhm, is demiromantic kinda like demisexual, only you know, without the sexual part?”
Cas apparently sees it, as well, because his grin is about as wide as Dean’s ever seen it. When he gets his breath back, Dean carefully shifts Alex against him, letting the baby recline back against his stomach and chest, chubby cheeks facing out toward their visitors. “ Jack, this is Alex. Say hi.”
“ The old story with the axe murderer calling the babysitter from inside the house… never mind.” Charlie tucks her long hair behind her ears and buckles down, typing fast and furious as she talks. “ So, the IP address- and I’m not explaining that right now- listed for all the emails is one the library uses, which I guess isn’t too unusual since it’s a public network.” Several windows flash up on screen then disappear. “ But it also means they’d have to be within range of the library’s wifi which isn’t that great since you can’t even get it in the breakroom at the back of the building. Well.
“ Pease!” Jack screams at the door.
They pass a young woman with long dark hair, blue dress, and devil horns headband. She has a few books in her hands and her ruby lips are curved in a laugh. “ Great costumes, guys. Awesome antenna.” She winks at Castiel.
There’s a grimace, but it doesn’t completely overtake the grin and Castiel breathes out his own little sigh of relief. “ Here.” He stands and holds out a hand to help the other man up.
Get-together. Not dinner. Not a date. A family meal.
“ Glad to help, really.” Dean is blushing and beaming and what a fucking dork he is as he steps forward to accept the man’s hand in his own.
“ Yep. Jack’s father.” Dean agrees casually. He waits for Jack to nod and pull on the back cover to close the book, before pulling the boy close in a hug. “ But who’s your Daddy?” God, that sounds so wrong.
And why is Dean in Daddy’s bed. Maybe Dean doesn’t have his own bed? Or maybe Dean doesn’t like his own bed?
and Castiel is very much enjoying it. Along with the Christmas Eve company.
Cain settles easily into one, shaking his head. “ I should have texted you before I headed up. Like you, the time simply got away from me.” He smiles gratefully at the glass of herbal tea set in front of him, poured cold from the fridge in deference to the late summer heat.  “ I hope I didn’t interrupt bedtime.”
He stays in step with Meg’s shorter stride all the way to her driver side door, hefting the heavy bag of leftovers from his shoulder to her back seat once she gets it open. When Castiel looks back up, Meg has her mouth open, ready to grill him again, he’s certain.
Castiel quells the tiny spark of panic. Cain is right around the corner with people he trusts. He can’t keep the children hidden in fear, especially in their own yard.  Jack is just as enthusiastic about meeting their neighbors, dragging Castiel around the corner, bypassing the front porch and scrambling down the little hill toward the stone wall at the bottom of the drive.
“ You needed some distraction,” Cas replies simply. He shrugs, sliding his palms down, thumbs resting over the gentle curve of his belly above the panties. “ I needed some distraction. You’re a distraction.”
Castiel stares down at the text message from Meg on his phone and curses Fate. What a bitch, as Dean would say.
Claire is much more decisive on the matter. “ He’s not cute.”
“ I’d say it’s nothing physically harmful, only because Nicholas- and I’m certain it’s his doing- wouldn’t want to chance injuring Jack.”
“ Yeah, she is. But it doesn’t stop her from being herself. And,” Dean pauses, smiling brightly, as the Bee Girl finds her field of like-minded peers. “ Then she finds other people like her to play with.”
Castiel runs the edge of his thumb along the shell of Dean’s ear. “ I love you.” It falls from his mouth onto the pillow, the small body warmed space between them.
“ Is this weird? Did I make this weird? ”
“ I am a
Oh yes, there it is. “ With all due respect sir,” Castiel begins evenly. “ Rowena is perfectly within her right to take scheduled leaves using the paid vacation time she’s
*dickin!
“ Have you seen Gabriel’s office lately?” Sam counters with a big grin. “ You know he’s redone the whole space and now that entire wall behind his desk is nothing but personal mementos. And most are photos of you and him together.”
sorry. didn’t mean to make it weird, that’s on me
He hasn’t met his immediate neighbors yet, their schedules don’t seem to align very well. Dean isn’t worried though, he knows Cain wouldn’t set him up in a place that has rowdy kids and careless renters.
Alex responds with a very loud burp.
“ It’s okay. I’ve got a lot on my mind, as well.” Cas leans in, brushing a soft kiss to the underside of Dean’s jaw.
Sam looks as though he’s about to decline, but Jess, mouth full, elbows him in the side. He rubs the sore spot and turns his dark circled eyes gratefully toward his brother. “ If you really don’t mind, that’d be perfect.”
. “ Here we go!” Again, he eases off the brake, but this time just lets gravity take over to get Baby to roll back down the drive towards his garage door.
Dean nods and Castiel forces his feet to move back toward his door and out into the cold once again.  He hears the click of the door, click of the lock, two soft thuds of the deadbolts sliding into place. He can’t hear the keypad, but he trusts Dean to reset the system. He takes a deep breath and gets back into the Continental.
Dean slips out and heads back to the couch, sinking into the corner with a contented sigh. He feels like he does at the end of a day when’s he managed to soothe every terrified and cranky patient that’s thrown his way. When he avoids vomit and exploding diapers. Dean feels victorious, triumphant. Amazing even. But mostly he feels so fucking warm and gooey inside. So much so, that he closes his eyes and drifts off…
“ Sure am.” Dean grins and settles beside Cas on the floor, facing the head of the bed and the little girl who is now leaning into his space. He props an elbow on the mattress and brushes her long hair behind her ear. “ But sometimes I’m not here. I’m at work or in the garage or outside or I play really loud music--”
“ Nah duhs Dat. Din oh Daddy wif Dat.”
“ Oh really?” Castiel is surprised by this new information. It had never occurred to him that Dean’s beard had any reason to exist other than the man looked stunning with it.
“ Good idea,” Claire agrees. She grabs the llama from Dean’s leg and heads over to the diaper bag.
Castiel often wonders how long his celebrity will last once this entire ordeal is over.
“ Come meet my Baby!” Dean is grinning ear to ear, obviously very excited to show off his precious. “ I had her at Cain’s to keep her out of the way. Moved her in while y’all were at the zoo.” He steps back and motions Cas to approach.
Should he tell Dean? What would he tell him? How much would he tell him?
There’s a lot of bubbles now.
Castiel chokes, just a bit.
Dean chuckles and settles further in his corner of the couch- Jack again in his lap- as Cas reads two stories about hedgehogs. Then the older man takes Jack for bathtime, leaving Claire and Dean to read a book about an annoying neighbor duck and a story about whiny penguins. A discussion about more realistic problems for arctic animals ensues for a while, Claire lecturing Dean about the horrors of climate change that she’s learned about in school. Then they settle in and read the infamous Book of Tears.
So he is now awake and up, for the sake of his very pregnant sister-in-law, and is being fairly reimbursed by large amounts of caffeine and whatever foodstuffs he chooses once they reach the farmers market.
And a year later, he’s still dealing with Zachariah’s atrocious ambition. But he’s getting paid, so Castiel soldiers on.
A heavy weight sinks into the pit of Dean’s stomach at the words. Fuck. Too much, too fast. “ Im sorry, Cas. I sh--”
That small, self deprecating smile crinkles the corners of Cas’ eyes. He shakes his head. “ Jack has outgrown so much, so quickly, I haven’t even had time to make a Goodwill run. “ He reaches out to tweak Jack’s foot. Jack mumbles a no. “ I’m glad they were able to make use of them. I told them if there’s anything else they need to let me know before they purchase anything. Save some time and money.”
“ Just cleaning up the yard.” Wow, his voice is actually much steadier than Castiel could hope for. He’s staring. Castiel can’t help it. But Dean’s caught the direction of his gaze and his enthusiasm is instantaneous and overwhelming.
on Cas’ face and quickly backtracks. “ Or is that too risky?”
“ You sure?” Jess glances back at him, absently dragging a wayward bra strap back up her shoulder.
As each child goes up to choose an item and the parents thank Rowena for an excellent storytime, Castiel keeps Jack entertained until the line dwindles down. And, takes the time to check his phone. Nothing yet.
to get his chill on.
Dean feels bad lying to his brother. It’s not exactly a lie. He
Meg? Or Gabriel?
Christ, he’s getting hit in the heart too many times this week. Okay, Monday’s sudden crushing on Castiel Novak can't really compare to a three year serious relationship with Cain, but still, Dean would like to fall back into a peaceful, no entanglements headspace.
Thursdays at Hunters Hollow Pediatrics are typically busy and today has been no exception, if a bit rainier than most. Dean’s only been working here for a couple of months ( and living in Hunters Hollow, TN for only a week more), but has quickly fallen into the day to day rhythm in the children’s clinic. As the newest member on staff, Dean doesn’t have the patient base that his coworkers have built up over the years, which leaves him with the majority of the walk-ins. Dean is totally cool with that. It’s a bit like when he was working the Sioux Falls ER; never knowing exactly what to expect from patient to patient, minute to minute. Though here, in a small community clinic that caters only to the non-urgent under eighteen crowd, his time is mostly spent advising parents to give plenty of fluids and having awkward puberty talks with young teens.
Rowena eats it up, per usual. “ My wee chick, ye’ve grown since last week, I swear!” She ruffles the felt comb of his costume and turns to Claire for the same treatment. Claire also adds extra smoochy noises for effect. “ And you, little lady, are nearly tall as your father!”
“ On the other hand…”Meg prompts.
other thngs what? make you hot?
Frustrated, Dean snaps his head toward the wide hallway that leads to the Children’s Area. Jess emerges around the corner first, walking even more awkwardly than usual, both hands cradling her large stomach. Slightly pained expression on her face. Sam is right behind her, hands steadying at her back, face a familiar blank that does nothing to hide the terror going on behind his eyes.
“ I can hear you overthinking. Stop.” Gabriel tosses a silver glittery bow toward Castiel’s head.
He forces a measured breath and opens the message.
“ Nope, nope.” Dean leans back in and surrounds Cas, both arms hugging him against his chest, mouth buried in his rumpled hair. “ Not you, Cas. Didn’t do nothing wrong, you hear me? “ He is fucking this up royally. With the scars, and now his stupid kink. And that fear of being laughed at, of being judged, thought of as disgusting? Dean knows that’s not going to happen with Cas, but still...  “ I’m the one that screwed up. Maybe.”
A very eventful Saturday for Dean and Cas. Separately, unfortunately.
“ You certainly know how to make a gal feel special, “ Meg chuckles quietly. “ So, what are you thinking?” No jokes this time, she’s taking him seriously.
Cain sips his own beer, watching Dean over the edge of the bottle. “ Our first kiss.”
And Ruby does just that. “ Yeah. Doesn’t really have the same impact now, does it?”
Cas joins in.
After that, Dean has basically two jobs. One is to run back and forth between the cafeteria, the nurses’ station, and Jess’ room. Two, is texting or calling everyone on the list Sam and Alice made in order to spread the word on the birth’s progress. He does so while Jess is getting her epidural, glad to have something to distract him from the needles and lines.  Dean also spends much of his time correcting people who assume he and Sam are a gay couple here with their surrogate, which happens way too often.
Like Dean. Castiel can do this. This is good. Being friends with Dean. No sex. No with-benefits. Just good friends. The children can have another caring adult in their lives without him complicating it with more. He doesn’t have to drag Dean into his problems.
Jack’s attention snaps to Dean, his body stilling, his little round face full of hope.
While his daughter turns on the television, Castiel regains himself and approaches Dean much as Claire had. He squats down near Dean’s head, glancing up once as Cain joins the children on the couch. Then all his focus is on the teary green eyes below him.
Another video takes the Bee Girl’s place, this one Castiel actually recognizes because it’s one of Meg’s favorite bands. Not that she’d ever admit it. Or admit that she got Castiel hooked, as well.
“ Remember when I pulled that man from a wrecked car thirteen years ago?”
They take the back way, again, passing by the Novak-Kline kitchen windows where Gabriel is, again, filming them through the blinds. Castiel flips him off right before they turn the corner under the carport. He can already smell the lovely scents of fresh coffee and bacon.
Dean lets him borrow a pair of ratty sneakers ( “ You’re not getting
“ Pup-pup?”
“ On the mouth?”
He locks up the Impala and strides across the hot asphalt towards the left end unit of the stripmall. Cain is sitting in a corner window, staring down at the lidless paper cup in his hands, as though the still liquid inside has all the answers. It’s such a beautifully familiar sight and something in Dean pushes the apprehension aside. It doesn’t disappear, it’s still there at the back of his mind, but this whole thing is much more doable. Dean thinks he might even enjoy it.
“ That works. Let’s go.” Claire is already tugging carefully on Jack’s arm, getting him to leave off his intense study of the goggles Dean gave him and get his feet moving down the hall. The oversized proton pack slaps against her calves with every step.
“ Pardon?” Rowena asks sweetly, looking up into his face with her own knowing expression.
You’re a very generous uncle, Dean. I’m proud of you.
“ Well, you were rather sloshed at the time.” Cain agrees.
He’s just plugging the phone back in to charge when Cas appears in the doorway.
Castiel chooses the chair a bit further away, facing her. He’d like to say it is completely out of spite, but the larger part of him acknowledges his choice is one of safety. His back is against a wall and he has enough distance to give himself more time to avoid any physical attack she may launch. Although he doubts that will happen. It’s not Nicholas’ game. Not at the moment, anyway.
“ Cas?”
Dean blinks is eyes open more fully and he realizes his brother is wearing a full monkey suit. Crap. “ Meeting?”
“ That’s right. Thank you for reminding me, Claire.” Castiel smiles, dividing his daughter’s long hair down the middle of her head and beginning a set of good old fashioned twin braids. “ We can practice Viking Warrior Braids next weekend when we have more time. “  He glances at the clock on the mantle. They have another twenty minutes before they are expected at Dean’s. Another ten before the oven timer goes off for the brownies. He can already smell the faint scent of burning charcoal, Dean apparently getting the grill ready for their dinner.
From there it’s a roller coaster of conflicting emotions. He should have guessed that his family lawyer was related to the attractive nurse practitioner; Winchester isn’t the most common of surnames. And now Castiel is wondering if that odd wave of recognition upon meeting Dean at the clinic for the first time was nothing more than a lost memory of seeing his photograph in Sam’s office at some point. And Sam being married to Claire’s pediatrician makes it even more likely that Sam’s brother would be employed there as well, nepotism has its benefits.  And then, coincidence on top of coincidence, Cain knows Dean from--
His voice is still sleep rough, but Dean seems to like what he hears, biting his plump lower lip before his whole face lights up at the compliment. As though his handsomeness has never been remarked upon, which the older man knows better. Dean pushes his hand under the blankets to find Castiel’s and close around it, thumb stroking softly in his palm. “ Want me to text Gabe and ask for more time?”
“ ‘Kay.” She saunters off ahead of her father, toward the hall bathroom.
Dean laughs and pulls away, slowly getting to his feet (rueful face as his knees pop very loudly). “ Being annoying is how he shows he cares.” He holds his hand out to help Castiel up. “ Big brothers do that.”
Charlie opens it, reads, and gasps. “ Is this the first one that mentions the kids?”
“ Not a problem. You’ve done so much for us.” Castiel smiles back, watching Cain open the back door and step out onto the porch. They exchange goodnights and Castiel locks back up; knob, deadbolt one and dead bolt two. Then a quick moment at the punchpad near the door jamb, security code entered and alarm system set. He’ll double check all the other locks in the house before he retires, each window and door, even though the kitchen door is the only portal in the entire house that is used, every other point of entry locked tight and left alone.
There are over a hundred emails from the past eleven months, since the last time Castiel emptied his trash folder. Each one is something simple, only one or two lines, and implies an overfamiliarity with Castiel that has his nerves on edge. One or two could be considered a mistake. Managing to overcome the block could be considered a flaw in Outlook. But Castiel can no longer ignore this steady stream of messages growing more and more knowledgeable of his daily life.
And then, there’s Dean’s birthday. The Big Four Zero.
Castiel groans at the passive-aggressive lobs casually being tossed about. “ Oh my god.”
Maybe it reminds Cain of his own first kiss, or maybe just pleasant first kisses in general. Dean frowns in thought, holding the candle directly under his nose to continually breathe it in. Maybe...
“ But he's got money and connections and his lawyer- who literally left Sam's firm to become the dick's personal defense team-  has him out on bail. That asshole never even spent a night in handcuffs.” Jess frowns over her cheesestick.
“ That is a rockin’ hairdo, buddy.” Dean smiles and scoops Jack up, much to the toddler’s giggling delight. He turns his bright white smile toward Claire to compliment her own neatly done braids, then brings his attention back up to Castiel who can’t stop staring at the freckles on Dean’s nose,  highlighted by the late afternoon sunlight.
There have been no vibrations from his coat pocket. “ Not yet. But, like you said, it will take him quite some time to get Mr. Sam and Dr. Jess settled at the hospital.”
“ Hallelujah!” Sam throws his hands in the air, both holding food and drink.
It takes a second for Dean’s brain to catch up, screeching to a halt at the realization of what he’s actually witnessing. The frustration instantly morphs into a panic rivaling his brother’s. “ Oh shit.”
This was not a date. Even though they technically shared dinner and two movies together. With two children. That Dean helped put to bed and he’s never going to take for granted that warmth that suffuses his entire being when Jack and Claire give him goodnight hugs.
i still wear half the layers you do! and yes, we do, y’all ar more than welcome to come over to sam n jess’ tomorrow for lunch
Except there’s a very familiar roar growing in volume and a pair of headlights appears in the darkness under the trees, sweeping across the shrubbery and bare trunks. Meg turns to look the same time Castiel does, then whips back to nail him with a wicked smile.
“ Mizyoo, Daddy. Unca Gay leh cuck behkfist. Dat cuck woefulls.”
Cas frowns, but even in Dean’s giddy state he can see the happiness in those blue eyes. The older man follows Claire and Jack as they run-walk toward Dean’s station near the front circulation desk. Dean squats down, two
Jack is sitting on the exam bench, holding the popsicle now, but not sucking on it. Castiel is gathering his things; a diaper bag slung over his shoulder, a wet navy suit coat draped carelessly over the bag. He has a steady hand on Jack’s knee to keep him in place. “ Thank you, Dean. We appreciate the kindness.” Castiel offers his free hand.
Strange, but not threatening, so he stopped reading them and sent them directly to the trash. And, yes, Castiel has noticed a slight uptick in frequency since then. Every other week, then one every week, and now he’s had three in the last week alone. He glances up from his computer screen, scanning the surrounding area. The patrons are in their own little worlds, no one seems to need his help with the printer or catalog.
Sam hesitates, but eyes the coffee and donuts with obvious desire. “ Yeah, okay. Here, trade.” He hands the empty bottle to Dean and takes the blanket, loosely wrapping it around Alex as Dean sets the bottle near the sink.
“ So?” Castiel is completely clueless about her desired topic of discussion.
“ Very likely.”
watching the cameras to make sure one of our repeat offenders was actually checking out her DVDs and not simply walking out with them, and just so happened to catch the scene you two were making before that handsome moose panicked at his wife’s first contraction.”
“ Yeah, Daddy! Dance!” Dean chimes in with a wicked smile.
“ Uh huh!” Dean sticks his tongue out.
for the pics. The texting with Cas continues in between patients and keeps him awake enough to finish his afternoon without mishap. Once home, Dean reluctantly says goodnight to his neighbor and his brother and crashes the moment his head hits the pillow.
Dean chuckles, shaking his head. “ No, darlin’. It’s actually a daddy thing, but Mr. Sam isn’t allowed to have a beard at his office, so being the awesome older brother that I am, I did it in his place. I kinda like it, really, but it’s not great to have at the clinic. Lot of upkeep involved.”
“ You just like to make me blush.”
Dean’s memory clears the tiniest bit. “ I grabbed your coat collar.” Thick wool, warm and dry, smelling of Cain’s soap.
Alex kicks his legs. Dean laughs and turns back to the pot of bubbling chicken cacciatore soup on the stove. “ Yeah, you’re right. Excess went out with the 80s. We’ll just have dinner, turn on some Dr. Sexy MD, and maybe get some cleaning done. How’s that sound, huh?”
Dean responds with a smile and slips away to his bedroom as Cas enters the bathroom and closes the door behind him.  Having his little mental debate verbalized in such a sympathetic, and sexy, way really helped Dean get over the little glitch. He happily strips down and redresses in clean boxers and a pair of thin grey lounge pants. There’s an even thinner wash worn AC/DC t-shirt in hand when his cell phone buzzes loudly against the wooden nightstand where he’d plugged it in before his bathroom break.
“ Awesome! Promise, I’ll take real good care of it. ” Claire drops her pumpkin to the floor and fumbles her way into the overly large straps.
“ Some people just click, Clarence. We did.” Meg grins, idly dragging her fingers through her dark wavy hair and twisting it at the ends. “ You and Amelia. I know it takes you a while to work up romantical feelings, but it’s not like those are the only valid feelings in the world. It could just be a  really good friends thing. ”  Castiel squirms uncomfortably in his seat and Meg pauses, staring, until the grin drops away and her face softens into understanding. “ But that’s not what you’re hoping for, in the long run, is it?”
. “ So, if she is the one sending the emails, then busted, regardless, but… Is she doing it on her own, or sending these on behalf of dickwad there?”
“ Hey, Cas.” Dean waves back, smile almost shy.
“ C’mere.” Dean slings an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and pulls him in, slotting their legs together, chests flush. A series of kisses on lips and cheeks. Delicate pressure, almost chaste. Fingers stroking up and down the back of his neck.
“ Only one way to find out.”
Castiel feels like he should correct her language, but he also feels like Claire should be allowed to express herself as she wants. As long as she’s not being rude or insensitive. So he gets up and wanders to the window where the two children are still stationed. Cain is the only person he sees outside, long gray hair contained by a black bandana, busy lugging a box from the trailer hitched to his truck. They must already have the bigger pieces inside. “ Alright, then. Help me make a jug and we’ll bring it over.”
“ G’night, Cas.” Dean’s voice is slurred and sweet. He brushes a kiss across Castiel’s chin as the older man retreats back to his own side of the large pillow.
Well, among other things.
Someone recently mentioned that they liked the authenticity of Cas’ library job which can be explained by the fact that I work in a library :) Cas’ day in Chapter 2 is a pretty common day at work for me; except I work all day in the chaos of Children’s.
“ Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition,” Dean mumbles, dragging his fork through the whipped cream on top of his waffle.
Rowena’s Witching Hour has apparently become a much loved tradition here at Hunters Hollow Library, the children’s librarian beginning it nearly thirty years prior when she first started working there. To the point that she now has three different sittings throughout the Haunting the Library event for the last ten years. The first one is always the most popular, parents wanting to get the younger children to bed sooner. The last one, at six thirty, has taken on a creepier atmosphere to keep the older children entertained. Castiel hopes it’s not too much for Claire who admires Rowena but has a very active imagination. For Jack, who adores Rowena and demands kissies every time he sees her, Castiel isn’t too worried.
to get use to this.
Dean eyes the height/weight numbers on his chart, confirming what he sees before him; that Jack is definitely bigger than the average 27-month-old. “ Did that help at all?”
Jack dives right in, pulling out a twisted bundle of undershirts, a pair of damp boxers falling onto the floor. “ Up, Din.” He raises his hands, laundry hanging down into his face.
Castiel shakes his head. “ No one’s been ill. Claire had a cold a few weeks ago, and they both came in last Wednesday to get their flu shots. ”
Then Dean gets to it. This newest haul is to augment the Christmas stockings for his coworkers. But he’ll keep a few things for himself, too. He can’t help it. “ So awesome,” he says again as he smears some honey balm across his lower lip and smacks it against his upper. The wind has been murder lately, chapping all his exposed skin. Some hand lotion and candles, all in pine and clove scents. ‘Tis the Season, and all. And, as always, a First Kiss candle, shooting star etched into the glass.
“ Dean is out tonight, remember? Visiting Dr. Jess and Mr. Sam and Alex.” The other man deserves to go out, to relax with his family and friends, and Castiel doesn’t want to worry him, to make Dean come rushing home to help. Expect he really does, and that’s a problem he’ll deal with later. Instead, Castiel turns up the radio a smidge- an annoyingly infectious pop song for the children’s enjoyment- and sends a text to Cain.
Dean grins up at the stage as Andrea steps up to the mic to sing
Castiel sighs. “ We have fifteen minutes before Gabriel and the children come to visit.” Giving them a two and a half minute buffer in case Gabriel decides to go back to his original deadline.
Dean chuckles, very much feeling the same during his time here at the library.“ But fun, right?”
“ Again, untwist your panties. Just curious, is all.” Meg’s smirk is clear even over the line. “ Look, it’s your call. Tell him and get some thank you nookie, nookie which you so desperately need, by the way. Don’t tell him and let it drive you crazy every time you see him at the mailbox. I know which I’d choose.”
Both children are staring up at Rowena in complete awe. Even Castiel finds himself swept up in the drama. When the woman opens her hands, Castiel sees a square Mega Blok printed to look like a chocolate chip cookie and a bracelet made from dozens of small colorful rubber bands. Rowena smilingly hands the block to Jack who thanks her and tucks it into the kangaroo pocket of his hoodie for safe keeping. Claire accepts her bracelet like one being knighted, complete with a curtsey and Rowena is happy to play along with her own bow. She stares at the strands of rubber around her wrist for several seconds then jolts upright as though remembering something. “ May I get one for Dr. Jess’ baby?”
“ It was amazing! If the regulars hadn’t brought their own gear, I wouldn’t have had enough to pass around.” Charlie’s face is practically beaming, smile bright, eyes wide. Her enthusiasm is very contagious. “ I mean, a few always fall off as we go on, but we had nearly thirty kids today, so even if half drop off to do school activities, we’ll still have a nice size club. And if any of them want to join Moondoor then they have enough to form their own clan if they want.”
“ Up top where the pokey bushes are.” Claire says matter of factly.
.” He tilts his head up and Dean could melt right here and now with that mischievous little smile aimed up at him. “ Guess that’s the manly musk.”  Cas goes back to nosing under Dean’s shirt, tongue peeking out to lick over the closest nipple again.
Andrea winks. “ You know you scared ‘em spitless during their Bell Witch Cave investigation last month.”
He even double checks his spelling before sending it on its way. And then Dean busies himself with baking and cleaning and even an hour wiping down Baby to keep himself distracted from the silent phone in his back pocket.
“ Daddy’s coming, Jack! Rawr!”
Dean grimaces. “ TMI.” He rocks slowly in the glider, letting the motions lull Alex into a trance. “ Then I can watch him once we get everyone home today, until Alice and Jim get settled. You’ll feel better in your own bed and you’ll both be ready to tackle tonight.”
“ Pop!” Jack squeals at the glass. “ Pop! Pop, pop, pop!”
“ So where exactly has the knight made her lair?” Cain interposes.
The absolute seriousness of Cas’ delivery gets a snort from Dean, breaking his sexy facade completely apart. Chuckling quietly, he pets both hands across the nicely toned chest in front of him, thumb tracing a beautifully sculpted collarbone. “ Good. Because I definitely like what I see. “ And he does.  The line of a faded farmer’s tan lingers on Cas’s upper arms and neck, sunkissed contrasting with pale. Strong well defined shoulders that Dean wants to see braced above him sometime very soon. Tiniest hint of softness at his middle that makes Dean feel less self conscious about his own. Thin dark hairs trailing below a cute little navel into the waistband of the worn jeans where there’s a strip of even paler milky white exposed by the low riding denim.
Unlike Jack, who was a good little ten-and-two’er (like Cas, Dean imagines), Claire has obviously been watching Dean drive because she immediately leans far left to get her elbow propped on the window ledge, other arm braced out to drape a hand over the top of the wheel, neck craned to see back around Dean. She and Jack are both singsonging, “ Back dat thang up! Back dat thang up!” And Dean is about to absolutely lose his shit. He glances over at Cas to find him in a similar state; hand tightly over his mouth, upper body shaking, fighting back intense laughter. Dean’s glad the inappropriately hilarious lyrics have eased Cas’ nerves.
He quickly squashes his knee jerk reaction to flip over and wrestle the suddenly solid phantom off him and put it into a chokehold. Because in the lightness of predawn and high-powered security lights streaming through the open blinds, Dean looks over his shoulder and recognizes the small- but inhumanly heavy- form of Jack clambering along his person. His heartbeat slows, his breath escaping in a long whoosh of relief. The fear from the nightmare, and startling awake, ebbs away with each of Jack’s irritated huffs.
The holiday season is upon us, starting with Turkey Day.
“ Whoa, buddy!” Dean grabs the seat of Jack’s pajamas and keeps him from crawling all the way into the wash. Jack looks over his shoulder, irritated and confused by the halting of his mission. Dean doesn’t want to encourage any dangerous behaviors, and playing in any kind of large appliance is dangerous, especially for small children. But, Jack obviously really wants to help. So, Dean keeps a firm grip and a stern face. “ You can only do this with a grown-up, okay? Me or Daddy has to hold onto you.”
“ I know you do, darlin’. But when I’m not here you can still get in touch with me. With this.” Dean raises the little tile for Claire to see. “  Whenever you need me you can push this button two times and it makes my phone ring and I’ll come right over, okay?” He catches the little parental frown on Cas’ face and smothers a grin before placing the limitations he understands Cas wants on this new piece of technology. “ But, this is for bedtime emergencies only, okay. Or when your Daddy forgets to charge his phone.” Dean tosses a wicked grin at the other man.
“ Dean, your incredible capacity for emotion is one of the reasons I began a relationship with you in the first place. There’s no shame in that.” Cain gives Dean a very serious look, meaning to be taken at his word. His hand remains snug around Dean’s wrist. ” And you know that’s not why I had to end things between us.”
“ Cocktease,” Gabriel declares.
“ Older than, Dad?”
It gets the chuckle he’d hoped for, Dean’s breath washing over his chin. “ I guess you get that a lot, working at the library.”
Castiel returns the wave and forces his body to turn back toward his home, trotting up the hill with maximum haste. Keys in the locks and he’s inside, re-locking and setting up the alarm and leaning back against the door to take in a deep trembling breath.
And, as Castiel suspected, his fears are completely unfounded. Claire shrugs- pushing the falling glasses up again- and pokes at the corner of her waffle. “ Yeah, it’s okay. You’ll get flowers and candy and stuff.”
“ Tissues it is. Be back, ASAP.” Dean backs out of the room, supplies in hand, and heads straight for his desk. He snatches the box of expensive ultra soft lotiony tissues and tucks it under his arm. Next stop, he drops off the swab and paperwork with Stan in the lab. He passes Alex in the hallway and hands over the tissues, asking her to drop them off at exam room three and completely ignoring her knowing expression. A quick check at the nurse’s station confirms he’s not needed anywhere else for the moment and Dean decides to go ahead and start on the antibiotics prescription; by the time the call gets through Stan should have the lab results. It’s timed perfectly, the tech hands over the results with a mouthed,
“ Your boy parts?” Castiel grins.
Both men shoot her barely heated glares and rise from their spots on the floor to very carefully move the large wooden entertainment center back against the wall. Once done, Sam flops beside Jess on the couch and Dean drops into the recliner crammed into the corner.
“ Daddy! Daddy!”
Castiel has witnessed the young couple not-so-covertly necking a few times in the library study rooms. He does not look forward to his own children reaching puberty. “ Yes, like Patience and Alfie. We would like to go out sometime, just the two of us, when we have the chance, but mostly we simply want to spend more time together. Here, or at Dean’s. Not much would change otherwise… Is that okay with you?”  He gently places the real issue in all this in his daughter's court, refusing to be nervous. Claire likes Dean and has never had any attachment to the idea of Castiel and Amelia being together. And even if, in the off chance, Claire doesn’t approve, Castiel is not giving up on Dean. They’ll work it out somehow, no matter what.
Castiel feels the dread sink into his body, cold settling heavy in his chest, breath trapped there. The emails had slowed for a while after he’d made the special folder for them, sometimes a couple weeks going by without any word from the ominous sender. Castiel had never taken the situation to Charlie, hoping, so desperately, that the person had grown tired of the lack of response and moved on to more enticing prey. But now, it seems, the pause may have been merely a chance to lull Castiel into a false sense of security.
“ Of course. He’ll be happy to hear it.” Castiel squeezes her hand and the smile on his face doesn’t feel quite so forced.
Castiel does not want to wake up.
.” He makes the finger quotes in honor of Dean.
Dean’s costume is his old Spengler coverall with Holtzman’s name velcroed in place and two mismatched water pistols attached to his cardboard proton pack. A pair of quidditch goggles, with duct tape and random magnifying glasses attached, tops it all off. He’s always had a thing for brainy characters.
“ Not tonight. We’ll do
Cain is reliable as ever. “ What you’ve always done. Take care of the children. Take care of yourself. Let the people who care about you help you.”
“ Yash.” Jack solemnly nods his head. “ Teep Dat’s tandy.” Then he seems to think better of it and reaches into his pumpkin to fish out a mini Snickers bar. He pushes it into Dean’s hand. “ Dis fo Din.”
“ I know, really. It just all sorta crept up on me.”
“ Don’t call the spare room a dungeon. I’ve slept on that bed.” Castiel groans, overly dramatic, but happy to move the conversation off his own issues.
Cain saves him again, patting the younger man’s shoulder. “ Did I mention his sincerity? I believe the last few boxes can wait while we have a break. Dean, may we?” He tilts his head toward the stone steps.
And now he’s riled himself up again.
Jack wipes his hands on the fluffy blue rug and wipes and wipes and wipes until there are no bubbles on his hands or on the rug. Clean and dry.
It’s been a hectic morning, with Jack’s health tipping Castiel from watchful to worried and getting Claire to school on time before calling in to the library to have Garth cover his shift at the desk for the day in case he was unable to come in to work later which it looks like he won’t be and that’s another call to make after he hits up the pharmacy.
stickers in hand. “ Hey, kiddos! How much candy did you bring me?”
. “ Fuck,” he whispers.
“ Hm.” Dean makes a thoughtful noise, makes a mental note to try that in his next shower, then rotates his wrist to wrap his fingers around Cas’ shaft outside the underwear. He quickly devolves into a slack jawed groan as Cas gently maneuvers the pink waistband down to catch snug under Dean’s balls.
Dean glances up, surprised. “ Are you… are you thinking about dating someone?”
“ I’ll read it.” Dean quickly agrees. He scrambles backwards until he’s once again on the couch. He meets Cas’ uncertain expression with a smile. “ Gotta be pretty good if it makes grown men cry.” He winks at the older man.
“ Are you old now, Dean?” Claire asks around a mouthful of fruit and pastry.
Cas exhales slowly and shakes his head. “ No. It’s okay.” He shifts slightly in the seat, sitting up, Dean leaning back to give him more room. Blue eyes look up through dark lashes, pleading. “ May I?” He rests his hands on Dean’s hips, fingers playing with the shirt hem.
Dean throws a smile back and moves on to the front door. The blast of air conditioning is almost too much on his sweaty skin. A glance in Cain’s direction and they exchange tiny nods of acknowledgement, then Dean continues on to the counter to place his order. A grande (because he doesn’t need too much stimulation right now) cold brew (because it’s too freaking hot). He eyes the assorted sandwiches and pastries, but his stomach still doesn’t feel fully settled. Best to pass this time.
Dean buttons up, flinching even worse than Cas, pulls on his t-shirt and forces himself to get up and head into the kitchen to get a drink. To collect himself. He had really thought about going, just as Cas suspected. Not as a tantrum or anything. Cas has his hands full and the last thing Dean wants is to be in the way. Parenting is hard enough as it is and Cas doesn’t need to worry about him hanging out in the living room waiting on him. Dean had planned on a quiet , “
Alexander Dean Winchester is born quarter past five in the morning, November 1st.
Jess gives two thumbs up. “ You’re awesome, but I want my bed.”
Dean grins as the kids wiggle into his car, Jack happily perching in Dean’s lap to use the steering wheel. Claire sits mostly in the middle of the bench seat, stretching forward to mess with the radio volume. And Cas… well. Cas is standing in the open door, one hand slowly sliding over the edge of the window. Dean watches the strong fingers curl around the metal and moulding, gripping tight. Dean’s about to ask if anything’s wrong, when the older man lets go and drops into the seat next to Claire. There’s a tightness around his eyes when he glances at Dean and smiles. “ Thank you, Dean.”
“ I’m sure.” Castiel chuckles softly, then he sighs, knowing he needs to--
. Of course Jack remembers Dean for giving him an ice pop.
Called out sick today because I was sick, but also because I needed to finish this between my drugged naps.  Reminder/clarification: Jack is four months away from being three-years-old. Many thanks to everyone who reads, kudos, and comments!!!
“ Aww, you made him blush.” Meg’s clear voice abruptly cuts off Castiel’s erotic tangent.
Castiel does his best to not fall apart under the combined stress of redressing Jack and Dean’s beautifully bright smile. He’s attempting his own joke, but there’s a knock on the door before it opens and Pamela enters, handing a new scrub shirt to Dean and a new grape flavored popsicle to Castiel. “ Thank you,” he nods his head in gratitude. Jack accepts the popsicle and sucks on it eagerly.
“ So fucking adorable.”
He starts slow, long even strokes up and down, pushing the tip of his tongue firmly along the underside of Dean’s cock. He hollows his cheeks on every other upstroke, Dean’s breathy praises filling the quiet. Castiel folds his hands over the narrow hips, fingers splaying over the muscled thighs. The mark he placed on Dean’s belly earlier is already blood dark against the faded tan skin, an even more extreme contrast to the pale flesh lower down, hidden from the sun all season long. The sight pushes a moan around Castiel’s mouthful and Dean responds with a tightening of his fists on Castiel’s shoulders and a hoarse warning cry of his name.
, Jack. His name is
At half past nine, Castiel’s phone buzzes on the couch cushion beside him, Meg’s ID flashing up on the screen. He didn’t expect her to call this early. Castiel nearly drops the phone in his rush to answer. “ Meg?”
“ Wuz happnin’?” Dean hurriedly rolls over, jostling Castiel’s arm. “ Wuz wron’?” Speech still slurred by sleep, eyes barely cracked, short hair a complete wreck.
“ No! C-can’t!” The man growls, one hand pushing against the console, voice cutting in and out. “ Fuckin’ crushed in--but De--’s loose!” He grabs a fistful of Castiel’s shirt and glares through the smoke and blood. “ Get h-- out, please!”
Meg ends the call and Castiel listens to the dial tone for a moment before locking his screen, hanging up on his end. He stares over the back of the couch, out the window and into the circle of bright light flooding the backyard.
“ I was thinking more about the general chaos,” Castiel mutters as an infant in its caregiver’s arms knocks over a display of books. The caregiver never pauses in her relaying of the weekend’s activities to her friend, to attend to her child or to restore the display.
There’s genuine desire in Cas’ expression and Dean doesn’t even hesitate. “ Cool. I’ll come to you, just sit.” Dean gets his hands around Alex’s tiny body and shifts him until he’s safe in his arms, then gets to his feet. Two steps, and he’s bending over Cas on the other end of the couch, holding out the baby. Cas takes Alex with careful, but confident, motions, cradling the baby in his arms as he settles back against the couch cushion. Dean gets a whiff of barely there aftershave and laundry detergent, and the stronger scents of garlic and onion from cooking dinner. It’s an oddly comforting combination.
“ I’m not surprised,” Cas whispers back, chuckling softly.
than when we were children. It’s very chaotic.”
“ Did you kiss ‘im?” Claire demands.
pajamas.
“ Dean!”
“ And you referred us to Dr. Moseley’s clinic.”
Cas moans, his head falling back onto the couch, eyes fluttering closed. “ Yessss, oh God.” He bucks up into Dean’s hold, another soft groan spilling from his mouth.
Temporarily denied his view, Dean lets his sense of touch take over, smoothing his palms down the lean sides and back up to curve over those amazing shoulders and-- He pauses as his fingers encounter a slightly raised patch of skin, a line, along the back of Cas’ right shoulder. The scars. Dean had almost forgotten them since it became long sleeve weather; the long thin white lines scratching their way from the older man’s elbow and disappearing beneath the sleeves of his shirts.  Dean had no idea they extended so far up and still can’t imagine what would have caused the original injury.
“ Oh, uh, no.” Castiel shakes his head to get the little frown off his face and tucks the phone back into his coat pocket.
But Jack hears a bear!
Castiel nods, affirming his own thoughts. “ Aaron’s right. I know you can prove, without a doubt, that Ruby is the one sending the emails. But that would mean telling the authorities just
“ Damn, okay.” Dean leans away, swatting her finger down. “ Best behavior, promise.
“ Most badass first ride you can ask for.” Dean grins, stroking a finger along Baby’s recently washed and waxed hood.
It’s fairly early in the evening, but the Roadhouse is already jumping; the tables are filled and only three stools are available at the bar. Dean knows it won’t be long before they’re taken, as well, and it’ll be standing room only until karaoke is over.
“ As soon as I gathered my wits together, yes. I forced some physical distance between us. Which, unfortunately, hurt your feelings, and rightly so.”
“ Any time.” Garth releases him, grin still in place. “ How’d it go out here? Not too busy?”
Sunday is once again gray and chilly, the previous week’s rain turned to drizzle.  Castiel happily gets into a green Bob Ross t-shirt and navy pullover sweater over his slightly frayed jeans; the need to impress his neighbor thrown aside for comfort. Claire decides on her
“ I’m sure he will be.” Castiel again follows her, hoping to put off his misgivings with some online smartphone shopping while Claire is in the bath. “ Mr. Cain wouldn't let anyone come here to hurt us, so this person must be very nice indeed.”
Castiel just laughs and slants a look up at the man. “ Dean, you do not want a toddler with an open cup of bright red fluid anywhere near your upholstery. I speak from experience, believe me.”
“... Oookay?” Meg pauses, obviously waiting for further information on why she should care.
Fuck his life.
“ You’re too good for Benny.” Dean grins, upending the bottle onto his gumbo.
The older man continues as though Castiel never spoke. “ And we want you to know that whenever a more prominent position opens up,
“ Gabriel.” The door snaps into place and Castiel swings it open and shut a few times to make sure it works properly.  Satisfied, he sets the playset upright and begins looking for the bag of plastic screws to secure the pieces together. It helps keep his flushed face downturned, away from his brother’s scrutiny.   “ I was swept up in it, at first. Then remembered what my life was like and turned him down. He was very understanding, and he’s been a perfect gentleman since. Even when… even when I’ve experienced a moment- or two- of weakness.”
“ Bet you were a real ladies’ man, huh? “ Dean gives a lopsided grin, teasing. “ Knee deep in Bonne Bell lip gloss and tie-dye scrunchies back in the day.”
Jess winks at her hubby. “ Yep.”
Nurse Clif laughs outright. “ I hear that.”
Jack does so with gusto and delight. Most items make it inside, but a few smaller things fall on the edge or miss entirely and fall to the floor. Jack
blushing. Castiel had wondered about the extra warmth under the scruff. He smiles, small but genuine, and decides to move through what could possibly be an awkward moment of emotional vulnerability for the younger man. Stepping away, Castiel pulls the bag of honey candy from his pocket and hands it over to Dean, before shrugging out of the trench coat. “ They can each have one, if they’re still awake.”
She hums quietly in thought, then tilts her head to rest in her hand, elbow propped on the couch back. “ Personally? I think that alone should be enough reason to go after him, but, that’s just my lowly opinion. Now,” Meg kicks him once again, back to grinning. “ I won’t say anything else about it. So instead I’m gonna tell you all about what Hannah and I got up to last weekend in our dungeon.”
“ New York, last week. I think he’s in Japan now. Or Italy.” Castiel heads to the fridge to get beers for his guests. “ Honestly, I usually lose track around the holidays because it’s a hectic schedule for all of us.” He pops the lids on a Black Abbey left by Meg and offers it to Cain, who readily accepts.
Castiel squeezes the psychedelic colored ball to his chest with both arms, attempting to force his thoughts back under control.
And then there’s a wink and a kiss blown in his direction that Castiel lazily catches and holds to his heart as Dean laughingly exits the room.
at. Dammit. See what you did?” Cas shakes his head after the yawn, almost like a dog, watery eyes blinking rapidly.
Saturday morning finds Dean driving Cain’s old ford F150 with Jess riding shotgun, Sam in the bitch seat between them. Dean and Jess barely manage to keep from laughing the whole way to the new place at Sam’s knees practically around his ears.  Baby is parked at Cain’s house, waiting patiently for Dean to return and tuck her safely away in his new garage.
see Cas.”
“ Wha?” Dean repeats, nearly dropping the food from his mouth around the word. He chokes it down and tries again. “ Nobody’s glowing.” And he can’t say anything about the name because he knows whose name she’s talking about and he’s not getting into it with her tonight. Pamela is practically fucking psychic and Dean has learned not to draw her attention. But tonight is not his night, apparently, so he ups his deflection game. “ What about you and the big guy?” He points his own spoon at the very tall imposing man sitting on Pamela’s right. Dean was properly introduced to Gadreel Ezekiel -Zeke- Adler a month ago, as he was picking Pamela up from the clinic and has not exchanged anything more than a nod of greeting since. Zeke is the very definition of the
Dean remembers he’s the nurse who passed him a cold wet washcloth to clean his snotty face up before Dean held Alex for the first time; Nurse Clif. Nurse Clif  apparently remembers Dean, too, because the first thing he says to him is, “ Well, you look a sight better than the last time I saw you.”
Not suspicious at all. Castiel remains rigid under the attention. He has an idea where this is going, but doesn't want to give Zachariah the satisfaction of playing along with his schemes. “ Thank you, sir.”
Castiel chuckles quietly. “ More than twenty years since my last school dance and I’m
, because Sam Elliott is a tall fucking glass of water (and Dean suddenly realizes why he was so instantly attracted to Cain all those years ago, the similarities are remarkable) and he’s seen it a million times so he won’t be too distracted when he and Cas get a little handsy.
“ Jerk.” Sam mutters from the counter.
“ You don’t remember, do you?’ Cain appears with two steaming bowls of chili and a small plate of cornbread muffins, carefully setting his items on the table before taking his seat opposite Dean. He’s smiling gently, amused.
There’s that hesitation again and Dean decides he won’t push it. He doesn’t mind being the only partially naked person at the moment. But Cas takes a breath, pulling away, hands slipping from Dean’s body to grasp his own hemline and tug the sweatshirt over his head before Dean can protest the sudden action.
It’s been five years, and not much has changed about Cain Adamson. There’s more silver in the salt and pepper hair that is much longer than when Dean last saw him, the beard a bit fuller. A deepening of the crows feet around the still bright blue eyes. God, Dean really does have a type.
“ Uuuuhhh, no. I’m not.” Mentally, Castiel plans an irate phone call to his best friend
“ Order up!” A throaty female voice cuts through the classic rock and conversation. Andrea, Benny’s wife and CFO, maneuvers her way through the tightly packed tables with a massive tray held high. She’s beaming brightly at her tables of regulars as she begins carefully handing over individual orders. “ Nine beers, and one Coke for the lady with a baby. Gumbo, gumbo, gator bites and gumbo…” Andrea works her way around the table, various Cajun delights finding their owners (with the exception of Jess’ very plain hamburger because spicy food has become her new preggo kryptonite) until her tray is empty and she returns to the kitchen for the rest of their orders. Dean is distracted by Ed and Harry popping out over the kitchen counter for a moment. They spot Dean, giving him the stink eye, before ducking back into the kitchen proper. Andrea immediately reappears through the swinging door with a slightly smaller tray. She sets a huge platter of nachos a third of the way down the row, and another platter of onion rings at the opposite third, closer to Dean. He grabs a couple and tosses them into his bowl of gumbo before flashing Andrea his sweetest smile. “ The Dubious Duo didn’t spit in these, did they?”
His birthday is on a Thursday, but he agrees with Sam to have a nice dinner with him and Jess and Alex on the preceding Saturday. Because they’re family and Dean doesn’t want a big fuss.
Claire interrupts his thoughts, swiping at her own face. “ Why? Is that an uncle thing?”
“ Right. “ Castiel lingers another few seconds, before getting out, “ Good night, Dean.”
Castiel turns back around to catch Dean quickly turning his head away, guilty. Had the man been watching them? Watching him? It’s a pleasant thought, and most likely wishful thinking, and Castiel dismisses it as he approaches the beautiful ebony car. He has to consciously ignore the prickling of unease at the sight of the vehicle, memories still sitting very uneasily with him. Dean is lightly jangling his key ring in one hand, other pushed into his back jean pocket. Smiling across Baby’s hood. Castiel smiles back. “ Sorry. She’s very… Meg.”
Fighting the urge to laugh outright, Castiel bites his bottom lip and watches the red splotch spread outward, a small dribble pulled down by gravity toward the older spots across his stomach leftover from their hurried breakfast. When he raises his gaze, Dean is still standing panic stricken across from him, popsicle nearly broken in half in his fist. Something inside him wants to bring the smile back to that handsome face so Castiel lets his own smile break free and makes an attempt at humor. “ It matches the ketchup stains from breakfast.” He reaches out for the intended treat, carefully folding his fingers around it once it lands in his palm. And if Dean’s thumb grazes the side of Castiel’s palm, well, Castiel is going to simply gloss over the little frisson of warmth. Though he will offer his gratitude properly.“ Thank you, so much. For the tissues, as well.”
Sam nods in agreement with Dean’s initial reaction. “ Cas was down here visiting with Claire and offered to take Jack for the afternoon. He was barely a year old so Cas was really doing Kelly a big favor, giving her and Amelia a break for a few hours. When Cas came back to the house with Jack and Claire in tow, Nick met them at the door covered in blood. Cas tackled him and shouted for Claire to grab Jack and run to the neighbors. Claire was only four, but according to the police report she dragged Jack to the house across the street. The old lady got them inside and called 9-1-1.”
Castiel is shaking his head before the words leave his mouth. “ Dean. I’d already decided that I wasn’t letting you go, even if, for some reason, Claire decided she didn’t want us to officially date.”  He pulls back just enough to look into those lovely green eyes, wiped dry but still a hint of vulnerability left. Castiel puts as much confidence and comfort into his smile as possible as he strokes his thumb though Dean’s short hair. The younger man ever so slightly leans into the light contact. “ It may have taken some time to win her over, but I would not have given you up. When I said <i>together</i>, I meant it. This is exactly what I meant.”
Charlie pouts. “ That was too easy.”
Sam’s bitchface is epic. “ Was the Playstation up the whole time, too?”
Castiel needs to see more. Now.
“ Hardly.” Castiel moves them back a step, then forward. He can feel the warmth of Dean’s skin through his t-shirt. “ I went to most of the school activities because Gabriel and Balthazar bribed me with book money if I went along and played wingman.” A slight draft brings the scent of clean skin and soap to Castiel’s nose. He breathes it in as subtley as possible. “ I used to think they just did it to torture me, the youngest. I was horribly awkward. But as I got older, I believe they were genuinely worried about me being alone in the house all the time.” He hadn’t really meant to divulge that last part. He’s spoken to Dean before about his childhood, they’ve exchanged funny stories and less pleasant ones about growing up in a household with largely absent parental figures. It’s been interesting, comparing Dean’s view as the oldest and Castiel’s experience as the youngest. But not what Castiel had really wanted to get into at the moment. This particular moment.
But then Jack yawns and he is cold and a
that might be, you’ll be top on our list to fill it.” Zachariah wanders around to Garth’s side of the space causing Castiel's hackles to rise at the invasion. “ For instance, Rowena isn’t nearly as young as she’d like everyone to believe and with her frequent absences we need someone responsible and with a certain
Jess shakes her head, reaching for the last cheesestick. “ Hard to believe, I know. Jack’s like a mini-Cas. It’s insane.”
Cas tries to protest the public sharing of the video but the storm and front door are already closed and the locks thudding dully into place. Leaving them, once again, alone in the frozen silence.
Cain returns less than a minute later, empty handed, and stops behind one of the chairs pushed under the table. He leans forward and curls his hands over the backrest, bracing his arms. He joins Castiel in staring out the window. Except Cain finds Castiel’s gaze in the reflection and keeps it from wandering off.
Makes the green of your eyes even brighter.
Dean noticed the thin white lines dragging from Cas’ elbow up into the short shirtsleeve he was wearing that first day when Cas and the kids greeted him as he moved in. He’s always wondered how Cas got them and how extensive they are. But he’s never seen Cas shirtless and never got up the nerve to ask. Seemed too personal, even as friends. But he’s noticed, every time, how Cas doesn’t seem overly embarrassed by the scars (even seems to forget about them most of the time), but still unconsciously moves to cover them when they come under scrutiny..
Dean pulls a mock angry frown. “ Hey! Pamela dropped a filing cabinet on my foot!”
“ Remember what we talked about on the way home.” He reluctantly turns from Dean and takes the few steps to the back door, edging around the children to get his keys into the appropriate locks. “ Behave for Dean and we’ll visit the big hotel again, see all the Christmas lights.”
Dean nods in thanks, giving a thumbs up as he lets Sam swing past him to lead him to their usual setup in the corner nearest the little stage. Four two-tops have already been pushed together to seat the gathering of ten. No elbow room whatsoever. Dean takes his usual seat at the far end of the grouping, tugging his chair out and falling into it with a heavy sigh of relief. Not just at getting off his feet, though that feels awesome after a hard shift, but because there’s something comforting about this place, these people, hell, even the food he can smell all around him. The atmosphere combines to settle his squirrely thoughts, his uncertainties, his many many doubts.
Dean watches as his brother and ex shake hands. Sam actually blushes, his hand pausing in the shake, before tightening his hold and replying, “ Thanks, I’ve heard lots of good things about you, too.”
It’s not even a personal photo, but one of the publicity shoots from years ago, long before Jack’s time. Black and white, printed out on regular copy paper. No adornments. No name or title written in the margins.
He’d been having a nightmare.
“ I remember changing the bandages on your back for the following month.”
Its kinda imperfect and Dean is head over heels.
“ Has Dean texted yet?” Claire shifts her pumpkin into the crook of her elbow and takes Castiel’s hand.
Realizing he’s vastly outnumbered, Castiel rolls his eyes, and stands. It’s a few seconds getting Alex secured in his bouncy seat, turned to watch the shenanigans. His big dark eyes are wide open, confused by the manic motions all around. Castiel gently boops his nose, then turns to Jack, taking his hands and leading him to the middle of the floor. He makes sure he gives Claire and Dean plenty of room, then begins carefully swinging their joined arms, leaning far to each side to enhance Jack’s giggle.
“ I’m afraid…” Castiel drops his arms and twists to face Meg, mirroring her position on the couch, albeit not as casually. “ I’m afraid he’ll see me differently. That he’ll think I see him differently. That it will be even more awkward between us. That eventually, “ he pauses to swallow, the root of his fear difficult to voice. “ Eventually,  he’ll pull away and this friendship, the first I’ve had in over a decade, will fade away until we’re
“ So it shouldn’t explode or be covered in anthrax. Yay.” Dean pulls on the handle and lets the truck door swing open, booted feet crunching on the dry leaves blown onto the gravel.
. How Cas feels like home.
Once the kids get over their disappointment of Aunt Meg’s cancellation, they happily settle back at the dinner table with cookies and milk while Dean and Cas eat their fill of lasagna and salad. Claire and Dean discuss his mother’s cookie recipe and Jack engages Cas in a debate over the appropriate number of cookies a toddler should have for dessert. It’s warm and comfortable and everything Dean misses when he has to eat alone.
“ Dear God, that was so awkward.” Cas sighs heavily, but the smile is still there.
There are sirens in the distance and Castiel realizes he never called 9-1-1; a passing motorist on the other side of the median must have alerted emergency services. So he sits and rocks and cries as the man in his arms passes out and the sirens grow ever louder.
that practically jumps out at Castiel. “ That one.” He points to the album.
“ Fuck,” Dean echoes.
“ You’re thinking awful loudly.”
Castiel blocks it out, finishes unlocking the door and quickly steps inside to disarm the security system. Claire and Jack follow, then Dean. He steps around Castiel to set the pastry bag on the kitchen counter. The children scamper past, haphazardly shedding their coats and shoes in the corner before racing each other to their bedroom.  Castiel steers his attention back to the man opposite. “ Turn the system back on when I leave. Claire knows the code, but it’s also written on the back of the microwave and--”
Dean’s barely stepped into the hall when he feels a grab for his pajama leg. Looking down, he finds Jack jogging along beside him. “ Dat hep Din, tay?”
Dean inhales, a big breath in through his nose, and lets it out slowly. Then he pulls his phone from his pocket and sends a text to the number on the back of the card.
Something in Dean’s stomach twists uncomfortably. A jolt of adrenaline for no fucking reason, except this guy has got a pair of incredibly bright sky blue eyes and sometimes that causes his brain to kick up a bunch of old ass memories that have absolutely no relevance to his current situation. And since lots of people have blue eyes it’s no excuse for Dean’s professionalism to take a vacation. He forces the brain fart to dissipate, his vision finally expanding to take in more than just the cerulean orbs and Dean finds an equally pleasing arrangement of features; messy dark hair, tanned skin and laugh lines, chapped lips amidst an expanse of dark stubble. And no wedding band. So totally his type and also so unfuckingprofessional of him.
Charlie is leaning against a tall filing cabinet just inside the room, dejectedly banging her forehead against the upper drawer. Castiel gently pulls her away, turning her to face him. She lifts her begging puppy eyes to him and asks in a pleading voice, “ Was it really bad? Did I, like, totally blow it?”
Castiel pulls into his drive, parking under the carport. Dean is standing at the door, as Cain’s text had promised. Reading that text, knowing Dean would be there, had eased Castiel’s anxiety just enough to finish his own cup of hot chocolate, gone luke warm and previously ignored, as he waited for the signal to return home.
*macarena
Gabe is standing behind the closed tempered glass door, phone in hand. Goofy grin spread across his face.
There’s a scramble around the nurses’ station. Pamela reaches the whiteboard first, writing a bold ‘ #3’ in purple dry erase in the right hand corner at the top of a pre-marked grid, then checks the ‘Exam Room’ box underneath. Alex is next, sweeping out of exam room two and adding a green checkmark next to Pamela’s.
Cain has a rental agreement drawn up and Dean signs it, then and there.
Castiel does feel a twinge of guilt for not giving Dean his full attention. He accepts the beer, their fingers sliding together in the condensation before he has a good grip on the bottle, and swallows a hefty swig before answering. “ It’s ingrained now. ” Hypervigilance, his therapist calls it.  Except, Castiel doesn’t actually feel the thrumming tension that usually goes along with having the children outside their semi-fortress of a home. Maybe it’s just normal parental watchfulness right now. Either way, Dean seems okay with Castiel’s need to have Claire and Jack in sight even in their own backyard. He takes another swallow, gaze tracking the children as they lie down and slowly roll down the hill toward the trees, Jack laughing maniacally the whole way. “ I try not to let my fears confine them, but… It’s hard. After all that’s happened, protecting them is practically all I ever think about anymore.”
“ Are you doing grown-up stuff? Are you going to a bar to get drunk?”
Aaron finds her profile page and finds the photos from last year and swipes through a few months prior until he stutters and swipes backward to the previous photo. “ Shit.”
“ When are Aunt Meg and Miss Hannah going to get a dog? “
“ Good night, Meg.”
“ Nah. I’m good either way.” Dean waggles his eyebrows suggestively, like a cartoon wolf.
time.”
) Dean and Sam pile into Cain’s truck, leaving Jess to rest with her feet up, and head to the Kroger half an hour down the road. Dean doesn’t want to keep Jess waiting too long, so he calls in a pick up order at the Papa John’s in the same stripmall and shops for groceries while he waits. Just the staples and a few things to throw together for a few dinners. He’ll do a full shopping spree next week when he’s more settled.
It can’t be. No way. Dean looks back up at the older man, hand slowly lowering the mostly eaten cornbread into his bowl. He puts both hands around the candle, a mirror of Cain’s hands around his bowl. “ I thought that was just a dream.”
The silence hangs heavily for long moments.
Dean’s momentum sends him crashing into Cas, knocking the older man back a half step, but Dean whips both arms out and circles that strong lithe body, keeping Cas upright and in place for their mouths to meet. Enthusiastically. Maybe bordering on aggressive, but Dean can’t pull back. Not now when he can smell Cas’ aftershave and the scrape of stubble against his own is sending little electric shivers all along his body. Hairs standing on end. Their lips are parted and Dean licks inside, tasting Cain’s honey lip balm and sweeping along Cas’ tongue as it returns the gesture.
An hour later and most of the pizza is gone, Jess going slice for slice with Dean. She’s sprawled happily on the couch watching her husband and brother-in-law hookup Dean’s multiple entertainment electronics.
“ I remember Ellen making you clean it up.” Cain laughs quietly. He shifts in his chair, as though settling in, and gazes out the window at the bare branches blowing in the wind, shadows stark in the security lights. “ You were so determined, pulling that bottle of cheap trash from the trunk and downing half of it in three gulps. I couldn’t stop you. And we sat on the hood in the parking lot, long after closing, just staring up at the stars. It was very clear that night. “ He sighs softly, smile on his lips. “ I closed my eyes, just content in the moment.” The smile grows a bit more mischievous as he turns his eyes toward Dean. “ And suddenly you were leaning over me, kissing me to the very best of your inebriated ability.”
“ But,” Castiel catches the other man’s attention, intent on making this a beginning, not an ending. “ I’d love to talk about this more with you. Or just, talking, not necessarily about Meg’s dissertation on sexual identities in the 21st century.”  He’s afraid his tone is too desperate, the joke falling flat,  his expression too hopeful. But he wants this. Dear Lord, he wants this to happen. And that desire is currently at war with the growing panic at the children being alone in the house. “ If you’d like.”
because he’s a big drama queen. And really, apt nickname. He's been charged with a slew of felonies, along with the double homicide--”
Castiel smiles as Dean immediately pulls his phone out and excitedly scrolls through his camera roll, handing it over for Castiel to slowly swipe through the pictures. Jess and Sam look tired, but happy, as they eat over their overladen plates and pose together on Dean’s couch. Jess’ parents both smile brightly at the camera as they hold their first grandchild. There are a dozen photos of Alex; eyes closed, eyes open, scrunched face, yawning, etc. Two are of Dean holding the baby. In one, Dean is making silly faces, he and Alex both sticking their tongues out at each other. In the second, Dean has Alex at his shoulder, standing in front of the wide living room windows, eyes closed, mouth slightly parted. Castiel can practically hear the soft lullaby the man must have been singing. Would it be inappropriate to ask for a copy? Castiel decides it’s worth the risk. “ May I send some to my phone?”
She seems genuinely perplexed by his behavior and Castiel can’t blame her; he can’t understand himself at the moment. “ I haven’t,” Castiel readily agrees. He rubs his temples, fingertips digging into the tense muscle there. “ I don’t know why I feel so strongly about him when we’ve barely known each other a month.”
What really churns Dean’s butter though is the far side of the house; the split level that makes up his future apartment. The bottom level is a spacious two car garage ( though he quickly learns the garage door slides horizontally, effectively making it a very roomy one car garage and workshop). Built atop the garage is the house’s most distinguishing feature in Dean’s opinion; a rounded window wall, floor to ceiling glazing curving around to give amazing views of the surrounding woods, with a tilted saucer shaped roof perched on top.
Claire’s mouth turns down into a thoughtful pout. “ Well,” she begins in that tone that Castiel has come to learn means he’s about to be hit with a bit of inarguable child logic. “ You could get me the sword and shield for Christmas and get me the lab for my birthday.”
Castiel laughs and stands up from the couch, stretching to pop his back. He is getting better at styling Claire’s long hair into ever more complex patterns, but he had certainly overshot his skill level today, having watched the video tutorial only once before agreeing to try it for their little get-together with Dean.
There’s another flicker of guilt over his inability to text back in a timely manner, but Dean knocks it back and pulls Cas along the lawn toward Cas’ carport. “ Here, it’s easier to go ‘round back.”
Castiel shrugs. “ Honestly, they’ve heard worse. But thank you for trying.” He watches Jack tilt the cup to his mouth, his own hand doing most of the work on the bottom half of the tumbler.
Castiel kicks him under the table. Gabriel jumps slightly, but continues eating.
“ What do you think we’re looking at?”
Dean forgets the fireworks in his haste to join the other man who is now halfway across the front lawn above him. He barely remembers to aim his keyfob at the garage to close the automatic door, then Dean jogs up the hill, forcing his stride to lengthen to get him up the uneven terrain. The closer he gets the more his fears are confirmed; Cas’ expression is uncertain, hesitant. Dean feels the guilt bubbling up for leaving the man in radio silence after such an important confession. Instead of beating himself up over it, Dean is going to make it up to Cas by erasing any doubts he might have about Dean returning those flirty feelings. And so much more.
“ I mean, yeah, but it’s not call-me-in-the-middle-of-the-night odd.” There’s a soft rustle of papers, Meg maybe going through some of her files at her desk. “ So what’s this actually about? Is he like, offering himself up in gratitude? If he’s hot then I say take him up on it.”
Two hours later, both men stand to stretch, joints popping and low groans punctuating the quiet. Cas chuckles, tucking the baby monitor into his back pocket and walking Dean to the kitchen door. Security system disarmed, two deadbolts and door handle unlocked. Dean is still amazed at how quickly Cas is able to implement his lockdown routine. He steps down to the gravel drive and pauses, turning to look back up at Cas standing in the doorway.
“ Yes, they do.”
thought u weren’t dickin tonite? i mean, its ok if u r dickin
At 6:00pm, Dean is dressed in his second best dark jeans and red AC/DC t-shirt and humming cheerfully as he carefully pulls Baby out of the garage. Front windows rolled down, radio playing quietly until he can get out onto the main road. He has Baby in
She brings Black Abbey beer and complains about the Thighslappers in Castiel’s fridge.  Claire pulls Meg into a few rounds of Connect Four before dinner, while Jack is mesmerized by Meg’s hair all throughout dinner.  And every time Castiel meets his friend’s gaze, there is a sharp expectancy in her expression. Dean’s name is brought up solely by the children and Castiel feels a blush rise to his cheeks each time he’s forced by propriety to add his own two cents in, as it were. When the ice cream bowls are finally empty and Castiel can sense Meg’s plan to corner him in the kitchen over the sink of dirty dishes, he casually mentions the new Spongebob on the DVR and watches as the woman is dragged off to the den; a small child on each arm, a death glare aimed at Castiel.
“ Oh, sh-shit.” Dean gasps above him, a hand flying to bury itself in Castiel’s hair. “ Please, Cas,
Somehow Dean knows they don't need anything else right now. He returns the smile and turns on heel, shuffling along the damp grass, taking the short path around the back of the house to his own back door.
“ I’m good, thank you.” Castiel smiles up at the younger man. “ And,” he knows he’s blushing at the admission. “ I’d like to hold him a bit longer. He’s very comfortable.”
guys can’t get it,” She adjusts something on the side of her laptop and rubs affectionately along the top of the monitor. “ Okay, sweetheart, just let me in.”
Had to put the children to bed. It’s okay, Dean. I understood what you meant.
Then Claire jerks back and reaches into the kangaroo pocket of her borrowed hoodie. “ I almost forgot!” She pulls out a small plastic llama and leans over the couch arm again. Dean watches, fascinated, as Claire places the llama on Dean’s thigh, near Alex’s feet. “ Gra,” she exhales the single syllable with an intensity Dean’s only ever seen on the faces of ER nurses trying to find a usable vein. Alex kicks a bit, but is mostly just mesmerized by the long hair still fluttering nearby. Claire nods, seemingly satisfied, and nods again at Dean. “ You’re welcome.”
Holy shit, Dean is going to melt right into a puddle on the floor. A dopey eyed puddle of love struck goo. That will definitely stain his rug. The buzzer goes off again and Dean shakes himself back to the damp laundry that will go sour if he leaves it too long. “ Right back.” It comes out a bit rough and Dean clears his throat before turning on heel toward the long hallway that leads to his stacked washer and dryer tucked away at the end.
Alex makes some snuffling noises and looks up with his wide blue eyes, staring intently at Cas. Cas stares back with equal intensity, softened by the tiniest of smiles. “ You are very curious, aren’t you, Alex? Taking everything in. Like these strange people in your Uncle Dean’s house, yes.” He touches the very tip of his nose to the top of Alex’s fuzzy head.
“ You and Castiel were getting along pretty well.” Casual, yet oh so not. Sam only glances at Dean over his own pizza. “ Looks like you’ve got a new friend.” Brotherly teasing.
Sam and Jess both put their food down and give out gratitude and farewell hugs. Dean gets up from his seat, Alex still held securely- and suddenly very intent of Dean’s face- and gives the nurse a firm handshake. When he pulls back, Nurse Clif jerks a thumb at Dean’s clean shaven cheek. “ Shoulda left a little for the winter, dude.” He traces his own gray beard, chuckling.
“ Yes.”
And suddenly they’re back on the woman’s profile page but there’s a lot more visible. Including an album labeled
Dean squirms, head ducking in Castiel’s hold, embarrassed mumble. “ Not gonna stop bitching to ya ‘bout work. You know me.”
How dare he threaten Kelly’s son! Castiel’s son! Not Nicholas’, never his! And never will be if Castiel has anything to do with it.
Cas stills, one hand reaching up and rubbing under his right sleeve.
“ We missed you when we woke up but Uncle Gabe said you and Dean were having a sleepover.”
Cas jerks his hand back, face stricken, words spilling out rapidfire. “ Dean?
Castiel blinks. “ What am I going to do?”  Voice rough, barely a whisper scratching out of his dry throat. He knows the answer, but needs the verbal reminder to get his head on straight before facing the children.
There’s a chorus of positive replies from the back seat and Castiel heaves a sigh of relief. Puppy crisis averted.
Dean does not want to be up this early on his day off. Particularly on a Saturday. Particularly the Saturday morning following the first Friday of the month that is the clinic’s traditional karaoke night. It’s possible Dean had one too many Boilermakers with Pam. And maybe sang Queen’s Somebody to Love, if his memory is at all reliable. He’s fairly certain Alex will send him any cringe-worthy video.
“ Those, yeah.” Dean quirks a smile, takes a deep inhale, and sits up.
But, despite the clenched jaw and obviously sensitive gag reflex, Dean is still grinning. He steps closer to Jack, offering up his shirt for Jack to vomit directly into, and keeping the small boy from falling from the exam bench. “ Trashcan?” He tilts his head to the side, to the metal canister sitting by the door. Jack ejects another wave of bile.
The phone drops into Dean’s lap, another glance at his father as he forms a reply in his mind. Dean opens his mouth to say something, spit an insult, yell an ultimatum. Just fucking swear at fate itself. But John gives him
“ Garth speaks highly of everyone,” Castiel retorts.
haha, you’re funny ;P
Ruby chuckles softly as he sits, and leans even further back in her chair, perfectly secure and comfortable. “ It was the kid, huh? Mentioning Jack? To be fair, he really did make a cute chicken.”
“ Excessive. As usual.” Castiel replies in his usual deadpan. “ How was it here?”
Sorry for the delay! The holiday weekend had many ups and downs and posting was just not happening.
“ No,” Castiel mumbles through a sigh. He shifts forward onto his knees and presses his weight- carefully- onto the door until the opposite edge finally pops into place between the hinges on the cabinet. Exhaling loudly, Castiel flops back onto his butt and takes a swig of whiskey. He squints, eyeing the half finished playset. “ Are you sure this will fit in my car when it’s done?”
As much as Dean is enjoying this, he wants to do some exploring of his own. “ Your shirt. Please.”
Dean steps out of the Impala, turning to look over the roof as Meg and Castiel approach him. Dean’s expression is unreadable as it flicks between Castiel and Meg, then settles on carefully flirty. And on Meg. “ Didn’t mean to interrupt an end-of-date kiss.” He winks at the dark haired woman.
Meg’s tone is much more sympathetic. “ I know. Just promise me you won’t stew over it like you do. You’re not responsible for this guy, no what’s happened or how hot he is.”
Castiel nods to Dorothy and Benjamina ( who are both grinning madly) and ducks back into the workroom, shutting the door quietly behind him. Aaron has his headphones in, one of their many mandatory training videos playing on his computer, his actual attention focused on the phone in his hand where he’s scrolling through Instagram.
sleepy so he climbs over the lumpy blankets until Daddy snorts and Dean says a bad word and they help him get under the blankets between them. Jack wipes his itchy nose on Dean’s arm and rubs his itchy bottom on Daddy’s belly.
Dean slides his arms around Cas, under the blanket, and holds him tightly, fingers digging into the loose material of his sweatshirt.
“ You have no idea.” Castiel lets his head rest deeper in the pillow. Not too soft, not too firm. “ Even working at the research level people seem to think I just read all day. And yes, there is a lot of reading involved, but it’s essentially assigned reading and not for pleasure.  It’s even worse at the public library. Patrons are under the delusion that  I spend my entire shift perusing James Patterson instead of  working on programming, community outreach, filling in for the Children’s staff.. you know, things that actually keep the library running properly. It takes me a month to get through a novel of my own choosing.”
, all the while making googoo eyes at Benny behind the bar. They have it good, Benny and Andrea. Dean had caught up on their ups and downs within a week of moving to Hunters Hollow and appreciates how they’ve stuck with each other. True love, soul mate, and all that jazz.
“ Good night, Clarence. I’ll see ya next Friday.”
I tried to make a peach, like Gabriel suggested, but I don’t think it worked.
Another few moments and Castiel hears the telltale sound of Claire’s breathing evening out into sleep. He lingers, just a minute longer, enjoying the soothing motions and soft sounds. It helps smooth over his frayed nerves, from the nightmare fright and the thought of Dean leaving. Which is a bit excessive, when Castiel thinks about it. It wasn’t just about wanting to see more of those remarkable panties. It wasn’t just that he didn’t want to disappoint Dean, again, having their plans thwarted. Or even about not having a proper goodbye if Dean decided to leave.
Because he’s not letting go anytime soon.
“ Yes, Cassie, it will fit in your land yacht.” Gabriel sets his glass down and picks up the bag of shiny colored premade bows. He is not the world’s neatest gift wrapper, but more than makes up for it with copious amounts of ribbons and bows. He presses two red plaid ones on the top of the finished present in his lap, one on each end of the oblong shape, and sets it under the tree with the rest of Jack’s similarly wrapped gifts. Claire’s are on the other side of the tree, in complementary red and silver star paper. The adults’ are nearly lost in the middle. “ I actually measured the trunk when you were here Thanksgiving weekend.”
“ He is. I like him.” Sam nods his head, chewing slowly. “ You should invite him to the next clinic karaoke.”
“ You okay? Need a hug?” Garth is already around the reference desk, arms spread wide.
The grin on his face causes Dean’s own smile to stretch wider and it stays in place as he and the kids are called in to load up their plates.
“ Yeah, I’ll be back by then.” Dean grabs his keys from the basket near the back kitchen door and waves over his shoulder before stepping out into the heat.
Castiel sighs, looking down at Claire’s expectant face.
Then Jack decides he needs a dance partner as well. “ Danssss, Daddy! Dansss wih Dat! Pease!”
But then Dean, holding his unblinking gaze, licks those sinfully beautiful lips and grumbles, “ Show off.”
” I hate dreaming ‘bout the bad man.”’
“ What would you like to do, Castiel?”  Cain speaks quietly, his hand dropping from Castiel’s arm, though the sense of support lingers in his mind.
, much to everyone’s delight.
Castiel drives straight ahead.
“ Together,” Dean agrees, his hand coming to rest on Castiel’s back between his shoulder blades. Holding him close.
“ Think about it,” Jess pulls a sympathetic face. “ In the space of a day, one of your best friends and her sister are murdered, you're nearly killed by the same guy, and suddenly you're a full time dad to two little kids. And he's
“ Glad we’re agreed there.” Charlie smirks, then it falls back into seriousness. “ But still, she’s not one of our regular regulars and she has been here, on a computer or device, each time you’ve received the emails. I can input time stamps from all the emails and either narrow it down to her face or at least filter out employees. Unless you think it’s someone here?”
“ Cool. C’mon, Jack.” Claire stands and reaches for her brother, hauling him up, still laughing, and dragging him toward the couch. “ Dean needs a moment to sort himself out.”
Dean catches and returns it with equal vigor. And those watery green eyes turn to Castiel for a split second before Dean hastily clears his throat and stands up, face carefully averted.“ Be right back.”
“ Why not?” Sam and Dean ask in unison; one confused, the other mildly offended.
“ Just accept the damn gratitude, babe.” Jess smacks Sam on the arm, hard. Then turns to Cas. “  The card Claire made him is still in his office with his other kid gifts. He loves it.”
Frank is hiding in his corner with his laptop and science journals, muttering about Romans and processing plants. In the opposite corner where the floor to ceiling windows allow for maximum reading light, Marv is settled into an upholstered easy chair with a stack of global fairytales. Alicia and Max are clearing away their study items from a large table near Marv’s reading corner, the college students ready for a lunch break and possibly an afternoon at their mother’s new age shop in the downtown Hunters Hollow. Chuck has temporarily abandoned his usual post, a cluttered single person desk directly across from the adult desk against the far window wall, and is wandering the non-fiction aisles.
“ Lord, give me patience.” Cain rolls his eyes so hard, Dean can see the whites clear as day. Dropping his spoon into his bowl with a loud clank, Cain settles both elbows on the table and stares Dean down. “ I’m talking about you, Dean. You and Castiel.”
Cain gives a small satisfied nod, obviously happy with Dean’s thoughtfulness. “ I’ll speak with them about it, but I believe my word will be enough to vouch for your character.” He taps the sides of his cup in thought. “ In fact, they might appreciate another neighbor close by. My cabin is out of sight and hearing from the main house, so you’d be the closest in case of any emergencies.”
“ Claire’s good, but Jack’s already nodding off.” Dean speaks quietly, stepping closer into Castiel’s space, but still a modest distance away. Too far away, as far as Castiel is concerned.
“ Of course, yeah!” Dean is hanging his damp coat on the hooks by the door. He grins so brightly, slapping Cas on the back. “ You’re family, man.”
“ Knock, knock! Everyone decent?” Dean taps the bottom of the closed door with his foot, his hands and arms fully occupied.
“ Don’t make yourself uncomfortable on my account, Dean.” Cas is quick to bring his gaze up to meet Dean’s, earnest expression across his still pink face. “ I wasn’t much of a pajamas in bed person until I had to start getting up in the night to check on Jack. It was just easier to sleep dressed instead of struggling to find my clothes each time I had to get up.”
It’s Saturday morning and he’s already had to deal with a reporter loitering around the library staff door before opening hours, and two phone calls from tabloids once the library opened to the public. He supposes it could be worse, has been worse in those first few months after it happened, but he still hates the little reminders that his life is not what it should be, not what it was before… And he won’t think about it now, because he has two beautiful children depending on him, needing him as father and mother and protector and by God he’s going to see this through.
And now it feels so fucking right to lean in for a goodnight kiss, standing here under the glaring security lights. Maybe not one hundred percent romantic, but he’s feeling it all the way. And if the way Cas is sweeping a tongue across his lower lip is any indication, then so is he.
“ Yes, please!” Claire whoops. “ Jack? You want marshmallows?”
Dean is mortified. “ Dude, sit on the couch!”
“ No hand sanitizer. ” Cas breathes in deeply, then exhales as he nudges deeper. “ Just
“ So I… ” Dean stumbles, then sets his jaw, holding Cas’ curious gaze. “ I’m wearing panties.”
“ On what grounds?” Ruby laughs outright. She gives Castiel a smug look. “ We both know you don’t want to out your little geek friend back there. And you need something more substantial than he said/she said to even suspend my library privileges, much less any legal action. Again, unless you want the authorities to know about Red’s extracurricular activities?”
I want more in this moment than to lay you out on my bed and touch every beautiful inch of you until you completely fall apart under me.”
Dean shrugs and helps get the uncooperative toddler into his sleeves. “ He was just getting me back for stabbing you with a popsicle. I think we’re even now.”
They’re almost home, the slight dip in the treeline glowing with security lights visible down the road. But there’s something else there, as well. Castiel slows down, giving the small car plenty of time to pull out of the driveway and get back onto the road. There’s nothing suspicious about the newish black four door. They’re a dime a dozen on the roads. Nothing unusual about it coming out of Cain’s driveway. Lots of people, lost on the remote road, use the head of the drive to turn around and head back to the interstate.
That eases up the tension holding Dean’s body in its rigid position hunched in his seat on the couch. Cas and the kids are safe, for the moment.  He finds the TV remote and pauses the episode of
Now, Castiel feels safe.
Aaron heads toward the back and Castiel takes his seat, ready for an hour of well deserved quiet time until Aaron relieves him for his own lunch break. He opens Outlook and pulls up his work email, sorting through the interoffice group emails that get sent
“ Cas?” Dean whispers, voice already hoarse from restraint.
Then his phone vibrates as he’s sliding into the driver’s seat, Claire and Jack properly strapped into their respective childseats in the back, and Castiel can’t help but laugh at the appearance of the ambulance emoji followed by a thumbs up emoji.
“ The man is a psycho, Cain. Why can’t the courts see that?” Dean spits out, spinning around and stomping back to the truck. He’s frustrated and so fucking scared of what could happen to the kids and Cas if Nicholas Fucking Alder isn’t put permanently behind bars. Or better yet, executed.
Dean barely feels the congratulatory slap on the back as he makes his way around the other party goers- some noticing his flight and Sam quickly stepping in to explain- and heads to the door where his coat and boots are waiting.
As swiftly as the cold washes over him, a wave of heated rage replaces it.
And now everyone is staring at him like he’s grown a second head and Cain is nudging him gently forward to get between him and the trailer. “ Eloquent, he is not. But always sincere.” He tosses a gentle wink to Dean to soften his teasing and graciously accepts the jug from Castiel, freeing up his hands. “I take it we’ve all met previously. “ His dry response gets a nervous giggle from Dean.
Another head shake. “ Not right now, no.” Cas pulls back just enough to look up at Dean through his lashes, his fingers twitch nervously on Dean’s back, now warm from prolonged contact with Dean’s overheated body. “ Right now, I don’t want to think about anything but you.”
Cas blinks. Twice. “ You’re wearing panties.”  His tone is flat. Neutral. Unreadable.
But there’s also a surge of absolute hilarity at the entire situation.
“ You’re, you’re, uhm, welcome.” Dean is fucking blushing. He scrubs a hand through the short hair at the back of his neck and turns away to hide his flushed face, certain not even the short beard can hide it. Not that it matters much, since he can feel his ears burning bright red and there’s no covering those. “ So, uh, good news. Jack does not have the flu.”
Dean turns a questioning look to Cas, who one-shoulder-shrugs in the opposite direction of his lopsided smile. “ Rowena made protective talismans on Halloween. Claire asked to give one to the baby.”
Dean has his best thinking face on, a mischievous glint in his eyes.“ Hm, I like all flowers, so I don’t have a favorite. But I do like surprises, so I’ll like anything your dad brings me.”
The clean pull-ups are up too high…
Which Dean knows means his younger brother is about ask him something he knows Dean is going to hate with a passion and most likely adamantly refuse. “ Well, if Bobby has you calling me, then whatever it is is probably not a good idea.” This argument always worked on Sammy back in the good old days. Nearly all the way through the boy’s high school years. Dean is very aware of his father’s cold silence on the other side of the car.
He holds onto the big potty and steps off his stool. He very carefully puts the seat down. It doesn’t pinch his fingers. That means he did a good job!
Sam is not great, but Jess is even worse and it makes for amazing entertainment. A few others go and Dean is in the middle of a conversation about restoring old Harleys when Benny calls Pamela’s number from the stage. She performs an on point rendition of
Dean wakes up in the early morning because…
“ Unga Gay gud foo,” Jack solemnly agrees with his sister. “ Ah da foo.”
Dean smiles and lets his mind sink back into a warm, worry-free slumber.
“ Dean, we gotta go now!” Sam tosses over his shoulder as the staff door swings shut. He is apparently incapable of calm at the moment.
“ No.”
pictures!”
Castiel barks a laugh and snags one more cookie just to be contrary.
Castiel pauses, listening to a breathy mewl from Alex, before answering his daughter. “ I think so, too. Maybe one day he will be, but he’ll have lots of practice with Alex until then.”
So I tried very hard to write Dean's version of their September Sunday dinner and it just wasn't working, so I jumped ahead to October because I like October better anyway. :)
“ Son. Of. A. Bitch.” Dean hangs his head, covering his flushed face with both hands. He’s now very glad that that entire night is barely more than a hazy memory and wishes he hadn’t discovered these new embarrassing facets. There’s a large hand squeezing his wrist and Dean lifts his head, letting his hands fall back to the table in defeat. He can still feel the heat in his face. “ No wonder you dumped my whiney ass.”
Dean moves into his new place. Cas gains a new neighbor.
And for the next hour they talk about Cain’s bees and his business and his recent travels. They talk about Dean’s patients and Baby and getting ready for the little Winchester coming soon. And everything feels normal again.
He slips his own hand into Cas’ wild hair, tugging carefully, thumb rubbing deliberate circles in the dip of a temple. Dean moans when Cas drops a hand to his chest.  The henley and undershirt not quite enough to dull the light digging of fingertips across his ribs. And then Dean is being squeezed tightly and everything is in motion and suddenly Dean is straddling Cas’ lap on the couch, his hands gripping the man’s shoulders to steady himself.
by Mazzy Star
“ I know,” Castiel slumps back toward the living room. He’s honestly in too good a mood to deny his brother’s inferences. Hasn’t wanted to deny his own feelings on the matter for a while now. Especially after the evil dragon fiasco. Especially since Castiel found his practically-adopted son curled up on top of his could-be boyfriend. Still… “ But
But it doesn’t mean they shouldn’t try.
Can’t argue with that. Dean waves a hand at his brother, blowing off the gratitude. “ I’m only doing it because of Jess and my niece-or-nephew-to-be. You still owe me a solid.”
Castiel huffs a laugh and pushes Dean’s shoulder to get him going toward the den where the children are waiting. “ I suppose you can have one, too. And breakfast in the morning.”
They wait quietly for a full two minutes until all the windows disappear behind a Matches Found pop up. “ Easy breezey, lemon squeezey.” Charlie mumbles happily as she expands the newest window. “ Obviously some of these will be employees, 'cause duh. And probably a few of our regulars. Pretty sure Frank is here more than any of us.”
Dean groans, turning his face into Castiel’s shoulder. “ They can wait a bit.” He pulls Castiel closer, snuggling tightly against his chest. “ Still sl
Dean laughs easily, sweeping a hand down his front to smooth down the black and rainbow printed fabric. “ Yeah, my brother gave them to me as a gag gift when I finished my degree. But joke’s on him, ‘cause unicorns are awesome and I wear ‘em at least a couple times a month.” The blush is back on his face, but he doesn’t seem uncomfortable this time.
But for now, Castiel won’t push those possibly triggering buttons. Because Dean is taking the situation into his own hands, fingers blindly groping for the button at the front of Castiel’s jeans. “ Lose the pants?”
Castiel had forgotten the sorry state of last night’s socks and feels strangely shy at the thought of wearing a pair of Dean’s. That feeling is magnified tenfold when Dean shifts on his knees and lifts Castiel’s right foot onto his thigh. Dean uses both hands to lightly massage over ankle and heel and instep and arch and, finally,  a gentle wiggling of toes before he slips the socks onto Castiel’s feet, one by one. Those warm green eyes peek up from under thick lashes, that light flush darkens under the freckles. Castiel honestly cannot remember the last person who made him feel so cared for.
Dean drops the shirt onto the bed as he crosses the room to retrieve his phone and check the messages. A text from Sam, asking if he made it home and how it went. Dean replies with a brief assurance of his safety and that things are fine. Once sent, the bright red icon on his messenger mocks him with a high number of unread texts. Swallowing down a twinge of anxiety, Dean opens the conversation thread with Cas and scans the messages he missed.
Dean and Meg quip in unison, “ That’s what
Once bedtime has come and gone, Castiel drops heavily onto the couch and mutes the television, leaving the nature documentary playing silently. Jack had gone down easily enough, tired out from the day’s excitement. Even Claire hadn’t begged for another story or attempted to engage him in an interesting tangent. It’s been an exhausting day for everyone involved.
Dean flops onto his back, releasing a resigned huff of air. “ Yeah, yeah, just… give me, like, half an hour.”
Sam shakes his head, frowning at his brother across from him. “ Dude, it was all over the news last summer. It’s still making news. My ex-coworkers are working it and I
Dean has Friday off and takes his time that morning removing his pregnancy beard. Part of him is sad to see it go, but he can’t deny the happy sensations when the cool November air hits his naked cheeks. Afterward, he gets things ready at Sam and Jess’ place, before heading to the hospital at the appointed time. Jess texts him to let him know that her mom has run to the airport to pick up her stepdad, Jim, (unhappily out of the country during the birth and just now able to get stateside) and will meet them back at the Winchester-Moore homestead. Dean makes adjustments to his errands, then arrives at the hospital bearing gifts; an enormous basket of snacks and some of Cain’s products that he drops off at the nurses’ station, donuts and overly sweetened coffee from Dunkin Donuts for the new parents, and a special baby blanket for Alex to come home in.
At that exact moment, Cas drops a hand to cup the thick length outlined under Dean’s jeans, and squeezes firmly.  “Fuck.” Dean lurches back on Cas’ lap, face twisted in frustration, a hefty dose of self-directed irritation. He hopes the edge of fear is thoroughly hidden by his scowl.
Growing up, Dean had always tried to make Halloween as fun as possible for Sammy. Most motels would have a bowl of cheap candy at the check-in desk and Dean was very creative with motel room supplies and bedding to make costumes for his little brother. Once they’d moved to Bobby’s, Dean would escort Sam and Jo (Bobby’s “lady friend’s” daughter) around the neighborhood or take them to the trunk-or-treat at the local church. Then Sam and Jo were old enough to be going to parties and Dean took the opportunity to accept his own invites or just relax at the house with his uncle and new aunt, Ellen.
Again, there’s the tingling at the back of his skull that is just aching to place this man’s face with a concrete memory.
He’s not in his home.
Sam continues the moment the nurse is around the corner and he’s holding the front door open for Jess. “ I can do it. I’ve been practicing, you know.”
Claire giggles and covers her mouth, though he can understand her clearly when she speaks. “ I used to say a very very bad word.”
And now there’s nothing left to do but approach the table and sit opposite the ex-love of his life.
“ Okay, yeah. I just wanted to nail him with something. I hate that creep.” Charlie gives a full body shudder. “ Anyway, I’ll run all the timestamps, narrow it down to her image. See if it matches.”
Dean stares at the open palm, blinks up at Castiel, then ducks his head the slightest bit. The younger man executes an exaggerated eye roll with his whole body, then takes the offered hand with a huff. Castiel can still remember how this hand felt cupping his stubbled jaw, fingers in his hairline above his ear. Now those strong fingers curve around his palm as Dean steps into his space. He puts Castiel’s other hand at his waist, and puts his own hand on Castiel’s shoulder. Several inches of space separate their bodies. Proper waltzing posture, except they don’t actually waltz. Instead, they sway back and forth in time to the melody and occasionally Castiel steers them in a half turn. Very much like those awkward middle school dances.
Thoroughly forgiven, Jack twists around to pull on the tail of his sweater, wrenching it free of the loose knot. “Dinser, rawwwr!” He spreads it out on his lap and names each part of the yarn dinosaur as he points. Claire corrects him occasionally, but mostly she seems focused on the Great British Bake-Off episode on the television.
Cas obliterates any insecurities with a simple, “ Mmmm, you always smell so good.”
They both turn their faces to look up. But refuse to pull away from each other.
“ Not really.” Castiel frowns at the screen. “ She was coming in as we were leaving Halloween night and spoke to us. I think I’ve seen her here before, at the computer bank.”
Castiel is ashamed of his actions, but also rather proud at being able to thoroughly frustrate Meg’s attempts at discussing the Dean Situation.  Although, Meg, in retaliation, does her best to bring Dean up with the children who are more than happy to be pumped for information. So, while Castiel manages to avoid his particular problem, he
I forgot! Things have been a bit crazy, I literally reminded myself yesterday and haven't given it a second thought til literally two minutes ago! So I think I'm gonna change my postings to every other Sunday from now. We'll see if I remember that ;)  Thank you!!!
“ The more the merrier, right?”
Claire nods in satisfaction at the exchange and glances between the two men. “ Do you have grown up things to talk about?” Obviously angling to join in.
tired, but in a more introvert-needs-his-quiet kinda way than physical fatigue. In fact that’s exactly it, though he’s never really considered himself an introvert, but he definitely just doesn’t have the energy required for socializing right now. Even with his family.
He sighs and pushes between them, breaking it up. “ You two are incorrigible.” There’s no way Meg can see a blush on his face, even in the security lights. But, dammit, she knows him so well.
This is fun. So much fun. Not that he doesn’t play with the children as often as he’s able, but there’s something very lighthearted about this all. It’s warm and carefree and the weight he carries around on his shoulders each and every day lightens considerably.
“ Have you told him, yet?” Meg dives right in.
All of the above. And it’s sparkling pear cider. How’s your evening so far? Other than the ongoing saga of the Unwanted Party Hat.
There is a large plastic bag hanging from one of the steel spikes on top of the gate.
“ Yes, but…”
Castiel looks Dean dead in the eye, expression flat. “ I enjoy safe sex.”
Then the whole world explodes.
It takes a few minutes because Claire doesn’t like precise measurements and there’s quite a bit of tasting and pouring half the jug into an empty pitcher to dilute later while Castiel adds water to the jug to get a strawberry lemonade that won’t curdle their victims’ tongues.  He grabs a clean stack of tumblers, taking eight because he has no clue how many people are helping with the move in, and tucks them under his arm. Castiel has Jack by the hand with the jug in the other and Claire is already reaching for the alarm pad when he realizes she’s in frazzled two-day-old Queen of Dragon braids (according to the youtube tutorial). Jack has bits of breakfast still on his shirt. Castiel hasn’t shaved in nearly three days. And they’re all still in their pajamas. At ten o’clock in the morning.
Dean waves a dismissive hand. “ Naw, man. He’s got about another hour.” He pauses next to Castiel, setting Jack onto the couch beside him, and holds out his open hands. Expression questioning. “ You good or do you wanna hand him off?”
“ You were funny looking,” Claire says in a decisive tone, breaking Dean from his nostalgic reverie.
“ No, thank you.” Castiel pats her shoulder, softening his features for her benefit. “ But feel free to keep watching in case she decides to drag me off to her lair.”
Dean releases Jack and closes the washer door. He hands his wadded up bundle of retrieved clothes to Jack, lifts him up, and lets him finish loading the dryer. “ All done!” he says with Jack as the last item drops on top of the pile inside. “ Good job!” Dean eases Jack onto his shoulder, securing his hold before closing the dryer and choosing his settings. Jack is content to pat Dean’s back and babble-sing the latest Top 40 earworm. Dean finds himself humming, despite his best intentions, and bounces Jack a little for the audial torture. Jack just laughs and sings louder. Dean sighs and heads back to the living room, quietly singing along.
Both children respond with excited whoops and race toward the door. Jack turns at the last second to toddle back to Dean and shove a paper bag against the man’s leg, letting go the second Dean’s fingers touch the handle, and running back to Claire’s side.
“ Thanks, man, really.” Dean shifts slightly onto his left hip, giving Claire more room on that side. Her long hair is hanging free, right within Alex’s reach, but he seems content to just watch the wavy blonde locks instead of snatching them up like he does with Jess. And just as often, Sam.
The doubts melt away before Castiel’s eyes, leaving Dean’s smile carefree, just how Castiel likes. It’s so captivating, in fact, that he can’t resist the urge to lean in and kiss it. A brief little peck that turns into three and then Dean licks his lower lip and Castiel chases his tongue with his own and it’s much like last night except his feet aren’t freezing and Dean tastes like waffles and coffee.
Thanks so much for everyone who reads, kudos and comments! Y'all are awesome!!! <3
Mama. Their mothers. He’s seen a few framed photos around the house of the two women; sometimes together, always with one or both of the kids. Claire seems excited to show them off, proud even. Dean’s grin instantly softens into a gentle smile, his gaze as sincere as possible when he looks back at Claire. “ I’d be honored to see your special pictures,” he tells her without a hint of teasing.
Less than ten minutes pass before Dean is knocking on the cabin door then sticks his hands back into his pockets to protect them from the cold wind. The handles of the tote bag hang off his wrist. He’s barely waiting three seconds before the door swings open and Cain is stepping back to allow Dean entry. Inside smells of woodsmoke, spicy stew, and something sweet simmering on the stovetop. Homey comfort. Dean sets the tote on a nearby chair as he strips off his gloves and shoves them into his pocket before unzipping his coat and hanging it on one of the pegs near the door.
“ Little angels,” Gabriel replies over his shoulder, still standing at the sink. “ Only dragged me out of bed at six am.” He sounds only mildly accusing.
So, Castiel swallows down a chuckle, keeps his body language open and nonjudgmental, and resists the urge to fall into excited lecture mode.  “ Yes, there is such a term as hyperromantic. In fact--” A staticky cough erupts from the walkie talkie in Castiel’s back pocket. Castiel jerks, instantly berating himself for leaving the children alone for so long. He’d honestly forgotten, for a few moments. Totally unacceptable. “ I’m so sorry, Dean, I have to check on Claire and Jack.”
A face splitting yawn interrupts Dean’s mental flailing.
“ Most definitely.”
That doesn’t mean it’ll work.
Meg laughs. “ Alright, old man. It’s time for me to meet Hannah at the club, anyway. I’ll let you get your tired old bones to bed.”
“ You think you’re cute, but I remember that movie.”
All the thanks to everyone who reads, kudos, and comments <3
Castiel can’t answer that. At least, not truthfully. He looks away and chews on his tongue.
It’s midnight and everyone is losing their collective shit around Dean, albeit, in moderated voices since Alex is asleep down the hall.
Domestic bliss.
Dean bucks up, involuntarily, at the light touch to his cock. Just a single point of pressure slowly massaging small circles over the raised line of silky material. “ I like pink, but-oh god, right there!- I, uh, I have other colors, too.”
Nicholas Adler’s voice is playful and laughing, incongruous with the terror crawling down Dean’s spine. He honestly wants to vomit. No, he wants to throw this thing on a pyre in front of Nicholas Adler’s fancy apartment building and watch it burn to ash. His thoughts must be painfully obvious on his face because Cain is taking the toy and dropping it back into its box. “ Evidence. If Castiel decides to notify the police.”
A tiny movement of Dean’s hips and their lengths brush together and Dean is back to trembling. Hot satiny flesh sliding smoothly between them, damp heads bumping into bellies as they both rock and thrust tentatively, testing the limits of their positions. Dean takes a deep breath, curves a hand over the couch back, locks his elbow, and wraps his opposite hand around Cas’ solid length. He has to take another deep inhale at the touch; velvety skin and stiff flesh against his palm, hot and heavy in his grasp. Musk and Irish Spring filling his nostrils. Dean breathes it in and bumps his forehead against Cas’ temple.
he comforts himself and lets Claire hop onto the counter to unlock the deadbolts, then hop down to unlock the knob. She’s down the steps and around the car before Castiel can get himself and Jack out of the house and close the door behind them.
And now it’s Thursday. Dean is legally forty years old and weirdly okay with it.
He pulls the four pints of blackberries from his duffel and he’s faced once again with the bag from Cain’s table shoved into the very corner of the bag.Hidden. Out of sight, but not much out of mind. A glance around confirms he’s alone in the kitchen and Dean eases the bag from the duffel and opens it. He pulls out two jars of clover honey, a jar of cinnamon honey, and a packet of honeycomb candy that he remembers picking up. There’s also a small tin of honey lip balm that he vaguely remembers tossing onto his pile . But there’s another item in the bag as well; one he has no memory of selecting though he remembers looking over the collection of small mismatched glass jars arranged artfully on the table.
We decided on cider for all in order to avoid any possible cup mix-ups. There might be a celebratory whiskey apiece once Claire is asleep. Jack is already snoring on the couch.
Castiel reads the stats accompanying the new little human; time, weight, length. Then the name. And now Cas better understands the evidence of copious amounts of tears left on Dean’s expressive face.
Oh, yes. He’s in Dean’s bed. With Dean. Who promised
“ No! No, not at all!” Dean vehemently denies the very thought.
Because that first Saturday night Dean had already agreed to watch Alex, and now Bones the puppy, while Sam takes Jess for a romantic weekend getaway. The next Saturday, Dean has a sinus infection and is laid up in his own bed, drugged to the gills. The next Saturday Jack has a stomach bug and Dean keeps Claire at his place, hoping to spare her the same suffering and ease Cas’ workload.
Castiel manages to keep his hold on him as he shifts them both mostly upright; Castiel finally sitting up, with the young man held tightly to his chest, bloody cheek pressed against his shoulder. “ I’ve got you. I’ve got you.” Castiel doesn’t want to look, but his eyes are drawn to the inferno blazing skyward. His captive is mumbling incoherently, reaching out and struggling weakly in Castiel’s hold. He just catches a shattered whisper of ,” ‘m... in hell?” before he loses his own emotional control. Castiel squeezes him much too tightly and curves a shaky hand over the young man’s eyes to hide the horrific scene. And then he rocks them both, hoarse voice repeating, “ I’ve got you. I’ve got you,” in the most calming manner he can muster under the circumstances.
Before the name leaves his mouth, Dean is already stirring at the light touch to his fingers, which he curls around Castiel’s hand before blinking against the light. “ All good?”
man.” Dean covers his eyes with both hands, scrubbing through his hair and back down over his beard until he lets them flop to his sides on the couch. No point moping in a semi dark room when he can mope while he gets his laundry and dishes done before bedtime. Maybe even watch an episode of
“ Dean? I-aghmmhm!”
It’s very peaceful. Warm and sweet. Addictive, really. In this moment, there is literally nothing else Castiel wants more than to have this feeling every day for the rest of his life.
, opening his door to let Claire hop out. Jack sees this alternative route and lunges for it before Cas can grab hold of him. Dean is tempted to make a Wooderson joke, but he figures his audience is a bit young for the reference and instead boops Jack’s nose as he holds onto him until Cas exits the passenger door and circles the car to claim them.
Dean actually blinks and does a tiny head jerk, the question smacking squarely against his defensive mental walls. He’d expected another long suffering rant about how much Sam owed John and how John had given everything for them and how ungrateful the youngest Winchester is, etc. etc. etc. But there’s a hint of hesitant hope in his father’s tone that Dean hasn’t heard since he’d asked whether or not he was invited to Sam’s high school graduation. The tension in his jaw loosens enough for Dean to swallow as he debates his answer. “ Yeah, he’s coming.” He thinks about mentioning Jess, wondering if her presence might curb John’s addiction for the weekend. “ He’s brin--”
“ Angels.” Claire corrects patiently. She reaches over and opens the book, letting the wide cover flop into her own lap. “ That’s Mom and Aunt Kelly when they were little. Mom was my age and Aunt Kelly was Jack’s age.” She’s quieter now, though no less enthusiastic as she tells Dean about each picture.
Many thanks to everyone who reads, kudos, and comments!!
It’s frightening how quickly Dean has come to associate these combined scents with peace and happiness and
“ Sorry to interrupt, but some computer assistance would be much appreciated.” Castiel keeps up his usual lowkey smile.
With that in mind, Castiel  moves forward in carefully measured steps, pressing Dean back until the man’s calves hit the side of the bed.  Dean drops immediately, sitting on the edge of the mattress, looking up at Castiel with those gorgeous lust laden eyes.
The Book of Tears mentioned is Robert Munsch's , Love You Forever. You can google the story behind it.
Aaron swallows audibly next to Castiel. “ You know, she scared me before. But now I’m pretty sure she knows where to bury a body. I’m certain she has buried bodies.”
“ Huh,” Dean huffs lightly, staring at the nostalgic cover. He remembers his mother and sometimes his father reading this very title to him, before and after Sammy was born. It was pure luck that a few of their books and toys had been kept in the Impala when the fire destroyed their home. Dean had wanted to cry just as hard as Sammy when they realized they’d accidentally left their beloved books in a cheap roadside motel two states away. He strokes his fingers over the cover.
“ Din!” Jack stage whispers as his sister shushes him just as loudly before they’re even in the living room.
under Joshua’s adoring gaze and earns a standing ovation as she and her husband wave their goodbyes and head home. Jess’ number is called next and she drags Sam with her to sing
But he doesn’t feel safe.
“I can pull up her phone records, if the number we have in her account is actually the one she’s using.” Charlie already has her fingers touching keys when the windows from before maximize and the match is made. Each pair of timestamps appears in a list, email and security footage. Ruby G. Cortese was indeed on the property, using the library’s wifi, each time a threatening email was sent.
That night, Dean does stay over. But he and Cas are, again, both so wrung out by their chaotic lives they simply curl up together after a few kisses and quickly fall asleep.
Dean sighs, and gingerly rolls over onto his back, hands still cupped over his crotch. He stares up at Castiel, eyes watery, cheeks flushed, and swallows before answering, “ Nah, I think I’m good. Just grazed ‘em.”
There’s another cold beer waiting for him when he gets back to the table and Dean gratefully decimates it. Then Jess is pushing her second ice water towards him and he happily swallows half down in a few parched gulps.
“ It’s alright, Charlie. This is a good start.” Castiel assures her.
Castiel has just gotten a wonderful mouthful of waffle and blackberry syrup when Claire finishes her thesis on whipped cream versus ice cream and sets her tenacious little hooks in Dean. “ Dad’s eating now so you can tell us what you were talking about last night.”
He’s a few steps behind Jess and with the crowd and her crazy high bun perched on top of her head, it’s hard for Dean to see too far ahead of them. And he’s pretty distracted by the booth of vintage vinyl on the other side of the path. He stops when Jess stops and attempts to crane his neck around to see what’s caught her attention. She’s at the very edge of a table covered in a quilt- handmade as far as Dean can tell- and covered in various containers ranging in size and shape, but all bearing the same logo of a tiny bee perched atop a fancified letter ‘C’. Upon closer inspection, as Jess moves through the crowd around the table, Dean can see the individual products. Soaps and lotions and candles. Tins of honeycomb and hard candy. And row upon row of stacked jars of golden honey.
He hops the last two steps and lands with a crunch of gravel. Jess is standing near the cab of the truck, wide eyed surprise and laughter, a small girl with long Daenerys style braids wrapped around her legs.
Both clean and dry, Dean chooses a threadbare AC/DC t-shirt and red flannel pajama pants, thick socks to keep his feet warm on the hardwood floors. For Alex, he picks out a onesie with Harry Potter icons across a green background from his stash in a bottom dresser drawer.
Shit. He owes Cas so many hugs and kisses to make up for the hour long limbo.
“ You’d feel better if I was here, though, right?”  Dean is staring right back at him, daring him to argue.
Absently, Castiel pushes a hand under his opposite sleeve, fingers tracing the faint scars climbing up his arm. He’s afraid his sleep will be anything but peaceful tonight.
Dean laughs. “ You two are lucky your Daddy’s so nice. Bobby told us if we so much as sneezed aloud before nine o’clock Christmas morning he’d feed our presents to the Bigfoot in his barn.”
“ No charm.” Alex nails him with a hard look and a pointed finger nearly touching his nose. “ Just be nice. He’s like New Dad times a thousand, so treat with care.”
“ No. In fact he was pretty adamant that he wanted it, he just… couldn’t.” Dean shrugs and pokes at the food in his bowl. “ And I understand. I’m not a complete dick. He’s got more important things to deal with instead of wasting time with me.”
“ Said Dean was gonna ask if he could kiss you and you were gonna ask if you could kiss Dean and then you were both gonna “
The calls are coming from inside the house...
Then the screen fills with the security camera grid, each square touting a timestamp two minutes prior to his receipt of today’s email. “ Okay, so I’ve done some not so legal MacGyvering to our security system. Namely, I added facial recognition software, of my own design.” Charlie taps a few more buttons as she explains. “ Then input the timestamps on some of those emails. So the program is looking for anyone within sight of the cameras who was here each time you received an email. We can always expand the number of emails, but I think we have enough to go on. Unless,” she bites her lip, head tilted to the side to glance at him uneasily. “ It’s multiple people sending them, which I should have thought of beforehand.”
Dean shakes his head, eyes finally opening. Castiel can see unshed tears from the doorway. “ Nope. Just need a minute. Thanks, though.”
Another heavy sigh, this one more exasperated. “ Yes, he’s very attractive. And funny and kind and apparently an excellent chef though I haven’t experienced it firsthand and none of that has anything to do with my current predicament, whatsoever.”
And Dean doesn’t seem inclined to release him. The hand in Castiel’s hair slips down to curve around his neck, rubbing gently as they stand cheek to cheek. “ Cas, what can I do for you tonight?” Dean whispers, mouth still so close to Castiel’s ear. “ What do you need?”
The well loved CD begins skipping and Castiel reaches to eject it when the flash of lights up ahead catches hi attention. It’s not steady flashing, like emergency vehicles or road hazard warnings. It’s almost flickering, with huge swathes of steady high beam level of white light cutting across the landscape.
Then Castiel is nudging Dean back, forcing the younger man to clumsily scoot backward along the bed as Castiel crawls over him, maintaining fierce eye contact the entire time. Dean’s head hits the pillow and Castiel pauses, hovering. There are so many things he wants to do right now, it’s nearly overwhelming. He takes a small breath, watches how Dean’s eyes are trained on his lips. Sliver of green circling blown pupils shadowed by the longest lashes. Castiel shifts more of his weight to his knees and one arm, lifting his free hand to lightly trace the lines of Dean’s face, over his throat (Adam’s apple bobbing and Castiel vows to suck a mark there before the night is over), collarbones, pentagram tattoo (a gentle kiss over the darkening mark he left earlier).
“ You want it to be special, I know. Look, before the holiday season wrecked everyone’s schedules, you two used to have dinner together pretty regularly, right?”
A shaky breath escapes Castiel’s lungs. It’s probably nothing and he feels bad for dragging Cain from his peaceful evening to investigate a goddamn plastic bag, but… Castiel has learned to trust his instincts and any risk is too much where the children are concerned. So he shoves his guilt aside and hums along with the stupid song and takes the car back out onto the two-lane highway, Starbucks bound.
Dean is staring back, head lifted from the pillow to better watch Castiel. This is not a flattering angle for anyone, but the hint of double chin squeezed against Dean’s chest is simply endearing.  Short, panting breaths spill from his parted lips. His hands are loosely curled at his sides, blunt nails occasionally scratching against the smooth cotton comforter. His legs are shaking slightly where they rest against Castiel’s shoulders. Is Dean still so nervous about this? Castiel leans back onto his heels, smooths his hands along Dean’s outer thighs and catches him behind the knees, pushing them toward his chest and stripping the jeans off in one relatively smooth motion. They do get snagged on one foot, but Castiel gently maneuvers the denim over the ankle and toes until Dean is free of them.
“ Claire,” Cas begins, sounding distressed.” I didn’t mean for bedtime, I meant--”
“ Was Dean okay with the little bedwetter using him as a pee pad?” Gabriel asks as he cuts through the last heavy duty plastic zip tie on the back of a Fisher-Price Bat Cave/Wayne Manor playset. He begins sizing a large swathe of wrapping paper.
“ You like
There’s a split second when Castiel is afraid he’s going to throw up or his legs will refuse to work, then he finds himself casually striding across the gravel toward the uniquely shaped garage door. He steps inside and listens to Dean wax poetic about the car that even Castiel can tell is in pristine condition.
“ Yes, of course.” Cas’ smile gets gummy, his antennae twitching. He squeezes back just as firmly. “ Good luck, Dean.”
It’s enough to shock some anxiety back into Dean. He swats at the little foam ball on the end of Cas’ antennae- loving the chuckle it gets him- and hightails it through the staff door toward Sam and Jess; the former scared and irritated, the latter grinning between grimaces.
Dean can’t suppress a giggle.
“ Right. So, jump him..” Dean teases, winking at the older man across the table.
Castiel watches some of the fear dissipate from Dean’s expression before Sam’s shout sparks a bit back into his eyes. A playful swat at his antennae and Dean disappears through the staff door. Castiel would swear his hand where Dean grabbed it is still tingly and he gently closes his fist around the warmth. Well, enough of that. He gathers himself and turns to the children. “ Let’s get good seats in the storyroom and then we’ll trick-or-treat afterwards, okay?”
“ I doubt that, Claire.” Castiel closes his laptop and stretches. “ The apartment is much too small for a growing family.” He figures the neighbor has wild curly blonde hair, like Dr. Moore and Claire herself. Not that he doubts his daughter’s skills of observation, but it’s just too far a stretch that Dr. Moore and her husband would move into a one bedroom apartment when they’re expecting their first child. “ But, we should be good neighbors and go introduce ourselves, shouldn’t we?” He smiles at Claire’s instant excitement.
“ Ooh, talk dirty to me, baby.  Those big words get me all dewy.” Meg smirks.
“ Yes, I could see that.” Rowena replies sweetly. “ But I could mostly see the way you two were sputtering like twelve-year-olds with first crushes.”
Inside the apartment meets Dean’s needs perfectly. Cain built a small addition to the back of the rounded turret seven years ago when he’d intended on living in the apartment himself while renting out the rest of the house. It contains a small but functional kitchen that opens up into the original footprint where a dining nook has been stolen from a corner of the original bathroom and an ill placed hall closet. The nook opens up onto the Conservatory as Dean has dubbed it, which is big enough for a couple seating areas if he Tetrises it right. The original hallway opens in the center of the Conservatory’s back wall and leads to the one and only bathroom on the right, the master bedroom on the left, and dead ends at a stacked washer and dryer behind retro folding doors. Cool grays and white trim, original hardwood floor stained dark walnut. It suits Cain to a T and Dean asked why the man hadn’t moved in after putting so much effort into the place.
” and a quieter exit, had still thought it the best plan of action when Cas asked him to stay, again. But Dean hadn’t been able to deny that spark of uncertainty in Cas’ eyes, the near desperate edge to that ”
She does so without comment, and Dean settles Jack between Claire and his thigh. He would normally let Claire scroll through on her own, trusting her with the phone and to not go snooping through his other photos. Not that he has anything scandalous on his phone. Anymore. But while he trusts Claire, he understands Jack’s fine motor skills are still developing and doesn’t want any accidental swiping or deleting. So he throws his nearest arm over the back of the couch and leans in to hold the phone between the kids so both can see as he slowly flips through from the beginning.
Many thanks to everyone who reads, kudos, and comments!!!
It’s not that far between Sioux City and Sioux Falls, with little traffic this early in the morning. And Dean certainly isn’t keen on spending anymore time than is necessary in the confined space of the car with his father verbally cutting him apart between every loaded pause. But Dean is wary of holiday weekend speed traps and DUI checkpoints and drives accordingly, not much above the legally posted limit. Meaning he still has another hour until he hits Singer Salvage and can unload his ungrateful passenger onto Bobby or the couch, whichever he comes across first.
Jack puts on his frowny face again. He wanted to catch a bear.
“ Gabriel, I can’t--”
“ Hospitals aren’t really napping kinda places. I’ve got half an hour before another nurse comes in wanting to make sure I’ve pooped one more time. “ Jess grumbles. “ But thanks anyway.”
Castiel still feels too overwhelmed by tonight’s emotional rollercoaster for an intelligent response. So he leans forward and pulls Dean back into a hug, less desperate than the previous one, and repeats,  “ Thank you, Dean. For everything you’ve--”
However, since coming to work here at Hunter Hollow Public library nearly a year ago, Castiel has found himself more and more often struggling to remember the author of
He’s certainly not going to push it tonight. “ C’mon.” Dean reaches out his hand, smile soft and gentle. “ Let’s go to bed.”
Claire is the one who opens the kitchen door before they step foot on the stoop. She sticks her blonde head outside, Gabriel’s oversized Y2K novelty glasses obscuring most of her face. “ Dad and Dean are here!”
Tom Petty begins his spiel about not backing down and Dean tightens his grip on the steering wheel. Stares at the rare sets of oncoming headlights on the other side of the interstate median.
Unattached Drifter Christmas aka Valentine's Day.
Cas tries to avoid a conversation. Dean and Meg have a smirk off.
Castiel straightens up at Claire’s urgent whisper from the doorway, a glimpse showing she’s still dressed in today’s clothes. Three long strides and he’s in the hall, pressing down on the automatic panic response bubbling up in his chest. “ What’s wrong?”
Dean quickly slips out of the cardboard based proton pack and hands it to Claire. “ Okay, Claire. I gotta help Mr. Sam and Dr. Jess so I’m trusting you with this until tomorrow. Maybe even for a few days. Can you take care of it for me?.”
Another shared grasp, firm and warm, calloused palms against scarred fingers.
“ About eight thirty.”
Castiel grins, idly poking through the tote he sets on the edge of Charlie’s very clean and organized desk, the eye of the pop culture memorabilia storm of her office. This bag is mostly tunics of various sizes and colors. LARPing isn’t something Castiel is particularly into, but he certainly understands its appeal, especially with the teens Charlie works with. It’s simply a more active escapism than his own preferred method of reading.“ I’m glad for that. I know Kevin and Krissy have been very excited to get started. And Becky has nearly exhausted our catalogue of medieval romances for her
“ Ok, yeah. Castiel always looks like he’s two steps away from a parental meltdown and the workaholic over here needs to have fun with someone who’s not a coworker or family. And it is stupidly convenient that they get along
Oh, yeah. There’s a sick toddler in the room, as well.
“ This coming Saturday, if he signs the rental agreement. Though I’ll be handing over a key before that, so he might stop by during the week to unload some things. “ Cain’s smile is back in full force, and he drains his tea in a long gulp. “ If you don’t see him before then I will definitely make proper introductions Saturday.”
“ Why? Did something happen?’ Sam is extra worried now, great. He blocks Dean’s escape with his sasquatch-sized  body.
It feels utterly amazing. Even more than during their previous sexual activities, though Castiel also greatly enjoyed those, of course. But this. This open vulnerability, so much like that first night together on New Year’s, that excites and calms Castiel in waves until his heart feels so full in his chest it could burst. This is what he craves, what he needs.
Rowena pats Castiel’s arm before letting go. “ Well, that’s all I have to say about it.”
“ Suck. No surprise visits,” Jess whines from the other side, her arm stuck out of the open wide window. Both windows are fully lowered, Cain’s truck not having any working A/C to speak of.
Castiel completely tears his eyes away from his children and levels his gaze on Dean’s face, taking in the curve of his cheek and the slightly strained quirk of his smile. “ I think I can understand how things like that happen.” Dean nods silently and Castiel turns back toward the yard, wondering if he should change the topic or let it proceed naturally.  He decides to give it a nudge in a happier direction. “ Bobby seems to be a man of integrity.”
Jack watching avidly, Claire now leaning over Cas’ couch arm. It’s a picture of fucking perfectly happy domesticity.
“ What house?” Castiel is very confused. It’s just a jumble of numbers and letters to him.
Cain laughs, but accepts the compliment graciously. They break apart and begin plotting out the best way to get the furniture upstairs;  through the garage’s narrow staircase or up the wider yet uneven stone steps along the side.
Cain grins, pushing his chair back and standing as Castiel responds in kind. “ Well, I’ll leave you to it.” He steps to the door and turns back to meet Castiel’s gaze. “ Thank you, for this. I know Dean will be very happy when I give him the news.”
He left his travel cup in the car and is quickly steered toward a food truck before entering the main grounds by Jess pulling on the strap of Dean’s duffel across his chest. With his second round of caffeine flowing through his veins, and an artisan bacon, egg, and cheese croissant filling his belly, Dean feels much more amenable to the sights and sounds around him.
“ I don’t know. Sam’s pretty goofy looking even at thirty-five.” Dean makes a show of doubtful thought. “ But maybe Alex will take after Dr. Jess instead. She’s a total babe.”
A sudden thought explodes in his mind and he quickly re-reads each email, breath held tightly until he’s scanned them all, looking for any mentions of Claire or Jack. Castiel exits the last one and releases an unsteady sigh. It appears they’re only interested in him, not the children. So far. The thought causes a shiver to run through his entire body. He catches Chuck looking at him curiously. Castiel forces a quarter smile and turns back to his screen.
The nauseous cold that had swept through Castiel dissipates just as quickly under the older man’s kindness. He hadn’t realized how much he’d needed the assurance that such violent thoughts, that split second of intentional action when he’d raised the hammer high above his head,  didn’t make him unworthy of the two precious people entrusted to his care.
Cas rolls his eyes, contrary. “ You came to our apartment with Happy Meals when I couldn’t make a meeting because Claire was sick. I don’t believe that was part of your job description.”
It’s four minutes past midnight. Christmas Day.
“ No, uh, not really, but my father didn’t make it,” Dean waves off Castiel’s quiet,” I’m sorry,” and taps his forehead. “ I got away with a bad concussion and fractured leg. Someone, uhm, someone pulled me out, got me clear. “ He laughs and rucks up his left shirt sleeve to his shoulder, exposing the tattoos.
“ Okay. You’re good to go.”
Castiel pauses in the doorway, just watching. He has the same blooming warmth in his chest that he feels whenever he watches Claire and Jack sleeping. The same sense of affection and fierce protectiveness. Except, when the children are asleep, Castiel is happy to leave them to their dreams. But with Dean, he wants nothing more than to kiss the man awake.
It’s nice and easy again. Just kissing slow and deep. Gentle touches to Dean’s neck, curving a hand behind his shoulder and Castiel doesn’t think about the fact that he’s touching his own inked handprint there. He focuses on Dean’s body relaxing under him and instead thinks about things that may have been said to Dean in the past when this particular kink was discovered.  Dean has always been so confident during their brief sexual encounters, had been just as bold and unafraid tonight, before remembering the panties. Of course, people can be thoughtless, sometimes deliberately cruel. Castiel quickly decides it’s up to him to make Dean forget all about those imbeciles who had no idea how to treat a walking miracle like Dean Winchester.
” Well, sweetie, he’s uh...”
“ I’m in.”
A candle, honey-cinnamon-bourbon, in a lidless half pint jar with a single star etched onto one side now sits in his hand. The label reads
dessert.”
For this year’s Halloween, Dean is dressed as a genderswapped Ghostbuster, Jillian Holtzman, handing out candy at the Hunter Hollow Public Library.
Jess is only a stall ahead, Dean can see her curly blonde hair and rainbow printed tank top. Dean sidles up behind her, clutching his paper bag because it’s too crowded for him to maneuver it into his duffle. His head is filled with a mild buzzing, thoughts and emotions tumbling along unchecked.
“ I do, too.” Dean’s smile softens, smoothing out a few laugh lines around his eyes that are seemingly locked on Castiel’s. “ It always looks nice. Even without the fancy stuff.”
“ Gabriel’s been helping him out where he can and their cousin, Michael, the DA, helped him get the job at the library. But still,” Sam shakes his head in wonderment. “ I can't even imagine going through what he has in the past eighteen months. The kids, too.”
“ But Aunt Meg told me to get a pair of socks for Jack because he stepped in that puddle of snot--”
“ Yeah, I can get them ready for bed. No problem.” Dean responds absently, still seething over the ineptitude of the justice system and the toll it’s taking on his close friends. His family, now.
“ Pop, dink?” Jack asks, wedging himself between Dean and Castiel and eyeing Dean’s cup as though it might hold something more alluring than his own adult’s.
Gabriel’s mouth drops open in exaggerated shock, his hands coming up to frame his scandalized expression. “ Cassie! Have you been dragging this poor man along the entire time?”
Built post-war in the 50’s, the ranch home sits split level on a sharp rise of earth more than a mile from the main road. It’s the very definition of rambling and Dean can already imagine the bowling alley like hallways inside. Outside it looks like any  number of other post war homes in the more well-to do area; dark stone face below lighter gray vertical wooden planks, asymmetrical exaggerated eaves overhanging sets of narrow shutterless windows. A stone and steel carport extends from the near side of the house, closest to the main drive.
Jack is a big brave boy and he’s gonna get that bear!
“ You gonna answer that?” John snaps, pointing to the cell phone wedged between the seat and back. Angry with the electric guitar ringtone apparently interrupting his self-righteous rant.
Dean hands over the last of his cash and dumbly watches as his ex-lover counts out his change and prints out a receipt from an ancient adding machine. The receipt goes into the bag and Cain folds the top over before handing it to Dean. “ I hope to see you again.” Soft blue eyes, soft smile.
“ And I’m Claire’s pediatrician.” Jess pets the girl’s head.
“ Pop!” Jack points at Dean, other hand fisted on his hip. He’s looking back at Castiel with great satisfaction and if his vocabulary was any bigger, Castiel is certain the little boy would give him a scathing,
