'Hi, you must be the head baker,' Tony said with a fake smile. He didn't like this touchy feely guy who acted like they were best friends.
'Not at all!' Tony said excited. 'You're a dragon, you can fly, that is amazing! Why didn't you tell me before? It would have saved us all the trouble of making wings and it would have spared us a lot of pain. My jaw still hurts from last time!'
‘Thank you, that would be great,’ James answered. ‘Do you really not mind driving all the way to Brooklyn?’
Tony shook his head in disbelief, but he took the food anyway. Clint and Natasha got a plate as well. They had a nice dinner. Steve seemed to be as happy as he had been this morning. The run had done him well. When he was done eating he went to feed the dogs, like he still had a lot of energy left and didn’t know what to do with it. Until he came back.
Tony was in his workshop, working on one of his Iron Man suits, when he heard the doors open. When he noticed Steve and Natasha walking in, he frowned.
‘I promise, I promise,’ Tony laughed. ‘But can we please get another glass of whatever crap they serve here, because I’m way too sober to look at anymore of this art.’
‘So it would be fair if I keep one of you as my sidekick and throw the others out?’ Tony asked. ‘Just go, take of your fucking spandex, and live a normal life already.’
'When it cooled down I can help you fix it, if you want,' Steve offered. 'We might get it to work again, and then you can drive to a garage to have it properly fixed.'
Tony changed and they crawled under the sleeping bag. Within minutes Steve was asleep and Tony could hear him snore softly. How the hell could he sleep? He didn't even have an air mattress! Tony did and his back was still killing him. He missed his memory foam, his super soft blankets, and his fluffy pillow. He tossed and turned, but he couldn't sleep. It got worse when Steve turned in his sleep and snuggled up against Tony. The billionaire just lay awake, not sure what he was supposed to do.
'But it's something I did, because he doesn't want to talk to me,' Steve sighed. 'I went to see him yesterday and he refused to let me in, but he still talks to Clint.'
The guy practically ran to the bar and came back with beer and another cocktail. Steve gladly accepted the glass and ignored Sam who told him to be nice. Soon more guys joined their conversation, noticing Stefanie was new, curious what she was like. Lauren joined the group too and they just had a lot of fun together. So much that Steve almost forgot what he was doing.
‘We’re looking for a guy, who is said to be locked up for seventy years,’ Fury explained. ‘In the second world war they experimented on a man. He grew stronger than any man was supposed to be, and saved the world. He is an genetically engineered soldier, locked away for the safety of humanity. Or so the legends say. Nobody knows if he really exists, but some of our agents and scientists found something, about ten years ago. Reading their reports I think they found out where this man is hidden away. But like I said, most of them died during the mission and we don’t know everything. I want you to go and get him, Stark.’
‘This guy looks awesome,’ Sam said as he looked through the sketches. ‘He’s cool, I bet the kids will love him. What do you think, Clint?’
The moment Tony set foot in the changing room, he froze like he was struck by lightning. There was a very fit man trying to pull a super small white shirt over his ridiculous shoulders and pecs. Tony was sad to see the abs slowly disappear under the cotton. Time seemed to pass in slow motion, until all of the beaty was hidden and a cheery voice greeted him.
‘Please, don’t ever call me trophy wife again, Mr. Dinosaur,’ Steve said, but there was a twinkle in his eye and he could hardly stop himself from laughing.
Steve positioned himself in front of the robot. From there it looked more insect-like than it did from the top. It didn't stop Steve though. It had eyes, something that looked like eyes. Maybe they were cameras, it would help if they were destroyed. So Steve ran. The claws of the robot tried to get him, but he ducked, jumped, or hit them out of his way. He made it to the face of the thing and threw his shield. It destroyed one eye, before bouncing to the other eye, only to return to Steve. The claws moved uncontrolled, in all directions, knocking some agents down, and hitting Steve, throwing him out of his way.
Tony waited for the train, the rain ticking softly against his umbrella. He never liked trains, or rain, but he couldn't avoid it this time. Thankfully it was a small station, with hardly a soul in sight.
‘I will,’ Steve answered as he took the card. Tony gave him a brilliant smile before he hurried after Obadiah.
Tony didn't say anything. Steve was too happy to notice. He looked at himself in the mirror and laughed. He was amazed that he had his daytime body at night now too. He didn't even care that he destroyed his clothes. He grabbed a new pair of pants and pulled it on. He took off the shirt and threw it away. He was about to put on a new shirt when he noticed Tony hadn't moved.
Tony pressed a short kiss on Steve's lips. Now it was Steve's turn to look surprised, but then he smiled and kissed Tony back..
Apparently Steve had been in the army, and being a veteran himself he wanted to help others. Steve obviously still worked out, because his shoulder to waist ratio was insane. His chest was broad, his arms were huge, and his legs were going on forever. It was amazing. The rolled up sleeves of his dress shirt looked like they were going to rip. They hardly fit around those muscles. It was a wonderful sight and Tony couldn't get enough of it. But the best of it all was his ass. Steve had the best butt ever seen on mankind. It was a bit round and looked firm even in the pants Steve was wearing now. He hadn't known he could dress casual for meetings with the big boss, so he had shown up in a suit. At least he had taken off his jacket, so his arms were visible, but Tony hoped he would show up in skinny jeans next time.
'We were not,' Steve defended them. 'I kinda grew out of my clothes all of a sudden. I was redressing when you burst in.'
Steve nodded. He had been in the army himself for a few years. Not as long as Bucky or Sam, but he had seen enough. He had seen too much already. It wasn’t a lie that he went to the gym on bad days to just go crazy on a punching bag for an hour.
'A few of my neighbors have chickens,' Steve grinned. 'They let me have the feathers. I hope this will help you!'
He had been walking around all day, trying to figure out the best ways to get some money, because it really was his last chance. If he didn’t pay his rent tonight he would be homeless. He wouldn’t survive living on the streets for a week. He already had a cold and with his easy fatigability and his heart problems he probably wouldn’t even live through the first night. Not in this cold weather.
Steve chuckled as he grabbed Tony’s arm before he could leave the room. ‘No, don’t be embarrassed Tony. It’s nice to know you like my ass, but if you had just apologized and explained yourself when it happened, I would have forgiven you and I’d maybe even have asked you out.’
He was joking with the two other policemen, making Steve laugh at his stupid jokes. They all calmed down a little. One of the guys went to get another round of beer. They hadn't drank the first ones, but they kept the bottles on the table and acted like they took a sip now and then.  They pulled it off, because no one seemed to suspect anything.
'What about this Tony guy?' Nebula asked. 'You're all over him. He doesn't seem to mind, but I can't have you falling for him.'
'Thank you,' Steve said as he let go again. 'Thank you for trusting me. For not being scared of me, and for not killing me.'
They grabbed their things and headed to the washrooms. Tony let the warm water run over his body. The small stall was kind of dirty, but he immediately felt better. He didn't move for almost twenty minutes, until Steve knocked on his door. He dried off, got dressed and shaved himself. He styled his hair and put on some creams, but he still looked tired. It would have to do for now. He was only going to fix his car anyway, didn't have to look good for that.
'I want Tony and the guy who was monitoring him to talk to the group that has just left,' Steve said, ignoring the surprised looks of the prostitutes that had been his colleagues. 'Sam, take Bucky and talk to all these guys. I heard Nat is back, bring her into this as well, pair her up with Clint. Is Clint available? Let them take statements from these guys as well. Before you let them go give them coffee and a place to change. Not the bathrooms. I'm going to join Tony.'
‘Let me help you!’ Steve said to the man.  The bearded man stopped slapping and let Steve get the bird. Carefully Steve grabbed Redwing and held his wings against his little body. With his fingers Steve took the tiny little claws out of the man’s beard.
Steve sat down on the couch, while his friend got them both a glass of water. Olivia sat down on the bed and took a large gulp. He took a deep breath before he looked Steve in the eyes.
‘What do we do now?’ Clint asked as he approached. He felt the hole with his bare hands, but nothing happened. ‘I can get through as well, but we’re still facing a moat of lava. How do we get on the other side?’
Soon they were on the subway on their way to Stark tower. It wasn’t far, but there was a lot to see for Steve. There were so many people! After living alone with one person by his side for so long he forgot what it felt like to walk in a crowd, but he enjoyed it. He loved having so many people around and he hoped he could soon find his way on his own again.
With his elbow he closed the door of the car, before he made his way to the front door. He tried to grab his keys (who still used keys?!) from his pocket, four bags still in his hands, when he tripped over his own feet. The billionaire landed ungracefully on the ground, groceries falling out of the bags and rolling over the ground. Tony cursed loudly as he got back up. With a sigh he started to pick up all the things that had fallen out of the bags.
‘Yeah, I told you everyone wanted to be your sidekick, right? There are a few hundred people on the floors below. I thought I’d take a chance and crawl through the vents, but the others are still trying to get the alarm off the elevator. Since they’re not here yet, I think they’re all still downstairs, waiting.’
‘Would be nice to have someone like you next to you in bed to press your cold feet against,’ Tony joked. ‘I don’t like to get cold in bed.’
Sam encouraged him once more as Steve walked down the stairs. He was nervous, afraid that they would see he was a fraud. He was more nervous than when he walked in here a few hours ago. It wasn't necessary, because Nebula praised him for his good work and when the club closed down for the night she offered him a contract.
'Oh, I'm sorry, this is just amazing,' Steve said, still having a hard time tearing his eyes away. 'Director Fury gave me my contract. I hoped you wanted to help me with it.'
Tony was having the worst date ever. It was the best date he had been on in years, but he had to act like he was Rhodey, so he couldn’t get attached to this super hot guy. Tony had be on several blind dates in his life, and he had ended up very disappointed most of the time, but this time walking into the restaurant had been a pleasant surprise. James looked like a model. He was tall, had nice blond hair, beautiful muscles and a tiny waist. He even managed to match his shirt with his eyes, Tony had to try his best not to stare at him all evening.
Tony remembered the newspapers saying the death of his parents had been a great loss. Tony couldn't even remember if he had been sad. Sad because of all his new responsibilities maybe, but that was it. The death of his parents was a ticket to his freedom. He wouldn't have had a future with Steve if they had lived until they died a natural death.
Tony had so much to say about these cakes. They looked like super simple cakes, the ones a kid would bake, but not round, more like an hourglass shape. On top of that the body of a woman was sculpted, wearing a tiny bikini.
Fifteen minutes later the entire team stood outside. Steve was wearing the heels and Tony was tying the laces of his running shoes. All the others stood around, cheering and laughing.
Tony laughed. 'Just leave it here, I know a few people who will love to try them. Sit down, tell me about the contest, would you like some coffee?'
For a long time they just sat there together. Jarvis, the man who had brought them together, who had supported them in everything and anything, wasn't here anymore.
‘No,’ Tony answered. He was arms deep into some robot that he was trying to fix. There was grease all over him and the goggles messed up his hair.
‘I have to confess something too,’ Steve said. ‘And it will sound weird after everything you just told me. I’m not James Barnes. My name is Steve Rogers and James Barnes is my best friend.  Natasha got that blind date for Bucky, but he got himself a date with a colleague on the same evening. He begged me to take his place and go for him, so when things didn’t work out with his colleague he could take my place and date you.’
'Good questions. Regulars know where to go, but send new clients to the left, down the stairs. There they'll have to pay, they just say who they visited and the guy there can check how long he stayed with you. Computers count how long the door has been closed. When the door closes the clients have to pay 10 dollar. After that it’s 4 dollar per minute. You get 50 per cent.  If you actually start working here, and become popular, it will become more. As for going back downstairs, there is a small bathroom through that door in the back. You can take a quick shower if you want. The more customers, the more money you earn. Just come back down the stairs and mingle with the customers again. Oh, before I forget, threesomes are allowed, but cost extra, and you only do it if you feel like it.'
'I heard something about her cover being blown,' Tony said. He wanted to say more, but Sam interrupted him.
‘You want me to go and get you a genetically engineered super soldier in a time when the government is banishing super heroes?’ Tony asked.
‘He is,’ Clint said. ‘At night. You remember how he got nervous when it started to get dark? That’s because he turns back in the guy he was before the serum! Scrawny, tiny, useless, not a hero! He can’t find at night, Stark, because our big hero loses his powers at night! He was going to tell you, ask you to help him find a solution, but you had already decided he hated you by then.’
Steve was so busy with his plan and the robot, that he didn’t notice that one of its arms was about to crush him. The heavy arm was lifted high in the air and came falling down as the robot tried to move itself. Seconds before it fell down on Steve, he was swept off his feet and pushed away by something cold. His eyes widened when he saw the Iron Man suit.
Buddy took Mauro an Tony back to the front of the room and they looked once more at all bakers and their pastries.
Steve and Natasha were sparring together. She and Clint helped him to catch up to this new world, but sometimes they needed a break and they would practice their fighting skills, like old times. Clint joined them. It was nice to practice with someone else now and then.
‘Maybe we can make a deal,’ Fury suggested, just before Tony could storm out of the room. ‘I’d love to see you go, but your technology is useful and yes, we’re earning money. I have agents I need to pay.’
It was mostly Steve who planned the funeral, but Tony arranged that they would be the only ones at the graveyard. No paparazzi, no random people visiting who could take pictures, no one, just the two of them and a few of the people who had lived with Jarvis the last years of his life.
Steve pulled his coat a little tighter around him as he walked through Manhattan. It was only three in the afternoon, but it was crowded, and that was exactly why Steve was there. He was completely out of money, he was about to be kicked out of his apartment, and the only way he would get some food in his belly tonight was by pickpocketing.  He had never stolen anything in his life before and his heart was beating too fast. Although that could also be palpitations, you never knew with a heart like his. But it was true that he was really nervous. He had tried to slip his hand in the pocket of a guy on the subway, but it felt like everyone was staring at him.
The Shield base was deserted. There was no one there except the dogs. They were fed though and there was fresh food in the kitchen as well, both for the dogs as for Clint an Tony. Clint cooked them a simple meal, while Tony went through all the information he could find about the genetically engineered soldier. There were books, maps, reports and pictures. Tony searched through all of it, but there was no info about the soldier or the dragon. It only described the path they would have to follow and about the outside of the building. Nobody had ever gone any further, no one had lived to tell the tale.
‘Why am I doing this again?’ Steve asked as he tried to find another amazing outfit in his closet. It was Sunday an in about an hour he had another date with James.
That was until he saw the turnstiles. The employees held a card against the gates and the two plastic doors slid open for them. Steve could crawl under the doors, or climb over them, but people would notice and alert the guards. This couldn’t be over so soon already! Steve took a deep breath and looked around. People were holding their wallets against the gates. He could do that! He didn’t have any money, but he did have a wallet, he could act like he had a card. The doors were open exactly eight seconds. If he was quick he could walk in after one of the employees. If he didn’t make it he could act like his card wasn’t working.
Suddenly something hit the force field, not too far from his head. Tony jumped back and fell on the ground. He saw an arrow being stuck in the force field. Immediately Tony jumped up and walked to Clint.
Tony took a business card out of his pocket. ‘This is my number. Text me your address and I’ll pick you up for coffee tomorrow.’
‘Don’t use my own words against me!’ Bucky said. ‘I’m already having a date with a girl from work tomorrow. I told Nat, but she didn’t believe me, thought it was an excuse to get out of the blind date. Could you go for me, please? I wouldn't ask but I really think things could work between this girl and me.’
'I can't say I mind,' he said with a small smile. 'I'm actually saved by my knight in shining armor! Are you shocked that true love exists, that magic exists, or that your true love is Captain America?'
'My favorite subject,' Steve said as he showed the painting. It was Tony, not even halfway done, but it was definitely Tony.
'Come on, Tony,' Steve sighed. 'A romantic sunset, I’m practically sitting in your lap, don't you get the hint?'
The coffee shop was only a few blocks from his place, so he walked there. Steve came there often, he would bring his laptop and get some work done when Bucky and Sam were too loud again. It was fun to live with friends, but it was impossible to work when the two of them were home as well. Sometimes they were like kids, always trying to distract him.
‘Well fuck you then,’ Tony said angrily. ‘If you’re not going to help me, I quit. I know you’re earning money because of me, so find yourself another hero who can do that. Or let your agents safe the world, see how long it takes before aliens are destroying our cities!’
'Thanks Brucey-bear! You're the best!' Tony said and he slapped his butt. Bruce didn't say anything, just smiled, before he left the office. Steve watched it with raised eyebrows.
'Right, of course,' Steve said, acting a bit embarrassed. 'I bought a few things, tried it out. I have pictures, if you want to see them!'
'Ryan, your first cake was so-so and your cupcakes were bad, not just the taste, but especially the design. Ashley, your first cake wasn't very special, and instead of pastries, you made pumpkin bread, which was not what the client asked for. So who of you will have to leave?'
'Stefanie is fine,' Nebula answered as she led him through the halls. 'You don't have to take clients tonight if you don't want to, but I'll give you a room, just in case. Welcome to our club.'
Steve followed the agent. They ran through the hallways to the room where his suit was. He wasn't even in the room yet and he had already taken his shirt off. This was a matter of life and death, so he had to be quick. Within a minute he had changed into his new uniform. It suited him perfectly and felt comfortable. Steve hung his shield on his back, before he headed out to the helicopter platform. Clint was waiting for him there.
Tony’s eyes widened. ‘Your contract is ending?’ he asked surprised. ‘No, no, no, it can’t,  I’ll talk to Pepper, you can’t leave yet! I should give her a call. I think she’s in a meeting, but this is more important. You really can’t leave. We need your for…..things, you know! But that wasn’t why I wanted you to come. I’ve gotta show you something! Look at this, look at this!’
'Ugh, do you hate me that much?' Bucky sighed. 'I don't believe they're just friends. He'll kill me if I'd try to even look at her!'
‘You don’t recognize me?’ the guy asked. ‘I’m Clint Barton, also known as Hawkeye, the famous archer, you know. I never miss! You seriously haven’t heard of me? Come on, man, I’m famous!’
'All information about me was destroyed after the war,' Steve said. 'They didn't want people to use me as some kind of weapon unless there was a real big threat. I guess they didn't need me, now that they have new heroes, like you two. I'd still like to go back outside though.'
‘I still think a year is not equal to going on two dates with a guy for a friend,’ Steve said as he put on his jeans. ‘Maybe we should add a year of dusting off the living room to it. That sounds more fair to me.’
‘I really don’t care!’ Tony said. ‘Get out or I’ll call the police and get you all arrested anyway. Or worse, I’ll make you participate in some kind of hunger games and let you all kill each other.’
When Steve arrived at the coffee shop, James just got out of his car. Immediately all Steve’s angry thoughts were gone. James looked amazing and the smile on his face when he spotted Steve was breath taking. Steve knew he should stop this and just tell his date the truth already, but he wasn’t sure if he could. James looked so happy and Steve didn’t want to be the one to wipe that smile off his face. When it would come to it Bucky could be the one to tell him the bad news instead.
‘Start with a plane,’ Fury suggested. ‘But since you’re going to the arctic, I’d bring a nice and warm coat if I were you.’
‘Yeah, I’d like to,’ Steve said, smiling brightly. ‘Maybe we should go right now and grab some real coffee. I wanted to talk to you anyway.’
Tony showed the map. Steve studied it for a minute, before he nodded. He stretched his legs a little, while the others settled on the sled.
Steve used the eyeliner before handing it back. Olivia's arms were bare, so he quickly read the name on her arm. Ronan. It was written in very curly letters and therefor hard to read, but it definitely said ‘Ronan’. He could have known. Steve hoped Sam got a clear picture of it as well. It could be evidence. Olivia looked uncomfortable, so Steve threw him one of his blinding smiles before starting a simple conversation about make up. He is glad when Olivia responded and when Lauren interrupted them after a few minutes Steve was okay with that, because he made great progress.
‘My name is not James Rhodes,’ James explained. ‘James Rhodes is my best friend. I went on that first date with you, because he didn’t want to go on a date with a guy. He is straight, I’m bisexual, so I didn’t mind taking over. I don’t really know why I still pretended to be him.’
Tony eyes widened. ‘You’re thirty-one?’ he asked. ‘For real? Here I thought I was like a dinosaur with a trophy wife, but you’re only four years younger than I am.’
Tony grinned widely when he heard that. 'You know what, I might be able to help you with that dream. There is this cute little store around the corner that has been empty for months. What about you and I go out for lunch and talk some business?’
‘Don’t you watch the news?’ Clint asked, crouching down and relaxing, like Tony didn’t have his repulsors aimed at him. ‘The government has decided they had enough of all the super heroes. There are too many, it got out of control. Bullshit, of course, our country has never been safer than it’s now. So, yeah, no more heroics for us, unless we don’t mind getting banished from our own country.’
'Nice to meet you, Steve,' Tony said with a smirk. He winked at Steve before he let go and walked away.
‘Steve, you seem to be very surprised that someone is asking you out. You’re a good looking guy, you know,’ Tony said. ‘You’d think there are more people who’d like to date you. Unless the owner of your feathery friend is hotter than you are.’
Steve searched through his wallet and handed Ronan his fake id-card. The man studied it for a few seconds before handing it back.
'I'd like that,' Steve said. There was a smile on his face, but there were also tears in his eyes. 'I'll miss you. More than ever.'
As they dried off and got dressed again, Tony checked his watch. They had spent several hours in the caves and he had to admit he had fun. It hadn't been that difficult at all.
'You're in for a threesome?' Steve grinned and he pulled Tony into their hug. 'Happy anniversary, Tony.'
'Sorry,' said Clint. 'He is my hero, I got caught up. I got hundreds of his comics and I watched the cartoons when I was a kid.'
James laughed and thanked him, but there was another little blush on his cheeks, Tony couldn’t help but feel a little proud of that.
The dragon nodded and pushed his nose against Tony's shoulder. Tony carefully stroked the nose and head. He had seen dragons before, flying over the mountains, but never up close. Now he was touching one! His best friend, his only friend, was a dragon!
Tony was pissed, really pissed. He had been happy when Fury had told him he was thinking about creating a team of super heroes, with only the best ones around. He didn't care about the others on the team, but he had been looking forward to work with Captain America. Until the man had called him useless.
Tony walked towards the door and tried the doorknob. It opened without any problems. It took some effort to push it open, since it was heavy, but in the suit it was no problem for Tony.
‘My first decision is that our team name won’t be New York’s Finest or The World’s Finest of anything with finest at all,’ Steve stated.
Clint was a social worker at a school and an orphanage, so he was their expert on kids and what kind of things kids would like. Tony thought Clint knew so much because he was pretty childish himself sometimes. Pepper had told him he and Clint were very much alike sometimes.
Natasha pinched his arm and Clint immediately shut his mouth. ‘I like the name, The Avengers. I think we should stick to that.’
'Yes, I invited Natasha,' Steve laughed. 'But don't go randomly hugging her. She will rip off your arm or something. Clint is coming too.'
'Including you,' Tony said. 'But enough chatter, let's go, I want to go home and kick two hundred illegal super heroes out of my house.'
'Stefanie,' Steve answered. 'Or Scott, but I sure you know that's not my real name. Maybe I'll tell you tell you when this is all over.'
‘That’s what you focus on?’ Clint asked. ‘What about the part where all of the agents and scientists died when they were looking for him. This guy sounds like a killing machine. Why would Stark be able to get him out of there? Who says it wasn’t the guy himself who killed your agents?’
Tony laughed as he turned right. ‘Those people are annoying when you’re in the car, they’re probably so much worse when you’re riding a bike.’
'I wasn't sure if you wanted to see me, but the contest is over and I thought I'd bring you some donuts,' Steve said. 'I brought a box with other pastries as well, but I wasn't sure how many people worked with you. I didn't know your company was this big, I don't think I have enough.'
But then he saw it. Right next to the laptop was a fruit bowl and it was filled with shiny apples, juicy grapes, and beautiful oranges. Steve’s stomach rumbled. He hadn’t eaten in two days and the fruit looked so good. He just couldn’t stop himself. He made his way to the bar and grabbed a banana. A banana would fill him up more than any of the other fruits and it was quicker. So he peeled the banana and took a bite. Steve almost moaned. He couldn’t remember the last time he ate fruits. It was way too expensive for him, so he enjoyed this to the fullest. When he finished it he dropped the peel in the trashcan. He wanted to walk to the coffee table to get the Starkpad, he really wanted, but when he walked past the fruit again he just had to take another piece. Steve grabbed another banana and took a big bite.
Tony remembered that first kiss very well. It was as sweet as their last one. When had it been? Two days ago?
'Stefanie?' Steve asked. 'That's what I was thinking about, but I could be someone else if that's not fancy enough. Fawn or something.'
‘Redwing?’ Steve asked softly, every time he passed a tree or a bush. He didn’t really dare to yell, he didn’t want to disturb people who were enjoying their lunch. ‘Redwing, where are you?’
‘Normally I’m on my bike,’ Steve answered as he put his clothes in his locker. ‘I’m in the pilot with ambulance motor bikes, to see if we can shorten the response time. With my bike I can get through traffic easier. I don’t have all the equipment an actual ambulance has, but I can make a start and brief the other paramedics.’
Being a gay couple didn't help. Being Tony Stark didn't help either, he had false reputation that made people distrust him. But Tony would find a way. He always did. Money could do so much in this world.
‘Steve said it! I heard him talking to you!’ Tony said angry, turning to face the archer. ‘The first day at the Shield headquarters you were talking to him and I heard him say that I was not a hero, that I was scrawny and useless and that they should scratch my contract.  That made it pretty clear that he didn’t want me on his team, or anywhere around him at all, so he can take care of that robot monster himself.’
An eight-year old Tony held the hand of his butler Jarvis. He practically dragged the man around, because he was so eager to get to play in the playground. Tony's parents were always busy, they didn't have much time for their son and playgrounds were childish, inappropriate. But Jarvis cared about the boy enough to let him be a kid, despite what his parents said.
Tony chuckled. ‘It does sound like a challenge.’ He took off his jeans and exchanged them for the dark blue pants. He had tried black scrubs before, but after someone had told him he looked like an angel of death he changed back to blue. Best to not make his patients think their end is near. Blue seemed to be more trustworthy for some reason. For a moment Tony wondered what kind of colour Steve chose, but when he looked up he noticed the other man was putting on the dark blue uniform of paramedics.
James 'Bucky' Barnes snorted. 'Because our Stevie has never been a customer. He'll be blushing so badly everyone will know we're faking!'
'Oh, I was also wondering if I could go and take a look at the workshops, to see if we can use the color scheme there as well. It will make things more recognizable for kids,' Steve said.
'Unlike you, I'm so hot I always got it for free. No need for me to pay,' Steve teased his friend back.
People got on and off at different floors, but nobody seemed to notice Steve. They were so busy with their phones and papers that they didn’t even see the tiny guy in the back. They just hurried out of the elevator and  moved on to whatever important thing was waiting for them. Steve didn’t move and didn’t make a sound until he was the only one left. It seemed like the elevator took forever to pass the last few floors. Steve was hopping from one foot on the other until the doors finally opened. He peeked to the left and the right, but there was no one in sight. Quickly he got out. There was no private elevator that would let to the penthouse, but there were stairs. Every building, every floor, needed emergency stairs, even the penthouse of Stark tower. Would they be connected to the emergency stairs on the lower floors?
Steve looked at the hand on his waist and then to the guy who it belonged to. The man was shorter than him, but very good looking. He did look a bit nervous though, so Steve decided not to yell at him. Yet.
'Why don't you and I go upstairs?' Steve asked. Jack nodded and followed Steve up. They walked into the room. The moment it clicked shut, Jack dropped down on the bed with a heavy sigh.
'I'll send some agents to get them out,' Fury said. 'Captain, we have a room for you here, for tonight. Romanoff and Barton, for you too.'
'I don't have magic,' Tony confessed. 'But I want to fly. It looks so cool! Like birds and dragons! I want to touch the clouds!'
They pushed the car to the parking lot, before they asked for a camp site at the reception desk. They found out there were cabins as well and Tony immediately asked for one, assuring Steve he would pay. But all the cabins were rented, and no amount of money could convince the lady behind the counter to kick some of the other people out, no matter how much Tony pleaded.
'Me too, I got all the comics,' Tony confessed. 'I masturbated over his posters and watched all the porn about him.'
'A shame,' Steve shrugged. 'I'll wait until Sam is here with the beer then. Will you join us again?'
'Most romantic thing a man ever said to me,' Steve laughed. He took the donut off his finger, put it back on the plate, and handed the plate to Tony. 'Enjoy them.'
'Weren't you supposed to meet your fiancee today?' Steve asked, after he lay down on the grass on his stomach, chin resting on his hands.
He met two really fun guys who travelled around together and who were on their way to the Lord of the Rings set. Steve hadn’t planned to go there, but the three of them had so much fun that he decided to join them. It was much more interesting than he had thought and he took over a hundred pictures. For a night Steve and the guys stayed on the same campsite before they went their own way again. Steve went on boat rides, he went mountain biking, and he walked for miles through the beautiful nature, but he also went souvenir shopping and he visited several museums about Maori culture. He had the best time ever!
‘I got impatient and I hacked into the passenger lists of the airline,’ Tony admitted. ‘You wouldn’t be back for another few days, so I helped them upgrade their security systems. So, want me to take you home? You’re probably tired, it was a long flight, and economy class is just….ugh. Jet lags are the worst, so I thought I’d pick you up, so you’d at least have a comfortable ride home.’
‘And he didn’t freak out, because I would have heard him scream if he did,’ said Natasha. ‘So you’re thinking about telling Fury? Don’t. Not yet. He is thinking about creating a team. If you work in a team, the others can help you, take over from you if necessary. It’s probable that the three of us will be in the team, Stark too and a few others. One of them is a scientist. Physicist. He might be able to help you with finding a cure. I heard he has already been trying to replicate your serum. Maybe Stark could help him.’
They ate at the other little restaurant this time. They didn't linger, but simply ate their lunch before they went back to the camp site. They packed the tent, grabbed their bags and they put everything in the back of the car. Tony drove them to the next spot on Steve's list. The place had a camping shop where Tony bought an air mattress, a pillow and a sleeping bag.
Tony ran to the slide and bumped into a small, skinny, blond, kid. The boy fell backwards and Tony immediately started apologizing. He helped him back up and apologized some more, afraid that he had already screwed up and had to go home again.
Steve opened the backdoor with his key. He was hired and got his own key! He was pretty proud of that, he hadn’t done much undercover jobs. But he had been working in this place for a few nights and things were going fine. Nobody suspected a thing. Now that Steve felt accepted by the others and more comfortable he would start some more serious research. He had come early on purpose, hoping he could talk to Olivia without too many others around. Olivia definitely had a tattoo.
'I'm Scott Miller and I heard a lot about The Aurora. I'd love to work here, so I wondered if you had any vacancies,' Steve lied. He knew his character well.
The paperclip once again helped him to get in. Steve stepped inside and closed the door behind him. The door was hidden from view by the stairs that led to the next floor, so Steve couldn’t see anyone and no one could see him. First he listened, then he looked, but there really was no one there. The entire room was empty. Steve couldn’t believe his luck! He got into Tony Stark’s penthouse! He actually did it! He could barely stop himself from doing a little victory dance. He had to focus, getting in was only a small part of this mission, now he actually had to steal something. Steve walked through the room, looking around. The television was a no go, it was way too big to carry downstairs. Steve probably couldn’t even lift it with his scrawny arms. But there was a Starkpad on the coffee table. It would fit in his backpack. He might be able to pay his rent if he sold that. There was a laptop on the bar that separated the living room from the kitchen. It wasn’t too big, he could probably grab that too. Everyone in this building was carrying around stuff like that, so it wouldn’t even look suspicious.
‘It’s Saturday,’ Steve answered. ‘Do you think there will be a lot of people around the offices? I think most of them are closed during the weekend.’
'I didn't walk,' he said. 'Don't look at me  like that, I can take care of myself. Everyone kept asking what I was doing and if I was alright, so I moved. Just look how beautiful this view is.'
Clint tried to comfort Steve, telling him that he would talk to Fury for him if he wanted that. Fury could let his best scientists work on a solution, or maybe help him find his true love. If the people who made the serum said it, it could be true, right? It didn’t sound weirder than a wall that reacted to temperatures.
Steve didn’t like to hear that James was in the air force. It meant that he would probably be out of the country a lot. Hearing that he could pilot a jet was a lot better. Steve loved hearing all his amazing stories about the things he had been through in those jets. Some were dangerous, some were hilarious. James was amazing at telling stories. Steve himself told that he had been in the army, but that he quit when his arm got hurt. He told Bucky’s story, about how he was still in revalidation, but how he tried to do simple jobs, inside and outside the house, while his friends, and housemates worked to pay the rent.
Tony hid a smile in his hoodie. The moment is face popped out it had a very serious expression on it.
They had confessed their crush two weeks before they went on their first date. Steve had been flustered when he had confessed that he liked Tony, and Tony could not have been happier. He had gaped and stuttered, but eventually he managed to say he felt the same. They had giggled like girls for half an hour before they could talk normally again. They hadn't told anyone else, kept it a secret. They were young, but not stupid, they knew what the world thought of their relationship. So they went mountain biking on their first date. Tony just turned sixteen and had his drivers license, so he drove them out of town, two bikes in the trunk.
'I'd like to,' Steve said, but it sounded nervous. Tony ignored it and took the others into the Shield headquarters. When the receptionist made clear to her boss that Tony had what Fury was looking for, they immediately got access to his office. The director didn't seem surprised when the crowd walked in and not just Tony with an engineered super soldier.
‘Natasha told me you were going around slapping people’s butts,’ Pepper sighed. ‘I don’t know what you’re doing, Tony, but she told me she’d sue you for sexual harassment if you’d try to touch her. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a company to run. Read those notes and stop thinking about Steve.’
Steve Rogers thanked the driver before he hoisted his pack onto his back and started walking. There had been times when he had wondered if it was a good idea, but when he was walking in the sun like this he knew backpacking in New Zealand was his best idea ever. After graduating art school he decided to get out of the country for a while and he didn't regret picking New Zealand. It was expensive to get here, but it was worth every dollar.
'I can try,' Steve said. 'I'll make something for the next meeting and  you guys can decide if it's good enough, okay?'
‘Rhodey, get me a date with your hot friend. Rhodey, let me copy your homework. Rhodey, try out this new machine for me. Rhodey, I’m drunk as fuck, cover for me when the teacher asks where I am,’ Rhodey mimicked a few of the favors Tony has asked him over the years. ‘Sounds familiar?’
‘I know my way around the subway tunnels and the drains,’ Clint said, like it was the most normal thing in the world. ‘But I had aliens on my farm once, and I got rid of all of them, with only eleven arrows. So, if you’re getting rid of Stark, I can totally take his place.’
Bucky laughed as he elbowed his friend. 'That's what being hot does to you when you're a police officer. Now you get to dress in drag and be super pretty on camera!'
‘If I don’t pay my rent today I will be kicked out of my house,’ Steve said, looking straight at the other man now. ‘I had a job, but I got fired, because I was sick all the time. I got paid so little that I couldn’t afford my medication. I tried to get a new job, but nobody wanted to hire me. I haven’t eaten in two days. If I end up on the streets I’ll die! I have asthma, I have a heart condition, if I become homeless I’ll be dead within a week. When I saw the fruit my only thought was that it would help me survive a little longer.’
It was a soft voice, not like the harsh voices of the guards or the angry voice of his father. Tony looked around, but he didn't see anyone.
Steve finally sat down next to the other man. Sitting a little closer than appropriate. 'Good, I like them queen-sized. Too bad I'll never know what that goatee feels like, scratching my balls.'
‘Thanks, I really needed that,’ he shouted over his shoulder, before disappearing into his office again. Tony put the coffee aside and went back to spying on the two friends. They both looked a bit confused, but not angry. Good.
'Of course Bucky told you. Stefanie has a very nice, and very real ass,' Tony replied. 'You can't blame me!'
Tony had hurried himself home. His parents knew he was back in town for the funeral, but they were surprised he came to see them. They hardly ever saw each other. Even during breaks Tony only slept at home and spent the rest of his time with Steve.
Tony watched them for a few moments. He came to pick up his bag when he walked in on this scene. Steve looked really young, now that he was giggling on the floor. He probably wasn't even in his thirties when they locked him up here. Tony suddenly felt sorry for him. It can't have been an easy life, being changed into some super soldier to fight, only to get locked away the moment you won their war.
Tony flew down the stairs, followed by Steve, who had to run, but easily managed to keep up. He wasn't just strong, he was fast as well. They went back to the main floor and found Natasha and Clint in the same room Tony had left them. They were still fighting. All of Clint's arrows were stuck in the wall and the ceiling. There were several throwing stars and other blades stuck as well. Tony figured they were Natasha's. Since they both ran out of ammo, their fight had become more physical. They were all over each other. Natasha bit in Clint's arm, while Clint was pulling her hair. It was like watching two kids fight.
Tony used the opportunity to fly out of the room. He made quick work of the rest of the main floor, flying was way faster than walking, especially in heavy armor. He moved to the next floor, but no sign of humans, or dragons, at all. It was the same on the second floor, although it looked like someone had been using some of those rooms and there was actually food in the kitchen. Tony told himself that that meant that this soldier was not a robot. He needed food. Or maybe it was for the woman who was fighting Clint, but he wanted to believe it was for the soldier too.
‘You just try to keep their attention with your butt, and when my date doesn’t work out, I take over from you with my great body. Now take off your shirt, plaid is way too hipster. Why don’t you wear that dark blue shirt? And those black shoes. That will look good.’
‘What’s wrong with just walking over to a guy and say hi?’ Steve asked, a bit confused by Tony’s rambling.
He didn’t have much time to think about how he was going to do that, because his shift started. As always the night started with people with broken limbs, because they didn’t use ladders to put up their lights. Or worse, when they fell out of windows as they tried to put up lights outside. Then the burns and cuts from cooking, the allergies, the choking and the food poisoning. After that it was time for drug and alcohol overdoses, only to end the night with victims of car crashes caused by drunk drivers. For some reason there was also always at least one kid that swallowed a battery for some reason.
With a sigh Steve Rogers put on the jacket of the only suit he owned. He didn’t wear it very often, but he was invited to the opening of an exposition of an old classmate. Steve never really liked said classmate very much, but showing up in these galleries was good promotion for his own work. He had to make new connections and get to know as many people as possible, so maybe, one day, he could have an exposition as well. For now that was still a dream, and to be honest, he was a little jealous of his classmate.
‘You punched him in the face?’ Tony snorted. ‘Oh, that is just perfect! Such a cute and tiny guy, but a true knight in shining armor. I like you. J.A.R.V.I.S. did you do a background check?’
'This will be your room,' Nebula explained. She opened the door with a key card, before handing the card to Steve. 'Only you can get in here. If you need help, there are several panic buttons as you can see. There is plenty of security around, so they're here in no time. You can do whatever you're comfortable with, just know that customers pay per minute, so don't let them fall asleep. Any questions?'
'It took us hours to get here by sled,' Clint said. 'The snow goes on for miles, you can't run that!'
'Then I'll promise to protect you from everything else. You can stay with me until it's your turn to rule the country. Now hop on!'
For a moment they stood together next to James’ car. Steve wanted to ask him if he wanted to have dinner somewhere, but then he remembered he was in too deep already. He shouldn’t make this harder for himself than it already was.
Natasha took Steve's arm and led him out of the workshop. 'Don't mind him, this is Stark's usual asshole self. Narcissistic, doesn't play well with others, it's all in his files. Let's go, I'll help you with your contact.'
'Just walk around, sit down somewhere, make sure you look attractive,' Nebula explained. 'Flirt with the guys, touch their arms, but no kissing. Kissing and everything more intimate must be taken upstairs. You get three drinks per evening, but of course customers can treat you. Don't get drunk though. Alright, so if you got an interested customer, you can take him upstairs. In the corner, behind the curtain, are the stairs, bring them there.'
Tony opened his mouth to say something, but then closed it again. He chuckled. 'You look at the wrong parts. You have amazing eyes and beautiful hair. You're stubborn, sassy, and strong, I like it.'
‘Healthcare too,’ Tony added. ‘One of the perks of working for Stark Industries. Healthcare, dental, stuff like that. I’ll make sure to get you an official contract later, but maybe you could make me something now? I can’t remember the last time I ate. Probably yesterday. Don’t know, but I’m pretty hungry. I’ll pay you the money you need for the rent and your meds after you fed me, so maybe don’t try to kill me just yet? You really need the food too, before you collapse in my living room. There are going to be some weird stories in the papers if you collapse here. What about sushi? I could go for sushi. I’m sure there’s fish in the fridge.’
'Ah, fuck no, not now,' Sam groaned. 'I saw Tony outside. I'm sure he is on his way here. He only ever shows up when you're here. It's kind of cute, but not today, today it's desperate.'
‘I had hoped explosions and fire would help, but this thing is a lot stronger than it looks. We gotta drop the building on him,’ Steve said. ‘The building that is about to crash, its empty. None of our attacks worked, we gotta burry it under something heavy. Even if we can’t stop it that way, maybe we can damage it so badly that we can reach his insides and pull some wires. Tell Clint to shoot one of his explosive arrows exactly on the right corner. The moment it explodes, you keep an eye on the movement. Use those repulsors to give it direction if it threatens to fall in the wrong direction. Give it a little push when necessary. I’ll distract it until you two finished the job. Tell Clint to shoot on my sign!’
‘He just really values his sleep,’ Natasha said. ‘Can’t keep a body like that without enough sleep. Or one like mine. I’m going to bed as well. Goodnight.’
'I couldn't get out because of the warmth,' Steve said. 'The wall reacted to temperature. If we opened it from the inside, only things with the right body temperature could go outside. My body adjust to the surroundings though, so I was stuck.'
‘That’s great Robin Hood, there were way too many people who thought they were super heroes,’ Tony answered. ‘They were falling over each other to be at the first at the crime. They’re in my way, and now they’re gone. Perfect. So why are you here?’
'You must be Scott,' she said as she let him in. 'I'm Nebula, I run this place. We don't use real names here, identity protection, so what can I call you? You have a stage name?'
Steve agreed. Since it was getting dark, they both went their separate ways, Steve over the hill and Tony back to the castle. The next weeks Tony went outside whenever he had a free moment. He walked into the woods when the guards weren't watching and searched for feathers that were lying around. For days he searched, only to end up with a few dozens. Not nearly enough for his big plans.
'That's what you get when you got a pretty girlfriend’, Steve chuckled when he noticed Bucky pulled a face. ‘You get to watch her dress up and flirt with other men.’
'Yes, actually, but if I had known something pretty like you was hiding here I would have showed up months ago,' Tony flirted. 'But you keep looking at the door. Were you waiting for someone?'
'I'm so sorry!' Steve said, his face red as a tomato. 'My friend has exactly the same jacket. I'm really sorry!'
'Hold the rope, even when I'm in the air!' Tony ordered. 'What if I can't come back down again? You'll have to help me.'
A guy, short dark hair, a goatee, a leather jacket, ripped jeans and sneakers, kept looking at Steve. Looking like he could just eat him up. It didn't help that he was exactly Steve's type. Sam had noticed it too, because he warned Steve not to look his way anymore.
‘Natasha sounds like she could be one of Pepper’s friends,’ James laughed. He told how his friend was always trying to get him on dates as well, and how things had gotten worse in her honeymoon phase. They talked and laughed about how their friends kept trying to hook them up with people, until the waitress poured them both a glass of wine and handed them a menu. They both ordered something, before they moved back to their conversation. It all went so smooth, like they had known each other for years.
They played for another hour until Jarvis came to get him, telling Tony it was time to go home. Jarvis had to prepare dinner and mister Stark had another meeting tonight, so he couldn't be late. Tony said goodbye to his new friend, told him that he had had a lot of fun, before he grabbed Jarvis' hand and walked home. Tony was babbling the entire way home, telling about the fun things he'd done and how awesome his new friend was. Jarvis smiled and ruffled his hair. He was surprised to find sand in there. Tony didn't like getting dirty, mostly because he hated baths, but today he had forgotten about everything and just played.
Life had become hell. He hated this new place, he missed his A.I. that helped him with everything, his robots were in pieces and he couldn't find the right parts to repair them, and his cooking was terrible compared to the meals he got served at home. How did anyone live like this? How did they find time to do all these stupid, useless, things?
Steve was a little nervous. He was a bit early in the restaurant and he was surrounded by couples, who’s tables were covered with flowers and candles. Everyone seemed to know he was waiting for a date, and with every minute that past, Steve felt more uncomfortable. It felt like people were looking at him, like they were pitying him, and he felt like a fool, sitting there with that white flower in his breast pocket. He didn’t even know who he was waiting for!
Tony smiled as he looked out of the window. They reached the last station. He got up and wanted to pick up his luggage, but then he realized his only luggage were his memories.
Tony walked upstairs and immediately regretted it. It were a lot of stairs to get to the top of the tower. Flying had been so much easier. He was panting by the time he stepped into Steve's room.
Everyone gathered their things and got up from their chairs. They greeted each other and left the room. Tony walked back to his desk, the meeting had been in his office, and peeked over his shoulder to catch a glimpse of that ass again. Only to look straight into Steve's eyes. Or more like straight at those perfect pecs, because Steve was so damn tall.
‘So, what do you think, is it all going to be easy peasy?’ Clint asked. ‘They gave you jobs like this before, right? You never died, so..’
Meanwhile inside Natasha was watching the two men through the window. ‘Seems like Stark is reliving his teenage years,’ she commented.
‘Where is the coffee place you were talking about?’ James asked. ‘You made it sound like it was heaven on earth.’
Steve couldn't reply. Tony was back already. He came to sit a lot closer to Steve and started touching him. Nothing dirty, just his arms and shoulders, pushing his hair back. Steve let him. He just hoped Tony wouldn't notice how fast his heart was beating.
‘I know,’ Tony grinned before he shut his faceplate. He picked up some snow, made a perfect snow ball out of it and threw it towards the lava. It never reached the lava, because it splashed against an invisible wall, not too far from the moat.
Lauren couldn't stop laughing. Steve could hear Sam groan in a very frustrated way. His grin only grew wider.
Tony groaned again. When Steve was gone he grabbed the pillow and curled up under the sleeping bag. It was still uncomfortable, but he slumbered a little, not really sleeping, not completely awake. He only woke up again when Steve zipped open the tent an hour later. Tony sat up and rubbed the sleep out of his eyes.
Tony had been worried. Rhodey was an amazing guy, sweet and caring and everything a woman could want! If he broke up with his wife, then there was no hope for Tony, who was a sarcastic ass, who always forgot their anniversaries, and who was working way too hard. Of course Steve had found out about his fear and he had laughed about it! The bastard had laughed!
‘Hi,’ Tony answered, like he hadn’t just been staring at the man’s body. ‘I’m Tony. I’m an emergency surgeon. Have you just started here? Please tell me they didn’t make Christmas eve your first shift for this hospital!’
‘Thanks,’ chuckled Steve. ‘But I heard you had a rough night. Everybody else rushed off to spend Christmas with their family, I just wanted to check if you’re okay.’
Steve sighed. He had tried begging before, multiple times, but he hardly ever got enough money to buy himself some food, let alone pay rent or buy the meds he so desperately needed. He could also do without the annoying comments and the scoffing when he asked people for some change. Sometimes people even pushed him away, though most of them were afraid to touch a ‘hobo’ like him. That hurt more than any of his health issues.
‘I can’t. I have a meeting with the director after you,’ Clint said. ‘It might take a while, I think he wants to see my abilities for himself.’
The two blonds left, talking excitedly about their love for dogs and how these dogs were super cute and well behaved. Tony sighed. He dropped the armor and followed Natasha as she gave him a room.
They sat down in the slightly wet sand and started building. Soon they had a castle and a dragon and they were arguing who of them should play the princess. In the end they decided to both be princes and to slay the dragon together. With sticks they stabbed the sandy monster, until it fell apart and half destroyed their castle. They were about to build a new dragon when Steve's mother called him. For a few moments Tony was disappointed, he wanted to play some more, until Steve returned with candy. Tony's eyes lit up. His parents never gave him candy, it was unhealthy. Steve didn't have much, but he happily shared it. Tony gladly accepted. They ate it with their sandy hands, but it tasted better than anything he ever had before.
‘The sun is already setting,’ he said. He looked a little shocked, his eyes had widened and he couldn’t sit still anymore. The others noticed, but didn’t say anything. They simply finished their food and rested a little.
They found the car Fury had prepared for them, with a map and directions. Tony climbed behind the wheel and Clint sat down in the passenger seat. Luckily Clint was good with maps and he had a natural sense of direction, so they easily found their way to the Shield base. It was freezing and even with their thick coats they still felt cold. Tony reminded himself of all the stupid super heroes in his house. When he would finish this job he would get his tower back! This was all going to be worth it! It better be worth it!
‘Good thing I bought you a present then,’ Tony laughed. ‘You’ll get it after dinner. I really wanna eat your sushi. Have I ever told you it’s as good as that of the Japanese sushi chef I once hired for a birthday party?’
'In an hour or two,' said Tony as he checked his watch. 'So I have to hurry and call Pepper about the meeting I was supposed to go to.'
Tony took a bite anyway and smiled as Buddy was very critical about the shape as well and also complained about the taste.
'Thanks,' Steve said with a smile. He didn't let anyone see how nervous he was, but his heart was beating fast and his palms were sweaty.
‘They are,’ James said. ‘My place is at the end of this street. Maybe you can join me on my bike one day and find out for yourself what it feels like.’
'So, when is the wedding?' Natasha asked. She grinned when Tony's face went pale, while Steve’s got red.
'I'm ready, but you seem distracted,' Olivia chuckled. 'Are you thinking about Tony? You always get hearts in your eyes when you're near him. Do you feel cursed already? Unreachable love, because you're a prostitute, but you wouldn't have met him if you hadn't been a prostitute?'
The moment the guy looked at Steve, Steve felt his cheeks heat up. He really needed to get himself under control! He put on a smile and raised his hand to greet the other guy. The closer the guy came, the more nervous Steve got. He really was a beautiful man. Steve never really cared about facial hair on a guy, but this man had a neatly trimmed goatee, and he rocked it. He had a wonderful olive complexion and dark hair that had a slight curl to it. But his eyes stood out most. They were a beautiful shade of brown and his eyelashes would make any woman jealous.
'Hello handsome new neighbor, I didn't know you moved in,' Tony said, smirking. 'I have a present for you, to welcome you in the neighborhood. I hope you like it.'
'Our living room, bedroom, and my workshop are filled with paintings of me already,' Tony grinned. 'Where will we have to put this?'
‘Why do you need my help then? Need me to go shopping with you and dress you up like prince charming? I can do that. I’m pretty much a fairy godmother.’
Tony walked in and saw Steve had changed into casual clothes. His uniform was neatly folded on the bed.
Tony was so surprised that James agreed that he almost forgot to answer. ‘Eh…yeah, no, no problem at all. My car is the red one over there.’
Fuck it, Steve was going to do this. His best friend Bucky used to tell him to go big or go home. This was one of those moments. If he was going to jail, then why not go to jail for trying to steal from a billionaire? Steve turned around and entered the tower. Thankfully it was crowded inside. The lower floors were offices and laboratories and all the people working there entered through the main entrance. The hall was big and light. On the right was a desk where two security guys were joking together. Steve used his invisibility to good use. He was so small and insignificant that people never looked twice. Normally it bothered him when people overlooked him, but now he managed to blend in without the security guys even noticing him.
'No, Buddy is a nice guy, but we have very different ways of working. It's always loud in his kitchen, a lot of chaos. I prefer a more relaxed atmosphere. It would have been a great opportunity, but my real dream is to have my own bakery.'
Steve smiled. 'No, all of my clients were my colleagues. We talked, shared information, and discussed cases in the bedroom. Nothing happened.'
Suddenly there was a bright light surrounding Steve. Tony shielded his eyes and for a few seconds he couldn't see anything. When he opened them again Steve was gone and there stood a big golden dragon in his place. Tony's eyes widened. Slowly he got up and touched the scales. It wasn't an illusion, it was real.
After a while, it became colder. Too cold to stay in the water, so they got out and wrapped themselves in their towels. They took a shower and got dressed again before heading to the television room. There was no one there, so they fell down on an old, but comfy, couch together and watched some silly New Zealandish show. Tony made fun of it and gave sarcastic remarks that made Steve laugh.
'That explains why my father was always asking questions about you. He wanted to know everything and forbade me to see you. Good thing I was never very good at following his rules! But this also explains why you got all those feathers when I tried to make wings all those years ago. You ate all those chickens, didn't you?'
They kept glancing in the direction of Julia and after about ten minutes she finally made her way to the bar. Steve and Tony were practically wrapped around each other by that time, but with Julia around they stepped away from each other a little.
'You'd like to know that, wouldn't you!' Sam laughed. 'Last thing he said was not to tell you that you're his type. It might explain why he got all handsy with you yesterday. But you have no excuse for looking at his ass all the time. You do know we see whatever you see, right?'
Steve sprinted away, like he wasn't wearing ten centimeter heels. Tony ran as fast as he could, but within no time he got behind and Steve was out of sight.
The man let go. Tony pulled his arms back. He wish he could rub his shoulders, but he wasn’t going to take his suit off in front of this lunatic.
He stepped out of the train. The sky was blue as Steve's eyes, the hills were green and the little village was filled with beautiful white houses. This wasn't so bad.
‘At least turn your lights on,’ the archer suggested. ‘I was going to get some food, want to come? Or should I bring you something? I can run and get us some burgers or something. I don’t think you’re ready for sushi yet.’
When he was studying some of the brush strokes on one of the paintings, Steve suddenly felt an arm around his waist. He was about to slap it off and tell the owner to behave, but before he could a voice begged him not to hit him.
'But we found out that kids think it's boring,' Tony sighed. 'They don't wanna do science alone. They liked the idea of workshops, but not when they have to do things on their own. We just went over the report!'
‘Thanks,’ Steve answered, a smile on his face. ‘Guess your ex really lost interest in showing off his beautiful new girlfriend. We didn’t see him all night.’
Steve chuckled. 'He is a very charming man, but that won't happen. He was my first customer after the unhappy one. He noticed I wasn't sure about the things I was doing. I even had trouble with a blowjob, while that's my special skill. He was really kind, made me confess everything, and praised my lack of gag reflex. He gave me confidence again. Julia and Cassandra wanted to teach me some things and Tony was prepared to help. He didn't mind paying for a threesome.'
They exchanged phones and put their number in each other’s phone. Tony almost typed his own name, but he noticed his mistake just in time and changed it before he handed the phone back.
‘They’re not good,’ Steve answered. ‘It’s the reason why everyone is hanging around the bar. Seeing how the artist himself is flirting with the owner of the gallery, I assume that she gave him the time and space to show his work to the world. It’s going to cost her her reputation.’
'Please, just call me Tony,' Tony said. 'Steve, sorry for everything I just did. I mean, your donuts really are orgasmic, but if you don't want it broadcasted, I'll talk to the director and stop it. I can understand you don't want the whole country to think you're gay.'
Tony's eyes widened. 'You got to be kidding me! Get the fuck out asshole! Your reward was a contract and you got that!'
‘With this remote,’ Tony explained as he opened a window and pushed a few buttons. Within seconds the red and gold robot was making loops outside. Steve had his nose pressed against the glass, his mouth still open in surprise. He laughed when Iron Man waved at him.
'I wanted to take you to Paris, like we did on our honeymoon, but you had to work, so we're going to Paris next week,' Tony started. 'But I needed something for today as well and the bunny wasn't really enough. I cooked dinner, so I could ask you if you wanted dinner, a bath, or dessert first. The dessert being me, of course. So, what do you want first: a bath, dinner, or desert?'
A father and his daughter walked in and found a seat close by. Tony's heart ached. This wasn't a place for kids. Even her father was too young for this ride. This was for old people, like Tony. Still, the girl was happily chatting and smiling. Her father asked her to sit down, she'd get candy if she did. Immediately she took her place and looked eager at her old man. As the train took off he gave her the promised candy and she smiled brightly.
'You okay with what we're going to do?' Steve asked. 'Because if you're not, we can pick another one. No problem.'
‘I want you to be my cook,’ Tony said. ‘I want to hire you as my cook, give you a job. My last cook ran off to Europe to start her own two star restaurant and I hate cooking. I’m in serious need of a cook and you are in serious need of a job.’
‘Excuse me?’ Steve said. He didn’t think this could get any more confusing, but somehow it just did.
'Breathe, beautiful, no need to be scared, I'm here to help,' Tony said, as he sat down on the bed. He gestured Steve to do the same. 'I'm with the police, Manhattan department. I'm researching illegal prostitution. Is there anything I can help you with?'
His headquarters were in New York though. His big tower was the official headquarter with a penthouse at the top. Of course Tony lived in the penthouse, even though he was no longer the CEO of the company. His best friend Pepper took over. Tony was still the biggest shareholder though, so he still had to go to meetings now and then. But most of his time he could spend in his workshop, creating new products and inventing new things.
The next morning Tony sat half asleep at the kitchen table. He had his fifth cup of coffee, but it wasn't really strong enough to wake him up. Next to him Clint was chewing on a pancake. Natasha was just staring at her glass of juice. It wasn’t that early in the morning, but they just weren't very awake yet.
'You're one of the best painters here,' Tony said. 'Very nice. I like the skyline with my tower on it.'
Of course a car was waiting for them as they arrived at the airport. Tony's driver brought a big one, so there would be enough space with three adults in the back. Tony himself drove them to Shield, Clint, Steve and driver Happy on the backseat. Steve sat by the window and looked at the magnificent city. Things had changed so much. Everything was flashing and there were lights everywhere. It was overwhelming, but Steve wanted to walk through the chaos. He couldn't, not yet, but after he met his new boss, he definitely would!
Tony's last idea, he was eighteen by then, was a big wing like construction made of wood. It was a bit like the thing he made when he was ten, but with a few changes. This construction was way bigger than Tony was and there were several layers, so the air could go right through and lift it up in the air. For a few moments it seemed like it would work, everything went according to plan. Tony was lifted up slightly, but then the wind pushed him over and Tony crashed down, falling flat on his face, breaking the wings, and probably his nose.
Okay, so Captain America is not a villain, he was still very polite. Clint decided Steve was sick then, and sick people needed help. He opened the door even further, letting the light in. That’s when he saw it. The man sitting in the corner of the room was not the big, muscly man they brought back from the arctic. This man was small, smaller than Clint. Hell, smaller than Tony, skinny and pale. His clothes were way too big for him and hung loosely around his body.
Steve had stayed at the orphanage and Tony finished his studies at MIT, but they met in Tony's house whenever they could. Jarvis had stayed and offered Steve a room. Steve had refused, but he visited Jarvis at least once a week. Jarvis kept an eye on things while Tony was gone.
‘Please work with me,’ the guy next to Steve said. ‘I’ll give you a hundred bucks if you pretend to be my date tonight.’
'I have about a hundred questions, but I want to punch you in the face so badly that I can't even ask a single one of them,' Tony hissed.
'I'm sure some of the guys would like to give him a little tour through the kitchen,' the director answered. With some hand gestures he made some guys get Happy and guide him around.
'Well, I work at a bakery and I make different pastries every day, but my boss always asks for donuts, in case mister Stark will visit. So I figured he liked my donuts. I made them with different flavors of icing this time.'
Julia started talking, more to Steve than to Tony, but that didn't matter. He was telling his story and that's what mattered. Steve was supportive, asked questions, and made sure Julia told everything. Especially names. It was really important they got Ronan's name.  Thankfully Julia mentioned him several times and even showed his tattoo. It was all the evidence they needed, all they had to do now is let these men write an official statement at the station. That would take a whole lot of convincing though.
'I'm not. I wasn't,' Steve said as he sat down next to Tony. 'I'm a police officer, I was under cover, to see how we could catch Ronan without getting you guys in trouble. I might have lied about being a prostitute, but other than that, I was myself. I didn't plan on it, but most of you became my friends. You've been through so much, I wanted to help you to get a better life. You guys deserve it.'
‘Tony! You’ve been dating Steve for half a year and you never told me?’ Pepper asked, a bit insulted.
‘Sidekick?’ Tony asked, lowering his arms. ‘They want to be my sidekick? I’m not Batman, you know. I don’t do sidekicks. I work alone. So get the hell out of my tower, or I’ll throw you off, see how much of a hawk you are.’
‘Well, thank you for going through the trouble of taking public transport, just to look good for me,’ Tony joked. ‘And it was worth it, your hair looks very good, but I bet a motor suit and flat hair works just as well for you.’
‘I have a tower full of super heroes, I’m sure there are a few who would love to fight dragons and save your soldier in distress,’ Tony said. ‘I’m not the knight in shining armor type.’
'Nope, half of the tower I mine. I have some chalk, I can draw a line if that makes things easier for you,' the archer offered. 'But I'm not leaving, at least not until you told me why you were being an ass to Steve. He had something important he wanted to talk to you about, you just told him to piss off. He felt down all day.'
‘Not really working, heh?’ Clint shouted. ‘Maybe it can only be done from the outside? You better save your power, I’ll give it a try.’
‘Yes, I found some, but I’m not sure if they’re the same type,’ Steve said unsure. ‘I got a few other things as well, just in case, and some tools, so we can actually replace them. Here you go.’
‘Sushi?’ Tony asked when he looked at the food on the counter. ‘Is there something special tonight?’
‘You know what,’ Clint said as he grabbed his bow from his back. ‘If this is the dragon, I’ll deal with her. You go find that soldier.’
For years they met each other on the hill to create new ways to fly. As they grew older their ideas got better. They looked at dead birds to see how their wings worked and tried to recreate them. They tried to copy everything, but it just wasn’t the same on humans.
Tony peeked into the office where the voices came from. The leader of Sam's team was Stefanie. He was here!
Meanwhile Tony stood in the hallway, his hands clenched, biting his bottom lip so hard he tasted blood. He had come to ask Steve out for dinner. Just something casual, just as friends, to get to know each other, maybe more, one day. He liked Steve and he was positive Steve liked him as well. Until he overheard the conversation between Steve and Clint. He couldn’t hear everything, they were talking softly.
‘Oh my God, we’re not even on a date yet and you already want to talk to me?’ Tony groaned. ‘Great start.’
‘Oh yeah, look at you, just like a fairy godmother,’ Rhodey said sarcastically as he pointed at all the grease and disgusting stains on Tony’s clothes and skin. ‘And I can dress myself up,  thank you very much.’
‘I bet you the soldier looks scarier than the dragon!’ he laughed. ‘Genetically engineered, he must look like some weird robot or something. Something terminator-like, or maybe he is like a transformer! That would be cool. That dragon is probably a poisonous lizard that you could accidently step on. I could easily kill it with only one arrow.’
‘I’m Tony and it’s all about that guy over there,’ the guy said as he pointed to a group of people near the bar. ‘The one with the good looking woman who is fake laughing.’
‘Oh no,’ Tony groaned when he noticed Thor chatting with the receptionist. ‘Please don’t notice us, please don’t notice us, please don’t notice us!’
Steve stopped him with another kiss. There wasn't enough time to waste it on blabbering. He took Tony in his arms and kissed him again, less soft this time. He kissed him with more confidence, more force, and Tony responded eagerly. He wrapped his arms around Steve as well and licked his lips. Steve smiled a little before opening his mouth and deepening the kiss.
Clint looked up now as well, pushing his sunglasses down to get a better look. 'Is that a Captain America costume?'
‘Whatever, it was going to notice us anyway. I’m going to make another hole in the wall, so step back.’
Only thing left to do was the lightning. Steve's best friend Bucky would come over and help him with it. He was better with the technical stuff than Steve was. And of course Bucky would finally get to see Steve's masterpieces, as he called them. It embarrassed Steve to no end, much to Bucky's liking.
'No you don't,' Tony said. 'It has my name on it and the moment this is over you're leaving. Beg Fury for a job, he might make you a legal super hero.'
'No, no, no, no, no, wait a minute, Tony interrupted Fury. 'You knew it was Captain America who was locked up there? And you didn't tell us?'
'Oh Tony, tell me you're going to show you can walk on those and didn't bet on a running match with Steve,' Sam said. 'He never lost one of those!'
'Of course,' Steve answered. He followed the smaller man inside. Steve's apartment wasn't big, but this place was tiny! There was only one room, with a bed, a couch, and a table. There was a small kitchen and a ridiculously small bathroom.
‘No, it’s not, you might get sick,’ James said worried. ‘Let’s just sit down there in the corner, there is less wind there, you won’t be so cold.’
Tony walked through the hallways of the police station. Today was his last day assisting in Brooklyn. He and Rhodey had to go back to Manhattan. Tony and Sam had gone through all the information one last time, to make sure nothing was missing. Sam would handle it from there. This operation had been a great success and they were all really proud.
'Promise!' Bucky said, but the moment the exposition was opened, he made his way to Natasha. Steve didn't mind very much, there were plenty of people to talk to, maybe even potential buyers! He explained his way of working and his art to several people and asked the other students about their experiences. It was really nice and Steve enjoyed himself. He smiled as he watched his paintings. When he made them he hadn't thought they were any good, but he got a lot of compliments.
Steve put on his best smile. There were a few customers in the club already and he friendly greeted them as he made his way to the bar. He needed a drink to be able to do this. He asked the bartender for a cocktail and Steve sipped it as he looked around. Nebula walked past him and gave him thumbs up. Steve was glad he managed to fit in.
Clint picked up a bag from under the pile of dogs. Tony grabbed it. Then he noticed the sled. Steve must have carried it inside. The man really had ridiculous strength. Shaking his head Tony walked back to his room.
‘I think so, yes,’ Tony said as he took another sip of his beer. ‘I asked if he wanted a ride home and he agreed. That’s why I’m so late, had to go all the way to Brooklyn to drop him off. And no, stop grinning like that, nothing happened.’
'I guess it's more fun with a friend,' Steve agreed. 'But it's harder to find a ride if you're together, two people and their luggage take a lot of space. I do get to meet a lot of people this way, so it's never really lonely. It's fun to explore a place like this, not knowing how or even if you will arrive in the town you wanted to go. Takes a lot of planning, because I do have to end up close to a camp site every night, but that's part of the fun. A bit of a challenge.'
'Oh Tony, you know you have a special place in my heart,' Steve said, stroking Tony's cheek, making eye contact with Julia. 'You can always convince me to change my mind, handsome.'
'Do you want to talk?' Steve asked. 'I've been through a lot of shit too and I know how nice it is to have someone who listens. I won't tell anyone, don’t worry.'
‘Yeah, and the fact that you actually managed to get in here shows skill and determination,’ Tony answered as he pushed Steve into the kitchen. ‘Try cooking something for me, make enough for the both of us, I can’t stand hearing your stomach rumble like that, it makes me hungry. I’ll give you a six month trial period, but I will pay you a decent salary. You cook lunch and dinner for me and at the same time you can make some for yourself. J.A.R.V.I.S. can help you with grocery shopping and new recipes, if you need any. I’ll pay for your medication and I’ll pay your rent until you get your first paycheck. Sounds fair to you?’
‘No, you both thought I was this awesome person from your comic books, but I’m not a hero,’ Steve sighed. ‘I can’t even help anyone at night, because I turn sick and scrawny again. What kind of hero is that? I’m useless. I don’t know if director Fury knows, but I don’t know how to tell him. Do you think he will scratch the contract? The only way to resolve it is by true love’s kiss. Or that’s what they said, maybe they were joking behind my back. I feel like an idiot.’
'Hey, Tony,' Steve said, hiding behind the bushes as Tony walked to the door. Tony stopped and turned to his secret friend. 'You need magic to fly.'
‘Fuck, Clint!’ Tony hissed, he had forgotten about Clint. 'He's still fighting the dragon. Ugh, I really shouldn't have a fucking sidekick.'
'Eh,' Tony said intelligently. 'I was going to do...something. Somewhere. Something. I don't remember. I don't remember why I'm out here. So much for being a genius.'
When he got home Steve went straight to his bedroom. It had been a really long day and he was tired, he just wanted to crawl into bed and sleep. He kicked off his shoes and took off his jacket. A small piece of paper fell out of his pocket. Surprised Steve picked it up, he couldn't remember putting anything in his pocket.
The next three bakers had pretty decent pastries, but they were absolutely random and the bakers couldn't give a good reason why exactly they made them. Tony liked them, but he didn't love them. Curiously he looked at the weird brown thing of the sixth contestant.
‘Alright, alright, no need to threaten,’ Clint said, holding his hands up defensively again. ‘I’ll be on my way. What do you want me to tell the others?’
Tony chuckled. ‘That can wait, but there might be a way for us to grab some food together. If you don’t mind a greasy burger place, that is.’
Tony's eyes widened. He should have known that with someone like Steve they weren't going to make a simple boat tour. But wetsuits?
‘If your date was cancelled you could have called me and took my place instead,’ Steve said. ‘I wouldn’t have to lie to this guy.’
‘We’ll get arrested if we go outside!’ shouted a guy in red and blue spandex that was glued to the ceiling. Others agreed with him.
The robot didn't stop or slow down, instead he tried to get Steve off his back. Steve tried to hold on, but the robot went crazy and he was launched into a wall. Thankfully he could block most of the crash with his shield, but it still hurt. Steve stood back up and turned around. Agents were shooting, but bullets didn't do anything to the steal armor. Any other heroes that showed up were taken away by the police. Steve sighed, shook his head, and ran to Natasha.
'You want to work in your lab every free hour of every day, so nothing new there,' sighed Pepper, the CEO of Tony's company, but also still acting a bit like his personal assistant now and then. He couldn't do anything without her help. 'Do you really not remember you promised to be on that baking show 'The Next Great Baker'?'
When a guy in jeans and a black jacket walked in Sam gave a warning. That was their man from uniformed police. Slowly Steve made his way towards the guy and smiled at him. He felt stupid as he tried to make his movements look seductive.
Rhodey sighed. ‘Don’t you understand? If he Googles my name he will find my Facebook and my LinkedIn and he will see that it’s not your picture on there, but mine. He won’t know we’re friends, because you don’t have a profile on either of those websites, so what will he thing? He’ll think you stole some random name and used it to get him. This won’t end well, Tones. You’ve really gotta talk to him.’
‘Yes!’ Steve said angrily as he put the beer on the table with a little too much force, before he stood up. ‘He is nice, he is funny, he is hot and yes he paid for the dinner. He is absolutely perfect, so you better text him the address of a coffee place, because you’re meeting him this Sunday.’
Clint wanted to take a closer look, but Tony stopped him. ‘All the people who have been here died, I wouldn’t get too close if I were you. Let’s throw something in to see if it’s really lava.’
Natasha got up and brushed some imaginary dust from herself. She eyed Tony wearily, but trusted Steve's judgment.
'No, my old man always insisted that dragons didn't exist, even though I could see them. He insisted it were illusions,' Tony sighed.
'Rhodey is only in town for a few days, that's way more important than any meeting!' Tony stated. 'What are you painting? You keep smiling, show me!'
'I'm sorry you had to find out like this,' Tony said as he walked further into the room. 'You saved the world, but nobody knows about it. You risked your life, but didn't get any credit. You should have been an icon, something that would bring people hope. They should have been told that you would come back if you were needed. They should have brought you back, you have been needed. But if you are as cool as you're portrayed in the comics, people will love you. Did you really punch Hitler in the face?'
‘I can imagine,’ Fury continued. ‘I’m sure Stark told you something about what you will be doing here? You will be officially assigned as my bodyguard, but I need you to help and keep the world safe. Hydra is not completely gone, once we had aliens on our doorstep, and there are a whole lot of crazy people around who think they can take over the world. You will be helping us to catch them, Captain.’
‘We found out something, right?’ Clint said. ‘The arrow is stuck in there, so maybe it’s just an invisible wall or something. Can arrows get stuck in force fields?’
Tony gave his friend an angry glare. ‘It was love at first sight. The poor guy didn’t stand a chance, there were hearts in his eyes from the moment he looked at me. It had nothing to do with you.’
Steve took Tony’s card out of his wallet and looked at the private number that was scribbled on it. He would send Tony a message as soon as he was back. The moment the plane arrived at the gate Steve pulled his phone from his pocket and turned it on.
'You work at my bakery?' Tony asked surprised. 'I searched the entire city for the best donuts and Fury is an ass, but his donuts are orgasmic! Are you telling me you're the one making them?'
'What? I don't get to chose myself?' Tony asked, anger bubbling up inside him. 'I'm not done studying yet. There is so much more to learn and to do! I'm not getting married yet.'
'Stefanie and I can help with that,' Tony said. 'Try to keep them calm, guide them through the right doors, so they won't end up mixed with the guards. We can do that. We just gotta make sure not too many have gone upstairs yet. We don't want to drag a bunch of naked clients out of there.'
He shot of a few arrows in the direction of the woman, but she jumped out of the way before they could hit her. Now that Clint knew what he was dealing with, he started moving as well. He used the furniture as a shield to shoot more arrows her way.
'Yeah, sorry about that,' Tony said. 'I think people forgot about you, because the guy who sent us has the biggest intelligence organization in the world, but he wasn't even sure if you were real. He could only tell people had died trying to get in here. Whoever was in charge of you and this place did do a very good job.'
‘Shut up, Barton. Why do you even need this soldier, Fury?’ Tony asked. ‘If you’re going to do more experiments on him, I’m not even going to discuss this any further. If you’re going to lock him up here in your headquarters, the same. Super heroes aren’t allowed anymore. Why do you need him?’
It was all very clear for Tony. Steve was talking about him. Steve thought he wasn’t a hero, just a man in a flying armor, nothing special. Not a real hero. Tony walked away, fingernails digging in the palms of his hands. He didn’t care, he fucking didn’t need Captain America. This had just been a job to get rid of those losers that took over his tower. As long as Fury got those out of his house, he had what he wanted. Tony walked away and pretended he didn’t care.
‘Natasha does that to everyone,’ Steve answered. ‘She tried to make me date pretty much all of her friends and only stopped when I told her I was waiting for misses or mister right. She moved on to Sam then, he was single too and he actually enjoyed meeting new people. He has been on a few hundred dates and he is still single. Nat isn’t the best matchmaker in town.’
As he ate another donut, he thought about Steve. He liked the man. He had humour, looked good, and more importantly, he treated Tony like any other person. But he couldn't ask him on a date. There had been too many people around. At least one of them would have leaked to the press and he would be called a playboy again. He wasn't, not anymore. He wanted people to stop treating him like one. It was his own fault, he knew that, but that didn’t make it any easier.
Rhodey laughed. ‘Sure, sure, I believe you. Good luck on your next date with mister handsome, James.’
'Jeans aren't very comfortable though, even if they're short,' Steve said as he searched through his bag. He found a pair of pajama bottoms. 'You can wear these.'
'That's what my boss told me,' Tony said as he put on his suit again. 'The castle doesn't really help, you know, it looks like something from a fairytale. Natasha is the dragon and you're the upgraded damsel in distress. Now help me get Clint out of her claws.'
Tony laughed. 'I didn't have much of a choice, so no worries. This is going to be a new experience! I was just like a normal guy until I told you, so don't go treating me differently now. I like how down to earth you are.'
Thankfully Tony was great at distracting himself. He repaired his robots with the freshly bought new parts, installed his A.I. everywhere in the house, and came up with a great idea for a new phone. It was only luck that he spotted the blond man again about a week later. Tony hadn't slept all night and was staring out of the window while sipping his coffee.
‘No, my father died when I was really young, I don’t even remember much of him anymore,’ Steve answered. ‘My mother died a few years later and I ended up in an orphanage. When I turned eighteen I rented a place with my best friend. He joined the military and for a while we had some money, but he was killed in combat. I’ve been on my own ever since.’
'I'm gonna make it quick, I have a conference call in five minutes,' Tony explained, checking his Rolex. 'Pastries, I need pastries. They taste good, and you can eat them quickly in between two meetings. Or bring a box full of them to meetings, to share, or not. So yeah, pastries. You know what I like. How long do they have, Buddy?'
‘Could you be anymore vague?’ Tony asked. ‘What the hell are you looking for and why is it so dangerous?’
But not so much of a policeman that he would drive separate from the other guys in drag. He got in the back of the van as well and calmed the guys down that were panicking. They were afraid they'd be kicked out of the country, because they illegally entered it. Steve tried to tell them it would be alright.
'Why do you think I need help?!' Steve asked, crossing his arms. 'I know perfectly well what I'm doing.'
'Yeah, if you prefer talking to me instead of any of my colleagues, we just do that,' Steve answered.
‘I slept on the plane, so I’m good. How about we drop my luggage and you take me out for coffee then? I haven’t had a proper cup of coffee for weeks!’
But he could only fill a small part of the construction with feathers. It looked disappointing and Tony frantically searched for more, but with no succes. He could only hope that Steve would have more luck.
'Being too serious?' Bucky asked. 'Yeah, Stefanie is really good in his work and he wants you to talk to Julia again. Go there tonight and let her approach you. Stefanie will be really grateful.'
His policeman for the night hadn't shown up yet. It was only ten o clock, but on Saturdays it got crowded early. Every time the door opened Steve looked up, but it never was their man. He could hear Sam shouting orders, trying to contact the guy from uniform that was supposed to show up.
'We wanted to tell you something, mom,' Steve continued. 'Tony and I...Tony is my boyfriend. Has been for a few months. I...'
‘Fucking hell, when I found him in that tower the first thing he asked me if I was his true love. He mentioned it like a hundred times or something, I thought he was just desperate after seventy years of celibacy. Oh fuck man, Captain America is just a scrawny guy at night.’
Tony’s eyes widened. He didn’t know what he had expected, but this was not it! There were people on every square centimeter of the ground floor. And not just the floor. Some were chilling on the ceiling or stuck to the walls. It was insane how crowded it was. Tony could hardly get out of the elevator. He had to push people aside to make his way through. Luckily he was in his armor, that way he was broader and looked a bit more impressive than he did in his underwear and with his hair pointing in all directions. He walked to the reception desk, climbed on top of it and opened his faceplate.
Clint knocked on Steve's door, but there was no reply. He knocked again, harder this time, but still nothing. Clint called his new friend, but Steve didn't respond. That wasn't normal. Clint knocked once more, but when there still was no sound, Clint tried the door. It was open. He pushed it further open, peeking inside. The curtains were closed and the lights were off, so was really dark inside, Clint couldn't see a thing.
‘I can fly,’ said Tony, rolling his eyes, but Clint couldn’t see that. ‘I’ll fly to the bridge and let it down for you. We’ll make another hole in the wall there, so when we get back, we still know where to get through. Stay here, I’ll be done in a moment.’
'Good evening,' he greeted the others. He was lucky, Olivia was already there, while Lauren was not. He was determined to become Steve's friend for some reason.
‘It wouldn’t have been necessary if I had been on my own,’ Tony said. ‘Let’s move on. The quicker we finish this, the quicker we can go back again.’
‘Tones, are you done already?’ Rhodey asked as he knocked on the door of Tony’s bedroom. ‘You have to be at the restaurant in half an hour. Please tell me you’re dressed. Please tell me you’re not sleeping.’
'It's good to see you like yourself,' Tony smirked. 'More my type now. No more plush titties, still a great ass.'
‘I’m sure you’d still look great,’ Steve said. ‘You have to keep training if you want to stay in the air force, right? You can probably eat a lot and still don’t gain weight. How else would you get such muscles?’
‘Yeah, the birdie could attack me too! Oh, I’m so scared!’ Anthony laughed. ‘Not going to ever let you forget this, Obi. This is the funniest thing I’ve seen in a very long time. You’re not getting rid of me, or this story! Too funny!’
A raster in the ceiling was pushed aside and a guy dressed in black and purple dropped from the vents, landing on his feet, a few meters away from Tony. He was wearing sunglasses and carried a bow and arrows on his back. The guy held up his hands, showing that he wasn’t there to fight.
‘What are you suggesting?’ Tony asked as he sat down in one of the chairs. It creaked under the weight or the armor.
The next morning Steve was up early. An agent helped him find his way to the gym and the breakfast hall, in that order. When he was eating toast, eggs and lots of bacon, Clint walked into the room, not very awake yet.
Steve posed for a few pictures as he listened to Sam's explanation of the tech. The photos weren't professional, but they weren't supposed to be. It was a bit awkward, trying to look sexy in front of his friends and colleagues, but it was good practice. He had to learn to act more feminine, so trying to show off his non-existent curves was a nice start. When Steve was done it was Natasha's turn. They discussed their characters, so they wouldn't make any stupid mistakes once they were in the field. They got new names, addresses, and a whole new set of background information. They walked out of the door as a different person.
Tony groaned. It was way too early for things like this. He didn’t even had coffee yet! He walked to his coffee machine, yes he had one in his bedroom too, and made himself a very strong cup. He downed it in one go before he walked to the elevator and gestured Clint to get in as well. They got themselves to the ground floor and the doors slowly slid open.
'Cut!' shouted the director and with that all the cameras turned off. Immediately everyone started talking and all the contestants wanted to try each other’s pastries. The director cut the chatter off and told everyone to go to the elimination room. Tony, Buddy and Mauro sat down behind a desk, Tony had the donuts in front of him and was munching on one, as the bakers lined up in front of them. The camera crew took their place again, and a few minutes later they were filming again.
‘One of my friend just told me she arranged this for me,’ Steve said. ‘Her name is Natasha Romanov. She’s been trying to get all her single friends dates. My friends complain about it, but I don’t really mind. It’s nice to meet new people.’
Tony quickly poured two cups from his super deluxe coffee machine, and handed Steve one of them. He opened the box and took one of the donuts, before offering one to Steve.
'I never really did any weird things, but something strange happened when I was invited by a couple,' Steve told as he changed into his jeans. At the same time he checked Lauren's arms for tattoos. 'It was her fantasy to de done by two guys at the same time. So we did that. Super uncomfortable, but they both finished, so I guess they liked it. I was still hard, so I tried to get it back in my pants, but the guy noticed and asked me if I could do him. Secret fantasy. So I did. The girl comes back with towels to clean up, and gets super pissed. She broke up with her boyfriend while I was still inside. She ran out of the house and disappeared.'
‘I made a few sketches for a possible mascot,’ Steve said, a tad nervous, as he passed some papers around. ‘We talked about a superhero, saving the world with his science skills. Based on that I made this guy, Iron Man. He is an engineer and made himself a suit of armor with all kinds of cool things to stop criminals. Like lasers and stuff. He can also fly, with jet boots, that’s how he keeps an eye on the city. That’s all I could come up with. I don’t really know enough about engineering to make it more realistic.’
‘Because I feel like Pepper is going to set me up with a guy, and unlike you, I’m only into girls,’ Rhodey explained. ‘She said ‘you’ll love it, he’s great’. You don’t say that when it’s a girl.’
'Come over tomorrow at seven-thirty pm and bring one of those outfits,' Ronan said. 'We'd like to see how you'll handle things. If you do well, my assistant will give you a contract. It's a shame I can't be there myself to see it, I'm out of the country, but Nebula rules this place when I'm gone. Good luck, Scott, I'd like to see you again. You're a nice addition to our club.'
'Liv, are you feeling alright?' Steve asked as he walked Olivia home. The guy limped. That happened before, but this time he also had visible bruises. Steve remembered Olivia took two guys upstairs who had been bragging about their new tattoos. The tattoos of Ronan's gang. Olivia hadn't said a word since she came back. She hadn’t had any other customers the rest of the night either.
'Amazing, you're going to finish your test day with the highest scores! Keep this up and you'll get a job for the weekends!'
Tony took his hand luggage and walked away. He turned around once to give a small wave. Steve grinned and waved back. When Tony had disappeared behind the doors Steve hoisted his backpack over his shoulder and went to find a ride.
Steve immediately got up from his chair. 'Alright team, we need clothes, tech, and a way into two of the clubs we've been researching. I want two clubs by tonight. Let's try to get in there by the weekend. That also means we need some of you as customers! Sam, we're going to discuss how we're going to handle it. Natasha, Bucky, you guys do the same, I want a report about it before the end of the day! That's it, let's get to work!'
Tony called his suit and in a minute it wrapped around his body. He was about to fly off when he noticed Clint had his bow in his hands.
‘It’s not,’ Steve answered, not intimidated at all. ‘It’s my friend’s bird. It escaped and I helped him look for it. It never attacked anyone before. So, how can my friend and I make up for it?’
‘Thank you,’ Steve said, sounding very relieved. He stood up from the table and went to one of the rooms. He locked himself in there and didn’t come out again.
'Nah, only if you're from around there. I live in Manhattan. Tony Stark, nice to meet you. Do you have a car, maybe?'
It was two weeks later when Tony noticed the strange coffee cup between his mugs. Sam's coffee cup. Tony took it from the shelf and hurried to his neighbor. He acted like he hadn’t seen the motor cycle in the front yard. Steve was there! Tony may or may not have programmed his A.I. to tell him whenever Steve was around.
‘That’s not very nice,’ Clint said, a pout on his face, that slowly turned into a grin. ‘But you can’t change it, the doors are closed, we’re on our way! Please sit down and fasten your seatbelts, we’re almost ready for departure!’
But then Steve had told him all good things come to an end, even Rhodey's family. But they didn't have to worry about it, Tony didn't have to worry. Their love was a bad love, they had been told so many times, and bad things lasted forever.
‘We’re not all from New York, so it doesn’t, actually,’ Tony said. ‘And we’re avenging the people of New York, who keep getting attacked by aliens and robot bugs. The poor people can’t do anything on their own, so we avenge them. I like it.’
'Park the van with the backside against the door,' he said. 'There is plenty of space. It will shield them off from the press.'
‘Not on purpose,’ Tony answered. ‘Never on purpose, Rhodey-bear. I love you so much more than some girl. Bros before hoes.’
‘Shut up,’ Tony interrupted. ‘I told you I work alone. I work alone because I like to be left alone. So you either shut up, or I’ll ask the pilot to crash this plane into the ocean!’
Fury ignored the two of them.  'If it works out we're going to start other groups in other cities. The six of you are an experiment. As for introductions, you all know Iron Man and Captain America from the news, Natasha Romanoff, code name Black Widow, familiar with a lot of different fighting styles, Clint Barton, also known as Hawkeye, he is an archer, Thor Odinson, he can control thunder, and Bruce Banner, who sometimes changes into an enormous green rage monster.'
'Steve, donuts aren't easy to make, but yours look perfect and they taste exactly how they should taste. But most importantly, you pleased your client.'
Steve sat down on the bed next to Olivia and wrapped an arm around his shoulders. He tried his best to comfort the other man.
‘Last week you said I should get married and now you’re trying to make me abandon the cutest guy in New York. Make up your mind.’
Steve chuckled. He was about to walk into the bathroom when there was a knock on the door. Steve opened it and let Clint and Natasha in. Natasha looked at Steve, then at Tony,  and smiled before she sat down. Clint dropped in a chair.
'You sound happy,' Tony said, his face was resting on the table, but Steve could hear the muffled words.
Steve was flirting with a policeman when Tony walked in. Tony waved, a big grin on his face. Steve winked at him, before turning back to his 'client'. He did keep an eye on Tony though, to make sure he found Julia, until he noticed Nebula's glare. Steve quickly went upstairs and didn't see Tony anymore afterwards.
‘That still doesn’t explain why I haven’t seen you around,’ Tony said. ‘But I did hear it has already saved lives.’
Tony stepped forward and knelt down next to Steve. 'I will take care of him, Mrs Rogers. He can live with me, no problem. I'm going to take care of him.'
Tony wasn’t so sure it was going to be fun, so he held himself tightly when Clint stepped on the back of the sled and made the dogs run. It didn’t all go very smooth in the beginning. The dogs walked in a different pace, so the sled went from left to right, almost making Tony nauseous. After a few minutes Clint figured out how to keep the dogs under control though and things were going a lot better. Tony dared to let go and take a map, to see if they were going in the right direction. There was only snow and ice everywhere, but with a little help from the sun he figured out there were going the right way.
Mountain biking, something manly, just two friends on a trip, nothing suspicious, but they would have some time together. No one would recognize them, no one would disturb them, no one would suspect anything. They parked the car, took the bikes out and went on their way to the top.
‘Yeah, I’ll be there,’ Steve said as he took a sip from his own coffee. ‘But why did I have to run here?’
‘Can I at least wear my leather jacket, or isn’t that good enough either?’ Steve asked with a sigh as he buttoned up the dark blue shirt. He knew this combination looked great, but this wasn’t his date he was going on, it was Bucky’s date.
‘I will let all those so called heroes in your tower do some tests and take on the ones that are good enough. I’ll spread them over our offices all over the country and let them all guard a city of their own, like you handle New York. The ones that aren’t good enough, they will have to go back to their old life, before spandex happened.’
'That's sweet,' Steve said, a nervous smile on his face. 'But I don't like it if I can't lead my team and they're in danger.'
They chatted for about an hour before Jack left. Steve smudged his make up a little, wrinkled his dress, and tangled the wig a bit, like it had been a mess and he had tried to fix it as quickly as possible. He hoped the others would believe him.
‘Okay, you’re right, thanks for doing this,’ Bucky said. ‘You look great. Now go and get that dude for me!’
‘No, we’re not going to do this again, are we?’ Clint groaned. ‘You know, Tony, I’m pretty tired as well. I’ve been driving that sled for hours, I’d like to sleep a little as well.’
'We have rooms,' Natasha said quickly, before they could start a fight. 'We'll make some food for tonight and get some sleep.'
'Ronan's men are trying to get him out through a back door,' Tony whispered. 'Some of them are fighting your colleagues. The blue-haired girl behind the bar is fast! That Bucky guy can give nice punches with his left arm.'
'Dragon?' Steve asked. 'You're calling Natasha a dragon? Don't say that to her face, she'll skin you alive. With good reason.'
While Buddy was talking, Tony couldn’t stop eyeing the plate of donuts.  They looked so damn tasty and Steve had promised he made icing in different flavors. It would be a waste not to try them all. Tony couldn't stop himself. He approached the blond and took another donut.
The receptionist told Tony that mister Fury didn’t have much time, but that he could go up and talk to him if he made it quick. Tony didn’t waste any time and made his way to the director’s office.
Behind him the robot got squashed like a giant bug. The sounds of metal being crushed was so loud Steve had to cover his ears. Instinctively he pulled up his shield and closed his eyes. He knew he should be watching, but bits of robot and the building were flying around and there was a lot of dust. He didn't see how one of the robot arms was cut off and launched in his direction. Seconds before he was hit he opened his eyes and he tried to  scramble out of the way.
‘What happened?’ he asked. ‘Wait, no, this has something to do with you always wanted to get a place to sleep when it started to get dark outside? Are you like this every night?’
With that said she walked away. As she waited for the elevator she looked back at the two guys in the kitchen and smiled when she saw Tony hugging Steve from behind. Yeah, they were good for each other.
‘Well, Steve, that sounds amazing, but you’re still soaked, and I wasn’t kidding when I said I didn’t want you to catch a cold,’ Tony answered as he shook Steve’s hand. He didn’t let go.
He stood still when he felt warm air surrounding him. Steve looked up to see he was standing next to Stark Tower. The irony. He was standing next to the building of the richest person in New York. Tony Stark owned a huge multinational company, his products were sold, and loved, all over the planet, he owned several houses, wore clothes that cost more than a month of Steve’s rent, and his car collection was insane. Oh how would Steve love to pickpocket that man. Selling a pair of Starks famous sunglasses would probably give him enough money to buy food for a month. Some people were crazy about Stark and his products. Steve didn’t really understand it, but then again, he never had enough money to actually buy any of those products.
'Mom, Tony is here,' Steve said softly. He had knelt down next to her bed and stroked her hair out of her face.
Tony stepped inside and looked at the tall blond man that was leaning against the desk. He looked completely different from the man in drag, except for his smile.
Behind the scenes Clint was frantically searching for the sister and Sam contacted Rhodey and Bucky with the new information. Steve had done it.
‘No, tonight you are James Rhodes,’ Rhodey answered. ‘Don’t add too much Tony Stark to your James Rhodes, it’s not giving the blind date a good image.’
'Nah, most of the new super heroes are losers,' Clint said. 'And all of them, except us, are illegal now. The heroes ended up making more trouble than the evil masterminds.'
'Would you have me on your team as well?' Tony asked, ignoring Clint who was sticking his tongue out.
'Yeah, we get to work together, we're not hanging out together,' Tony stated. 'Get out of my house and go back to Shield or something.'
Steve placed the box on the ground between them and together they went to work. They had to change a few small things to actually make the spark plugs fit in there, but Tony knew enough about cars to make it work. It wasn’t easy though and it took quiet a long time. They were having fun though, they laughed about the differences between this age and the one where Steve was born. They told stories about cars they had driven and stupid things they had seen on their trips. Tony told about the many cars he owned and Steve was really curious to see them, or maybe even drive them. Tony promised to invite him over some day.
Steve laughed as well. 'No, but planes back then looked so different. It's beautiful. Last time I was on a plane I had to crash it in the ocean. Almost got myself killed.'
He needed a plan, and fast. The sun was already setting and Steve didn’t have much time left. Maybe he could open a fire hydrant and aim the water at the robot with his shield. Or at the electricity cable, but that could be dangerous for the people around as well. His only other plan was to drop a building on top of the robot and crush it. It was confirmed that one of the damaged buildings was empty. He’d had to make the robot hit the building again to make it fall. And he had to make it hit the building at exactly the right spot, or it would fall in another direction, and that would be absolutely useless.
‘Hmmm, you were right, this is heaven on earth,’ James moaned as he chewed on his pastry. ‘This is delicious. If this place was near my house I’d be here every day and get super fat.’
The five men stepped forward and uniformed police went through their bags. They took the drugs out before they put all the clothes back in and returned the bags to their owners.
‘I thought I just had to entertain your back up date,’ Steve grumbled. ‘Why do I have to try and seduce them? If they like me for my ass, they’re definitely not going to like you. Your ass is non-existing.’
‘In the very heterosexual world of art buyers that is not going to help me,’ Steve answered. ‘And stop looking at it. Pretend you’re interested in the art.’
Tony smirked. He leaned forward as well and pressed his lips against Steve's. It was nice indeed, but when he wanted to push things a little further there was a sudden light in the dark room. Tony opened  his eyes and moved back. It was Steve, he was glowing! Steve's eyes were wide as he looked at his hands. The light only turned brighter, until it was so bad Tony had to shield his eyes. Only seconds later the light was gone again. When Tony opened his eyes it was tall Steve who sat in front of him.
‘I was there a few months ago and this guy was harassing one of the girls. She obviously wasn’t interested, she told him to go away, but he wouldn’t listen. I punched him in the face. The staff kicked us out, no fighting allowed. I heard that the girl defended me, but they wouldn’t let me back in ever again.’
When the parachute didn't work they tried changing it into a balloon-like shape. At first they couldn't get air inside it, but Tony found a way to fix that. Cold air didn't do the job though, and they didn't know how to get hot air in the balloon once it was a few meters up in the air. The hot air escaped and the balloon came crashing down again. It was really frustrating.
Unfortunately the night ended with four drunk teenagers that crashed against a parked car. Only one of them made it to the hospital alive, and Tony hadn’t been able to safe him. Merry fucking Christmas to their parents. At least the police would be the ones talking to the parents, so Tony could get changed and go home. Delivering bad news on days like this was even harder than it was on regular days.
Sam walked back into the kitchen, muttering something about not being their maid, but both men in the living room knew he was only acting like it bothered him. Sam loved taking care of people.
'So, I know you like girls,' Ryan grinned. 'Don't we all? So I made cupcakes, but in the shape of a woman. I made the women out of fondant.'
Buddy agreed. He gave his opinion about the texture and the taste and agreed with the color. Cupcakes were supposed to be fun. A simple white cream instead of brown could have done the job already, and they would still have looked sophisticated.
'You have seen me naked,' Steve laughed. 'I don't have wings. But I like you, I want to help you, angel or not.'
‘Keep your mind off things you have been through while you were in the army?’ James asked, suddenly serious.
Tony rubbed his eyes. He really wasn’t ready for this. Slaying a dragon and getting some super scary soldier from the arctic, no problem, but with an idiot like Barton, impossible! He wanted to strangle the man. Nobody would miss him, right? He should just do it already, grab one of his Iron Man gloves and shoot. No, that would blow a hole in his plane and he kind of liked his jet. Luckily the crew brought them food and that shut Clint up for at least fifteen minutes. Tony enjoyed the peace as long as it lasted.
'I do,' Tony said. 'But I didn't think it was safe to drive to the supermarket with my being sooo tired, right? My machine can only handle beans though. That's not going to work.'
‘You’re supposed to be my boyfriend, so I’m allowed to look at your ass,’ Tony defended himself. ‘But as an artist you can probably explain to me what’s so good about these paintings. I don’t see it.’
‘Rhodey, I’m going on this date in your place,’ Tony said. ‘You’re taller, I’m more handsome, you’re stronger, I’m smarter, we don’t even have the same skin color. This date will get the wrong image of James Rhodes, even if I add a little Tony Stark to it. Why do you even care? You didn’t want to go!’
‘What do we do when we find something?’ Clint asked. ‘Shouldn’t we search for the dragon together? I’m pretty sure we should fight it together. Or you on your own. You have an armor, you can’t get burned. Maybe you should just find the dragon and I’ll find the soldier.’
Steve insisted that only magic could make him fly, but Tony didn't want to admit that he would never touch the clouds. He was not going to give up.
Tony took off his helmet and pulled his fingers through his hair. ‘My house is full of losers in spandex, because some idiot decided it’s illegal to be a super hero now! They all want to be my sidekick. I have like two hundred people in my tower and I can’t get rid of them! So you better hire them all and spread them over the world or something, because I’m not having a sidekick and I’m not letting any of them stay in my house any longer.’
‘Nice to see you again as well, Stark,’ Clint said with a wide grin. ‘Ready to safe a damsel in distress?’
'I'm Lauren,' said the guy next to Steve. 'If you have questions, just ask me. I've been here for a few years already.'
‘Tell that to the robots I made!’ Tony defended himself. ‘I got James’s number and I even got another date out of him!’
Tony apologized for marching in like that, but Sam wouldn't hear of it. He was welcome to join them. They drank coffee, but switched to beer not much later. After Steve consumed almost an entire bag of chips they decided to order pizza. More beer came out of the fridge and the people who weren't playing were eating. Tony found out they didn't play any war games or first person shooters, and when he asked why, Steve explained they had both lost important people while they were in the army. Because of that they had met each other, but the games could trigger memories they'd rather forget. Tony apologized, but Steve waved his apologies away. These nights were to have fun and there was nothing wrong with playing Zelda games, right?
He had been like a father for the both of them. Mostly for Tony, but also for Steve, doing things with the two boys their mothers couldn't or wouldn't do. One of the few people who was incredibly happy for them when they became a couple, even though they were silly teenagers with a crush. He had been one of the few people at their wedding and he was the only one who knew about their problems with adoption agencies.
‘Good!’ Tony said. ‘A little is good enough! You look like a smart cookie, you will get better, J.A.R.V.I.S. can help. This could totally work out!’
'Alright guys, times up!' Buddy said. 'We'll try all of your pastries. They gotta taste good, but they gotta look good as well! Alright, Linda, baby, we start with you, tell us what you made for mister Stark?'
Seconds later the sounds of canons was in the air. The big dragon easily dodged them and let out a loud triumphant roar. He made a circle above the army, breathing fire as a warning, before he made his way to the mountains.
Slowly Steve started to climb the stairs. Behind him the doors fell shut with a soft click, but it echoed through the room. Steve immediately stood still.  For a few seconds he didn’t move, he just bit his lip and listened to hear if anyone was coming for him. There was nothing. Steve took a deep breath and moved on. He walked slowly, so it took him a minute or two to get to the next floor. It was better to be slow than to have an asthma attack on the staircase. On the next floor was a door, with a small round window in it. Steve stood on his tiptoes and peeked through the little window. It was dark in the room, there were no lights on and it looked like there were no windows at all. This couldn’t be the penthouse, so he moved on.  Two more stairs, another door. This time he saw chairs, a table, and a very big television. Yes, this was his destination and it looked like no one was home.
‘Thank you, Thor, you’re the best,’ Steve said with a bright smile before he and Tony made their way to the elevator.
‘I could use some sleep as well,’ Natasha said. ‘So you better make sure that plane is ready tomorrow morning, Stark, because we’re staying here for the night.’
It was a perfect project. Not only would kids learn to love science and engineering, it also created a few dozen jobs for people who had seen too much during the war and had a hard time rebuilding their life. If this worked, they could make it bigger and start doing the same in other cities. It was just the best thing Tony ever came up with, and he loved the enthusiasm of the others, but he just couldn't listen to what Sam was saying.
'I'm used to it, irresistible in both genders,' Steve laughed. 'No, the girls who arranged the clothes have done a great job. I won't look like a complete idiot.'
‘I thought you were supposed to be a genius,’ Rhodey said. ‘You’re pretty dumb for a genius sometimes.’
'I'll try to seduce Tony then, he is more my type anyway,' Steve smiled. 'Cop marries prostitute. That would make an interesting headline.'
Before she could finish that sentence Steve had dropped everything so he could pull Tony into a kiss. It was short, but sweet and the way they smiled at each other told Pepper that they weren’t putting up a show for her. She couldn’t stop a smile herself.
Or, it could. Tony hadn't seen Stefanie after the night he had taken the statements from all the guys. Stefanie had worked all night, went home in the morning, and gotten some time off to get ready to get back to work. Tony hadn't seen him anymore and still didn't know the guys first name. He had searched the entire floor, but there had been no sign of the guy. Tony was a little grumpy and decided to ask Sam about it, when he heard voices coming from Sam’s office.
‘So, why the regular ambulance tonight?’ Tony asked. ‘There are traffic jams on Christmas eve. This is Manhattan, there are never no traffic jams.’
'You're amazing, Stefanie!' Lauren said. 'An amazing liar. I can’t believe you’re a cop! I'm going to miss you.'
'Is there a problem?' he asked innocently as he sat down in Nebula's office. 'Did someone complain?'
‘Okay,’ Tony answered, a smile on his face. He managed to distract this hot guy. ‘So planes don’t do it for you? I’ve actually never been on a bike before. They just look scary. Whenever I see someone on a bike I’m afraid they will crash.’
Steve nodded. ‘Yes, this is what I looked like before I became Captain America, before they injected me with the serum. It’s not permanent. Every night, after dark I turn into this, ugly, tiny person again.’
Tony waited for his friend on the hill the next week and wasn't disappointed. Steve showed up with two big bags full of feathers. They all looked perfect, undamaged, ready to use in Tony's wings.
'Could be better,' Steve said, coughing a little. 'But nothing broken, just some scratches and a tiny body.'
‘I’m serious Stark!’ Fury said, less patient now. ‘We don’t know what form this dragon appears in, but we know that this soldier is well guarded. We need someone who can handle a difficult job and unfortunately you’re the only one we have right now who could be able to do this job.’
The ice cream shop was closed, because of the bad weather, but there was a single person standing on the covered terrace: James. He looked up when he heard Steve’s footsteps.
It was freezing outside, and after working for about an hour, Tony was shivering. He tried to hide it, but Steve noticed it anyway.
Julia looked up, surprise in his eyes, but he agreed happily. Steve didn't get any answers from him that night, but he managed to convince Julia to talk to Tony.
Steve had already prepared breakfast and was waiting in the kitchen with two steaming cups of coffee and some sandwiches. Tony downed the coffee and then finished Steve's as well. It tasted like mud, but fuck that, it was coffee!
But he wasn't there anymore. Steve was gone. Tony feared the worst. He looked around, walked up and down a little before he called Steve's name.
'And you have your own plane, which you like better than ours, so that was even cheaper,' Fury added.
Through the white curtains Tony could see a body. He slowly approached the bed, with as little sounds as possible. It was practically impossible in the armor. But the body didn’t move, so Tony thought he was doing fine. He got closer and closer until he could pull the curtains aside. He was about to take a look at, when the person jumped up, turned Tony around and pulled Tony’s arms on his back, holding him tightly.
'We actually invited you, because we have something we couldn't tell you over the phone,' Rhodey started. 'We're expecting a baby.'
‘I’m really sorry,’ Steve continued as he glanced at Tony. ‘I didn’t know what to do. Please don’t call the police!’
'I don't know what they told in the comics, but I can run twenty-seven miles,' Steve said with a smirk. 'If you show me the map I'll find my way.'
So yeah, Tony’s life was pretty much perfect. He had everything he wanted, he had everything he could ever dream of. Life was more amazing than it had ever been.
'Steve, Tony is coming in tonight,' Sam reported. Steve was on his way to the club, so they could still talk.
‘Because I’m going to see if this girl is into me and you’re my best friend and you’re keeping this James interested for me,’ Bucky answered. ‘And because I’m on toilet cleaning duty for a year.’
Tony was suddenly scared to hear Steve’s answer. He quickly shut the door and drank the rest of the coffee.
Tony threw something against the wall. The robots immediately started cleaning up. Tony hated himself for being angry. He never cared what others thought of him, so it bothered him how much he cared about what Steve thought. Maybe he just wanted his childhood hero to like him, maybe he had hoped someone had finally liked him for who he was. Sure his two best friends liked him, but normally people judged him, or tried to get some money out of him. Steve hadn't been like that. Not at first at least. Tony just kept himself buried in work to forget about those harsh words.
‘I don’t really know either, I made a great deal today with a big company, and I’m going to earn millions,’ Tony shrugged. ‘You told me you couldn’t even pay for a subway ticket, so I kinda wanted to do something for you. And I really, really hate cooking. You would actually do me a favor here. You’re going to eat it too, by the way, so if you’re trying to poison me we’re going down together. So, what do you say? Are you in?’
'So if I go out like this, people will think I'm an idiot that dresses up like some fictional character? I guess I should change then.' He dropped the comic on the table and walked out of the room. His happy mood was completely gone, his breakfast was left untouched on the table.
'Comics, cartoons, movies, porn,' Tony rambled. 'I'm sorry to tell you this, but the world thinks you're a fictional character. No one knows you actually existed. Or exist. You're the world's first super hero, people see you as a hero. Just not a real one. You've been an inspiration for a lot of people to do good.'
'Your house! Your cave, where you live!' Tony said, like it was the most normal thing in the world. 'Steve, I really like you and I wanted to ask you to run away with me, even before I knew you were a dragon. I don't want to get married, and I definitely don't want to go back to a dragon killing jerk. I want to stay with you and fly.'
James moaned again when he took another bite. ‘This is all I’m going to eat for the rest of my life. Training or no training, I will get fat and I won’t even mind!’
‘Now that I have your attention again, I’d like to tell you that all of you can get a room here at Shield headquarters, or a small apartment somewhere in the city. All funded by Shield, of course.’
'Everyone, listen carefully,' Sam said. 'Due to illegal activities, we're closing this place. If you are a customer, raise your hand, someone will come and get you. Don't worry, we won't charge you. All of you will be frisked, but if you have nothing to hide you're free to go.'
Steve pushed open the doors to the stair case, walked in, and closed them behind him. For a moment he listened, but there wasn’t a sound. Good. What wasn’t good was the stairs were only going down. The stairs that went up to the penthouse were hidden behind two locked doors. They had a lock, but no doorknob, and could probably only be opened from the other side. Steve checked the room for cameras before he stepped forward and examined the door from close by. The lock was ridiculously simple, probably something about safety issues, people couldn’t get stuck when there was a fire. Steve searched through his pockets and found the one thing Bucky told him to always carry around: a paperclip. His friend had taught him how to pick locks. Mostly because Steve kept forgetting his keys and locked himself out so often that Bucky had gotten tired of it. Steve never actually broke into someone else’s place, let alone into the house of a billionaire. He almost laughed when the lock clicked open.
Rhodey was just done cooking dinner when Tony came back home. Rhodey hardly ever had time to cook, but when he had some time off from work he cooked for Tony, so he would get to eat a healthy meal too. Tony might be a genius, but he didn’t seem to understand that you couldn’t live on coffee and grilled cheese forever. The guy had some nasty habits sometimes.
‘How the hell do I owe you 274 favors?’ Tony asked, this time he did look up, leaving the robot alone for a moment.
‘Thanks,’ Tony said. ‘I love cars. Saved for a long time before I could afford this baby, but she was worth it. Do you like cars? Do you own one?’
‘I live with two friends who were in the army as well, that’s how we met,’ Steve explained. ‘We’ve been through a lot. We didn’t have much money when we quit, so we decided to share a place. All of us make more money now, but it’s still nice to live with people who understand you and who you can talk to. You probably understand it as well.’
'Dragons can't talk,' Steve said. 'Something about vocal chords and fire breathing that doesn't go well together. I don't know the details either. Did I scare you?'
Steve looked surprised from one to the other and smiled. 'I guess it's good that I'm not completely forgotten. But I'm not very good with planes. I prefer cars or motor bikes.'
‘And you have to get your hand off my ass,’ Steve said as he grabbed said hand and held it in his own. To make sure it wouldn’t happen again, of course. ‘I have to be nice, we used to be classmates.  If you’re not supportive, you won’t get any support in return and you need all the positive feedback you can get as an artists. So you have to show up and act like it’s amazing and perfect and you’re very happy for them.’
'How did you do that?' Sam asked when Steve walked in again. 'I tried to get rid of him a few times, but he is persistent!'
Tony did as he was told, but when they were on a long road, he started chatting about James’ love for cars and the models he liked the best himself. James drove a few big ones when he was in the army. Tony wanted to brag about the sports car he had tried, but just in time he remembered he was supposed to be part of the air force. He was supposed to like jets.
‘Alright, alright,’ Rhodey said. ‘This is five favors. You only owe me 269 after tomorrow. Unless you screw up, then I’m taking them back.’
After a few hours of sleep Clint prepared the sled, while Tony got them food, water, blankets and weapons. He placed everything they needed on the sled, before he sat down on it himself.
‘Okay, fair point,’ Steve said. ‘Still, asking someone to act like your boyfriend is pretty awkward too. But I had fun. I was planning on leaving around ten and it’s the middle of the night already. Time flew by.’
They went back downstairs and gathered their things. Steve put his uniform in his bag and grabbed his shield. Clint had prepared the dogs and was waiting for them at the door. The four of them pulled on some warm winter coats, gloves and hats before they went outside. Steve was the last one to step out. A few seconds he looked longingly into the hall, before he turned off the lights and closed the door. He carried the sled through the hole in the wall. Clint tied the dogs to the sled, while Tony tied up the bags, so they couldn't fall off.
‘Most are,’ Sam agreed. ‘But the lunch bars and restaurants are open.  There will be food there. Redwing is smart enough to find a place with food and few people.’
After a few hours Tony checked his maps again. ‘We should have been there by now,’ he said to Clint. ‘We were going in the right direction, we had the right coordinates, it should be somewhere around here.’
'Don't blame yourself, Tony,' he smiled. 'I really loved this, I wouldn't have agreed if I didn't like it, okay? Accidents happen. But if you really want to be my hero there is something you can do.'
‘My name is Tony Stark, I was send to look for an genetically engineered super soldier,’ Tony said as he opened his faceplate. ‘And seeing how I can’t really move, even though I’m wearing a metal armor, I assume it’s you.’
Clint was practically deaf though, so he kept walking. He walked through the doors, into the hall, and was kicked off his feet, landing on the floor with a loud thud. Tony immediately flew towards him, helping him back up. They looked around to see what it had been that tackled Clint, and then they saw her: a fierce looking woman with flaming red hair. She was completely dressed in black and her expression screamed murder.
'You got what you wanted, you're an official super hero now, no need to bother me anymore. You're never going to be my sidekick,' Tony said, sipping his beer.
‘Director, sir, he is abusing his power already! I say we make me team leader!’ Clint said, pointing his thumbs at himself.
Tony smiled. It was his first meeting with Steve. The first of many. Jarvis had talked to Steve's mother and they agreed it would be good for the boys to meet more often. Tony was grateful. His life would have been completely different without that simple agreement.
‘Tell me about it,’ Steve said with a heavy sigh. ‘You need a lot of money to get in, and if there’s something artists don’t have, it’s money. So I’m forced to go to these tiny exhibitions to get my name out and hope that one day someone remembers it.’
'I'm sorry that happened to you,' Steve said softly. 'You tried to escape a bad life and got an even worse life. You can't even tell the police, because you're illegal. I'm so sorry.'
Steve wanted thank Clint, but at that moment there was a loud alarm going off. Natasha jumped up and dragged the others to the debriefing room. Nick Fury was already waiting for them with a handful of agents. Behind him a television showed a gigantic robotic monster that was destroying New York.
Steve sighed and shook his head. He wasn't going to join this discussion. Clint and Tony continued to argue and insult each other until Natasha told them they should be at their best behavior in front of the Captain if they wanted to be his sidekicks and that actually helped. They stopped talking, but kept glaring at each other. Thankfully they were almost in New York.
'You're here with a dog sled?' Steve asked. His mood suddenly a lot lighter. 'We'll get them inside as well, the sled too. We just lift up the wall for a few minutes. I'll help you, Clint, I love dogs!'
Ten-year old Tony Stark stood on the walls of the castle, his arms spread wide. Something that looked like paper wings were attached to his wrists, elbows and shoulders. He looked down and gulped. It was pretty high, but he had to do this if he wanted to fly. He dook a deep breath and was about to jump when he heard a voice.
'I guess, yes, Steve said. 'That's why I wanted to talk to you about it. Talk to Tony if you want to know more. He won't sleep with you, you'll get paid just to talk.' Just don't tell any of the others. I don't wanna get into trouble, I just don't want anyone being forced to do this.'
‘No,’ Steve said as he stepped away from Tony, who’s hand was still on his back. ‘Why would you do this for me? Why do you want me to cook for you? How would you know I wouldn’t try to poison you?’
Tony had seen it all. The only thing that had surprised him was the guy who watered the Christmas tree with the lights on. He got electrocuted and was lucky to be alive. At least no one burned their house down this year. Houses filled with lots of people and burning candles was a recipe for disaster.
When Tony looked at the little girl he felt a little bit of regret bubbling up. Steve always had more problems with it than Tony. He didn't think he'd be a very good father, no matter what Steve said, but they never got the chance to try.
'Congratulations, that is great!' Steve said immediately. He stood up and shook their hands, but ended up hugging them both as well, this was just amazing news.
'Maybe I should try dying then, see if you really have magical lips. Knight in shining armor,' Tony flirted back.
‘Yeah, I might have kind of stole that from you,’ Tony answered, his grin only growing bigger. ‘Not really my style, but I couldn’t have the press find out that I was waiting for some hot guy at the airport. We’d be in every newspaper tomorrow.’
‘I love cars,’ James said. ‘But I have a motor bike, it’s easier to use in the city, I never end up in traffic jams. I can’t afford both a car and a bike, so I stuck to my first love.’
'I could use help,' Steve admitted. 'There is this guy, Julia, who has a war hammers tattooed on his arm. It’s Ronan’s symbol. Try to find out if it's true. I tried to talk to him, befriend him, but he has this arrogant act, like he only cares about customers. At the same time he often has bruises, or a black eye. He covers it with make-up, but I think he's being forced.'
Being kicked out of the restaurant made things a little awkward for the two of them. They stood on the sidewalk, buttoning up their coats, surrounded by some others who just left as well. It was time to say goodbye, but how did you say goodbye to a guy you never met before, but that you wanted to kiss, even though you weren’t allowed to? They had to exchange number at least!
He walked out of the room and found Rhodey with a tray full of cups. He introduced himself to the man and followed him into the room with waiting guys. Tony was already there. He grinned when he noticed Steve.
'Be nice to him,' Natasha warned. Tony frowned. 'He hasn't been outside for seventy years. I have always gotten us all the things we needed, he doesn't know how much has changed. He can work with computers a little, but that's it. I don't know what kind of job you have planned for him, but he is not becoming some kind of exhibition for people to stare at. I know who you are, Stark, I'm not letting you get your hands on him.'
Tony used his repulsors again, the green showed, Tony shot again, and the green showed again. But the green was everywhere. There was no hole. Tony tried again. He felt, but he could still feel the wall. Again and again, but nothing changed.
'Oh, great, my true love is a whiny and needy man,' Steve joked before kissing Tony again. 'I'm going to take a shower. There is blood in my hair and dust in my nose.'
'Thanks!' Steve said before he hopped into the helicopter. He took a deep breath. His first mission in seventy years, he could do this. The moment he saw the robot he immediately started planning. It was huge, at least three floors high, walking on six leg, and completely made of steel. Big chance it's weak spot was in his neck, or other joints.
‘Yeah, I love red wine,’ Steve answered. He knew he had to act like Bucky, but Bucky didn’t like any kind of wine and this atmosphere was not okay for beer.
After a major incident Tony had built himself a metal suit of armor. He had used it to get out of some caves in Afghanistan, where a bunch of terrorists had forced him to make weapons. Safely back in New York, Tony made a new suit, a better suit, one that could fly and named himself Iron Man. He used it to help others, to save people’s lives. He was the very first superhero and people loved him!
Steve chuckled. ‘Training in the army was hard,’ he said. ‘I had to stay in shape. And when I got home training became something to keep my mind off things. Still going to the gym once or twice a week.’
'Sir, there is a man here with a box of donuts for you. Should I asked him to leave?' asked the receptionist.
Steve was getting desperate. He had tried a whole lot of different things, but the robot was still standing and still damaging the city. He only had three arms left by now and he had dents and small holes, but nothing bad enough to stop him. Steve even tried to hit it with a broken electricity cable, but even that hadn’t worked. He almost electrocuted himself instead.
Someone was loudly banging on Steve’s door. With a half-eaten sandwich in his mouth Steve went to open it. He was still in the middle of lunch and didn’t really expect any visitors. Yet he wasn’t surprised when he found his neighbour Sam on the other side of the door.
‘Normally you offer your date your jacket when they’re cold,’ Steve said, holding Tony’s hand a little tighter. ‘You offered me your sweatpants. Not the same, but still pretty damn romantic.’
Sam, it had to be Sam. It was his only option. But how was he going to do this? Should he tell Sam? Probably not. He and Steve were really good friends, they'd talk about it. All Tony could do was slap that ass and hope for the best. With a bit of luck he wouldn't receive a slap in the face in return.
‘Oh, she is the woman who set me up on this date,’ James answered. ‘Her name is Virginia Potts, but for some reason people all call her Pepper. It suits her better, to be honest. I figured since she set me up on this date she would have done the same to you, but if you don’t know her, how did you get here?’
'But if you only go from city to city you miss out on places like this. This town isn't much, but they seem to have amazing caves, with glow worms! You won't find those in fluffy beds or big pools! Don't you want to see something of this country?'
Clint was on the verge of tears when he heard those words. 'See, Captain America wants me as his sidekick! I'm going to fight alongside a real hero!'
‘Yeah, unlike the blind date you are going to meet,’ Bucky said when he eyed Steve. ‘Really Steve, you look like an old man, take off those pants and wear the jeans Natasha bought for you.’
'I'm sorry,' Steve said, carefully touching the painful jaw. With that simple touch the pain was gone. 'I didn't know what your parents told you about dragons. Maybe you hated them as well, I couldn't risk getting killed. I needed you to trust me. To show you dragons aren't bad.'
Tony planned the rest of the trip and tried to find solutions for all kinds of dangers they could meet on their way to this soldier. He also tried to work on a plan to enter the building. On the pictures it looked like a medieval castle. Maybe that is where the dragon idea came from? But Fury had said this guy had been locked up for seventy years, not seven hundred. It didn’t make sense. Tony would have to wait with strategy until they actually got there.
'No, she was pissed, because he was a man and shouldn't want to be fucked in the ass,' Steve grinned. 'We finished our business, the guy paid me and a few months later he invited me for a threesome with his new boyfriend.'
Neither of them knew how long it lasted. A minute, two minutes, ten minutes? They didn't care. They only stepped apart when the electronic voice called for the passengers of Tony's flight to go to their gate. Tony gave Steve a small peck on his cheek.
Tony went downstairs, got in the car and worked on his phone as his driver Happy brought him to this baking contest. He had never seen the show, so he didn't know what to expect, but he was good at improvising, he'd figure out what was going on. How hard could it be? And he got to eat cake, which was never a bad thing. Right now that was the only reason he actually went.
‘Oh my God,’ Tony groaned. ‘You told me like two hundred times that I had to act like I were you and that my name was James Rhodes. I actually remembered and did everything you asked me to do and now you’re saying I could have just been myself. Be a little more clear about what you want next time. If I’m going to tell James that I’m not really James, he is not ever going to want to talk to me again.’
'That would be really nice,' Steve answered. 'But if I can't live with them I'll go with Bucky. I don't mind, Tony, as long as you come and visit me now and then. I don't want to lose you too.'
‘Alright, yeah, great, yeah, we can do that’ Tony said. He grabbed one of his cards and put it in Steve’s breast pocket. ‘Text me your address and I’ll pick you up. Friday, at seven. It’s a date!’
He followed Buddy and Mauro back into the workshop and held back a grin when he noticed the overheated faces. These guys had worked hard, it hadn't been easy. He hoped they didn't disappoint, because he had gotten pretty hungry.
But all of that was over now. The man was gone and Steve and Tony were left behind. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and noticed the tears in his eyes. Tony never cried. Tears of happiness at their wedding, but he always dealt with sadness in other ways. Not this time. He cried soundlessly into Steve's shoulder.
‘My windows are closed,’ Steve said as he walked back into the living room, Sam following closely behind. ‘As should yours be when you let your birds out of their cage. But let’s check the balcony. Which one escaped?’
‘You took a mission to get all the super heroes out of your house and now you are inviting them back in,’ Fury noted. ‘How generous of you, Stark.’
'Let's go for a walk,' Steve suggested, and they started walking. 'They might have seen the light at the castle. I don't want them to come after me again.  Do you know about the history of dragons and the royal family?'
'No, just make sure I won't drown. Give me mouth to mouth or something,' Tony said as he wiggled his eyebrows.
Steve and his team had thought about it too. The gentleman’s club, Apollo, would be easier. But it was a luxurious club with rich customers, members only, which made it harder for uniformed police to fit it in and help Steve out. Uniformed police officers would act like his customers, so he didn’t actually have to pick up clients and have sex with them. Getting membership cards for several policemen was impossible without Ronan finding out something was up. So drag is was for Steve.
'That Lauren didn't look like she, or he, was forced to do this,' Jack started. 'Very enthusiastic. But some others looked more timid, almost scared. They try their best, but it's not the same. You should keep an eye on them.'
To keep it cheap, Steve tried to hitchhike as much as possible. The public transport was minimal in this country and if you used it you missed half of all the amazing views. Renting a car himself was too expensive, though. As were hotels. He moved from one camp to the other. Some were luxurious, with a hot tub, a pool and a television room, but others didn't even have showers. Steve didn't mind, he would just jump in a lake if he had the chance.
‘Wow, that is amazing,’ Steve said as he looked at the tiny suitcase. ‘You’re the only one who has this?’
‘Of course I understand,’ Thor said as he slapped Steve hard on the shoulder. ‘He is all yours, Steven!’
'It was a joke and now everyone knows my donuts are seriously good. It might help me win!' Steve answered. 'And maybe gay guys will finally dare to ask me out. Even if I go to a gay bar they think I'm hetero and I'm just there to support a friend. Apparently it's the muscles. So I have no problems with this being broadcasted.'
'I just got a message that Ronan will be at the club Friday next week,' Bucky said. 'That's it, that's when we'll catch him. Let's prepare everything.'
Steve told him he’d be there as soon as possible and Tony felt like kicking himself for yelling at the man. If he ever wanted to try asking Steve out on a date he would have to start acting like his usual smooth self again soon, because all he was showing now was an impatient, childish, bored, bossy kind of Tony. Not even Tony liked that Tony. He had to turn back into his charming self!
Steve walked through the gallery. Several other grad students were still hanging their work on the walls, but Steve was already done. Every year the best graduating art students could each pick three pieces to create an exposition in a gallery close to their college. Steve was absolutely honored that he was chosen, but it also made him nervous. Now the entire city could see his work. He took another look at the wall where his paintings were and couldn't help but smile. He shouldn’t worry, they were good.
'Yeah, that's pretty cool, except getting smashed by robots,' Tony said. 'Sorry I was being an ass and shut you out. I misunderstood something and got mad. I thought you didn't think I was a hero.'
Only one more baker to go. Tony worried that the coffee cupcakes were going to win. They were good, but he wasn't crazy about them. He also didn't want the arrogant girl to win. He was about to sigh when he spotted a big plate, filled with colourful, beautifully decorated donuts. Tony didn't stop himself, he practical ran to the last contestant and grabbed a donut.
‘I do not have a crush,’ Tony stated. ‘But thanks for the notes, you’re an angel, you’re perfect, you know I can’t do anything without you.’
'Yeah, a few years, I was sent out once, but it was not for me,' Steve explained. 'Started studying art. More my thing. But I’ve finished now, I graduated two months ago, so it was time to relax a little.'
Bruce was next. Bruce was his friend, he would accept it, but Tony warned him first. The scientist had a bit of a temper and you didn't want to be on his bad side. Unfortunately Bruce didn't let Tony slap his butt for no reason, so Tony had to tell him the entire, embarrassing, story. Bruce laughed at him, of course, but agreed in the end. Tony would ask Steve and Bruce to stay behind after the next meeting. It was all planned out, which made the entire thing even more embarrassing.
