Sunset wrinkles her nose, looking vaguely disgusted.  “You sound like you wander around aimlessly.  Do you not have a home?”
Steve pushed Stark's hands away, glaring at him.  "Fine," he said.  "Do what you feel like you have to do, like you've always done.  I've never been able to stop you, anyway."
“That’s me,” Rogers replied.  There was a rustling sound as Rogers seemed to be searching through his pack for something, though it was too dark for Tony to really know for sure.  Then Rogers found it—whatever it was—and continued, “Okay.  I’m going to turn on the flashlight, and then I’m going to throw it outside.  If the sabretooth goes after it, hit it in the face.  I’ll get out and attack it from behind.  Got it?”
And now here Steve was, half-crouched as Tony's Pa screamed at him for being a layabout, for being soft, for being weak, and Steve was so overcome by a melange of emotions that he didn't know what to do; in the heat of the moment, he could barely even pick them apart to figure out what he was feeling.
’ hero, regardless of what Tony himself thought—as though he could see something in him that Tony was missing.
But if he closes his eyes, if he just relaxes and allows the wind to blow against his face—Tony can imagine his warm presence here behind him, one hand outstretched and telling him to
"No, it has to be now," Tony said, reluctantly withdrawing his hand from Cap's.  "I have to see if it's salvageable.  If it's not, I have to destroy it to make sure no one else who finds it can use it against us.  And either way, there's still stuff in there.  The suits, for one thing.  We'll be lucky if the Nazis haven't swung back to check it out already while I was lying here."
“Should there?” Steve asks quietly.  When Tony opens his mouth to reply, Steve reaches up with his other hand, placing a finger over Tony’s lips, and Tony goes silent.  “Ten years,” he says, “is a long time to punish yourself.”
Tony smiled, though it was tinged with sadness.  "Don't worry about it, Steve," he said.  "I'm just trying to say that I got better at recognizing their tells.  And I just want you to be careful, too."
Calmly, the man sets his boots off to the side, shrugging out of his jacket.  Heavens, his shoulders must be a mile wide—but Tony forces himself to clamp down on that thought before it can progress any further.  It’s not right, he tells himself.  It’s improper.  Immoral.  “I’m gonna go in after you,” the man continues, going back to leaning against the rail.  “Won’t be fun.  I hate the cold.  But I’ll brave it for you.”
He didn't sound particularly convincing, and Tony had to agree.  "Doesn't make sense for them to have left lit torches behind," he said.  "Something's going on."
The years pass.  Stark Industries rebuilds and thrives in Los Angeles.  The Avengers, Tony hears, similarly thrive in New York.
So he opened it.  It was immediately clear that its contents consisted of several folded letters, the top one bearing a date of October 1917, which meant it was older than Steve by a few years.
He can’t bear to be in this room anymore.  He turns Steve’s wrist back over and straightens before heading back out to the real world, hating himself for looking.  He shouldn’t have, because now he knows—no matter how much he tries to dance around it, to rationalize it in his head, the truth remains that he killed Steve Rogers.
It wasn't long before they passed by Penn Station, where to Steve's surprise, Tony stopped, gazing at the building contemplatively.  "Hey," he said.  "Think there are still any trains here?"
“Right.”  Looking slightly mollified, Rogers turned his attention back to the roads, working off of… whatever map he had managed to build in his head.  Did he have a photographic memory?  Tony wondered if he’d always been like that, or if it was yet another effect of the serum.  “You know, it’s weird…”
“Where’s Steve?” he demands, because if the shield was here, then so was Steve, and if Steve’s around, then he’ll want to see Tony, won’t he?
—he couldn’t just be firing repulsor rays into his face.  Still, he kept his hand out anyway, hoping it might serve as a distraction or something.  “Steve, snap out of it!”
Natasha didn't say anything for a moment, but then she straightened, holding her hands up in surrender.  "I need your help," she replied at last.
“Superheterodyne radio circuit,” Tony supplies.  “Definitely.  It’s the future, Steve.  Radio tuners and stain-resistant steel and folding wings for airplanes.  Just because my father doesn’t like it doesn’t mean I’m not thinking about it all the time.”  He scowls.  “…I don’t know why I brought him up.  I don’t want to talk about him.  Let’s talk about something else.”
After picking their way past several bodies—and having to put down a few that were still moving—they arrived at the boarding area, where a lone train stood waiting, its doors open.  "Jackpot," Tony said, beaming as he made a beeline for the engine.
His answer is almost unbearably cryptic, but Steve decides to wait and see.  Tony keeps on taking them down whenever he can find a staircase, and before he knows it, they wind up in a dimly-lit room that seems to go on for miles, filled with automobiles.  “Gosh,” he says softly, looking around.  “I’ve never seen so many nice cars in one place before.”
A part of him wonders if this is right, disappearing into the city under a different name and never making contact with them again.  It’s probably not approved behavior, but then again, when has he ever cared about whether or not anyone approves of him?  And sure, a part of him knows that he can’t stay hidden forever.  He’s going to do things.  Invent things.  Sooner or later, his picture will be plastered across all the newspapers, and sooner or later, someone will see.  But then he thinks—
“Tony,” Steve interrupts breathlessly.  “Please, stop talking and give me more—” He cuts himself off with a sharp moan, thrusting against him, and he thinks he can hear Tony swear under his breath.  The fingers vanish, and though Steve knows he
"I… think it may be attracted to the other pieces," Cap offered as he stopped moving around.  "It wants to be put back together.  And it's acting this way now because one of the pieces must be close by."
Once he made it to the top, he burst into the igloo-thing, blinking and looking around.  This one was different from the others.  At the other end was a wide hole, like a window without glass, perfectly positioned so that he could see the setting sun through it.  In the middle sat a pedestal with something that looked like—well, a glove, which made so little sense Tony decided not to spend too long dwelling on it.  And there, lying in front of the pedestal…
After a few minutes of this, Tony ventured back to the hole, hoping that a paw wasn’t going to appear from within and claw his face off.  Nope—it seemed like Rogers was just standing, glaring at the wall.  “You’re still down there,” Tony said helpfully.
Tony bit back a retort on how he didn't want to talk about it because there was nothing to talk about, instead nodding as they stepped into the cafeteria.  He went to get his usual breakfast of champions (coffee and a donut, never mind the fact that he'd already had a coffee earlier) and sat down. Ty joined him shortly after with his super-mature bowl of Froot Loops - and to think, he gave Tony shit for eating donuts all the time.
"Room service?" Steve's mom repeated, and despite the weakness of her voice - and geez, despite her everything, because she looked really terrible and definitely sick right now - she still managed to sound amused.  "I didn't realize I was staying at the Waldorf Astoria."
“Perfectly,” Tony replies without a second of hesitation.  He attempts a smile, looking back at him.  “I remember that you called Radiohead ‘Head Radio’ and almost took Hank’s head off with your shield.”
Steve stared at him.  It sounded a lot like Tony was trying to imply something, and Steve wasn't sure he wanted to hear it.  "What are you saying?" he asked at last.  "Are you dying still?"
"Beautiful," Tony said, watching as the city passed by.  "Maybe we could make it all the way to Bethesda on this train.  Wouldn't that be something?  Our journey could practically be over."
Steve reached over to take Tony's hand.  It felt right.  "You're one of the most capable people I know," he said.  "If anyone can help bring an end to this, it's you."
, Tony thinks, but he nonetheless nods, his grip tightening for a moment.  “Right,” he says quietly.
Now that he knows, though…  “I should go,” he says, because right now he’s standing here and staring at Steve through the glass wall, and if he doesn’t make himself leave, he never will.
It was the last letter.  Tony's gaze was drawn back to the bit about the cognac, how it was the only thing besides Sarah's replies that Joseph looked forward to.
The idea seemed dangerous.  He knew where the exit was, but not if there was anything waiting for them on the way there.  But Maya wasn't going anywhere and Steve didn't know if he could outrun her—his side was still throbbing with pain from the gunshot wound.  "Okay."
Whatever had happened when Tony had last done it must have been terrible, and Steve decided not to press.  "Hey," he said.  "It's okay.  We'll get through this."
Steve wasn't sure he'd love to hear a ticking reminder of how his heart would only work with outside help, but he decided not to bring that up, reluctant to damper the mood too much.  He also wasn't sure about the whole loving himself bit, considering that Tony had apparently blamed himself for the entire biter epidemic, but that would be even more of a damper.  "So nothing's wrong?"
The three of them glance at each other and change the subject, acting so thoroughly obvious about it that he’d go and shake each of them if he were feeling stronger.
But that, Steve realized with growing horror, wasn't even the worst of it.  He held his breath for a moment, then let out a sharp exhale.  "Do you hear that?" he asked quietly.
Nonetheless, he bends down, plucking a couple of flowers off the ground, and he tries to remember the way Steve would look at them so intently, brow furrowed before he put his pencil to paper and began to sketch them.
Tony pursed his lips, buttoning his shirt up.  “Why does everything have to be so complicated all the time?” he groused.  “Okay, Rogers, just relax.  We’ll figure something out.  So tell me, what do you want to do?  Do you want to look for stuff down here, or get out of here?”
“Oh, Tony,” she all but purrs, rubbing his shoulder.  “When will you ever learn what’s best for you?”
exits, and Tony manages to get them through the second one before whoever came back can see them.  “Okay,” Tony says in a hushed voice, grinning.  “I think we’re safe.  For now.  They’re going to come looking for us, though, because they’re going to be mad.”
"You're right," he said at last.  He sat up despite the protests of his body, pushing the blanket down.  "We have to go back to the airship."
“I think you should lie down,” Rogers replied, looking concerned.  “Come on, I—oh.”  Tony turned fast enough to see Rogers sinking to his knees, looking dazed.
"And a little backup never hurt anyone," Stark pointed out.  "I'm not letting you run off on your own if we have other options."
“We’ll see about that,” Tony murmurs, curling up against him.  He looks very much like he’s ready to just settle down and take a nap, so Steve decides to indulge him, continuing to thread his fingers through his hair as Tony lies against him, breathing quietly.  “You’re warm,” Steve hears him say after a moment, so quiet he almost misses it.  “Sunset… Sunset’s not warm.  She’s cold.  She—she never liked being held—”
Was Steve really so selfless that that was actually his primary reason for trying to enlist?  Well - alright, that was a silly question, because of course Steve was. And though his health problems and small stature were still keeping him from jumping into war, Tony still wondered if it was just a matter of time.
Eventually, though, he gets curious, and so he asks around.  Father doesn’t tell him anything, ordering him to get back to his studies.  Mother, though—Mother is helpful, and she patiently explains the concept of soulmates, explaining that those words will lead him right to his own someday.  Then she shows him her own wrist, displaying the words
The thought was sobering.  Assuming they made it out of all this alive, assuming they would be able to rebuild… it seemed like maybe there was going to be a whole generation that would miss out on history and literature and math and science, because the only thing they would learn while growing up was how to survive.  And while polynomials had never directly helped him take a biter down, these things
And yet—it’s not the earth-shattering revelation he had thought it would be.  He’s spent so long obsessing over not obsessing over his words that they hardly matter to him—and that’s the way it should be.  The words have never mattered.  It’s like what Rumiko had told him once, years and years ago: if this is who he wants to spend his life with, it’s because this is what he chooses, and the words are nothing more than a reflection of reality.
After several minutes of searching, his fears were confirmed—Steve had apparently wandered off entirely, and Tony had no idea where.  This was bad.  Should he stay and wait for him to come back?  What if he didn’t?
And so they continued on.  Soon enough, they were in the city, though Steve could only tell because of the signs—he didn't know the Bronx at all, and nothing looked familiar.  Given how run-down and ghostly everything felt, Steve found himself grateful for it, deciding Tony was right after all.
“Yeah,” Steve says, smiling slightly in return.  “But I was thinking about what happened after that.”
"Don't you dare, Tony!"  There were clearly several biters in here, and Steve would much rather Tony get out alive instead of being trapped here in the tunnel.  He jammed his shield against the biter's skull and then ran as fast as he could.  Tony reached out again, and this time Steve was able to grasp the offered hand firmly, pulling himself up.
At first, he wanted to keep researching.  He'd never exactly been short on resources, but MIT had more than he'd imagined, and at the beginning, he spent hours upon hours in the library, trying to find as much as he possibly could on the circumstances of Steve's death.  But no matter how many books he consulted, how many testimonials he read, how many foreign materials he translated, all of them remained frustratingly scarce on details.
Ty flicked something at him - a corn kernel, apparently - which was enough to bring Tony back to the present.  "Why aren't you listening to me? You've been like this since school started again. I mean, it's kind of rude.  You need to be paying attention to me when I talk."
Stark shook his head slowly.  "It was a long time ago," he said, even if the tone of his voice and the tension in his body screamed that it was anything but.
.  This place was the opposite of that, and he wasn’t sure how his gauntlets would do in such an enclosed area.  Then again, that just meant now was the best time to find out.  “Okay,” he said.  “Let’s fight.  How hard can it be?  It’s just a cat.”
The day was almost unbearably beautiful when they stepped out into the courtyard, with only a few clouds peppering the sky as the wind gusted around them.  Natasha and Steve carried the makeshift coffin out to the hole they'd dug earlier, while Yelena sat bundled up in a wheelchair nearby.  Tony limped alongside them—he'd sprained his ankle during the fight the day before, though apparently he hadn't seen the need to inform Steve until the topic couldn't be avoided anymore.  It was just like Tony, but for now, Steve couldn't find it in him to be upset.  They were alive, and that was more than what could be said for a lot of people.  For Bucky.
ring.  The one Steve had drawn him wearing only a few short hours ago.  Tony feels his throat go dry as he glances over at Steve, who’s staring at the ring blankly.  “Steve…?” he asks softly.
And so they headed back the way they came, making their way toward the unblocked entrance they'd used to get in.  The man who'd opened the door was still there, gazing at them coolly.  "You're Maya's guests," he said.  "What are you doing here?"
And what, he wondered, would he do if he ever found himself in this situation again?  It was, he felt, all very well and good to know that it
Tony set his laptop aside and flopped back onto his bed, staring up at the ceiling.  Either he had a psychiatric disorder or magic was real, and he didn't know which one he preferred.  Blindly, he reached out toward his desk, where he had some loose change sitting out, and pulled one coin toward him.  Then he flipped it and raised his head enough to look at the result.
The day had started off normal - or at least, as normal as it could when you woke up in another person's body a few decades into the future.  Steve would have preferred that it hadn't happened so he could continue packing and making arrangements, but he'd long since learned in the past few months that he didn't have any choice in switching, so he just had to deal with it.
Steve’s favorite spot, Tony learns, is a California poppy reserve relatively close to the Los Angeles branch.  The first time they visit, they go hiking, walking for miles and miles before Tony tells him that listen, he’s not a super-soldier and can only drag himself around for so long.  The second time they visit, Steve brings a sketchbook and spends hours drawing golden flowers as Tony works on his own things, occasionally throwing him affectionate glances every now and then.
His first instinct was to get out of bed and just run as far as he could, away from the army and the fighting and the killing.  He could run somewhere safe, where there was no danger and where he could just eventually live his life in peace - but as soon as he thought it, he knew it wouldn't work.  Even if he managed to get out of here without anyone seeing him, where the hell would he actually go? And what was going to stop Steve from just finding his way back once the day ended and they switched once more?
A week after that, after Sunset returns his notes for one of their mechanical engineering classes, she pulls him aside and rolls her bracelet off her left arm, showing him her own words—
Pepper cleared her throat.  "Have your supersonic plane fly me over so I won't be late next time," she said.
He was, of course, familiar with his own body.  It was his body, after all. But the blessed, cursed thing about him was that it wasn't just his own body he had experience living in - he'd lived so many days of his life as another person, too.  And today, he felt like neither.
Tinkering?  It sounded like Tony had a habit of playing around with the kitchen tools.  But Steve obviously hadn't been there for that previous conversation, so he didn't actually have any idea of what might have been said.  "I should be allowed to because it's fun?" he tried. Which was obviously
It was then that Steve remembered that he lived alone with his Ma and that his Ma would never call him filthy like that.
“Yeah,” Tony replies, not sure what else to say to that.  He’s not even sure what Steve is doing here in the first place.  Tony’s fine, after all, so Steve should be sleeping in a bed.
Headache and light sensitivity forgotten, his eyes popped open to see the warm body he'd rolled into, and - oh God, was it
"I think I can tell you now," Tony said softly.  "Not because I want to, mind you.  But you seem dangerously close to forgiving me and I can't have that."  He sighed again, then continued, "Steve, they used the Jericho."
Fascinated, Steve started to listen to the other rows, realizing that this was some sort of audio journal left by Tony himself.  It was an almost surreal experience, hearing words spoken in his voice while knowing that he wasn't the one who said them, but Steve couldn't stop.  It was a window into this person that he'd dreamt up, one whose brain seemed to move faster than he could speak, who spoke excitedly of flight and robotics and energy.  He mentioned his Ma often, and Ty frequently came up as well, though curiously there wasn't any mention of his Pa. Tony even mentioned Indiana Jones - something about how he couldn't wait to see it - and Steve wondered if he should feel bad about having declined Ty's offer for it (whatever it was).
Natasha looked thoughtful, glancing back inside.  "I suppose Yelena will not be confined to her room forever, one way or another," she mused.
After Tony’s done reading everything, after he’s done heaving into the trash can and scratching at words that have turned red and inflamed against his wrist, he thinks about one of the most recent memories his backup contains—of the two of them lying in a field of golden poppies and staring up at a sea of stars, a memory in which he’d had everything he’d ever needed or wanted—and then he puts his head in his hands and cries.
Darling.  He hadn't heard that in a long time.  Was it really going to end like this?  Lying on a dirty, abandoned street in Manhattan with his former lover and the corpse of his best friend?  Was this what he'd been brought out of the ice for?
"No!" cried an unfamiliar voice.  When the debris settled, Steve could see a blond woman on the floor, weakly backing away from them.  "Don't, I'm bit—"  Then her gaze settled on Steve, and just like that, her whole demeanor changed.  "
Tony thinks that maybe there’s something more in his words beyond literal flying, and he thinks that maybe he knows what the other man means by it.  So he nods slowly, kissing the bit of Steve’s finger against his mouth.  “I promise,” he says.
"Sounds like it's settled," Fury said, turning away.  "I look forward to the five of you securing the artifact."  With that, he swept off, and even Jarvis, the gruffest of the lot, could do nothing but watch Fury walk away with a gobsmacked expression on his face.
Tony rolled his eyes, reaching into his pack to pull out a fresh shirt and stuffing the remains of the torn one from yesterday into it.  “No one’s going to die.  You don’t even know what the percentage means—”
," the man standing outside Tony's bedroom said.  Like everything else today, even the words he was hearing sounded strange; that last bit was unlike any language he knew.  One thing was consistent, though - the door was open enough that while Tony couldn't see the man from his bed, he could smell the same sharp scent that his father often smelled of after he'd been holding onto a bottle for a while.  But unlike his father, there was no anger, just tiredness in the man's voice.
It was pretty much just Ty, really.  And Ty… well. Ty was kind of a special case.  He challenged Tony, both physically and mentally, and Tony liked that - he hated coasting, he hated just knowing things, he hated his mind being idle.  But Ty also liked making everything into a competition. There was no such thing as a team effort and there definitely was no such thing as both of them being winners.  It was one or the other, and boy, did that get tiring. But playing Ty's game certainly made Tony push himself harder, and just the fact that Ty thought Tony was worthy competition made Tony feel good, because it meant he was important to Ty.
The airship was gone, lifted back up into the skies where it would… well, Tony wasn’t sure.  Fury had promised them that every day for seven days, the airship would return to this spot at noon and pick them up if they were here.  And considering that his heart was running on a battery, if after seven days they were a no-show, then it would probably be safe to assume that they were dead.
It was irritating to not do anything, but Tony had to grudgingly admit that Cap was in much better shape to be pulling out people from deep holes than Tony currently was.  He resigned himself to examining the edges of the hole instead, wondering how it had been disguised, and that was when he smelled the smoke—and also when, as if on cue, Tony felt his transceiver vibrate, spelling out Jarvis' distress signal.  "We're in trouble," he announced.
Steve looked behind them, realizing their situation was even worse as biters started to emerge from the smoke, the firecrackers having fizzled out.  "You got any more of Natasha's things?" he asked.
Now was one of those times Steve wished he were more like Tony, because if he were a smarter man he could take a look and examine the reactor himself.  As things were, though, he could only take Tony's word for it, which… wasn't always entirely reliable.  "Do you always doodle with your heart airing out?"
Tony sighed as deeply as he dared - when his chest moved, everything ached, and he feared that the action would somehow accelerate the shrapnel's inexorable push toward his heart.  Then he went back to staring at Yinsen's hand. Back and forth, back and forth. "It's led us to our deaths here," he said, trying the words out in the hopes that confronting it would make the thought less terrifying.
Tony nods, though he makes no move to board.  Right now, with his arm the way it is… he’s not entirely sure he can move it, and the idea of dragging himself onto the raft makes him want to just stay right here in the freezing water instead.  “Y-you get on first.”
Steeling himself, Tony dashed up the rest of the way, continuing to ignore the way the gashes in his arm and chest throbbed and ached.  He’d deal with the injuries later.  Only one thing mattered right now, and that was whether or not Steve was here, and if he wasn’t—if he wasn’t—
Tony laughed.  "To who?  People like Luke and Natasha don't strike me as the kind who would be particularly interested in my… our adventures."
“Good.”  Tony withdrew his hand quickly, focusing on packing his stuff and being absolutely sure to not meet Rogers’ gaze.  Damn the man.  Why did he have to look so impossibly earnest all the time?
"Wow," said the guy, his lips twisted upward slightly.  "You weren't even drinking last night. Finish your coffee and get yourself together."
Fengjing, unlike Yinxu, had far more greenery, and plant life was abundant as they headed further into the ruins.  There was a particularly tall structure that Tony could make out deeper in, which, given their current trajectory, seemed to be their current goal.  "Mind your step," Rhodey called back to them.  "A lot of this stuff looks like poison ivy."
Tony could have pointed out that he was already based in New York, so going there was basically going home and he didn’t need Steve’s invitation.  “Okay,” was what he ended up saying anyway.
Steve blinked at him again, then gave him a tentative smile.  That was good.  “We’re going to have to talk about this later,” he said.  Less good, but okay.  He then looked down at himself, prodding at the pelt hanging off him.  “Is this… was this my skin?”
"Stop it, Steve," Tony said gently.  "We all learn this lesson, sooner or later.  You were just five years behind."
Steve actually frowned at him, shaking his head.  Tony frowned back.  “What?  It’s sausage.  Meat.  Sabretooths like meat, I thought.”  Just not human meat.  He hoped.
"Thanks, Cap," Tony said.  He looked down at where the wound was, noticing now that his shirt was torn in that spot.  It was a good thing he'd stopped getting attached to his clothes a long time ago.
A shadow of… something flickered across Cap's face, and Tony wasn't sure if he'd only imagined it.  "What do you mean?" he asked.
Steve bit back his response.  He decided to go back to the task at hand, putting the food on the shelf with the other cans he'd seen when he first woke up and moving all the empty ones to the side.  When he couldn't find an excuse to stand there any longer, he returned to the table, staring once again at the back of Stark's head.  Finally, Stark finished up, wringing the clothes out and draping them over the back of a chair to dry.
.  Well, I guess you're normal today.  I'm glad you realized that we have tons of access to tons of food and you don't have to eat like you're gonna starve to death otherwise."
Tony nodded his goodbye, and then went to drop off his tray before returning to his room, shutting the door behind him.  From there, he made an immediate beeline to his desk, where he'd stuck the gift Steve had left for him, and pulled it out.
Stark wordlessly unstrapped his rifle from his shoulders, holding it out to Jessica, who stared at it for a long moment before taking it into her hands.
"I'll heal on my own," Steve tried again, but neither of them seemed to pay him any heed.  Steve sighed.
An image of a severed hand and blown-out brains came to mind, and Steve struggled to push it away.  "I remember an injured woman not knowing any better."
And so Steve returned to the remains of the fire, to the dusting of ashes that remained on his makeshift pyre.  There, he knelt down, closing his eyes as he ran his fingers along the cooling wood, feeling the texture of the grains beneath his fingers.
Steve just gives him a small smile, turning to pick up the remote.  “Sorry, Shellhead,” he says.  “But some things I’m taking with me to the grave.”
"Because you were blowing up our research divisions!" Tony snapped back.  What the hell was this?  Birch should have been behind bars for the rest of his life, and yet here he was, sitting free on an aircraft carrier off the shore of Turkey.  He slammed a hand against one of the shelves, his patience frayed.  "What do you want?  Why are you here?"
He turned toward Cap again.  He'd known, somehow, the key they'd needed to stop it.  The key that Tony himself didn't know.  His gaze drifted down to Cap's hand, where he remembered seeing the relic, the completed ring—but even though the room was dark, he could see enough to tell that it was gone.  "Where," he managed, finding himself at a strange loss for words.
This was it.  Tony wanted to die, and he wanted Steve's permission to make it happen.  Steve could barely comprehend it.  They'd spent days, weeks, months together, traveling south, fighting side by side, and this—this was the choice Steve was facing now.  It was unfair.
For several moments, Steve did nothing but stare at it, dumbfounded.  Could it be? Had he not only dreamed himself as a rich teenager attending boarding school, but also nearly half a century into the future?  Maybe - maybe that explained some things. Things like the material the box on his lap was made of, or the strange smooth pens that didn't need to be dipped into ink, or the pristine whiteness of the light switches.  He'd thought, at first, that it was simply due to the fact that rich people lived such vastly different lives and had access to so much more, but it was starting to seem like it wasn't
Everything seems to fall into place after that.  They spend their free time designing various pieces of equipment together, filing joint prototypes and coauthoring papers.  When they’re not building things, they make love everywhere they can think of—in the classroom, on the beach, in his car.  “I love you,” he says to her often, and she smiles and tells him “I know”.  Tony’s never been happier, and all he wants to do is make Sunset happy too.  She’s his soulmate, after all.  They were made for each other.
"I was not so fortunate as to have its powers impact me directly," the other voice replied coolly.  Tony didn't recognize the speaker, but his gut was telling him it was the man in the wheelchair.  The one who had pursued them so far.  The one, Tony hoped, who they had finally pursued and cornered here.  "But I do know what it does.  And I know you already know.  I don't need to tell you anything."
Before he could dwell on it any further, Ty distracted him from the question of his clothes by informing him he was going to leave now so he could speak to one of their teachers before practice, and Tony was left to get dressed and head down to the field alone.  He was late by a minute, having had an absurd amount of trouble finding some of his things, but Ty was even later so it didn't matter.
Pepper was flown in two days later, full of tales of the things she'd seen while traveling with the Navy, but there was a darkness in her eyes that hadn't been there the last time Tony had met up with her.  "You don't have to come along on this treasure hunt," Tony told her.  "You could go back to the States.  Get some rest."
Tony sticks his hands in his pockets as they walk, turning his gaze toward the ocean.  “I guess I just wanted to thank you again for last night,” he says.  “I think.”
But it was selfish, he thought, to voice those thoughts aloud.  The best he could do now was to offer Tony strength and hope and courage.  "It'll be okay," he said softly, and he prayed to whoever was listening above that his words wouldn't be a lie, even if they felt like one.  How could it be okay?  There were, he was realizing now, so many things he needed to say to Tony, so many things he should have said earlier, when there was still a chance.  Now their time was up, and all those words would remain unsaid forever, forgotten the way so many other fragments of civilization had been forgotten in this world.
It couldn't last forever, though.  Not too long afterward, Steve heard the sound of footsteps approaching, and he looked up to find Luke standing there, looking at them.  He gave them both an odd glance, but nonetheless continued, "If you two are planning to hang around for the night I'll take first watch.  I think the three of you have dealt with enough shit for today."
, Tony almost replied, but he stopped himself in time.  Fortunately, there were other responses that came to mind.  He'd made so many mistakes since Steve had last known him. "Because - because.  People died. Because of things he made and did." He shuddered, and tried to temper some of the guilt he felt before it all came pouring out.  "He's not a good person. And he doesn't deserve to… to be cared about."
Ma was already home by the time he got back, cooking something on the stovetop.  "It's fine," Steve said preemptively, but that didn't stop her from dropping her wooden spoon as soon as she saw him and rushing over to the icebox to hack a few pieces of ice off.
There was another long pause.  Tony was about to prompt him when Steve at last continued, "If you could see what happened to you in the future… not just days from now, but months, years… what would you do?"
Tony wondered what Steve had told her about the date.  He knew what Steve wrote in his journal, but who knew if they were the same.  "Well, what'd I say before?"
, he would never be fully comfortable with them.  Maybe because they reminded him of his own mortality.  Or maybe because they were just damn creepy.  Probably a mix of both.
"Colonel in the Women's Army Corps," Jessica replied.  "I didn't know her then.  But after we met she told me she missed flying a hell of a lot."  She sighed and continued, "Let's go before I break into tears."
Somehow, he made it through the day.  He dialed in to his company meetings, spent time in the lab working on his new seed-bomb missiles, and did the homework for the classes at MIT that he no longer had time to attend but still needed to pass if he was going to double major.  If all of those things just so happened to not involve face-to-face human contact with anyone, well, that was a happy coincidence.
Steve shook his head quickly, pulling his hand back.  "Please," he said.  He knew it wasn't a good idea, but… "I want to go this way.  Please."
He reached forward with the submarine arms to gently, gently wrap them around Steve's still body, floating before them so ghostly and pale in the floodlights.  From beside him, he could hear Pepper struggling to keep her breaths under control.  Jarvis was in the back, silent as always.  Tony wished badly that Rhodey could have been here for him in this moment as well, but he'd already been deployed back to the front lines.  This would have to do.
—down to safety, Tony would do everything in his power to give it to him, even if they went back to no contact afterward.
"And will you?" countered Tony.  It was strange, but he felt… oddly comfortable around Cap.  He still wasn't thrilled about Cap being forced onto them—he probably would have felt better about it if he'd been able to make a choice.  Still, he got the feeling that Cap did want to make sure the mission went smoothly.
"Jarvis just sent coordinates," Rhodey shouted between gulps of breath, cutting off whatever reply Tony had thought of making.  In that moment of distraction, Cap had peeled away, sprinting in another direction.  Damn it.  "He's coming in from the west!"
still echoed in his head, but… he thought he could trust her.  It was the end of civilization as they knew it.  What good would distrust do?
for years, and he was still very much in one piece.  He didn’t need some guy, much less one who regularly donned a flag-colored outfit with a big ol’ star on it, telling him what to do.  “Wish I could,” he groused.
Tony pulls away, looking around.  “Christ,” he breathes, then points behind him—they’re sailing right past a massive iceberg, so close Steve could probably run over and touch it if he really wants to.  Together, they go over to the rail once the iceberg is gone, staring down at the hull.  “I think we were hit.”
"I do, Ma," Tony replied.  "Your pain isn't nothing to me."  That was what Steve would say, he felt.  Funny how easily it came to him. "Now, you're sick, so you can't walk around and try it out yet.  But when you get better you can. So finish your orange juice, okay?"
Tony blinked, realizing the point Steve was trying to make.  “Oh,” he said.  “It’s not enough food for you.  Is that what you’re trying to say?”  Steve nodded, and Tony pursed his lips, thinking about it.  Steve was huge.  He was also not human.  What did sabretooths eat?  “Should we… hunt?” he asked uncertainly.  “Are you up for some dinosaurs?”
Steve squeezes his hands gently; Tony can almost feel his smile against his skin.  “You mentioned you liked flying.”
ages ago, but the Stark library was massive and had dozens of other fantasy novels to hold his interest - or art, since he still had his own little pet project he'd been working on, and there were plenty of other things to sketch when he wanted to draw something else.
But, he reminds himself, he did the right thing.  Steve… Steve is just some guy.  Some awful, immoral guy.  Never mind that he’s more honest and real than anyone Tony’s ever known.  He’s a nobody.  It’s not his approval he needs; it’s his father’s.
Tony glances at Howard.  “Yeah,” is all he can manage, even though all he wants to do is apologize profusely.
“Sorry,” Rogers replied, but he didn’t stop.  “I don’t want to risk infection.  It doesn’t look like its claws were poisonous, but it doesn’t hurt to be careful.”
.  That wasn’t good.  Possibly worse than people, maybe.  He hadn’t actually fought any sabretooths yet, so he had no idea how bad they were.  But they were probably pretty bad.  “Okay.  What makes you say that?”
Steve manages a breathless laugh, taking Tony’s hand and leading him away from the other people.  “I-I’m fine,” he says.  “But look at you!  Y-you have a bullet in your shoulder.  Are
"It's fine," Steve insisted.  He tried to think of what Tony would do, based on what he'd said about his Ma, and decided on pulling her into a hug.  She smelled good, like something floral - lavender, maybe. "I'm glad you're home."
"I… I don't know," Tony admitted.  He reached down to pet Steve's hair.  It felt nice.  Tony hadn't done that since… since they were together.  "You're hurt, and I can't do anything."  His voice cracked, but he continued, "I'm afraid that all I'll be able to do is wait and see if you turn."
"But you really do need rest," Tony protested.  Cap couldn't watch him indefinitely, could he?  "Look.  Your suit is all bloody."
He took a deep breath, looking at himself in the mirror again.  Tony looked like Clark Gable in a few ways. Mostly because they were both dark-haired, but they also had similar builds, broad in the shoulder and chest.  One thing Steve had never been sure about was what color Clark Gable's eyes were, as the films were all in black and white, and he didn't know how accurate the movie posters were.  With Tony, though, it was easy to tell. His eyes were very big and very blue. Sure, Steve knew he had blue eyes himself. He'd seen them in the mirror enough. But looking at Steve Rogers in the mirror just wasn't the same as looking at Tony Stark.  The latter was definitely better.
you.  I told you not to see him again.  And what did you do?  You disobeyed me.  You put swine over your own family, and now look at what’s happened.”
thing—he saw was weapons.  Rows and rows of weapons, from guns to bombs to other items whose purpose he could only guess.  And somehow—that felt strange.  Off.  He was Tony Stark, the world's foremost expert in the latest in weapons technology.  There was, he thought, nothing in this field he didn't know about.
“You like fixing hurt things, huh?”  Tony grins.  “I bet you like to rescue stray cats and dogs off the street.”  That is, in fact, exactly the sort of thing Steve likes to do, and he stammers as much as Tony laughs.  “Hey, don’t be embarrassed.  It’s a good thing.  We need more guys like you in the world.  But you don’t spend
Now he’s wearing this hideous ring, looking at the two of them in the mirror.  He can’t share anything with Sunset, either.  Is this really the rest of his life?  Surrounded at all times by people who couldn’t give less of a damn about the man underneath the clothes and the name?  Steve has saved him once, but he’s starting to feel like there really isn’t anything stopping him from trying again.
your time rescuing stray animals, do you?  You draw.”  Without warning, he plucks Steve’s drawing pad out of his hands, starting to flip through it before Steve can protest.  “…You draw the stray animals you rescue?  And here I thought you were kidding about that.”  He goes through a few more pages, and Steve quietly hopes to himself that maybe he’ll lose interest before he gets to the end.  “Pretty lady,” he says.  “Who is this?”
Rogers stepped into the little beam of light shining down from above—it wasn’t very bright, but given that there had been so much canopy overhead, it wasn’t indicative of what time of day it was.  After a moment, he stood up on his hind legs, pawing at the wall.
He looked around quickly, only seeing Maya and the man who'd had the tranquilizer darts from earlier, the latter holding his side and looking pained.  They were both staring at him.  "Where's Tony?" Steve snarled.  If something happened to him—
"I know that if I gave my life up for someone else, it would be because I thought it would be worth it," Yinsen interrupted.  "And if I were that person, the one who was saved, then as long as I still had a pulse I would do everything in my power to make sure that was true.  Is this not the case for you, Stark?"
She held Danielle out.  Luke stared at the baby, then sighed before accepting her.  "I swear to God if you don't come back…"
“So you know, I’ve been waiting this whole time for you to offer me some,” Tony said casually after a while, needing to hear more than the sounds of Steve eating an animal he’d killed.  “Where are your manners?”
And so they went.  Steve knew the area well—and he wished he didn't, because now he knew how everything had changed—and he was able to lead them into the yard to look around.  There were more fallen soldiers here whose dog tags Steve took like he had with the others.  He still didn't know what he was going to do with them all, but he did know that he wasn't going to just leave them here.
Maya chuckled at his reaction as she took her bag back from Tony.  "Well, I'm going to put these things away.  You can stay here for now—I'll be back soon."  With that, she left, carrying her supplies back inside.
"Wait," Pepper said, suddenly sounding nervous.  "I did some reading too, and I remember coming across her.  Didn't some of the translations mention how her resting place would be well-guarded, and that—"
.  Morally.  At least, that was what he'd heard.  Steve himself couldn't quite understand the rationale.  Was it so terrible for a man to be attracted to another man?  If all the ladies could swoon over Clark Gable, why couldn't he?  And if - if Tony looked very nice without anything on, was it so sinful to notice it?
Damn it.  He wanted to pretend he didn’t hear it, because chances were good that his brain was just torturing him at this point, but it was Steve’s voice, and he couldn’t ignore what he was saying.
Even the more recent news of Steve suddenly, miraculously being back doesn’t manage to lessen how awful he feels.  Steve had
If Steve had thought he was dreaming when he'd first woken up, he thought as he gathered his fiftieth tag, he would have stopped by now.  His imagination could have never been this cruel.
, she'd said, and he wondered now if she knew the necessity of having to pull a weapon like this on a companion.
At a quick glance, nothing had.  His folders were still intact and nothing new had been added at the root level.  But maybe things had been looked at. A little concerned, he brought up access logs from yesterday and did a quick search, sighing in relief when nothing in his designs folder had been opened.  At least this wasn't going to turn into some crazy sci-fi story where someone wearing his face was stealing all of his work.
"Bingo."  Stark did something more with an additional length of twine and some lighter fluid, then held the ball up for them to examine.  It looked extremely unimpressive.  "Don't everyone swoon at once," he said.  "Anyway, this is our ticket in.  We'll be vulnerable when climbing inside, so this will distract the biters until we can get into a classroom or something, and then we'll make our way to the cafeteria from there."
The grin slid off Bucky's face - and oh, boy, Tony actually had no idea what Bucky's real name was, so hopefully there'd be no need to address him in the near future - to be replaced by a look of mild confusion.  "C'mon, is it that awkward watching this? Don't you like seeing how good it is for troop morale?"
"So," Cap continued, "if we don't want him to sneak off—because you can't man the airship and keep an eye on him at the same time—we have to bring him with us."  He looked at Tony, and this time his gaze stayed.  "So
Finally, it paused, so Steve drew a breath to prepare a reply - only to have the box continue talking.  "Also, is it too late for a new year's resolution? Or even a junior-year-of-high-school resolution? It's May, so probably yes, but whatever.  It would be nice to wake Ty up for once this school year. See how he likes a human alarm clock in
"I never said that," Cap replied, which earned him startled looks from the others, who had started to nod along.  "I think you should come."
Rhodey swore.  "Is that smoke I smell?" he called.  "Because if it is, we're in even more trouble."  He paused briefly, and Tony saw that he was supporting Pepper's weight so that she could reach high enough to grab Cap's arm.  "Breathing in the oils from burning poison ivy is going to be hell on the lungs, if not worse—"
“Y-you think?” Tony whispers.  He scoots closer to him, needing more of the other man.  Doesn’t matter if they’re both freezing right now.  It’s not his warmth he wants, it’s
Ten years ago, and yet that condescending tone he'd heard then was exactly the same as the one he was hearing now.
Tony snorts.  “Pushy,” he repeats.  But he leans forward, and suddenly Steve can feel a warm tongue against his skin, causing him to buck and moan in response.  Seemingly encouraged by that, Tony shifts, and the next thing he knows, Tony’s just full-out lapping at his cock, eyes closed as he leaves a wet trail along every vein and ridge.  “God,” he manages between licks, voice deep and breathy.  “I’m—I’m dead serious, Steve.  I think I could actually stay here forever.”
"No," Steve replied almost immediately.  "Tony, the man was building weapons and he was trying to blow us all up.  I don't really care how you treated him.  What he did has no excuse."
"Carol, don't!" Jessica called, pushing Steve aside and running up to her.  "It's okay.  He's not Burnside.  You're safe."
Jarvis raised an eyebrow at him, somehow managing to look both stern and indulgent.  "Yes, very funny," he said. "Take this and eat before you give the microwave wheels again."  He handed Steve a plate, which Steve took, confused in many ways. Was the roast box a "microwave"?  Had Tony given it wheels before? And what on earth was on his plate now?
But Pepper just shook her head, putting her hand against Tony's arm.  "If this wasn't important, you wouldn't have asked me to come," she said.  "And if I hadn't come, I would have stayed in the Pacific and kept on reporting.  Those are the only two places I should be right now.  Don't tell me otherwise."
It took a minute, but eventually he was able to gather his wits, looking around.  The first thing he noticed was that he wasn't in a burning airship, but what looked like a small hospital room.  The second thing he noticed was that Cap was sitting beside him, peering at him with almost unbearable concern.  The third thing he noticed was that Cap was holding his hand.
Steve lifted his head and drank gratefully before falling back onto the surface he was lying on.  It was soft, so he assumed it was a bed.  "Like I went to hell and back," he rasped.  "Where are we?"
"Hmm."  Cap didn't say anything else, but he did pull the chair up to Tony's bed, sitting back in it and looking comfortable in a way that made Tony suspect he was up to something.
Tony thought about Birch, about the circumstances that had led them onto an aircraft carrier outfitted with weapons he had thought he'd only dreamed of.  He thought about Virgil, who had died so quickly and so suddenly.  He thought about Gia, about her betrayal and how he had gone right into their trap.
“It’s not congenital.  It’s not genetic, either.  I don’t know what the hell it is.  But it developed after—well, you’ve read
Tony was ridiculous sometimes, and Steve couldn't help but quirk his lips.  "You okay?" he asked softly.
"I didn't mean it like that," Cap added hastily, eyes wide.  "No.  I'd love to.  I'd really love to.  I just think—I'm needed in Europe."
From the corner of his eye, he could see Stark's eyes narrowing as he reached for his rifle, drawing it out in one fluid motion.  "Like hell."
Cap's gaze flickered upward, and he stared at Tony for a second, then shook his head and went back to it, as careful as ever.  Tony wouldn't admit it out loud, but the care Cap was taking with him felt… really nice.  He didn't need it—didn't really even deserve it, since it was his own fault he'd gotten hit in the first place—but Cap wasn't stopping, so maybe Tony could just enjoy it while it lasted.
Rogers snorted from behind him, and from the sound of his footsteps, Tony could tell he was following.  “Somehow I doubt that,” he said.  “I’m not sure that I’d want a kiss from Nick.”
, but Steve is already removing the lifebelt, hissing as he sees the bloodstain on his shirt.  “Really, Steve, there’s nothing you can do—”
She gives him updates as he flies, the low chatter of hospital staff audible in the background.  Steve goes into surgery, she tells him.  Ten minutes later, she adds that he’s still in surgery, but they’ve located all the bullet fragments in his body, some of which are embedded in major organs.  She tells him when each and every piece is removed.
"They're coming from the roof!" Stark hissed, jabbing his ice pick at the first biter and cursing when it missed and went through its cheek instead.
.  Tony whipped his head around, half-expecting to see the room suddenly be engulfed in flames, but he saw only Cap, who was staring at his hand.  A hand, Tony realized, was ungloved and wearing a thick orange ring.
"And we won last time, so we should definitely try to repeat that part," Tony said.  He then reached down to pick up some of the papers, brandishing them at the others.  "These," he continued, "are reports written by Li Ji, Chinese archaeologist.  Until 1937, he was in central China uncovering one of its historic capitals, Yinxu.  His team left when the Japanese invaded, and no one's been looking there since.  Which is a shame for him, because he documented evidence that there was a particular item that was being worshipped, but he was unable to find the item itself before they had to evacuate."
His face is dry as he climbs over the railing, carefully turning around to look at the churning water below, the wind whipping against his face.  He doesn’t cry.  He never cries anymore.  His father had rid him of that impulse out of him long ago.  Still, his heart is heavy as he closes his eyes for a moment, wishing… things didn’t have to be this way.  Wishing that his father could just accept him for who he is.  That he could stop feeling so damned ashamed about whatever Tony chooses to do, that he could give his blessing to let Tony work on things besides damn weapons all the time.  But Howard Stark is not a man of change, and Tony knows—so long as Howard’s around, Tony can’t ever be happy.  And Howard will always be around.
To his surprise, Rogers shook his head.  “I don’t want you catching pneumonia,” he said when Tony opened his mouth.  “Just stay strong, okay?  Hang on.”  He turned away for a moment, rummaging in the first-aid kit before producing a white pill and poking it through Tony’s lips.  “Swallow,” he continued, handing him a canteen.  “It’s aspirin.  I brought some along.”
But all good things came to an end.  Cap sprayed the antiseptic, which made Tony wince but not as badly as he had when it'd been applied to the gunshot wound, and then he was putting a fresh dressing on, taping it in place.  "There we go," Cap said as he pulled the shirt back down.  "Should last through the night."
“Should be illegal to look that pleased with yourself,” Steve mutters.  Nonetheless, he rolls his hips slightly, looking back up at him in return.  “Give it to me.”
flooding, but he doesn’t know how bad the damage is, doesn’t know how quickly the crew responded—too many unknowns.  “Either way, this is bad.  Steve…”  And here he swallows, not sure how the other man will take it, but he makes himself press on anyway.  “We have to tell my father and Sunset.  You—you understand, Steve, don’t you?”  If something’s happened, they need to know.  He may not like them very much right now—hell, he’s planning on getting away from them as soon as they make it to shore—but he doesn’t want them to
sure was Steve's mom's, but… it didn't sound so good.  It was weak and rough and hoarse. "What'd I tell you yesterday?"
But like with everything good, it couldn't last.  As they got closer to the carrier, it started opening fire on them, water spraying up as bullets hit the surface of the sea—and that, Tony had to say, was enough to convince him that this was certainly a place of interest.  Tony swerved out of the way, making sure Cap stayed behind him—if anyone got it, he'd rather it be him in the armor, and not Cap, who was vulnerable while hanging on.
"We're too late!" he called as he started turning the bike away.  "We'll have to radio Allied command!"
“Pushy.”  Nonetheless, Tony looks rather pleased as he buries his face against his crotch, inhaling deeply.  “You’re perfect,” he says again, voice muffled.  “Can I just stay here forever?”
Steve was also hopelessly flustered when it came to any sort of human interaction that involved the opposite sex.  ("Ty and two twin girls came up to me," he'd said. Tony had listened, intrigued, only to have Steve continue, "I told them I had to go to the bathroom and then I stayed there until I felt it was safe to come out again.  I didn't want to mess anything up for you, so I figured hiding was safer." Which was a nice thought, but Tony kind of felt that taking refuge in a bathroom to avoid talking to girls had already messed things up for him.)
For several nights after that, Tony curls up in his room alone, staring down at the words on his arm and wondering how things had gone downhill so fast.  So maybe the quote hadn’t quite evoked her image as much as it maybe should have, he admits to himself.  Still, though—his
“Shh,” Steve says, reaching out to place a finger lightly against his lips.  He’s still smiling.  “Don’t worry about it.”
"I know what this is," Tony breathed as he stepped in, blindly running his hands against the cool metal.  He'd thought of it before, conceived of it in idle thoughts and corner scribbles in his notebook.  But it wasn't real—or at least, that was what he'd believed.  But the evidence, even as poorly-lit as it was, was right in front of him.  Someway, somehow, this was his design.
"So?" Cap asked as he came in again, presumably catching sight of Tony sitting and doing nothing.  "Are we FUBAR?"
Because this was the exquisite revelation that Tony had had lying in the cave as Yinsen looked so piercingly at him, his steady hand moving back and forth, back and forth while stirring the pot: Tony was the pulse and Steve was his heart, and the only way Steve would ever survive would be if the pulse kept beating.  He was gone, but at the same time he wasn't because Tony remembered his goodness and his strength, and carrying those things with him was enough to make his life worth something.
Steve stared at Stark in horror.  Four years, he thought.  It had been four years since Stark had last seen Pepper—a woman Steve remembered with fondness—and he didn't even know if she was alive or dead.  "I'm… I'm sorry, Stark," he managed, at a loss for any other words.
Jessica stepped forward, motioning with her head.  "Then let's get to a safer spot and make a plan," she said.  "We're too exposed out here."
Tony laughs.  “Relax,” he says.  “I think you look wonderful.  But the maître d’ is never going to let you pass through those doors looking this way.”
So he got up, changed into what looked like a standard service uniform since that was set out already - why wasn't the Captain America suit out, he wondered - and headed outside to get his bearings.  Unsurprisingly, given that he'd woken up in a run-down building, it seemed like he was currently in a city that had been recently bombed, and now maybe their men were occupying it. Some of them were milling about, and Tony followed them to a makeshift cafeteria to get some food as he listened in.
"We're not going to make it back to Natasha tonight at this rate," Tony said a couple of hours in, the streets going dark around them.  Steve was stumbling often now, with Tony almost supporting him full-time, though he hadn't made any comment about it.
A stray bullet that made it through the gaps in his armor interrupted his hazy thoughts, and Tony cried out, sinking down onto one knee and blindly firing his own weapons until he could hear an answering shout of pain.  Oh, God, it hurt. The bullet hurt. His chest hurt. It all hurt.
"Jesus," Steve said.  "No.  Of course not.  I blame Burnside.  I just… I wish things turned out differently."
"I'm assuming this isn't a good thing," Cap said as alarms started to go off, lights blaring all around.  His voice was almost admirably neutral, sounding unconcerned even as the airship shuddered beneath them.
"This wasn't your fault," Tony replied, and in that instant, Steve knew the worst had happened.  Tony rolled up one sleeve to reveal his wrist, which had been hastily wrapped with a piece of his own shirt.  "I'm sorry, Steve."
"I want you to be happy too," Steve replied, and the conviction in his gaze and his voice almost broke Tony's heart.
Steve flushed, a little embarrassed for real.  "I'm going to go to my room," he announced in a thoroughly unsubtle attempt to dodge the subject.  Ma just chuckled softly and turned back to her cooking, leaving Steve to do what he said he would.
The earnestness with which he said those words was surprising, and Tony didn't know how to immediately respond.  "Well," he said at last.  "Thanks for saving my life."  He looked around Cap to see Pepper and Rhodey still standing at the other end, looking like they were about ready to charge in, shield or no.  "I'm okay," he called to them.  "What was that sound?"
.  And so he walks, past the bursts of light as the flashes go off, past the clamor of the reporters and their searching eyes.
Tony huffed as he got a napkin to clean the wet spot off his shirt.  "What are you even talking about?" he asked. "You have a whole day to work on it."
And Tony’s heart sinks.  The call is still out for women and children only, and neither he nor Steve—nor his father, really—have a chance in hell of getting on.
"This is Captain America," Fury confirmed—needlessly, Tony thought, since it was pretty obvious everyone in the room recognized him.  "This is a government-sponsored mission.  Captain America here will be providing
“Of course I am.”  Honestly, Steve finds himself baffled by all this.  Tony has a fiancée, a father.  Don’t either of them listen?
The mission was to guard a remote-controlled bomber drone, one with enough range from London to Japan, or - if what they were guarding against came to pass - from Germany to D.C.
But he can’t do that.  He can’t not take this chance to see Tony, however briefly, for one last time.  Tony needs him, and he needs Tony.  So finally, he clangs his cuffs against the pipe, trying to make as much noise as he can.  “Tony!” he calls out.  “Tony, I’m here!”
.  Steve.  It’s mind-boggling, but he’s in no position to deny him, so he reaches up, placing his hand against the other man’s chest, trailing his fingers down his shirt.  “Like this?”
make a plan based on what they found.  Whatever the plan was, though, it couldn't involve their suits, which had been left on the airship with Jarvis.  The Iron Man and War Machine outfits were too heavy to carry for long periods of time, and in any case, their goal was to find something, not to fight other people.
The question was unexpected, and Steve blinked.  He hadn't thought about it for a long time.  "I… I don't know," he admitted after a moment.  "I don't think I ever figured it out.  So much of my identity during the war was tied to being a soldier.  And now I'm needed because my blood might be able to help people.  And either it will, or it won't, but what then?  What do people who aren't needed do with their lives?"
He reads the note.  Then he takes a deep breath, thanks the lawyer for delivering it to him, and reads it again after the lawyer leaves.  It’s not terribly long, and for the most part, it’s exactly what he expected from Steve: a request to save Bucky and to keep Captain America alive.
Not that Tony was particularly keen on doing so, of course.  The last time he’d gone looking for magical artifacts there, a feral bison had tried its damndest to gore him to death.
Steve was sitting there in front of him, eyes wide and confused as he looked around.  When he noticed Tony had lowered the shield, he gaped at him, mouth moving but no human sounds coming out.
Steve stares at him for a moment, confused—but then he realizes what Tony is expecting, and he laughs, going to open the door.  “So demanding,” he says.
Tony doesn’t mention it to Steve because Steve hates talking about his—or anyone else’s—words, but sometimes he feels like there’s a hole in his heart where he feels like his soulmate should be.  It’s pathetic, honestly.  He’s a grown man by now, dammit, and he’d
The reproach resonated with something deep inside Tony's head, and he winced.  Cap had a point.  As… entertaining as the thought of Cap being a fan was, the truth was—and always would be—that the entire reason
"This isn't what I signed up for," Tony said, tossing the folder onto the table and giving Fury's one good eye the best glare he possibly could.  "If I wanted to keep on hunting for mystical relics, I would have.  I signed up for the war effort instead.  I think that should have told you where my priorities currently lie."
By the time Tony stumbled out of the tunnels in the suit they'd built together, Yinsen was already dying, his breathing ragged and his gaze unfocused.  But somehow, he managed to summon up enough strength to lock eyes with Tony, and though he couldn't speak, the message was obvious:
Then the light faded, and for several seconds, everything was quiet save for the sound of their panting.  A moment later, the sabretooth made a terrible gurgling noise and collapsed right onto Tony, the sudden shift in weight forcing a strained whimper from his lips.
He thought of the morning's events as he styled his hair the way Tony liked it, still trying to figure out what could have happened the night before.  Why did he have such a terrible headache? Why did he wake up in Ty's room? Why had some of their clothes been removed?
Whatever amusement was on Pepper's face disappeared in a flash, and she motioned for them to follow her up the steps.  "Two planes flying overhead," she said.  "Gone for the moment, but they're doing circles.  Rhodey's sent Jarvis the distress signal so we're hoping we can quickly just get on the airship and make a break for it."
Steve considered grabbing his arm but eventually decided against it, watching him go.  "I should go in while he's gone," he said.
"Let's bring him home," he said quietly, and together they rose toward the light like ghosts leaving a body.
Tony tries not to laugh, since laughing would just make his father even angrier.  In spite of all his blushing, Steve has a spine!  “That’s right,” he adds.  “Wouldn’t it be awful if everyone found out how you treat your guests?”
"Wait, wait," Tony said, holding his good arm up.  He hadn't even had a chance to provoke anyone yet!  "What did Rhodey say?"
“Impossible,” he hears Steve murmur.  And suddenly, the other man’s arms are around him, holding him tight.  “Well, whatever it is, Tony… I hope you can overcome it.  Everyone deserves to be happy.”
It took a few minutes of this, but eventually something ahead of them rustled, and Luke emerged from the trees, Danielle clutched in his arms and relief plainly written on his face, even in the darkness.  "Thank God," he muttered, starting toward them before abruptly stopping, then rushing forward again.  "Sweet Christmas, what the fuck happened to you?"
Jessica's head shot up, her eyes angry despite the fact that she was still obviously reeling from the realization that everyone in the school had likely turned.  "Are you crazy?" she asked.  "You're only here because of
Steve squinted at him, still a little bleary from sleep and… other things, trying to figure out who he was.  Probably not his Pa; the age difference seemed too large and the idea of his Pa calling him
And then the light hit its features just right, and the shield clanged to the ground from his nerveless fingers.
"Yes," Stark agreed, running a hand through his hair.  "But I guess you'll have to make a liar out of me.  I just… I wasn't expecting you to wake up today, of all days, and… I need time.  I'm sorry."
Opening his eyes again, he went over to the laptop and pulled it into bed with him, turning it on and tapping the keys until he reached the voicelogs section.  Then, leaning in close to the microphone so that no one outside his room would hear, he started to speak.
"What do you think?" Carol managed.  "Our 'Grand Director' went nuts.  He sealed all the doors and windows, and… and he started killing people and locking them up in his office.  One at a time."  She paused to wheeze, clutching again at her stomach.  "Then he let them out after they'd turned, and things… escalated.  I found him, we fought, and then I killed him, or at least I think I did…"  Her gaze flickered to Steve.  "But by then it was too late to change anything."
When Tony goes home that night, he still feels like shit, but some way, somehow, his heart is just a little bit lighter.
"Like how I've been dying for a long time," Tony answered, and Steve twisted around at that, only reluctantly turning forward again when Tony nudged his shoulder.
Steve stared at him for a long while, and for a moment Tony wondered if he was even going to do anything.  Then he lifted one massive paw, putting it around Tony’s shoulders and pulling him close.  “Oof,” Tony said, because even something as well-intentioned as a hug came off as somewhat heavy-handed when Steve as a sabretooth was doing it, but once he got used to the pressure he leaned forward, burying his face against Steve’s fur.  “So,” he managed, “a hug.  Hugs are good, right?”  He heard Steve snort, and then his neck moved in a way that seemed to indicate nodding, even though Tony couldn’t actually see.
Jessica turned Carol's gaze back onto herself.  "It's my fault, isn't it," she whispered.  "He did this because we escaped."
"No!" Tony shouted back.  Without thinking, he freed his hold from the airship so that he could grab Cap with his good arm, and for a split second, he was falling—
Finally, military man.  This was the most troubling, because Tony had had his fair share of run-ins with military lackeys during the War.  But he was Iron Man, and in the end, he could still go off and do whatever the hell he wanted.  But
Steve laughs, and even though it’s weak and a little pained, Tony still thinks it’s beautiful.  “M-me too,” he says.  “B-but it’s okay.  W-when this is all over, w-we can find another car t-to lie down in.”
When Tony finally lands in front of the hospital, he’s mentally exhausted, his mind fraught with worry for Steve’s well-being.  According to Carol’s last update, Steve’s tentatively okay, but his accelerated healing abilities make surgery more difficult than it should be.  Tony stomps up to Steve’s floor still in his suit, intent on pushing his way into the operating room and—and glaring at the bullet pieces until they pop out of Steve on their own accord, maybe.
Finally, the lights come back on—he’d feared that they were off for good—and he peels himself away from the wall, hyperventilating.  He—he can’t stay here too long.  He needs to move.  So he pushes all the crap away and exits the room, heading up the hall and passing by where Steve is along the way.  He considers opening the door, which has managed to shut again, to check in on him, but no, he shouldn’t.  There’s no
Finally, they were all taken down, and Steve leaned over, looking at the woman inside the car.  She still looked shaken, but she was calmer now, at least.  "Need any help getting out?" he asked.
To Steve’s dismay, Tony laughs at this, but he doesn’t shrug his hand away.  “You’re definitely not real,” he says.  “It’s not possible.  No one’s this…
"Oh, gosh," he said out loud before he could stop himself.  Ma looked back at him from the stove, and Steve quickly ran a hand through his hair, trying to play it cool.  "I mean. It's embarrassing for you to say things like that, Ma."
It still looks like a sapphire to him.  What’s the point of a blue diamond if people are just going to mistake it for a lesser gem?  “Oh,” he says.  “…You know, that basically means that whatever I got you is worth less than this.  You remember what I said earlier about feeling emasculated, don’t you?”
“You’re welcome,” Steve says, then leads him over to a bench and sits down, pulling him along.  “So… do you wanna talk about it?”
They’d make it, he told himself.  They’d get to the top and things would happen and Steve would be back to normal, and then they could go back home and laugh about what had happened and everything would be fine.
Again, Steve just shrugged, getting up onto his feet.  Tony sat up as well, wondering if they were going to take off again when Steve just walked straight into the pond.  “Steve?” he asked.  “What are you doing?”  He looked like he was just… swimming?  “Well, okay,” Tony said, once it was clear that Steve had no intention of answering him.  “Just don’t take too long in there, alright?  We kind of have a deadline.”  With that, he laid back down, going back to staring at the clouds.
Steve couldn't take it anymore.  All he'd wanted to do today was mourn, and now he was in a situation where not only could he not do that, but he couldn't even talk about it to anyone who was here.  Enough was enough.
"No kidding," Stark replied as they sat down, glancing around.  "I'm pretty sure I could build you something better with my bare hands.  Could I?"
"He clearly has some kind of affinity with them," Rhodey continued when Tony failed to reply.  "Don't know that any of us would have even imagined it could serve as a compass.  So it's been useful."
Finally, Tony stops, panting quietly as he braces himself above him, beads of sweat shining on his forehead.  He glances at Steve and grins.  “Okay,” he says.  “I’m in.  Do you need a moment?  Because it seems like you should need a moment.  You’re so damn
in what Tony recognizes as Father’s handwriting.  It’s the car he was driving the day they met, she says, and that was when she
Either way, the coast was clear, and Tony made a run for the other end, which was still going up in flames.  He was cut short when a lone figure burst out of nowhere and crossed his path, and he was just about to raise his gauntlets when he realized—it was
Oh God.  Tony rubbed his face with his hands, eyes squeezed shut as he willed the truth to go away.  There was nothing he could do about it now, though; what was done was done. So he shook his head, then looked through the logs again, realizing that many of his recent voicelogs had been opened as well.  Based off the timestamps, whoever it was had actually listened through the entire thing before moving on to the next one. And - oh, what was
“Really.”  If anything, he supposes it’d be good to meet the kind of people Tony hangs around.  “It’ll be fine.”
"I thought so," Steve replied quietly.  He reached up to take Tony's hand and just held it for a while.  "Because you're the futurist.  You try to mold the future into your vision.  Right?"
Tony doesn’t reply.  Steve seems content to let the conversation drop, going back to his drawing as Tony stares up at the pre-dawn sky.  He gets the feeling that Steve is stealing glances at him every now and then, but strangely, he doesn’t find it awkward.  He’s used to people looking at him, after all, but with others, there’d always been an undercurrent of tension, of fearing that the only reason they were looking was so they could be there when he screwed up—and he’s screwed up a lot.  But with Steve, it’s different.  Things have always been different where Steve is concerned, he thinks.
sounded, drawing his attention back to the airship, and all of Tony's worst fears crowded to the front of his mind, the confusion about the man and discomfort from his skin and arm and side receding into the distance.
"You can't go in there!" Steve snapped.  "Who knows what might be trapped in that hallway?  At the very least I should be going in too!"
“I don’t want to be responsible for your death!” Rogers replied, throwing up his hands.  “How can you do this?”
Not a voice he recognized, but certainly one he could locate.  Taking advantage of the reprieve, Tony spun around the pillar, then fired the gauntlet in the direction of the voice.  He was rewarded by the sound of an agonized shout and what he was pretty sure was the clatter of a weapon falling to the ground.
“G-glad to hear it,” Steve murmurs.  He takes a shaky breath and exhales, and once more Tony watches as the little puff of air is carried away into the night.  “W-when you g-get to land—”
There was a pause.  Then Jessica rushed to Burnside's body, knife flashing, and started to stab him repeatedly until Stark dashed forward, pulling her back.  "Jessica," he said.  "It's over.  He's dead."
he had to privately admit he was pretty jealous that Tony's school could afford to teach foreign languages.  Imagine! French!
Wind whistling past his ears, the Atlantic rushing ever closer, muscles tensing as he braced for impact, and then cold—so cold—and then—
He was so different now.  His jaw, his shoulders, the way he carried himself… it was almost like Tony was seeing another person entirely.  And yet - some things hadn't changed. His lips, the softness of his smile, his eyes - God, his eyes. Grainy and colorless though the newsreel was, Tony would know those eyes anywhere.  It was, to him, a minor miracle that no one in this room was able to look at him and put it all together.
There was another pause, but this time it was Tony, overtook once more by emotion.  Steve spoke of it so lightly, as though the thing that was going to "happen"
“Positive.”  He laughs bitterly.  “What is there to say, anyway?  I’m a sad, rich man.  For all you know, I just heard that I lost all my stock.”  Men have killed themselves over much less, after all.
Soon enough, Steve decided he could stand reliably, maybe even walk, so he shuffled to the black curtains, pushing them aside to find that he'd been right about them covering the windows.  They didn't reveal much aside from a dusky sky and snowy grounds, but since the last thing he'd seen was the Atlantic coming ever closer to him, any sort of land was a relief.  Still, he needed more information, and so he decided to head outside, hoping to find a landmark or something to orient himself with.
"Ah," the woman said.  "Honestly?  Lab supplies.  I was coming from one of the Johns Hopkins campuses when I got ambushed."  She paused and offered her hand to each of them.  "I guess I should introduce myself.  I'm a scientist.  Maya Hansen."
"Yeah, okay, I get it," Ty replied.  "You love your mom and you think she's the best and everything she does is right.  I
"And this is a preserved wildlife refuge, so minimal human interference," Luke added, then continued, when everyone turned to look at him, "I'm just reading the signs, man."
Tony shakes his head quickly, taking his hand again.  “We’re not going to hide it,” he says, and despite his own nervousness, the way it makes Steve light up makes it worth it.  Besides, by now they’ve probably already found the drawing he’d stowed in the safe, so what’s the point?  He leans forward, kissing Steve briefly on the lips.  “Come on.”
“Okay,” he said instead, trying to sound peppy.  “So here’s what we’re going to do.  You’re going to please get that mopey look off your face, because it’s actually kind of depressing, and then we’re going to get our asses up that mountain.  So turn around and let me mount you.”  Wow, that came out wrong.
,” Tony repeated as he fished out a roll of gauze, starting to awkwardly roll it around his arm and watching as the blood started to soak through.  This was really not fun.
was unfair.  Steve couldn't do that to him.  And ultimately… maybe it was for the better.  If he was thrown back into time, if he'd gone into the ice again, and if he could choose for Tony to find him or leave him there that second time around, Steve felt like maybe, even knowing that things would turn out the same way, that he'd be kneeling here in a park with Tony dying before his very eyes—he would choose for Tony to find him.
friends, despite the thing Steve had said in his final voicelog), in the present that very much existed, while Steve was from a past Tony was increasingly starting to doubt had ever even happened.  It had been months since their last switch, and with each passing day, a thought repeated itself in his head, growing ever more insistent: had any of that been real? Because if it hadn't, if all of it had been some grand delusion Tony had come up with, then he was being a terrible friend in favor of some imagined hallucination.  More urgently, it probably meant something was massively wrong with him, though God knew if that were the case, Tony would take that to the grave.
Cap rolled his shoulders, presumably to point out the shield on his back.  "I have everything I need right here," he said.
But he'd seen things now.  He knew things.  Jessica and Carol.  Him and Bucky.  Tony and his father.  It wasn't wrong, and—he had to do this.  For Tony.
"Hello," he replied, a bit lost.  He didn't know who the guy was and therefore didn't know how to treat him.
After what felt like a lifetime of wandering in the desert, he reached his body's limits and collapsed into the sand with a loud clunking sound.  Sand sprayed into the open gaps in his faceplate, and Tony exhaustedly blinked it out of his eyes, wishing he had the strength to remove the suit.  It was so heavy. By this point, though, it seemed like too great a task, and the only thing he was able to actually take off was his gauntlets.
There was no reply.  Steve looked down and found that Tony had closed his eyes, so he kept walking in silence.  Though he kept his own eyes peeled for nearby biters or other unusual sights, there was little to be found.  Grateful for the respite, he continued on, wanting to put as much distance between them and the stadium as possible.
But it didn’t matter.  None of that mattered.  The only reason they were even in this situation in the first place was because Tony had fucked things up, and if the only way to fix things before they ran out of time was for him to fuck
gone, a hospital's not a bad place to hole up.  Medical supplies, a cafeteria, surgical tools you could probably make weapons out of… but fortifying this place would have been a lot of work.  Too many exits."
A few minutes later, he was caught up on whatever had happened while he'd been - hmm - away - and was dressed and ready for the day.  The first thing he wanted to do was to fix Steve's flat feet. "Fallen arches," Steve had called them, which sounded a lot more graceful than the reality.  Steve's mom had them too, and Tony suspected that it was causing the both of them at least some amount of discomfort, since it certainly caused
Fine, so maybe from what he’s heard, Hill acted too rashly, forced Steve’s hand.  But that’s still no excuse for Steve vanishing and starting up a resistance movement.  They’re a couple, for God’s sake.  Steve should have just
, his every breath tickling his member?  Christ, he must be doing this on purpose.  “Yes,” Steve growls, and he finds himself hooking a leg around Tony’s back.  “Trust me.  You’d know if I wasn’t.”
That wouldn't work.  So he'd just tried to wave everything off, and while he was sure Jarvis hadn't actually bought it, he'd at least given him space.
And it’s so easy to forget all of that when he flies into Times Square to see one of his own suits takes Steve down.
The smoke thinned just as the hall split into two, and Steve held back, needing to decide what to do before he lost his cover.  At that moment, a biter tripped over him, and though Steve was quick to throw it off, it was too late—the others had noticed and were rapidly approaching.  Steve held his shield out and bowled through them, nearly running into a wall when the hallway ended.  On a lark, he went right, spotting a classroom door almost immediately after and throwing himself inside.  He kicked out blindly, and not a moment too soon—his foot made contact with the door, and it slammed shut just as the biters started thumping against it from the other side.
Clearly pleased with himself, Tony pulls away, heading into another room and pausing in the doorway, looking back at him.  “You’d better get ready in the sitting room.  I’ll be out in a moment.”  And he shuts the door.
Steve blinked.  He hadn't even realized he'd been doing that.  Somehow, between leaving for the school and now, Tony… Tony had become more than a travel companion borne out of necessity, and Steve cared deeply about what happened to him.  "Well," he said.  "Do you want me to go back to calling you Stark?"
Tony added his light to the wall as well, stepping closer.  “Well,” he said.  “Will you look at that.”  It wasn’t the same as the markings from the rock they’d seen earlier—these were more elaborate, even if in the grand scheme of things Tony would consider them to be rather primitive.  “What do you think?”  They resembled prehistoric cave paintings, but instead of bison and horses, these looked like… well, sabretooths.  He moved his flashlight around, following the progression of drawings.  First there were stick figures chasing the sabretooths, then stick figures running away from the sabretooths, then a bunch of dead stick figures.  Ouch.
"No, Tony," Steve said, his voice more gentle now.  He sighed, looking hard at the wall of the plane.  Tony followed his gaze.  It was slightly more interesting than the ceiling.
“Yeah.”  Steve hears the door shut, then looks down to see Tony’s arms around him.  “They’re probably furious.  But they’re eating dinner with some other rich people tonight, and standing them up would probably make my father’s head explode.  So we have two hours here, give or take.  Maybe more.  It sure beats staying up there in the cold.”
Steve instinctively knew that Tony was right, but he looked down anyway.  There his hands were—pale and unmarked, the way they had been before that day on the aircraft carrier so long ago.  "No," he said.  "I didn't.  It must have disappeared on its own."  He couldn't pretend to explain it.  It didn't follow the rules of nature.  It had bound to him, and then, apparently… it had left.
Steve frowns, and Tony can see the other man putting the pieces together in his head.  “You’re getting your things and leaving,” he accuses after a moment.  “I thought we were going to talk.”
holding you back—?” Tony begins, but Sunset’s already getting into her convertible, starting the engine.  One part of him wants to jump in with her and demand answers, but the other part is frozen in place, and before he can decide which part to indulge, she’s driving off.  Finally, he finds it in himself to step forward, shouting after her—“What did I do
"Are you sure?" Cap pressed.  He'd come even closer, one hand lightly touching the armor.  "I think we need to get you out of this thing.  It can't be very comfortable in there."
Tony snorts even as he obliges, picking up the pace.  “I’d reiterate the whole—ah—pushy thing,” he pants, sliding one hand up Steve’s chest as he speaks.  “But who am I kidding?  It’s as hot as hell.”
“Okay.”  Tony packed up the food he’d poured out earlier, bringing out his gauntlets.  “How do you want to do this?  Should I go with you?”  Steve shook his head.  “You want to go alone?”  A nod.
This was it, his escape route.  There was only a railing and—well, more distance than he'd like between himself and the ground—separating him from freedom, and he was going to take it.  Narrowly avoiding some of the biters that had already made their way up here, he jumped over the railing, holding his shield underneath him and curling up above it.
," Ty replied with mock enthusiasm, though he was clearly more focused on finding the orange donuts than the conversation.  "I can't believe our parents paid thousands of dollars to send us to some place that actually feeds us!"
, right?  Do you remember the issue with Wong-Chu?  Yeah.  There was a point where I was completely alone with the guy and his cronies.  No Rhodey or Virgil to see.  And they just… they were brutal.  I was unconscious for half of it, so I don’t even know what they did.  By the time I managed to escape, I was dying, and I had a repulsor pump installed in my chest.  Rhodey found me and took me back to Jarvis, and we worked out a way to get my heart working properly again.  The problem was, the only way to do that was to keep the pump charged.  If it goes empty, I die.”
“Everything?”  Tony purses his lips.  “Alright, that’s not fair.  Or maybe it is.  What can I say?  Sunset wants to marry me because I’m rich and have a famous father, who gets mad when I want to design airplanes and thinks money made me soft and that everything I do is embarrassing.”  He pauses, then smirks.  “He has a point about the embarrassing part, I’ll admit.”
Steve lets out a soft, nervous laugh, shaking his head.  “Right.  Just… hold still.  I’ve got you.”  And before Tony knows it, Steve’s arms are wrapped around him, hauling him back over the rail.
Well, when he wanted to cheer his own Ma up, he'd draw her something.  Maybe that would work with Tony's Ma, too.
