She walks closer to them, blonde pigtails sticking out from underneath her knit hat, two fuzzy bobbles on the top of it. Her eyes are wide as she stares up at them, looking to be about eight years old. “You’re Tony Stark!” She points excitedly at him before whirling around to look at Steve, face lighting up. “And Steve Rogers! You guys are Avengers, aren’t you?”
crazy while cooped up in the same living space. For a few hours a day, he holes up in his workshop, not really caring if Steve is there or not as long as he sticks to the background while he works. There’s a home gym in the apartment that Steve takes advantage of, happy he has the chance to get out some of his energy and not deviate too far from his normal schedule so he doesn’t go stir crazy. When they are together, Tony is pretty good at finding entertaining enough joint activities for them to take part in. Some of them are innocent: watching movies, playing chess and board games, arguing about baseball strategies, even rearranging some of the artwork hanging on his walls. However, they also take advantage of their many hours of the day being unable to leave their residence by Tony slowly introducing Steve into the intimacies of same-sex intercourse.
Tony nods, knowing not to hold his breath. Plenty of the plans they’ve made to try and meet up have fallen through. He’s come to realize it hurts a lot less if he doesn’t expect anything at all from people. Still, Steve keeps finding new ways to surprise him and at least restore an ounce of faith he has in humanity as a whole. The brief, overnight stay isn’t just an opportunity for a good lay; It’s Steve showing him that all the effort is worth it. That he’s worth it.
They share a laugh at the memory and start to argue about the semantics of that particular holiday. It’s fascinating watching Tony’s cool exterior seemingly melt away as he chats with Maria. Tony seems to have this sort of bickering repertoire with everyone he engages in conversation with, with every word careful and calculated in attempt to get a rise out of the other person while he himself remains impervious. How he talks with his mother feels completely different. Steve supposes no one would know him better than she.
He and the second baseman aren’t nearly as chatty. The Pacific Coast team’s batter finally makes a connection with the ball, earning a double that pushes Tony all the way to home.
“Numb him anyway, just in case.”
Steve looks briefly surprised by the confession, but he schools his expression back into parental diplomacy. Tony hates it. He feels like he’s getting a lecture from boarding school headmaster #3 about his behavior and what needs to change. “I know that this started as just some ploy to get back at your father and prove yourself to the rest of the world, but how you started shouldn’t matter anymore. Look at where you’ve ended up! You first got into engineering and design because of him, right? But you made it entirely your own and something you
than your all. I know this team has at least seven runs in them-- I mean, you guys have to be stockpiling waiting for the end right? That’s why you haven’t scored shit the entire time?” Chuckles ripple through the group. “The dedication to dramatic timing you all have is impeccable, truly, I respect it. As much as I love a last-second twist, let's leave that to the Soap writers and just win this damn thing.”
“There’s my little firecracker!” He grins at her, kissing both of her cheeks much to her delight as he props her up on his hip, feigning a struggle to hold her up. “Jesus, you’re getting so big! What the hell are your moms feeding you?”
Steve watches his best friend crash to the ground, carried by the momentum of his throw. “Bucky!” he immediately sprints over to him, his heartbeat pounding in his ears, drowning out the sounds around him. He has no idea how the game is unfolding, falling to his knees next to Bucky who’s now on his back, clutching his arm.
Scott finally has a clean hit. Steve bolts for home with powerful strides, not a single twinge or falter in his movement as he crosses home plate. Tony doesn’t unclench, staring at Steve from the corner of his eye as the man returns to the dugout, keeping a wide berth from Tony as he chugs a bottle of water. After Cleese hits a double, Thor follows things up with a home run, the next player is out before he can get to first, and the penultimate inning comes to a close. The Avengers now have a massive lead with nineteen total runs,
There is no time to panic. Tony looks over his shoulder at Whitaker. “We’re up by three, you still gonna hold me to this stupid deal?”
requirements just so I could stay in! You said you’d let me keep playing! We’re up by
“Right…” Tony hedges, glancing in confusion between them before he looks to Janet. “So what’s all this about then?”
Ty freezes in the doorway, throwing one last icy look over his shoulder. “At least I’m still at the top. Look at where being honest got
Steve shakes his head, gaze flickering between the placed bets and Tony’s face. “You’re absolutely ridiculous.”
“Stark,” Fury looks him over, hands in his expensive suit pockets. “Coach Romanoff tells me you’re playing the entire game today. Seems like quite the undertaking, are you sure you can handle it?”
“Grief is strange like that,” Steve agrees. He contemplates bringing up that he thought Tony was handling everything very maturely and a lot more put-together than most people would be in his situation, but he decides to keep those thoughts to himself. It’s probably the last thing Tony wants to hear after a life of growing up too fast and having so much expected of him.
“Your parents don’t know?”
Put your keys down, please
“Why did you come here, Steve?” Tony softly repeats his question from earlier.
“I missed you so fucking much,” Tony breaths into his mouth. He slides down Steve’s body, mouth trailing over the planes of muscle along his chest. He braces a hand against his abdomen, feeling the muscles twitch and tighten there as his teeth catch over one of Steve’s nipples. He feels the man’s hand clutch the back of his head, fisting Tony's hair as he lets his tongue lave over the sensitive bud. “How much time do we have?” He asks before switching sides to give the other nipple equal attention.
He’s still thinking about his visit from Tiberius the following week as he waits for the doctors to finish up with his paperwork. Steve brings him fresh clothes and helps him into the wheelchair, leaving him in the lobby so he can pull the car around front. The World Series starts tomorrow. Tony is expected to be there even if he’s not playing, having been mailed his plane ticket to St. Louis and itinerary courtesy of Hill and Coulson. It’s already torn up and settling in the bottom of a random hospital trash can, Tony having purchased a ticket to take him straight home to D.C. tomorrow morning instead. He doesn’t know how any of them believed even for a second that he would show his face in support of them after they’ve essentially dragged him out back, tied him to a tree, and shot him in the leg, left to bled out on his own.
“Welcome back,” Steve says dryly. Not an uncommon greeting, but the basemen usually sounded more smug about it.
The team cheers their concurrence, spirits all lifted thanks to Tony. Maybe they do stand a chance. Putting Tony on the field is a power move in and of itself, and after an inning of three strikes in a row, not a single player even clipping the ball, that could be enough of a confidence shaker to throw the Pacific Coast off their game.
“I’m good,” Steve promises, looking up at all of them. Tony and the medic get their arms around him to haul all 200 pounds of him to his feet. He holds a hand up to the medic who immediately turns her attention on his knee, her hand curling around the back of it.
your face being the first thing I woke up to in the morning. You invited me over for dinner and asked me how my day was despite the fact that we were together for most of it. You showed interest in my hobbies outside of baseball, and I started wanting to know about yours too. This stopped being an outlet for sexual frustration and turned into something I wasn’t at all prepared for! Hell, I can hardly even concentrate during games now because your stupid
Bucky takes a moment to consider his answer. “A little, yeah,” he says honestly. “How we grew up, that shit definitely wasn’t ever considered
There's still two more weeks of regular league play before Tony has to join the rest of the chosen players in Louisiana. It was decided that the host cities would alternate each year between the two leagues. The first game was hosted by an International Team based in Buffalo, and this year it had been decided that the game would take place in New Orleans.
while you’re at it!”
She leaves without another word, Tony sinking back against the uncomfortable mattress to stare up at the ceiling blankly until Steve and Peggy re-enter. Now that he’s fully awake and coherent, he can offer his assurances to Peggy who has remarkably pulled herself together. Before they can ask, he tells them he can’t remember anything useful from the attack and that there’s no point in trying to investigate further and press charges. Steve is visibly upset by this, clearly holding himself back from starting an argument right then and there. He nods, tight-jawed, and fishes a grease-spotted brown paper bag with a big yellow M on it from his bag to set down in Tony’s lap.
She waves him off. “Like I said, it’s not your fault. The only other thing that made me hesitant was the fact that you’re
Tony searches his face, finding no giveaways. “Tell me what? Quit playing fucking games and spit it out already,” He demands impatiently.
They’ve gone through the entire line-up, no subs left. They’re almost back to the top of the batting order, and it looks like Steve will get one more chance at bat. Tony racks his brain for their best possible chance. He knows he won’t let the other team get a single run, so they just need to get one point and they’ve won. He glances back to the field, doing a double take when he realizes who’s now taken to the mound.
Steve wants to stop everything and ask Natasha who their new pitcher is, but she’s clearly not in the mood to discuss it. He starts stretching with the rest of the team, making sure everyone would be ready for the first day back. His teammates were usually completely committed to a good workout schedule during the off season, but he knows Natasha is going to run their practice extra hard today since she’s in a bad mood. The woman’s relentless like that, but it keeps them at the top so Steve has zero complaints.
“If not today, when?” Steve sighs. “You’ve been doing really well with your grief counseling. I don’t want to force you, but if I don’t give you this little push then you won’t do it at all.” He reaches over to rub Tony’s shoulder. “I’ll be right here when you’re done and we’ll go straight to the park.”
“Well, he sounds like a right brat, Steve, but you really shouldn’t get so worked up over it,” Bucky advises, shaking his head. “Seriously, why do you let him get under your skin so bad?”
Excited cheers rise up but Tony blocks them out. It’s far too early for celebration when they have such a strong opponent today.
“Who’s here for Tony Stark?” They suddenly hear from behind them. Both of them are on their feet in an instant, approaching the nurse who had just come through the ER double doors holding a clipboard.
person. “We’ve been in the car for twenty minutes, we’re going to miss our flight if you keep dilly-dallying.”
Steve nods. “Yes, ma’am, born and raised in Brooklyn.”
He dreams about the sensations. Tony’s tongue swiping over his sensitive flesh, the enveloping heat of his mouth, soft hair beneath his fingers as he cradles the back of Tony’s bobbing head, sucking him into the back of his throat without hesitation—
“Wasn’t going to give them,” Steve answers honestly, realizing too late how the comment comes off. He pushes past it, not all that bothered considering how Tony is the one constantly opening with barbed comments. “The team’s going out for drinks. You haven’t really come along to any of the get-togethers and I, erm, think you could have a good time if you came.” Steve isn’t a very good liar, so he can’t risk expressing to Tony that he
“Easier said than done,” Tony grumbles. It is nice at least that he has to be a little less careful with his left hand now that it’s perma-sealed into the hideous lime green prison. He’s pretty sure Doctor Hallstatt picked that color for the outer wrapping specifically just to torture his subordinance. “Thanks for the coffee,” he sighs, taking it with his right hand that’s now fitted in a brace that allows him at least to
She giggles, wrapping her arms around his neck as he leans over to give high fives to the outstretched hands of Clint’s kids. “Mama says I’m gonna be taller than you, soon!”
On top of being in the wedding party, Janet also meticulously planned the event down to the very beat. They all line up in their respective standing order, Steve able to see Tony and the rest of the men and women dressed in red across the greenhouse. As the piano music starts from inside, the doors open, and the two sides of the party meet slowly, one by one, pairing up and walking up the aisle together before lining up at the front of the room before all the guests. He watches as Tony walks towards him, throwing him a quick wink before turning away, striding up the aisle next to Morita.
Steve smiles tightly. "I'll do my best."
Tony doesn’t reply, just continues to stare at the man nervously. Jury’s still out on if he’s going to have to try and duck out of the way of a right hook or not.
He’s being shifted again, hands tilting his head up and away from his knees. “Keep breathing like that, Tony, ready? We’ve got your inhaler, take another deep breath—”
The two companions eat in silence, Steve looking out over the city. He can see most of east Brooklyn from their seventh floor apartment. If he squints hard enough, he can even see the clump of old, deteriorating buildings that was once the block he had grown up on. Nostalgic thoughts of his mom start to set in, and it becomes harder to swallow each bite of his sandwich.
Steve can’t even complain that there’s no room for foreplay, already impossibly hard beneath his trousers as he does as he’s told. He spreads his legs slightly, leaning against the metal rack as he feels one of Tony’s hands slide over the hard line of his cock over his pants. He lets out a breathy moan as Tony undoes his fly for him and pushes his pants and underwear down around his thighs. He bends forward, back arching already as he feels slicked up fingers tease between his legs, sliding from his balls up over his ass, barely ghosting along where he wants them most.
,” she hisses under her breath, her glare furious.
into his prostate, it’s all too much to try and hold back. His orgasm hits him like a freight train, still throbbing in Tony’s hand as he struggles to keep himself standing.
to be where he is at all times. He comes from a similar background as Tony: old money, kind of a shitty father, came to the Triple-A’s to sort of prove himself worthy of a spot in the Majors. He had apparently gotten offers from Major League Teams straight out of college, but he had turned them down to play for the Avengers instead. He’s one of the older vets to the team, having played for them even longer than Steve. If he remembers correctly from what Natasha has told him, Thor has been around as long as she’s been coach.
“At least you admit it,” he sighs before gratefully tucking in. If Steve knows him at all, he’s taking this opportunity to run to the McDonald’s across the street to try and sneak in a terrible, non-healthy burger.
He manages to get a clean sweep of the table aside from the two of them, Tony brushing Clint off with a thinly-veiled “Steve’s knee can’t handle it.” Before he gives up, dragging the rest of the men onto the dance floor while Hank sneaks away to reunite with his wife.
Steve makes his way over to the elevators, jamming the button for the penthouse suite. Security is too busy trying to tame the media outside that no one is around to stop him from boarding.
Even after Tony speaks, it takes Peter a moment to get his bearings. His eyes suddenly snap to the ground as if he’s finally realizing how long he’s been gaping at him. “M-Mister Stark, it’s an- an honor to finally meet you!” He squeaks out, a bright flush to his cheeks as he continues to address Tony while staring at his beat up high tops with crooked laces. “I’m a big fan-- Sorry, I’m sure you hear that all the time,” he winces inwardly at himself and Steve gives him an encouraging pat on the back.
“Bring that head of yours back down from space, Rogers!” he hears Hodges yell from off to the side.
“Deal,” he agrees hotly.
before I was born, Grandpa.”
Tony shifts uncomfortably in his seat. “I have. A lot, actually, just not at the right times I guess. I didn’t when I first got the news... Took me a while to process it I think. Didn’t really hit until I was on the plane to Vienna to—” he swallows. “Identify the bodies.”
you make him. And that’s what matters to me more than anything else.”
Steve snorts. "Expect an apology from Tony Stark? I may not be some kind of chemical engineer drone-creating super genius, but I'm not
“C’mere,” Tony nods to one of the chairs next to his bed. Peter moves almost robotically, coming to sit down next to Tony. His demeanor shifts once again, realizing that not looking Tony in the eye is getting a little weird. Nervous blue eyes flicker up to meet his face, teeth digging into his bottom lip. “That’s how old I was when I first played your old Cap here. Back before we were on the same team.”
They all nod their sentiments.
The lights in the Mom-n-Pop convenience store are turned off, Tony rolling to a stop by one of the three gas pumps. He shuts the car off and lets his head hit the steering wheel. Fabulous. He’s stranded in the middle of some podunk town upstate and didn’t even bother to grab his cell before leaving Steve’s apartment.
Tony feels no such courteous urge, happily eyeing her cleavage. “Not his tastes, but you know I’ve got a sweet tooth.”
The Us Plans have sort of become a regular occurrence in Steve’s routine ever since he discovered Tony’s secret last year. The only person he’s really bothered to hang out with one-on-one in his life of navigating adult friendships has been the person he was always with even as a kid, and that’s Bucky. With his best friend living his own life upstate, Steve is lucky that the pair of them manage to make the time to visit each other. Steve’s schedule makes it hard, especially during travel weeks, but he still gets to see Bucky at least a couple of times a month.
Tony then swears under his breath, dropping his laces in frustration. Steve almost steps forward to offer his help, but Rhodes quickly swoops out of the whirl of moving bodies around them to save the day. “Tone, what the hell are you doing? Here, I got you.” The dark-skinned man crouches down next to the bench.
Longoria doesn’t know what hit him, Tony can see it in his face as he drops his bat and walks off the field, tossing his cap to the ground once he reaches the dugout like a frustrated child. Tony can’t help but laugh, throwing his head back in exuberance. It feels good to finally be where he should’ve been for the past two innings, but he isn’t going to let what can’t be changed distract him from his goal.
Carefully, Steve cups the less-swollen side of his face and presses their lips together. Tony doesn’t have a lot of energy in the bank to pour into it, but it seems like Steve is trying to be gentle with him anyway, just giving a chaste, close-lipped kiss of reassurance that they’re together again. Instinctively, they both pull away rather hastily, Steve checking over his shoulder to make sure no one is peering in on them. The lone nurse has her back to them, no other witnesses privy to their interaction.
Tony looks underwhelmed. "A house," he repeats.
Tony finally came to a stop, turning to hold Pepper by her arms. “Pep. Just stop. I get that you’re doing your job. And I love you for it. But I’m not in the mood right now, and there’s nothing you can say that’s going to get me to go back out there. Now can we just go back to the hotel?”
A cherry red Acura NSX sitting in the nearly empty parking lot isn’t quite what he expects to see when showing up, and it’s obvious that someone else had the same idea to come and practice despite the inclement weather. It’s slowed to a drizzle at this point, but had been alternating between a mist and a downpour all morning.
Steve takes a deep breath, exhaling slowly. “I don’t want this to be over. We’ll figure it out, okay?”
“Then what would you call it?”
of us want you to go
“Janet, of course, is fighting to keep me but said she wouldn’t fault me if I left. And with the way I’ve been playing, at this point Nat would be happy to see me gone,” he chuckles, bringing a smile to Steve’s face as well. “And Pep… Well, she thinks it would be great for me PR-wise. People would see it as honorable, or whatever, especially if we come out and say my dad had mentioned in his will he wanted to see me back in the red and gold and inherit the team one day.”
want right now, Steve?" Tony hisses, his face flushed. "I'm kind of in the middle of something."
Screwball.
They end up losing the game against the Red Wings, and even though it was a close game with few runs scored, Steve can't help but think it's because they didn't have Tony. He still gives Strange a pat on the back and tells him job well done afterwards, and Natasha soapboxes about what they could've done better the entire bus ride back to the hotel. The team is mostly humoring her as they’re all on the same wavelength of not really caring that they lost their second-to-last game of the regular season considering they’re already confirmed to move onto the big post-season game. Steve normally has notes to add during these after-game talks, but this time his heart's not in it. He stays seated.
Tony thinks back to the choppy bits of his memory, but the more he tries to grasp onto details, the quicker they slip away, just like any other dream. Every time he had awoken over the past few days, he remembered the encounter so vividly for only a few seconds before it faded to nothing but the memory of pain and fear. “I don’t,” he says quietly. “I’m sorry, I won’t have anything helpful to tell the police. It was just a group of drunk guys at that bar. I didn’t get a good look at their faces. If they weren’t able to pull anything from CCTV then there’s nothing more I can offer them.”
Steve thinks that those are the most words Tony has ever spoken to him at once that weren’t underhanded jibes or flat-out insults.
Removing his glove, Bucky wipes his sweaty palm against his dirt-stained pants. “I think I’m going to drop out in a couple years and join the rookie leagues.”
Tony turns to see Natasha quietly closing the sliding glass door behind her, walking out onto the porch. She looks much more equipped to handle the December weather, bundled up in a coat, scarf, and gloves.
Tony slams his locker door shut and sinks down onto a bench, jersey unbuttoned and hanging off one shoulder. Steve knows the frustration isn’t aimed at him, and it definitely seems like Tony was ready to get the confrontation off his chest. He sits down next to Tony, placing a hand on his bare shoulder. “I’m sorry to hear that. But your dad is wrong. About all of it. Especially saying you didn’t take the last game seriously. I mean, sure, we lost, but you only pitched for four innings.”
"Brilliant idea!" Peggy claps her hands together. "Is that okay with you, Tony? Steve and I go way back."
He’s never heard Tony sound so unsure of anything. He’s avoiding Steve’s eyes, vulnerability not a particular strong suit of his. “No,” he assures Tony, holding him by the chin and forcing his gaze up. “Honestly, I surprised myself for even coming here in the first place but… I guess I knew the feelings were there. At the time I just wanted to see you.”
Games are an entirely new experience. Tony isn’t wavered by the new level of athletes he’s facing, but it’s definitely not the same as the Triple-As. There’s no such thing as
“Doesn’t mean I don’t like hearing it all the same,” Tony answers smoothly, glancing to Steve in amusement. His boyfriend just shrugs helplessly and leans against the wall, still casually blocking the door with his frame. Subtle. “How old are you, kid?”
Tony peers at him sideways with narrowed eyes. “Huh,
Unfortunately, the strong start doesn’t quite carry them to the place they want to be. The game proceeds with each team only scoring one run for the first two innings. The game has barely begun, and the fact that things are uneventfully even to start leaves the direction the game will soon take up in the air. Tony analyzes the line ups going into the third inning carefully, a handful of substitutions having already been made. Thor is still on the batting order, but doesn’t hold any defensive position, and Tony and Steve are still waiting for their chances at pitcher and third base, respectively.
“Tony!” Steve calls, chasing him down as the boy tries to make his escape to the parking lot. Tony looks like he’s going to try and ignore Steve completely, but no one else is around in the long stretch of hallway leading out to the parking lot.
"Do you really think he had all that much to drink? And being in bed since yesterday—"
They’re the last to arrive to the ballpark, security tight to keep the media and the fans around the front side so the players are able to get in with no issues. Natasha is pretty strict on reporters talking to them before the game starts, so if they have any interviews with outlets, it won’t be until after the game. Tony has a good idea of the kinds of questions he’s going to hear considering he’ll be defeating his former team, Janet providing appropriate answers he can work off of. Of course, he’ll probably stray away from those more curated statements to give a classic Tony Stark quote, but at this point she surely expects a little clean up will be necessary.
Tony’s gaze cuts away. “I told you what this was going to be from the start, Steve.”
Steve just shrugs. “Do whatever you feel is natural. Think about what the counselor told you.”
, breathing against the sensitive furl of skin, gently teasing at it with just the tip of his tongue penetrating him. Of all the people he’s been with, no one has ever made Tony
A few of the PCL players are filtering out of the Stadium now, Hammer and three other Irons players having stopped when they spotted Tony. Spotted is a generous word, Tony thinking that it isn’t an unrealistic notion that Hammer had just been lying in wait to try and “bump into him” during the bit of crossover the teams had in the trade-off.
“If you wanna show up late, be my guest. I like my dick attached to my body and would rather not have Carol rip it off,” Tony interrupts, bounding down his stoop. He unlocks his bike from the rack, waiting impatiently as Ty insists on putting on his stupid fingerless gloves and adjusting the stupid side mirror on his helmet.
?” Steve asks, still a little incredulous the topic has been breached at all. Maybe it’s the atmosphere getting to Tony and making him feel a little sentimental.
“Yes, I think so,” Steve calls out distractedly from the kitchen, poking around in the boxes on the counter. “Did the delivery guys seriously not bring the plates yet?”
“Yeah?”
“Are you nervous about today?” Ty asks over the passing wind as they pedal down the bike lane side by side, occasionally drifting into a tighter, linear formation when they need to make room for other passersby.
More silence. It stretches on, Steve realizing he’s drained the contents of the mug rather quickly, a lone mini marshmallow swirling in the barely-there remnants of what is left at the bottom.
Tony’s short stint in the Majors did wonders for him as a player. He was always phenomenal, but as Steve watches him day after day, he realizes that Carol and the competitiveness of the Major League really has brought out the best in him as a player. His communication with the rest of the team is better, he’s more receptive and less confrontational. Tony would hate hearing it from him, but Steve really does view him as a model sportsman now.
“See you out there,” Tony smacks him gently with his mitt before jogging over to where Vision was crouched by home plate, probably to talk strategy before the game started. Steve is pleased he looks a little more alive than when he had first turned up, thinking to himself that he prefers their Us Plans too.
Howard scoffs. “Stane is a great man and an incredible coach, not to mention part of the reason we have all of this,” he gestured around to their mansion. “The Irons are going to stay the best team in the majors, and once the season begins everyone will see it’s not because of one egotistical brat.”
Both Steve and Nurse Leyva aren’t able to hide their shock at Peggy’s statement. Steve’s mouth is hanging open as he stares at the woman in surprise, not even having the mind to glance around and see if anyone overheard that statement.
"Now that you've all had a few drinks, I figured it was time for speeches and some praise for the players who deserve recognition after this season." This is met with more raucous cheering which Peggy has to silence again. "Alright, you animals, let me get to it or we'll be here all night."
sake."
Rogers.
we can win this now.”
The smile on Tony’s face quickly fades when the reporters drift to another topic, Tony now seeing a much less flattering reel of him and Whitaker yelling at each other.
“Pepper?” Tony mumbles numbly, still gasping for air. He feels like he’s drowning, pinpricks of heat raking across his skin. His eyes are open but he can’t see anything but blackness and shifting bursts of light. “Call— Call, Pepper—” he heaves, feeling like he might vomit at any moment.
Tony falls silent. The wood of Natasha’s table creaks slightly as he sinks back down onto it. His hand is twitching, fingers dancing around in agitation. The tick used to make Steve smile, seeing Tony attempting to form words almost tangibly, hands searching out some way to construct them and understand them better. He wants to reach out and hold them, quell their anxiety. He stays put.
just to avoid tainting the ‘sanctity of marriage between a man and a woman’,” he air quotes, making a noise of contempt in the back of his throat.
Tony isn’t sure why Steve has the impression that he’d be susceptible to anything that some old teammates or his old coach had to say to him, but he doesn’t press the matter any further. He changes into his cleats and hurries out onto the field to work with Bender and the team’s catchers so they can get used to the interaction between one another to try and build seamless exchanges.
“Where are we going?” Steve asks, pulling awkwardly at the crotch of his pants as he attempts to walk around the growing problem between his legs.
With a sigh of his own, Steve humors him and bookmarks the page he’s on, closing the book and standing. He towers over Tony like this now, having a good eight inches or so on the billionaire. “Can I help you?” He asks dryly.
Tony’s fists clench deep in his pockets and he hopes Hammer doesn’t notice. He flickers his eyes over the rest of the Irons players— Kanes, Wellens, and Longoria. “Well the PCL really must be lacking if they let you lot play in the All-Star game. But I guess the Irons try to whore out anyone what with their star player being gone.”
Steve hasn’t had an easy past season either. He’s been back at physical therapy twice a week to make sure his knee is still functioning properly, and has barely seen any league play this season. Despite this, the Avengers are coming off of another Championship game win, this time not even going up against their long time rivals of the Irons. It’s almost poetic how after Tony had moved on, the PCL team seemed to lose steam, coming out at the middle of the season for the first time in a while. Howard was probably rolling in his grave, much to Tony’s own satisfaction. The Knights were just shy of going to the World Series this year, which meant Tony was able to go back to New York during the post-season and properly celebrate with his old team.
walk?”
“It’s beautiful here,” Steve agrees softly, running his thumb gently along the smooth inside of Tony’s wrist. “I can see where his inspiration came from. I could imagine wanting to live here forever.”
“Yeah, if the press ever lets him go,” Bruce checks his watch. “Game starts in half an hour.”
The Triple-A is made up of a mix of up and coming youngsters as well as rehabilitating players who aren't quite ready to step foot in the majors again, but are cleared to play. It'ss certainly less strain and pressure than Major League play with a lesser number of games and a generally more lax season. The attention is divided between media wanting to keep an eye on the fresh newbies right on the cusp of breaking out in the Majors, as well as constantly wondering when their favorite MLB veterans might grace the league once again.
“Well it sure sounds like it! And it sounds like you’re just trying to get me to take the deal so you have an easy ticket out of this relationship!”
The interruption in the form of a quiet knock comes from the doorway, breaking the hostile air. Steve assumes the man standing with a cell phone is one of the butlers of the mansion, because hired caterers were obviously just the tip of the iceberg. "Sir, It's Beijing calling back."
Whitaker’s writing furiously on his clipboard, the cap of the pen clenched between his teeth. “All I saw was a whole lot of showboatin’ out there, and that’s not what’s gonna win this game. But, hey, you seem to like negotiating ultimatums, so how’s this? You prevent
The aftershocks of a panic attack always leave Tony’s mind a little fuzzy. It’s been years since he’s had one— he almost forgot about the inhaler Pepper insists he keep with him just in case it happens again. He remembers Steve finding it once, reminiscing on when he had one because of the terrible asthma attacks he suffered from as a child. Tony had brushed it off like he dealt with the same thing— The air was worse in some overseas countries, so he had been given one by doctors whenever he traveled. He was too embarrassed to tell him the truth. Howard had always called his little “episodes” a cry for attention from a weak-minded little boy. He scoffed at the fact Maria entertained their son with the idea that he couldn't just buck up and be more of a man when anxiety-inducing situations piled up around him, separating him from the rest of reality.
He turns away to open the door, Steve grateful that he misses the visible pain on his face upon hearing that. Tony lets the door swing open but doesn’t leave, looking back to Steve expectantly as he steps aside. “After you,” Steve waves at the door.
Steve hums and catches him by the jaw, pressing a slightly longer kiss to his lips. He’s been spoiled this weekend with the amount of Tony he got, especially after a few weeks of not seeing him at all due to the Yankees’ travel schedule. “Thanks. It was a birthday gift.”
He heads for the door without waiting for Tony. He chances one last glance around the bar to catch a few suspicious stares from curious onlookers before he hops off the barstool and follows after Bucky.
“Oh,” Tony blinks, unsure of why he’s so surprised. Obadiah is still a relatively new coach, having taken the role the same year Tony started playing in 1985. The Irons have been a successful team because of him, but they usually don’t just choose the All-Star coach based on a single coach’s performance. Obadiah’s methods are known for being harsh, his strategy underhanded at best. Not the exact character type the MiLB is usually looking to promote as a leading force to one of their leagues, but to Tony he was just an old family friend whose bark was worse than his bite. “Well, congratulations, I bet Howard’s pretty happy about it.”
“Just going to say hi really quick to a friend that came out to see the game. You guys go on without me, I’ll be right down,” Steve waves them off and sets off at a quick jog.
“Never too early to start training, huh?” Tony teases.
“Why would I be nervous?” Tony asks flippantly.
She takes a quick glance at the ID before sliding it back to him, clicking away at her computer and scanning the screen. “It looks like they brought him in a little over an hour ago. He’s currently in surgery to correct internal bleeding. His injuries appear to be stabilized but he’s still under doctor’s observations to make sure his condition doesn’t get any worse.”
“Yes,” he answers almost immediately, having to clear his throat. “God, yes. Sorry— I haven’t— I just mean that I never—”
As they line up in the tunnel before the match start, waiting to walk out and go head to head against their competition for the second year in a row, Tony realizes his heart is racing from more than just adrenaline. He’s always been competitive for the sake of competition, not because he actually cared about the sport. Ironically enough, maybe all it took was his dad’s passing for him to finally realize that baseball could be something he enjoyed, not just something to excel at for notoriety.
Janet looks a little startled and confused, frowning at Steve. "What? Why do you need Stark's room number?"
His senses return to him slowly, first smelling something vaguely chemical-like, then tasting the dryness over his own mouth as well as something cooling that’s flowing through his airways. The dizziness begins to subside, needling pinpricks beginning at his fingertips and toes and slowly crawling up his extremities, the feeling of numbness fading away and being replaced by a slightly uncomfortable buzzing beneath his skin. He twitches his fingers on one hand, the other one still not cooperating yet. He stares down at it in annoyance, the feeling returning to his face and helping him realize there’s something strapped over his nose, mouth, and chin that blocks his vision. His neck feels stiff and hard to move, his frustration only growing at his plight.
“His inhaler— Potts mentioned he has one. Check the desk—”
his absolutely uncalled for. “Yeah, there’s a reason for that. I’d rather shove a fork in my eye than have to sit around a table and endure uninspiring small talk over cheap beers in some shitty dive bar while we watch Barton fail at trying to pick up women. But you guys have fun,” he walks away from Steve again, throwing a lazy wave over his shoulder.
before she and Natasha leave the room together, the door clicking shut quietly behind them.
. I don’t give a damn what anyone else has to say. You’ve had to deal with this on your own for so long, Tony. I wouldn’t feel right not being right there to help take off some of that pressure.”
Tony's face is still at an impasse as he yanks his hand back and walks back over to the shower. "I know it bothers you, whether you want to admit it to yourself or not," he says, stepping under the shower’s warm spray. Steve watches him push his dark hair back from his face, water sluicing off his back muscles. “Just drop it and treat me like any other player. Pretend you don’t know I like taking it in the ass and that it doesn’t make you not wanna look me in the eye anymore.”
“Strike one!”
Tony doesn’t appreciate the use of
anything,” Steve insists, seeing the joking attitude quickly fade from Tony’s expression. He wonders how many times Tony’s felt like he needed to hear those exact words from someone and never got them. “You didn’t promise your dad you would play for his team again, but you did make a promise to yourself, to me, and to the rest of the team that you were going to beat the Irons in a Championship game. It didn’t happen last year, and it’ll be pretty hard for that to happen this year if you’re playing
Steve is glad he didn’t go for a sip of his coffee right away. He might’ve choked on it.
“Does this not prove I was right to be?!” Tony practically screams, gesturing to himself. “What’s it going to take, Steve?! How many more assaults before you realize you can’t give the entire world the benefit of the doubt and realize that the
Janet shakes her head. Steve can’t even convince himself with those words, let alone persuade someone else. “I know he’ll be okay, but I’m sick of him ignoring authority. This is the entire reason why I was hesitant to take him on but Fury
Everything is riding on this game. Steve keeps that thought in mind as he changes from his nice suit into track pants, a t-shirt, and his warm-up cleats. They’ve come so far in the three short seasons that Steve has been playing for the Stars, and he can’t imagine ever playing for anyone else. He owes everything to this team, this city. He feels a duty to stick with them, win or lose.
"Tony?" he calls loudly, unsure if he'll even be heard over the screeching guitar solo. Something goes flying by his head, Steve barely having time to duck out of the way. It crashes against the wall and hits the floor, sparks going everywhere.
with the subtitle of
“That’s what I fucking
Steve has to fight the urge to smile.
The house is empty when he returns to Truro, walking back out onto the porch with bare feet to find Steve down by the water with his sketch pad, laying out on a foldable lounger. His legs muscles are starting to ache as makes his way down the precarious stairs built into the cliff face.
Tony grunts. “Coulson and Hill run a pretty tight ship and don’t really let us out of their sights. But I suppose I could sneak away to the bathroom for a quickie in the stall…”
They’re all announced by name as they line up on one side of the field, all twenty-seven of them being met with a cheers from the crowd above. The Pacific League comes out after them to the same reception, Tony immediately catching Hammer’s eye. The bastard has the nerve to wink at him and spit on the ground as they line up opposite. Tony doesn’t care who sees it, there’s no way he’s shaking that fucker’s hand after all is said and done.
“Not that much,” Steve backtracks, but doesn’t fight it as Tony grabs his hands and drags him out of his chair.
about baseball!” Tony erupts, slamming his knees into the underside of the table as he shoots up to his feet. “I never have! I couldn’t find a shit to give about this
“Not really.”
has been let into his space the way Steve has during these past few days.
She pauses to let this sink in. There’s already some excited and surprised sounds amongst the players. Steve had been told about this beforehand, but he almost forgets the MiLB is doing this sort of trial run. Normally, the pre-season games are only against teams within your own district, but this is an exciting switch up.
in his mid-thirties, as Bucky who’s one year and four months older loves to remind him. He can’t imagine stopping anytime soon, but maybe he should start lining his ducks up just in case his knee injury decides to flare back up and take him out of commission sooner rather than later.
He sees a brief moment of confusion flicker across Tony’s face as he leans over him, reaching out to scoop the smaller man into his arms. Tony buries his face in Steve’s chest, frame still trembling as the steam rises up around them and slowly warms the pair up. Tony’s fingers feel like icicles as they curl against Steve’s back, hugging him closer as his sobs begin to slow and his breathing returns to normal. They stay like that for an immeasurable amount of time, Steve letting his head rest against the top of Tony’s, eyes closed as the scalding water continues to run down his face and body.
Tony can’t really think of any third musketeer he remembers being mentioned in all of Steve’s regalia about his and Bucky’s time spent in New York, but then again, just because he knows Steve isn’t the most social butterfly in the world doesn’t mean Bucky can’t be.
He has no idea what he’s supposed to say to her. She’s not exactly the sentimental type, and Tony is far from being a poster child for open and honest communication.
Echoing winds howl through the structure of the parking garage, Tony dropping his keys twice before he’s able to get them in the door and get inside. He struggles to get the keys into the ignition, collapsing back into the seat when he finally gets the engine on and the heat going.
Steve digs around in his hallway closet until he procures a basic tool bag, bringing it out for Tony’s inspection. He pokes around inside for a moment and makes a nonpartisan noise before sitting down cross legged by the TV and unplugging his tape player to drag it out onto the floor in front of him. He purses his lips and looks at the separate device Steve had specifically to rewind the tapes and he yanks that over as well.
“Let him do it!” Tony argues jumping to his feet. “I’ve got the best lawyers in the country in my back pocket who will happily drag his ass to court.”
“Did you always know you wanted to play baseball?” Tony inquires, seemingly out of nowhere as he examines a forkful of berries before deciding they’re fit for consumption.
“It’s not my fault!” He denies vehemently. “I wasn’t just going to sit there and let Hammer spew all that shit about me! He harassed me all weekend and he got what he deserved.”
“No!” Steve takes a step forward, standing his ground. “This will pass— We can
Steve is too shocked to respond for a moment. They had never explicitly talked about their contracts with each other, but Steve was under the impression from Phillips, Peggy, and almost everyone on the team they were being treated as a package deal.
The entire team is going out for celebratory drinks after. Steve is so wrapped up in making sure all his players get their well-earned praise and critiques for their performance that he almost misses Tony slipping out of the locker room after his shower.
They had all thought convincing Tony to take the job would be a lot harder than it ended up being. Carol had suggested it as a joke over drinks one night as they were pawing through resume after resume to find a good fit for their rag-tag little crew. Suddenly they were taking the throwaway comment into serious consideration, and before they knew it they had approached Tony with the idea. He had already decided on retiring from the Yankees, Steve figuring he would go back into being a distant advisor and investor through Stark Industries as a man who hadn’t even hit his forties yet and had a life that was far from over.
"Nice ride, Steve."
He should call Tony and thank him. Steve knows that he’s probably suntanning on an exotic beach somewhere right about now, but he still has his home phone number written down in his address book and figures the least he can do is leave him a nice message to come home to next year. He holds the receiver of the phone to his ear, twisting the spiraling cord around his finger while he listens to the phone ring.
And Bucky’s going to try and get him out to prevent that run from happening.
“Fifty thousand,” Tony blinks up at him. “I figured that’s plenty allowance for the both of us, but if you want more—”
It’s hard to hear someone talk about Tony that way, and becomes even harder when it’s coming from the man’s father himself. Sure, Steve and Tony aren’t exactly chums. They have their issues, and there are some days where Steve just wanted to snap and call Tony out for all the things Howard had been doing all night. However, no matter how infuriating or obscene Tony acted, he’s still a part of the team, and Steve would never undercut his own player in that way.
The man in the bed looks between Steve and Tony in surprise, not saying a word. Steve turns to look at Tony who's glaring at the ground in defeat, his jaw tight.
Steve decides to keep his distance during practice. Natasha works one-on-one with Tony for most of it since he missed the last game, letting Steve lead everyone else in their focus drills. Even though the regular season is almost finished, they still have two more games and then a week break before the Championship game against the Irons. This year being the first in a while that they’d be playing in the post-season, their hunger for victory is even stronger. Steve pushes himself extra hard during this practice, doing everything and anything to keep him from watching Tony out of the corner of his eye. He's dripping with sweat by the time Nat blows the whistle.
He and Tony hadn’t gotten off on the best foot upon their first meeting. The All-Star game had been tenuous circumstance, and Steve has to remind himself it’s not fair of him to judge Tony’s character during a high-profile event fueled by rivalry. The most he knows about Tony are things he learned second-hand, rumors that bounded down the grapevine as quickly as it could grow. Aside from an occasional lock of eyes during practices, Steve really hasn’t had any one-on-one time with Tony since he officially joined the Avengers. If he’s being honest with himself, he’s sort of afraid to. As if one more interaction will be able to confirm things about Tony’s personality that Steve knows he can’t get past with an amiable face.
Tony cleans up when they’re done, allowing Steve to quietly slip into the shower where Tony joins him after. There’s a little half-assed foreplay involved, but they’re both too exhausted after a hectic first day of Spring Training to really get anywhere past some open-mouthed kisses and lazy groping. Steve might be painfully aware of his age at times, but when Tony is a man in his prime and still finds Steve attractive even at fifty-two, he must be holding it together pretty well.
, not because he’s overcompensating for any of his own inadequacies, but because he’s
He presses his face closer, burying his nose in the soft hair on the back of Tony’s head. “There was a fair amount of luck and chance involved for us to end up together.”
Realization suddenly dawns of Steve right as he hears footsteps echoing from behind him. Of course. How did he not figure it out sooner?
Tony wonders if it had been easier to come out to Bucky than admit the identity of the person he was sleeping with. Realistically, he was probably just trying to keep Tony’s secret safe as well— he had no right to out even his boyfriend to
that in the public spotlight.”
The redhead glares, her jaw clenched tightly. "Everyone back to running drills. Suicides until I call time," she snaps. The team, now including Tony, marches over to the foul lines to begin their suicide runs.
Tony looks between the two. "You guys know each other?"
“What tickles your fancy here?” Tony asks as they start walking through the casino areas, weaving their way around the bright, attractive gambling machines, hostesses with trays held up above the crowd, and swaths of people crowded around different tables. “I’m a bit of a Craps man myself, but I don’t know what you’re into.”
“Listen, this is gonna be a long enough car ride, so why don’t we just cut the shit?” Bucky fixes a glare on him before turning his eyes ahead again. “Since I retired I’ve watched every single one of Steve’s games, which for the past few years, has meant I’ve also watched every single one of
“Tony…” Steve sighs. “You don’t have to throw yourself back into it because you think it’s what people want from you. What you need is important too. Your parents
“Hm,” Tony makes a sound of his throat that doesn’t sound the least bit interested. He tosses the blanket off his legs and stands up. “You have a lot of movies,” he notes, nodding towards the collection against the wall. There is a large bookshelf next to the TV, pretty much stacked full of VHS tapes as well as some overflow of his vinyl collection that continued on another shorter book case against the other wall, his record player sitting on top of it.
around.”
The ringing is back. A high pitched, continuous wail reverberating in his inner ear, irritating him to no end. He wants to shake his head to rid himself of the sound, but finds it difficult for his body to follow the function his brain is trying to perform.
The next thing Tony sees is a scrawny looking teenager get pushed into the room, the tops of his shoulders seemingly connected to his ears. Steve’s got his hands on the kid’s back, guiding him into the room and pushing the door shut with his foot behind him to prevent escape.
"Hey Mandy," Steve nods at the spectacled high schooler behind the counter. "Mind if I log onto the computers? I'll try to be quick."
“But I am!” Tony says, exasperated. “I’m sorry, Steve. You know I don’t mean it like you’re stupid. But I do have more experience than this than you do. Both with public perception, and with harboring this fucking secret. You didn’t even realize you were gay until we met— and trust me, I’m glad you did, it’s been great for me— but just trust that I know what’s best for this situation, and you coming out and us exposing our relationship will tank
"No, but—"
“It’s been too long,” Tony agrees. “How’s the wife and kids? The twins just started school, right?”
"I've been dead to him for years, what do I care?" Tony ducks out of the way when a wrench goes flying by his head. "Alright, alright, I'm going, jeez!" Tony sets his blowtorch down and wipes his grease stained hands on his pants.
Another hour passes before Tony begins to stir, the blanket falling to the floor as he stretches his legs out and drags himself into a sitting position. His hair is matted on one side, a bit of dried drool on the corner of his mouth that he wipes off on his sleeve. Even then, Steve can’t help but think he looks terribly attractive.
Boys from the International League with no stake in the fight manage to separate The Avengers from the fray, Hammer’s teammates doing the same to get Hammer out of reach when they realize they’re outnumbered. “How long did it take—” Hammer screams at Tony’s teammates, arms locked behind him as his cronies struggle to hold his wriggling body back. He’s bleeding heavily from the nose, Tony watching the red spray from his lips with satisfaction. “—For him to drop to his knees and blow every last one of you?!”
Steve is getting odd looks from residents of the complex as he comes in, dripping puddles on the floor. He’s out of breath by the time he makes it to the receptionist desk, the young lady behind it smiling politely if not a little nervously.
“Maybe it’s both,” Steve suggests.
formulas
for a moment during the extended break time. His hands are shaking as he stands in front of the sink, clutching at the porcelain until his knuckles turn a similar shade.
The talking immediately halts when they enter. Steve crosses the room to get a good angle on Tony, the hospital staff immediately stepping aside so his view is no longer blocked. He’s unconscious, laying on his back with his arms at his sides. There are bruises and swelling on his face, and a bandage wrapped around his head. He can see the dried blood clumped in his hair by his temple, as well as some rust color seeping through the bandages. Purpling bruises are blossoming along his face and down his neck, visible beneath the bandages and oxygen mask over his face. He’s got IV’s stuck into his elbow and some wires going underneath the fabric of the gown and a brace on one hand that goes all the way up to his forearm, the other wrist heavily bandaged. His eyes are closed, form eerily motionless. Tony is never this still, even when sleeping naturally. He’s constantly twitching or shifting around, and even if his body is mostly static, his eyes can always be seen moving around behind his lids, face occasionally tweaking into some sort of expression based on whatever kind of vivid dreams he’s having. The only sign of life is the constant beeping of the machine next to him.
“Jerk,” Tony says fondly, nudging him with his elbow. He finishes lacing up his shoes and immediately climbs up on a table to call out the best bowlers among them to challenge them. Tony’s never bowled a day in his life, but something tells Steve that he’s going to be a natural at it.
“Sure,” Tony answers vaguely, trudging back down the hill towards the cursed Pinto. “All emotional scarring is now healed, time to get on with our lives.” He hears a heavy sigh behind him and can’t fight his smile.
The melody is unfamiliar at first, but Steve soon recognizes it as the same song he had heard drifting out of the Starks’ mansion parlour from a couple of years ago. Tony plays more confidently now, as if he’s not quite as unfamiliar with the instrument as he was to times prior. As the music swells, Steve finds himself on his feet and gravitating closer.
! Steve, that’s a big
pretty uncomfortable, but he’s too distracted with the man on top of him to be that concerned over it.
to ask, there have been offers from at least half of the Major League teams to buy you out from us since you started playing for our team. Of course no one dared to make the offer before when you were playing for your dad, and back then you were such a little shit that no one wanted to deal with you
It’s not as emotional as he’s expecting. They had their suspicions, of course, but everyone puts on a brave face to wish him well in the Majors, making their own drunken speeches as the night winds on to make sure Tony knows how much he’ll be missed.
“Riding,” Ty grabs Tony’s bike helmet off the coat rack by the door and tosses it to him. “But we really should take at least fifteen minutes to stretch to prevent cramping, especially since you just ate such a high protein meal—”
. There’s a difference.” Steve is turning forty-two this year. A majority of players don't even stick around for that long, so it was a well-expected announcement for quite some time now.
"Is what Bucky told me true?" He demands as he flies into the room.
"What was your big dream purchase when you realized you were making a career out of baseball?" Tony asks, clearly shifting the subject into something more personal to Steve rather than himself.
Steve has absolutely no idea what Howard would want to keep in touch with him for, and when glancing over to Peggy's arched eyebrow, he’s sure she doesn’t know either. "Great to meet you, it’s been a real honor," Steve replies.
“Alright, you know the doctor’s orders. Lay down,” Steve instructs with a smile, kissing the top of Tony’s head and steering him towards the large bed in the room. “Why don’t you get yourself comfortable and pick out a movie or something? I can order some dinner up—”
Steve makes an interested noise from the bed, Tony glancing back at him. He’s smiling faintly and gestures to the TV with the remote. “
“Done,” Tony calls out to him in what can’t be more than twenty minutes later. Steve walks back into the living room to see his VCR back on the stand an in one piece, pieces of his rewinder still on the floor in a neat little pile.
The kiss is uncoordinated, messy, and completely exhilarating. At first, Steve thinks his first instinct is to pull away, tell Tony “
Steve nods. "Upstate. We were extremely poor growing up. My dad wasn't around for too long and my mom worked tons of jobs just to make ends meet. I loved Brooklyn, but it was always my dream to one day have enough money that I could buy a house for me and my mom in the country upstate. A big yard, white picket fence, porch with a swing, all that good stuff."
make me not worry about you any less. You don’t get to just remove yourself from someone’s life and expect them to forget everything.”
"You should've seen me with the kid. I feel like an actual cougar taking candy from a baby," the voice laughs. "Yeah, already got his room number... Tony is such a naïve kid, the way he was mooning over me stroking his ego at the bar... Oh I'll do plenty more stroking, you know I have my ways." Steve quickly realizes this is a one-sided conversation, and she must be talking on the phone. "I'll get that out of him and more. I'm sure he'll be ready to spill every juicy detail he has about Stark Industries and how he
“It’s not all about
“Me too.”
Tony levels a glare at all three of them, it settling on Rhodey last. “I know how to pitch,” he spits in annoyance before storming back to the mound.
Maybe Tony doesn’t do the “relationship” thing, but Steve is pretty content to have whatever
The following practices don’t go much better than the first one. Tony is continually tardy, but doesn’t seem to mind staying late to work one-on-one with Natasha. Steve almost suspects they’re actually warming up to each other, and he hates the twist of anger inside of him when he actually spots them joking around together before the start of practice one day. It’s hardly like watching two familiar friends, but there’s almost a mutual sibling-like relationship he can see growing, Natasha shoving an undeterred Tony away by the face when he tries to flip through the pages on her clipboard.
He appreciates that Bucky is there to look out for his well-being and offer him the out he wanted. It isn't right to be selfish, not right now. He has an entire team of players who he shouldn't shun during what is supposed to be one of the greatest moments of their collective careers just because he can't share it with one other person. Bucky will be with him tonight, not to mention the fact that he’ll be celebrating just as raucously as he would if he had been on the field today.
He pulls a blanket off the back of the sofa and lays it over Tony despite the apartment being perfectly heated. Steve wonders how long these little naps of Tony’s usually take, but he supposes he can estimate it given the time he normally rolls into the Polo Grounds.
about Bucky's injury is now pushing him further in the direction of ignoring the problem and expecting it to just disappear.
“Excited to be going home?” Steve asks encouragingly, resting his hand on Tony’s thigh as he goes to drop him off at his hotel for tonight.
"A what?"
“Can you hear us? Tony, hey, look up, kid.”
The locker room is empty as Steve quickly sheds his layers and changes out of his thick, woolen socks and worn-out boots into his baseball socks and cleats. His car had been giving him trouble that morning (what else is new) causing him to run late to the first practice of the new season. He hurriedly grabs the gear from his bag and makes his way onto the field where the rest of his team is waiting, all chattering excitedly while doing their warm-ups.
!” Steve finally bursts. Tony’s retort dies in his throat. Steve grabs him by the shoulders and for a terrifyingly exhilarating moment, Tony thinks he’s about to get kissed.
“Eh, somewhat. It’s usually off by up to three games overall, but it’s not a bad way to evaluate the offensive and defensive aspects of a team… There’s always room for deviation because of luck and chance though, which can make predicting a team’s future win-loss ratio difficult…” Tony might have more to say about it, but is cut off by the yawn that forces its way out of his mouth.
She laughs and gently pries Tony off of her, settling herself against his side with an arm around his waist to best avoid his flailing arms. “I’m happy to see you too. You were amazing out there today.”
“I’m forty-five, I’m not dead,” Steve huffs under his breath.
He strikes the next two batters out, and the third is tagged out on first by T’Challa. It’s the complete opposite of the first inning, including how the Avengers perform when it’s their turn to bat. They get a couple batters on base, but even when Bruce comes up for the sweep, the Irons’ center fielder makes a risky dive and catches the ball for their third out, neither score moving an inch. A rather uneventful second inning all things considered.
catching him eyeing me up in the showers,” He shudders dramatically. “But no one can fault you— Even a wholesome, devout Catholic man like yourself must’ve found it impossible to resist a pretty little fairy like that constantly coming at you,
Rhodey takes a step back, placing his arm on Steve's shoulder. "Whoa, buddy, what's the rush? Last I saw him he was heading back to his room." Steve takes off running before Rhodey can say anymore.
She smiles approvingly at him, crossing her arms. “You’re gonna go off and make us all real proud, kid. Be sure to thank me in your big victory speech when you win your first World Series. Now let’s go inside before you freeze to death,” she wraps an arm around him and leads him back into the apartment.
“Tony!” Thor greets in a booming voice. There’s two rows of seats in the rear section of the car, Tony crouching as he climbs into the back.
The sound cuts midway through the fourth ring. “Hello?”
The Irons’ opener is a power hitter and ends up sending the ball sailing to the far corner of the park. It gets fumbled and rolls, Quill scooping it up late and struggling to get it into the infield. Steve does his best to try and save the play once the ball gets to him, but it’s too late. The Irons’ player makes it all the way to home, scoring a run and tying the game up yet again.
It’s so bright outside that Steve hadn’t even bothered to really look out and see what the city is looking like. He has to squint again as he approaches, hand coming up to shield his eyes from the light just so he can squint out into the blinding whiteness. There’s not much for his eyes to adjust to, because the city does just look plain
The Avengers have gotten a lot of new recruits with Tony and a few others leaving, just as Janet had been pushing for. Most of the pillars still remain, the biggest loss from the season clearly their star pitcher. Steve feels optimistic about their chances this year, but everyone is clearly taking some time adjusting to the new lineup that is now very devoid of one hotheaded frontman.
Tony, however, is none the wiser. Steve takes his stance again, squaring his shoulders as his fingers clench around the handle of the bat. Tony's form twists as his arm pulls back and then snaps forward, the ball flying down the line. Steve lets his body follow it's natural, practiced swing, expecting that familiar crack as his bat connects with the baseball. He watches the ball come towards him, a curveball. Tony hasn’t thrown out too many of those so far, as that sort of pitch is too predictable and is actually one of the easier pitches to call early in a swing.
Ty smiles at him and walks over to the cabinets before tipping the carton over and dumping it down the sink.
“There’s my little guy,” Steve grins, Natasha passing the baby carefully into his arms. He still feels so
Peggy last week that I’m clear to play!” Bucky is almost laughing at this point, throwing Steve an amused look as he comes to stand next to him, tossing his own duffel bag into his locker. “Go on, tell him, Steve.”
get over yourselves and learn to deal with a little trash talk.”
It’s an overcast day, but the clouds are fluffy and light with no promise of rain. Steve and Bucky are both starting, heading to their designated spots since the visiting team would be batting first.
,” Tony breathes, wincing a little as he straightens his back and stretches out his legs experimentally. “I should steal bases more often if this is what it gets me.”
One ham and cheese sandwich later, Steve squeezes out the window and onto the fire escape to eat. He hears a soft meowing and looks down at the little scrap of a kitten that normally comes around all the tenants of their building begging for scraps. Bucky and Steve feed him the most, and had affectionately named him Patches.
“Fucking hell, Barton, just give me the damn remote—”
“I’m good, I’m good,” Steve hears Tony mumble against Rhodey's shoulder. Steve still stands, frozen in one spot as players move around him to give Tony hugs or comforting pats on the shoulders. Their pitcher nods at their commiseration, expression still giving nothing away. Natasha stands off to the side with arms crossed and lips pressed in a tight line, Steve the last player not having retreated to the dugout.
“The doctors are examining him now to determine the full extent of his injuries. We’re not sure what the cause is yet, but it appears to be some kind of assault. He has suffered some head trauma as well as multiple contusions, broken bones possible internal...”
Her eyes dart up, but don’t meet his, instead landing somewhere past his shoulder. He turns around, realizing that her office isn’t empty. Every last bit of air escapes his lungs. He feels like he’s been punched through his chest— Being punched through his chest would feel less painful than what he’s experiencing right now.
"Who else are we taking from the Irons?" Tony asks as he combs back his tufts of hair that refuse to behave even on the best days.
The casualties were limited. Very few of his close friends were even aware of the true nature of his and Tony’s relationship, making it easy to repress all emotion and feeling towards it. He’s had a decent past couple of Tony-free years. Soon enough, he might finally be completely over him.
“What are you doing here?” He blurts out. “I-I didn’t realize you were back in town. I figured you would…” His shoulders sag and he steps closer to Tony, a hand outstretched in the space between them without quite touching him yet. “No one would blame you if you need more time, Tony. It’s only been a few weeks—”
The second pitch goes as expected. Rickenwald makes contact with the ball and initially makes a dash for second, but changes his decision last second when the fielders give him a run for his money, and he has to settle for a single instead. Good. Tony needs as much support as he can get from the rest of the team.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Maybe I wouldn’t lose it so much if it weren’t for your stupid rule.”
As kids, they had always had a friendly competition going on between them. Sarah used to joke that as soon as Bucky did anything, Steve was quick to copy it. Unfortunately, that still rings true.
Tony doesn’t dignify the dig with a response as he walks over to the closet, unzipping his garment bags to try and pick what he’s in the mood for tonight. He pulls out some fitted grey slacks and a dark red shirt, forgoing the suit jacket for now. He stands in front of the mirror, tucking the shirt into his pants and noticing the way the fabric stretches a little bit tighter around his shoulders and chest. He hasn’t had too many of his older suits re-fitted since arriving in New York, but he was sure there were a few tailors he could get some recommendations on. Tony adds a thin gold chain around his neck, dipping his hands into some of his mousse to slick his hair back while it’s still damp. He glances back at Steve who is still unassumingly sitting on the bed, probably reading a bible or something.
I thought it was just some stupid leftover crush from when I was a teenager. Once I realized you were attracted to me too, I thought I could just get it out of my system with a few good fucks, show you the ropes, and then we’d go our separate ways because we’re clearly too different to try and function past that. But,
“My contract was only for a year,” Bucky says slowly. “You didn’t know?”
Tony holds the door with both hands, trying to force it closed. "I don't know what the fuck you're talking about, man! Just leave," he sounds desperate now, pressing all of his body weight against the door to try and keep Steve out.
Peggy starts speaking again, listing off all the names of the notable players this season and their accomplishments, Steve cheering and clapping for all of his fellow teammates. "...And lastly, our newcomers, Rogers and Barnes."
He knows all about Rogers. How could he not when his father was such a fanboy towards him?
His fist connects soundly against the center of Hammer’s face. He
"Missed ya," the former baseman answers simply before pushing himself off the weights. "Naw, I was here for more physical therapy."
He eventually makes it to the safety and warmth of Tony’s apartment lobby, breathing hard with extremely red ears and nose. The lobby is desolate, no staff or resident in sight but decorated lavishly with towering Christmas trees and tinsel hanging from the walls. Steve tries to unruffle his appearance in the elevator, shoving his hat and gloves in the pockets of his coat as he attempts to push his hair back into something that doesn’t quite resemble a bird’s nest.
Tony scoffs to play off his embarrassment, realizing now that parts of his clothes did feel rather sticky and reek of champagne. He tosses the envelope into Steve’s lap. “It’s all yours buddy. Consider it payment for babysitting last night.” Before Steve can protest he strides into the bathroom to clean himself up.
glancing up only when he notices Steve driving almost the opposite direction of the stadium. “Do you need directions, Gramps?”
Steve scoffs, shaking his head. “That might work for you, but I don’t really like those odds.”
“Tony… Stark…” Steve pants. “Is he… in? My name’s… Steve… Steve Rogers…”
An impatient whine rumbles in the back of Tony’s throat at Steve slowing the momentum, anxious hands removing Steve of his suit jacket and immediately flying to the rest of the buttons. “We should- make this- quick-” Tony mumbles between kisses. “Someone- will notice- we’re gone-”
Tony stops, turning to look at him. Clear blue eyes are earnest and searching, flitting over Tony’s face before landing on where his hand is fisted in the sleeve of his jersey as if the limb had acted out of his own accord. “Good luck,” he eventually settles on, looking like there’s so much more he wants to say.
He hears Steve’s head shift against the grass in a nod. “In a weird way, I think I would too. As much as I don’t like some aspects of it, New York is all I’ve ever known.”
Bucky has always had his "bad elbow" on his dominant left arm, which he’s always played off as nothing more than that. After the years of playing baseball, Steve tends to keep a close eye on it. His last attempt to bring it up to the team's trainer didn't go too well, Bucky refusing to acknowledge it because it hasn’t affected his playing so far.
Steve pulls up his own stats card just to compare them side-by-side. The only section Steve has Tony fairly well beat in is fielding, namely: assists, double and triple plays, range factor, and total chances. Tony’s ultimate zone rating is ahead of Steve’s, just barely, but that’s incredibly impressive for someone who is almost always pitching and rarely a defensive player. Steve is proud of his UZR, which is the overall ability of a fielder to defend their “zone”, so the fact that Tony’s even ahead by a fraction of a percentage is… impressive, to say the least.
Tony’s gaze sharpens, nose wrinkling as he frowns. “Didn’t really want to listen to people praise my abusive dickhead of a father all day. Any reason you didn’t go? You’re the son he always wanted, you had way more of a right to be there than I did.”
There are fans in the lobby when they leave, both of them stopping to sign a few things and shake a few hands on their way out. Steve has gotten so used to Tony’s chilly exterior, that he almost forgets how good he is with people. It’s also easy to forget that despite all the controversy, there are plenty of people out there who like Tony—
of all people?!” Janet’s yelling as soon as the door swings shut. “I swear it’s like you
“I don’t need an answer right away,” Janet says. “The Avengers can’t get rid of me that quickly. I’ve got plenty loose ends to tie up, but I’d definitely feel like everything is a lot more secure if I can place my team in the hands of someone I know I can trust.” She smiles at him, squeezing his hand once more. “I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t believe you could do it. You know that.”
Already having an inkling as to what it could be, Steve carefully pulls out some of the glittery tissue paper to reveal a vintage Polaroid camera sitting in the box, along with a few small packets of what must be the film cartridges. In awe, Steve slowly lifts it out of the box, almost in disbelief at how close it is to his now obsolete camera that sits on a bookshelf in his bedroom as more of a momento than anything else. It had stopped functioning properly years ago, and just like Tony’s note had pointed out, Steve found it near impossible to find a replacement for it that actually works properly. With all the developments in film and photography, everyone has moved onto the digital space. While Steve can see the appeal and convenience of what digital cameras provide, there’s nothing quite like a point and shoot with an instant development, no fancy tricks. There’s too many buttons and settings on those new cameras anyway; Steve doesn’t even know where to start.
And gets tagged out. Outcry rises up from the stands as the ref blows the whistle for their third and final out in the ninth inning, the Avengers losing 6-4. Steve’s hands go up to his hair in frustration, pulling at the roots as he watches his teammates walk off the field. It’s not so much the loss that has his frustration rising, but the fact that, yet again, Tony decided to go against his direction in some wild card attempt at a last-second win.
Now he’s starting to regret the interruption, wishing he kept his mouth shut so he could be hearing Steve’s story about his elderly neighbor’s deaf beagle instead of being trapped in this horrible conversation. Tony closes his eyes, trying to absorb the words that just came out of Steve’s mouth. “No, Steve.”
“I don’t want to.”
in any way shape or form makes an uneasy laugh bubble forth. They’re normally on such opposite ends of the spectrum, diametrically opposed since even before they had met face to face.
Tony’s heels dig sharply into his back as his entire body bows outward, Steve leaning back to watch his face as he falls over that edge. His flushed prick is straining upwards against his belly, bobbing between them as Tony continues to bounce on his cock. “With me,” Steve pants out, grabbing onto Tony’s hip with one hand to keep him seated fully, grinding himself up against that sweet little gland inside of him. “Come with me.”
“Uh, Steve,” Tony interrupts. “I don’t think you’re going anywhere.” He jerks a thumb over his shoulder to the window.
Steve rubs it absentmindedly, not looking up from his book. “It’s fine. I think that run this morning did it some good, but I’ll need to lay off it for the rest of the day to be sure.”
. His friends of course didn’t know the extent of their parting, but the whole team could sense something was off. Even Peter kept his mentions of his idol to a bare minimum after enough elbowing from Bruce whenever Steve was in the room. He turned his eye away from newspaper stands with headlines or magazine covers that had anything to do with Him. He went back to being ignorant of any and all reports in the baseball world, knowing He would be brought up at one point or another.
use his fingers.
“Maybe the time in between—”
A lump suddenly finds itself in the middle of Tony’s throat and he struggles to swallow it down. Steve knowing or not knowing about this hadn’t even crossed his mind. “I don’t see what Steve has to do with any of this,” he says as neutrally as possible.
“So you weren’t upset?” He asks.
Steve’s brow furrows, not sure if Tony is joking. “Wait, you’re just living here? You’re
“Tony has, um, he’s been doing pretty well in the Triple-A’s, at least,” Steve continues meekly, the air around the ridiculously-sized dining table growing more hostile by the second. “It might’ve been a management issue, maybe. I know tons of players who can be a little rough around the edges until they get the right kind of team surrounding them and are able to really shine.”
The snow is falling in large flakes, drifting lazily down to stick to any available surface. A couple of inches have built up in the parking lot since the snow plows came through that morning, the white surface crunching lightly beneath Steve’s boots as he gets out of his old beater car. One of these days he’ll fix it up. Maybe next Summer if he ever remembers to take it out of the garage.
Tony glares moodily at him. “What the hell was what? I’m just having an off day.”
Tony jolts awake, immediately hyper sensitive to his surroundings. He feels wet, back and chest slick with sweat, itchy hospital gown clinging to him. There’s people staring back at him in surprise, Steve, Peggy, and a doctor. He pushes himself into a sitting position, his entire body seizing up in protest. Sets of hands are on him in an instant, gently easing him back down onto the damp mattress. The ringing in his ears is back, their voices sounding like Tony was hearing them from miles away. Whereas before the pain was nothing but a dull sensation gently reverberating across his entire body, now he feels concentrated areas of throbbing agony coming from his chest, stomach, back, and hands. The stinging pain is accompanied by a pounding headache concentrated around one temple.
Even with the abrupt change in coaching, the individual players on the Malibu team are regarded as some of the best in the entire MiLB with solid stats across the board. There’s a reason they’ve made it to the top of their league for almost every season they’ve been around, especially with Howard and Pepper’s management team constantly headhunting the best players, even going as far as to finding loopholes in contracts to buy them out from somewhere else. The team essentially has unlimited funds considering Stark Industries supplies equipment to both the Major Minor, and International leagues.
She turns her eyes on him. “Or that Howard is a terrible father?”
. I am sorry,” he looks individually around the table, his dark eyes settling on Steve a little too long to feel comfortable before sliding back over to his father. “So, extremely sorry that you couldn’t have Steve
Tony wakes abruptly the next morning, the sky outside only just beginning to lighten as dawn creeps over the horizon. The community below is starting to shuffle home, ready to sleep off their bad decisions, or possibly keep making them depending on the company. His neck is sore, and he has to reorient himself when he realizes he slept upside down and on top of his blankets for some reason.
The only upside to having more talented pitchers on reserve is that it’s a lot less damaging to let Tony play the field a bit. Natasha experimented with this in the past, but ultimately made the right call in having Tony pitch, occasionally pulling the DH from the lineup so he could bat as well. While on the pitcher’s mound for the Knights, he’s in for about two to five innings. He and Carol experiment together to find the best infield option for him, hoping to improve some of his already incredible stats that have been stagnant during his time with the Avengers. He can hold his own across all the bases. On First, he can take advantage of left-handed throws, his flexibility, and receiving throws from across the field. He tags out batters before they can get to his base, helping stop the momentum of the other team before it can even get started. He can pivot on a double play while on Second, quick reflexes with his hands and feet following snap judgments needed in the middle of a play. He’s got an accurate arm for Third, and does well to defend the hot corner and get the ball to home when needed. Shortstop is the most challenging of all, and Tony is only able to keep up thanks to all the tips and tricks he’s learned from watching and working with Steve over the years.
isn’t going to end, is it?” He blurts out, afraid that if he holds in those tumultuous thoughts any longer that he’ll implode on himself. “After I go home? After we go back to the team? Are things going to be… different between us now?”
Tony seems perturbed yet pleased by Steve’s response, a rueful smile crossing his face for a moment before quickly fading. “Did you cry? At your mother’s funeral?”
Steve can’t help but smile knowingly at him. “Maybe he’s kinda like someone else I know then.”
is a bullshit excuse. And so is just wanting to check in on me,” Tony shifts rolls his eyes. “But whatever you want to tell yourself.”
Tony takes a deep breath and stares back down at the cards in his hands. He reads them again, and again, and again. Takes notes from all three of them on his tone, when the right times to pause is. He’s not supposed to take any live questions, just read his statement and walk off. They adjust a couple of words here and there, and before he knows it, he’s stepping out onto the stage.
Tony keeps his eyes firmly on the rafters above them, a tendon on his neck seeming to pop out. "Would you accept a thousand-dollar bribe?"
“Nat!” he yells again, knowing she’s already gone. He hits the door once more before his head thuds against the wood, closing his eyes for a second to collect himself before he can turn around again.
is just as expert in the bedroom as it is on the field.
Tony just smiles. "You know, I just swoop in when I'm needed and win games so often, I think that may have left my memory. They all blur together at this point."
Clint shrugs and shouts over towards their coach. "Hey, Nat, what's the hold up?" The man is fearless.
players that have been chosen in part by all of you here today, as well as the fans at home. These players chosen are... Antione West, Gary Oba and Tony Stark." Everyone applauds as the chosen players stand, Tony receiving many pats on the back from his teammates. "The rest of the announcements by all the other teams today will be accumulated and run through in depth on ESPN tomorrow, as well as the host city for the game and more information surrounding the championship this year."
“What the fuck did you just say to me?” Tony asks, simultaneous with Pepper’s stern, “That’s enough, Justin.”
Tony turns to see Steve has taken several strides closer to Hammer who’s also stepped off third base to come towards him. One referee is already in between them with another one coming over. Steve’s arms are tensed, the veins popping out at the effort of being held at their sides while Hammer gets up in his space, pressing his chest against Steve’s as the referee’s arm attempts to separate them. No one’s in trouble until someone takes a swing.
They drove out to their favorite restaurant, a little Chinese place that’s equal walking distance between both of their apartments. They’re recognized by the entire staff at this point, as a pair of regulars rather than famous ball players. They’re greeted in the usual fashion of being seized by the tiny Asian woman who simply asks to be called ‘Miss Sun’, accepting kisses on both cheeks as she pulls them down to her level.
“You don’t have to like him.”
“You’re about to
“Hell yeah,” Tony agreed, immediately sliding off the hood and hopping into the passenger seat.
Steve's swing is near perfect, and he sends the ball flying right over Tony's head into the outfield, right towards the empty spot with no coverage. So he knows what he’s doing with a bat. Before he can stop himself, Tony takes off at a full sprint, the center fielder making a run for the ball as well.
Steve raises his eyebrows. “Really? I know it wasn’t anything extravagant like you’re used to…”
talking about?”
Following Bucky’s lead was all too tempting. The seasons in which Steve had to play without him were miserable. He felt like he had lost his own limb when playing. He had certainly lost his drive, and his performance on the field certainly reflected that.
“Has it really been that long?” Tony scratches at his beard. “Some people would call that tradition, y’know. Why break tradition?”
For the past two seasons we’ve had a lot of good players retire. We’ve been able to find a solid lineup of recruits that we think can keep the team alive, but we need the salaries to lock them into joining the Avengers over any other Triple-A team. And frankly, Tony, we think you’re getting bored.”
Steve chuckles he closes his locker. “You’ve got to stop scaring him like that. You’re going to give the kid a heart attack one of these days.”
“Ball!”
Tony blinks at him, for once, seemingly rendered speechless. He recovers after a minute, his cocksure smile returning to his face. “You know, you could’ve just admitted you would miss me too much.”
“Aaaaand?”
Ty doesn’t have a response for that. Coldness takes over his features, easily dropping the facade of innocence.
She smiles knowingly. “Well I can’t say I’m not going to spark that same reaction with what I wanted to talk to you about… I’m sure you and I can both agree that I’m
The IL is shaken up after Tony’s play. There’s a chance their batter will pull through, and Tony just prays he’s smart enough to get the ball as far away from home as possible to give Tony time to earn the team their fourth run in one inning. He hits the first ball pitched to him, Tony launching forward and skidding to a stop half-way between the bases when the whistle blows and it’s called foul. His ankle throbs slightly as he goes back to the base, hands on his hips. The small ache isn’t any cause of concern, Tony knowing it’s just an after effect from some soreness from practice a week ago where he had been rotating too sharply on that foot. After a few more massages from the PTs, he’ll be good as new.
"Don't you dare, Rogers," Bucky orders, no heat in his tone as he comes over to punch Steve in the shoulder with his good arm. "I already finished my session with Dr. Erksine. He told me you were still hanging ‘round. Dinner?"
outside of where he wants them to, the first one a ball, and the second meeting an indirect swing that sends it flying foul. He takes a deep breath as he pulls the next ball close to his chest, holding it there for a moment before the pitch. He imagines the feeling of Steve’s calming hand, warm and assuring, pressing against his knee.
“What’s the use of a couch that looks nice if it doesn’t feel nice to sit on?” Tony counters around a yawn, lifting up his hoodie a little as he scratches sleepily at his stomach. There are seam lines indented on his cheek that was pressed against the couch, it almost comical in the way it mirrors the faint scars on the other side.
Begrudgingly, Tony shakes Pierce’s hand, but not without one last snide remark. “The pleasure was all yours, I assure you.”
when he overextended his elbow. Is it a muscle tear? Could it be worse than that? What if Bucky is out for the rest of the season? Or the rest of his life?
"Yes ma'am," Steve rubs his head in apology before turning his attention back to where it belonged: nowhere near Tony Stark.
proud of the person he’s become.
They have scheduled evening practices at Cashman Field for the next two days leading up to the actual game, everyone loading up on the bus a few hours later to get some time in. As they pull up to the stadium, there’s a second bus there waiting to pick up the PCL team who gets field usage in the morning. Tony enters the stadium with the rest of his teammates when a gratingly familiar voice echoes out through the entrance tunnel.
?! Of all people? Where do I even begin?!”
could you
Unfortunately, this is an incorrect assumption to make. An hour later once all the team is packed and ready to hit the road again, Tony's nowhere to be seen. Steve double checks the lobby, a frown on his face. He walks up to the man behind the reception counter.
“I just need you to look over a couple of things in my office with me. I’ve got a new training regiment to try out this season and wanted your opinion on it,” she answers dismissively, walking quickly and several feet ahead of Steve.
Howard’s team today, and I know we’re going to absolutely crush them. You always told me to have a backbone and will made of iron, so here I am. Hopefully the Irons’ loss today will have you rolling in your grave, and that will be enough for me.”
The entire stadium erupts in joy as the ball sails into the stands, Steve holding a fist up in victory as he takes to a quick jog, his victory lap around the diamond. The three batters before him plaster themselves against him in a quick celebration hug before moving off the field, Steve setting the score 4-1.
They set the ground rules months before, knowing if there was one little slip up then it was the Avengers’ reputation that was on the line, not just theirs. No kissing or touching at the stadium, no bringing their home life to work, no discussing their relationship to the media, and absolutely no tolerance of any players who try to undermine their authority. Steve tried to set a
Suddenly voices and whistles break through the dull roar.
,” Steve sighs under his breath, watching as one of Rochester’s batters advances to first, looking just as confused as the rest of the stadium was. He strides towards their coach. “Did Tony just give a
"Quite the view, huh?" Howard asks, sidling up next to Steve with his hands in his pockets as he looks out over the ocean.
“Because I go back to sleep,” Tony explains as if it should be obvious. “Human sleep cycles actually changed during the nineteenth century. Neurologically speaking, many of the great inventors and craftsmen had a broken sleep schedule where they’d wake up in the middle of the night at the peak of creativity, and then sleep again until after dawn.”
"Good!" Bucky shouts, earning laughs and a pained look from the nearest bartender.
It’s any other day. Steve’s fun fact calendar that Bucky got him as a joke (that had actually made itself very useful and became a little joy Steve looks forward to every morning) informs him that it’s the Ides of March. Curious, Steve rolls over in bed, leaning closer to his nightstand to squint past the blurry haze in his freshly opened eyes and read the blurb beneath the big red 15.
The Irons playing so aggressively isn’t unfamiliar to Tony, but all the risky plays are… surprising. Mostly because the results have been in the Avengers’ favor. Obadiah would never allow so many attempts to steal bases, bunts, or excessive lead-offs. Tony can’t even count on two hands how many outs or almost outs he’s gotten on this game alone from having quick enough reaction time to spin around and hurl the ball to one of his basemen when the visiting baserunner got a little too cocky about straying from his base. The decisions the players are making become more and more unintelligent as the game goes on, and Tony realizes it’s because they’re
He turns on the radio to hear the weather report for the day, needing to know if he’ll have to take a break halfway through his training day to dig his car out from the snow if he wants to have any hope of leaving.
it was rather than the gender. After Steve told me he was with a man, it took him months before I could put the pieces together that it was you. He never told me outright.”
Reyes connects the bat with the ball, easily earning himself a double despite Brooklyn’s best efforts. Steve watches Isaiah wipe some sweat from his brow, praying that their pitcher can keep it together.
“Now that you’re fully awake, I’d like to evaluate your condition, if you feel up to that, Mr. Stark,” the doctor states, scanning her eyes over the machine next to him.
of Tony.
She smiles back at him, sadness in her eyes. “I am sorry, Tony. My family are all big Avengers’ fans.”
He waits another few moments before speaking, making sure the room is utterly silent, waiting for him to speak. His eyes flicker down to the cards in his hands. “Recently, photos of me have surfaced to the public. Photos that depict—” Fuck. He swallows down the lump in his throat, trying to play it off as a thoughtful pause. “A deviant act. What the photos didn’t provide was context. I am not allowed to disclose the identity of the other man in the photos, and we will not be discussing him today.” His hands tremble slightly as he flips to the next card, something heavy settling in his stomach. “It’s no secret that I enjoy to drink, and at the time of the photos I was not in my right mind and under the influence of alcohol. This is a terrible addiction that I have been dealing with in private for some time now, and unfortunately, I was caught in a very unfortunate lapse of judgement with a stranger. I am not, and never have been, attracted to the same sex in any way, shape, or form—”
Even if Tony doesn’t walk away from his time with the Avengers with all the glory he’s desperate to reach in attempts to prove himself to the country, at least he’ll have a good workout regimen to keep in mind. He’s never been in as good of shape as he is now thanks to Natasha’s brutal training programs. It also might have something to do with the fact that he can’t skip out on practices as much as he used to when Obie was his coach and left him to his own devices as long as he could cinch them a win.
“Tony?” He calls up the stairs, deciding to announce his presence this time. The music is still playing but is quieter than before, so surely Tony can hear him. He gets to the top of the stairs and sees why there’s no response.
. They’re getting desperate, even after lording it over the entire International League for the past year how they massacred their best team in the ‘91 Championship.
She shrugs and gets to work on his drink, selecting one of the few options they have for whiskey from the shelf behind her. “You’re not mine either. Too pretty.”
The parking lot is still pretty swarmed with fans looking for players to sign autographs. Even though there's a fence keeping them away from the stadium, Steve still goes over to interact with them. He knows what it would've meant to him to have a ball, glove, or jersey signed by his favorite player at that age. It’s going to be such a trip if the MLB starts selling Stars jerseys with his name on it. For now, he’s perfectly happy signing merchandise of his old teams from the minors.
“So, you thinking about dropping that very successful and lucrative career in the Majors to come play with us again?” She asks optimistically from the sink.
He lifts his gaze back to Steve, seeing the immediate regret is written all over his face. He reaches out for Tony who immediately moves out of reach, putting distance between them. “Tony, wait
Natasha waits until the room is fully silent, but it feels less like it’s for dramatic effect and more that she’s dead set on making sure everyone gets their jokes and offhand comments out of the way before she speaks again. The entire team is looking expectantly to their coach, Nat’s face grim. She takes a visibly deep breath. “I just want to tell you all here and now before you hear it on the radio on the way home, or see it on the news… but Howard and Maria Stark died earlier this afternoon.”
The man is an old grizzled type, and it would be just Tony’s luck that out of the four refs mixed from each league, this one happens to belong to the PCL. He stands with crossed arms, staring indifferently at Tony before he glances over at Hammer. “Zip it and let the kid throw the ball.”
“We turned down every Major League team that put an offer because we knew at the time it wasn’t worth it. Your image was improving, your skill set on our team helped immeasurably, and all around the team was bringing in a lot of good publicity and sponsors. Winning the Championship only further solidified us as a team that can be taken seriously after a long struggle to even hold middle ground…”
“Mike! Joey! Look, look, look! I found Steve Rogers and Tony Stark!”
Dove is practically glowing with the attention Tony’s giving her. “Maybe I’ll see you when my shift is done.”
"There might be a point to what he's talking about. It's one thing if he didn't have the skill to back it up, but we've watched this kid play amazingly and consistently every single game using this ‘scientific method of baseball’ he claims works so well. Clearly, he's doing something right, and maybe it's something not everyone can see. I think the attitude just comes from him being young and naïve."
Steve can hardly believe they’re only beginning their fourth season with him on the team. It feels like he’s been a staple member of their squad for far longer than that, the conversation they had about Tony not planning on sticking around longer than one season feeling like it had happened devades ago. Same as it had the past three years, December signings came and went, Tony mysteriously disappeared from New York during the break, and sure enough, he was back at the Polo Grounds come the first practice in February.
Tony’s eyes snap to him, widening slightly. “Jesus christ, Ty. You’re
. I hope that whatever kind of person I do become, he’s someone who’s going to make you proud.”
“Steve’s straightforward to a fault sometimes. He thinks so big picture that he forgets all the little things. Maybe he didn’t think he needed to say it. He figured you already knew.”
A soft clang rings out through Steve's loft as his metal door slides shut after Bucky. It’s still weird having his own place all to himself, though loneliness isn’t the reason why it’s so strange. Steve finds comfort in his own solitude, but not having Bucky as his roommate made him anything but comfortable. Growing up they had always shared a block, and once they got their own places away from their parents, they had continued to live together.
? You just used me to get what you wanted, to get the team ahead, and now I don’t even get the reward I
“We're you serious about that spiked hot chocolate?” Steve asks in all seriousness, shedding his layers. The apartment is much warmer than he expected, Tony himself walking around barefoot in sweats and a well-worn Electric Light Orchestra t-shirt.
“Steve,” Bucky looks past the small group of medics that have gathered around him, all of them turning in surprise. They're so preoccupied they hadn’t heard Steve enter.
Maria brushes her hair behind her shoulder. "Well of course I did, everyone knows Mission Point's chefs are much better than La Lanterna's. Your father was being absolutely
Plates clatter in the sink as they slip from Steve’s hands, startling the woman. “Barton has a wife? He has
Steve has been dying to get a straight answer out of someone about this, and Howard might not know, but as owner of the team and father of their star player, surely he had some kind of insight. Howard’s expression didn’t change from mild sourness. “Why else other than to defy his father?” He rasped, rubbing at the crease between his eyebrows as if he could smooth his irritation away. “I had no damn clue Tony was trying to switch teams. He and Virginia Potts went right under
Steve lifts his gaze, eyes suddenly clear as they meet Peggy's unwavering stare. The rational part of Steve knows that she isn't the one to hold accountable; It's just the way of their profession. She has to make tough calls at times, and those are calls Steve has no right to blame her for. That aside, this entire conversation just reinforces the idea that they aren't players, aren't human, just assets to the guy a step above them.
“He’s always late,” Steve sighs, checking his watch in futility.
Anger flares up inside of him suddenly at being treated by a child by a man he just met. He twists around in his barstool, careful to keep his voice down. “Why should I go anywhere with you?”
The insufferable group laughs at him, Hammer’s guffaw the loudest. “As always, you’re all talk. Our supposed ‘Star player’ didn’t even make it to the championship last year, or did you forget? Was it too hard to pay attention with Steve Rogers’ cock in your mouth?”
Steve knows Tony and Howard’s relationship wouldn’t be able to take that blow, but no matter how Tony thought Maria would react, she would never condemn him. “Your mom would love you no matter what.”
He’s transported to a green room somewhere, staring blankly at his uneaten breakfast Pepper has dropped off for him.
He can hear some shifting on the other end of the line, Tony shrugging. “I normally go to the family vineyard in Italy but… It didn’t…” A sigh. “I don’t know. Didn’t feel right this year.”
Tony scoffs, like the notion is completely ridiculous. “And have my mother cry every time she looks at me and worries about my hardships? Have it be the final nail in the coffin for Howard to disown me completely? I’m not going to be ostracized from my parents any more than I already am because of what goes on in my life.”
league
“Just some whiskey on the rocks. Whatever you have works,” Tony grunts, pulling a fifty from his wallet and tossing it onto the bar.
I was working on. So what started out as a joke of me talking to Howard about joining the team ended up… Well, you know exactly how that ended up,” he smiles ruefully at Steve, giving a little flourish with his hands. “Here we are.”
He’s really just thinking aloud, not expecting to strike any sort of chord with Tony. When he looks back down at the younger man, he’s surprised to see a strangely contemplative look on his face. When Tony realizes where he is, who he’s with, he quickly replaces the look of thought with one of disdain. “I’ve been here two months. You think I care that much about this team?”
When Tony had invited Steve over, he definitely used the word “
“None for me, thanks. Could I get another water though?”
beneath it.
“Tony, you have to share rooms all the time when we travel, I thought you would’ve gotten used to it by now,” Steve sighs, moving past him to start putting some of his things away on one side of the room. “Just be happy you’re rooming with someone you know and not a stranger.”
.” Tony’s grinning and elbows him in the side, earning a playful poke to his own ribs as he comes to stand next to him in the huddle.
and so
He catches Steve checking out his appearance in the mirror on their way out and not looking completely displeased. Tony’s smug as he holds the door open for Steve, pushing the red-lensed Ray Bans up on his nose. “After you.”
"Thanks, Hannah, it's not mine," Steve laughs, gesturing to Tony.
Tony looks up at Steve from where he’s sitting on a bench in the locker room, bent over to tie his cleats. He’s got a sour look on his face, brow furrowed and nose wrinkled as if Steve is a particularly smelly jockstrap he just discovered in the bottom of his bag. Steve thinks that he could at least
The thing is, Steve isn't sure exactly how he feels about this, despite Tony’s assumptions. He doesn’t know anyone...
“Don’t remind me,” Steve groans, catching the ball. He kneads it against his glove for a moment before tossing it back as hard as he can. He’s hoping Bucky would have to stretch for it, but of course he catches the ball easily. He has a much better arm than Steve, aside from the bad elbow that gives him the occasional tinge of pain. The older they get, the more noticeable the differences in their bodies become. Buck is a year older, but he has already filled out so much more than Steve could ever hope to. Sure, his scrawniness aids in speed, which he needs both on the field and off when running away from bullies.
Hesitantly, Peggy pulls it down slightly, leaving it around his neck just in case she needs to replace it. “What was that, honey?”
Natasha turns her stone-cold gaze on him. “That’s what you said at practice.”
a little old for you, sweetheart—”
“I wanna be as good as you one day!”
They stay silent for the rest of the ride. Tony drifts off a couple of times, never long enough to actually find peace. It’s almost three in the morning by the time Bucky pulls up to Steve’s apartment. Peering up at the side of the building, Tony can see a faint glow from one of the living room windows in Steve’s unit. He’s waiting up.
“Do you…” Tony starts, biting on his lip for a moment. Steve is just looking at him, so earnestly that it makes him want to crawl out of his skin because he doesn’t deserve that courtesy. This open and honest communication thing really isn’t his speed. “Do you not want me to stay here in New York with you?”
They lock eyes and a tremendous wave of deja vu washing over both of them. Steve knows Tony is thinking back to the same moment he is, charged with defiance and insistence and two completely opposite viewpoints.
“At least it’s
“I’m not letting you drive like this,” Steve disagrees. “My place is a few blocks closer and has less parking requirements, why don’t we just go back there so you can sleep this off? Then we’ll go back to the stadium when you’re feeling up to it, deal?”
The Milky Way and twinkling dots begin to fade as the sky lightens up, the sun not yet peeking up over the horizon. Tony hears some movement inside the old beach house. Some tinkling in the kitchen. Steve finding the bottle of rum he had cracked open in the middle of the night and drained half of, not bothering to hide the evidence. He can hear the said bottle being put away, the glass rinsed out in the sink. Some more shifting about. Tony called ahead of time to have the fridge and pantry stocked with a few essentials from town. Even on vacation Steve insists on waking up at the ass crack of dawn to make breakfast where Tony would have rolled over and gone back to sleep (if he had stayed in bed in the first place.)
“You’re not,” Steve answers immediately.
Steve normally stays on top of transfers, but neither Fury nor Van Dyne have mentioned anything about a new team member while he’s been in their presence. He can’t even recall any names that are rumored to be joining the Avengers this season. The fact that this has slipped under his radar as captain is astounding, even more so because pitchers are supposed to begin spring training at the top of the month, sometimes even as early as January, before the rest of the team is even scheduled to make an appearance on the pitch.
Steve stares at the blank TV with a furrowed brow then looks back to Bucky. "I talked to Howard Stark a few years ago about his kid. Last I knew, he wasn't a ball player, he was some scientist or doctor or something studying at MIT."
He polishes off the last of his breakfast, lamenting that he can’t wash it down with his spiked orange juice before he slips on his sneakers and heads for the door with Ty. “So we riding or running today?”
Howard ignores his wife. "Come on, Steve, let me show you some things around the house. Screw dessert," He sways a bit on his feet as he stands up. Steve glances to Maria who's staring down at her empty plate, brow knit in a way that reminded him of Tony when the kid was frustrated.
They had carpooled over to the physical therapy facility, Steve getting his knee and Tony getting his shoulder checked out before the game due to Natasha’s insistence. Steve has been playing more this season than he has in the past couple of years and luckily enough hasn’t seen his old injury flare up at all. After a much more rocky season for Tony, Nat had him on weekly check-ups for sign of any rotator cuff tears in his shoulder or strain on his lower back. Spondylolysis was a pretty regular spinal injury to see in baseball, mainly from the constant twisting motion experienced by batters and pitchers.
Groans echo throughout the room as everyone covers their face, eyes probably having just started to adjust to the darkness before everything suddenly became bright again. Tony feigns confusion like everyone else, taking another few steps to separate himself from a blushing Steve who is trying to fix the hair sticking up on the back of his head.
Steve shrugs. “You told me you never got the real experience of being a kid. No fun birthday parties with all your friends, never been in an arcade, or gone bowling. I figured it’s better late than never.” He jerks his chin over to the secondary food area by the bowling lanes, nachos, popcorn, and other candy options galore. “And they have beer here.”
"Bullshit. I know I'm going to get picked, there's no point in even pretending at this point."
“I said no!” Tony glares at him. “What, do you not want me on your team anymore?”
Steve isn't quite sure Tony's even talking to him at this point as he rolls his chair over to a stack of papers, sifting through until he finds what he's looking for. He returns to the drone and pulls a pencil from behind his ear as he starts writing down formulas that Steve can't even begin to comprehend. "Then there's the matter of noise... I might be able to quiet the engine since the entire point would be inconspicuous... the size is already a big 'X' in that zone, but hopefully at night it can get away with being less than obvious until I can design some kind of cloaking mechanism."
Tony smiles proudly at Peter, squeezing his arm. “I’ve been saying it for years, but Pete has always been the kid everyone needs to look out for. You see a lot of guys out on the field working hard, showing their talent, but not all of them have that
to finally meet you, Rogers. I'm a
Janet sighs through her nose. “She probably likes it as much as you do.”
what you took away from all that?”
It’s clear that Steve isn’t the only one who is shocked by this. Almost everyone on the team is staring open-mouthed as Tony strolls towards them. "What's everyone standing around for?" he asks, shit-eating grin still in place.
Steve lets him do just that, sinking back onto his elbows and succumbing to the pleasure of Tony’s mouth as the snow continues to fall outside.
“Oh yeah?” Tony challenges before shoving his glass off the table as hard as he can. It smashes to the ground, amber liquid splashing across the hardwood floor as the glass shatters. “Is this
, so of course the thought was always there. My dad was always pressuring me about it, telling me that I’d join the Irons one day and be his shining little star before eventually transitioning into helping him run Stark Industries. Despite all that, I just found baseball— any team sport really— so dreadfully boring. I preferred reading and building things and computers. All I wanted to do was play around with tech, but everyone was expecting me to be some jock toy soldier. My mom was the only one who actually supported what I wanted to do…” his expression actually softens into a real smile, and Steve can’t help but mirror it as he thinks of Maria and her fierce devotion to maintaining her son’s happiness.
,” Tony hisses back, leaning forward as much as he can with Rhodey doing his best to block him with his entire body. He leans around the man’s shoulder and spits at Hammer’s face. “I don’t need the satisfaction of beating your intolerant ass right now because beating you in the championship will be so much better!”
“You may have already signed off on it, but I haven’t.”
Steve leans forward, pulling out by a couple of inches as he presses his lips against Tony’s ear, bracketing his arms around him to further press him up against the wall. “You’d like that wouldn’t you? Acting out all day to get my attention just because you want rough sex?” Steve edges himself a little deeper, feeling Tony clench around him and almost making him lose his bravado. “How about we try ‘
A familiar voice with an English accent breaks through his spiraling thoughts. “Margaret Carter— Yes, is he alright?— What do you mean I can’t see him?”
Steve willingly ducks his head slightly so that Tony can reach. He assimilates the blonde locks into something a little more styled, sweeping the longer pieces of hair back from his face and defining his part a little more. He hears an involuntary hum escape Steve as his fingers card carefully through his hair, the sound definitely piquing Tony’s interest.
in circles. “Parents always have an idea of what they want their kid to grow up to be. Maybe Howard wanted you to be more like him.”
It’s not enough to catch the player off guard, his bat connecting solidly with the ball before it sails into center field yet again. Bucky had fallen back a fair amount of feet in preparation for a much further hit, but he’s booking it as the ball arcs back down towards the ground. “No, no, Buck,” Steve whispers worriedly under his breath. “Just let it roll and get it to first.” He's clearly trying to catch the ball before the ground does, but he's just too far. He has two options from there, either out the batter or try and get the ball to Steve or home depending on what the runner on the second base did. “Let it roll and get it to first,” Steve is still repeating like a mantra as a runner comes his way. He readies himself to receive the ball, but he can tell based on the timing and the Mockingbirds' desperate plays that this runner is going to go all the way to home.
As Tony starts scarfing down his food at the counter, Ty crosses over to the fridge and pulls out a carton of orange juice, uncapping it and taking an experimental sniff. “Did you… pour champagne in this?”
Tony spins around on his stool with a wide smile. The hotel bar is packed with people, a mix of their team, fans, and a few reporters here and there who weren’t invited for business purposes per se, but of course were welcome to socialize with the team and its supporters.
Steve presses his lips together. “You don’t owe them anything.”
He groans and drags himself into a sitting position, licking his lips as he eyes up their Lucky Blue Dragon order. “Alright, but first thing’s first, did I leave my—”
There’s a few moments of silence between them, both of them staring out at the moonlit waters below, the tide lapping lazily against the shore, foam sliding up to hug the black rocks before retreating back into the ocean.
His Captain sighs in annoyance and follows him into the large penthouse. Steve really had campaigned to try and get Tony to pick something less ostentatious when they had started looking around last December after it was clear Tony signed on for another season. He’s only step foot in here once or twice in the past few months, and he’s still under the opinion that it’s simply too large for
Steve returns the gibe with a blank stare, his brow furrowing at Tony for a moment before he looks back towards home plate. Awkwardly dejected, Tony scoots a few feet away, spreading his feet in anticipation as he inches closer to his next mark.
“Just reading?”
He'd can’t help but smile and throws the covers off and shuffles down the hall to the bathroom.
Peggy stares at him in shock for a moment before composing herself, her finger twisting in the cord of the phone. "I'm going to have to call you back, dear. Yes, goodbye." She hangs up the phone and stands up from her desk. "Steve, what nerve do you have to come storming into the office when I'm on a personal phone call with my nephew—"
“You should consider school,” Tony tells Peter as they start to wrap things up, insisting the boy be the first to sign his cast. He's flabbergasted by the honor, scrawling his signature across the plaster in Sharpie before he has to get home for dinner with his Aunt. “It’s clear you have a gift for pitching, but don’t let that be the only gift people think has any value, okay? Keep doing it if you love it, but don’t forget your other passions. You’ve got more to offer people than throwing a few balls, okay?”
“Too slow, Hammer!” Steve calls across the field before tossing the ball back to Tony who can’t fight his smile.
Tony laughs loudly at him, startling a few nearby couples. He then places his hand back in Steve's, picking up their dance where they left off when he realizes they’re garnering more stares by standing around in the middle of the dancing couples in the ballroom rather than the fact that they both happen to be men. “Yeah fucking right. Me playing for your old team feels a little too full circle, don’t you think? Besides, there’s no way I’d go to the Stars with Peggy still on as the owner. The entire reason I left the Irons is so people would stop calling nepotism on me. Of all the things people shout about me now, I’d rather not add that back to the list.” He rolls his eyes. “Plus, no offense, they’re a little too…” he wrinkles his nose. “
He thinks Ty is going to try and deny it at first, convince Tony otherwise. His demeanor shifts suddenly, giving a careless shrug. “Good thing you never really cared about playing for us, huh?”
“To say sorry, for how I came across earlier. I’m really happy I’m here,” he presses another few short kisses to Tony’s mouth. He’s still unsure of how to go about all this, but for now he does whatever feels natural.
, it’s great.”
“I can’t believe you’re here,” Tony grins down at him, pressing more kisses across his face. He’s clean shaven, Tony’s lips dragging over his sharp jaw with no resistance of stubble.
“My bed, where do you think?” Tony deadpans. “I have manners, I’m not going to suck you off on the couch like I’m some
The game is exciting, no team ever getting too much of a lead on the other while getting enough runs and close calls to keep things interesting. Peter comes in right before the Seventh inning stretch, the momentum paused for him right before the final two innings.
“Hey now, where was all this shit talking at Bruce when he retired last year?” Tony points out, leaning into Steve for backup. “He wasn’t much older than I am now.”
“Needs a little oil?” Steve asks bitterly, meeting his best friend’s gaze. There’s guilt written across it in prose.
He’s not sure how long he drives for. Somewhere in the back of his mind he knows he’s upstate with only blurred road signs flashing by his periphery to give him any clue as to where. His tank is low, fuel light flashing at him. He gets off at the next available exit in the middle of seemingly nowhere, traveling another mile down the single-lane road before he finally reaches the gas station.
The entire table turns to stare at him, his Captain included. “Tony—”
One by one, the Avengers step up, some of them the best batters Steve has ever played with.
Steve hears her hang up the call and hides behind the bathroom wall. He sees a blonde woman exit, walking down the hall while slipping her cell phone back into her purse. It’s Christine, the reporter for Vanity Fair that had been all over Tony at the bar earlier. This journalist is different, a snake if Steve's ever seen one in human form. She seems completely confident in her ability to swindle information out of Tony, and Steve just knows that if she’s successful he’ll be kicking himself over the repercussions.  If he wasn't concerned enough before, hearing that the woman plans to drug Tony kicks his fear into overdrive. Tony's safety is now on the line, which matters much more than his or the team's reputation. He has to do something.
Now, both of them are enjoying a long overdue vacation. Since his spontaneous coming out, they’ve been a lot more careful about their relationship. The visits dwindled to Very Rarely, and they stopped going out in public altogether. In the past, being spotted by fans or even the media was nothing newsworthy, just a couple of old friends out for a lunch or dinner before meeting up with more teammates at the pub afterwards. Now, Tony refuses to let anyone make the connection that Steve was his mystery lover from the photos who was never able to be identified. Even if the sneaky pap had been able to grab the license plate, Steve was clever enough to cover his tracks at the rental place with a fake name. There has been plenty of speculation around the identity of the man in the photos, but luckily not even the biggest conspirators against Tony have drawn the conclusion that it could be his former Captain. Tony likes to think it’s because Steve portrays himself as so
"What don't you understand, Steve? Surely it's something you can express without raising your voice at me," Peggy adds coldly.
“I love you.”
“Hey!” Rhodes calls from behind them, climbing out of the dugout and striding over to them. “What the hell was that, man?”
He blinks his eyes against the blinding light piercing into his vision. It eventually fades to something more tolerable but still altogether too bright, shapes and color starting to manifest as well. He’s staring at speckled squares above him, eyes slowly lolling about in his head to take in the rest of the pale room. There’s a rectangle of light on the far wall his eyes haven’t adjusted to just yet, some other blurry shapes at the corners of his vision.
“Am I supposed to be
“Yeah,” Tony takes his lead-off, but keeps closer to Steve and the base than he usually would when getting his head start for his next run. “Sometimes you gotta go above and beyond, right?”
His brain is still fuzzy and laden with alcohol as he straightens up in the driver’s seat, rubbing his eyes before he puts the car in reverse and backs out of his spot.
Tony snorts, pushing the ice cubes in his glass of water around with his straw, chewing on the end of it as he sucks it down. “Weddings sure do turn you into a sap. You love me enough to dance with me?”
“I can start doing that to if you
“Maybe I was hoping you’d punish me,” Tony suggests in a low voice, tilting his head back and resting it against the tile wall. He exposes the long line of his throat to Steve, reaching out to grasp his cock that’s already at half mast.
The styrofoam cup hits the ground, hot liquid splashing along his shoes and the floor. “Tony,” he breaths out, stumbling forward. He catches himself on the edge of the bed, seeming to struggle between wanting to throw his arms around Tony but also needing to be careful because of his wounds. Tony raises his good arm to him and pulls him closer by the shirt, pressing their foreheads together.
Tony barely lifts up the pillow to peak out from under it, squinting harshly into the light of the room. “Mph… Timeizzit?”
Tony can’t tell if she’s fucking with him or not. “Er— Right, sorry. Carol, this is Steve. Steve, Carol.”
“You’d lose your head if it wasn’t attached to your shoulders,” Steve comments wryly.
Steve stands up, calmer and more reserved than he was when he had first walked in. "No, I can't." And with that, Steve walks out of Peggy's office and leaves the Stars' stadium, bitterly wishing it could be the last time he'd ever have to do so.
“Hey,” he slurs loudly into Steve’s ear as he slings an arm around his shoulder, leaning into him for support. They just got off the elevator on the floor of their room, Steve helping Bucky down the hallway the best he can. “We’re gon’ play together again. I just know it.”
"Oh mother, oh father, I return with a guest!" Tony calls into the house, his voice echoing in the high-ceilinged room.
Steve laughs. “I just meant to say a quick hello…” Something in his demeanor changes. He hears a bit of movement on the other line— making himself comfortable? “But it
much,” Tony elaborates from behind him. “Everything is shut down right now. Some people don’t have power and a lot of the phone lines are down too. They’re advising people not to go outside until it lets up.”
Steve knows it’s working, a slow grin creeps in on Tony’s face and betraying the indifference to the idea his eyes are trying to portray. “Even if I did—
“I know!” Peter then burst excitedly, immediately shrinking back in embarrassment. He rubs a hand through his mop of brown hair. “The All-Star Game in ‘89. The PCL won.”
"Tony, I can't tell you how sorry I am. My actions were completely inappropriate and I just want you to know I don't judge you—"
Steve gathers himself enough to stand and shake her hand. “It’s nice to finally meet you, Coach Danvers. Tony’s had nothing but good things to say about you.”
The ER waiting room is hectic and swamped with people even at such a late hour. He resists the urge to shove his way past the line of people in front of the main desk to ask Tony’s whereabouts and status, but manages to hold back and impatiently wait his turn until he can speak with a nurse.
“Yeah. We’ve spent every Christmas Day together since we were kids. This is the first year we won’t be able to… I should’ve known better and left last night.” he sighs again, guilt washing over him.
“With all do respect, sir,” Steve very carefully takes Howard’s hand and peels it off his shoulder. “Tony is a part of my team now. I’ll treat him whichever way I see fit, seeing as it’s my job.” He’s surprised he’s able to keep so cool in basically telling a man’s own father that he holds no claim to a son he neglected to raise.
Steve nods, sharing her bittersweet smile. Whatever disputes they had about Steve’s exit, it’s in the past. “All is forgiven, Peggy. I miss the Stars all the time, but I don’t think I miss the majors as much as I thought I would.”
Despite the rocky middle portion of the game, they end up winning against Rochester, their winning streak thus far continuing. Their prospects have only been increasing since the last couple of seasons, and they’re slowly but surely solidifying themselves as a fan favorite in the league once more. It’s still early on in the season, but the fact that they haven’t lost a game yet has all of them in high spirits.
"…Honestly, I wasn't at all surprised when you went straight to major league from the double-As. I only wished you had graced the triples with your presence. I was in negotiations to buy you for the Irons for two seasons."
Steve shoves him back instead, not hard, but enough to send Tony a couple steps back. “That’s why I’m doing this.” He looks to the stunned spectators of their dispute and nods. “Sorry for the hold up. We can resume.”
“The emergency contacts, I presume?” The nurse glances to her coworker behind the desk who gives a nod of confirmation. “Mr. Rogers, Ms. Carter?”
Stifled laughter ripples through the group, Hammer fake laughing to try and convince himself people are laughing
A long stretch of silence passes between them after that. Steve closes his eyes and lets his head hit the snow again, wondering if he shouldn’t have said anything at all. His spiral into uncertainty is quickly interrupted by a cold and wet force smacking directly into his face. He immediately bolts into a sitting position, wiping the slush from his eyes to look up and see Tony grinning at him, innocently brushing some snow dust off of his gloved palms.
"You do understand you were chosen to play on this team for a reason,” Whitaker reminds him flatly.
“Good. That smells delicious,” Steve comments, walking over and grabbing his plate off the tray so he can join Tony, standing on the opposite side of the counter. “Thor and I were planning on going on a run this morning. I think T’Challa and some of the other players might join us too. Do you want to come along?”
As Tony continues on, Ty’s indifference visibly shifts into that of derisive satisfaction, a cruel smile stretching over too-white teeth. “Look at you, clever boy, always able to figure it out.”
“Whoa now,” Steve cautions, his hips moving back away from Tony.
Steve takes his glasses off to rubs his eyes after staring at the screen for too long, leaning back in his chair and spinning around to stare out of the window behind him. He can see the building he and Bucky used to live in, their old apartment sitting in the distance, now almost unrecognizable from all the additions and renovations. It had been Tony’s idea that they rent an apartment in Brooklyn rather than Manhattan when they were in the process of moving back to the city so that Steve had the chance to feel a little more at home. He would miss the sanctuary that was their private little domain Upstate, but they could still go back whenever they wanted (and whenever their jobs allowed).
The team isn’t normally this dedicated to watching some other teams’ game unfold live, usually just finding out the score later on the radio or television recaps, but this match of the Clippers versus the Bisons was very important for one specific reason.
might be a better word,” Tony sighs, opening the passenger side door. “You're driving. I feel like I'm still drunk."
“They want me back on the Irons.”
needed.”
As reports surrounding the tragedy begin to die down over the following days, Steve has to work a little harder to try and dig up exactly what Tony has been up to. He hasn't appeared before any outlets or issued a single public statement, but it does come out that while he’s keeping their family home, there is an estate sale for most of their assets. Paintings, furniture, family heirlooms- really anything not technically owned by Stark Industries- will be auctioned off with 100% of the proceeds going to the various foundations Maria had started. The numbers aren’t definite, but while the world grieves for the loss of a baseball legend, Tony very quietly raises hundreds of millions of dollars for youth homeless shelters, education for special needs children, victims of domestic and sexual violence, AIDs funds around the world, and so much more. Steve himself makes a note of all of Maria Stark’s charitable endeavors and gives a notice to Janet to disburse a portion of his income from the year to those donation centers.
Tony loses spectacularly. They walk away with an almost cosmic distribution of Steve being a little richer and Tony’s pockets being significantly lighter. He’s never been one for Poker, even if he can usually use statistics and his uncanny ability to read people to his advantage. He doesn’t see the fun in betting all his chips on a game like that, knowing he’ll have more fun at one of the Blackjack tables or even Roulette. Lady Luck tended to be on his side in these types of situations, but that could also be because Tony didn’t gamble to necessarily garner a profit, but to just feel that delicious high of risk-reward he so often craved.
"Hi, Lori Marlon from the New York Times, I have a question for Steve Rogers."
There's no more time for banter before Howard steps up to the microphone, Obadiah returning to his side along with Pepper. "Thank you all for coming this morning. We do have to hit the road for a game in Sacramento fairly soon, so I'll keep this short." He organizes the papers on the podium in front of him. "We're very lucky to have not one, not two, but
“I don’t want that,” Tony grounds out in frustration, shaky hand going to refill his glass. “And if I turn down the offer then either Janet’s going to shred my contract proposal or just let me drown in guilt for the rest of the season because they don’t get to cash a fat check from Pierce.”
Tony squeezes his hand the best he can with his awkward limbs, urging him to stop when he starts to get to his feet again. “No, m’fine, just— Just lay with me?” Even after all the sleeping he’s been doing—did Steve say days?—he’s feeling tired and light-headed again.
It’s a nice night, the sidewalks a little wet from some rainfall earlier in the evening. All the lights shine brightly in the reflective puddles on the ground. They cut through one corner of Central Park, a comfortable silence settling between them. They technically pass Steve’s building on the way, but he decides not to say anything since he doesn’t have to double-back too far. Steve is slightly confused when Tony comes to a stop in front of an enormous hotel, the revolving door spinning aimlessly with no one wandering in or out at this hour.
He shouts, the sound mingled with Steve’s
It’s another ten minutes or so before Steve hears the water turn off in the other room, an additional five before Tony walks in wearing Steve’s clothes, hair still dripping slightly. Steve can’t help but think how much he looks his age again, swimming in clothes three sizes too big, tired eyes and runny nose tinged red. He stands up and walks over, taking the towel loosely held in Tony’s hand and lifting it to dry off his hair a little. Tony is still in danger of getting sick from the stunt he pulled, and walking around with a wet head was just asking for a cold at this point. Steve could remember his mother doing the same when he was young if she decided his hair drying wasn’t efficient— and that was only if she let him go outside in the first place.
They’re neck and neck with the Columbus Clippers as far as won games and runs scored goes, the third team ranked below them already far below what was needed to keep them in the running. They still technically have two games in the regular season left, one more against the Red Wings (the same team they played today), and then a final home game against the Stripers, but both of those teams were also low on the rankings. Even if they lost their last two matches, they would have enough to carry them to the post-season.
Steve leaves the stadium feeling exhausted and defeated. Tony Stark really is going to be the death of him. All he wants is to go home and wish he didn't have to see the kid's smug face tomorrow while he takes his preferred position. He has his head down as he trudges out towards his motorcycle, almost bumping into someone had he not raised his head a fraction of a second before collision.
“Merry Christmas, Steve.”
Steve knew around the time that Natasha and Bucky started spending more quality time together, even while they were trying to keep things under wraps, but this specific encounter is news to him. He tries to forget that night, considering it was one of the worst fallouts he and Tony ever had. Thinking about it also brings back the memories of being more worried than he’d ever been over Tony’s well-being, usurped only by the night of Tony's assault a few years later.
Page loading, page loading, there we go. The first result that comes up is on MiLB.com. Steve has one of his own biographies on this site, but his isn’t nearly as in depth as Tony's appears to be. He starts reading.
