It used to be that John and he had a mutual look. John would look at Sherlock, and somehow both would know what it meant. The same raised eyebrows and pinched mouth could be discontented or amused or exhausted, and the subtle nuances were burned into Sherlock’s mind. He would hand John the morning paper without being told; John would make him breakfast and set it on the table, or hand him his phone without being asked; Sherlock would place Post-It notes on the containers in the fridge so John would know which were leftovers and which were experiments. They used to peacefully coexist.
"Ah, Sherlock...you need to take better care of yourself," she mutters sadly. "Have you at least been sleeping better?" she continues, spooning the loose tea into the pair of mugs.
"221B Baker Street," I say as I shut the door, pulling out my mobile as the cabbie presses the accelerator.
“I don’t have a preference,” said Sherlock, approaching John like one might an unpredictable animal. He settled in the space next to him, ushered under and bundled in the swaddle of covers by John’s eager hands. It was nice, he found, to have a solid warmth engulfing him; not to mention that it was John’s ministrations which had resulted in the blanket’s positioning.
He unearthed the baggies and syringes from beneath the wooden floor, carrying them like hot coals towards his coat on the rack, and shoved them into the inner pocket. Even though they were still sloppily hidden and well within John’s range of vision, it was a much safer place than ground level, where Rosie may have eventually discovered them.
"Maybe sex would be a punishment," I hiccup, my eyes stinging with something. My skin feels clammy; not a pleasant feeling. "Could we not just sit and talk? Would he not let me kiss him unless he wanted it?"
She smiles at me, but it looks professional and oddly dispassionate. That's alright, though; I don't want her sympathy. I don't care if she doesn't actually give a rat's arse if I get "better" or not.
He occasionally makes me tea in the morning, which in itself is surprising. One such morning, he brought it out to me and waited until I started drinking it to try and kiss me. I spilt all of the tea on Sherlock's coat and my jeans. He somehow made it out to be my fault his coat had hot Earl Grey all over it.
Sherlock always makes the lot of them sound like utter idiots; couldn't he make it a little less obvious how dumb he finds all of Greg's workers? The D.I. shakes his head slightly as he glances down to the woman and remembers why he deals with Holmes' insults in the first place; because he needs him. Because they're friends.
"You...ha...," I start, too fast, tripping over my words. She looks at me, slightly worried, yet slightly amused, as I take a deep, comforting breath.
"Sherlock," he sighs,"you'll find your soulmate, alright? Just because me and Mycroft might meet before you and your soulmate do, it doesn't mean you'll never meet them-"
Donovan can't help but snort. "What could he possibly need help with? Not his ego, that's for-" She pauses at the tense line of his jaw and simply forgets the rest of her sentence. "What kind of help does he need?" she repeats instead.
tears. I quickly swivel to face the window, letting out a shaky puff of air and splaying a hand over my heart; it's beating too hard.
He then strode away, closing the bathroom door gently on his way out. Sherlock immediately sank to the floor and bowed his head in his hands.
"Overall, just don't mess with anything unless told otherwise." His brown eyes peer up at me, and it almost looks like he's understood everything I've said. His front paws leave my lap and he sits obediently on the floor, continuing to merely look at me.
- will be an arse," he explains as I sidle up beside him. He gives me a small smile and looks encouraging as he presses the double doors open and begins to cross the room.
John still awkwardly shuffled about the flat. He still seemed to be strangled by indecision and discomfort. He would still leave Baker Street for hours at a time—when he had no shifts at the clinic—without Rosie. Not once did he ever explain to Sherlock the subject of his ministrations, or the location to which he was traveling. It left a taste like soot in Sherlock’s mouth, made something roil beneath his ribcage. He felt nauseous and uneasy, like his mental turmoil was listlessly affecting his physicality. Then again, John didn’t owe him anything really: his indifference stung, but it couldn’t be helped.
“Molly’s,” John responded simply. “I asked her to babysit today. Because we were supposed to go to lunch, remember?”
to say, but it couldn’t seem to escape him. “I’m sorry,” he blurted, eyes closing so he didn’t have to see John’s expression.
I pull at the hem of my jumper, adjusting the collar of my undershirt as I glance up at the mirror in front of me.
He disappears down the hallway as I get up from my cot and press the alarm button on my clock. I turn the volume knob all the way up before slapping my hands over my ears and sitting back down on my bed.
John,” he groaned, rubbing his eyes, “why are so many people clueless about their lovers’ misgivings?”
“It- it’s Sherlock. H-he’s,” Mycroft took an audible inhale, quiet for a moment, composing himself. “he’s hurt, badly. Stabbed, I- I don’t...”
When John came home, he went straight to Sherlock's room before Sherlock could say anything, probably looking for his lounge shoes. He came out a moment later, a strange look upon his face.
“And his head clear.” Mycroft grumbled in clear frustration. Hesitantly, Greg set a hand on the man’s arm.
They found receipts from bought children, and bills of sale from sold ones, hopefully the police would be able to track down the poor souls that had already been sold off and save them. Rose was among the receipts, it appeared she was, in fact four years old. There was no birth date, but there was the country and city of sale, a smaller city in Romania, Sherlock told him, and it mentioned that she was sold by a woman. Most likely Rose’s mother had gotten in over her head and sold her daughter either for drugs or to pay off debts. She wasn’t a new purchase though, she’d been with this man for three of her measly four years.
About the people he'd watch die, about the warzone he would have to survive. It scared him, terrified him really. He had enough violence at home, didn’t he? How could fate expect him to take on more for someone he hadn’t even met yet? No matter they were supposed to be John’s perfect match.
”, John tuned out her fake smile, staring at the brochure the string was tugging him towards. With barely concealed annoyance, John snatched the pamphlet up.
“You ok?” the genius said once he’d gotten his breath back. John could only grunt and wriggle himself in closer. Sherlock huffed out a laugh. “That good?”
The first scar was on his lower calf. Sherlock was methodical and gentle. The needle barely pinched as it slipped into Johns skin. A moment later John heard the packaging on one of the sterilized scalpels opening. Soft fingers prodded at numbed skin.
“Sherlock, love, talk to me? I can’t help you if you don’t talk to me, remember?” John said as he reached up and wrapped his free arm around Sherlock, pulling the taller man in close.
After a long few moments John removed the now warm flannel, wiping the rest of his face. Sherlock was sipping on his tea, still watching John with his unblinking gaze.
” sound, as if testing her own voice. She was in no way fully healed from her time in captivity, but little ones were resilient. With time and therapy and patience, she would be screaming and running about like a little terror, just as any happy, healthy, little one should. With time, her memories would fade, and John wanted to ensure that all that was left was a happy childhood, if a little out of the ordinary, after all life was never dull with Sherlock around.
. Med school, honestly? John was a good student, no doubt, aceing all his classes and exams, but even with that, school was bloody expensive. He couldn’t even bloody well afford to eat, they barely managed to keep the damned water running as it was!
“Yea,” he whispered gruffly, stepping into Sherlock’s space, with every breath his chest brushing Sherlock’s coat “Yea, at home.”
“Yes, us. Sherlock, our lives are dangerous. It’s all well and good for two grown men, but what about a child? The strange people coming and going at all hours, the villains creeping in the shadows. Not to mention our temperaments. We’re not the most patient of men. You can’t sulk for three days and refuse to eat when you’ve got a kid. You have to take care of them. Always. You can’t lose your temper with them, you can’t throw mugs when you get stuck on a case, or put severed feet in all my shoes when we bicker-“
) yes, general anesthetic, and a box of medical rubber gloves. Sherlock frantically wracked his brain as to their purpose before whispering “
“I understand, but I know you. You jump ten steps ahead. This isn’t one of those things you can do that with. This kind of thing takes months or years of preparation and planning, and that’s if it goes through at all. It’s certainly not a decision you can make in a night. Besides, we don’t even know her name, or if she even has one.”
John swallowed, feeling gutted. Because that was what this was about, wasn’t it? Those few moments of being bound, forced to bend and submit, just like he had as a child under his fathers’ boot, forced to cry, his body stolen. Just a few moments and John found himself holding back from Sherlock for years, decades, centuries. John had always held himself back, always restrained himself. Even in the one place there was meant to be no restraint.
“Will she get adopted?” John suddenly piped up, leaning in so their conversation stayed privet as Rose continued to make the game buzz loudly, finding himself anxious about the fate of the small girl in his flat. Greg looked away guiltily.
person? A turtle who showed his belly to none but John. How could John possibly hope to shoulder this honor? How could two people so stunted and emotionally damaged possibly hope to help piece one and other together after living lives as merely fragments of human beings?
Suddenly Sherlock scrambled down Johns’ body, John lifted his head, grunting in displeasure as his lovely, wonderful source of heat suddenly disappeared. Then his legs were thrown over Sherlock's shoulders and the man buried his face between Johns' thighs.
“Not to mention we’re queer.” He murmured quietly, Sherlock rolled his eyes and scoffed. “I mean it!” John argued, “Sherlock we’re both queer as a bloody pride flag, you think the adoption process is nice to people like us? Not to mention I’m fucking trans. How do you imagine that looks? Society is just barely gotten to a point where gay couples can adopt, it’ll be much harder for us as men, and twice as hard with me in the picture. It’s not an easy process for anyone, Sherl, let alone a PTSD ridden trans ex-soldier and his self-proclaimed sociopathic crime fighting husband. The idea is lunacy. The best we can hope for is to make sure the girl gets to a safe home after all is said and done.” After a moment Sherlock sighed. He leaned his forehead against John and held his hands tightly.
John wanted to ask how Sherlock had gotten the grenade past airport security, and why the hell he thought it might be useful, but instead just cursed silently, sending up a pointless prayer.
“Greg,” John warned in the same soft voice he warned Sherlock. Greg’s eyes flashed to the wee one giggling so softly it was nearly silent as she made the game buzz loudly.
“You made your choice. You chose to stay; you chose to keep the target on your back.” Sherlock argued.
The head of the cult escaped, but Sherlock merely scoffed as he berated the head detective, the friend of Lestrade’s who had initially gotten Sherlock set up on the case, this time in English. He told the man to check an ancient church which the professor had developed an obsession for. Sure enough, as they sat in the back of a cab on the way back to their hotel room for a long, much deserved rest, Sherlock received a call. He simply hummed and gave a curt “
“Dunno, you and Mycroft just seemed so excited I thought… I dunno.” John ran his hand through his hair. “Look, I’m not saying I don’t want to show you off, cause I
It had turned out the murders dotting the city were the work of a strange cult which believed the entrance of hell lay deep within the catacombs. Many of their members had already gone missing, presumably left to starve and die after losing themselves within the miles and miles of bones that acted as the groundwork for one of Europe’s greatest cities. The cult had begun sacrificing Parisian citizens who descended from those nameless masses which adorned the catacombs in hopes it would persuade the devil to bequeath them safe passage into hell. (“Why would you even
“It’s like someone ripping up a piece of cloth. The pieces are still there, though they don’t fit together.” Sherlock whispered, “the memory is softened by this mutilation, though never fully removed. And worse, there's no guarantee the pieces won't stitch themselves back together, given enough time.”
As John readied to leave and meet his future brother-in-law at the pub near NSY, he paused to lay a kiss upon Sherlock's brow. “Thank you, love,” he murmured against Sherlock's skin. Sherlock lifted his head, leaning into the soldier like a cat. As John pulled away, he couldn’t help reminding his lover, “
“Sentimental sap.” John choked out around a weepy chuckle. Sherlock's face smoothed out and he smiled in tandem.
“Look mate, I can’t take her home with me, she can’t go into the system with her kidnapper still looking for her. What do you suggest I do?” Greg asked, he sounded defeated and annoyed. Sherlock snarled and began to pace the small office, John, who’d been awake for almost two days (
), at the same time Sherlock shifted so he was facing John more completely, his hands steepled under his chin as he appraised his fiancé.
“I haven’t heard about her talking at all,” the woman said, “this is a great sign, she must really trust you.”
Instead of a wedding date set more than six months ahead of time, they resent invitations with a date set for less than a month away. They spoke to Angelo, and he was more than ecstatic to close down his restaurant for a small reception after the actual ceremony. There would be no best men, no speeches, just friends enjoying a lovely meal. Angelo had, naturally, refused to allow John and Sherlock to pay him for closing down the restaurant for an entire night. In fact, Angelo had gone so far as to gather a few members of his wait staff to play a little music.
And after he awoke, John, wonderfully alive John, had come to him. Touched him gently, soothing him, clearing away his tears.
“Stunning.” He heard an all too familiar voice call from their doorway. With a grin, John spun to look at his fiancé but stuttered to halt when he actually caught sight of Sherlock.
people do? Big weddings with lots of people you never see coming into town? The… the planning and the party and rings and colors and bridal parties, and too many flowers?”
This girl, this tragic, anonymous being with no name, no past, nothing but the ratty clothes on her back. This child, who couldn’t be more than three, or maybe she could, she was obviously malnourished. She needed help, she needed a moment of safety. Just a bit of rest, John was a doctor, a soldier, a protector, and provider. He had a duty to…
“What?” Sherlock whined sullenly, still tugging John’s clothing off. Though still annoyed, John allowed the detective to shed his coat and shirt.
Hours later, yet before any of the guests had begun to filter out, John and Sherlock took their leave as graciously as they could amidst sly winks and Greg’s wolf whistle which turned both grooms’ scarlet. When they got home, John collapsed on the couch, not even bothering with his suit and tie, nor his shoes or trousers. He had drunk a bit (
The leader of the who thing, who had managed to barely escape the raid, was holed up in a safe house down in the seedier part of London. It took three calls and Sherlock had the address from his homeless network. Greg thanked them for their hard work, telling them not to come along lest John’s hand slip and accidentally fire his gun.
him. You want to be around him; you want domesticity and a life with that man.” Mycroft paused; one hand outreached slightly.
“God Sherl, just on the day to day here at home. No social service agent would ever let a kid live here. We’ve got a bloody lab upstairs complete with explosives and severed body parts for crying out loud. And that’s another thing, what about your experiments? And the kitchen would have to be childproofed, the living room is an array of books and papers, any child would destroy them in a minute. And that’s not even taking into account us.”
“Rose?” Sherlock asked, setting the girl down. She nodded smartly, “So your name is Rose?” she nodded again.
John felt tears of frustration well up in his throat, for this was, perhaps, the cruelest trick his mind played upon him. To offer him this shade of his lover, the man whose fate John was still unsure of. Three months this false detective had haunted him. Three months of wondering, if, perhaps, John had been left on that sidewalk with Sherlock’s body? Perhaps they were both nothing but ghosts, spirits floating through life, a sorry mockery of humanity.
“Keep your eyes closed and do try to stay still,” Sherlock said in the same manner he told John to pass him the sugar. Whining low in his throat, John nodded frantically and squeezed his eyes shut, lowering his hips back down.
One was from the chains Moriarty had used to bind him all those years ago. The cuff had dug into Johns' wrist, leaving a nearly invisible white line. John was more than happy to be rid of it. The other was the only scar John got while Sherlock was “dead”. John quietly admitted he had been seeing hallucinations of the genius while Sherlock was away. That night the imaginary Sherlock had irritated John while the man was chopping vegetables. After the fake Sherlock had pointed out how Mary Morstan
“Sherlock,” John hiccupped out, no longer hiding his tears. Silently, staring at John with an intensity that flayed Johns soul, just as the man had flayed his skin, Sherlock brought the wound to his mouth. He licked at the blood, gnawing on the skin, opening the wound further, ensuring a mottled stripe of white scar would take the place of the only physical sign of Moriarity's assault.
Now truthfully, that’s not the reason I insisted on Reagents park for our union. I’m not sure if he remembers or realized, and to be fair, it was rather dark at the time, but the first time he surprised me was in a cab, passing by that very park. On the way to our first crime scene.”
They found 26 other women and children living in repurposed crates and makeshift cages. A wooden box had been turned into a play pen for an infant, a chubby little thing with a tuft of black hair and deep almond eyes. John felt sick.
She frowns deeply as she turns back around to face me. Her mouth opens a bit, and her expression seems confused, but then her eyes widen the tiniest bit. Suddenly, I can see the full disapproval in the thin line of her lips, and deep down, the look doesn't make me feel good.
Mrs. Hudson smiles knowingly. "Dears, I just thought you'd like to know that the milk is in your refrigerator." The boffin's head snaps up hastily, John still looking at him through half-lidded eyes. Only after Sherlock makes an uncomfortable noise in his throat does the doctor turn his gaze to the landlady.
haven't found John. The number of Johns I've met in my entire existence has been...38, I believe. Since being 14, I've met 24 of those 38.
"I heard you were in Afghanistan getting shot at." His eyebrows knit together as he continues,"What happened?"
A certain defensiveness and determination flooded through him. “No, John, I messed up,” he said honestly, to which John’s eyes bulged from his head. “You and Rosie are the most important things to me, and I buggered it up. I wouldn’t want you to think I purposefully bailed.” The coke and smack still wedged in his pocket seemed to scream his name.
Sherlock could almost picture the disapproving frown in John’s voice when he said: “You’re getting too thin again.” A finger prodded at a protruding rib through his paper thin shirt. “You’re looking quite pale too.”
"Well, Greg; it was nice talking with you," I admit as I sling my coat on, smiling slightly as I stride out from behind the counter. "I'll text Mycroft and let him know to get a chauffeur to pick you up for your 'meeting'."
"Well, I don't want to call it 'relationship help', but...relationship help," he grins, glancing at the Freak and his sidekick pointing at other Yarders dispersed around the open room. "Figured the mistletoe hanging everywhere could be useful to him and John."
"What is my name?" He gestures to himself, and I shift uncomfortably when his elbow brushes against mine.
"There's another sensitivity lesson next Friday, if you need it," he threatens, gesturing to a clipboard on the wall. "I've already signed Anderson up for it, and the next two after that."
The smack had left him considerably drowsy. He felt around in his coat pocket for the cocaine and speed which, thankfully, were still safely hidden. Dozens of other junkies littered the den, and Sherlock scoffed at the realization that he somehow still found himself to be a
I already know what the sound is, knew from the moment it sounded in the air, but just because I wanted to hear it then doesn't mean I want to hear it now. Just because I know what it means, or because I feel the swell of interest in my gut, doesn't mean I have to acknowledge it.
He’d stashed the drugs and syringes in the loose floorboard beneath the fireplace. He glanced at it every so often, now, as Rosie toddled about the flat. Christ, thought Sherlock,
I personally think I’ve grown a lot as an author and a person in the past couple years, and hopefully that can be seen in the revamp. I also plan on trying to post new works to this fandom and others very soon.
Finally, I find my patience has worn thin as I idly spin my fork on my plate, twirling spaghetti around its tines. I haven't told my parents that I've received the mark, and they wouldn't know, considering only the recipient of the marking can hear the characteristic chime, and every person receives their mark at different times in their life.
"Oh, you arseholes!" I call incredulously, the canine still yapping beneath my legs, trying to pull on my trousers. I swiftly lift him up, keeping him away from my body as he continues trying to nip and bite. Redbeard was like this as a puppy.
The bastard nods before turning silently and treading down the staircase, his leather shoes making a hollow sound as he descends and proceeds to open the door. It's only when his archenemy finally exits the building that he rushes from his chair and leans against the windowsill to see past the frilly curtains.
"That's good, John...," she sighs in what sounds like content. "Just...don't let their ridicule get to you. Not everyone is so cruel."
I extricate myself from my Mind Palace, training my eyes on Lestrade's face as he looks at me warily.
This woman has a lesser reaction than the first, only staring at me with an alert glint to her eyes, but it's a reaction nonetheless, and I find myself slightly pleased. She nods before looking back down to her phone, and I nod in acknowledgement of her order, despite she isn't looking.
old,” Sherlock assured, sounding hesitant despite himself. “I wouldn’t even bring you on a case if I suspected you were going to keel over and die—too many people would look to me as the murder suspect.”
The cabbie’s look of concern peered at him from the front view mirror. “Everything alright?” he said hesitantly.
I nod in understanding as I swiftly transfer to the man beside her, my eyes scanning quickly up and down his form. Ah; he's a whiskey man.
It was like ripping off a Band-Aid, Sherlock thought, and quickly removed his hand. His eyes honed in on the dark gray script. The name which had been tormenting and intriguing him day-in and day-out for however long was only comprised of four letters.
Oh you DARLINGS! The stories are adorable and the mental images are adorable and I wish I was there to see such absolute indicators of true love! Ah you two are such soul mates! Ted and I wish you both the best with a big group hug! Xxxxxxxx
His body ached. Instead of singing, his veins now shrieked. They seared with desire, with wanting. In the face of the cooldown, his reality, which had during the high felt faraway and under control, now suddenly felt hopeless.
"Anthea, actually," she answers simply, for once not tapping out a message on her phone. "Your brother requested that I personally drop this off for you," she continues, pushing the package towards my chest. I examine the parcel before taking it in my hands as she says,"You may already know what it is."
Immediately upon exiting the vehicle, the cabbie sped off, seemingly intimidated by the small crowd of people encroaching on the store. The building’s foundation was relatively sound, but the store front was only austerely and simply furnished. The doorbell rang occasionally as passersby came in and out. The walls of the shop were cracked, vine-like weeds poking through spaces between bricks. Several people hovered on the sidewalk, many never actually entering the establishment. Not too far off, three men were slanted against the window front.
Sherlock lay in the bathroom like a dead thing. The bathtub was pressed along the length of his back, his elbows propped up on the lip of the tub. His legs were sprawled apart, feet vaguely encircling the loo. Dazedly, he pressed a new syringe into the most visible vein at the crook of his elbow, waiting for the pearls of blood to appear in the barrel before plunging the needle in completely.
I can see myself, short and scrawny, beside my stocky father. My mother and Harry are standing behind us. Dad and I are wearing eyepatches, and I'm wielding a foam sword, grinning with a bandana covering my shaggy locks of hair. He's got a pirate hat on his head, an arm slung carelessly around my shoulder as my mother hugs him from behind. Harry, despite her usual feigned indifference, is smiling widely beside me, slightly taller and older.
A lump formed in Sherlock’s throat. It was an uncomfortable and unwelcome nuisance, like a gnat flying around your head.
His head snaps up, and I almost jump at the precise gaze he holds with me, something similar to terror in his eyes. I feel an almost instinctual urge to ask what's wrong, to help, but I figure it isn't my place to ask when I barely know him.
"For being the World's Only Consulting Detective, he can be incredibly thick," her boss murmurs, palming his face with an exasperated gasp. Seeing their mouths moving, Sally quietly walks around the DI to try and hear what the Freak and his sidekick are saying.
. He would flush the cocaine and the rest of the heroin down the loo when he got home. Everything was under control. After all, he wasn’t some amateur.
I feel terrible because I kept saying “Yes, I will update this fic, of course I’ll finish it” and yet I never did. The least I can do is refurbish it and repost it. I will leave this version of the story accessible, however, in case anyone still wants to access and read/reference it at any time. The new version will have changes to dialogue, characterization (to a degree), plot (due to new information from season 4 which I lacked while writing the initial story).
“Of course,” Sherlock said. He didn’t voice his offense, that John’s insinuation stung him deeply. “I adore little Watson.”
Sherlock would never have admitted to being pleasantly surprised at his friend’s enthusiasm. “Well, it said John. I only saw it today.”
I try and drown out the pain, reopening my eyes. I can discern the bodies in the distance, caked with such a dark, thick-looking gray, so much so that they look drowned. They're the ones Bill and the others couldn't get to. The ones
This starts at the end of The Final Problem. Any comments, criticism, feedback, or suggestions are welcomed and encouraged!
"Easiest, fastest way to wake them. Breakfast is soon, and I wasn't going to wait up for them if they were still asleep," I reply, glancing to Bill's agreeing face. He nods slightly as he finally finishes tying his shoe laces and I sit back down on my bed. I lean back onto my pillow, continuing,"If you don't mind, while they're all not here, I'd like to get some peace and quiet."
Molly’s mouth was in a flat, terse line. “You can’t help how you feel,” she finally said. The words seemed to scrape her mouth on their way out. “I never expected you to return anything. At least, after John.” She paused; smiled wryly. “That confirmed that there wasn’t a chance.”
Smiling in approval, I slink under the spray of water, relishing in the way the warm rivulets dribble down my back. It feels as if the steamy drops soak into my skin and alleviate the dull ache that's been blooming there for days. I feel the knots in my muscles gradually dissipate as I lean against the tiled wall and reach for the bottle of travel-size shampoo on the shower's ledge.
“I meant for inconveniencing you,” Sherlock said past the lump in his throat. “I’m sure the last thing you want to do is take care of me while I’m in such a state. I really wouldn’t blame you if you went to bed. I know you’ve had a long day at the clinic, surely you haven’t eaten yet and probably just want to get to it.” He grimaced as the fingers in his locks finally stilled, body tensing beneath John’s calloused hands.
The cabbie glanced at him fleetingly before flicking his turn signal and edging his way onto the road. “Are you sure?” he said, side eyeing Sherlock with a shifty, hesitant gaze. “That place is trouble,” he continued.
I turn to Mike, some silent inquiry in the contortion of my face as he nods his head at me, looking quite satisfied with himself. "Is he always so...
I knock my stupid cane against my leg, feeling myself bite my lip as I turn to the window. This flat has barely enough space, even with the little amount of items I've acquired. The sun is a blinding white, seeping through the blinds and causing a shadow to stretch out against the door. I glance at my clock.
"Now, Lestrade has been a good friend to me, although he can be a bit overbearing. I know I'm obnoxious, but he deals with it, and with me forgetting his name." A wave of laughs from the audience. "I'm glad he can find some sort of happiness by being with Mycroft, although I'm not sure how he can stand him." More chuckles.
Something foreign and indecipherable swathed over John’s face. His eyes seemed to flicker with a differing emotion from moment to moment, then eventually settled on uncertainty. “Not you,” said John, with an expression Sherlock had never seen.
, I think, my mind drifting to thoughts of what the two colors look like. Even so, the fact still remains that tomatoes are, indeed, red, and grass is, indeed, green.
Okay, so it’s been a long time. I haven’t written anything new or updated any existing stories in about two years. This was due to school and work stress, as well as familial issues and lack of time.
"Oh, defensive much, Watson? What've you got to hide?" Carver retorts snidely, an ugly grin on his smug face.
“I really must be going,” said Sherlock, starting towards the stairs, waving to Klaas as he went. The coke still sent a pleasant murmur through his veins, tangled low and warm in his belly. No need to spoil the coke high thinking about the unattainable pleasure of smack.
"I don't know...it just does," I reply, crossing my arms. Her eyes linger on me for a moment before she flips the page of her book and writes something else. I'm tired of trying to decode her notes, so I don't bother looking at it.
Something warm and fond bubbled up in Sherlock’s chest, made his heart feel featherlight. He couldn’t help the way he sank into John’s lap with a new sense of relief, the way he let his eyes open again and train on the television. “Did you mean what you said earlier?” He didn’t elaborate, too afraid to: instead he worried at the fabric of his pajama bottoms with restless fingers and pointedly looked anywhere but John’s face.
business!" I grate out, my face contorting in anger, although I feel a seed of fear blooming in my gut. When I had walked out of my house this morning, my marking had been displayed proudly, but I tug my sleeve down now as Carver and Derek try and see it.
He gradually shuts his mouth, bringing his gaze back up to me as he says,"I suppose I might just have to ask him when we meet."
I snort in amusement as he turns his narrowed eyes on me, clearly unamused with this whole situation. I hold back another snicker as I start to clean a new tumbler and pass it over to his outstretched hands.
“Christ, I’ve been such a shit friend. I’m sorry, Sherlock. You must think I hate you...I don't deserve you.”
without fucking something up. John came up behind him, pulling at the neckline of Sherlock’s jumper. He peeled the fabric up from Sherlock’s waist over his head, pulling it straight up as to keep the shirt right-side out and avoid getting the vomit everywhere. He laid the article on the floor, all the while with Sherlock shivering and clutching at the hem of his pants.
“I hate the way things are now. Things used to be so simple.” Heavy breathing; tightening of John’s hand. “I remember when I first met you. You were like a bloody hurricane—either I made way for you or I perished. You were like a ticking time bomb, like a...like a child with a handgun. You were so brilliant yet so stupid sometimes: it was endearing. You were so,” a small unintelligible noise, “frustratingly endearing.”
The meat swirled in the salty broth, bobbing around amongst carrots and celery. Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “Not to sound ungrateful, but the last thing I want to do is eat.”
“Okay,” said John, impatience creeping into his voice. “What’s the matter? You’re on edge—you’ve practically paced a hole into the carpet.”
He knew the love of family, if not that of friends—or just the one, Victor—but nothing could ever seem to successfully fill up the lonely chasm inside him, borne from expectations of the special kind of love only a soulmate could provide.
Sherlock pronounces 221B as his own, and he and Mrs. Hudson celebrate with tea. But a touchy subject comes up, and Sherlock doesn't talk to her again until the next day. This conversation isn't any less awkward.
This was all routine. If he thought of it like that, instead of like failure, then it might not hurt so much.
Though something about the idea of an “other half” was, sillily enough, rather alluring. The prospect that there was someone who existed, designed as Sherlock’s perfect counterpart, mirroring him perfectly, complimenting him, accentuating his good and softening his bad, sticking around through thick and thin, was so childishly comforting. To be loved unconditionally and without reserve, and to do so in return without judgment.
He hesitates, because maybe his haughty brother is actually right. But then he sniffs pointedly and crosses his arms to cradle the pillow against his chest. "Preposterous," he scoffs, bypassing the fact that he must look like a complete child.
"What is it, dear?" she inquires, and my stomach is too tied in knots to care about being called dear right now.
Sherlock holds off on looking at his marking, but there's only so long a young man can wait. Once he looks, he has an enlightening conversation with his mother and an interesting encounter with a quote on the internet.
"17," I say instantly, trying to rein in my breath. Somehow, he manages to inch his hand up my back.
“Fine, right,” said John. He had finished feeding Rosie, bottle now held under his arm as he got up. “Whatever. I’ve gotta be off to work now. I’m taking Rosie down to Mrs. Hudson.”
“Very well,” said Mycroft. The book was plucked elegantly from the linoleum tiles. After confiscating it, Mycroft gently pushed Sherlock into a sitting position against the bathtub. He had a cloth in one hand, though from where Sherlock was unsure, and began gingerly dabbing at the spittle accumulating on Sherlock’s chin.
Sherlock remained silent for several seconds before he said meekly, “Is that why you’re still here?”
Sherlock took his other syringe, swaddled in loo paper and nestled in his pocket, and placed it on the bathroom vanity. He took the spoon from earlier and went through the whole refining process, ache growing in his chest as time dragged on. He was made only of wanting, in this moment.
. But if you're here now, at least help me dry the glasses," I say, tossing him a towel as he rises from the stool.
“Fuck,” he sighed, body sagging with relief when the solution entered his bloodstream. Suddenly, his heartbeat was languid and measured, pulsing pleasurably. The restlessness and paranoia of the cocaine entangled with the fresh dose of heroin, melting away into something placid. Greedily, though somewhat clumsily, he drew back the plunger and watched blood curl inside the barrel again before reinjecting. The second rush of residual smack flowed through him and he winced with the onslaught.
Something in John’s expression shifted and grew weary. After another moment, sadness folded into his face, distress pulling at his mouth. “Christ, Sherlock. I’m sorry—I’ve done it again. Look, I’m not mad at you.” John’s face made it obvious he would mentally chastise himself later in due measure. “I’m mad that I’ve somehow made you believe that you
Abuse, thought Sherlock, that hadn’t been abuse. A wake up call, certainly. He had grown accustomed to John’s caring and while, yes, the blows had been painful, and unbidden, and uncharacteristic of John’s nature, it hadn’t been abusive.
“Steady now,” said Mycroft, hands on either of Sherlock’s shoulders. He gently pried the toothbrush from Sherlock’s quivering hands, rinsing it and putting it back in its cup. He said nothing further, merely guided his brother out of the bathroom and towards the sofa. He pushed him down into the cushions, silencing the protests with hushing, as if dealing with a child. “Stay here. I’m fetching you some water and a bowl in case you have another...accident.”
All I've seen for quite some time has been war and death and blood, and I've become acclimatized to violence in a way that could pose a few...
shade of forest green,” she said offhandedly, with a certain amount of wistfulness choking her voice.
After a moment, Sherlock became used to the gentle touch, relaxing into its presence and letting out a low, almost imperceptible hum in appreciation. Another weight then moved to the crown of his head: fingers skirted over his scalp, scratching gently and stroking through coarse hairs. A low almost-purr escaped Sherlock, who altered his position slightly to accommodate John’s presence. Tentative, tender peals of laughter chimed in response, eventually petering out into a sobering silence.
“She’s going right downstairs,” said John, already grabbing her diaper bag from the sofa and his coat from the rack by the door. His voice held an air of offense at Sherlock’s comment, as if he had taken it as an implication that he was a bad father—which, Sherlock thought, was the furthest thing from the truth. “Mrs. Hudson watches her all the time. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m gonna be late.”
His blogger bites his lip, sucks it, shifts his legs. His hands still over the mug's handles. "Well, we almost kissed each time."
One day, much like when the dreaded and revered name came to him, Sherlock lay on his bed. A tree branch tapped erratically against the windowpane; the floorboards creaked from downstairs; a dog howled outside; all the calamity just seemed to so quaintly coalesce that everything became unbearable and Sherlock wrenched up his sleeve. Before he could look, he ran reverent fingers over the patch of skin, his bout of courage flagging at the actual reality of seeing the name that may or may not haunt him for the rest of his lifetime.
She gurgled as means of response, giggling slightly at Sherlock’s broad smile, of which she seemed especially fond. John seemed to retract her, impossibly, even further into himself.
She frowns thinly as she ambles into the kitchen. After setting the milk on the fridge shelf, she makes her way towards Sherlock's bedroom.
A cab sidled up to the kerb, and Sherlock vaulted himself inside, mind scratching itself raw. Thoughts hammered inside his head as if he was running around inside a hamster wheel, moving ceaselessly but never progressing forward—changing his footing but never gaining any ground.
How about when we were doing that cliché movie kiss with spaghetti strung between our mouths. Somehow he managed to push his saliva covered noodles past my lips.
"By the way, is it Afghanistan or Iraq? The tanline doesn't say everything." He smiles broadly, but it doesn't seem to reach his eyes all the way; there's only a pit of feeling there. It seems to morph, though, as his eyes glance to me again. The modicum of feeling suddenly looks larger, but only for a second before it's gone.
Sherlock hadn’t touched any of the drugs since the incident with John last night. Guilt gnawed at his stomach, tangled with self-loathing and disappointment. He knew how John felt about the throes of addiction. He remembered John finding him high as a kite in a drug den, then on the tarmac, then during the Culverton Smith case; remembered John ranting about his hatred for Harry. How she wouldn’t just let him help her, how she couldn’t be helped if she didn’t want to be—how he didn’t understand how Harry could
John has been invalided back home, but everything is amiss. Shouldn't he be better not seeing war and blood and death? Then why does he feel worse, and useless? It doesn't make any sense, and when his hysterical mother calls, everything starts falling apart at a faster pace than anything should be able to.
My eyes flit open, and every little thing feels so huge now. I can feel the flutter of my eyelashes against my cheeks. The pulse of my heart through my pounding head. The pool of blood seeping into my uniform. The feel of grains of sand scattered in my hair. Everything is so magnified.
I blink lazily, seeing the sun eclipsed by Murray's concentrated face. I'm glad to have Bill, otherwise I would probably already be dead. Bleeding out and letting a gray puddle soak beneath me and into the sand.
“I was in NA and everything, at one point,” said Sherlock with a little scoff. He patted his inside coat pocket and removed a yellow envelope. “12 step program, weekly meetings, relapse prevention plans—the whole shebang.”
"You wouldn't believe." He shakes his head ever the slightest, but his smile looks fond. "But actually, I've never seen him quite like that..."
I stop suddenly, forgetting myself as I try to remember what it is this conversation had even started because of. Then, the answer is blatantly obvious, and it enrages me.
“No, you didn’t,” said John. “That’s it, nothing more to it. I’ve already been going to the classes, and seeing the therapist—that’s the end of it.”
“Whatever it is, your color will appear incrementally. It won’t come to you all at once, but rather over time. It will grow in its intensity, so as not to overwhelm you too much.” She smiled in that wistful way she often did when talking about the times before pregnancy and marriage. “I remember how I first saw the color red, and I had gotten headaches in the beginning from looking at it. It takes a while for your anatomy to adjust and take the newfound ability of colored vision into account.”
Sherlock supposed he had to content himself with that sobering thought. He hummed absently, to which Victor paused his ministrations and gave Sherlock a long look.
Sherlock simultaneously had the breath squeezed out of him and breathed back into him. He couldn’t fathom the words that had just left John’s mouth, the way they sounded exactly the same as his own if he was prompted with the same thought: how would you be without John? Broken was only ever the answer. John made him whole.
Sherlock had spent an innumerable amount of time studying the science of color. He had read about the visible light spectrum, which consisted very broadly of what was known quite quaintly as “the colors of the rainbow”. He had read how the visible light spectrum was simply born from electromagnetic waves, of which cones in the eye were particularly sensitive to and therefore able to delineate. He had even memorized the proposed wavelengths of each color, categorized them from shortest to longest. He had studied photons and frequencies and anything he could get his hands on to help quantify and qualify the reality of soulmates.
I try to smile, but it's interrupted as Bill wrenches another fragment from beneath my skin. Then, he quickly plunges the tool back in. My eyes sting for a moment, and I bite into my bottom lip.
The high was indescribable. It was like sinking into a hot bath after a day of strenuous work, feeling muscles loosen and relax. It was like walking into Baker Street and being greeted by Rosie and John with open, extended arms awaiting an embrace. It was like pushing John up against a wall, edging his knee between his groin, pressing kisses flush against his neck, trailing them down—
Sherlock felt suddenly drained yet satisfied at once. “I guess she really is John Watson’s child,” he said wryly, extending his hand tentatively over Rosie’s prone form. He hesitated, fingers hovering in the air. Mrs. Hudson’s open affection emboldened him after a moment, and he began gently swiping his thumb over her temples.
That feeling of failure, which in the past weeks had become increasingly familiar, swathed over him again. It seeped into his chest, coiled there, made worse by the knowledge that he and John were already treading on thin ice as it was. He was terrified of doing anything that might jeopardize their tentative cohabitation—or his rights to see Rosie. His current position resembled that of a husband in the midst of divorce, trying to keep partial custody of his child, as well as gain as much trust from his spouse as he could manage after committing some inconceivable betrayal.
Sherlock couldn’t help the new surge of curiosity that ballooned in his gut as he blurted, “What color is it?”
Sherlock nodded, for ultimately it was John’s decision to continue with such things. He couldn’t deny that some of the tension drained from his shoulders, that something warm and affectionate flowered in his stomach at the news that John had started an endeavor wanting to better himself—that when he was disappearing off to somewhere that he wasn’t doing so out of hatred, but out of...love? Whether the apology was due or not, it felt nice to receive it—it meant that John still cared for him, deep down, that maybe their relationship wasn’t so irreparable as he had once thought.
I nod my head subconsciously, my mouth curling into a grimace. Mum notices my distress, I guess, because she strokes the side of my face comfortingly.
"Cheers," I finally shout, and everyone tips their glass as if they're tipping a hat in thanks. Then they all guzzle the champagne as I swallow a meager sip, and the hall bursts into fits of laughs and shouts and applause and hollers.
He clears his throat awkwardly, and Sherlock's head snaps to him. His and John's eyes both light with recognition as the detective practically leaps away and a scant flood of red dusts the doctor's cheeks.
. The man's body is so slender, but at the same time lean, and I would say that he just needs someone to make him eat more and he'll be fine.
“Why are you here?” she said, voice edged with steel—or as much as she could muster when her expression betrayed her hope and curiosity.
"I was in the car with him, almost like the guardian angel beside his shoulder. The devil was himself, and he was speeding, over 100 miles per hour," I explain slowly, heaving a deep, soothing breath. My fingers itch to do something other then stay limp in my lap, but it's almost as if my body's locked.
Sighing, I amble to the door, twisting the knob and starting down the stairs. I breach the final door of the flat complex, rays of sunlight pooling around me and causing a tingly feeling to creep into my stomach. Several birds chirp as I listen to couples chatter animatedly. I smile slightly.
Pleasurable ripples of feeling still coursed through his body. He felt himself leave his own body, watching from the outside. Thoughts rolled through his mind like tumbleweeds, passing briefly across his eyelids. It felt like someone was changing channels on a telly, like he was inhabited by one character after the next—never himself, just some strange approximation. It was strangely intimate yet detached. It was comforting, in a way, to be in his own body but away from himself.
"Sorry, gotta dash; I think I forget to feed my dog this morning." A calculated lie, and an unbelievable one at that. "The address is 221B Baker Street, and the name is Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock did as he was told, his usual stubbornness and indignation drained. He lathered toothpaste onto the bristles and brushed vigorously, so much so that his gums began to bleed and his tongue felt raw. He scrubbed and scrubbed but the taste and smell of bile seemed to cling to him. All the brushing seemed to do was irritate his mouth worse; and the fluoride of the toothpaste made his stomach roil with a renewed wave of nausea.
Not very much later, footsteps sounded and John, soon after, shuffled into the living room. His eyes landed on Sherlock for a moment, sweeping up and over the expanse of his form, as if in silent questioning. However, he had a sleeping Rosie cradled in his arms, which prevented him from speaking. He quickly made a simple gesture before heading off to, presumably, tuck Rosie into bed.
"Bloody Mary, yes?" I question triumphantly. She glances up to me, her face pinched up like she's been smelling something particularly awful. It kind of reminds me of Mycroft's smug face, and I barely register the way my fists clench at the thought of him.
“I grabbed you the blanket too,” he said. “I figured we can both watch some telly so you can rest and I can keep an eye on you.”
"Just because you may be a "proper genius" doesn't mean you get to insult the rest of us like our IQs are equivalent to that of chimpanzees."
A ping from the side of the camera's parameter startles the pair, and Sherlock almost drops the doctor in his hysterical fit to pull away. Gliding to his mobile, Mycroft watches in mirth as Sherlock's face sours into an almost snarl.
I spin the skull in my hands, expecting to feel happier about this whole soulmate thing. Frankly, though, I'm terrified of John Watson and what he might be.
However, the one thing she doesn't expect is to see the Freak and his lapdog at the snack table, looking pointedly at the dance floor with growing bouts of laughter.
I hear something through the ringing, now, something much louder than anything Bill could produce. I glance around frantically, trying not to turn because I know I'll just start burning. Then the burn will abate, and I'll feel chilled. A deep, endless cycle. A full, fiery, chilly, unpleasant circle.
“She’s a sweet girl,” cooed Mrs. Hudson, standing beside the bassinet. Her pruned and fragile hand stroked over Rosie’s forehead. “Doesn’t fuss or anything. Always happy and smiling.”
"Yes, dear?" she asks, and I unconsciously bristle at the implication of the pet name. Brushing off the term of endearment, I settle on the soil beside her trowel and shovel, watching her tend to the bright gray flowers.
, I observe. I find my eyes lowering to his wrist, but his arms are buried in a fine coat and his wrists covered by a dark fabric. It's oddly disappointing.
The last of John’s unease seemed to melt away, but a sense of detached professionalism still seemed to cling to him. “Good, that’s good,” he said, awkwardly shuffling. “Alright. It might not be for a bit, still stuff to...sort out. Y’know, demons as they say…” He laughed uncomfortably.
Her fingers brush tentatively at the flesh of my wrist, and I nod for her to continue, seeing the clear expression of hesitancy on her face. Suddenly, she forces my right sleeve up, and she stares at it for a moment. Then, I see confusion blur with the look of amazement.
"Tomorrow, please." He suddenly sounds pleading, his pretty eyes full of fear again, and dread, and I can't help but let him leave. My grip slackens and he takes the invitation to leave almost immediately, rushing out of the double doors as a meek looking woman carries coffee this way. She looks startled.
But Sherlock’s nature was not to shy away from knowledge. Even at the age of eight, knowledge was his weapon of choice. It was a second skin against bullies; the shield he brandished in self defense; the javelin he hurled; the missing puzzle piece to every predicament. Knowledge was power, as his young brain had come to learn. To deny the noise would be to succumb to an irreparable and unforgivable lapse of ignorance. No, he thought, ignorance was unforgivable, but a good dose of suspense was acceptable.
..." Other words come to mind, filling the spaces in my head, but it would be difficult to even categorize the level of...adoration, I suppose, that I hold for his level of observation.
She idly stirs two scoops of sugar into Sherlock's mug, taking care not to put any into John's. Scampering to the fridge and pulling out the carton of milk, she pours a bit into hers.
No one visited Baker Street; not Molly, or Lestrade, or even Mycroft. John and Rosie only seemed to stay as long as was necessary. John would often return from the clinic and never take off his coat or shoes, as if he expected to up and leave within a few moments. Sherlock silently prayed that he would make himself at home, then became overwhelmingly relieved when John changed into his pajamas and readied for bed.
"You lot might be soulmates!" I quip, smirking smugly as his already flushed face morphs into a deeper shade of gray. His embarrassment quickly turns into anger as he suddenly turns on me, eyes wild and jaw taut.
The familiar pressure of tears welled in Sherlock’s eyes. He rubbed at his face, hands shaking desperately, then ghosted them over the back of his head. He couldn’t discern anymore what his symptoms were due to: withdrawal, heartache, anxiety.
Sherlock’s head snapped to attention. He looked at John’s eyes and mouth, hands, posture—any indication that he was being deceitful—and found nothing but a startling amount of sincerity.
"Thumbs and toes," I respond, pulling at the seam of the chair, still pushing into Mycroft; he won't get up. He's making my chest tight, like a coil ready to be sprung.
Sherlock felt cotton mouthed, throat pinhole thin. He nodded minutely, reaching for the clothes and taking them with shaking fingers. “Thank you,” he said, though he felt like he was suffocating. Everything felt wrong, strained—like at any moment something would crack. He was expecting ire and yelling and rage. “I’ll be down in a bit.”
He silently nods to me as he leans back onto his cot as well, saying,"Yeah, I'd like a bit of a rest before we go to breakfast."
"Your frankly obvious displays of uncomfortableness point to such a conclusion," he says, quietly wishing that the good doctor would just leave him here to start the process of conversation deletion. It would be easier that way, for both of them.
I look to my gray mirror, tilt my gray head, and wonder when all the gray will forever leave my eyes.
She smiles gently at me, and I wish I could see the color of her eyes, her hair, her skin, her clothes: see all the colors she's described to me.
to care about the term of endearment right now. I nod faintly, slowly falling back down onto my chair.
“I wonder what the first blue thing I see will be,” Sherlock said, though he thought it as unproductive to wonder, considering it was far too impossible to attempt to predict the nature of his color surfacing.
My brother glances at the D.I., annoyance clearly written on his face as he looks back to me. It's fairly obvious that I must look petulant(Mycroft says my bottom lip juts out and I cross my arms), but he sighs in defeat, and I know I've officially won this time.
“Yes, fine,” he said stiffly, standing from his chair. He walked towards the window, abandoning the cup of tea John had prepared for him—yet another thing to feel bad about.
Anthea’s expression sobered. “He worries for you. Constantly.” At that, Sherlock had nothing to say. The silence stretched for several moments before she nodded, then began to walk away. Sherlock watched her duck into Mycroft’s black car; watched it pull away from the kerb with a rising feeling of dread, realization, and overwhelming nausea.
John, who had been smiling warmly at Rosie, directed his gaze at Sherlock. His expression sobered. “Are you sure you’re alright?”
Klaas shifted in his seat, hooking his leg over the edge. “Dreadful business,” he deadpanned. He lounged like a feline, eyes flickering from Sherlock to Andre, at whom Klaas nodded before he walked to the edge of the room.
Blushing furiously, she hears the short doctor whisper,"We've got to be more careful." The Freak nods his head, whether in agreement or acknowledgement, she's not certain. They slowly inch away from one another, unable to find any shelter from prying eyes until they slip into the hallway.
"Just so you know, I might step on your toes a bit," John informs, waiting as Sherlock searches for a song in his endless playlist, some of them his own recorded compositions.
“At least drink some tea.” John held out the mug, to which Sherlock took it with some hesitation. He had a small sip, noting the tang of lemon and the sweet syrupy characteristic of honey as the liquid slid down his throat. It was soothing, albeit uncomfortable. “What other symptoms do you have?”
'. Of course she decides to message me right now, when I'm actually interested in getting to know someone.
They stopped at Baker Street first. The vehicle pulled up to the kerb, the familiar 221B gleaming faintly in the moonlight. It seemed to beckon him as much as it seemed to dissuade him. John was looking at the knocker as if it were something more—as if there was some answer to the world’s unanswerable questions in the curve of the metal. Still, however, he didn’t speak. Silence seemed to strangle him.
"I can't be sure, dear, but it could be anything. When you first see blue, all the blue in the world won't just appear all at once: it will appear slowly, gradually, in increments. So many things are blue that you could see the sky, first. Or a building, a sign. Maybe a shirt. It could be anything, at any time, and I know it's frustrating for you not to have a definite answer, and I'm sorry I can't give you one."
John opens a letter and special gift from his mother while sitting on his cot in Afghanistan. After taking a shower and awakening every other soldier in his squad, he reminisces about his 5th birthday over a picture.
Suddenly hands were holding him by the face, guiding him ever further downwards. His eyes shot open just as his head was laid down in John’s lap. He looked up into his face, heart rate abruptly spiking. John seemed to loom over him, and there was something unsettling and powerful about his current position of dominance. But then his fingers were entangling in Sherlock’s hair and everything felt
"Oh, John, don't listen to what anyone else says...having a soulmate is a wonderful thing, no matter what the person's name or gender. Don't ever let anyone tell you that you're bad because of your soulmate...Who cares what anyone else thinks? You'll always be my little boy, and me and your father will always love you," Mum reassures, and I can do nothing else but smile at her words, even if I don't believe any of them.
At John's nod, Sherlock continues,"In that light, I don't find it ridiculous at all. I would like a dance with 'Three Continents Watson'". Mycroft doesn't even hide his amusement at the soldier's embarrassment, a blush creeping up the back of his neck and settling on his face.
There was nothing left to throw up, but the amalgamation of the bile’s stench and the sight of it made him continue vomiting. His stomach clenched painfully, cleaving to his ribs with each heave. The cold porcelain of the loo chilled his hands, burning his skin like contact with ice.
"Speaking of markings," she continues, finally turning towards me. I already know what she's going to say: how
"To put it plainly, I finally observed." Sherlock raises a suspicious eyebrow, circumspect in his inspection of John's form. "It started three months ago," he says, depositing a tea bag in both mugs as he starts the kettle. The detective notices a spasmodic twitch in his fingers as he goes to retrieve the sugar container.
He swallows the lump in his throat. His Adam's apple bobs. He strokes his hands down his robe. "You disliked all of it."
“Actually,” said Sherlock, quieting for a moment, “it was...it was quite nice.” Another wave of nausea and guilt assaulted him, weighing in his stomach like a litter of drowned kittens. It felt as if he had been forced to eat a collection of rocks, which had sunk to the bottom of his cavernous stomach and settled there. “But it just...hasn’t been working for me anymore.” He grimaced, teasing apart the envelope and peeling out a collection of pound notes. Now that the coke was so close, his skin was singing with want, searing. He pushed aside the rising fountain of guilt, instead honing his tunnel-vision, focusing only on the desire to get high.
I'm silently pleased at the way his lips curl into an almost snarl. Lestrade finally intervenes, though, pulling at my brother's arm incessantly.
I give Ella a look, causing her to merely shrug and scribble something in her little black book. I swear I see the word '
“C’mon, you,” he said to Rosie, dipping to elegantly yet somewhat roughly pull her into his lap. She giggled melodiously, making grabbing gestures and movements childishly reminiscent of applause.
What seemed to be an agonizing amount of time later, though in actuality was less than fifteen minutes, the cab pulled up to the kerb adjacent to the grocery store. Sherlock staggered from the car, practically throwing a wad of pound notes at the cabbie, who received the surplus of money with beaming appreciation.
Sherlock stopped before her and took it with an air of curious skepticism. Yes, he thought, if he was correct in his assumption of the package’s contents—and he was almost
“Oh, Sherlock,” said Mrs. Hudson as she opened the door. Her mouth was opened in a delicate shape, indicating her pleasant surprise. “Come in, dear. I’ve just put Rosie down for her nap.”
I wince slightly as they shrug me onto the soft cotton of the stretcher, my shoulder bouncing painfully. The four of them, one woman and three men, look apologetic as they continue to move my sensitive body.
I give her a smile; not a pained one, or a crooked one, but a genuine one. It's small, and my muscles twitch at the stretch of my lips when I feel so drained of energy, but it's real, and I actually feel reassured.
"Not a word," my friend murmurs, and he still has that smirk mixed between smug and amused. My head shakes on its own accord, rotating back to face this strange man that could tell all of that by a few glances and slight observations.
Ultimately, though, his guilt only grew stronger now. It was easier to obliterate himself when it seemed like John would be amenable to it, but now—now it felt like a wrong-doing, like a child disobeying their parents, perhaps unknowingly. Something heady and intense built low in his gut.
“Oh, but you just adore Rosie, I can tell.” Her easy exaltation softened some of Sherlock’s self-doubt.
Mike continues to walk down the corridor, and I follow closely behind, examining signs and instruments hanging along the walls. My shoes make a clunky tapping noise against the blinding white tiles, but his are even louder ahead of mine, heavily echoing inside the hallway as he finally brings me to a door.
Defeated, I push past her and plop onto her floral couch, messing with the teared cushion beside where I'm seated as she sits down in the chair across from me.
I pop the treat into my mouth as I replace the wrap over the top of the plate and slip it under my cot. I can't have the others knowing I have sweets; the whole plate would be gone by this afternoon.
Sherlock winced, subconsciously rubbing a hand over the crook of his elbow, where the antecubital vein resided beneath his overcoat. “No smack.”
John always appeared as if there was something he needed to say. Even on the off occasion where he was reading in his signature chair, or making two mugs of tea for them both—something which still made Sherlock incredibly warm despite himself—his face was marred with the consternation and absentmindness of someone lost in thought. Sherlock never pried, even when he saw the deliberation in his friend’s expression; even when he saw his foot tap absently or his tongue anxiously wetting his lips. Every time it seemed like there was an unspoken song in John’s expression, he tried to tamp down the hope that maybe something would finally change.
"Give me that!" Sherlock growls, and he looks none too happy as he snatches the phone from the D.I.'s hand and shoves it against his ear.
Sherlock smiled, tension bleeding from his shoulders and anxiety edging out of his chest. “Of course, Redbeard.”
Klaas nodded, a small smile plastered on his face. His teeth were yellow and rotting, one canine missing from his top row. “Anything for a loyal customer. Don’t go buying on the streets, now. Anything you need, I have.” He patted Sherlock on the shoulder before walking towards several men over in the far corner of the room.
He took a pebble from the little lake surrounding the property, one like the very same which he and Victor always skipped along the lake’s surface, and threw it at Victor’s bedroom window.
“We’ll talk later?” asked Sherlock, hating how he had to phrase it as a question, wondering when John had become so distant that the answer was no longer an immediate
"What were you thinking about?" he asks, and he sounds genuinely curious. Unlike Mycroft, who usually asks just to know why I'm not listening to his instructions, Lestrade's nose isn't crinkled in distaste.
The phone sounds with another notification, and I find my anger suddenly bubbling out of control until Gladstone licks my palm. I sneer at him, but he continues the motion until I wrench my hand away and bolt up from the chair; he can't distract me from the matter at hand.
"Mrs. Hudson!?" I shout, her appearing outside her door as I come to the final step. She looks slightly perplexed and concerned as I stride to the front door.
need anybody,” he said in a voice not his own. It was apparent to both John and Sherlock that this was a complete lie.
Life continued as it always had. After discovering his soulmate’s name, nothing changed for Sherlock except for his expectations and impatience. He selfishly wished he could have had Victor’s name on his wrist, if only to have his soulmate
Sherlock settled into the couch, steepling his hands under his chin. There was a haphazard restlessness building at the base of his skull. It felt as if maggots had niggled their way under his skin, burrowed and worked themselves into his innards; it elicited the same sort of gut wrenching disgust and skin-crawling sensation as would the stench of offal. He wasn’t sure if the feeling was the direct result of withdrawal or rather the thought that John might be close to figuring him out.
“Did you see the note?” said Sherlock tersely. He cleared his throat, waving a hand towards the kitchen.
had never seemed like one of his roles. John had been grieving, and Sherlock was, after all, without fail, a difficult person. That’s what everyone said.
Sherlock picked up a stone of his own and walked towards the well, which had quickly become his and Victor’s safe place. He relinquished the pebble and counted the seconds before it inevitably hit the murky water below. Victor came up behind him and handed him another stone. At the same time, they both dropped their stones and watched as Sherlock’s hit the bottom in marginally less time than Victor’s own.
John hummed back lazily to indicate Sherlock had his attention as he flicked on the Jeremy Kyle Show. “Yeah?” he said, fingers still moving in gentle petting motions. “Something wrong?”
Her eyebrows furrowed, nose scrunching endearingly. “Have you been drinking?” she half-whispered, grasping his bicep with a steadying hand.
Any intentions of lying seemed to melt away at her open and awed expression, mingled with her deadly serious mein. “Yes,” he said, proffering his right wrist as if in indication.
A warm weight settled on his shoulder, rubbing shapes into his clavicle. Sherlock simultaneously wanted to leap from his skin and melt into John’s—because
comes to mind first. This John Watson struck an unfamiliar cord in me almost immediately, intriguing and perplexing me all at once. I felt something deep in my stomach at the word
Abruptly, there's a ding from his pocket and he wrenches his phone out. His astouding eyes widen at the probable text message as he anxiously types out a response and practically jogs to the door.
As I slip on my shoes and tie the shoe laces, I realize the soldier is Bill Murray, one of my closer, more sincere, army mates.
It was obvious he was fingering a pocket knife in his jacket pocket. Sherlock, despite the immediate realization, somehow felt totally detached. The man posed a threat—surely he would actually stab someone if he felt cornered—but Sherlock felt only a startling impatience to get false pleasantries out of the way and get on with business.
Then, my thoughts morph into ones of my family; Mum, Dad, Harry. I remember I have a photo hidden in my nightstand, and I lift up from my bed, pulling the drawer open. I scour the whole confinement before triumphantly pulling the picture out and shutting the drawer.
"Uh, er...yeah?" he mumbles, hands abruptly reverting back to their cleaning motions. I stare intently at him from the corner of my eye, catching the way his jaw is clenched and his mouth is terse. I admit, I'm not the best at emotions, but I can tell he's uncomfortable.
Despite his weight, his height makes him look gangly, and his skin looks very white in this lighting. His clothing is obviously expensive, probably tailored to fit his form and hug his body perfectly.
Sherlock stared at the offending appendage with blurry vision. Perspiration slid down his temples, and he was made suddenly aware of the chill running down his back. “I can’t do it,” he mumbled, running reverential fingers over the leather-bound spine. He was shaking, from the drugs or something else he was uncertain. “He would...never forgive me if he found out...I would never forgive
There are so many things I don't know about my partner, and I find myself wishing I could deduce a person without even seeing them.
"Nah, nah, it's quite alright, John. I've had to deal with this for more than five years. Anyway, I have to go talk to some people," Lestrade says, turning to open the door before glancing back at them. "If either of you need me, I'll be outside."
"No," he admits, because that notion is perfectly plausible, but the other is patently, terribly, utterly unthinkable. He cannot comprehend it, and he can comprehend anything, mind you. "It is so farfetched that John Watson is attracted to me."
“Oh, fuck,” he purred, bowing against the vanity. Goosebumps raised along the nape of his neck. Before he lost his balance, he bumped his legs into the old and cracked porcelain loo, then collapsed on it. Head in his hands, he pulled gently at his hair, moaning slightly with the cocaine thrumming through his veins.
“Thank you,” said Sherlock past a lump in his throat. He was still fiercely uncomfortable and craving heroin, but this was as cozy as he could possibly feel. “You needn’t attend to me any longer. You’ve got more...important things to do.” He fiddled with the saltine packet and opened it, taking small nibbles from the cracker. “I’m not a child that needs coddling.”
"Mum, who? I need to know?" I lean against my nightstand. My hands lift the blinds to peer through the glass. I see a happy couple with linked hands. My eyes sting.
"You and your bloody experiments are getting out of hand. You're bound to get hurt much worse one of these days..." Molly notices the concerned undertone through the thick layer of exasperation.
"Come on, Myc." Greg is in the doorway, beckoning my brother, and I find that I'm glad Mycroft found his soulmate, in some twisted sense of the word; he has someone else he can bother now. Someone who can keep him away from me.
"And then?" Ella prompts, writing something else in her book, flipping idly to the next page like I'm not pouring my heart out to her, a
“I don’t want to fight,” said Sherlock, feeling threadbare and tattered, already sensing John’s rising ire. He had almost lost his best friend—the last thing he wanted was to argue over trivialities and semantics. He just wanted for his friend to shower, have a safe place to stay, and be able to care for his daughter. He didn’t think that was much to ask, and he wasn’t sure why John would be disagreeable to any of those wants. It seemed like he wanted to be disagreeable merely for the sake of it. “Let’s just get you and Rosie somewhere safe.”
Of course, all that work and effort and Sherlock had still managed to relapse several times throughout his acquaintanceship with John. He hadn’t resorted to the use of heroin again, not since just before those first NA meetings, but he had used morphine and cocaine, even a bit of speed. John had found him a few of the times—he’d gotten angry, disappointed. Sherlock was a difficult person after all. It was a miracle John had managed to tolerate him so long.
Something else is inside the package, so I hull it out, seeing rich gray colored fabric; a scarf. I bend over to spot another discolored patch and reach my hand in to pull out a black pair of gloves; leather, going by the texture. For a minute, I just stare at them, and then I realize that I actually
I oblige almost immediately, lunging from my armchair and swiftly pulling Skully to rest against my thigh. His silence always pulls something deep out of me, probably because I know he can't mock me. He's just an object, but he's better than people.
"I don't particularly mind either; the violin sounds lovely," I respond honestly, warming comfortably at his approving look. "That's if you can even play well." My jab gets a grunt of acknowledgement, but little else.
Sherlock would return to his life pre-John—he would solve cases alone, to prove to someone that he’s clever; he would wait for praise which would never come; he would walk into Scotland Yard without a partner; he would play the violin at night; he would keep body parts in the fridge; he would annoy everyone with his antics; he would shoot up in the bathroom; he would get reprimanded by Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson because they would be the only people aware of the squalor he’s living in. It hadn’t been a glamorous existence, but he was content with it once: he could learn to be content with it again.
"You, ah, got a minute?" he says, pointing at his chair like it's some foreign thing, like he hadn't sat in that thing across from Sherlock just five hours, 34 minutes, and seven seconds ago. "Before a case gets in? Well, you could actually treat me as a client, if you like."
He looks oddly stoic, and he startles me as his eyes flash my way, curious, scrutinizing. The man's eyes then train on Mike, to which my friend smiles politely; he looks amused.
The lean man looks less subdued as he walks forward almost eagerly, taking my mobile in hand. "I can tell your brother's drinking habits and sham marriage from this phone," he states, then gesturing to me, continues,"as well as I can tell you're an army doctor from your demeanor and tan."
Watson! Heh: has a nice ring to it, doesn't it?" he laughs, and I want to punch him so badly, but I don't want to give him the satisfaction of knowing that he was able to make me angry enough to hit him. Then, Derek puts me in a headlock from behind and hauls me away from Carver.
Sherlock tried to remove John’s presence with the same sheer force of will it might have taken to conjure it. Yet John still stayed stubbornly rooted to his side, hands always touching, words always tender.
Mike rounds the counter and stands beside him, peering over his glasses. The handsome man glances at me again as Mike looks. "Looks yellow to me," he answers. He shrugs as he continues,"What've you been up to?" I'd like to know as well.
Rosie sighed, chest rising and falling with her shallow breathing. She seemed completely at ease, either unaware or uncaring of the pair’s proximity to her. Children were so incredibly trusting—the most vulnerable, but also the least guarded.
As he apologizes for Sherlock's behavior, my mind settles on the fact that his name isn't William. I really thought we had something, but now I know his name, and although it sounds nice in my mouth, it
Mycroft waddles over to me, a smirk spread across his pudgy face. His expression is less scrunched as he clamps a hand on my shoulder; his way of saying thank you, I suppose. Honestly, he doesn't have to thank me, and I really don't want a hug.
Chuffed, I snatch my mobile off the table, uncharacteristically still for a moment before returning to my thoughts.
Yes, Sherlock lay now, alone on the couch. The refrigerator hummed; early morning sunlight blurred through the window; the floorboards creaked as the flat settled; and Sherlock was cold.
"What did Mycroft's soulmate marking say?" I ask inquisitively, subconsciously leaning in to hear her response.
John seems like he's finally embarrassed as he says thickly,"Uh...thanks, Mrs. H. I was just going out to get some, but I needed to have a talk with Sherlock about...what is and isn't acceptable behavior." His stare shifts to Sherlock's.
“Ah…I see you’ve had this since before the war.” Sherlock said in that bored, not-asking-but-still-asking way of his.
. Every breath John took was filled with the aroma of Baker Street, tea and gunpowder, gun oil, violin rosin, lingering cigarette smoke. And Sherlock, god, fuck, the smell of
“I… John, what is all this?” Sherlock asked in wonder. John smiled at him before pulling the man into a long kiss. Sherlock sighed into the doctor’s mouth, relaxing against the man on instinct.
“Was it enough?” Sherlock asked. John sighed heavily, he’d heard that over and over. The answer was always the same.
“They’re gonna put you in bloody solitary if you keep that up, you know.” He said to the young man. The boy snorted.
“I know.” Sherlock cut him off, giving John a gentle smile before leaning over his leg, twisting it so that the light from the lamp on the floor next to them shown on it brightly. John huffed a small laugh and relaxed back.
John was so busy daydreaming about graduation that he almost didn’t recognize the pull until his feet stumbled to a stop without his consent. Thoroughly annoyed, John swung his head around. Then his heart froze in fear. There was a little office set into the building across the street from him, his string pointing insistently to the door. “
“Oh! Right!” The detective said, skittering out of the room again. A moment later John heard running water. Sherlock returned with a wet flannel and a cup of water. He set both items on the tea tray, on John’s side, and looked down at the little setting, rather proudly.
) but decided that the wedding would be small, minuscule in comparison to Greg and Mycroft’s. They rescinded the save the dates and invitations, something John felt a little bad about. Their guest list shrank and shrank until it was only the people that really mattered. John and Sherlock, naturally, Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, Mycroft and Greg, Harvey, Greg’s son, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Mike Stamford (
John looked beautiful, the sun light drizzling in through the window, casting the man in a golden haze. John was holding some kind of notebook in his right hand, and a pencil in the other. He was bent over the paper, erasing something with a thoughtful expression on his face.
“When you delete something?” John asked thoughtfully, lazily. It was Sunday morning, the criminal classes rested. Ten AM and Captain John Watson MD was still in his pajamas, Sherlock Holmes was a bad influence, clearly. They sat in their respective chairs, barefoot, comfortable.
) “y- you told him about me?” Mike gave a knowing smile, looking all too pleased, yet still baffled.
go to keep John safe, to keep him happy? The way John’s eyes softened as he ran them over Sherlocks face said “
“You do,” Sherlock answered confidently. He was right, of course, but it only made John flush in discomfort.
John found that he loved it, that gentle possessiveness, the strange vulnerability of this man, the ice in his gaze, John could see his potential to be cruel. John could see the danger lurking under this man’s skin, this man was going to be difficult, he would be hard to understand, harder still to get close to.
“You were good with her.” John finally said. He decided he couldn’t be blamed for anything he said until he’d slept. It had been two days without rest after all.
“How do you feel about the violin?” the man asked, straightening, his hands clasped behind his back.
Eighteen minutes later found Greg Lestrade running up to the third floor where Mycroft had directed him via text. The first thing he saw was Sherlock laying on the bed. He was paler than usual. He looked small and young, none of the venom and vitriol Greg had come to associate with the man. Mycroft looked a mess, or what passed as a mess for him. Which of course meant he still looked like he’d walked off a magazine set. He had shed his jacket and rolled up his shirt sleeves. He was standing at Sherlock’s bedside, looking down at his brother, hands in his pockets. His face was drawn. He looked to Greg with something like relief.
“What hospital?” Greg asked as he bounded down the steps of his flat, heading outside to grab a cab.
Sherlock stared at John desperately, shocked hope blooming in his chest. “I- I will, I will. I- I got scared John. No one has seen me like that… never. No one, do you understand?” Sherlock whispered.
Apparently, John had been silent too long, because suddenly Sherlock began to try and pull away once more. Again, John tightened his hold and pulled the man down. John situated them so they were face to face in the dark, arms wrapped around one and other.
As the sun dawned it found the Baker Street boys curled together on the couch, Sherlock had drifted off at some point, his soft breaths puffing against John’s neck. The soldier sat stoically.
“Trust me.” He murmured lowly. John took a deep breath and nodded sheepishly, following his husband onto the makeshift dancefloor. He laid a hand on Johns' shoulder, tugging John until the doctor was pulling him in close by the waist, effectively giving John the “male” position as the music started.
“Alright?” Sherlock gasped, placing his forehead against Johns, a chaste kiss on his lips. John almost responded verbally but caught himself and instead nodded. Sherlock met his eyes and smiled, all soft edges and pride.
“Oh lord, god help you John Watson.” Mike gaped, looking after the door where Sherlock had disappeared.
John gasped, there was a tightness in his chest, a rubber band pulled too taunt. He couldn’t…. he felt suddenly, if he dared take one more step, the string would snap, his cosmic connection to his perfect mate ripped away. John collapsed against the wall, his face in his hands.
“Oh fuck,” John gasped, craning his neck backward as Sherlock ate him out. It was filthy and wonderful, so perfect. Sherlock paid no mind to his own spend dripping from John, tongue filling the doctor, almost non-existent stubble rubbing against Johns’ sensitive lips.
“I know.” Sherlock said, looking back up, “I know. I just. I don’t know, I got scared. I said all those things to… I’m sorry.” Sherlock finished lamely, looking away.
reason. Sherlock steeled himself, repeating the lies over and over in his head. With a heart locked behind plexiglass, Sherlock stood from where he’d been brooding in his chair. He walked into his room, and before he could argue with himself, he gathered John’s few possessions that had found their way there and walked up the stairs dumping them on the soldier’s bed.
“And what, pray tell, am I supposed to read her?” John sighed in exasperation as they moved into the living room, wondering why he picked such a difficult partner.
The girl, though she didn’t speak, was eager to help with breakfast. John decided pancakes and eggs were the way to go. The little girl was excellent at cracking the eggs, when John checked them before putting them on to fry, he only found a small piece of shell. He praised the girl who flushed red with pride, a little smile cracking on her lips.
“He says, he says, how do I know? Vic, can you believe-“ the junkie looked next to him, then doubled over in giggles again. Greg furrowed his brow and flashed his eyes around. The cell was empty save the man. So, who did the lad think he was talking to?
. Well…” Sherlock's fingers traced over Johns top-surgery scars and his gunshot wound. “Every scar but
to me. What’s going on in that big head of yours? Who do you want to hurt?” John spoke gently. Sherlock bowed his head in shame.
“Can I come spend the night wiff you?” John looked down at her in shock. Her voice was high pitched and whistly. She looked nervous to have asked and John couldn’t keep the smile off his face.
John nodded and took the girl by her upper arm, gently but firmly speed walking her out. When they finally found the secret exit out into a dingy alleyway, littered with needles and glass, John swept the barefooted girl up. She squeaked as the trio ran to the opening of the alleyway. John set the girl down on a low wall and set about untying her. The gag came out first and she broke into loud sobs.
John left his fiancé to it as he puttered about the kitchen making a pot of tea. It was so bizarre to no longer have to dance around Sherlock's chemistry sets. No strange body parts in the fridge, no dangerous chemicals left to be mixed into edible foods, no eyeballs in the mugs, just a neat, tidy kitchen. Sherlock had taken a shine to the idea of having a privet room for all his experiments, though there was a small armchair in the corner reserved for John. Sometimes the soldier would drift up with him and they would chat comfortably while Sherlock worked on some mindless experiment which only required half his attention and John edited their blog, reading out cases for his fiancé to choose from.
John instantly looked away and shrugged guiltily. Sherlock's mouth turned down in displeasure and he huffed in annoyance. “Fine,” he sighed in a long-suffering voice, “shall I just deduce it?” he lifted an eyebrow, challenging the doctor, and John cringed, god help him,
.” John stressed, shrugging, attempting nonchalance. Something purred in Sherlock’s chest, pleased at yet
“What? Oh, god no Mr. Holmes. I just… Look, every time your brother has come in since I let him look at some cold cases, he looks healthier, cleaner, a little more sober and alive. I’d just hate to see him slip back; you know?”
“Why’d you do all this?” John asked as he took up his own cup. Sherlock looked away, flustered almost, and shrugged.
“Won’t you sit?” he motioned to John’s seat. Hesitantly, John sat. Sherlock, thankfully, didn’t hover, just curled up on his own seat, analyzing John’s every move. John, strangely enough, felt a bit comforted by that. It wasn’t often something got Sherlock’s full attention like this. It was flattering in a way John tried to suppress.
It took John a moment to realize what had woken him, with a sleepy inhale he weakly lifted his head. His arm stretched out, meeting nothing but blanket and bed. It was lukewarm, Sherlock hadn’t been gone long enough for the bed to have gone properly cold. John debated getting up, perhaps Sherlock had merely been unable to sleep and gone to experiment? This whole situation was so new that John wasn’t sure where their boundaries were. What was ok? What wasn’t? Would intruding on Sherlock's four AM experiments cross the line from concerned to clingy?
“Need something to mark the scars?” John asked. Sherlock just snorted and rolled his eyes before moving to Johns' toes. One gloved finger traced over a small cut on his left pinky toe. John shivered at the small touch. “Learning to use the cane, I tripped over my shitty bed in that horrible little bedsit, about a month before I met you. Never did get all the blood out the damn carpet.” Sherlock hummed.
“Yea…” John looked on as a little girl and boy, perhaps 10 and 6 respectively, shivered as they huddled under a scratchy shock blanket. They eyed the female officer in front of them warily as she pulled a bar of chocolate from her coat and broke off a piece, presenting it to each child. The kids eyed each other before taking a bite, their face lighting up at the sweetness, grinning at each other in surprise. John swallowed past the lump in his throat, “Yea… I know.”
“Well considering we’re married, very little save harming innocents and infidelity, I’d imagine.” John tried to joke. Sherlock was silent for a long moment before he began to pull away. John immediately grabbed him and pulled him closer. “Hey! Hey, where are you going?” John felt his heart beat faster.
“Well, hell mate,” Greg shrugged, “just ask him? It’s not like any of us will ever know what in the seven hells goes on in a Holmes' brain,” Greg scoffed.
. People argue, people do stupid things, they hurt each other and love each other and hurt each other all over.”
night. Another drunk driver eager to go around them, but John was in the driver’s seat instead of Victor this time around. And as the car crashed, he saw Moriarty hanging out of the drunk driver’s car window, laughing and pulling taunting faces at Sherlock. The car rolled into the ditch.
“Tea, it makes everything better.” The genius said to John’s unspoken question, a crooked, shy smile on his face. He stood suddenly, staring at John intensely, as John stared back in embarrassed bewilderment.
name again. He hadn’t dared ask Sherlock about the name Moriarty had mentioned to him during his brief captivity. John had almost fooled himself into believing it was just another of Moriarty’s mind games, there had never been a “
“That-“ the doctor choked out, “is utter horse shit. And when you fucking figure that out, you can call me. You’re only alone because you
With a swish of his ridiculous coat, Sherlock swirled into the room. The chanting stopped and all eyes went to him. The woman holding the dagger, poised to cut another women’s arm, turned the disease-ridden bit of metal on Sherlock.
Intrigued, but also a bit paranoid, Greg took a step closer. “How do you know all this?” he asked suspiciously. The boy just broke into snorts and giggles.
) would sit on their couch together pouring over color scheme samples and prattling on about flowers and pocket squares and ties vs bow ties and waistcoats and… God, a million other thing, John would have to pull on every reserve of patience he had. When, god forbid, Sherlock would turn to him holding up two shades of blue (
“What you taught me to.” Sherlock snapped back. Mycroft sat frozen, a hard look on his face, before it melted into exhaustion.
The day of, John found himself standing in front of their bedroom mirror admiring himself in the Oxford Blue suit Sherlock had selected and commissioned. He looked… good.
, he couldn’t say. For that was the last time he had danced, it had been something his father had taught them as children. But at the time he had been
“We’ll take her home.” John suddenly said, surprising himself and everyone else. Sherlock looked at him wide eyed and panicked.
“I don’t like people touching you.” Sherlock pouted, pulling roughly on the buttons of John’s shirt.
That was the first time John Watson took me by surprise. The second was later that day, I led him on a wild chase through London, departing from this restaurant. It was, admittedly, just for fun. Partially to see if I was right about the cause of his leg pain, partially to see how he would react to the Work. To my surprise, John took to my lifestyle like a fish in water. We worked perfectly as a team, keeping up with the other with ease. There was no awkwardness, no question, then, that John Watson would be moving into 221B, for I decided he would be a wonderful asset to my work and my life.”
“Only if you want to, but yes, that’s the plan.” She squealed in delight and threw her arms around his neck. John wrapped his arms around her small frame and stood, face buried in her curls. She smelled like baby shampoo and faintly of Sherlock’s cologne from where he’d swept her into a hug and tucked her against his side on the car ride. John suddenly felt Sherlock’s palm on his back, and he reached out blindly, pulling Sherlock into the hug. His face was wet with tears and his throat felt clogged, he heard Sherlock try to sniffle discreetly and knew he felt the same.
Once, John would have gotten offended at any insinuation of being left behind to banalities and domesticity. He would have jumped at the chance to come with Sherlock on some intriguing adventure or go to Scotland Yard.
Sherlock had hoped John could slyly reinsert himself into the narrative of their life together, that the transition would be easy and carefree, like their interactions used to be. Of course, as per usual, Sherlock was denied simple pleasures.
This was all uttered in his own head: John didn’t hear him. The lights in the kitchen flickered off.
"Would he force it on me?" I shake my head rapidly, glancing sideways at the skull still on my chair. "No, no, John seems nice," I breathe, carding a hand through my hair. "But maybe he's demanding, or, or overly jealous? Lustful?"
"What's your sibling after, Harry, yes? The issue is money, isn't it?" he inquires, cocking his head like a cunning animal. His eyes peek down at my mouth oddly, and it's only then that I realize my jaw has literally dropped; I try to compose myself.
"Ohh, Sherlock; that's lovely! What's his name?!" she shouts, her smile so wide that I'm (only sort of) tempted to ask her if it hurts.
“For all you pretend like you’re unaffected by the world, you are—deeply. I just want to share that burden with you.”
I should probably hate 'William' for making my life worse, but I can't hate him when I don't even know him yet. And even though Carver and Derek act like it's bad for your soulmate to be of the same sex, I know it isn't, and I've never thought it is. I'm just scared, is all: scared of being with a guy in
The pathologist stands awkwardly as a beat of silence passes, the only noise being the water still pouring from the sink and the gulp of her throat. She notices the change of distance between both of them, the way Sherlock is leaning in slightly and how John isn't backing away. She clears her throat uncomfortably, although she knows the sound won't permeate the room.
He nods faintly as he asks,"How do ya get up so early, John?" His words are slurred with sleep as he grabs an outfit from his nightstand and makes his way to the hallway.
Smiling fondly, she sets the mugs on two saucers and carries her own with her as she trots down the stairs; the pair should be home any minute.
Hesitantly, slowly, finally, they pull apart, and all he can think to do is press his lips to John's again, yet this stare must not be broken. He has to seize the moment, squeeze it and hold it, because this minute is irrevocably golden.
There are a few things Sally expects tonight- loud, probably obnoxious music- terrible punch and stale gingerbreadmen- nosy questions and idle gossip- a heavy supply of lights and mistletoe- maybe even a few employees shagging in the toilets. The Met Christmas party is nearly the same every year, and she sure as hell doesn't know why she keeps coming.
"Dance with me, John." Sherlock directs the phrase at his companion, who is settled into his chair with a cuppa. Oh, and here is a delightfully snoop-worthy moment! Mycroft isn't ashamed as he, with an amused smirk, watches the scene intently.
"Nicknames," I say simply, giving my brother a withering look as I rise from my chair. "Now, brother, if you don't have anything useful for me, I will be forced to evict you from my flat."
In time with the beat, John obediently tries to follow Sherlock's lead. Much to Mycroft's entertainment, 'tries' being the operative word. John was right about the toe-stepping. The good doctor surely means well, he muses, but giving Sherlock broken toes will certainly be the outcome if this continues. Maybe he can buy his brother ironclad shoes if they persist in holding dancing sessions.
As soon as Victor descended the flight of stairs from his upstairs bedroom, the two boys set off through the underbrush towards the preternatural lake which was always astoundingly tranquil, even despite frogs and fish they had found in the crags and shallows.
With this fresh predicament suddenly brought to his attention, Sherlock found himself hoping that wherever his soulmate may be, whether they met or not, that he was safe and healthy. He even hoped, if only slightly, that his soulmate was thinking of him too.
I growl as the pliers bite back into my shoulder, scouring for another clip of the bullet. The tool waggles around, digging in so deep I think it might touch the bone there.
Sherlock still woke up early in the morning and sat in the living room with John and Rosie, quieted by things unspoken and an awkwardness which had never existed before his own death. John still left for the clinic, and always brought Rosie with him to go to Molly’s or Mrs. Hudson’s. Sherlock would still immediately shoot up in the bathroom with the instruments Mycroft had given him, then usually pass out either on the loo or the ratty sofa. He would still awaken feeling worse than when he had fallen asleep, mouth dry and eyes puffy, quivering and alone. He would still seldom eat or drink—instead he angrily scratched notes on his violin and filled up his time with fleeting fantasies.
safety. It had already happened. Moriarty had seen his love for John before even Sherlock had, he’d hurt the soldier, beat him, threatened him,
“Yes, you do.” Sherlock cut him off, frowning at the man, “and it’s not just with me, it’s certainly not new. I’m not saying you want whips and chains and collars, but you enjoy submitting to someone who deserves it. I’d wager you always have; you spent your childhood trying to constantly appease a man who didn’t deserve your submission. Of course you would naturally seek out men who do later in life. Sholto? Me? The army?”
“What's it like when you delete them?” Johns voice was weak, stopped up, teary. Sherlock pulled John impossibly closer, the soldier went, curling himself into Sherlock's chest.
“Ok,” Sherlock finally said, turning his head and laying a kiss on John’s inner wrist. “Where are we doing this?”
“I didn’t-“ Sherlock hissed, cut himself off, looked at Rose who was looking back and forth between Donovan and Sherlock with wide eyes. Sherlock took a breath and visually relaxed his stance, “we asked her name and she pointed to a book with a rose on the cover. We didn’t just “
Five years later I must say my initial analysis was more than correct. John Watson isn’t just an asset to the Work; he doesn’t just keep me from losing myself in it, as I do when I'm alone, or patch me up after a rough case. He’s also vital in keeping me as close to normal as I can sustain.”
They could find no record of a missing Rose that fit the time frame or location of her sale, and seeing as there was no proof she was a Romanian citizen, Rose ended up at a group home in London. The home, Mycroft assured them, was specifically designed for children who had experienced trauma. The requirements for adoption were lengthy. In the end John and Sherlock bought out 221C, mold and all, and began renovations to make it into a suitable lab and office space for their work. They looked into schools and child therapists, met with social workers, poured over finances and installed new security measures. And three times a week, without fail, they found themselves at Rosie’s group home. Sherlock and John would take turns reading heavily edited accounts of their misadventures to the excited children who sat with mouths agape.
John hummed happily as he stripped and situated himself on their large bed, the small tea saucer balanced on his thigh. Sherlock came out of the shower some long moments later, a white towel slung low across his waist, and another rubbing vigorously at his hair. He slowed his movements as he took in John on their bed. John stretched teasingly, allowing Sherlock to see every bit of him without hesitation or self-consciousness.
“If you want to speak, it’s ok,” John tried, using his soothing bedside manner voice, “we won’t be upset if you do. In fact, we’d be very pleased if you could speak to us and answer a few questions.” The girls face morphed into one of doubt and disbelief, her small face turned down in a moue that broke John's heart.
They moved into Mycroft’s mansion of a home two years later, a year after that found them married. When Sherlock was forced to flee the country to save his friends, Greg among them, they held each other for comfort when the worry got to be too much.
“Walk out backward, slowly, don’t turn your back,” Sherlock said without taking his eyes off the cult members, kicking the dagger behind them and into the corridor where it skidded to a halt against a wall made of skulls. John grunted in acknowledgment. There was another tense moment before the trio began to walk backward. The girl sniffled from behind John. He murmured to her in English, not knowing if she could understand the words of gentleness but hoping she could at least interpret the tone of voice.
“Still what?” John was getting irritated now, he hadn’t seriously thought about children since he transitioned. The government didn’t even want to admit people like him existed, let alone allow them to raise a child. “It’s not like we can keep the girl, she’s a victim-“
“Y-You died, and I couldn’t… I couldn’t do any-“ he cut himself off with a head shake, gripping John tightly.
.” Mycroft said simply. “I was… misguided, I was young, naive and afraid. I’m still afraid, Sherlock, no, stop.” He sharply cut the younger man off when Sherlock opened his mouth to snark at his brother, Sherlock’s mouth audibly clicked closed. “Be quiet, for once, and listen to me. I feared for you. I feared for the broken heart you’d be subjected to. And my worse fears came true with Victor, you two were so in love. So young, so vulnerable. I feared the power he held to hurt you, and he died in the worst way, the absolute
not know about the earth going ‘round the sun? Or is it like the lost memories, where it’s eclipsed by something more important?”
When they returned home the girl dutifully took the toothbrush into the bathroom with the instruction to try and bathe, from Sherlock of course. When John awkwardly asked if she needed help with her hair, she stared at him hard for a moment before nodding and leading him to the bathroom. John quickly and clinically washed away the dirt and grime of London streets from the girl, then tucked her into her princess nightgown. She handed him the comb then sat in front of the couch, waiting for him to sit and comb out her long tresses. As he did, he remembered being in her position as a child. Playing with his doll as his mother gently combed out his long golden hair and hummed under her breath. He would have smelt like bubblegum shampoo, his skin still warm and damp from his bath. The fire in his living room burning brightly, warming his bare, scabbed knees peeking out from beneath his favorite night shirt. It was one of the only peaceful times he remembered from his childhood. A moment of quiet and rest, the eye of the eternal storm that was his home life. He found himself finishing with her hair faster than he anticipated. She took the comb and tucked it back into the paper bag it came in, along with her dirty clothes and toothbrush. All of it was neatly piled at the foot of the couch.
John wanted to say something snarky and teasing, but when he opened his mouth, nothing would come out past the lump in his throat.
Then John entered the lab and his world turned on its head. John was gaping in shock, even as he offered the man his cell phone when Mike said he’d left his. The man looked up, down, then up again quickly.
He liked Sherlock like this. So rarely did the cases take a back seat, so rarely did Sherlock allow himself to experience and feel freely. John thought, perhaps, it was something to do with the anonymity? It had been many, many years since Sherlock was afforded the luxury of simply being a man in love. Probably not since Victor all those decades ago. The detective seemed content to revel in his newfound freedom. No one around them saw the superhuman detective and his trusty sidekick, instead, they were simply two newlyweds, madly in love as they wondered Parisian streets.
“I’m sorry, John, I- I’m not right in the head. I know I’m not. I’m not like normal people… I, I try so hard but…” Sherlock hiccupped out between gasps. John shushed him gently.
“Honestly, I’m surprised it worked at all,” Sherlock admitted, grinning at his husband mischievously. After another second, they both dissolved into giggles.
“Oh!” the girl said, false cheerfulness coloring her voice, “yes, I almost forgot! We’ve got a fantastic pre-med program! We work with some of the top hospitals in London to-“ John tuned out.
The wedding ceremony was short and sweet, they removed their engagement rings, then replaced them back on their respective fingers. Their vows were simple, softly spoken so that they barely carried over the wind. For these words of promise and adoration and loyalty existed for none but them.
The taller man had combed back his hair, taming the mess of curls and was wearing a suit of dark purple, with black lapels, (
“No,” Sherlock replied, dropping the ice pack in John’s lap as he moved to take up his place at the desk. “It's like… well, it's like a computer. When you drop something in the recycle bin you can find it again, but it takes a bit of digging. And eventually it fades away and you just… forget.” Sherlock shrugged. No more was said on the matter.
“I’ll see you there, my John,” his hand lifted, fingers grazing where John's string met his chest. John thought it odd how touchy this man was, no regard for personal space, already behaving as if John was a part of him, or perhaps as if John already belonged to him.
Greg, with a furrowed and confused face, looked between John, Sherlock, and Rose before speaking again. “Er, right, well, there’s a social worker waiting at the station, she’ll gather… Rose and take her once the docks are secured.”
As John, now sufficiently sleepy once more, trailed back up to his bedroom, a soft lullaby played on the violin drifted up from the living room. Half an hour later John turned on his side, drowsy and lax. Before he fell asleep, his last coherent thought was that he was sure he heard Sherlock’s door open and close when he fell. Did the man get out of bed just to comfort John?
“Do I gets to stay wiff you now?” She asked, face suddenly lighting up in excitement. John grinned at her enthusiasm.
“These are quite good.” Sherlock finally said. He didn’t look at John, but he could bet the man was blushing.
“Keep your hands here,” Sherlock muttered into his skin. John could barely manage to hum in acknowledgment, body too lax mind too free to concentrate. After a second Sherlock kissed his way down Johns' chest, paying attention to Johns’ collarbone, to his scars, places that caused John to gasp in pleasure. Like electricity thrumming in his veins. Sherlock's wedding ring hit his skin every now and then, a jolt of cold metal warmed with a commitment that made John whine and shift.
“Yes, well that’s different, isn’t it.” Sherlock sneers, “You expect two men to take a strange little girl to their home for the night? And just how do you think that will be perceived?”
The cult had found a sort of makeshift room set off of one side of a corridor to perform their rituals in. There were perhaps half a dozen members left, all dressed in white linen robes without hoods. They were currently performing some kind of blood rite, cutting the hands and wrists of a select few and bleeding them into a large stone bowl set in the center of the room. John’s inner doctor cringed when he looked at the knife, a long, sharp, dagger riddled with rust and clearly as old as the walls that surrounded it.
“John-“ he started when he was close enough, then swallowed and shut his mouth, looking down at John’s feet in shame.
, John realized, looked bewildered in a private, reserved sort of way. With slow, steady hands he typed out a message on John's phone, turned it over once, then stepped closer to John. He was all long limbs and sharp angles, John immediately wanted to wrap him up and feed him way too much food.
“Yes,” he said, voice thick from sentiment or chocolate, John couldn’t tell. “My grandfather would take the honeycombs and hand dip them in chocolate every once in a while.” Sherlock took another bite, closing his eyes and humming gladly. John smiled as he took a bite himself, humming in agreement. The honeycomb stuck to their teeth; the chocolate coated the top of their mouths.
. He’s fine, they say he’ll be fine, back to normal in a few months, as long as he doesn’t pull the stitches. I don’t know why I called, I just…” Mycroft drifted off, he looked lost, confused at his own actions.
“He got hurt. Like Vic, and I couldn’t do anything. I should have listened to you.” Sherlock admitted quietly, not meeting his brothers’ eye. The mans face broke for a moment, hopeless.
“Hush now, John. I’ll give you what you need.” Sherlock soothed, right hand dipping between Johns' thighs, fingers sliding into the older man effortlessly. God, Sherlock always managed to get John so wet, open and aching for him.
“Thank you.” John finally choked out, blowing gently on the tea before taking another sip. Sherlock blushed again and ducked his head, pleased.
And of course, this meant John Watson spent the next two years working his fucking arse off, applying for scholarship after scholarship, aceing test after test, working two jobs, barely sleeping. Exhausted, hungry, lonely (
“What’d I miss?” John asked sullenly as he slammed the shopping on the table, right where the imaginary Sherlock’s invisible microscope ought to be. The detective didn’t even flinch.
to me, listen to what I’m about to say and commit it to memory, do you understand?” Mycroft asked seriously. Sherlock analyzed his brother before nodding hesitantly.
John picked at his chips after the waitress swiftly set them down. He thought for a moment before chewing on one thoughtfully, “Did you hate it?” he finally asked. Greg cocked his head in confusion, silently asking John to expand. John took a swig of his drink and sighed. “The wedding? I mean, I guess not the day of, and not the actually getting married, being with them forever bit, but the planning? The way they get so consumed in it, all the millions of tiny choices? How big it all gets for no reason?” John asked.
“The stupid, foolish boy,” Mycroft hissed, suddenly blinking far too quickly. He leaned farther into Greg, “he went after a damned jewel thief, alone. A private case. I let him… he said he’d be
“What?! What the hell are we supposed to do with an abused child, John?” he argued, John could almost see the panic attack setting in, so he stood and rubbed a hand down his husband's back.
“So are we. Who would understand what she’s lived through better than us?” Sherlock whispered, grasping one of John’s hands between his own. “We could, if you wanted, you know. I don’t know the first thing either but if you want… we can make it work.” John just gapped.
“What's what like?” Sherlock responded, not looking up from where he was carefully cleaning his violin.
“I’m thinking,” Sherlock hissed back, “that they are mad, but also fixated on this particular stretch of the catacombs. They truly believe they can reach the devil through these halls. And if they’d like to continue their
Three days later the detective broke down and donned his coat. Mike Stamford had come by the day before, giving Sherlock a wide berth as he packed a bag of John’s things. When Sherlock asked where John was, Mike had just given him a disappointed look and shook his head.
Every scar was numbed, excised, then carefully bandaged. The last scar to go was the one Moriarty dared put on John. Johns' eyes flashed open when Sherlock got to that one. They stared at each other for a long moment. Johns' eyes flashed to the vial of anesthetic in Sherlock's hand.
I smirk as he finishes drying the glass and opens a cabinet, placing it inside. I wait for him to come out from behind the bar and grab his own coat. Then, we both stride out of the pub, and I pull out my key to lock the door as I say,"See you on that next case, Lestrade."
"What's wrong, John? Let me see it, please?" she pleads, and even though I don't want to, not even in the slightest, I stretch out my arm, allowing her the chance to roll my sleeve up.
"Because, brother dear," Mycroft cuts in,"a quarter of the time, you're sulking. Another quarter, you're complaining about boredom. The third quarter is you forgeting to eat or drink. The last quarter is your insults and experiments causing a ruckus."
Maybe he’d gone a bit overboard. He had run back to the den behind Loretta’s, desperately clawed money out of his envelope, and doled it into Klaas’s awaiting hands. After all, he had offered smack
"Oh, my mistake. I'll just have Mrs. Hudson show you the exit." I smile saccharinely, mock waving my hand at them as I gesture to the door. Mycroft remains rooted to the couch, although his face scrunches up even more, if that's even possible.
“Christ, Sherlock.” John spoke with such hefty exaggeration and incredulity, as if the very notion enclosed in Sherlock’s words was an unfounded and foolish one. Sherlock noticed things about people—things people rarely even noticed about themselves—and John’s whole countenance seemed to collectively indicate he was unhappy living in Baker Street. John constantly appeared tired and worn out, took Rosie away as often as he could justify so she was nowhere near Sherlock’s presence; he left the flat almost as quickly as he could, disappeared for hours at a time, even on his days off. John acted as if Sherlock had said something unforgivably ignorant, when really hadn’t he hit the nail on the head?
Lestrade opens the door as I just start to shoo out the other customers. He stands off to the side as I wave my hands for them to remove themselves from the premises. Their loud groans grate on my ears, and I'm becoming tired of their whinging, but they finally start to rise from their tables. Luckily, there are only seven people still in the pub, sans Lestrade.
"Hmmm...it was forest green, I believe, like the color of the needles of a spruce tree. Quite pretty," she ends offhandedly, tilting the water pitcher in her hands for the liquid to cascade over the flower's petals. I suppose looking at the things in a garden wouldn't be too bad, that is, if mother isn't exaggerating about all the variant colors of flowers.
The back of a hand was pressed to his forehead. “You’re warm,” John said, voice noticeably soft. He pulled at Sherlock’s hand again, shifting him so his legs were hooked over the front of the couch. “Here.” He gestured at the cuffs of Sherlock’s pants before tugging gently at the bottom of each leg, pulling them down until Sherlock was in nothing more than boxers and socks. The soaked pants were placed in the same pile as the shirt. “Go up and take a hot shower. I’ll clean up the mess.”
At least Lestrade has the courtesy to refrain from mentioning anything color-related around me, even when I'm probably an arse to him a fair share of the time we spend together. He only rarely slips up and points out how particulary beautiful the sky looks or accidently forgets I can't see in color.
I ponder Mrs. Hudson's assumption that it would be a he, but only for a moment as I remember she's asked me a question. Without any hesitation, I blurt it out:
Greg doesn't say anything back, and it's only when she sees where he's looking that she realizes exactly why almost every sound in the room has suddenly fizzled away.
His hand pulls away, and I'm left with a sort of satisfying feeling as Mrs. Hudson approaches me with happy chirps of congratulations. The rest of the hall rejoices in their own way, and my brother makes his way over to his assistant, the one with the ever-changing name, who is standing by the dessert table, ready to cut the cake which Mycroft has been eyeing for quite a long time.
John only made tea for himself now. He drank it at the kitchen table, head bowed against the cool granite top, as if mentally preparing himself for the moment Rosie deigned to wake up crying.
“Been on any cases lately?” said John, surprisingly settling himself across from Sherlock in his signature chair. His eyes seemed omniscient and peering, as if trying to gauge Sherlock. The question seemed genuine, as if he was actually interested in hearing an honest answer, but it also seemed to double as eavesdropping.
Next thing he knows, his good doctor, blogger, partner, friend, soldier is standing in the doorway with an expression between what Sherlock can only describe as distressed yet hopeful. He smiles, a small pull of lips that would usually elicit a smile of the detective's own, but is currently causing something like anxiety to build in his abdomen; ludicrous.
Sherlock reflects on his meeting with this peculiar John Watson. His mind short circuits. It doesn't compute, he can't comprehend why a man like John Watson would say the things he did to a person like him. He can't take it. It's too much.
"Do you make good tea?" I give him a side-long glance, but he just shrugs. "Just a general, curious question. I can't deduce everything." He turns again to the microscope.
My fists clench on their own accord, and I feel my face contort into a nasty scowl, but I know I'm not angry at either Greg or Mycroft(although both of them are sometimes dreadful). I'm just...envious, I suppose the word would be.
Fingernails scratched gently at his scalp, sending little chills down his spine. His overly sensitive skin seemed to pulse as John gently grabbed hold of his wrist and started stroking. His one hand still played with Sherlock’s hair in gentle motions.
"Oh, no," I sigh, glowering over my violin. Mycroft and Lestrade are exiting his(their?) black limousine and scampering to 221's front door with a cage in their hands. I already know what they've got, and I'm tempted to lock my door and miserably play the violin until they've gone mad and taken the goddamned dog away. I don't need a dog;
, thought Sherlock, though something like guilt seemed to sour the idea. He shifted as one would subconsciously in their slumber, letting his hand curl slightly over John’s extended arm.
Sherlock could sense the exact moment the solution entered his bloodstream. His heart beat frantically against his ribcage, caught somewhere in his throat. The rush assailed him like the harsh yet invigorating words of an ex-lover. His body sang as the familiar euphoria inundated him. Warmth flooded into his face, curling throughout his limbs. It was a bit beleaguering, but the rush felt even better than he remembered—like visiting a dear friend after not having seen him for many years. Like a soldier returning home from war; like a fire growing larger with a steady swell of oxygen.
"Gin and tonic?" I conclude as a new woman sits down, my eyes flitting over her profile. She gapes dumbly at me for a moment before she shakes her head a bit and nods in approval, ridiculously bright gray hair bouncing against her forehead.
Sherlock hummed past the lip of the mug. “Muscle aches, runny nose, stomach pain, lack of appetite—“
He opened the window, stifled momentarily by the brightness of the sun. It had no alternative but to shine, Sherlock thought. It wasn’t to blame.
"Yeah...welcome..." She breathes a little shallowly as she turns on her heel for the door. Her hand raises in a meek attempt at a wave as she hurriedly rushes a goodbye and scurries out of the room.
“Yes, whatever.” Sherlock settled into the chair cushion, propping his slipper clad feet on the coffee table.
I squint at the text from my position at the table, and I wish the phone could've just smashed and it would have been done with.
"Met any new people?" she asks, her eyes trained back on mine. I inhale sharply, glancing to the window before looking back at her.
As soon as the question leaves my mouth, Lestrade rubs the back of his neck, a flush rising on his cheeks. I gather data, recalling any information I may have retained to determine what is being left unsaid.
I start with my neck and shoulders, then my arms, hands, and chest, next my torso and back before going to my legs, feet, and, well, you know, the...others. After cleansing my whole body, I watch the foamy soap and shampoo combine with the water and slither away, pooling by the drain as I rinse myself off.
Sherlock swallowed, feeling dry mouthed suddenly. His heart settled in his throat. “Yes, I understand, take your time.”
And before the Freak can possibly try to justify their positions, or insult her, or have the last word, she slams the door shut.
As the last man files out, the D.I. comes to sit on the stool he used this morning. I nod in greeting as I start wiping down the bar, plucking the glasses off the counter and placing them in the sink.
to us! You said you weren't gay, all this time, but we knew better! We knew you were lying when you said you were straight! Well, you can't lie now with William on your wrist, can you?" Carver yells, inching closer and closer to my face.
"Although, the one thing I find odd is that he spies on me all the time, so he must've known your name a long time ago, even if you didn't know his. So; why would he avoid you for so long, if he knew you might be his soulmate?"
"Just be good at the wedding, won't you, brother dear?" I faintly register the slight smirk on his face, and I have the "sudden" urge to punch him, here and now.
Sherlock, desperate at this point, quickly growing restless, tossed a baggie at her impatiently and quickly snatched up two syringes—parting with one gram was well worth the equipment.
The sentence is so stupidly, plainly, mundanely simple, so why, then, does it shake him to his very core? Why are John's eyes making him question himself so much? He's moved past these insecurities. He shouldn't be shaking, should he?
“Christ!” yelled John, who leaped from his chair. He bounded away into the kitchen, muttering the whole way.
In actuality, soulmates were less gravity-altering. Gazing upon one’s other half was more or less like experiencing a shock of electricity. A current would surge through one’s limbs and inundate one’s core. It would fill one with warmth like only a drawn bath could. It was like the inherent attraction between two magnets. Of course, soulmates could exist without the other; they were less like two halves and more like a pair of socks, Sherlock thought. One sock could function perfectly fine when paired with any other sock, but of course one always strived for a match. It was just better that way, but not a prerequisite for success or happiness.
Mum and Dad had no idea, Sherlock thought as he twirled his spaghetti. Of course, neither did he—not gender, nor name, nor location, nor personality, nor
," I hiss, glaring directly at him. He seems to shy away from my eyes, ears flattening against his head, but he doesn't back down completely. "If you're to stay in my care, there are to be a few rules, understand?"
I remember the day like it's yesterday as I smile down at it, remembering the way Mum smiled at my father, how happy her grin was. I wish I could see the colors of the picture, know what shades I was wearing on my birthday.
—but not in the same capacity she loved him; not in the way she deserved. It was just another thing for which to hate himself, another person he had disappointed. His failures were scratched like tally marks into his soul. He remembered in his youth when he had relished in always being right, but realized now, staring into Molly’s somber, tentative eyes, that he hadn’t been right for a long time now. Perhaps he had always been wrong, always been a failure, a disappointment.
After much back and forth they eventually managed to wrangle the girls age out of her, 4, and who she lived with, Sir (John shivered in disgust at the implications). By the end of the strangely charades-like interview Sherlock had just about pieced it all together, the only thing he felt he was missing was the hideout of the operation. (“
“At… at home?” Sherlock asked hesitantly, hopefully. John seemed at war within himself for a moment. He was clearly still hurt and angry. “Please?” Sherlock pleaded quietly, holding John’s hand a little tighter. Something in the soldier softened for a moment, he seemed to deflate a little.
Suddenly, little John gasped, feeling a tightness in his chest, he watched, entranced, as a blur of red shot out of where his heart lay, then tugged, firmly. John gasped, again, not pained, but overwhelmed, and lurched forward. His feet gathered under him and he was almost pulled onto the patio, where the book Uncle Benji had bought him was laying. Hesitantly, he picked it up, then yelped in shock as he was tugged firmly in another direction. As he got back to where his little soldier men lay in a plastic heap, his feet collapsed under him.
“We didn’t do this in my family.” John murmured lowly, remembering nights of fear. Hiding his head in a pillow to stop his cries, trying desperately not to irritate his father any further. His mother drugged out on stolen painkillers, Harry sneaking out to get away from their father. And John. Ever the honorable tin soldier, left to weather his fathers’ storm alone.
for Sherlock. Only Sherlock. After an eternity Sherlock finally licked John from his opening to the tip of his prick. The action made John gasp, his eyes flying open and hips shifting. The direct contact felt like almost too much after so many long moments of teasing brushes.
Had this man any idea the power he held over Sherlock Holmes? Had this man any idea the depths of Sherlock’s loyalty and commitment, the lengths he had gone to, the places he
“You go to a rehab center, tonight, and I don’t see you again until you’re clean and sober.” Greg shrugged nonchalantly, as if he hadn’t just asked this lad to tackle a task that most men, far stronger than Greg even, would undeniably fail. The boy froze, almost snarling. Then his face smoothed out, his brown creasing in concentration.
“Oh,” the doctor said, a bit sheepishly, “I was just… sketching. I’m sorry if it bothers you, I can throw them out-“ John was blushing, embarrassed at being caught. Sherlock had tuned the man out, plucking the simple lined notebook from John’s hand with no preamble.
“What’s wrong?” he asked lowly in the dark of their room. The night wrapped around them like a cocoon. Their last case, a jealous lover who had locked his partner in a crawl space in a bid to keep her with him, was fading away for John, yet had obviously awoken something for his husband.
Sherlock carried her back to the couch and allowed her a few moments of rest as he and John cleaned the kitchen before both men dressed for the day. After all was said and done, Sherlock plopped the little girl in the client chair as he and John took up their places across from her. She kicked her feet and stared back at them quietly, brushing wayward curls out of her eyes every few seconds, the poor lamb was in desperate need of a haircut. After a moment Sherlock spoke.
Mycroft had been right; he’d been right all along. All those years and years ago, decades gone by in blurs, Mycroft had warned him. That first day of grade school when he’d rushed home, excited, ecstatic, he met Mycroft before his mother, munching on a sandwich in the kitchen…
“Sherlock,” John groaned, twisting and writhing, trying to get Sherlock's mouth on his fucking prick.
When John sat up and swung his legs over the bed, she stepped back and waited patiently as he put on his slippers and pulled on his house coat. In a fit of inspiration, he grabbed his recently washed bath robe, much shorter than his dressing gown, from the back of the closet door and wrapped it around the little girl. She lets out a barely audible giggle once John stepped away, making him grin in turn. It still swallowed her whole, despite only reaching her ankles, draping over her form like a seal’s skin. Baggy, massive. Kind of adorable. The sight and her giggle as she held up her arms, the massive sleeves slipping down past thin hands, made John’s smile widen.
It was Uni day at school, often universities would come in and set up booths, advertising their school on these days. They handed out brochures, pamphlets, stickers, pens and other little nick knacks. John Watson, who knew his path was bound to be one of blood, was always flustered on these days. They got him thinking too hard about the future.
“You got hurt, badly. Vic got hurt. I couldn’t- I can’t protect you. Just like I couldn’t protect him. Next time… next time could be
I feel the need to add that the bit about Mycroft tracing words on Sherlock’s back when he couldn’t sleep was something my sister did for me. We’re half sisters, estranged with no relationship to speak of, but I always remember her tracing words and shapes on my back when I woke up from a nightmare.
“I was thinking more along the lines of Watson-Holmes, actually?” John asked timidly. Sherlock pulled back; a bit surprised.
John drifted in and out of sleep for a few moments before he felt Sherlock prodding at him. Shoes and trousers were removed, his tie and suit jacket folded over John’s armchair, and his grandfathers’ cufflinks removed with reverence. Finally, John was left in his pants, unbuttoned white dress shirt, and vest. After a moment Sherlock carefully lifted John’s upper body and sat, lowering John’s head and torso back into his lap.
John found himself drifting along behind his school mates after lunch, head down, eyes trained on the ground and not on the two small booths on either side of the hallway leading to his class. Until suddenly, he lurched to a stop, gasping and clutching his chest. His friends stopped as well, looking at him strangely, until recognition flashed in one of their eyes.
“What’s all this, then?” Sherlock asked with a small smirk, his eyes roving across John. The doctor innocently held the tea saucer up.
“All progress is built on the backs of the dead. Paris is just a little more honest about it.” He leaned into John.
? Sherlock didn’t even have to bloody speak to the man, just looked at him through the two-way glass for a few moments.
He stood for a moment, debating fighting the pull, until there was another yank on his young heart, and he hissed in annoyance as he was almost involuntarily swung around. Steeling himself, he raised his eyes. There was a girl sat at a booth, eyeing him strangely, plastic smile still in place. With grim determination John looked over the banner proudly proclaiming the name of a university. Finally, he grudgingly stepped up.
“Ok,” the detective finally said, “ok. So… let's compromise? That, I know, is what couples do, yes?” John sat back in his chair with a smile.
John gasped as Sherlock slid over him after setting the plate aside, straddling, holding the doctor’s arms over his head gently, kindly. They hadn’t yet done this, John didn’t like the idea of being a passive partner, hated the idea of being submissive in any way. He suddenly shifted; a bit uncomfortable at how deliciously his body was responding to this.
“Don’t use it,” John ordered. Sherlock obediently sat it down. “Take them off,” John breathed, staring at his husband's hands. John was so wet he ached for it, feeling empty and needy. Sherlock instantly understood and complied, stripping off the rubber gloves. He took John’s hand gently in his own.
When he returned home, feeling much more relaxed and at ease, Mycroft was gone. Sherlock had cleared away all the swatches and everything else, he was now on Johns’ laptop (
“Even above the Work?” he joked, but Sherlock's face turned down seriously, his face was open and earnest in a way that made John wish they were alone just so he could keep this version of Sherlock to himself.
” Imaginary Sherlock looked up and gave him the look, but this time John didn’t snap about it, because technically speaking, John
With his mouth still full of the sticky sweet he grinned like a child. “Chocolate covered honeycombs!” he said in wonder.
“Well, who said anything about flatemates?” John asked, looking at the strange man, bewildered. The man just grinned a little, pleased.
“Good morning,” he said, not moving as she traced the scar with small fingers, both amused and heartened by her independent show of curiosity and unwilling to spook her. “Are you hungry?” He asked, assuming it to be the reason for her seeking them out. The little girls face brightened, just slightly, and she nodded, just once, little golden curls flopping in her eyes.
“Just try it,” John whispered, pressing the candy against Sherlock’s perfect cupid bow lips. Sherlock met his eyes, his gaze intense, overwhelming as always, before he opened his mouth, taking a bite of the large sweet. His eyes closed for a moment as he tried to make a show of enjoying the candy for John (
Once they had turned the corner Sherlock quickly replaced the pin and pocketed the grenade. “Hurry” he ordered as he turned.
“Sherlock?” he asked, looking around his chair on the ground, as though assuming he’d left the shoes there, “D’ya know where my slippers are?”
The girl seemed overjoyed by the pancakes. Obediently, she devoured the set amount of eggs and quarter apple John gave her before her wide blue eyes silently pleaded for the pancakes. She managed to eat not one, not two, but three by herself before sighing contentedly and leaning back in her chair, little legs kicking under the table. Until she began to doze against Sherlock's side. He looked at her in amazement when she boldly leaned on him, as if she’d done something remarkable. The conversation from last night ran rampant in John’s mind.
“The docks, of course, it’s always the bloody docks, idiot” Sherlock whispered, sighing with annoyance at himself and pinching the bridge of his nose, before looking down at Rose on the floor. “And… what of Rose?”
John sobbed then, truly sobbed, nodding furiously, telling himself Sherlock was right. He felt… a release of tension. No matter how many years went by, no matter how rotted Moriarity's corpse became from its place in the earth, no matter he had been witness to Sebastian Moran’s death, John could still
John tasted blood, the fire warmed him, Sherlock was liberating over him, his weight and warmth a freedom, not an imprisonment. So like that night, yet so totally
”. Did he not see what he did to Sherlock? He must not have, because he blearily made his way to the coffee pot on the counter, checking the water back and the coffee grinds before starting a morning brew. John rubbed his eyes with a yawn.
“Hey, mate, how you been?” Greg asked, wiping his hands on a napkin before offering it to John. John shook his hand, clapping him warmly on the back and smiling.
Two weeks later the lad was back, he seemed a bit better this time, his eyes a bit more alive, less grey. He helped Greg shut down a sex trafficking ring. Greg was promoted and given a raise.
The pub wasn’t too crowded, what with it being the middle of a weekday. Still, John had to look around for a moment before he saw Lestrade. He was sitting at a two top, absently watching the footie replay on the telly as he sipped at his pint and picked at his fish and chips. John smiled as he approached the table and Lestrade turned his gaze to him. The elder man’s face lit up as he smiled. It was easy to see what drew Mycroft in during these softer moments, John thought as he approached his friend.
When Sherlock Holmes returned, yet again, a week after, Greg decided the kids’ gig was up. When the older man approached the cell, Sherlock sprang up, almost vibrating with excitement.
The first day of classes at Bart’s, John entered the lecture hall hesitantly. None of his friends had chosen Bart’s, all deciding on hospitals closer to the edges of the city, slower, calmer. But nope, none of that for John. His life was, after all, one shite show after another.
Sherlock fucked him gently, agonizingly slow thrusts, swiveling his hips inside John, causing the older man to groan and grunt in pleasure, his eyes nearly crossing. The strain of obeying, of staying still and quiet was just enough to hold John on the edge. After another few moments of the gentle fucking, Sherlock whimpered and moved, holding both of Johns' wrists in one hand, with the other hand he gripped Johns’ hip in a bruising grip, finding enough traction to fuck into John faster. John groaned and whined, toes curling with the effort of not writhing.
Nothing special, that’s what John Watson was doing on this lazy Monday morning. Off work, no cases. The flat was quiet, John was up early, as always. Nothing new there.
), and, to Johns surprise, Mr. and Mrs. Trevor. In the end, they chose to marry under a tree in the park John had met Mike on that day so many years ago.
“I heard you fall. We’ve not had a case in a few weeks. Your PTSD was bound to manifest at some point.” John just looked at the man in something like fondness as he took a sip of the tea. “My Gran’s recipe.” Sherlock piped up when John looked into the cup in mild surprise. “Honey, from grandfathers hive, though not in this case I’m afraid. I’ve only a touch left from Grandfather’s final harvest; you understand. Chamomile, and a splash of milk. I know it’s a bit sweeter than you prefer but,” Sherlock shrugged, “helps me get back to sleep.”
Oh, don’t get him wrong, it’s not at all that he didn’t want to marry Sherlock, or that he didn’t care about their wedding. He did, but everything seemed so big. There where
“Want some coffee, love?” John asked. Sherlock felt his brain short circuit once more, the whole world suddenly reeling and picking up speed.
“It- it doesn’t hurt.” He hiccupped a little, both hands grasping Sherlock's hair, pulling the man in for a gentle kiss.
” her.” Sherlock couldn’t help the way he sneered at Donovan. A taken aback look came over the woman’s face, but she didn’t say anything more.
“Marry me?” Sherlock asked so quietly that John felt the rumble of his deep voice more than heard the words.
”. Because John was home for Sherlock, just as Sherlock was home for John. Johns' toes curled in delight.
“She needs help, Sherlock, and we need to shut down the trafficking ring before they leave London again. She’ll be safe with us, and it’ll buy us time. They’ll probably look for her for, what? Another day or two?”
) for John and Sherlock to finally stumble across the right stretch of endless corridors. Another two days of stalking said corridors before they finally caught the cult in the act.
“How the hell did manage to get a grenade past airport security, anyway?” Sherlock smirked at him and removed said grenade, pulling out the pin and releasing the lever. John’s breath caught…. And nothing happened. After a moment John choked on a laugh.
“Perfect.” Sherlock sighed. His sigh the same as the one he gave when he came home from a long case and fell into bed beside John. Relief, comfort, safety, a sense of rightness, a sigh that meant, “
“Father once left for six days,” Mycroft said sharply, “do you remember that? Perhaps not, you weren’t even out of diapers. He and mother got into a terrible argument, I’ve no idea about what. He came back six days later with flowers.”
“You- You utter and complete… fuck you Sherlock Holmes. Fuck you, fuck everything you do, fuck every breath you take, you utter fucking
When they got to the restaurant the middle section had been cleared off into a makeshift dancefloor. There were three young men and one young lady tuning their instruments as the small party sat. Each of the tables had a bouquet of flowers, Sherlock murmured the meanings to him as they sat. Symbols of love, devotion, forgiveness, strength, knowledge, and rebirth surrounded them in a rainbow array of colors. John wondered vaguely how Sherlock had managed to get a hold of so many out of season and exotic flowers but decided not to push the issue, it seemed insignificant in the wake of their union.
“Perhaps, but the fault lies solely with you.” Before John could lean in and steal a kiss, Mrs. Hudson knocked on their open front door with her customary
. The little girl seemed entranced, though it was hard to tell from her excellent poker face. She sat still and silent, sipping her tea at random intervals. Finally, her drink was finished, and she set it on the coffee table. John found himself rising and helping to get the girl tucked into the couch as Sherlock continued the story.
“So good for me, my John. So good.” Sherlock gasped, he sounded breathless. John gripped the sheets where his hands had been placed. A moment later he groaned as Sherlock finally, fucking
They fell asleep wrapped in each other, the lights of Paris glowing gently outside their curtains. The world temporarily held at bay, this single moment protected and honored.
John roughly pulled Sherlock on top of him, grasping his husband’s shirt. “Please?” he ground out, arching. His body burning, the past reducing to ash, if only for a moment. Sherlock clumsily stripped and situated himself between Johns' legs. When he reached a hand down to stretch John, the soldier frantically grabbed his wrist.
“What will drive you away? What will I say or do that will finally snap what we have between us? What will make you leave me?” Sherlock's voice had gone far off and melancholy, his hands no longer gripping John, just running along his skin, as if he feared the soldier would stand and leave right this moment.
“Three if she’s in demand.” Sherlock said in that blank way of his. John and Greg grimaced in disgust.
John looked beautiful as he shuffled into the room, Sherlock froze over his microscope. His mind short circuited as this mussed and sleep ruffled piece of glory greeted him with a rough “
“Is it my room?” She asked, looking around at the cream walls and white sparkly curtains with little fairy lights around the edge, the child sized desk in the corner with a stack of coloring books and art supplies, the low twin sized bed with its teal blue comforter and tall headboard with a rose carved in the center, the lamp on her nightstand along with the monitor, the large bookshelves with puzzles and games and books, the closet which she hadn’t yet checked was full of clothes. They had installed an LED light in the ceiling, when she turned the lights off it would cycle through a soft rainbow pallet and serve as a night light, John didn’t want her to ever feel trapped in the dark again.
“You did in less than three months what I’ve been trying to do with Sherlock for almost three years.” Mycroft admitted. Greg shrugged, suddenly uncomfortable with the ridiculously intense man. He kind of wanted to know what the hell was going on in this odd family, the story behind this posh man and his strung-out brother. But he had a feeling such knowledge would be life altering.
They stood until the city began to alight itself with electricity and the sun painted the sky in hues of reds and oranges.
Sherlock couldn’t sleep, and as such, John couldn’t sleep. Sherlock had wrapped himself around John and in the dim moonlight of their bedroom, he was feather-whispering his fingers along each of John's many,
“This is a bad idea.” John sighed under his breath, exhausted, anxious. He rubbed the back of his neck tiredly.
, slid home. Always so slick and warm and tight inside him. Always, because that never changed, no matter how many times they did this, Sherlock still filled John just right. As he slid in, Sherlock leaned over John, grasping his wrists once more, holding John down.
They arrived at the hotel shortly after, a large, grand structure in the heart of the city. The moment their hotel room door was closed Sherlock crowded John against the entryway wall and kissed him breathless. John gasped helplessly as he succumbed to rough hands tugging at his hair and gripping his shoulder in a bruising grip.
Sherlock was silent for a moment before his hands clutched John and pulled him close. “I always wonder… what will it be.”
“ “And then fail.”) John gave first at the look on Sherlock’s face, looking away in guilt. They couldn’t help everyone, he told himself, they couldn’t save the whole world. It just wasn’t on. John helped the girl stand and pack her meager belongings in the paper bag from last night and strapped her new little glittery sandals on her feet. She looked a bit better, John decided, a little less pale, a little less blank. Rest, food, human decency. Amazing what just a little of each can do.
How? How did this man, with so much misery in his life, have a face stamped with joy? How, though he found himself stuck with Sherlock, of all people, did John still smile so much?
Sherlock, after a moment of processing, pulled John in so tightly John felt his bones creak before laying his head on the older man’s chest. “You’re a bloody fool.” Sherlock sniffled. John smiled at the ceiling, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
John nodded thoughtfully as they continued on chatting over their lunch as he debated how to broach the topic now, four months into planning.
you’re an arse, I know how you fuck with people’s heads to get what you want, I know you keep people at arm’s length because you’re hurting. I know how bad you can be, and don’t-“ John shook his head roughly, “don’t tell yourself that I’m foolish enough to think I can ever make you some- some
?” John asked in a broken voice. One of Sherlock’s hands reached out just slightly before he willed it down.
Paris was something wonderful, a city of light and bustling people that somehow still felt slower and calmer than London. A truly glorious triumph of western society. John found himself in awe at the beauty that surrounded him. And just as awed, though far more apprehensive, at what lay below his feet. For, but a few meters of modern concrete and land filled the space between him and the resting place of millions of poor souls.
He sat and took up the cup of water, going through a few sips before noticing the two white pills, pain killers, for his headache, shoulder, or leg, John couldn’t tell. He obediently took the medicine and drained the rest of the cup. He simply stared at the flannel for a moment.
He took a pointed sip of his tea. It was bitter and leeched the saliva from his mouth. “I’m not the best at handling children.” A general falsehood diluted with a smidge of truth: it wasn’t that he couldn’t handle kids, but rather that there was always someone more competent at it.
Sherlock heaved and heaved, spittle stringing from his lips and dripping into his lap. His eyes and throat burned. He felt like scratching his skin raw, felt like flinging himself from some horrible height just to fucking end everything right now. He couldn’t even stop being a failure for a few minutes, couldn’t pull himself together to prove that he was alright—even if he wasn’t
Well, this seems to be the end! I started writing this thing years ago so I’m glad I finally posted the rest. Anyway, thank you all for reading! Hope you all enjoyed.
"I'd just like to...can I leave?" My legs are practically aching to pace, even with the burden of a cane everywhere I go. I see it leaned against the side of Ella's desk.
It was only after a moment that Sherlock realized John was watching him. There was a curiosity and a sort of intrigue to his gaze, measured and distant. It set something like anxiety aflame in Sherlock’s chest, made him fidget with the corner of the blanket and curl his arms ever tighter around his middle. John’s gaze elicited more heat in Sherlock’s face than the blanket strewn over his shoulders: he had to turn away after another moment, becoming uncomfortable under the intimate scrutiny.
“Haven’t seen you in a bit,” she said after a pause, gaze sober at the moment but never leaving Sherlock’s face. “Wondered if maybe you’d given it up.”
“John doesn’t need to know,” Mycroft reminded, squinting his eyes. They focused on Sherlock, darting about and focusing closely on certain parts before mulling over some newfound piece of information. They seemed to peer through him. The gaze felt like an invasive stab to his abdomen; like a hot knife twisting in his stomach. Mycroft hummed thoughtfully before saying, “You look dreadful.”
, blah blah blah, I know. Trust me.” John closed his eyes and smiled at the ceiling, submitting to the man at his feet.
John laid his own hands over Sherlock’s, halting his movement, forcing his husband to meet his eye. “Sherlock, she was barely of age, and absolutely terrified.” John rationalized. Sherlock scowled.
It took another week of trudging through darkened passages and whispering in the ears of the city’s homeless (
“And we can’t think about them because…?” Sherlock seemed confused at John’s reluctance while John was baffled at his husband’s willingness.
“No,” Greg said, slow, like he’s talking to an obstinate child, which isn’t that far off, “I bloody well expect two men, who I know to be trustworthy, to give a victim shelter for a night or two so we can buy more time to track down the people who have been TRYING TO BLOODY SELL HER!” Greg finally yelled. Tensions were running high; John could cut the air with a knife as the two men stared each other down.
second of it. Honestly, the first time around, ok, whatever. I had a wife, she cared about the dresses and the flowers and all that other shite. I dunno why I thought it’d be different with a bloke. Honestly, Myc is so reserved I think a part of me thought we’d just quietly do the whole civil partnership thing, you know? Just, go on down to the courthouse and have it be done, exchange the rings, run off for a week to somewhere secluded and go at it like rabbits, change our names, call it good.”
The music was something beautiful, something soulful. Halfway through, when the tune began to lift from its somber tune into something brighter but still melancholy, John tilted his head. For, while he had never heard the song, it felt oddly familiar.
John had been at work all day, full shift. Runny noses, flu, colds, all manner of not fun illnesses needed to be handled, least the London masses be infected. When Sherlock arrived home, he could hear the water running in the bathroom. Presumably, John was showering off the traces of the minor illnesses and London grime. Sherlock sighed as he made his way into the kitchen to make a pot of tea. He stopped dead in his tracks, though, when he saw a small pile of medical equipment sitting on his kitchen table. His mind froze, his body went still as his brain kicked into overdrive.
, the bloody bastard had, obviously, vanished. The real Sherlock had kissed the small scar and thanked John for waiting, then said the scar was his anyway, so he wanted it again. John laughed and agreed.
At four years old, his string appeared and tugged for the first time. This was his first concrete memory. It was a clear, cold day in early January and a tiny John was playing outside with his sister. His Aunt Janine had bought him a set of little green army men, and his Uncle Benji had gotten him a large, colorful, story book. Being only a few weeks after Christmas, little John was still smitten with his gifts.
Sherlock just watched for a moment before pulling his head back. John didn’t bother to hiss his question again. After a moment, Sherlock pulled something from his massive coat.
The case, they found once they reached Paris, had skyrocketed from a six to an eight. After two weeks of wandering Parisian back alleys and listening to Sherlock whisper in his smooth French tongue, John found himself stalking behind his husband within the catacombs. Thousands of empty-eyed skulls stared into his soul as he and Sherlock poked their heads around a corner, watching the mass of people.
. With a ridiculous flick of his wrist, Sherlock showed off the grenade in one hand and twirled the now removed pin in the other.
“Me?” John asked in confusion. Sherlock nodded his head. He had a few false starts before he could finally explain. John stayed quiet, patient with this man. Always patient with this man.
) beginning to shift, fighting Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock huffed in annoyance and sat back, still grasping John’s wrists as the soldier set his hands against Sherlock’s chest, ready to shove the man off.
Of course, Greg didn’t realize he was in love until three years later. He and his wife were over, officially, totally over. He still had partial custody though, and he supposed that was as good as he could expect now that he was a single man. Greg had just returned to his new flat that cold December night when his mobile rang.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked as he uncoiled and stood, taking one step over the coffee table and leaning over the back of John’s chair with the next.
They felt alive. They felt supernovas and suns exploding in their chest as they looked at each other, as they looked at their friends, as they looked at the rings on their fingers, now infinitely heavier for the significance they carried. Everything in the world felt right, perfect.
“Many things. Have I lost the information, or have I purposefully removed it? Is it a memory or just a fact?” Sherlock shrugged.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock said breathlessly, sounding as if they were making love rather than conversing about scaring John’s skin.
“Good, now, first things first, do you know your name?” the girl nodded, “wonderful. Do you know the alphabet?” The girl tilted her head, thinking for a moment before she shook her head no, Sherlock frowned at that. “Very well, do you see anything in this room that looks like your name? Anything that starts with the same sound or-“ he cut off as the girl hopped up immediately and made her way to the book case. She pointed intently upwards. It took a moment, but eventually Sherlock rose and picked the girl up, allowing her access to the higher shelves. She immediately pointed to a peacock green, leather-bound book. John had seen Sherlock read this book on occasion; it was some sort of antique flora guide that once belonged to Sherlock’s grandmother. The girl tapped the rose embossed on the spine with one small finger.
Suddenly he pulled back and began tugging on a great coat and blue scarf, his eyes never leaving John.
The next morning John awoke wrapped in warmth with a set of deep blue eyes staring at him curiously just over the beds edge. He yelped and flinched back on instinct. Sherlock, the complete wanker that he was, just grunted and weakly smacked John before rolling over, stealing all the covers, and burying himself in stolen warmth. John felt a minor irritation along with the morning chill that was subdued when the little girl curiously begins to poke at a wound on his bared ankle.
After a moment, or an eternity Sherlock began gasping for breath as he picked up speed, fucking into John hard and fast. John groaned in pleasure as his head thumped back against the floor.
Sherlock kissed and nipped at his thighs, a random pattern slowly making its way to Johns’ center. With one hand Sherlock finally spread John open. The action made the older man flush in pleasure, he was open, he was wet, he was
“Yea, I know. But she needs help, you want to send her home with Donovan? Woman couldn’t even keep a bloody bagel safe, you really want to trust her with a child?” John tried for lighthearted and failed by a mile, his exhaustion wearing on him. Finally, Sherlock grunted and sagged in defeat.
“You want to be a Da’.” Sherlock said. And John felt a flush on his face, a disbelieving laugh quietly escaping him.
God bless Sherlock Holmes, John thought as he rose from his seat. He always knew exactly what John needed, usually before John even knew he needed it, but then again, wasn’t he the same way with Sherlock? He knew how to make the man stay functional on a case, he knew how to keep the good days
Three hours later, after the boy had been bailed out over the phone and seen off in a dark nondescript car by Greg himself, a man in a three piece with a sharp nose and an umbrella appeared at the corner of Greg’s new desk.
” among a few others. He suddenly wished he had taken French in school as opposed to German. The phrase “
Greg realized, then, that Mycroft’s dark eyes were, in fact, blue and not brown like he’d always thought. And, suddenly, he was absolutely gone for this man.
“Sherlock Holmes, at your service.” The lad, Sherlock, tipped his head slightly. Greg analyzed him for a moment, sucking air through his teeth before an idea struck him.
“Alright then,” John gave her a smile, reaching out to tuck the errant curl behind her ear, which she allowed after a slight twitch, confused eyes following his hand until she realized what he was doing. He remembered that kind of flinching from his own childhood and tried to not let his face fall.
“Good boy.” Sherlock murmured before diving back between Johns' thighs, ravishing the older man with teeth and tongue. John cried out in shock at the jolt Sherlock’s words sent through him. Sherlock chuckled against his skin, causing John to groan.
Sherlock promised to stay, to make things work, to love and never forget that John must always come first.
“Open your eyes.” Sherlock ground out, he sounded wrecked. John blinked quickly, gasping and arching into his husband.
if I was your whole world like that. And barring all that, what I want most in the world, what I was thinking of…
may die if he doesn’t.” Mycroft sighed deeply, rubbing his temples. “Sherlock, listen to me, alright? Put aside everything and anything I have ever taught you in a misguided attempted to protect you and
“You ought to get some proper supplies. If this is what you can do with notebook paper and a regular pencil, I’d be intrigued to see what you do with the real thing.” Sherlock said, feigning nonchalance as he dropped the notebook back into John's lap.
come first for me.” Sherlock vowed; his voice so low there was no chance for any of the guests around them to hear. John pulled Sherlock in tight at the admission, a lump having formed in his throat. They swayed out of time with the music as a gentle patter of rain began to fall outside.
Sherlock would never deserve this man, no matter how much he tried, he would never be worthy of this perfect being. This life saver, this angel, if Sherlock believed in such things. Sherlock felt his heart pang in utter gratitude, all too aware of his unworthiness. John deserved perfection, perfection to compliment himself. Not Sherlock, not an ex-drug addict who was too tall, who was too thin, his nose too large, chin not defined enough.
, it was personal, it was Sherlock’s walls being stripped without his say so. This was the enclosure around his long disused heart beginning to crack and crumble around the edges.
“You wouldn’t be you without it, would you? Wouldn’t be happy or comfortable in your own skin. You’d be sad, I’d still love you, of course, but I don’t think you’d love yourself. I don’t want that. I want you to love your skin, I want you to love it as much as I love it. I want you to see what I see when you look in the mirror.” Sherlock pushed lightly on Johns' shoulder, so he was half on his back, then Sherlock laid a kiss upon the scars. John gasped, shocked, dazed, still processing. Sherlock had never paid much attention to John’s surgery scars. Occasionally he’d tug and teeth at John’s reconstructed nipples, though there wasn’t much sensation in them. But John never complained of course, as it brought Sherlock pleasure to lay love bites upon his husband.
“John,” Sherlock said, his face breaking into a large grin, tears in his eyes. His hands slipped under Johns robe, grabbing the man’s arse and kissing him breathless. John moaned in approval and slipped his fingers into Sherlock's hair, pulling him tight. After a moment, Sherlock hungrily broke away, kissing to Johns' ear and tugging on the lobe in the way that always made John go cross-eyed in pleasure.
“I did. I was just telling Mike this morning how difficult it must be to find me a flatmate, now here he is just after lunch with an old friend. Clearly just home from military service. Logical conclusion, you need a flatshare.” The man, far too pleased with himself, buttoned his suit jacket and rolled his shoulders. "Now, I've got my eye on a nice little place in central London, together we ought to be able to afford it."
The string lay dormant for more than a decade, until John was 16. On that particular day, John tried to laugh with his rugby team as he slowly ate the small, dry sandwich that served as his lunch (
“The… the wedding. I mean, no not-“ John groaned, as Sherlock's face began to go blank in the way that meant he was hurt and hiding it, “not like, the
It would seem that the younger children had been used as… unwilling models until they found the highest bidder. The pictures they found made everyone recoil and John sincerely wanted to dip himself into a beach bath. These poor children just went from one misery to another.
“I’ve… found a case in Paris. It’s only a six but,” Sherlock shrugged. “it… it sounded like a good idea? The city of love, built on catacombs full of the dead. It seemed like a fitting place for our honeymoon.” He looked down at John with fondness and John felt his heart swell with emotion. John reached up and yanked Sherlock down by his collar, kissing him speechless.
“We did good today.” John said, not sure if he was trying to convince Sherlock or himself. It was the same tone of voice he’d used with younger medics on the battlefield. Covered in blood and debris, they’d look at him in bewilderment, opening their mouths to point out the two civilian families they couldn’t reach in time and their comrade covered in third degree burns being air lifted to a hospital. He’d say it again, more firmly “
“What kind of surprise?” he asked in curiosity. Sherlock relaxed, perhaps relieved that John seemed so susceptible to the idea.
Then nothing. A few blank pages, then one aborted sketch. The lines wobbled, weak and light, barely marks upon the page. There was a mark where John had snapped a pencil against the page in frustration.
The kiss was chaste, a sweet, slow, peck. Sherlock's hand cupping John’s face, John’s hand holding tightly to Sherlock's shoulder, then the excited exclamations from their friends and a thunderous round of applause. They separated and grinned at each other, the light in their eyes was the same light they held after an exciting chase through London. It was exhilarating, exhilarating and terrifying, they had the rest of their lives looming over them, a commitment that was not easily or cleanly broken. And so, they stood, eyes gleeful and bright in the face of danger, as they always had been, for there was nothing more dangerous than love.
to them. This one…” Sherlock sighed dreamily and traced long fingers over the identical scars running under Johns pecs.
! He had what he needed, he had a new war, he had the excitement, this hadn’t fucking happened since he abandoned that little shite hole flat. So why now?!
It was with a heavy heart John watched the little girl and Sally Donovan descend the stairs of 221B Baker Street. The little girl looked back for just a moment and gave him a sad smile, raising a free hand in farewell. John had a feeling she understood exactly what was happening. He tried to smile at her as she vanished but found it impossible, the twist of his lips felt all wrong.
“Then you’re cleaning the couch if she makes a mess.” Sherlock snapped. John didn’t argue that, there’s no telling if and what type of abuse she’d suffered, bed wetting wouldn’t be out of the question.
“Sherlock?” John asked, confused, the girl tilted her head, eyeing the taller man, before nodding. “oh… kay?” John breathed out. After making up the girls’ bed on the couch, he made his way into the kitchen, laying a gentle hand on Sherlock’s back.
“Us?” Sherlock’s voice sounded small, his brow was furrowed, concentrating on everything John said with an intensity that meant he was cataloguing something new.
“We don’t know a thing about each other, I don’t know your name, I don’t even know where we’re meeting.” John huffed. The mans face lit up with joy.
“I like it,” the detective decided, “it’s fitting. For, you’ll always come first for me, you know that, right?” he suddenly seemed timid, as though his admission would be unwelcome. John felt his breath taken away and he smiled shakily.
“John,” Sherlock gasped, turning. His eyes were red, he had a tissue crumpled in one hand. He stood suddenly, the coat dropping to the ground.
“I’m not going anywhere. I’m not leaving. Not over this.” John soothed and Sherlock’s tears picked up.
Sherlock traced his fingers over a small scar on Johns' bicep, “I want to excise your scars, I want to cut them from you very skin, so that when they heal, they’ll belong to me. Every mark, every wound old and new, every blemish, every scar will be
“I’ve gone over every scar I could find, I’m sure you’ll manage to find one or two more. I counted, I think, 23? I can account for 20 of those. So, here’s the deal, if I can remember the story behind it, or where I got it, I’ll tell you. That way you’ll have that part of me. But if I can’t remember, or if we both decide it’s from a bad enough memory, then you can have the scar itself.”
ought not kid yourself. You are useful to me. An asset to the Work. Nothing more.” John was gasping as though he’d run a marathon.
“I love you,” John whispered, lifting his face to lay a gentle kiss on Sherlock's lips. When he broke away Sherlock was looking at him with fond amazement. Still baffled in the face of John’s affection and loyalty, even after all these years. Still looking at John as if he was something glorious and treasured.
“Shh,” Sherlock hushed him, his sticky sweet mouth kissing down the length of Johns' neck, “it’s ok, love. Trust me, I know what you want.”
Less than two minutes later what seemed to be the entirety of the French police force arrived. Sherlock barked at them in an annoyed tone of voice and gestured sharply to the girl who was still clinging to John, and to the alleyway they had just exited. The paramedics began trying to extract the girl from John, but she held tighter, her babbling rising in octaves. John shushed her again and began gently prying her off himself, pushing her gratefully into the arms of the paramedics. As Sherlock grabbed him by the shoulders and yanked him away, John couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief.
“Sherlock and I are very happy we got to bring you home.” He explained, Sherlock sliding over so she could see him too. She reached out and placed a palm on Sherlock’s face as well, little fingers at the corner of his eyes where the tears clung on.
” Sherlock sat up and leaned back over his husband. Sherlock prick slipped against John, causing the older man to groan low in his throat.
like that man today. Because you’d never really hurt me, you couldn’t. Not without hurting yourself. We’re too intertwined.”
“I hate when you do that.” John choked out thickly, blinking back tears. Sherlock gave him a bittersweet smile.
Every inch of John Watson was perfection, from his veined feet to the blonde hair on his calves, to his middle. Soft and firm, no longer defined but still trim. The scars dotting his chest a testament to the fact that his unique kind of amazing wasn’t just skin deep. His pecs just that side of uneven, nipples that side of too symmetrical, the starburst of a gunshot on his shoulder. His face, golden, tanned by a life spent outside, and pock marked by years of HRT induced acne. His hair. God help him, Sherlock could write sonnets to that hair. Golden, shot through with silver, proclaiming to the world what a treasure John Watson truly was. Worth far more than his weight in gold.
The thought was a good one. John rested easy, knowing his strange guardian was just down the stairs.
And that, Mycroft would say years later, was the exact moment he knew he could possibly, one day, maybe, love Greg Lestrade.
“Make it scar.” John ordered in his soldier’s voice. Sherlock blinked; his face full of devotion as tears tracked down his cheeks. He nodded and fell on John. John couldn’t help the yelp of pain as Sherlock bit past scar roughened skin, tearing into the man. When Sherlock let go, he looked down at the wound, his eyes dark, his mouth red with blood. Then he shut his eyes, almost surprised, and groaned as he came. They lay still for a moment, Johns' head tilted back, mind lost in a haze of pleasure.
“I love you too.” Sherlock murmured against his cheek, kissing him sweetly. John could almost see Sherlock thinking.
“Greg,” Sherlock conceded begrudgingly, “is on his lunch break. He’ll be at the pub on Shefford, Shefford?” he looked back to his brother for confirmation. Mycroft hummed in agreement. “Go eat with him. I’ll find a case when you get back.”
The tale continued on until the little girl, who had been staring intently into the slowly dying fire, began to drift. Her eyes going hazy and soft, her grip on the blanket that was swallowing her whole loosening. Another moment later and she was breathing deeply, her face lax, her body at ease. Sherlock paused, considered the girl, then continued the story a moment longer while John quietly took their cups into the kitchen and locked up for the night.
