Did you know that studies have shown that an omega who fights their orientation, drops harder and is more submissive once they have been broken in by an Alpha mate.  They become extremely hardwired to obey and please and cannot deal with any kind of criticism or disappointment from their Alpha.
Loki wanted to die, wanted to throw himself in to the void as he screamed and shook whilst his orgasm burned through his body, he could feel slick gushing from his asshole and his cunt spasming round Odin thick member. His nipples squirting milk as Odin bit down on them sent both a shockwave of shame and heat through his body.
Along with the DNA samples I will take samples from the amniotic sac and umbilical cords as well as blood to pass on to Dr Banner for his research.  I foresee a Nobel Prize in Dr Banner’s future if he creates the formula to ensure multiple births for omegas with all pregnancies.”
Clint was the first one to make a move, hands grabbing and twisting the small white nipples, as Thor restrained her against his broad chest, Loki’s high- pitched screams sent shivers through Tony’s body his own nipples aching in sympathy.
Pepper just stares at Bruce, there is no way that she would let herself be mated off, she was an Alpha and would choose her own omega, wouldn’t she?  She couldn’t help feeling slightly apprehensive at the thought of going against her Pack Alpha, and anyway it had to be truly consensual on the omega’s part so that they could be fully fertile and easily bred.
See Prince Thor, this is the result of your bitch having been allowed even a small amount of freedom to dominate your Pack Omega.  You need to stem any further attempts by taking away the organ of his dominance.”
“Pepper definitely has a version of extremis still active within her, she should not have been able to recover so quickly from this afternoon’s activities and she should not be able to resist your Alpha voice, did you see how she struggled to bare her neck to you.
Winter’s fingers trailed over his exposed breasts, rolling his nubs until they were hard and swollen.
Tony watched the images of the pups moving around in his belly, now fully formed he could see their facial features and tiny fingers and toes on the 3D imager.  Steve was also staring at them intently, Bucky Tony noted had briefly looked at them but seemed more interested in staring at Tony’s exposed asshole and pussy, the Doctor once again insisting in placing him in the stirrups and cranking his legs wide apart.
“You did incredibly well in there Steve, we will have the full support of the General and Rhodes presence now.  I know you don’t want to use Tony in that way, but as an omega he is of use and as long as we are very selective about who he is given to, he will speed up many negotiations and get us the outcome that we need to further the Avengers power base.”
Humming quietly Steve tidied up the nursery, placing a fresh bottle in the warmer ready for the night feed, his baby needed to be kept on a strict feeding schedule in order for him to gain some much needed weight, he was far to skinny.  He wanted to be able to cuddle his baby boy without feeling his ribs, a soft belly to tickle, love handles to squeeze and a plump little bubble butt to pinch.
Steve finished feeding Stark, the omega’s heat seemed to have settled for the moment, so he decided that he should take the time to wash down the omega as he was covered in sweat and semen. Carrying him into the bathroom he dropped him in the tub of warm water not bothering to cuff the worn-out omega.
Flipping Tony over and pushing him down on his knees he pressed his thumbs into the corners of Tony’s mouth forcing it open, he pushed his cock passed plumb lips and then forced it the rest of the way in filling Tony’s mouth and throat.  Ignoring the tear streaked face and Tony’s frantic gasps for breath he set a fast pace, his cock continuously sliding down into Tony’s throat with each thrust.
Steve had been horrified at the way omegas were paraded round, practically naked and leashed at all times.  Natasha had struggled to hold him back from intervening a number of times, when he saw an omega being punished or sexually used in public.  After the third time she had barred him from going out and advised him to use his time researching this world’s Captain America and Avengers.  She, would look into Stark Industries and see if there was any possibility of enlisting the help of Potts to find their Tony Stark, it would seem logical that Tony would seek out help from his closest friend.
Bruce took his time with the injections, the large needles slowly sinking into the meg’s breasts as she screamed in pain when the ice- cold fluid sank into the fatty tissue, then started the slow burn that gradually heated the flesh until her breasts were red and pulsing as the tissue rapidly expanded.
Morning saw him hard and irritable, his skin itching from having to slept naked on the cotton sheet, why the hell could they not have been silk, he was going to demand silk sheets if his Watcher wanted him to continue sleeping naked.
Winter hid his smile of satisfaction as he walked away, and if he exaggerated the sway of his hips to show of his tightly muscled butt he wasn’t going to tell anyone.
Steve finished off quickly in his omega’s mouth, wanting to take the edge off before he introduced Tony to his Playroom.
It tasted as bad as it looked, before he had a change to protest further another spoonful was quickly pushed in to his mouth, firm fingers pressing under his chin to keep his mouth closed.  He had no choice but to swallow if he didn’t want to choke.
Alpha Natasha, l am extremely grateful for both your kind offers and accept them, l would offer what services l can as thanks.  This omega will be fascinating to study and l am interested in the use of genetics to improve the breeding and birth of omegas. In my world we are returning to the traditional role of omegas due to the effects of the war with Thanos, l doubt that they will go as far as the extremes of this world though.
Five days later Steve finally allows his omega out of their bonding suite to join their pack for film night.  He dresses Tony in a pair of blue satin omega drawers, trimmed with white bows, the material stretching over his bubble butt, the seam open exposing his plugged hole as he walks.  The tiny pearl buttons are straining under the weight of his fuller belly, he really needs to order his omega some new drawers.
Steve on hearing this bit down hard at the juncture of Tony’s neck and shoulder, teeth breaking through skin and worrying at the flesh searching for the scent glands.  His teeth pierced the glands a musky, woody flavour flooded his mouth mingling with the blood he swallowed it down, lapping at the bite his saliva mixing with the blood and scent excretion.
I will have to decide on a secondary Alpha to look after you if I am away on solo missions. I cannot leave you unsupervised you will only fall into bad habits. No one wants an unruly mouthy omega bonded or not.”
Tony cuddled with his pups, nipples aching as they each took a turn at suckling from his hard nipples.  He much preferred these small breasts, although he could have wished his nipples weren’t so sensitive and permanently erect.  Once the boys were all asleep he spent some time playing with his girls who were crawling and exploring, bring back toys to show their mama, Maria gave her a small story book and the girls sat still and listened as he read them the tale of Peter Rabbit.
“First let me state that Tony is being well cared for and is in the recovery suite.  His right leg suffered a straightforward break which has now been set and plastered, his left shoulder was also dislocated, that to has been replaced.  Unfortunately, that means Tony will be unable to use crutches for a few weeks so will need a wheelchair and as his left hand is his dominant hand he is going to be severely limited in what he can do as his shoulder and arm have been strapped to avoid any further dislocation.
“Take off the bands Bucky, don’t want to shorten it as I have plans for a Prince Albert, just think of all the fun we can have seeing how much weight his little pecker can take.”
Getting impatient, the Judge pushed Tony off his lap, holding him in place between his knees, freeing his cock he guided it into the whimpering boy’s mouth, with his hands now holding the boy’s head still he began to thrust deep.  Tear filled eyes stared up at him as his cock stretched wide plump red lips.”
Stunned by both revelations he sat contemplating his plan of action, as Avengers they had dealt with some strange unexplainable happenings over the last year, so his mind was prepared to be more open to the reality that magic existed along with many other, as yet unexplainable things.  The proof would be in the immediate visible alteration to Tony’s genitalia.
“Don’t you look pretty as a picture, now there is just one more thing to add before we get started, be an obedient little bitch and open your mouth wide don’t want to wake the pups up with your screaming.”
It was rinse and repeat until she was completely empty and only clean water came out of her.  By which time her hole was loose and her pussy lips red and swollen from being caned.
The video of Alpha Rogers and Alpha Winter each holding a leash, leading their heavily pregnant Omega, Anthony Winter Stark Rogers along the red carpet in to the Celebration Gala broke the internet within minutes of being uploaded.
“I sorry daddy, I sorry S..Steve p..please I sorry, don’t be angry.  I be a good boy for you now, never be naughty again, please d..daddy.  Steve don’t leave me.”
“Good slut now, five on each breast and then you will spend the time until Tony wakes up on the milking machine to stimulate those tits so that my sweet boy can feast on your milk.”
“Thank you Happy, why don’t you go over the security tapes for this morning I want dossiers on all the employees that showed reluctance to watch or participate in my omega’s punishment.
Steve is speechless at the sight of his omega’s stretched holes, the red puffy muscled rim of his anus is pulled thin around the wide base of the plug, his pussy lips obscenely kissing the dildo held in place by the tightness of his cunt.  Tony’s thighs are glistening with escaping slick, the sheet already damp with slick and cunt juice.
“Look at you pathetic little omega cock just about 4 inches fully erect and those tiny little balls not even worth having, perhaps I will get rid of them make you all nice smooth down there but then again I love seeing your useless little cock and balls caged up knowing how much it torments you not being able to come!”
Steve watched as his Omega worked, blue screens flickering on and off as Tony jumped from one project to another focused completely on his work.  Each finished blue print sent to servers hidden below Avengers Tower guarded by JARVIS, fabrication units hummed in the back of the workshop creating proto-types to be sent to Stark Industries R&D department for the lab rats to wonder over and be amazed at the sheer brilliance of the creative mind of Tony Stark.
“Good boy Tony, for being honest you will get ten smacks on your bare butt, and then you will stand in the corner until the doctor calls us in.”
Tony would have to spend at least two days in the Cradle, but Dr Cho was of the opinion with the newly combined serum Tony would not be bed bound and weak for a few weeks as he would have been before Bruce had adapted the formula.  This would mean that Steve and Winter would only have to endure a few days of bond separation before they could claim their Omega once again.
Tony began to cry as his hands and knees started to throb, then to his utter horror his stomach let out a loud gurgle as his bowels emptied in to his already wet diaper. His wails became louder and louder, utterly beside himself at the loss of control, the final humiliation was the feeling of warm pee spreading yet again across the front of his diaper.
Clint let’s take Pepper back to my suite, we can have a bit of fun with her before we go meet up with Steve, He wants us in the command room for the mission briefing at 15.00.
As his secondary Alpha, you are going to be responsible for his care and discipline when I am not here, you can help with any training when needed, for now until you bond fully with him I am in control of what happens sexually with Tony, you will be able to fuck his mouth and asshole but not his pussy, you can finger and fist him under my direction.  When I am not with you both, you can order him to suck your cock and you can play with him but no fucking. I will not tolerate anything that will endanger my pups so you will need to refrain from some of the more harsher punishment that you enjoy giving and you must always be aware of the arc reactor in anything you do with Tony."
“Yes Arno, you Teddy, James and Jarvis can all come see Momma and your new baby sister. You all need to be quiet as they are both very tired, but Momma so wants to see the rest of her babies as she has missed you all so much.”
“I had to offer that option Captain, but I have to say I am in agreement with you on breeding Tony during this heat.  Pregnancy has a calming affect on some omegas and Tony seems to fall in to that category, plus it has the added effect of keeping him needy and horny.  Between servicing his Alphas and caring for the pups he is not going to have any time for creating mischief and mayhem.”
“We the Avengers are a war pack Captain, as our leader and Alpha your omega must be scented by the rest of the pack so that no other pack is in doubt of who he belongs too.
Steve massaged Pepper’s tense shoulders, his hands wondering down to undo the buttons of her silk blouse, cupping her lace covered breasts as he kisses her upturned face. His fingers push down on each nipple before, pinching and tugging them until they are hard nubs, Peppers breathy moans loud in the quiet office.
Biting hard against the bruised skin he licked up the small drops of blood as he fucked Steve’s thigh.  Reaching round he grabbed hold of the Captain’s semi hard cock jerking it in time with his own cock’s thrusts.
Perhaps Steve was softening, beginning to see him as more than just an omega to train and discipline all the time.  After all the disparity in the level of the two punishments was glaring and it would be obvious to anyone what punishment was the better option.
“Typical omega can’t even take a small bit of pain.  He is in for a shock when he goes into labour, unless you are one of those Alpha’s who give in to their omegas pathetic cries for pain medication an epidural or heaven forbid a caesarean when it is not needed!”
Tony’s nipples and cunt ached with the cold, weirdly the rest of his body felt warm. The roll of chilled metal piercings over his inner walls had his muscles contracting, clenching down on the massive cock invading his channel.
“Tony, the Court Judges have over-ruled all legal decisions made since you were de-aged.  They have declared that as an Omega you did not have the legal right to approach the Courts without Alpha and Pack representation, therefore all legal decisions regarding your person since the de-aging have been overturned.  We are fortunate that they decided that due to the extreme nature of Howard and the doctor’s abuse, and the mental and physical damage caused to you, it would not be advisable for your mental health to go back further and review all legal decisions ever made both personal and professional with regards to yourself and Stark Industries.”
He had been horrified and sickened by the contents of Bucky’s notebooks, never guessing that Bucky had descended in to such madness.  He had always been aware of the darkness that took over his best friend from time to time as they were growing up, but he had always channelled it in to fighting and rough sex, Bucky had never gone so far that he had killed.  He believed that the horrors of war and Hydras experiments had tipped Bucky over the edge and his only means of retaining any autonomy was to hold the ultimate power over someone weaker. The Winter Soldier as far as he could ascertain seemed to be a separate entity altogether, two people in one body.
I will have the documents couriered to you once I have stamped them with my official court seal of office.”
Winter will be your Alpha soon as well, so you will obey him as you would me.  Do not disappoint me omega! You will not enjoy the consequences of such behaviour.”
“Hey Stevie, want to come to fancy dress party with me at a Private Club I have been doing some bouncer work for?
Loki could barely move, Thor had insisted she be tied down incase she hit out at Tony, Sira had placed her flat on her back arms stretching over her head, her lower legs bent backwards and bound to her thighs, exposing her ringed sex for all to see.  The position had become extremely uncomfortable quickly, but Sira had slapped her exposed sex when he had told Thor that he was hurting.
Steve didn’t know what kind of relationship this Stark had with his father, but he would bet that Howard in any multi-verse would have made known his disappointment of having an omega for a son and said son would have spent his life trying to impress and gain Howard’s love and approval.
Tony did not wake as Steve carried him into the Clinic, nor as a needle pierced his exposed thigh.  Steve left him to the battery of tests needed to determine his physical and mental state.  It would be hours before the results would be available and a treatment plan decided on.
“Well since you need to feed the bitch and it needs to learn to satisfy two Alpha’s now, I want its mouth clamped open and both our dicks shoved down its throat, just think of it as practice for when we both fuck that asshole and cunt together.”
He could only watch as Steve reached out to Natasha, who raised her arms as if to hug him, but a the last minute her wrists connected with his chest, her widows bites shocking him with their full force, sending him reeling to his knees as Natasha leap and her thighs closed around his neck.
Steve knotted him twice more before he finally pulled out and laid him down on the changing unit, holding his legs up as he inserted a thick plug to keep the cum from gushing out of his aching hole. A thick padded diaper soon followed and Tony almost cried with relief when the horrible ball gag was replaced with one of his pacifiers, sucking hard he soothed himself, allowing his mind to quiet and shut out the embarrassing images of him hanging naked from his Daddy’s cock.
“The Centre for Omega Control has decided on the following punishments, Omega Stark will be permanently indentured to the Avengers as of this day, he is to be physically chastised every morning and evening, no less than ten strokes of an implement of your choosing, a punishment log must be provided weekly to the Centre.  If it is decided that he needs further chastisement he will be bought to the Centre where his punishment will be open to public viewing.
“Thank you Jarvis, l am going to shower and change, return sight and sound please over the next twenty minutes, l want him naked and empty, but on the verge of another orgasm, ensure that his bladder is full again before removing his gag.”
JARVIS disengages the lock for Tony and Steve quickly twist off the clear cover and replaces it with the vibranium one, sealing away the bright blue glow of the reactor core.
Days later when he was sobbing at his naked reflection in the mirror, Steve would remind him that this is what he had asked for, as his barbed cock and knot locked into Tony’s drenched cunt.
“Pepper! You will come back and apologize to Monsieur Andre right now, do you know how many months clients wait for his personal service?  How dare you insult him.”
Bruce smiled happily as he injected his serum into Pepper, he had doubled the amount and added a shot Misty Memory, her signature had been easy for Friday to duplicate and her fingerprints placed on the pen.  The documents had all been filed and there would be records showing that Pepper had searched for a realtor to sell her house and rent a property in Malibu. Her secret safety deposit box was now in his name.  Friday was a god send, whilst not as advanced as Jarvis in terms of emotions, she was efficient and on target with any task that he gave her, she recognised him as boss and had not been upset by the restrictions placed on Tony’s access once he had explained Tony’s new status.  Much like Rhodey she was relieved that he was now protected and under Steve care.
Picking up the omega he tossed him down on the sofa taking little notice the small mew of pain as the omega’s head bounced against the cushions limbs flopping as the omega passed out once more.  Staring down at the omega he tried to think what was wrong, sprawled on his back pregnant belly exposed he could see the pups kicking and turning under the taut skin.  Legs splayed open he took note of the small soft cock with no balls showing, asshole and cunt plugged just as they should be.  The hoodie had rucked up exposing his belly and he could just make out the curved mounds of the omega’s tits.
Pain lanced through his cheek as his face hit the glass, but it was nothing compared to the full force of Steve’s barbs as they ripped open his flesh, up until now Steve had only engaged them twice, aware that his slightly different biology meant they caused to much damage and took days to heal sufficiently for him to be able to fuck his omega again.
Captain America and the Avengers would be responsible for the safety of the world, his omega’s role as it should be for all omegas was to be bred frequently so that the low omega birth rate could be halted and put stop to feral Alphas fighting.  This generation of omegas had a responsibility to put right the problems their selfishness had caused.
Steve twisted his fingers hard up into Winter’s tight hole as he pressed his weight against his back forcing Winter to keep Tony impaled on the full length of his cock.  Winter shouted out as a bolt of pleasure shot up his spine tipping him over the edge, his orgasm rushed through him his member pulsing as the omega’s cunt massaged every last drop out of him.
Jarvis the traitor had refused to allow him to research traditional omega pregnancies stating that his Alphas wanted to teach him themselves.  When he questioned Steve why he had not done this with the first pregnancy he had stated that the traditions involved the omega belonging to at least two Alphas and being connected to a pack.
“As Tony’s power of attorney and medical proxy it normally would fall to me to make all future decisions with regards to his medical care until he was able to do so, the fact that he is an Omega alters things considerably, I notified the Judge that handled Tony’s emancipation case immediately on finding out his orientation, fortunately the Judge awarded me interim Guardianship so that I could approve his medical treatment and find him a suitable Pack and Alpha, but as he is now registered as a ‘Young Unmated Omega’ he will need to  be accepted in to a Pack within five days and bonded within three months, although the Judge has given an extension until his eighteenth birthday in six months due to his injuries and health issues.
You will all have seats on the board along with the salary and healthy benefits commensurate with your position as department heads.  Bruce, Head of Research and Development.  Hawkeye, Head of Security.  Natasha joint CEO with myself.  Rhodey will continue as Military Liaison and will pilot the new Iron Avenger Armor that Tony has nearly completed.  Rhodey will be joining us at the end of next week once the Air Force has filed his Active Reserve Paperwork.  Please don’t tell Tony, we want it to be a surprise.
Short slicked back black hair with shorn sides, perfectly applied make-up, lips ruby red lips with matching nails. Her slim boyish figure dressed in tight black pants and a form fitting silk shirt that showed her small breasts and hard nipples through the thin material, her feet were clad in the omega sandals favoured by traditionalists.
“No, no no, Steve this is all wrong, how can you do this to me I thought you loved me. Please let me speak to Pepper she would never have agreed to this, she is my best friend along with Rhodey, Rhodey is not going to let you do this to me.  I want to speak to my lawyers we can get this all sorted out, the Judge will see that it is all a stupid mistake and dissolve the Conservatorship.
“Fuck! can’t wait to fuck you when your belly is swollen with my babies, going to keep you naked and horny all the time, have you hanging off my knot from your cunt and your asshole, begging me to breed you and fill you’re greedy holes.”
Steve watches as his naked omega slowly crawls towards him, cane in his mouth, paddle resting on his back. He is a beautiful sight, his perfect little omega fully submitting to his will.  He wants to ravage him right there on the floor, but his wants must take second place to their daily discipline ritual, he takes up the paddle, stroking the red leather.
Tony cries out as both Alphas guide their cockheads into his hole, the burn of stretched flesh lasts only a few moments before the ring of muscles give with an ease that shouldn’t be possible.  Both Alphas loom over him as they slide balls deep, each keeping a hand on his bent knees, pinning him to the desk as his hands scrabble for purchase amongst the slick soaked papers.
“Bruce will he be ready for tomorrow morning?  The Inspector will be expecting at least a measure of control and knowledge from Stark about proper omega behaviour, they are working under the assumption that even if he has denied his orientation since presentation he would have been around enough omegas to be aware of what is expected of them when they appear in public situations.”
“There we go sweetie, just keep sucking hard on Pepper’s nipples and in a few minutes her milk will start to flow, and you can taste how yummy it is.
He breathed a sigh of relief when a nurse rushed, the nurse quickly injected a sedative into the cannula on the back of Tony’s hand, then checked that the dialysis needles had not been disturbed. Tony’s eye lids drooped, words slurring as he quickly succumbed to unconsciousness.
“ l would ask that everyone remain still and quiet until the Winter Wolf has reached the dais and the security walls have engaged.
“Dr Loki, why did Tony have to go through all the other treatments and pain for his height loss if you could have just done it with magic in the first place?”
“ On the bed bitch and present for your Alpha, I am not going to stop fucking your cunt until you are carrying again.”
“Forgive me Alpha please, your best girl wants nothing more than for you to fill her unworthy pussy with your huge alpha cock and then if you so will it to knot her unworthy femme omega pussy.”
By the time Steve returned to the nursery, Nurse Meyer had already bathed Tony and had just placed a him in a fresh diaper and white onesie.  He could see that his little boy was subdued and teary eyed, caught between his headspaces, he started humming the lullaby as he walked across to the changing table.
Steve smiled as he bit down on the back of Tony’s neck, amused by his bossy little omega’s demands. He would let him get away with his sass in the privacy of their bedroom, but woe betide his omega if he ever acted this way in public.
Now you also need to know that you have been successfully bred and that you need to be an exemplary omega for your pups as they are going to be at a disadvantage with you subpar omega DNA, so l want you to reflect on what l have said whilst l deliver you’re evening discipline.  Then you may speak freely for five minutes without any repercussions.”
Nimble fingers wove new threads in to Asgard’s Tapestry, three twisted black threads split, one turning golden, weaving its way into the future, leaving behind two thin and frayed black threads that were tied off with a sickly yellow thread.
Sorry it has been so long but hopefully this will make up for it.  Cannot promise when next update will be, am starting full time work in a couple of weeks so will have to see how it goes.
His gaze turned next to the small tattoo on his inner left thigh, the red white and blue image of Captain America’s shield reflected back at him.  He knew that if his wrists had not been bound in thick leather cuffs matching ones would show on each wrists pulse point.
Bucky and Steve sat with the Doctor waiting for his answer to Steve’s question about Bucky bonding with Tony now rather than waiting until after the birth. Steve also wanted to know what the obstetrician had meant about the pups stats being not quite what the obstetrician expected.
“That’s stupid, l am not some simpering, brainless, little homemaker omega.  I handled all the press conferences before and have given hundreds of interviews they are going to want answers from me.”
Banner watched as his Betty, birthed her first pup, strapped to the birthing stool that she had so dreaded a few years prior.  He had always intended to use it, Betty was stupid to think she had a choice in any thing. Pepper was in position behind her, fucking her through the contractions, just as she didn’t all the pack omegas.  Whenever Pepper gave birth Raider would fuck her throughout her labour and then allow one of the other hounds to breed her dependent on whose turn it was.
He let ought a frustrated cry as the lips and finger disappeared, he knew that he if he wanted them back, he would have to beg, so far, he had held out, until now.
Bucky could feel the precum leaking from his hard cock as he injected each breast twice, pulling on the squirming little cunt’s nipples he made no effort to be gentle when he injected the base of each nub with the last of the natural enhanced tissue growth hormones from the second needle.  He was not going to bother telling Steve that he was only supposed to have used one syringe of the substance, the second one was only to have been used if the bitch’s tits had not responded well to the first injection.
His Alpha Captain Steve Rogers, even though it was seriously taboo and looked at with disgust during the war for two Alphas to bond even if it was platonic.  The memories came flooding back, his rescue from the Hydra base, the frantic secret half bonding deep in the woods on the long trek back.  Never enough alone time to fully complete the bond with mating bites and blood ingestion.  Then he was falling and screaming unable to hold on to the out stretched hand, his last image Steve’s devastated face as he plunged down the mountainside.
“Captain Rogers, as the primary judge in this competency hearing I declare that Mr Anthony Edward Stark does not have the mental capacity or competency to make decisions in regards to his mental and physical medical needs or in the running of Stark Industries.  It is the decision of this court that he be placed under your Conservatorship with the added caveat that Ms Potts remains as CEO of Stark Industries and signs off on all major decisions you make in relation to Stark Industries.
Tony startled awake to the blare of the intruder alarm, disorientated he barely heard JARVIS’s instructions for him to put on the wrist gauntlet Dummie was holding and make his way to the panic room.
The Milking Barn was everything and more than the rumours about it. The outside may have looked like a traditional barn, but the inside was completely modern and air conditioned, everywhere was spotlessly clean and uncluttered.
“ JARVIS please put in an order for a large comfortable sofa  leather I think, it will be easier to keep clean and also some pillows and throws.  Please ensure that the kitchen be stocked with the appropriate food and drinks if Tony has to stay down here for an extended period of time.”
Punishment one, had been a horrendous two hours on the milking machine which had now been adapted to take in to account his ginormous stomach, his teats stretched and burning as the suction cups squeezed and sucked out his milk. Punishment two had been to give each Alpha of the Pack a blow job, allowing them to come all over his face and body. Punishment three had been a discipline spanking which had not stopped until he had had twenty strikes of the paddle without moving or making a sound.  His ass burned after forty-five swats, whilst he could remain silent, there was no way he could stop his body jerking whenever the pups decided to kick all at the same time.
Shortly after Bruce returned, first he rubbed his sample of cum over Tony’s breasts then he poured the Hulk’s over the omega’s stomach and thighs leaving the omega a sticky cum soaked mess.
He moved Tony onto the sofa, placing him on his hands and knees, it only took a moment to undo the onesie and the flap on the diaper.  Tony’s hole was already leaking slick, he guided the fat head of his cock into the tight hole, Tony’s little whimpers of pain making him push harder until he breached the tight ring, sinking deep into his little boy pussy.
Midnight found Peter tied to the punishment bench, a thick dildo strapped in his mouth as another fucked his ass, tears dripped down his face as he remembered Peppers disappointed face after he had scrambled off the bed once her knot had deflated.
“Strange, yes l have bonded with him, but it will need regular re enforcing, it’s a good thing he has healing extremis in his system or his omega gland and neck would be wrecked after the next bonding bite.
“Pepper before we leave for the office Dr Banner would like to do a quick physical, to check that you are healing and give you a muscle relaxant and pain meds.  We have a long day ahead of us and you need to be pain free and mentally sharp as the merger meetings have been arranged for Friday.”
Thankfully, Bucky wasn’t there, so he had staggered into the bathroom, stripping off and scrubbing himself clean of makeup and his cum.  Bucky hadn’t said anything when he returned just handed him his clothes and taken him out for breakfast.  Steve had buried the whole thing, never wanting to admit how hard he had gotten from the rub of the silk and the cheering and wolf whistles when he had won.
This will not become A/B/O, just making use of slick glands and may be Steve will get a knot so he can have some fun with his baby boy.
“Good soldier, now why don’t you return the favour, then we can collect Tony and you can fuck your bitch and show them what they are missing.”
He pushed the door open and gazed at the one room shack, there was a small wood burning stove, a rickety table and chair, in one corner a covered bucket and in the other a dusty mattress.  He put the bowl on the table, leaving the milk to soak into the oatmeal, after stripping off the layers of shredded silks he checked his body for cuts, thankfully there were none that were so deep they would require stitching or scar.
It was so cold trapped underground and l knew that l would freeze if we were not rescued within a couple of hours.  You had been hit by a falling lump of concrete, l had checked you over and couldn’t see any other signs of injury so l sat by you, then when l started shivering I lay beside you and put your arm around me, you stirred a little and your other arm pulled me onto your chest and you curled round me.  I called your name  but you did not respond, so there l lay your body heat warming me up and then my stupid omega hormones kicked in, how could l start leaking slick and feeling horny at such a time. I felt like a total sleaze laying there, as my cock got hard. I worried that we would be rescued and all that they would smell was my slick and pheromones, so l jerked myself off as quickly as l could, trying to make sure l got nothing on you.
The freezing cold jets of water continued to beat down on his body, as he struggled to stand to reach the controls. Just as he has managed to haul himself up of the shower floor, he felt a blast of cold water flood his bowels, panicked he reached behind him to feel a thick tube disappearing between his ass cheeks.  No amount of tugging shifted the hose loose, groaning he abandoned his attempts, turning again to reach the shower controls, he was going to kill Clint for this prank.
Steve and Natasha had watched on the security monitors as The Captain had reamed out Potts, then torn her out of her cloths until she was naked apart from her shoes and stockings.  Then he had bent her over the table and fucked straight into her asshole without any prep, her screams could be heard echoing down the corridors of the Compound, blood and seamen tricked out of her hole as the Captain had withdrawn, Thor, Clint and Natasha had taken their turns fucking her loose hole before finally the Captain had slammed his fist into her, making her howl and beg for him to stop, but at the same time they could both she she was pushing back into his fist her legs glistening with slick and cunt juice.
“Thank you for coming to Stark Industries to discuss this matter, I know it is not the usual way of dealing with this kind of decision making but you can understand the necessity for keeping this out of the public arena for the time being.”
Blind and deaf to what was happening, Pepper was lost in the whispering voices coming from the headphones.  She could smell and feel the dye as it was pasted to her hair, the crinkle of the foil strips and the cold tingling of the bleach against her scalp.  As a girl she had hated her ginger hair but as she grew it lightened and she had begun to prefer the uniqueness of her natural strawberry blond locks.
“Master Bjorn, I must congratulate you on turning him into a prize stud in less than a year, thirty calves born, twenty of them omegas.  I have had requests to loan him out to our other milk barns, but l do not want him out of Asgard. Some cows will have to come to us, as well as you milking his cock once between his stud duties.
Steve jolted awake, his enhanced hearing picking up Tony’s quiet whimper of pain, teary eyes stared blearily at him.
Winter sank into her fat folds, her greedy cunt swallowing him up, it took him a minute to adjust his stance and balance to consider having no use of his remaining arm.  Feet spread wide he rutted into her cunt, his balls slapping her dripping asshole, he took his pleasure, not caring she was poised on the edge of climaxing, he only cared about knotting her and getting his teeth on her teats.  He roared as his knot caught and his cum flooded her insides, he leaned down and sank his teeth into the meaty flesh of her right tit, only to pull away as his balls exploded in agony.
Steve clasped the back of Tony’s neck, fingers digging in to the tight knot of sensitive nerves to calm the still struggling omega, leading him over to the desk he positioned him forehead resting on folded arms, pert backside sticking out legs wide apart.
By the time the quin jet landed in the grounds of the White House, Tony’s stomach was full of cum, his jaw ached, and his lips were swollen.  Pepper re-applied his lip gloss as he was teetering on the brink, slick trickling down his spread thighs.
But then l met you and even though we got off to a bad start l knew within months that you were the one.  I got my head out of my ass and sought help.  I wanted to take things slow and court you but now l just want us to be together as a bonded pair.
Steve reached over and uncuffed Tony’s ankle, the movement brushed the head of his cock against Tony’s prostrate, making the omega squirm and whimper, his oversensitive insides pulsing around his knot which had begun to deflate, but now reacted to the stimulation and fully engaged once again.
Throughout the day he claimed her, covering her in his piss and cum until her own scent disappeared.  He left her only to collect some tools the box of metal rings from Tony’s workshop, happy Bruce had made the little omega make them in readiness before they left for Asgard.
Isn’t that right sweetheart, you are Tony’s Stark Rogers tonight, husband of Captain Steve Rogers, you don’t want to embarrass yourself in front of all those important people, do you baby?”
It’s as he reaches up to switch off the cold water, he sees the brand on the back of his hand, terrified he looks down a his cock, desperate to be wrong, but his cock is bound tight in a thick plastic cage, his balls hang abnormally large and purple between his thighs.  Reality crashes down on him as he slumps to the floor;
Now are there any issues you would like to raise about Tony’s treatment so far or any further treatments you would to discuss?”
“Well your little meg has drunk enough milk that she is going to be a plump little bitch, soft roles of omega fat within a day or two.  She is also going to crave Loki’s milk and will be a devious little minx in trying to feed her addiction.”
He needed to ensure that his love for Peggy had settled and that he could move on.  Tony was so much like her, full of life and energy, rushing headlong from one project to the next.  Fighting for his right to be heard as an omega, whilst Peggy had fought to be heard as a woman.
Steve looked around the stall but there were no milking pumps only a couple of small battered milk cans.  He was going to have to hand milk her, which was irritating, he would need to immobilise the cow and have her tits hanging so if they leaked they would drip into the cans.
The contents of two sheets contained within the letter would he knew cause great upset and change their preconceived perceptions of him.  The first letter the results of a lie detector test confirming that Tony Anthony Stark had not at any time in the past two years slept with anyone else apart from Steve Rogers.  The second sheet confirmed that after extensive genetic testing the two foetuses he was carrying were a genetic match to Steve Rogers and he was the biological father.
“Congratulations Steve, you must be very pleased I don’t think any of us thought he would breed true on his first heat due to his age and previous health problems, the Super Soldier Serum has proved a definite advantage, but it also means that your bond is strong and healthy and I would say this is a sign that it was meant to be.”
“Stupid fucking Captain America!  Just because he was jerk off material as a teenager does not mean anything now, he is just another freaking Alpha on a power trip!”
Pepper couldn’t help hearing every word he had spoken and could feel the shock and distress rolling of the omega.  Her knot popped, tying her to the sobbing omega, absolutely turned on by the despair and hopelessness rolling off the omega.  Really, she should have some sympathy as they were both in similar positions but at least she couldn’t be used as a breeding machine and the hounds did know how to give her a good hard fuck with their huge cocks.
Steve places Tony on his hands and knees on the tiled floor of the shower stall, lubes up the enema nozzle and pushes it into Tony’s now tightened hole.
His cock hardened as he felt the warmth of the pee filled diaper against his thigh, he was sure with the amount his baby had drunk it would start leaking out.  Sitting Tony up he laid his hand over the bulging nappy amazed he could still feel it swelling as his baby’s seemingly endless stream of pee continued.
Padding over to the sleeping area he climbed on to the bed, settling on his hands and knees he tried to keep his breathing steady as his stuffed holes were stretched wider, slick began to trickle down his thighs and mingle with the juices dripping from his glistening pussy lips.  The dildo began to pump up into his cunt growing longer and wider with each thrust, lifting a hand he started to tug on left nipple pinching the hard nub between his fingers nails digging in to the thick teat.  Soon both nipples were red and swollen as he played in turn with each until thick milk dripped from each teat.  His cock gave a half hearted twitch within the tight confines of its cage, he paid to no heed as he had stopped becoming full erect very early on in this pregnancy, Steve and Winter both insisted on him being caged and holes full when they were away on missions.
“Such a good boy for daddy, look at you hanging from my knot, just perfect.  Now daddy is going to fill you with his special cream, and you are going to stay tied to me until your belly is swollen and round with my cum.”
For the next two days he used and disciplined Stark whenever he felt the need, he grew hard just at the sight of his reddened backside. Every evening he would remove the nipple and clitoris clamps by tugging hard on the chain, watching the omega cry and shudder when they pulled free and the blood rushed back into the swollen flesh.  He so wanted to rip of the mask and fuck Stark’s mouth, but it was as Natasha said, his voice could not match the Captain’s.
Confused, glazed eyes stared at him for a minute, Steve swore he could see the moment Tony’s brain engaged, quickly picking up on the one procedure that was not in keeping with his injuries. Steve surreptitiously pressed the nurses call button, wanting to put off the lengthy explanation until Tony had been given some pain relief and a doctor was present to explain all the medical procedures that had taken place and what his ongoing treatment regime would be. After that it would be his responsibility as Pack Alpha and potential Mate to explain what being an Omega meant with regards to being part of their Pack, what set rules he would be expected to adhere to and then to negotiate and come to an agreement on some of the softer rules.
Tony sucks on his Alpha’s fingers the milk tastes bitter to him, it feels wrong to be tasting the milk that is for his pups.  He feels Steve’s knot swelling in his birthing channel, he can’t think of it as his pussy or cunt it feels to dirty to him, even though when Steve says those words it sends a trill of excitement through his body.   Fuck! fuck! fuck, he realises to late that Steve has caught that thought and is grinning down at him a wicked gleam in his eyes.
The Winter Soldier when tested was found to have the latent Wolf gene, Hydra scientists studied the Wolf  gene and purchased Wolf pets to experiment on, until they were nearly certain that they would be able to control and utilise the wolf side of the Winter Soldier.
“Now you know I cannot do that, there is no orgasm for you until your heat starts and anyway that little cock of yours will hardly produce any cum I don’t expect you will even spurt enough for me to taste it.”
Steve hides his satisfied smile behind his newspaper, Tony has yielded just as he knew he would, his little Alpha is truly his little Omega now.
Winter smirked, they had been so busy with their additional jobs that they had not had time to use there omega properly and she had gotten soft. A year ago, their omega would have been able to withstand many hours on a milking bench and still have the energy and enthusiasm to be fucked all night.  Last night the bitch had fallen asleep, and they had just smiled and tucked her into the omega crate provided.
It had been pathetically easy to convince the outwardly obnoxious and arrogant billionaire that he was interested in starting a relationship with him, the Beta had fallen for Steve’s wholesome apple pie, innocent virgin act hook, line and sinker, awed that Captain America found him worthy unlike his father Howard.  Steve smirked when he remembered the look on Stark’s face after he had fucked him through the mattress that first time, manhandling him into position with ease.  Within weeks Stark had the paperwork drawn up to make him his Medical Proxy, after Steve had pointed out that Rhodes was not always available immediately to give permission for medical treatment and that Steve as leader of the Avengers and his partner was a more practical option.
Oh, this was just too perfect an opportunity to not take advantage of, he had after all given Tony two choices to pick from, not three. He could play this out in a number of ways but hey he wanted instant gratification for himself and he wanted Tony to fully understand the consequences of not obeying his Alpha, he needed to break the omega so that he could mold him into the perfect omega, so that no one would ever suspect he was not from this universe.
Admittedly it was his private beach at his Malibu home and they were the sole occupiers of said beach.  He would love for them to have other children around to play with but the risks of taking them to a public beach were too high.  Tony still remembered with horror the frequent kidnappings inflicted on him as a child, he was determined that Grace and Hope would never have to suffer through anything like that.
Later after Banner and the Widow left, he fucked Darcy whilst he had BB slap her tits and bite her nipples, Darcy’s cunt clenched round his knot with every slap, her eyes streaming with tears as she climaxed again for the fourth time.
Omegas had few rights, harsh public chastisement and breeding whilst still legal were considered not acceptable amongst many in today’s society.  The rich and wealthy had fallen inline in public but not in the privacy of there own elite establishments, but that was all about to change. It was time for the elite and powerful Packs to once again dominate, and show the proper way for Omegas and pack rule breakers to be treated and punished.
He huddled back under his blankets turning his back on Bucky, his coughing making his chest ache and his throat burn.
Steve was beaming by the time he had finished, Natasha was incredibly happy for him and Tony, their Pack would be complete soon and hopefully Tony would fall pregnant during his heat.  It was selfish of her to want him to have pups now but her barren womb ached for a pup to hold, to pamper and spoil.
Much to her shame Helen found herself eagerly nodding her head her juices soaking her knickers at him called her omega, scared but thrilled that finally Bruce was going to claim her. The Hulk was not something she had ever considered but surely Bruce was joking, she knew he could control his transformation now after using the Infinity Stones to reverse the Snap but even so he would split her in two if he Hulked whilst they were having sex.
Steve watched Tony blush as Bruce praised him and noted how quickly his omega followed the other Alpha’s orders, without any argument.
Steve take these stupid gloves off of me right now, I will not stand for being treated like an idiot child, tell the stupid bitch to fuck off, its obvious that this place is fucking nuts. Let’s go home, we can find another therapist, preferably one who is not as fucking mental as the people they are treating.”
Darcy glared up at her Alpha, hating that her body was reacting to his constant stimulation, her unhooded clit was overly sensitive to the slightest touch and her cunt throbbed with the need to be filled, her juices dripping over the gold hoops and chains as she pushed down against his fingers.
“Just so Captain, I have been looking at the results on the way up and can confirm that the greater quantity of milk produced was from the timed milking, feeding and rest period system.  By not fully draining his milk each session, the time taken for his breasts to refill is less.  The quantity of milk produced during each 3 hour session is more than sufficient to meet the demands of several hungry pups whilst even leaving a measured amount for Alpha consumption and storage.
“Fuck, that is one scary lady whose bad side I never want to get on.  Shit! Nat she is way scarier than you!”
“Father I would be more that glad to take Sira as my Steward, it is beyond time that I set up my own household, even be it on Midgard for the time being.
You need to stand strong and exude confidence and dominance, he needs a firm and steady hand to see him through the emotional and physical hardships he has undergone. Continuity is the key, stability with no disruption.  You are the Alpha, you are the decision maker, he is the omega, he follows without dispute.”
“Good afternoon Pepper, why don’t you scoot your stool a bit closer, so you get a good view of the proceedings.  Spider here has been a very bad young lady and as such is going to be punished by being made to carry out her sentence as a pet for the rest of her life.  Natasha thought that as she is going to be her pet you need to see first hand how the modifications are done, so that you do not get any ideas above your station.
Bruised and in pain, covered in cum he crawled beside Alpha and Prof. Hulk as they headed towards the kennels.
I understand that Nurse Meyer has already discussed why diapers must be worn, daily enemas will also be needed to flush out any build up of harmful bacteria.  I recommend the introduction of a butt plug to aid in his sphincter muscles regaining their tightness, anal sex can provide a vigorous work out for these muscles as well.
The bright orange hair was startling, and he decidedly didn’t like the short cut. The too small suit and the glimpse of lace stocking top and cleavage when she sat, would be enough to distract or entice any business associates, something his Pepper would never have condoned, and judging by the pinched look on this Pepper’s face she was none to happy about her new appearance.
Frustrated beyond belief Tony watched as all the Alphas found their release.  Steve and Bucky jerked each other off, Bruce and Clint both had their fingers thrusting in to Natasha’s cunt as she worked their cocks, all had their eyes on Thor as he fucked Loki.  The smell of sex and cum filled his nostrils, his empty holes throbbed, desperate to be filled, he screamed out his frustration;
You will lose a significant amount of muscle mass within the next few weeks, due to the loss of the serum and your system being flooded with omega hormones.  You won’t ever be a full omega, no heats but you will bend over willingly to be fucked by any alpha that wants you.  You cock will be useless, you will never fuck Tony or any other omega again.
Lydia stood over the sobbing figure, so pathetic, so easy to manipulate.  It would be so easy to break him for good, but she knew that she would not survive the Captain’s wrath.
Steve handed Tony into the limo, then slipped in next to him, Happy maneuvering the limo through the swarm of reporters and photographers.
“There we go, all cleaned up, silly baby there is no need to be bashful about being naked, you haven’t got anything I have not seen before.  Now let’s get you wrapped up this big warm fluffy towel so that your daddy can diaper and dress you when he has finished speaking to your Aunty Pepper.”
Please say you will be my Omega, be my bonded and bound Omega in every sense, an unbreakable union, legally registered in the traditional way.
“Baby what’s the matter?  Come on now shhh, tell me what has got you so upset, is some thing hurting you?”
Tony shivered and clenched as hard as he could, fully aware that his Alpha had become even more strict with him about keeping his body full of cum now that he was pregnant.  He sighed in relief as he felt his butt plug pushed up and inflated sealing in Steve’s last load of cum, without him losing a drop of it.
“But that is not what I was trying to do, I merely tripped through the door.  I do not want to kneel down every time you enter a room, or I enter one with you in it.”
As he helped him walk towards the doctor’s office he noticed the change in Tony’s gait, apart from the obvious slowness instead of the usual rushed stride there was a slight bow-leggedness to his slow shuffle.  Ha! of course, the padded diaper between his thighs meant his sweet heart couldn’t close them fully making it difficult to walk straight legged.  He would need to look further into the best kind of diapers for his baby, the utilitarian hospital ones would not do at all.
Tony was about to shout out ‘No Pepper it’s a trap’ but Sir’s hand covered his mouth just as he took a breath.
Dr Strange and his partner Dr Loki will prepare the spell that is needed and cast it this evening, I would suggest that you milk his cock beforehand so that his last ejaculation of viable sperm can be frozen, such genius needs to be passed on to the next generation.  Our Centre in Texas specializes in matching highly intelligent female donor eggs with the sperm of suitable candidates.
“Brat, you don’t ever get to mouth off like that again, or I will take your tongue.  You are a milk cow now, Master Bruce has no more use for you and has given you over to the Barn, you could have been a royal household omega whore, but you ruined your chance.
He couldn’t stand her hysterical weeping so shoved his cock into her month, sighing in relief when his knot popped and all he could hear were her panicked wheezes, he shot his load when her eyes dimmed and the smell of piss reached his nose.
Tony woke slowly, shivering slightly as he felt Steve’s large hands caressing his back and naked behind, he could feel Steve’s cock sliding between his spread thighs, catching the rim of his fluttering hole, kicking back with his feet he tried to pull away.
Steve couldn’t help but bite again into the healing mark, the taste of lust and desperation pouring of his omega was too intoxicating to resist.  Tony’s broken cries making his knot thicken, locking the small omega on his knot once again.
The leaked photos of Pepper’s wedding and the first sighting of Tony Stark in weeks broke the internet and knocked all other world news off the T.V news channels Monday Morning.
His Alphas had left some time ago to find food, after fucking his face numerous times for their pleasure, filling his belly with cum to feed the pups growing inside of him.  Closing his eyes, he let himself be lulled in to a light doze but the rhythmic push and pull on his swollen nipples.
Steve held Tony’s wrist up for each of the Avengers to scent mark once they had fed him a piece of cake, smiling at Tony’s offended huff when Clint deliberately fed him a tiny crumb of cake, whilst shoving the rest of the slice into his mouth.
Steve shook his head, but Winter was curious as to the extent the regrowth of bone in their omega’s limbs.
“Now since you don’t know how to control yourself and are no longer allowed to have any orgasms we need to make sure you are plugged up and cannot touch yourself.  This dildo will ensure that both your slutty holes are kept full, once inside you the knots will inflate, and you will not be able to remove them, only myself, Winter and Jarvis, have the override codes.”
Moments later he was once again laying on the soft foam bathing mattress, keeping his eyes closed he tried to block out the press of Nurse Meyer wiping down his trembling limbs.  As soon as he felt the the rip of the diaper tab he covered his flaming face with his now free hands.
Bruce took in Steve’s heavy scent and aggressive pacing, trying not to look at the hard length of the Alpha’s cock outlined by the tight material of his uniform each time he passed his seat.
Bruce began to stir, the tranquilliser wearing off fast due to his metabolism, even the cut on his forehead was starting to close.  He could see that he was in a lab and Tony was in desperate need of medical attention.
Early in the morning he stepped quietly back into the nursery just as nurse Mayer was tightening the strap of his baby’s stomach restraint. Tony was restlessly moving his hands and feet as he whimpered quietly behind his pacifier.
Reigning himself in and sitting opposite Dr Banner, he nodded for the Doctor to get started on what he wanted to say.
Steve took a deep breath, he knew what had to happen, but he needed to release his anger and talk through his decision with Tony.
Steve ran his fingertip over the tiny thing, smiling when a few drops of clear cum landed on his finger. He sucked it clean before repeating the action, this time stroking his tiny little ball sac as well, he was rewarded by a few more drops of cum and Tony whimpering and unconsciously spreading his legs, showing off his leaking hole.
Steve looked on proudly as his omega fed and changed all three pups under the watchful eyes of the other Avengers.  Tony having placed the pups back in the nursery sleeping under Jarvis’s watchful eye, returned to kneel by his Alpha’s side.
Ms Potts has smirked at him, as he knelt before her, grabbed his hair and pushed his face firmly between her thighs and told him to prove to her that he meant it.
Hulk pushed his spent cock back in to his shorts, then picked up the now full pail, his Daisy Cow would need feeding once her Alphas had finished fucking her.  He would prepare her bottles, once she was clean it would be time to fatten her up.  Smiling with satisfaction he ambled off to the small kitchenette.
His cock reared as he took in the cunt lips locked together and the exposed ringed clit stretched to lock against the first ring. His fingers itched to pinch the swollen flesh, to yank hard on the rings and hear the exotic creature scream, he didn’t care if it was in pleasure or pain.
The breeding bench was specially designed to cater for her pregnant belly, her collar was clipped to the bench so she could only look forward, mouth held open ready to suck cock. He legs were strapped to either sided the bench so her cunt and gaping hole were on full display.
Main course eaten he motioned for Clint to leave her pussy wet and unsatisfied, as he motioned for them all to move into the lounge.  Pepper took the time to refasten the straps of her dress as she followed, hoping that Steve was finished with the macho bullshit initiation crap.
“There we go dearie, not so bad is it, just a few more spoonfuls and then you can have a nice cup of juice.  Come on open up, don’t make me have to go and get Ms Potts, she is just outside talking to Captain Rogers.”
Steve smiled in the quiet of the penthouse living room as JARVIS showed his sleeping omega on the screen of the Stark pad he was using. Tomorrow was going to be long and trying day for both Alpha and Omega.
Deaf and blind, she had been strapped to the breeding bench for 3 days, being mounted by the hounds whenever their doors into the breeding room were opened.  Jarvis for some reason had just left her and not bothered to call any of the staff to release her back to her kennel.  When they had returned, she had been severely dehydrated and hysterical.
Steve pulled a now crying Tony onto his lap, rocking him whilst rubbing soothing circles on his back.  Dr Gottlieb and he exchanged mutual looks of satisfaction, this was a pivotal moment, Tony was actually acknowledging that he had problems and asking about age regression therapy. One final push was need to get him to agree, Conditioning therapy progressed so much easier when the patient thought they had made the choice for themselves.
“See, you can obedient, now let’s see if you can suck me off within ten minutes, if not I will start on your tits.”
“Oh Pepper, that would be too easy for you. No, tonight you are going to be punished and fucked, as the whore you were always meant to be, there will be no escaping into sex doll tonight, come morning the barrier between the two will be non-existent.”
“Aww Tony, don’t you look cute, all dressed up like a big boy, Steve did you remember to bring a spare set of clothes in case of accidents?”
Happy had just shot his load down Tony’s throat when Natasha and Pepper entered the lobby, he grinned at Pepper as he wiped his cock over the meg’s cheek.
Steve couldn’t help but pick him up and cuddle him close, hand patting the wet diaper. It had been a long time since he had fucked his boy in one of these specially made diapers.
“Good boy sweet heart, all is forgiven.  Now what is the point of you wearing your diaper if you don’t use it, everyone knows little boys your age pee in their diapers.  Only big boys and grownups use the toilet.”
“ Bring him along to the meeting on Monday and l will take you up on your offer, Darcy will reciprocate, she has excellent cock sucking skills.”
As he stood, he accidentally knocked his wine glass so that the contents splashed partly on Tony and the rest on the floor, mixing with the puddle under his chair.
“Oh Tony, that’s not going to happen you are going to have to wait for my cock.  Much as I want to fuck you right now we don’t have the time.”
“Now it’s time for you to do all the work cock slut! Show Thor that his fellow Asgardian Alphas would trade their omegas in an instant for the taste of your fuck swollen lips sucking on their cocks.”
You are so strong for everyone, let me take care of you when l think you need a rest from being the leader, it is not weak to want comfort and respite with a friend and comrade.   With me in these private moments you do not have to carry the weight of this broken world on your shoulders.”
“Omega you will take the pain and embrace it, you will take the pleasure and give yourself over to it.  There is no shame in needing both to reach fulfilment, just as there is no reason not to celebrated, the true nature of being an omega.”
Omega Stark will be kept sedated for the next 24 hours whilst his body detoxifies, a feeding tube has been introduced which will provide a high calorific formula to initiate weight gain.  Once his body is clear of all toxins and traces of medication, Omega Stark should start to feel hungry and can be placed on a controlled weight gain diet.  I must stress how important it will be in the first few weeks for all of you to ensure the feeding plan is followed, you cannot allow him to skip any meals regardless of the distress it may cause, concurrently if he wants to eat more let him, as his omega biology regulates itself and his emotional state becomes more balanced this will be the case.
“Good afternoon my Betty Blue, I had an hour to spare and since Darcy is a bit tied up at the moment, I thought I would come have to collect you.
Ms Potts during office hours you are for now CEO of Stark Industries and have the authority to run the Company on my behalf but you would do well to remember that my word is law and l expect all members of my Packs to obey and show me proper respect.”
Pepper after seeing Peter decided that she would leave him with Bruce until he healed, she didn’t want Happy to be distracted with looking after the mewling bitch and this way Bruce could ensure the omega was properly monitored and medicated.  Once the babies were born she would need to decide if she wanted to keep Peter as her omega or pass him off to another Alpha.
“Magic involving the extreme body modifications that you desired is complex and exhausting not just for the spell caster but for the patient, if the modification process has already been initiated then our spells can latch on and enhance and quicken it.
Thankfully the babies had been content to suckle and she had managed to hide how much it hurt that the alpha boy never stopped suckling throughout the hour and a half long interview.  There was no doubt in her mind that this was all for publicity and to promote the fantasy of the perfect Alpha/omega marriage to further the cause of the Omega Repeal laws.
Now it seemed natural to let Steve take the lead and do what he asks, the urge to please his Alpha overriding all his previous insecurities at being perceived as less of a man for wanting to be dominated and taken by his partner.
“Alpha I disobeyed your rules and coerced others to allow me to do so.  I took advantage of Bruce’s kind nature and almost caused him to Hulk out.  I made Clint give me cream for my pancakes when I already had chocolate sauce.  I didn’t want to wear the mitts, so I caused a scene this morning when Natasha was helping me to get dressed and whilst she was not looking, I hid them.”
JARVIS whilst ultimately under the final order of Captain Rogers still had as his first directive to protect and preserve the life of his omega creator and to use any force necessary to ensure that his charge came to no harm.  Captain Rogers had explained at great length to the A.I. the dynamics of their Alpha/Omega relationship with the added BDSM element.  JARVIS had long been aware of his creator’s proclivities when it can to sexual pleasure and creating chaos and anger amongst his peers, he had long despaired of him being able to find an Alpha who would be strong enough to tame his wild omega creator before he ended up dead or under the control again of and Alpha like Stane.
The President smirked as he watched BB roughly pinch each omega’s nipples before pushing them into the milking cups, perhaps he would have a bit of fun with her later and give her a taste of the breeding bench and milking machine, after all she had wanted to be his omega whore.
“Omega this is becoming a common occurrence when you climax, you get so excited that you piss yourself , l know that it can be a thing with omegas, even though it is rare.  Now l don’t mind the occasional loss of control, but not every time as it’s messy and not going to be appropriate for certain venues and occasions.
Sliding down to his knees after the final smack, he takes out the thick long length and tries his best to swallow it all down without choking.  Steve’s hand in his hair guides him as he slurps and sucks messily, he tries not to panic when his face is held against his crotch and he can’t breathe.
“Good, now Alpha Rogers if you would place your omega on the massage bed, I want you to stimulate him to near orgasm, with your omega showing how long he can remain silent and still, with no erection.  I am not expecting miracles as this takes many months of training for newly presented omegas, but the Registry needs to have a baseline to judge further inspections by.
Tony tried not to cry as Sir slammed his hand down repeatedly on his naked backside, in front of all his business associates.  Men who previously would have been dealing with himself and Pepper.  He could feel another orgasm building when Sit’s hand began to target his his exposed hole, sending the plug deeper to hit his prostrate with each smack.
He would treat it like any one of the strategy meetings he had commanded during the War, he had always been the one to come up with the right plan of action and through sheer force of character seen it implemented.  Tony on the other hand was in for a totally different experience to any of the other board meeting he had attended and he could guarantee that his Omega was not going to like it one bit.
“On your knees bitch, show Alpha Steve your tits let him see how I have had to punish your disobedience.”
“Shhh…. Bucky, it will be alright don’t worry just you wait and see, I will not let anyone hurt you or lock you away.  Now come on we need to collect Tony and get to the obstetrician appointment, once he has answered some of the questions I have, I will come up with a plan of action.”
“Bastard, it’s his fault my skin is so sensitive now, he should be looking after me not, making me suffer more.”
Before closing the wound he ensured he flooded the gland with his own alpha hormones, Pepper would instinctively be subservient to him from now onwards.  He wasn’t going to reveal to her that the serum had also enhance the strength of his hormones, so that over time she would loose a little more of her alpha essence.
I would suggest that you get Dr Banner to run some tests before you decide anything, there has never been a Human/Jotun cross-feeding.  I can only base my analysis on other slaves/prisoners of the nine realms being force fed Jotun milk.”
May flushed in shame, it was if Bruce could see into the deepest recess of her mind, where she had locked tightly away all such thoughts. Ben had been a good man and she loved him, but after the doctors had informed them they would not be able to have pups, he had changed, become less of an Alpha, it was if he thought she was made of spun glass and would break at the slightest hint of dominant behaviour.
With that parting advice the doctor left, Stella fussed over him, wiping his tears and straightening his blankets, it didn’t register with him until she had left that he had not protested at all about her treating him like a little child.
“Ok Steve, will you be with me when I see the doctor? I’m scared, I love you and will do anything you want but please don’t leave me.”
Anyway, you seem to have all forgotten that I am not really seventeen, so none of these stupid rules and restrictions for dumb silly young omegas apply to me, already went to court when this stupid de-aging spell happened to make sure I was legally regarded in the eyes of the law as forty-two years of age.”
Rubbing his belly to sooth the kicking pups he looked down at the swollen mounds stretching the fabric of his tee shirt his nipples standing out like bullets, as he watched damp patches appeared on the fabric.  He wanted nothing more than to squeeze the milk out of his breasts to relieve the pressure but he has been forbidden by Steve to touch them unless his Alpha wanted him to prepare for his arrival.
“Darcy I am exhausted darling, must be all the emotional upheaval of this evening, I think I need to lay down and rest.  Would you help me to my bedroom and lay with me until I fall asleep, I hesitate to ask but I don’t want this evening to end just yet, perhaps we can cuddle and start discussing plans for our bonding ceremony.”
Tony tried to kick out with his legs, but the bastard just gripped his ankles and pushed his legs up until his knees were bent either side of his grossly swollen stomach, the super strength pinning him against the hard, tiled wall.
Tony was vaguely aware of his Alpha’s cock rocking in and out of his hole but was too tired to fully engage in what was going on.  Once he became aware of the fingers in his other channel he mewed in protest at the burn and zings of pain accompanying them.  Steve’s fingers stroking his mating mark had him settling down and accepting once again that it was not for him to decide what was done with his body, his Alpha had every right to fuck him whenever he wanted to.
“Ste…Alpha that’s it, the combination of both our research has allowed me to complete the formula.   It will need to be tested thoroughly after a panel of doctors has verified my research, but you will be able to eventually cure Ms Potts.”
Steve lay Tony down on his back in the crib fastening soft restraints to his wrists and ankles, he then placed a padded restraint belt firmly across his stomach.  His baby would be able to move his arms and legs a little but would not be able to role over or sit up.  His baby looked so small in the large crib unconsciously sucking on his paci as he tugged at the restraints.
Bruce had provided Steve’s Omega Crate, to the exact specifications he had requested, and being Bruce, he had added some special features that only he used at his Clinic.  The use of nano technology meant that Jarvis could control all aspects of the crate on Steve’s command, but also had free reign over it if he was on Omega sitting duties whilst Steve was on a mission or otherwise occupied.
I understand that Mr Stark has been admitted to Mountain Rise Conditioning Centre, you may now proceed with the medical treatments that have been recommended and any others that they or you may feel are required or needed.
He watched as Tony twisted his hair into a loose chignon before sitting to apply his makeup perfectly.  Steve stood behind him and fastened his Black Pearl collar tightly round his neck.
“Nnnggggggggg, mmmmmmmmmmmm ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!  Yes!  Yes, I freely give my oath to bond with you, my chosen Alpha. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, umm, sign papers, yep need to sign papers in the traditional way, where’s a pen?  Do I need a quill, is that traditional enough?”
“I want you back here sucking my cock in fifteen minutes, at no time are you to stand, you will crawl like the pathetic, dirty animal you are, until I decide otherwise.”
He still had lab time to fix the Avengers armor and weapons, but eventually he trained two apprentices Peter and Harley to take over.  He much preferred to tinker with designs for mechanical toys and helper robots, weapons made him sad and stressed, thankfully Steve understood and was happy for him to pull away.
Loki work your muscles l want you to squirt and climax, failure to do so will result in another punishment.”
“Now baby, this is the second part of your punishment, daddy told you that naughty boys get their backsides spanked.  You will receive twenty smacks and once I am finished you will say ‘thank you daddy’ then all will be forgiven.”
“Fuck me! Such a greedy cock sucker, look at him Steve he is still sucking on my cock wanting his belly filled with even more cum.”
“That’s it Stark, always knew you were a wimp, a cry baby.  Oh, does the poor little baby want his daddy?  Sick little, fucker, just wait until the press get hold of this story.  ‘Captain America fucks his baby boy Stark!’, aww don’t cry, does baby want his dummy?
“How dare you speak to Miss Potts like that, even more try to touch another alpha now you are bonded and added to that you have disobeyed my orders and moved without my permission!
With his knot firmly filling and stretching Tony’s breeding channel he watched as Tony’s already plump belly, swells even further with each load of cum.  His beautiful omega lay still and quiet beneath him as his seed caught, the subtle change in Tony’s scent had him roaring in victory, teeth sinking deep into his second bonding gland, ripping the flesh, releasing the last of his omega’s bonding pheromones, entwining Omega and Alpha together forever.
Tears pour down his cheeks as Daddy makes him lick clean the horrid ginger stem, he whines as something bigger and thicker fills his boy pussy, the stretch of Daddy’s knot causing a different burning sensation, one much more pleasurable.
His awareness of his position only coming back when his Alpha roared his completion and his knot for the first time swelled and locked into Tony’s hole.  He could feel the copious amounts of cum pumping from his Alpha’s cock head, coating his insides and filling his stomach. He could feel his stomach muscles relaxing and softening, there would be no more six pack.
Suddenly the light over one of the suit display cases switched on, there was the hiss of vacuum seals releasing and before he could even manage to rise up from the bed the suit was moving towards him, the eyes glowing eerily. Frozen in shock he could do nothing when he was lifted off the bed and carried over to the assembly platform.  Within in minutes he found himself immobilised, his ankles and hands held firmly by the claws that would have usually disassembled his suits.
Steve takes Tony back to Stark Tower, bathes and looks after Tony in his own way, sex happens again and Tony learns the proper way to ask to be fucked.
Whilst talking Bucky maneuvered them through the gallery doors, whilst holding tight to Steve.  Stripping off the rest of his clothes he then divested Steve of his uniform. When they were both naked he rutted up against Steve, running his hands lips over broad shoulders and muscled abs, kissing and worshipping the beauty of his serum enhanced body. Tugging his wrist he led him towards the bound omega.
“Pepper, l know that you are worried but l need you to keep Stark Industries running, Tony will only blame himself if the Company takes a bad hit again because of him, especially with all the recovery work needed after the Snap being reversed.
Tony smiled at the other Avengers, around another mouthful of pasta, he had woken that morning starving, whining at Steve to feed him as he was starting to fade away. Steve had laughed and smiled and told him to stop being ridiculous but had still started to feed him the array of breakfast foods already prepared for him, he couldn’t help the silly smile on his face even now at the warm looks of approval he was getting at every mouthful of food he ate.
Once the new Laws were in place Steve needed to ensure that Tony behaved and acted the part of the perfect submissive omega when in public, unbecoming behaviour could only be blamed on pregnancy hormones a finite amount of times.  As one of the Elite Alphas and a major proponent of Pack Law and Omega Registration he would be expected to attend all major Political and Society events with his omega over the next few months.
Steve stood to the side admiring the view of his omega bound and helpless, reaching down he released the straps around Tony’s head and pulled the ball gag free placing it on the bedside table still in view.
When Tony looked up and smiled, eyes sparkling with happiness, he could do nothing more the lean down to kiss those plump lips and whisper,
“Beautiful, I can see why you are coveted by many Alphas.  Now on your knees and pleasure me, give me a reason to let you and your pups stay within this haven of Asgard.”
“Steve, s ..stop I need to pee, please let me up I need to go to the bathroom before I w..wet myself.”
Steve shot his load down his omega’s throat as Bucky withdrew and made sure to splatter his cum all over crying the bitch’s face.
If he went back with Steve would he treat him as he was now, or would he change to his normal behaviour once he knew that Tony was his Tony, what would happen when he realized that his bond with unbreakable, would Steve want to stay with him and how would he and the baby be affected by being separated from their Alpha.  He desperately, needed to communicate with Steve to convince him he was Tony.
“Madam, let me assure you that Tony is not pampered and petted, he has to work hard to repay his debt and to service the Avengers.  He is fortunate that we took pity on him and requested that we become is owners.
His whole body ached with the stress of being held rigidly in one position, his whole world one of pain, pleasure and humiliation, the levels varied, and he could never predict what one should follow next.  There were periods of utter stillness and quiet, where just as he would feel sleep beckoning the dildos would jerk into action, the ribs and nubs scraping against his sensitive skin, his slick gradually easing the way.
As you saw has anus is already producing slick, I would suggest fitting a plug for the first few days whilst the newly formed slick glands mature, we have also strengthened and increased the elasticity of both anal sphincter rings and internal muscles so that he can safely take your cock, you are going to have a great deal of fun finding out just how much his little boy cunt can take.
The room was incredibly warm with the open fire, all the windows were closed, and the curtains drawn, Darcy had no choice but to sit waiting on the loveseat, the seat of the high back chair on the opposite side of the fire place had a stack of books covering it.  By the time the President entered she was hot and flushed, her thick baggy jumper uncomfortable and itchy.
“Mary, remove all her body jewellery apart from her cunt rings, clean the bitch inside and out, then escort her to my bedroom where I will mete out the rest of her punishment.”
All the while the sky above Asgard darkened, hail and rain battering the castle walls.  Odin continued with his task, the healers silently watching, occasionally holding a goblet to Odin’s lips, who drank thirstily each time.
“Jarvis milk him until his udders are empty, feed him, then monitor how long it takes for lactation to start again. Repeat the procedure twice more so that Dr Banner has a base line to work with. Once milk is flowing again after the third session start on a cycle of 30 minutes milking with 10 minutes rest and feed, increase the level of suction in steady increments along with the inflation of the nano-knots during all milking sessions.  Do this for a period of 3 hours total of milking so that Bruce can see which process produces the optimum amount of breast milk.
Tony was well aware that Steve had just assumed the pups would be boys and then in turn present as Alphas, so it caused him no end of amusement to dress the pups from head to toe in pink and frills even though he hated the colour and watch as Steve tried not to crush the delicate fabrics as he held their pups, it had been worth the spanking he had received when his Alpha had finally caught his amused thoughts through their link.
Natasha’s sneered as she watched another gush of slick leak for his ass when Steve twisted his nipples.
Natasha was truly fearful now, they were absolutely, serious, they didn’t even seem concerned that she knew where Steve and the omega were.
Satisfied that he had fully marked his omega he lined up his cock and pushed into the slick glistening hole in one swift thrust, setting a steady rhythm work the omega’s tight channel until he felt his knot begin to form, withdrawing until just the head of his cock was left inside he squeezed his inflating knot, his cum pumped deep into Tony’s passage.
It did make sense when he thought it through again, especially as Bruce was advocating for it.  He and Tony were close friends, Bruce would never want to harm the omega and as a doctor he would know medically what was best for Tony.
“Peter are you going to be my perfect omega and take my knot as many times as I give it to you tonight without making any fuss, keeping quiet and still for me? If you can do that for this first knotting it, I will allow you to come as many times as you want if you can achieve this for me.”
“Steve, your naughty little omega got fed up waiting for direction, so took matters into his own hands so to speak.   Used his sharp little teeth on the breeder’s fat clit as he finger-fucked Loki’s asshole.”
“Sarah is a smart little Alpha, we bonded straight away, you know what she said to me once l scented her and she me.
“I’m so sorry Bucky, it’s all my fault.  I should have hung on to you, saved you, not let you fall.. Please Bucky can you forgive me, what do you need? How do we get rid of the winter soldier?”
Bucky nipped and kissed his way down Steve’s body, pinching and pulling his pebbled nipples, loving the moans coming from his Alpha. Gathering the precum off his cock he circled Steve’s hole whilst sucking on the mushroomed head of Steve’s huge cock.  Hearing Steve’s hum of pleasure and taking note of his thighs relaxing he inched two fingers up in to his virgin hole, holding them still until he felt the slight movement of Steve pushing down on them.
The ball gag was soon buckled tightly around his head, his jaw started to ache within moments of it being fitted, drool trickling down his chin.
You are so new to being, an omega, and have much to learn but good manners are something everyone is taught, so you cannot hide behind your new status. I am giving you a small amount of lee way due to the treatment you received last night but I have decided since you acted like a spoilt brat you will be punished as if you were a naughty child, just like my Ma used to do to me when I was disrespectful and mouthed off at her.
“Tony, Winter is coming up to guard you and the pups, he is in charge and you will be obedient and do everything he asks.  I know it is not an ideal way for you to be introduced but I expect you to behave in a manner fitting for Captain America’s Omega.
“There we go sweet thing, can’t have you all needy and breathless, that will have to tide you over until we get home, then I can see about satisfying your horny pregnant omega pussy.”
“Now Peter I am just going to insert this dildo and then you will be all set for the night, I will start the machine off nice and slow but once you are sufficiently aroused the speed will increase.  But there will be no orgasms for you until you are healed.
Steve made short work of releasing their bound omega, repositioning him so that he was sitting upright on the milking bench, with his arms bound together in a rubber sleeve from elbow to wrist behind his back, hands still trapped within the nano-tech gloves.  The suction cups were still attached to each breast, whilst the rubber hoses had been retracted and stored within the machine.  Winter removed the ball gag leaving the O ring in place, he wanted to hear their omega’s cries as his breasts were released from the confines of the milking cups.
Steve carried his omega back to the penthouse, musing that it seemed to be a thing he was doing on a regular basis. Passed out, fucked out or stuffed full of food he liked the feel of his small pregnant omega secure in his arms.
“No..ooo stop it Steve, I’m not a baby!”   he tried to say more but found his mouth quickly filled with another pacifier a strap holding it firmly in place.
Bruce watched as the photographer set up the shots, it was telling that Natasha was always standing forward of Pepper and that the lens was always centered on her face.  He could see that Pepper was irritated and frequently opened her mouth to say some thing but a hand on her wrist or a sharp glance from Natasha usually stopped her.
Tony’s natural olive skin tone had been enhanced with a dusting of bronzing powder emphasising his cheek bones and his soft plump lips coated with shaded gloss.
“Peter get up on the bed, lay on you back, hands above your head and legs spread wide open.  So cute look at him blush Happy, don’t worry Peter I am going to take such good care of you, make you feel special, you want to be my special boy don’t you Peter? Want to be a good omega for your Alpha, yes?
Steve clicked open the box that contained the diamond nipple clamps, smiling wickedly at his omega’s hissed intake of breath.  Placing the nipple clamps in Tony’s hands he began to squeeze and massage Tony’s nipples.  Once they were standing tall he started to lick and flick the now sensitive nubs.  Nibbling gently at first, he started to increase the pressure on each abused nub.
Steve and Winter escorted their sleepy and well fucked omega back to the Tower once the meeting had ended.  After divesting him of all his jewellery apart from the nose ring, which Winter found highly arousing they had him kneel on the floor, so they could take turns in fucking his mouth, spraying cum over his face and forcing copious amounts of cum down his throat.  Tony’s needy moans vibrating against their cocks spurred them on to slide their swollen members even further down his throat.  Winter hooked a metal finger through the nose ring, dragging his omega’s head up so he could admire the blissed out look on Tony’s face, cum dripping from thick eyelashes to slide down reddened cheeks on to his bound breasts.
“Little cow, start fucking yourself now!  That’s it, you will soon settle into a rhythm, four titties is lucky she can just kneel there and take it, once the stud arrives she will have to move her fat arse, still she has big strong thigh muscles so should be able to ride him.”
Lost in thought about his long, lost friend he startled when a fist hit the reinforced glass, then proceeded to wipe cum over the glass.
Bruce smirked as Tony left, the omega hadn’t questioned his orders at all, he was still attuned to his voice from before.  It would make his plans so much easier, Steve would watch and see how Tony didn’t answer him back or baulk at doing whatever he was ordered, Steve would want that and look for guidance and he could manipulate him into following the line of behaviour that he wanted.
Now how much do you know about Tony’s childhood and relationship with his father, hmm not much I would assume.  Right this is the bare bones version, only child of alcoholic mother and distant, cold father.  Raised in his early years by his butler Jarvis and wife Anna, before being shipped off to various boarding schools until the age of 12 when he tested as base-line human and then MIT at the age of 14.
He was Captain America, a Prime Alpha, he was, he really was, yes he was, he must be, wasn’t he?  He didn’t want to be anything else, did he? He didn’t really want to be dressed in silk lingerie, have his cock bound, perform erotic poses for his Watcher, did he?
As an omega now, your body is not strong enough to cope with the strain of flying in the suit for hours at a time, especially if you are carrying babies.
Greg adjusted his cock as he watched Captain America reduce his omega to a puddle of goo in less than three minutes. He wondered if the Alpha would be open to fucking his omega on film or letting him have a few minutes with the bitch.
Firstly, I am sorry that you felt left out and that I had forgotten about you.  It was not my intention to do so, but the babies needed me to bond with them and Pepper had to learn how to breast feed and to change their diapers.  Pepper will need all her milk to feed the babies so you will have to wait a while before you can feed from her tits.  You can still have her expressed milk every day until she earns back her weekly afternoon with you.
Tony managed a soft “Yes Daddy” before he feels something small and cold being pushed into his boy pussy, he gasps as the object starts to heat, his sensitive flesh starting to burn as his hole flutters and tries to eject the foreign object that has him whining and twitching.
Pepper and Steve initiated the final step of their plan, Tony was initially admitted to Mountain Rise for detox treatment subject to further treatment depending on the outcome of their meeting with the Judge.  Pepper had been fully confidant that the Judge would act in their favour, she had left nothing to chance.  Intelligent, ruthless and ambitious nothing would get in her way, Tony’s fate was sealed the moment of Pepper and Steve’s first meeting when she had placed the brochure for Mountain Rise in his hands, not the usual Brochure containing the Standard Conditioning Therapies but the one that only available to the extremely wealthy Elite of Society.
Clint yelped as a knife land between his splayed fingers.  “Well perhaps she would come a close second, have you seen the points on those heels, I am still trying to figure out how she even walks in them.”
Hours later his excitement had turned into pure terror, he had only wanted to buy one of the soft plushie’s of the lead character in the film as a surprise for Steve so had snuck off whilst Steve was talking to Natasha about the latest merger talks, it would only take him a few minutes, then large hands had grabbed him and dragged him through a side exit and pushed him into awaiting van.  Now he was locked in a small room with nothing but a mattress and a bucket, his clothes having been stripped from him under the leering eyes of two burly men, and his ankle chained to a ring set in the concrete floor.
“I want to view the files of each potential donor, there will also be a limit to the number of children conceived.  They must not be informed of who their father is without my consent and Tony’s name is not to be on any birth certificate that can be viewed by the child until such a time as I give my permission.
He was pleased to see her lower her eyes and give out a whine of apology.  It would seem that their mate could be taught, it only remained to be seen if their bitch could be fully mounted. The Hydra breeders has been pathetic, weak pets that couldn’t even take his knot as their cunts and assholes had been to tight, and they usually ended up a torn and bleeding mess whenever their Handler had attempted to use them as studs.
Steve watched as Tony’s peachy ass cheeks wobbled slightly as he walked out the room, a shimmer of slick coating his thighs.
Steve quickly released Tony ordering JARVIS to call the armour as he ran off to change into his uniform and grab his shield.
There was pain, so much pain, he felt as though his heart was being ripped out of his chest, all his limbs were cracking and twisting, as his lungs struggled to take in air.  Darkness took him as he screamed in agony and fear, his mind fracturing as the black thread twisting down his flesh frayed then disintegrated leaving a red scar looping down his arm.
"See how pretty your little cock looks all tucked away, look at your pussy lips spread wide and sparkling just for me. Your greedy hole swallowed those large crystals with hardly any resistance, such a sloppy stretched hole perhaps next time I need to use even bigger beads.”
“Mmmm  Alpha, tastes so good just want to suck on your cock until you have no more cum in you.  So hungry all the time need you to fill me up with you cum and your big fat cock, feed me until I can’t take any more then do it all over again.”
“I guess I am just going to have to discipline you until you remember your place in this relationship.”
“That’s it, baby, such pretty sounds you are making for your Alpha.  Now I am going to remove my finger from your sweet little hole, but don’t fret, l won’t leave you empty. I am going to start stretching your channel ready to take my cock, this first small plug will get you used to being constantly filled. Once you are comfortable with it we will move on to the next size up, any questions darling?”
He had dressed Stevie in a beautiful diaphanous white negligee, with pale peach bows, silk stockings and white lace panties. On the table sat a thin black leather collar, with a small engraved dog tag hanging from the d ring at the front.
Lowering his head, he bit down on his omega’s swollen rim as he tugged on his piercing, slick squirted out coating his face as Tony pushed back on to his tongue crying out as his orgasm peaked.  Steve continued to tongue fuck him through his orgasm, nipping and sucking his abused hole all the while Tony was begging him to stop.  When his omega finally fell silent accepting that his Alpha had total control to do as he pleased he forced his cock past the tightly swollen ring of flesh until he bottomed out, then he slowly withdrew until his cock head caught on the tight rim before pushing back in. Over and over he caught his fat cock head on his omega’s swollen rim before sinking back in to grind against his prostrate before filling his omega’s channel full of thick cum.
“Winter, I have let Tony know you are coming and that he is to obey you in everything, he needs firm handling to curb any unruly behaviour.  You are going to be his Alpha so treat him as you would want your omega to behave.
I wish that I never had to make any decisions and could just be free, that this great overbearing pressure that is slowly crushing me would disappear.
Steve waits until he feels the vibrations of Tony’s panicked whimpers along the length of his cock before he shoots his load, his knot swelling slightly so that his boy has no choice but to swallow every single drop.
“Yes doctor that is fine but can you please give me a verbal report as you conduct you exam to speed things up, Tony needs to be prepared for tonight’s Gala as well as fitting in two more feedings and time to rest as it is going to be along night for him.”
Steve tugged the plug out, and slid balls deep with one single thrust, he took a moment to enjoy the distressed sounds coming from new Tony’s mouth before he withdrew until just the head of his cock was being held by the tight ring of muscles.  Grabbing hold of thin hips, he thrust deep, setting a brutal pace as he pounded the omega’s tight hole, he could feel the barbs on his cock grazing the soft slick coated flesh as they began to extend, grabbing hold of the omega’s cheeks he pulled them wide apart so he could watch his cock slide in and out, slick and tiny drops of blood coating his thick length.
Steve in fact ended up posing with Tony, dressed in a crisp white dress shirt and black trousers. Steve sat relaxed on a chaise lounge legs stretched out, ankles crossed. Tony sat on the floor beside him, head tilted up, Steve’s hand resting on his bare shoulder.  But the readers eye would automatically be drawn to the tiny mesh panel that held no bulge, but was smooth and tight against Tony’s crotch.
He will hate it, he has never wanted to be that kind of omega. I know that you both were tentatively  working towards a formal relationship but we don’t  know what he has suffered over these past months and there is the baby to consider, whose is it, has a DNA test been done?”
Steve’s large hand squeezed his omega’s tit in time with each pull of his lips on his teat. The taste of Tony’s milk was addictive and had him latching on to Tony’s other breast as soon as he had drunk the first one dry, he did not want to think about having to give this up once the pups arrived.
Five years passed before Jarvis alerted him that within 48 hours a Portal would open.  He breathed a sigh of relief, and ordered Jarvis to start making quiet plans to crate everything on his list and to ensure he downloaded himself on to the transportable hard drives, he was not going to leave this Jarvis behind, he had invested time and effort into his new coding and making him loyal to him an no one else.
“Steve, don’t let your guard down with Stark, he is a genius at has probably escaped numerous kidnapping like Tony has, keep him restrained and watch him even in the bathroom, use the rubber tubing from the camelbacks to make a feeding tube, it should be thin enough to fit the hole in the muzzle, ensure that you keep him hydrated and just thin down all the soup rations before you feed it to him.
Tony hated being on display, his naked body bound and presented for all to see as they passed through the lobby. His back and ass burned from the caning Alpha Steve had inflicted on him before he had fucked his slicked hole in front of all the senior management.  His parting words as he left for his meetings had sent a chill of fear throughout his body.
Steve and Happy said that my task for this week is to help you stay comfortable, since you are so big, what would you like me to do for you?”
Steve did not have to wait more than a few seconds for Tony to orgasm, his boy cunt clenching round his knot, milking his cum.  He knew how much Tony got off on being humiliated and degraded, perhaps this could be a way to ensure Tony’s future good behavior, the threat of being exposed as one of the participants of Pepper’s porn films.
Tony suffered through the rest of the photoshoot, eyes never looking at the crew, he could hear the whispered comments and lewd jokes, it upset him that Steve did not put a stop to it but seemed to find amusement in the cruel comments.
Tony please step over to the screens and start, you have 10 minutes to give you presentation.  I want none of your usual sarcasm and crude jokes anything that I deem inappropriate will be dealt with in a manner I can assure you that will not be pleasant for you.”
“Captain America and Alpha Steve Rogers can lead The Avengers and be Alpha to Tony stark Rogers.  They can be as dominant and authoritative as they want.
“My omega I am not finished with you yet, there is one more thing that I need to do before you can rest for a while.  Your little omega cock needs to be taught a lesson it has had far too much freedom and use these past years.  A good omega knows to keep themself pure until they meets their Alpha. But you have been such a bad omega, thinking that your fortune and position as heir to Stark Industries and as Iron Man meant the rules did not apply to you.
Tony sobs as Steve places him over his knee, hands stroking his naked cheeks before swiftly smacking each one ten times.  Tony can feel Steve’s hard cock pressing against his stomach and knows that as he supposed to be a big boy tonight, he needs to suck and swallow without being a cry baby.
Tony couldn’t stop the tears from falling as he was scooped up into Steve’s arms and carried over to the bed as though he weighed nothing, he tried wriggle free, but Steve’s arms were immoveable bands of steel around his body.
Bruce kept perusing the Journal as Steve stood stunned before him. Now that he had got over his initial rage, it was fascinating if somewhat gruesome reading.
Over the following week Tony watched as all the omega bitches were introduced to the breeding pack, he trembled with fear whenever he caught his Alpha watching him, a speculative look on his face.  He just knew that he was going to find himself bent over that breeding stand one day.
“Please Alpha I’m gonna go insane if I don’t get your cum!  Promise I will do anything you want if you let me suck your cock.”
He was completely taken with Betty Blue from the moment she was handed into the limo. Her rose and cream complexion, bright blue eyes and long, long, golden hair. She was tall and willowy unlike Darcy, practically flat chested, but he could see the shape of her nipples through the thin cotton dress she was wearing.  In another life she would have been a runway model or a film star, regardless of her orientation.
“What are we going to do about Nat, do you think she is even alive?  Are we ever going to be able to find that world again and attempt a rescue mission?  Bruce you dealt with Strange and the science of it all last time, is it possible?  I need to know l can’t just abandon her if there is a chance no matter how minuscule.”
Hulk pinched hard on the nipple held between his fingers, before releasing it to slap the swaying udder.
Bruce saw the shipping crate onto the truck, glad that it was one less problem he needed to deal with.  Now he could concentrate on Steve, he wanted him on his cock sooner rather than later.  It would make him much easier to manipulate and once the portals aligned,  which by  JARVIS 2.O calculations could be between ten to eighteen months, he wanted Steve firmly looking to him for guidance and direction.  Of course he was not going to tell anyone that he had managed to resurrected JARVIS and with his whole processing capabilities used only on the portal algorithm the results had been spectacular.
In the mornings, he fed and played with the pups, Loki wasn’t very chatty and often looked extremely tired, so he would tell Loki to nap whilst he watched the pups and latched them on to the two the milk cows who both had four tits each.
They arrived in Asgard and were escorted to Thor’s chambers; Odin would meet and greet them at the evening feast.  Bruce disappeared with May Cow and a terrified Peter.  Pepper had given him over to Bruce, she wanted the pups and for Peter to be her personal assistant but didn’t want the hassle of dealing with another omega in her personal life.
Tony lost himself in the sheer brightness of Steve’s eyes and the absolute conviction and sincerity in his voice.  Covered and filled by the alpha, he felt safe and protected.
“Judge Edwards firstly I thank you for allowing this meeting to take place here, as you know I was Mr Stark’s personal assistant for a number of year before being made CEO of Stark Industries three years ago.  During this time, I have seen the decline in Mr Stark’s health and mental stability which was greatly exacerbated by his kidnapping and torture in Afghanistan.
Tony saw a red light above Darcy’s stall begin to flash, within seconds two handlers appeared, one went into her stall, after switching off the dildos, he pushed his fingers into her pussy the other hand on her stomach.
“I needed to pee, I told the physiotherapist, but she said it wasn’t her place to help and that she would tell Stella to come after the session had ended. I waited as long as I could, I even called out, but no one came.  Steve it’s so embarrassing, please don’t be angry, I w..wwet myself!”
You will be punished when you are naughty and loved when you are good.  So really it is up to you to decide whether you would rather have a flaming red behind, or a boy pussy filled will my huge cock.   I will fuck you and knot you whenever I want, wherever I want and in front of any of the Avengers, who have all moved into the private floors of Stark Tower.
Tony gasped as Steve’s deft fingers worked his newly formed clit, juices leaking from his pussy and asshole, the pressure built as Steve relentlessly stroked and rubbed the sensitive nub.
“Sweetheart, Daddy is going to leave you with Judge Edwards for a little while, so that he can talk to you. Be a good boy and answer all his questions, he may need to examine you so don’t make a fuss and do exactly what he asks.  Daddy will be very unhappy if he finds out that you have been a naughty boy.
“Captain Rogers why don’t you let General Ross take Tony for a turn around the dance floor and then for a breath of fresh air on the balcony.  I am sure the General will be happy to discuss afterwards the need to increase the Avengers funding and getting Colonel Rhodes attached immediately to the Avengers.”
Steve then flipped the remaining straps over the omega’s shoulders criss-crossing them, bringing the looped ends to rest above each breast, with some difficulty he managed to manipulate each milk laden tit through the smaller circumference of the rubber loops, the thick rubber bands compress the skin pushing the swollen globes further forward and apart, the glow of the arc reactor reflecting off the glossy rubber straps. Steve twisted and pinched each nipple until they hardened, pointing straight out, pearly drops of milk forming on the tips.
Bucky’s dick was rock hard and straining within the confine of his trousers as he stared down at the tightly bound omega snivelling and whimpering, begging him to stop afraid for his pups.
Licking his lips as he watched the pale liquid drip from Tony’s teats, he vaguely heard what Bucky was saying but all he wanted to do now was drink some of the sweet milking coating his omega’s tits.  Empty bowl placed on the side he leaned down to lick each tit clean before mouthing one of the teats and sucking hard. He could feel Bucky’s fingers running through his hair as he held his head to Tony’s breast.
Feeling his cheeks flush with embarrassment he once again buried his face in Steve’s chest desperately trying to hide from the adoring satisfied look on his face.
“This is most satisfactory Captain Rogers, looking at our collected data your boy is most susceptible to this method of conditioning treatment.  I am going to leave him for another hour before moving him back to his room, I would suggest using the phrase ‘mio bel bambino’ as a conditioning trigger for regression, you will also need a triggering phrase or word for when you need him to be in a more adult headspace.
As you know every child is tested at 10 year of age to find out their orientation so that they receive the correct kind of health care, education and socialization.  It is especially important for Omegas that their physical health is carefully monitored especially their weight, as it has an immense impact on their mental and emotional stability.  A thin under weight Omega is a cause for great concern, the saying ‘A happy and content Omega is a cuddly, well fed Omega’ may be simplistic by is essentially true.
Pulling Tony’s ass cheeks apart confirms that his hole is still loose and open after his internal examination.  Dead to the world his omega was still becoming aroused, slick dripping out coating his thighs.
Tony could tell by the short length of clit that he had worked into Loki’s cunt that it would not reach her cunt spot, which he assumed was the equivalent to an human omega’s g spot.
Sure, there would be some dissent and outcry, but having the ear of the new President and Secretary of State, would ensure that when the Senate gathered again, the new amendments to the Omega Rights Bill would be quashed. Omegas would be firmly shown their place if they stepped outside the laws that governed them.
“Face and mouth, want her choking on my cum and want to see her lips stretched round my cock when I fuck her face.”
The Wedding and celebration lunch had been an utter nightmare for Pepper, trapped in her mind she was forced to watch as Sex Doll obediently donned the hideous outfit Happy had chosen and submissively walked by side him to stand in front of the Judge for the marriage ceremony.  The only bright spot of the day was seeing what had become of her arrogant and obnoxious former boss.
Tony wriggled and squirmed as daddy thrust his sword into his boy pussy, he didn’t like it at first as it was so big, but then it hit his happy spot and he fell began to feel all warm and tingly. He squealed when daddy reached round and twisted his nipple, the shock making his pee pee squirt.
“Natasha, l do not want to be disturbed for the next 24 hours.  I will leave it to you and Bruce to deal with everything else.  I want that bastard in the cell, don’t break him completely, l want that pleasure.”
Steve ordered Hawkeye to fly direct to the tower, informing Fury that they would hold the debrief would have to wait and mission reports would be filed at a later date. Needless to say the director was not happy and made it known with some choice language.
The Press Conference is a feeding frenzy of reporters and photographers, all wanting to get the perfect picture or answer to their questions.  Steve strides onto the stage, leash in hand with Tony keeping perfect place behind him.  His eyes are lowered, and he refuses every request that he look up, into the cameras, he feels exposed in the clothes that his Alpha has chosen for him, aware how much his body has changed in the past four days.
“Right, let’s get the new cow in its stall, opposite four titters. Good day for this one to be in the barn, it will get to see four titters being bred, might be a bit old in human terms but with a tweak here and there from our healer and we will now have another forty years of milk and calves.”
“Captain Rogers, the spell is still settling in to place and any outside interference could disrupt the flow of magic. In two hours, it will take permanent hold, with the secondary spell laying dormant until you decide to activate it.  You can do this by removing the rings, you can replace them again afterwards if you wish and they will adjust in size to fit snuggly around your baby boy’s genitalia.
The bond snaps into place as he lathes the wound, his healing saliva closing the torn And bloody flesh. Locked together he turned them onto their side. hands roaming over his omega’s warm soft flesh, nipping and pinching, stroking and kissing, leaving his mark all over the folds of flesh.  Ensuring that no one will be unaware that Tony is his.
Removing his fingers, he slammed his cock in with one hard thrust pushing Tony up against the counter toiletries spilled off onto the floor as Tony scrabbled for purchase. Hearing a gasp of pain instead of arousal he pulled his omega up against his chest realising that the marble edge of the counter was digging into his soft belly with each thrust.
Steve reached his own orgasm filling Tony’s ass full of cum so much so that he could feel the small bulge in Tony’s belly, carefully withdrawing he quickly plugged Tony’s ass with a large black butt plug not wanting any cum to escape.
“Prince Thor, this is very disturbing that your breeder can still partially channel his Jotun magic even though his magic has been bound.  It is as you say due to his duel heritage and I would suggest that we remedy this directly after the birth, and before you breed him again.
“Fucking bastard Alphas! What about me, when do I get to come? Or have you forgotten about me now you have a new omega to play with!”
His body was preparing itself to fulfil its biological imperative of procreation and of ingesting as much cum as it could to keep the omega and any baby alive if the Alpha had to leave for any amount of time.
Bruce smiled at her, pleased with such a simple fix, they would have time later to debate and create a more permanent solution.
It is going to take some time to establish a good rapport with him, but I am committed to ensuring his mental health does not suffer to the extent it has done in the past when he has been faced with such physical and emotional upheaval.
Steve wasted no time in hauling Tony up and onto his cock, watching his tiny cock bounce as he fucked him, arm round his chest to hold up.
Two omegas breeding, produce genetically weak offspring and if those  offspring grown and breed they are diluting the gene pool even further.  You are lucky that Tony is a Pure Blood Omega or you would never have been able to breed him, and even then l had to inject him with a shit ton of fertility drugs just so one of your weak swimmers would last the distance.
For a blink of an eye, he didn’t comprehend what was happening and then he felt the impact of the metal cock head on his cervix and the smack of his ass on the stool as he was impaled fully, the vibrations against his prostrate thrumming.  Then it hit, the searing pain mixed with the wild bliss of his orgasm. A scream ripped from his throat, as wave after wave hit him, he was trapped, unable to move, Steve’s hands on his shoulders held him in place as he shook and screamed.  The vibrations became stronger, there was no escaping the constant rub against his sweet spot and the thud of the cock head.
Darcy moved slowly as lifted herself off the milking machine, her breasts ached, and her pussy throbbed from the constant motion of the vibrating dildo.  Her stomach roiled with all the omega supplement forced into her.  She hated the next part of her daily routine but didn’t want any extra punishment for not following it.
“Please Alpha I will be good, so good for you, please let me come it hurts so bad, you have to take it off it’s not fair!”
Raider would knock her and Pepper to their knees every time they tried to stand and walk, she gave in as she had already been used to crawling before her belly had swollen with the pups.  Pepper of course chose to fight and ended up in full suit isolation for days until she bowed to Natasha’s orders and ceased trying to stand. Raider continuously knotted her for her disobedience until she willingly crawled to him and presented herself for him to mount.
Peter tried his best to keep up with the computerised voice, if he fell behind by more than four words the keyboard shocked his fingertips as the dildo in his pussy increased by another inch.  He wanted so badly to complete his task as Bruce had promised him a shower and a proper meal if he made less than fine mistakes.
Then all l will need to do is produce the serum at a strength to neutralise Extremis and return her to baseline so that she will accept and adapt to her new orientation.”
“Greeting All Father,  I would talk to you of a spell that I suspect has been cast over Loki to stop him conceiving, he should be heavy with child by now but whenever I address this matter with him, he just smirks and says ‘ if the gods wish for me to be with child it will happen’.
Tony muses on the change in his Alphas, spends time with his pups and gets to have alone time in his workshop.
He flushed red, his cock  throbbing in his hand, he couldn’t help but imagine feeling Bruce’s cock pressing into his asshole, the burn and stretch, the fullness way bigger than when It was just Bruce’s fingers.
Tony’s neck was on fire, there was nothing but pain as the Captain’s fangs ripped through Steve’s mark. Within minutes he felt the brush of his Alpha in his mind.
Steve watched and adjusted his cock as the designer clothes gave way to more risqué lingerie. He could spot the moment Tony became aware that the black mesh thong would reveal to the world that he did not have a cock.
Steve for once took pity on him, he could see the creeping exhaustion and hunger fighting with the heat of arousal.
Dr Gottlieb has told me that your memories, dreams and nightmares will have become twisted and jumbled due to the trauma of Ty’s attack, that having disobeyed me at the Gala and gone off on your own, you feel guilty and responsible for what happened.  That You may feel you need to be punished and that this could manifest in you denying what you obviously love and need.”
Today he was wearing just red stockings with heels, and his black collar. He did not want to think of the beating he had received for trying to cut it off, he hated the dog tag claiming  him as ‘Bucky’s Bitch Omega’.
Suddenly Steve’s thighs parted and he found himself unceremoniously dumped on the floor under the table trousers still tangled around his ankles, Steve’s large hands yanked him round so that his face was scant inches away from the bulging erection hidden behind the zipper of his trousers.  One hand moved to curl into his hair whilst he watched wide eyed as the other pulled the zip down and released his huge cock guiding it towards his lips.
Steve why don’t you put these clamps on her nips since she loves them so much, these ones have little croc teeth that will bite deeper as her nips swell.”
You will go stand in the corner for 5 minutes and think about what you need to apologies for, then you will have a bottle and go down for a nap.  You are not allowed to do anything for yourself today baby boy.
Tony was beyond caring what he said, he just wanted a break from everything a chance to regroup and absorb all the changes in his life over the past few months.  Time to get used to his ever changing body and the tiny lives within.  Time to adjust fully both physically and mentally to his bond with Steve, the neediness and submissive desire it created within in him that was at war with his need also for independence and the right to have a say in his life.
“There we go Potts, your screaming was giving me a headache, anyway no need for a slave to speak, your buyer wants a silent hole to keep his cock warm whilst he works and a toilet to pee in so he doesn’t waste time getting up to go to the bathroom.
I need to go down to the gym and let off some steam before l go get Tony, he is working in his lab on projects for Stark Industries, we have another fucking, fund raising Gala tonight.”
Steve could feel the challenge behind Thor’s words. Thor had acknowledged that Steve was a worthy Alpha to follow into battle but he wanted to see if he had the strength to bring such a wayward omega to heel and keep him there.
His eyes closed his body heavy and lethargic, lost in a haze of omega pheromones physically and mentally tired he cuddled into the warmth of the other omegas drifting away into a deep sleep.
Pepper wept tears as she tried to force herself down on to the beer bottles, she could feel them nudging at her cervix sending sharp shooting pains up into her womb, it was an impossible task, her pussy loosened unnaturally, to stretch and take the girth of both bottles but the long neck bottles were too tall.
