No, he cannot see what Mycroft could not see past. Thisby is beautiful. The fish stink, but they shimmer with a ripeness that cannot come from mainland fish. Even the horses are beautiful, their iridescence, their songs, meant to be listened to from under the water, their forward-facing fish eyes. Even the murderous ones, the dark ones, the man-killers. It’s possible Sherlock’s biggest enemy will not be a horse that he does not know. It could be Lestrade's horse, or Mary.
“What?” Donovan says, “Yes, she did, look at all the blood. It’s everywhere.”
Sherlock startles.
Clucking, and then Redbeard is moving. Sherlock holds on.
And the Thisby men are beginning to spend their days by the shore, watching the waves for the crests that appear before a
Sherlock's never been teased from the back of a giant
He tries hard not to picture John outside of the door. It gives him a last, feeble source of strength.
John caresses the column of Sherlock’s throat and slides away from the heated skin, and Sherlock is left to picture how much attention John could lavish on it with his mouth.
But Moriarty’s done more to John in the process of looking for Sherlock’s attention than he’s ever done to Sherlock.
“Watson,” says Lestrade.
It's in human nature to be curious. Many scholars have commented on it, studied, hypothesized, theorized. Why is so much time devoted, by humans, for the acquisition of knowledge? Especially when the people of the island and tourists already know exactly what these beasts are capable of?
Again follows that immeasurable silence, and Watson is again that point of frightening stillness. Then, “Holmes, when the Races are about proving something about yourself to others, the people you beat are as important as the horse you ride.”
On the paper, written backwards in charcoal, is
But the soles of his shoes had been tacked to the flooring, and behind his sealed lips he had been begging. And the paint had been fresh in the room, new, to disguise another smell. Walls don't contract after you've painted them. Not real ones.
Mrs Hudson looks at him. She looks upset. Sherlock wonders if she’d found out about the baker from Tholla’s two wives on the mainland. Mm. She’d be more upset at that, wouldn’t she? Of course she would. Sherlock’s eyes dart around the room - paper on the table. Training reports, they’re like the newspapers here. Someone’s died. She couldn’t be troubled over just that, could she? Someone she knew had to die.
“He's seventeen hands.”
“Then it was a good day? It was so windy - the side door screen blew in.”
. His head’s half-full of saltwater. But he admitted she was fast - faster than that black stallion of his…”
Sherlock gives her a tight smile, pushing his glass up to his lips and taking a small sip. “Absolutely.” Very aware one is not meant to sip beer.
The wooden floorboards groan under Sherlock’s weight.
Then, Lestrade clears his throat, “Look, I--”
to ask you to come back there, anyways. Now it just seems like you have an excuse to come up.”
Sherlock's voice is soft but intense. “I dreamt of you, on the plane.”
Sherlock draws in a deep, shuddering breath through his nose. He doesn’t like the way everyone is looking at him, looking at Hope, or the way some people are nodding their heads, like they understand what Hope’s saying. It’s uncannily like the attention of the
John's thumb sweeps Sherlock’s cheekbone, swiping over cold skin and salt. John leans away to see better. The knee-jerk urge to turn away rises in Sherlock's chest. There’s nowhere to hide from John now, not even in the shadows of the Skarmouth buildings surrounding them. Has there ever been a place to hide from John? Not even lies could keep John from him. “It was that or that Yard, and I’d come from there. Moriarty was gone as well. I know you. And him. You’re dramatic.”
“It’s hardly my fault.”
The scent of honey and sugar and flour and baking powder is so dense in this room, Sherlock wants to gag. Yeast is scattered over the floorboards, and the flowing conversations drift in from the front, like the lull of the ocean on a warm night. The drums are quieter here, though Sherlock can still hear the distinctive rhythms that the men pound out of goatskin basins as wide as Redbeard's chest. The bakery smells heavenly, and not at all like the sea.
“Were you smoking in--?”
The sound of quick footsteps makes Sherlock snap his head towards the swinging door that barrs him from seeing the business going on at the counter. Archie bursts in, a grin lighting up his young round face.
“My Redbeard’s a meal to your Gladstone.”
Lestrade shoots a look to Donovan. He does something complex with his face and Donovan returns it with a jerk of her head towards Sherlock. Sherlock frowns. What are they saying? It’s difficult to tell when these officers all know each other better than any of them know Sherlock. It’s like a language Sherlock cannot figure out how to interpret, and that makes it infuriating.
“They’re children.” Of course. Grown men don’t often play with figurines in fake castles, even if there are rampant collectors of antiques in London. Sherlock almost can’t believe that he had considered tossing the castle. Maybe Sherlock will call someone about the floor scratches. The
“Stop!” Sherlock shouts, “You have the file on the poisoned tourist!”
and its champion rider.
im sorry this is so late and it was going to be much much longer but I split it into more chapters because it was getting excessive. thoughts???
John’s body tenses again, his hand on Sherlock’s arm flexes. “What?”
The horses all throwing themselves against the door of their stalls, or actively attempting to kick out their legs. There are panicked grunts and panting breaths - the stall that Sherlock knows belong to Beryl is filled with mournful wailing, a noise that no island pony could ever replicate, winding up the mare in the next stall over. Not one horse is quiet or calm or still.
A man standing astride her, in the bowler hat, her handler, yanks down on her braided rope, and the mare’s song is abruptly cut off.
The blonde mare rocks back and forth, a low growl on her breath.
“It has everything to do with me.”
He's not a religious man. He doesn't believe the answers are gifted from above, or that they can be found in a building.
John’s face turns to Sherlock, then to Stamford. His mouth is a hard line, confused, but unwilling to speak and break their silence below the wind. Sherlock nods for him to Mike.
Donovan shuts her mouth.
The rider pauses in the middle of the room, hands to his face. He should wash these, there’s caked blood chipping around his nail beds and in the faint lines of his hands.
sword.”
to open it.
. John doesn’t want him to go anywhere; John wants him to stay on Thisby. “I can’t listen to him say that.”
in tiny block letters beneath
Sherlock can see the entirety of the stallion. With sloping shoulders and a powerful set of legs, a long, streamlined neck, and that rider, it’s no wonder this beast is a five time champion of the Races. Watson’s legs are bent, clothed in dark trousers cinched at the ankles. His boots (scuffed with slight parallel lines - caused by someone who scraped around the edges of the sole in order to remove crusted mud, but was distracted) are in the stirrups. Sherlock cannot see a charm on the whole damn saddle array or bridle.
He’s sprawled out on his back behind the Hawkins’ Tavern, no blood, just bubbly spit pooling on the stone by his skinny cheeks on the floor and at the corners of his mouth. His clothes are rumpled, and he smells strongly of vomit when Sherlock crouches down to sniff at him. He folds down the collar of his coat to keep it from coming into full contact with the man.
“If you observe, difficult for you lot to do, I know, but if you manage it, you’ll see that she died on her front.”
Sandpipers pick at the receding waves in the blue wash.
“His cologne. She hasn’t washed her hair, and she’s wearing the same socks as yesterday.”
Sherlock scans the sheet when she hands it over, front and back. “Keep it,” Janine notes, tapping her fingers lightly on the counter.
Sherlock hadn’t heard them come in at all. He glances to John, grateful, but John isn’t looking back at him.
Sherlock’s ears ring.
Sherlock stops on the landing.
“Rebecca held this castle last.”
beyond any islander’s. His whispers to Gladstone to keep him grounded on the sand, and his whispers to Sherlock.
, in mine.”
Sherlock sucks in breaths through his teeth, shallower and shallower, spraying salt on the forced exhale, and the
“He’s not a pony.”
“We were just chatting.”
The man coughs, sputters, spraying Sherlock with more water than he knew was in the sea.
business. And he wouldn't fall in love with her, in any event. A game like the one Sherlock plays is nearly as dangerous as the Races themselves. He will never fall in love. The people of Thisby seem to have demented ideas of that concept, anyways.
Sherlock drives the Ford into Skarmouth the next morning, parking over the same spot of bumpy cobblestone he had when coming to the pub last night. His skin still prickles uneasily with all of the dreaded
Thoughts of the white mare seep into his mind, the branded one from last year, the
“You sort of have to do that to figure what’s inside.”
“He’s not going to hurt you.”
“Also, your landlady told me you’d been cryptic and said something about the Races. And that you’d
“Sherlock Holmes, I don’t care that Gladstone is gone.”
John leans away from him, pushing his own face close to Gladstone’s. Rapt, Sherlock watches him wrench the water horse’s great head down, and there is a blur of flat teeth. Gladstone’s lips are wrinkled back far past the reach of his mouth. He is a monster.
John notices. He coughs, pushing a fist to his mouth, and sits up on his elbows, dislodging one of Sherlock’s arms. Going by the nervous look in his eye, he’s trying to come up with an explanation. An excuse! Sherlock sits bolt upright, the peace flushing out of him.
Then there is the grey. And there is Hope.
Someone juts an elbow into Sherlock’s lower back. He grimaces.
A distraction from what? From murder on the island, or even the mainland, from betting on the racers, from illegal importation?
He keeps up his demanding nature of the morning, “Keys, Mrs Hudson!” Mrs Hudson’s voice comes back at him from her room across the hall, muffled by the sound of the closed door.
“Mrs Turner’s granddaughter, you know, married--”
A few tourists pass by, and despite the cold, seem happy with the brightness of the day. Ugh. Morning people.
Hope is dying on the sand, he’s bleeding out, the waves are lapping around him, reaching for the water horse.
There is talk of bets.
He pushes the saucer and cup onto the counter - his hands find John’s.
“Where are your balls?” He sputters. “Let’s have a go, before the rest of the fun.”
“Several days ago you didn’t wish to see me race at all.”
Ugh. That means he has to go back inside. And he's already got his shoes on, and Mrs Hudson loathes when he goes inside with his shoes on. He wipes them off on the doormat and streaks downstairs, to the cellar, and snags the money off the counter, sliding the coins into his pocket with the jingle of change.
The bakery door’s bell tinkles as they go.
“No,” Watson says, with a shake of his head that Gladstone mimicks, mane tossing, “Not him. You need to see what you're actually up against.”
“His office is past the stables on the north,” John directs, and they walk out of the stables. He can’t help but think of John crowding him back against the outside wall of his flat, of the rain that had soaked them both to the bone, of John’s hand tugging him, then.
She’s avoiding the subject. She’s avoiding it, and she’s just mentioned James Moriarty. Sherlock feels something sour curdle low in his gut.
“Apologies, the children of your world that I interact with don’t often have much need to go to scenes where crimes happened.” John mocks him with a low bow in faux remorse.
The closer to November it becomes, the more water horses the sea spits out, and the more restless the existing stock of water horses, captured in years gone by, become. The colder the sea is, preparing for winter in its own twisted way, the more the sea splits open beneath the horse’s shimmering pelts.
John laughs inappropriately.
Maybe it’s the deep color of Gladstone’s pelt that reminded him of Sherlock, or the way both breathe so carefully as they sleep. Do his ears feel hot? Or is the tough air streaming through the aisle simply biting at them? John feels the cold like a body pressed against him, and tucks frozen fingers into his jacket pockets.
“I know.”
He opens his wardrobe, selecting a pair of black dress trousers and a dark blue shirt. He does up the buttons quickly, mind already spinning around the facts of the case and how to go about bringing John along without notice.
It’s very unlikely the
. If I am trying to educate you slobs on how to actually do your own work along the way, then arrest me. For now,” Sherlock says, standing once more, because he’s done with this now. How is it that the officers on this island are so blind? “Where on this island could you bleed someone out, drain them of all but a liter or so of their blood, and clean it up easily?”
But Gladstone is not paying attention to anything but John, and when John takes a step away to attempt a circle in the grasses, Gladstone rocks with him. Sherlock has to haul himself up swiftly, lest he be dislodged, clinging to the saddle horn and trying in vain to get a leg over the rise. Gladstone dances again as John moves back, threatening to throw Sherlock to the ground.
He almost tripped over it when heading out for a late-night case.
It's the dog.
with John Watson, it’s planted
hat has just ripped out a man’s throat— Sherlock steps back. “How…?” John starts.
“Mrs Hudson!”
John exclaims, “Hold on!” And when Gladstone stills again, shuddering in the wind, John says, softer, in Sherlock’s ear, “You need to let him run. But you also must look ahead of him. He’ll run and he’ll run and he won’t stop if he gets to the cliffs. It’s windy today. Right?”
“I don't recall asking for one.”
Watson’s hands find Sherlock's wrists, and shove them off his collar. His eyes are dark, red-rimmed, and stormy. Sherlock swallows and chokes on salt as he tries his hardest to reach the land.
The corner of his mouth ticks up.
His letter. It is two-sided, like a coin. Moriarty on one side and Sherlock on the other.
Sherlock blinks again. John’s much more clever than Sherlock ever gives him credit for. Sherlock himself hadn’t even considered how he was getting back to the Ford in Skarmouth when Gladstone brought them to Moriarty’s summons. What was he thinking? Walk across the whole island, alone, in the dark, in
. Really, it’s a wonder that he doesn’t have to remind the inspector of the continued existence of technology. When Sherlock turns on his mobile for the day, there haven't been any missed messages or calls. No new leads from Lestrade, then. Scotland Yard should find something soon. A spree killer from two decades ago can't hold back
“Why would you buy such an old house?” Sherlock asks, surveying the high ceiling and noting the stains from a roof leak dripping somewhere above onto the upper floor.
“You rode all the way to Skarmouth the night of the storm? In the dark?”
on the property have anything to do with it. One such bay mare comes up quietly behind where Lestrade leans on the fencing and spooks the inspector.
“Yeah,” He mutters, “I'm sure that that's all there is to it.”
The first day, John handed Sherlock his heart. He's yet to get it back. So many attempts to uncover Sherlock, to remove the dust from where it's settled over the lonely years. (“
John looks at him for an impossibly long time. Many things are said, in that lonesome blue gaze. Things- things that Sherlock can't identify, that he can't chart, or grid, that he can
“Can’t stay all day,” Sherlock reaches the main door in the foyer, turning, pleased to see John’s been the one following closest to him, while Lestrade and the others back always. “I have very important matters to attend. Racing. Casing. Doing your job for you.”
Down to the quay with the tavern, Lestrade leads him. Somewhere ahead in the damp alleys is a crime scene. The wind funnels through the side streets and gathers cold from stones to bring back to the ocean on the other side of the island while some seabirds trill in the cliffsides.
“There. Now, I’ll be able to see you.” John takes his own horse's reins again.
“You’re looking for a man in his sixties with a grey, long-haired cat, who knew Shadwell prior to murdering her. He came here with the sword and she wasn’t alarmed because, at first, she thought she’d be purchasing it. She allowed him to walk right in her house, so they've met before. Otherwise, think about it, you would greet someone at the door. After last week, it’s clear that he arrived with the intention of murdering her. Wasn’t a deal gone bad, it was a plan gone
Sherlock doesn't even worry about whatever Redbeard thought he heard. He trusts the horse.
He needs to get dressed, collect his things, and rush out the door! He needs to hit the pavement and appear at the crime scene. Against his skin he needs to feel the London air and not a dusty flat.
Without missing a beat, John winks. “Only the best for the new rider.”
Though water is glazed over the cement and he runs the risk of slipping, Sherlock tears his hand out of John’s grasp without a second thought to rush to the second to last stall. `
they’ve been hearing is less of a threat, now that it’s got its owner with it. All the red stallion hears is a predator. An old, old predator.
“There’s nothing on the mainland for me.”
When John Watson turns, and their eyes meet for a split second, Sherlock can see the lines in his face, carved out during a life by the ocean cliffs and the struggling Thisby grass and the Scorpio winds.
“She was old, like I said. If you don't think she was old because you've seen old ones before, you've never seen one that's
.' But John doesn’t say any of that. He glances up at Sherlock from under his brows, tongue peeking out to wet his lips.
It’s dark outside when Sherlock shoves the paper bags into the backseat of the Ford, having completed the shopping for Mrs Hudson, trying to arrange everything on the floor so nothing will fall over. Damn Mrs Hudson’s love for oranges. Those are
Sherlock reclines on the mattress, half-covered with the duvet. There’s a mysterious dried stain on top of it, so Sherlock resolutely drops down to the pillows, closing his eyes and listening to the sounds of John’s puttering at the stove. Clack of the burner, clatter of the kettle placed over it. Cabinet open, box of teabags, cabinet closed.
does. It turns its head to one side to regard him with one eye, like a bird.
“Not one bit,” Watson says, and before Sherlock can slide in some prying question and gloat over his, albeit small, victory, Watson goes on, “But it means that people don’t want you on that beach, because if they don’t beat you, then it means that they lost to Sherlock Holmes and his island pony.”
He can’t see the entirety of John’s mouth, but the rise in his cheeks suggest he’s smiling dangerously. It reminds Sherlock of that morning, with Hope and the chestnut water horse and the revolver.
The penny drops.
“Wolfsbane seeds,” he marvels.
position,” Moriarty crows, and then rolls his eyes, not at his own innuendo, but at Sherlock’s calm stance, remaining on the other side of the desk with a passive glare. “I can’t see the appeal. You could be far more relaxed if you sat down.”
“Ah ah ah!” Moriarty exclaims, barely winded, “I wanted
that cannot understand the depth of this pit of longing in which Sherlock has been waiting, wanting, watching. The air feels cold, unadjusted, but careful, the coarse salt wind and the sweetgrass drifting up against him like a body.
“And how's the Holmes sister doing today?” The unidentified man calls out, jolly. "Obviously well, isn't she?"
God, the stench is horrible, and with the sky spitting water, wetting down Sherlock’s grip on Redbeard’s reins and his hair and everything in the world--
There’s something to say about the flutter John’s words evoke in Sherlock’s chest. He crosses his arms.
“Gladstone,” John doesn't shout, but Gladstone's ears press forward like he had. His shivers stop long enough for John to slowly work the harness of nails off of him, pulling at the leather straps with iron clips. It drops to the sand.
is how they will play.
“With my mind, maybe. Not me. That’s you, John.”
"Sorry, I'm sorry." John sounds muffled, not releasing. Perhaps John needed this reassurance just the same as Sherlock.
“The ocean knows your name,” Sherlock murmurs, voice rumbling low, examining the shell. He touches each notch, admiring the small rose murex, big as a coin. All he’s ever seen of it have been small snatches of John tucking it away in his jacket pocket. It’s impossible to figure who was in the goddess costume that night from looking at this one shell.
He imagines he can still smell the
The window above the small four-space stove next to the sink - it reminds him of the little view that Gladstone has of the ocean he longs for. Through the thin veil of lace-white curtains, Sherlock can see the lights in the stables on the dark, open land. Farther away is the orange haze above Skarmouth, past the Stockyard’s property but not out of Moriarty’s reach.
“Definitely,” Sherlock says. He steps up to Lestrade, waiting for him to open the door into the actual murder scene. Most of the time Lestrade requires direction from Sherlock to keep his own two feet under him. Now, he’s here assuming he knows what the murder weapon is? “You said
,” John snaps back. His words aren't so carefully chosen anymore - the way Gladstone throws his head and the way his feet dance with the bells tied crudely around his ankles, it all must be affecting him. “It's been too long.” It has likely only been days at most. Does Hope intend to race even with a busted arm?
“But I
John's fingers shift against canvas sheets, his mind emerging like a gently cresting whale to the sound of a sweet voice. It's all honeydew and bumblebees and lilac flowers. Maybe monkshood, instead. Sherlock would like to be something poisonous but beautiful. It's only realistic.
“The-- the butcher’s! It’s the butcher’s, where the riders get their meat, it’s their- their son, he was seeing the--” Sherlock gestures to the body, a little further away than he was before, “The girl, she wanted to break it off, he killed her two days after she mentioned it to him.”
John says, “You wouldn’t be the one to mention it to, would you?”
“I wouldn’t pin your hopes on Mr Chatterjee, he’s got a wife on the mainland nobody knows about.” Sherlock drums his fingers on his leg impatiently. “Well, nobody except me.”
Her brown hair is tied back, and her black apron hanging above her dark dress is stained with white and brown, and she’s hanging out of the open bakery door, glancing about like she’s fighting the urge to usher him inside. Making November cakes, then. She's looking at him, scrutinizing. Her face is illuminated by the streetlamps and the light pouring from inside the Hooper Bakery.
tell him that in a hundred years, not even if he asked kindly. The wind blows over them.
He circles the body, gleaning information.
The knight sees his impending imprisonment as he tries to push down the bridge again, hurrying across the yard and tries the handle that triggers the chains. He says something but Sherlock can't hear it. The knight runs back to the center of the courtyard - the castle walls are too high for him to see Sherlock otherwise.
surges out of Watson’s magic hold with an eldritch screech, spraying droplets of the ocean as it tries to bound toward Sherlock, but not before Watson can yank on its black mane and get the horse’s attention.
There's a bout of ruckus by the door, Sherlock does not turn to see why. Undeniably, it's some sort of brawl or argument over horses.
“Have you done this before?” John asks, and the question instantly stabs him.
evidence of the same killer. It's delightful. Harboring hatred and anger for that long is bound to give way to overkill and mistakes enough to catch them. His mind flies with ideas and the evidence of his mad process is scattered and spread around every surface and wall, with a large diagram of tube stations pinned to the wall over the sofa.
“Didn’t you drive here?”
The idea that his footsteps are being tracked, that he is known on Thisby, that his movements are being anticipated before he even considers them, is disconcerting. It worries over, rolling through his head like smoke in the wind.
John’s smile is small, a small, and a secretive smile. It’s as masked as the mare goddess. Sherlock wonders if he still has the spiraled shell in his pocket, or if he's already made his wish. His blue eyes are alight. So are Gladstone's, which glow in the purple wash of light. “You don’t like to do anything the easy way, do you?” John says, and Sherlock doesn’t have a clue to the meaning of it.
The tension that had built when John was fingering him returns in earnest, only now it becomes unstoppable, rising high and raising the tropical heat of the room. John’s cock drags and shoves into him, hitting him deep and grazing his point of disaster, and each thrust brushes Sherlock’s cock against John’s belly, warm against him.
He thinks of the bright, cherry red car coming down the road out of Skarmouth while he was headed into town.
Anyone who knows their way around cutting edges and knives knows that it’s not the stab, but the ‘twist and rip’ that will bleed someone out the quickest. And they’d have to make sure that a main artery was hit, so the carotid in the neck, or the femoral in the groin are the usual places of attack… An arterial stab wound is nearly impossible stem, and would require immediate medical attention, if the victim wasn’t to bleed out
He wretches past people that refuse to move, edging closer to the bonfires and away from spectators who won't be pledging themselves to the island. He will get this over with quickly, and he will go home. No matter who decides to fight him about Redbeard, tonight he will fight back, tooth and nail.
, she was bound to be under stress.”
“Yeah,” John clears his throat. Awkward. Sherlock pulls Redbeard into a stop, and John follows suit. Gladstone shifts and rocks in place. Sherlock squints at John.
shrieks and leaps to following John, tail snapping, all open mouth and pale gums, but it’s too slow and falls too far behind, and gets caught up in a fight with the horse that attempts to drag the injured rider off its back.
John hovers over him, rubbing Sherlock down at the root, pulling soft noises from Sherlock’s throat. “Can I…?”
, “he's one of them. Have you seen his eyes? Or the way he moves around the horses, like he knows them? He looks like the
the woman exclaims, “I couldn't see Redbeard or you,” the horse is just outside, “I didn't know where you'd gone.”
Lestrade keeps out of his path. “We’ve been looking at the sword, it seems able to deliver the kind of fatal injuries we’ve seen with the other murders.”
“No. And if you believe he is, you’re a fool.”
“Not more foolish than jumping into the quay?” Sherlock offers, high and tight and strained in an unfamiliar way.
Sherlock blinks - partially in an attempt to get the water out of his eyes and partially in surprise. They’re in a hurry, aren’t they?
John looks down at Sherlock. Sherlock doesn’t like what he sees in those eyes. Not one bit.
“Sherlock!” He hears John exclaim again, invigorated now that he’s spotted his figure down in the water. “What the hell are you thinking? Get out of the tide!”
HEY GUYS. LONG TIME NO SEA. can't believe I predicted gay water. Anyways season 4 was mostly bad so I'm going to ignore it
Regret begins to grow in his belly, the orange sun casting long shadows behind them as it starts to dip beneath the ocean.
“He’ll seek you out, you know,” Molly smiles. Just behind her, Archie is handing a paper bag to a tourist at the counter. “Oh, that man’s so gone on you. Ever since you met him, you know. I don't think-- I don't think I know of anyone more obsessed with you.”
They’re alone, clearly, at least out here, there is no one to see them. In truth, he’s finding it increasingly difficult to keep himself from gravitating back to John. It wouldn’t be so bad.
They reach the Stockyard. Over the meadow, Sherlock can see the shape of the mill past the pony fences. There are white wooden boxes filled with new flowers, new posters and signs for directions. It must be Thursday, the day of the youngstock auction. The grass is green and has been freshly watered to look as healthy as possible, and even the barns seem to be shinier than usual, flags flying traditional Thisby colors. Only Sherlock is aware that Moriarty cares nothing about the island’s culture, and everything about the power he has over it.
It's… unnerving. The person holds themselves strangely, and their tail looks more realistic than it had before. Their feet are bare, but they are dirty, sand and grit caked beneath their nails and between their toes. Bells seem to spring directly from the skin around her ankles, shivering with tremors that are minutely working their way through the goddess' frame. Sherlock can feel heavy intent on the air, like electricity crackling in his flesh.
Although Sherlock’s face never stopped burning since the beginning of this encounter, it flushes deeper. John is simple and edgeless, surely not
“I had something this morning.” Sherlock carefully sits on the edge of the mattress after retrieving the towel John used to attack his hair earlier - it’s a little difficult, sitting, what with the messy pile of folded duvets under his bum. They make for a very lumpy bed.
“You--” Sherlock sputters, taken aback and utterly thrown, “you are five-point-one centimeters tall.”
“It was a passing comment,” Sherlock lies, and then pauses. He is aware that it doesn’t do well to start off… whatever this is, by being dishonest, especially since John is interested in him in that capacity. His gaze slides to John from the corner of his eye.
“This would be far easier if I were your size,” John finally says, “or even
“What about her?”
“No, you idiot, there would be sand stuck to the blood on her, in her hair, everywhere!”
can take, and how far
Is it hunger, or jealousy? Envy that Thisby has favored John in so many more ways than it ever had Sherlock? A mainlander, over an islander?
She holds out a paper bag for the two of them, her cheeks tinged pink and her hair pulled back tighter than before. John hands her a few coins, smiling apologetically. She plunks them into the register.
The tourist (American, approximately seventeen, though tall - lives with his stepmother and father, came here with the latter— paranoid) shivers as Sherlock stares at him. This claim makes no sense. Redbeard isn't even a large horse, his ears aren't elongated, his pelt is clearly dry, his ribs aren't showing, and he’s not draped in charms.
“Hey, you’re a lucky man that I don’t bring the
Sherlock is fixed on John again. He can't keep him off of his treacherous mind for more than a moment. On the ground, hands up in front of his handsome face, sand sticking on one side of his sweaty cheeks. All questions as to what happened at the conclusion of last year’s Races have been swept out of his mind, and just for a second, he’s too concerned for this figment of his imagination.
The bowler hat urges, “Go on, hop on.”
. You may call them fairytales. I call them historical novellas. I especially love this one.” Now, he turns the cover, so that Sherlock can read the embellished title.
Moriarty stands now, his long fingers pressing into the vast, dark polished chestnut desk before him. On it, barely in John’s peripheral is the seal, the one that had stamped waxen death to that tourist man, an execution order.
Sherlock sees the revolver. He pulls Redbeard, unhappy he is near yet another water horse, even familiar, into a stop.
“You were not obligated to help me. However, you did. And that is why I’m thanking you.”
“Pick up some oranges while you're out! There's coins on the counter! I’ll make a meringue pie!”
“I don’t wake each time my box is opened. I don’t know who opened it and why they took my sword. I don’t know the rules of magic.” John sighs. After a moment of deliberation, he asks the unfeasible question that Sherlock hasn’t had time to wonder over. “And why is it
“I disagree.”
“Mrs—” He begins, but she’s already ahead of him.
“My elbows aren’t anywhere near your head!”
The man who’s spoken lives on the island but was not born here. His hair is tousled and long, half of it pulled back into some sort of tie that's been too stretched out to be functional anymore. The worn, oversized green flannel hangs down his stocky frame, and his dirty hands clutch around his sixth… no, seventh glass of hard liquor. And he's calling Sherlock a boy. Sherlock frowns, and tries to ignore him. Who’s behind John in the odds? Let’s see…
Sheep show up slaughtered, and barn cats, too. Smears of red on the ground, inconsequential and common, like the blood on the sand the day after the Races, high up on the shore where the ocean has yet to reach and lap away.
The sound of Mrs Hudson’s fork clinking against her plate stops. Sherlock risks a glance up. The woman is staring at him, wide eyed, her hands frozen.
Because there is no possible way that the murderer went out seeking John’s sword. Because it did not exist in a large form before it was stolen from the figurine, John’s sword came to
Sherlock takes the lead, swerving past a group of young women in bright costumes, and vaulting over a wall of bikes leaned up against a low barrier. A car horn sounds, “Sorry!” He hears John exclaim after it.
He pushes his heels into Redbeard’s ribs, and the horse follows his desire, drawing closer to the cliffs.
Perhaps he’s going mad. It’s been a day since his case has picked up, and his fingers and mind prickle for distraction.
“Mike, first,” John says, looking at his broken watch. “It’s nearly seven.”
Sherlock swallows, and John traces the bobbing movement with his fingertips. John has no idea what it means to have someone capture complete attention in a room, the moment he walks in. Sherlock has seen the effect on people when John appears - awe, jealousy, respect.
With high ceilings and arching doorways, it's a wonder the owner was able to make the architecture look so ugly just by filling it with reproachable decorations. The only forgivable additions are the family portraits, and even then they toe the line. A smiling pair of brides at a wedding, the same women in candid shots across a span of time. Family, yellowed photographs of long-gone dogs, shots of lilac bushes in the summer and ponds in autumn orange.
Much more real than sitting high above it.
“John,” Sherlock starts, but John’s fingers tighten on the fabric of his coat.
real,” John insists, “but it’s not with me in my world, no. Neither are these clothes, or this armor, or the castle. I’ve only had the sword when I am here, but it’s from my world, like the rest of it.”
Because Sherlock wasn’t going to try picking it up, either. He was not throwing out his back for that thing.
How Moriarty had stood there, drinking it all in, knowing Sherlock was playing into his hands. Stupid, stupid.
usually accompanied,” Sherlock admits, and then wonders why he said that.
“I don’t understand,” John says, stepping into the stables. The wind carefully buffets the building, uncertain and salty. “Why would he replace the letter but steal the file? It doesn’t make any sense.”
would be a lie, and not very impressive. “He ran up the stairs, took them two at a time. Were it for anything besides, he wouldn’t have hurried. There’s a body waiting. Paired with the fact I could see his holster under his coat, which he doesn’t carry on a regular basis, it was obvious.”
The rusting Ford is out front, nearly kaput as always, as Redbeard and Josephine graze in the pasture around the house. The grass here is short, as though the salt-throwing winds are beating sprouts into submission.
Drifting almost effortlessly closer to John, Sherlock watches the giant champion horse, the lines of his face all smoothed and simple. More of the barn workers and stablehands, against the push of the wind, have pails and baskets full of charms. One passes too close to Gladstone, and the horse kicks out a hind leg feebly. John coos, as if to a baby or prized pet. Sherlock looks up above, but can’t see Moriarty from this angle. Has he ever seen that man on a beach at all? The cold wind buffets them, throwing open Sherlock’s jacket and blowing Gladstone’s scratchy white mane over his withers. He idles steps behind the black horse’s rider, eyeing the horse.
Sherlock can see the name of the dead tourist man printed on its side.
Hope about him? What would be the point of that? He's hardly a threat, on an ordinary horse.
It gets cut off in the middle, and there’s a loudly familiar demand of, “Will you
The castle, Sherlock had most forgotten. Has something broken inside the walls? He’s unsure of how that would happen, it’s made for children, and there’s no way that he is more destructive than a child. He hasn’t touched the thing since last night. Removing the cigarette from between his teeth and expelling a puff of smoke, he crouches beside the castle. He lifts the top of the castle off. He doesn’t see anything smashed or broken, just the empty rooms. He sets the cover back over the towers.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “She didn’t die here.”
John has hung onto the photograph, shifts the jacket in his grasp and points at the man’s pockets.
John stares at him in disbelief. He lets go of Sherlock’s arm.
John turns to him, wide-eyed. He frowns, glancing down at his hands, stilled in their buttoning of his waistcoat. He shakes his head. For an indeterminate reason, this annoys Sherlock.
“No.”
He hums, the wind blowing it all away. What will John think of the house?
“Could it teach you a thing or two about medieval castles? Looks pretty realistic--
Janine does not adore it, because the young girl’s body was found out back in the alley of Hawkins’ tavern, near the bins. Bloodied, a rip at the side of the throat. She lays face down on the disgusting brickwork of the alleyway. She’s a tourist - obviously. Bright yellow sundress, stained dark red. Sherlock grimaces at her wardrobe choices. Really, on windy Thisby, with all the gamblers and lechers, and she was going around in that?
one says,
“John,” he warns, unsure, “John, I--”
After a moment, John tips his face and presses a kiss to Sherlock’s chin where he can reach.
Sherlock closes his eyes, taking deep breaths, and leans forwards until his head is against the line of Redbeard’s neck and mane. The shudders, he feels, are strong.
suffered from the wind and last night is Sherlock’s frizzy hair.
“You’re correct, Mike. You’ve done well. I am… sorry you had to understand an instrumental part in the boy’s death.” He thinks. “
It sinks well into the floorboards underneath Shadwell. She is speared into her own home. Blood is soaked into the shag she rests on, black and dried, and a rose of it blooms through her blouse. This was the single killing blow. One slash, a thrust, and death.
John touches his face, rubs his bloody thumb against Sherlock's cheek, pale tidepools staring into Sherlock’s eyes. They flicker from eye to eye, then crinkle as John smiles weakly. The smear of Gladstone’s blood makes the hair behind his left ear stick up, congealed.
It isn’t the sun that finds Sherlock in the morning, streaming through the window as it often does in his cramped little room.
It’s impulsive. It’s reckless. He says nothing to John when the former champion returns to him, hand brushing Sherlock’s persistently.
“Mr Rushford is looking for you in the paddocks. He’s looking to buy Fiona.”
Sherlock presses his ungloved hand down on Hope’s wound, hard, crushing like Gladstone against his neck. His pain is nothing. In Hope’s wide eyes there is an immense fear that may be mirrored back in Sherlock’s. “You're dying, but there's still time to hurt you.” He needs to know.
murder.
John says, “Here, let me,” and a moment later, the gate creaks, pushed by cold air and now free, “There.”
He would've.
The bubbled froth at the corners of Wayne Redding’s lips, a reaction to the nerve paralysis and heart failure.
column. Then she looks over her shoulder at him, pinned up dark hair contrasting her shining white teeth while she smiles. “What’s your ride’s name, Sherl?”
. There was no lore about it, no fabled magic weapon. It didn't exist until it
Sherlock sees the grass becoming thinner a moment before it’s too late - all colors are starting to look the same as the sun has begun to set.
while another is shrieking somewhere in the dark.
Redbeard will run straight. He won’t be distracted by the water.
He wants to rip it out of his chest and throw it over the cliffs and into the sea where it may be swept away by hushing waves along the shore.
“For two days every rider on the island has been complaining how horribly cut their beef hearts are for their
One arm is down at his side, the other is bent at the elbow with the hand resting on his hip, before the handle of a sword at his waist. Or. No. Where the handle is meant to be. The sword is missing from its scabbard. There was clearly meant to be one, given the small opening under the knight’s hand. Sherlock sets the knight down and picks up the case again, searching in the soft bed of cloth. Nothing but crumpled fabric. Sherlock retrieves the knight.
When he does, it’s early in the morning and the flat is cloaked in night. His current investigation had gone cold yesterday, an 18-year-old murder spree that seems to have been reignited in present-day London.
Sherlock glances to Gladstone, where a blanket of deep teal sticks out from beneath the polished brown saddle high up by his withers. The
He hears the engine of the ancient Ford rattling to sleep as they quicken through the yard and towards the house. Sherlock’s feet feel clumsy and uneven, even over familiar ground. He has a mild fantasy of John lifting him up and carrying him home, but lets the thought flicker out.
“Sherlock!”
Molly’s mouth pops open.
It took him but a month to draw Sherlock into the center of his web. Much more time had been spent constructing the delicacies, but in the end it was the month of October that brought them both to this place.
The bowler hat turns to him. His large eyebrows sink down further over his dark eyes. Then he simply looks away.
Redbeard, the tall iron stallion, does not make a sound as he tosses flakes of hay into it. He merely rocks in place, his nostrils flaring evenly, his ears dropped weightlessly forward. Asleep, then, Sherlock thinks with a touch of fondness.
Unlike Beryl, he will never have to put the weight of his bad leg on land again. There will never be pain in his steps. In water, he will be weightless.
Over THREE YEARS! since I began this giant fic! It has been such a ride! The thing that kept me going was your support and comments -- plus, I had to prove to myself that I can finish huge projects like this.
“Gladstone.”
Sherlock studies the marks on the blade. They are in no language that Sherlock can read. They may just be abstract symbols, faux runes, meaningless. Imprinted while the metal was hot, done by the blacksmith. A true professional, by the look of it.
Moriarty.
“You done?” Says Lestrade, opening the door and hooking a hand around the frame. Donovan follows in his footsteps. She looks more irritable than she had five minutes prior.
Gladstone’s mouth drops open, one eye rolled back to regard his midnight visitor.
“Oh, ye’re the clever one, then!” The man laughs.
John has climbed onto the side of one wall, beside the drawbridge chains. Already, he’s a few inches off the ground, but there is a long way to go. For a moment, Sherlock squints at him.
“Listen to me. No, look at me.” John touches Sherlock’s chin when he tries to glance away. “Listen. Moriarty doesn’t have a leg to stand on anymore.”
“Oh, no, dear. Jim rode up in Father’s car. Such a nice new thing, don't you think? Father had it shipped up from the mainland this past summer.”
He wonders what would've happened if Darwin had come to Thisby, after, or instead of the Galápagos Islands. There aren't many differences between the water horses, like the finch beaks and the tortoise shells. None that Sherlock can catalog, and he's tried. Just the coat colour. Size. When they leap into the sea after a premature rising, their heads begin to lengthen as they dip under, a scream cut off halfway.
Moriarty crumples, momentum going wide. He lands dead at the cliff edge. There’s a black hole in the back of his head.
“Ah, ah, ah!” Moriarty tuts. “I was trying to make it
“Poor thing,” says veterinarian John, bending, “it’s very recent.”
Sherlock relaxes. The ease of their conversation returns.
“I’m sure you were trying to be polite. How would you feel if someone did that to you?”
He doesn't have time to deal with idiots. Strangely, the petty names have the opposite affect on him that they're meant to have. They calm him instead of unsettle him, because they're such a staple of his life on Thisby, and what he's about to do is not.
Sherlock knows this is not the case.
“And already I can see issue with your livelihood, even from my vantage point.”
John glances over from his armchair, setting his newspaper down. He squints at Sherlock, then the chemistry equipment on the dining table, then the general clutter of their very private house. He goes back to his reading, a knowing smile on his lips.
Moriarty had brought Sherlock’s invitation to the cliffs with him, resolving the nasty situation should it have been discovered in his office.
Tourists with fat wallets in their pockets (careful with those, visitors, there are less noble ways that the residents of Thisby can obtain money) walk around, laughing with wives or husbands or children. Men in prim waistcoats ignore the smaller shops for minuscule iron parts, or those that sell charms to tie into a water horse’s mane.
There are twelve days until the Races, after today.
“Really?” John props himself up on one arm, peering over Sherlock’s body to squint at the light out the window. “Should’ve gotten me up earlier.” He throws the quilt off, piling it atop Sherlock.
Redbeard throws back his head and whinnies - high and scared. It looks as though his legs will collapse underneath him. Hydria’s throat makes a sound, a horrible sound, a shrill cry that keens upwards at the end, and it evokes fear in the place in Sherlock’s chest that is reserved for instinct.
They drive for a few more minutes. Sherlock watches the orange of the sky above Skarmouth’s nightlights grow further away through the rearview mirror.
Some days, the ocean is real and blue, teeming with green and the sand that the light shows. But this late morning it is all choppy black. It feels like he’s gone on a quest to the arctic to find the North Pole; where all compasses point true, and he looks around, expecting to see the jagged starts of ice. Nothing but cliffs and more black water, and a bit of red sand that is being licked away by the sea.
“Didn’t you?” John smiles wryly.
No. Move on.
John’s fingers slip under Sherlock’s cock, sliding wetly between his cheeks, his wrist nudging the underside of Sherlock’s cock. His other hand splays over Sherlock’s thigh, pushing them wider.
John grins and looks down as if bashful. Sherlock’s heart goes heavy, and he sharply inhales the smarting air, so much so that the back of his nose aches and he can almost feel his lips crack. He licks them, and glances away to the beach. A dun mare is running back and forth along the tract of useable beach. After making a note on his paper about it, John looks back up.
“Hide,” Sherlock says, quickly crouching. He pries off the roof of one of the castle towers as if it’ll help. “I still am unsure if you’re real or not, but for the chance that you are, for Mycroft’s sake, hide in the castle. I’m sure he’s not got all his ethics permits in order.”
Sherlock props himself up on his elbows and fiddles with the duvet cover, whirring too late in coming up with an answer.
Sherlock holds the door ajar for John, and they slip inside. It’s bright, it’s always lit in here, and Sherlock gathers himself from the brisk weather in the shelter of the warm, open foyer. There’s the room with the pews in front of them, and out here, glass cases, plaques, commemorative benches to sit, statues, candelabras and lanterns, and ancient paintings of Epona decorate the foyer. The culturally significant pieces of artwork are on display behind thicker glass in cabinets that can withstand the non-stop exposure to light and cold. It’s more like a museum, out here, than the entrance to a place of worship.
This is nothing, because Sherlock felt, and continues to feel, the crushing weight of romantic attraction. He is miserable thinking about it.
The bakery is shining in pink morning light as it filters through the hand-painted windows. It casts rings and stripes of shadow over the display of cinnamon twists and November cakes behind glass on the sill. There’s a poster on the wall for the Stockyard’s youngstock auction from Thursday.
Lestrade signals with a hand for a beer from Janine, which she delivers happily and takes his money.
stops shuddering and whining. Its ears prick and alertness seems to flood back into its eyes. It’s still facing forward, feigning disinterest. “You were a veterinarian there. Can't much do that now, not with that shaking.”
Surprised, Sherlock tracks his hand slowly down the broad of the longsword, allowing John time to read the symbols as they pass.
He clutches harder to John’s middle, laying his face on John’s shoulder and feeling the smooth gait of Gladstone’s rocking beneath them, considering what is to come. The letter, only a small piece of paper, feels extraordinarily heavy in his coat pocket, like it is weighing him down to the ocean depths.
Lestrade waves her off. “It’s old, too.”
He doesn’t mention Gladstone’s name.
Sherlock presses, “Have you been waiting long?”
Sherlock blinks, so shocked he can't speak for the next five seconds. When he does, he mutters, “That’s not what people usually say.”
Sherlock thinks, but says, “I was delayed.” He holds up the envelope, and John’s eyes go big, and his stance changes, from something like reassurance and worry at finding him here, to a new, slightly-anxious-yet-excited expression.
“Greg Lestrade. Comfort. By my blood.”
He takes his time to observe the room. There is too much clutter and not enough organization. Mrs Hudson would be appalled. Sherlock identifies with it; his own room is much the same, only, skeletons take up quite a lot of space and they do not here. There are a number of equestrian health novels and textbooks stacked on a scraggly wooden chair with thin legs in the corner of the room near the heater. It gives the impression that both the chair and the books are meant for firewood, as they are so near the supply of logs in a basket.
John smiles at him, content to be allowed into Sherlock’s thoughts. John’s hands fidget by his thigh for a moment, and then he reaches to take Sherlock’s.
“Josey’s fine, dear,” she had read his mind. Sherlock sighs. “Where did you get off to?”
“Aconitine, John. The toxin that comes from the wolfsbane plant, found in lethal amounts in the system of the poisoned tourist.” Sherlock turns away, walking out of the foyer and beginning to stride down the long aisle of the ancient church towards the podiums, his feet tapping on the carpet as he walks, and echoing around the empty building. John follows him, distressed. He begins to speak faster, the ideas jumping to his head as he speaks, “We looked at the stolen file. The case of the tarts. Moriarty is the only private vendor importing and exporting anything from the mainland, his horses, his private goods. It’s just Bill Murray and his shop, otherwise. If he wanted a dagger from the mainland museums, he could get one, same as he could get the wolfsbane flowers. Fishermen and the other shops all have to declare their exports and imports, and go through customs, but Moriarty is private. He doesn’t have to disclose anything.”
. John may grow angry with him, when,
Sherlock scrawls two lines onto the back of the short invitation, and slips it back into its envelope.
John’s face has gone soft. His island focus flickers around Sherlock’s expression, stuttering at his bloody lip and brow. He tugs Sherlock's hand, wavering when Sherlock cringes painfully, his ribs grinding in the wrong ways. Sherlock’s trousers are entirely soaked with mud and rain. “Please. Let’s get out of this weather.”
Now that Gladstone is still - shivering, but still - there are more men on the cliff sides next to Moriarty. Sherlock sees him wave a hand, and the barn workers descend the steep, sandy dune down to the cove where all this action had taken place. Sherlock sees one man carrying a stretcher, headed towards them.
Sherlock leans closer to John. Being anywhere with John would be enough. “It has a certain charm.”
am not leaving you behind. We’ll cross the finish together.” John says strictly. When Sherlock rolls his eyes, John sighs, lowering his volume. “We don’t have to play this game of his.”
Although each of his moves is planned very carefully, Sherlock acts as though they are not. He rushes at the sofa when he reaches the bottom of the stairs, and throws John’s jacket at the man’s sleeping body, who startles instantly, arms curling around something that isn’t there.
“And you?” The words tumble from Sherlock’s lips before his head can stop them. Unable to draw them back or sink into the earth, he watches John for a reaction.
Here, she is immortalized in stained glass, in beautiful artistry. Even sans religion, Sherlock can appreciate the craftsmanship that had gone into creating these colorful windows for St Columba’s all those generations ago. Reared and striking, Epona looms, not unlike the branded white mare and Gladstone that Sherlock had seen in his mind in the back of Hooper’s Bakery. Her mane flows in panels of black and white, fracturing glass, beautifully spun into the window.
It's patronizing to such a professional horse, and although Gladstone’s features do not portray any feeling, the air drops thick with a heavy miasma of malcontent. It is almost hard to move. Is he the only one to feel this? There is a terrible dread crawling underneath his skin.
“Piebald,” Sherlock says very quickly, shaking his head and blinking.
John is gone, and so he won’t see you looking through the book that he left.
John must have set it here late last night, somewhere between the time Sherlock had gone upstairs and come down after his nightmare. Was he writing in it? What would be worth recording? Or perhaps he was reviewing his notes on opponents horses, on their racing habits, testing himself on them all to better his understanding.
They spend another half hour going over the papers, but they contain nothing Sherlock didn’t infer already. Normal dose of poison, so the poisoner didn’t know the man was ill, and was knowledgeable enough to know the fatal dose. In the meantime, Mrs Hudson has been finishing her pie-baking and is humming along to mainland radio.
Anger nearly crests over him. Whatever did he enter the Races for, if Mycroft’s disappearance was self-administered all along?
Sherlock can see its face now, truly and clearly, with no shredded mist or fog or wind. Its long nostrils contract, and it twists its head one way, rubbing its black muzzle its dark chest, some kind of a scratch. It looks less like a champion when it does this.
Sherlock slips off of Redbeard’s saddle with haste. The stirrups and the seat are slick. His legs quake, straining against his wound and the cramping. Relentless, his mind refuses to acquiesce even the smallest amount of headspace to the sensation of bodily pain.
Perhaps a
“Do we have business?” Sherlock says. He keeps his hands clasped behind his back.
She was alive, when he twisted it between her ribs. It would have hurt.
But this feeling goes only one way.
Despite being two inches tall, John doesn’t seem phased by this glare. “You don’t know anything about swords?”
Snorting, Sherlock complies with every demand. John hikes a leg up until his foot is in the elongated stirrup, there’s a scrape of outcropping rock, then he reaches up, fingers finding the edge of the saddle, and he’s up and sitting behind Sherlock before a handful of seconds have passed. Beneath them, Sherlock can feel the low shudder of excitement rushing through Gladstone.
Oh. This must be someone’s
Sherlock’s interest spikes. Gladstone isn't a good representation? And does Watson truly believe Mary capable of that? He pulls on Redbeard’s reins, to remind the stallion that he's remained here. Redbeard, evidently more comfortable, jerks his head back and then swings his face to shove his nose against Sherlock’s boot.
The bowler hat tries to lure in a few more men that are skeptically eyeing the rocking blonde mare, but fails when they all mention a
Watson tips his head to the side, an imitation of a nod. “I believe he's actually showing off, today. He must like your Redbeard.”
Mrs Hudson sets the mug down. She turns on him, lips pursed together, “Sherlock Holmes, you’re always sticking your nose in other people’s business.”
The deep beat of the Scorpio drums, echoing all over Skarmouth, sets up a background noise, thumping out a Scorpio rhythm for the whole town to hear. The sound slices through the cold air in a million places, driving like sewing needles into wind-hardened skin. This Skarmouth is dark and distant, shaking and powerful. Skarmouth is both a water horse and the sea tonight - horses are painted in vibrant colors on wooden boards and nailed up over the edges of buildings, wards to keep their namesake's away, the wind sounds like waves as it beats through narrow alleys. The potency of the Races is bleeding through all the cracks in the windows, the splinters in the walls, the seams of the streets.
“Let’s get down to business,” Moriarty says.
Sherlock’s feet come free of the sand, and he wades, pushing hard against the weight of the water. It feels like he’s being pushed back. Still, he gives up on keeping his arms dry and instead uses them to push himself further to the shore. Beneath his feet, the sand shifts and the water he touches tries to drag him to the depths of the shallows.
It occurs to Sherlock that the steam pouring from the
A dozen or so men are gathered around one end of the rock, waiting to go up, and still more are moving restlessly towards the group. The first rider steps naturally up onto the rock. He’s got greying hair, and the silver spikes and dances in the firelight. It’s Lestrade. Sherlock had known he was riding this year. Down at the beach, he'd been wandering around. Sherlock had glanced him just moments ago. Neglecting his judicial duties - but that’s fair, because there aren't many criminals to catch on Thisby. Well. Not that many that have done something so bad as to deserve being caught. Mostly pickpockets. Sherlock ignores those cases.
“I am not
“We’ll go down here,” John says, nodding his head to a swooping tract of soil and pebbles leading down to the rocky shoreline. That’s how the shores are on this side, all loose rock and washed-out remnants of coral. Sherlock muses, recalling the day he’d been on these shores alone, before meeting John on the cliffs had become such a brilliant staple of his day.
John shifts until he can see Sherlock’s face settled against his shoulder. Sherlock gives him a smile, at once too lazy to move and too tired to get the sun out of his eyes. John can’t reach his mouth because of the angle, so he drops a kiss against Sherlock’s hair. It’s stunning in its gentleness. It's not enough, so Sherlock sits up slowly before leaning forwards again, the whole of his side pressed into John. He would love nothing more than to fall and lay down with John beside him - right here at the back edge of the island.
Watson is breathless. Sherlock holds tight to Redbeard’s reins as Watson dismounts, dropping from that incredibly high saddle and onto the packed earth. His hair is more windblown than Sherlock’s ever seen it, and he resists the urge to reach up and touch his own to judge the damage the race had on it.
“No,” Lestrade answers, and Sherlock sweeps out the evidence room’s door, walking briskly down the hallway in the same manner he did through the streets earlier. A young officer jumps from his path, spilling some hot drink over in a mug.
’s and while John returns to his dresser after tossing the smaller towel onto his bed, Sherlock sticks the corner of the towel to remove the water in his ears. And then he swipes the edge along his face and forehead. He feels immeasurably better. He only wishes he knew how Redbeard is doing.
been why he was so pissed when you told him to bring in the Haverfords last night,” John giggles, “Brilliant. He wasn’t going to the beaches. He did say he had things to do.”
Sherlock dismounts, and pulls Redbeard by the reins to the metal grate by the quay, as close as he can get. Skarmouth has the smell of fish and strange smoke to it tonight, and Sherlock carefully peers over the edge of the grate, put just around the cliffside towns to keep people from walking off the edge of the island, to see if there are any boats down in the ocean to account for the scent. There's nothing but black water and the reflection of the sliver of moon in the sky.
He scowls, but secretly wonders if his mind had created such a sequence in sleep, or if it were truly fact from the racing reports last year. Perhaps the lines had blurred a bit, since his body is sore and exhausted, stiff with fatigue and dried saltwater.
The floorboards look old and washed out; too many people have been sick on them, and too many times a mop has been scrubbed rigorously over them. It smells and feels disgusting, tacky like melted hard candy. and the atmosphere always presses unkindly onto irregulars heads. Sherlock avoids it whenever he can.
Lestrade pauses, “What local would have monkshood on hand? If the perpetrator was angry at the victim, he would’ve acted out fairly quickly. That’s how it usually happens.”
It occurs to Sherlock that the
The slits on his neck widen and flex, quivering as he struggles to breathe in the air where he should not be any longer. Sherlock clasps John’s hand to drag him out of the water and away from his
What is Moriarty attempting to draw his attention from? Could it be something he already knows, that Moriarty isn’t aware of his knowledge of, yet, and thus be ineffective? Conceivably, the confusion of mentioning Mr Haverford at all is the distraction that Moriarty seeks.
Sherlock can scarcely believe it.
John pulls away after a moment. He searches for Sherlock’s gaze with an open expression, but Sherlock has dropped his eyes to the ground.
They must reach what John came here for, Sherlock marvels as the slanting entrance of a covered section of the cove comes into view. Like a quarry cut from the island, insides all removed, there is a heavy overhang, with dark patches of cover inside, where the sun can’t reach. A system of caves.
Sherlock knows the blonde mare is somewhere among them when he hears her scream. His head pounds at the noise, the memory of the beach tumbling close. Redbeard’s ears pin back, and Sherlock leans forward to pat his neck, soothing. They don't share the same memory, but Redbeard can feel Sherlock's racing thoughts as clearly as if they were seeping directly through the saddle.
There are other faces that Sherlock recognizes in the massive crowd. Lestrade, Watson, Murray, Hope. Within his own circle, Lestrade laughs and mutters something, the shadows jumping over the indents in his face and spattering firelight across his nose. There's a game of familiarity to all of this, to all of the riders. Sherlock's stomach is uneasy as he comes to a third bonfire, managing his way in the writhing mass of people and avoiding the champion rider. Before the third bonfire is a great, flat rock, splattered and streaked with brown. It takes a second before Sherlock realizes what he’s looking at - just as Doctor Fletcher is pulling himself up onto the rock - it’s blood. Old, old blood. And a lot of it.
Janine is looking at him from behind the bar, and she's not the only waitress or bartender around, but she suddenly has eyes only for him. And then John beside him. She finishes up the order she's attending to, and Sherlock is too slow to come up with a plan to leave, because the next moment she smiles at the dumbstruck drunk and slips away from him with a tip. Towards them she comes.
You can… You can come with me. When I go.”
“I - I left it. At Hawkin’s. There will be - people, all around. Drunks - idiots, the like.”
are all running to him, but he isn’t racing, and the
John, are you saying you’d like me to return it so that the gamblers can fix the Races for themselves?”
Down, by his feet.
John Watson shakes his head. It’s hard to see from Sherlock’s vantage point, and he finds himself, stupidly, wishing he were better able to observe the small animatronics. “In
“Bet you also think that your trousers aren’t fitted.”
When Henry Knight circles around as the ceremonies are closing, it is decided. John has been briefly swallowed by some prying reporter, and so Sherlock pounces on the fleeting moment of privacy from the cameras.
“Five times,” Stamford whistles.
and rider have bumped into them, the giant horse rearing back its ugly mottled head, slits appearing on its wet neck, gasping for air.
Lestrade emerges from the notary’s office, just as Sherlock’s heading into it. They nearly collide, with Lestrade looking at him, surprised, and Sherlock stopping dead on a coin. The DI smells heavily of black coffee, and of something sweeter, like cinnamon, or warm honey. The scent is so strong that Sherlock scrunches up the bridge of his nose.
between the two of them.
“Yeah? Well, escaping the island takes
into a gallop. It  passes as quickly and coldly as the wind.
John smiles. “Thank you.”
John watches down the hallway towards the foyer, the both of them quiet in case they should be caught. When the pick catches, Sherlock twists the old brass handle and opens the door. The noise hardly matters, outside there are still drummers crashing and kicking down the streets. There’s even a few drunken singers.
For a moment, he worries for Redbeard, but the stallion is perfectly capable of biting a man’s hand should someone try and touch him. He couldn't bite it
Fingers curl into his hair, scratch lightly at his scalp. Sherlock shivers when they trace over the crown of his head, then hums his assent when they massage behind his ear.
John sighs, breaking his concentration.
hours,” Sherlock stresses, pushing his hands into his coat pockets. The long coat hem whips around his calves. He does some basic, quick math, for how long it’s been since John must’ve left the Stcokyard, when he brewed the tea, until now. “
There are other names, below the gap, names Sherlock recognizes only vaguely.
Clearly startled, John glances at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, keeping the rest of his body angled towards the
“So who took it? And who did it transfer through to end up
He sinks into the black, it has barely hit him, what he’s done and where he is, and he surfaces, gasping. The night is all around him, but above, the lights of the town twinkle. It was as if he was hurling himself off the cliffs by the beaches. This isn’t a sea wish so carelessly thrown over the edges of the island, the runner wants this evidence destroyed, and Sherlock cannot allow it to happen.
Sherlock is suddenly quite cross that his curls tend to tangle and hang limply in his face after an attack by the wind, because Watson looks put together, short hair scrappy from the rushes of air. Sherlock shoves his hair back, only to have it fall back again when he replaces his hands on the reins.
John reads over his shoulder. “What an arse.”
“Hang on to me,” John says. “I don’t want to lose you.”
Sherlock talks right over him, “The idea that it is mere coincidence that two bodies should arrive in the same place within such a short period of time remains preposterous, although the butcher’s son— Hank? Stupid name— Although Hank remains in officer custody and will for many years. And he was arrested before the man was poisoned.”
John’s getting ready to leave.
They’re clear - farther up the tract of sand, there are horses quarreling, and Redbeard bounds over the figure of a rider knocked to the beach. His hooves dig into the sand and they streak forward. They’re out of the biggest section of the fray and now it’s about speed and staying out of reach of other horses. Sherlock barely registers the cries of the crowd and the shrieks and wails of the
“Sherlock, where are you
“I tried for
. The seeds of doubt? I’ve crafted them all so carefully, Sherlock, just for you. That Detective Lestrade?” Moriarty gestures. “I can have him off the island in a
. It’s two-fifty or nothing. After this year, I won’t hear of this again.”
If he had to leave Mrs Hudson's house, Redbeard would be the first thing he'd have to give up. And, besides. To wait and linger; it is not in his blood.
John shifts even closer, “Whoever it is, he isn’t meant to be here.” His voice is very low and nearly inaudible, and Sherlock can smell the whiskey just as much as he can smell the dust and old wood oil and shoe polish down here in the corner. “Or they would’ve turned on the lights.”
“Henry isn’t exceedingly clever, but he won’t wander down to the beaches in any season, racing or otherwise. He relies on Moriarty, and you, by extension, to bring in fresh crops of
Especially easy to catch in its natural habitat, the tumultuous sea in the dark.
The knight takes a daring step forward in the courtyard, “Are you dense?” He demands, “Have you come to kill me? I’ll not be bested by you - not by any giant!”
John realizes this. “Here,” he says, pulling away. Sherlock twitches with the loss of John’s hand, unsympathetic, and John’s cock is still pushed insistently, untouched, against Sherlock’s navel. John reaches for the bedstand, fumbling a drawer open.
Except this one, John stops.
John doesn’t rush to correct himself. Sherlock imagines him saying, '
Hard thumps on soil and grass.
“I'm telling you,” Lestrade takes a large swig from his mug, and licks his lips, “maybe it was an accident.”
Taken aback by the outburst, John manages, “Steal the letter?”
John’s footsteps are a bit heavier than Sherlock’s as they enter, but that is more of an indicator of the fact that John had more to drink than Sherlock did, rather than anything else. They should be sure no common thief will follow. Craning to look over his shoulder, Sherlock casts a glance behind him to check if they were seen. There’s no one outside besides a lonely man somewhere down the street, hands tucked into his pockets against the cold. Sherlock closes the heavy door behind them, shivers, and allows his eyes to adjust to the pitch black inside the offices.
Obviously, no one is in the big building, but attracting the unwanted attentions of people outside wouldn’t be very clever. Just as well, an officer could come back at any time, hauling in some drunkard and flicking on every light in the place. That would not work out so perfectly for Sherlock and John. Quicker would be better.
Just in the nick of time, she stops and John emerges from the loo, holding a hand towel, apparently all that he could find in the little room. “Sorry, he’s just, he’s absolutely freezing,” he says by way of explanation to Mrs Hudson, who waves, starstruck. John bunches the towel in a fist-sized wad and stepping close, pressing it against the back of Sherlock’s neck. Warm relief is immediate, and Mrs Hudson makes eyes at them in reference to her earlier stance.
A particularly brutal wind chooses this moment to slice through Skarmouth, whipping up the water in the quay and making it slap against the cement walls. Sherlock shivers hard.
Sherlock leans towards him, takes a few steps without quite realizing what he’s doing. Then he stops, furrowing his brow at the ground. Was it not Watson who spat at him to get Redbeard off the beaches, after he was hauled from the waves? Was it not Watson who felt the need to
In a week, the beaches will be flooded with commotion. People will be selling fresh water horses or their catches from years past. Stray dogs will run between the crowds, tempting fate. Men will lose fingers, noses, hands, and pride.
There’s no one in the musty room. Plenty of things line the shelves, some of them surely antiques and covered with cobwebs near the back, confiscated years and years ago in some investigation that never received a happy resolve. Probably because Sherlock didn’t work on them, the cases so cold and ancient, but Lestrade likely didn’t, either, so Sherlock doesn’t make a snappy comment.
It’s gone. There’s the scrape of rock, rustle of cloth and an exclamation, more thuds and gasps and shouts, and Sherlock feels smaller than he’s ever felt, smaller than he was on the beach, smaller than he was walking up to the rock, and to the blackboard, and—
Janine’s smile never falters, “It’s fifty, love.”
John grins, watching Gladstone in the corner of his eye. Gladstone lays an ear back. As if reading his mind, he says, “Mary couldn't have given you a ride like this.”
“Henry Knight, such a nice delivery boy,” Moriarty says. “You’re very clever. He’s done more delivering for me than you and he even know.”
” he explains, suppressing a shudder and starting to remove his long coat. She always prefers him hanging it by the door when it is wet outside, “near the stable. I closed the door - is--”
Here is the truth: he never left that room.
The driver’s side snaps closed, John getting out. “I haven’t brought anything for her,” John worries, coming around the vehicle to close Sherlock’s door for him. His fingers are freezing. Will they need to be removed? "Some - wine?"
Sediment from the cliffs crumbles down like broken brick onto the grains of yellow-brown sand… Sherlock whips around, then back, eyes wide, staring at the charmed painting.
Lestrade fumbles for this quick turn in Sherlock’s mood. “What?”
Watson’s gaze doesn’t flicker, doesn’t glimmer away; he's unbothered by Sherlock’s deduction. It must be common knowledge that Watson doesn’t hail from Thisby. Sherlock’s getting slow, he can almost hear Mycroft’s tauntings in his ear while he watches the water horse arch its neck back like a rattlesnake. Mycroft, somewhere, sits behind a mahogany desk, prim and proper. He smirks, and his hands fold on the wood before him.
There are so many things to think about, and so little time to reflect. This hurts. Everything about this hurts. The horrifying part of it all, the dread and the time limit, the unknown of how things will be in a week - if they both live - stings. The razor twists in his chest. Elusive thoughts flash by in his head, all passing, feint, and unimaginable.
“Your odds are high,” Sherlock repeats, “and so are your spirits.” He pauses, and then lies, “I take it the talk with Moriarty went well?”
He assumes it’s sheep’s blood. He’d be able to tell if he was closer, if he had time to tell if the blood patterns slipped back together or congealed in a certain way - proteins give it away. But he doesn’t have time. A century ago, it was a man who the riders slaughtered, as Fletcher recounted. It’s not the case anymore. Good. The island would run out of men.
“The riders aren’t allowed anywhere near these,” John touches the clear glass, “How could Moriarty get his hands on one?”
“Says, ‘M.H.’ on the return postage…?”
“I live next d-door,” Sherlock pauses, catches his teeth chattering from the cold, “to the sheep farm.”
Mrs Hudson goes on, as if him and John are two young boys who need to be corralled during playtime, “—as long as you’re not making a ruckus in the sitting room—”
“They always come inland. You know this. Don’t be a moron. Though, it's late for that,” Sherlock smiles tightly as he reaches for the door handle.
“Then you would still be soaking, but even more angry at yourself.”
“Cat hair. The cat might’ve been here when she was murdered.” Perhaps it was stolen? Or maybe the neighbor took it in after Shadwell was found dead and the police began to crawl all over her house. Having been doing reading about animal witnesses two months ago, Sherlock’s half-confident that the cat is a clue. If this pans out favorably, he could post a blog about it.
“You think that no one will listen to me.” Sherlock clenches his jaw. “You’re putting all your money on that.”
A barrage of possibilities seize Sherlock at once, tightening his chest.
Watson wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, smearing
John sighs, brushing down the arms of his jacket. He looks nervous, sick with it, staring at Gladstone. The water horse, after being out and about all day, seems comforted, sticking his face out the tiny window he has, nostrils flaring to scent the wind blowing in from outside. After a heartbeat, John reaches for him arm. Sherlock lets him take it, lets John’s hand slide lower until it has found Sherlock’s.
are always faster. Period.”
, the son’s been angry, slashing things, practicing. It was premeditated. He knew what he was doing-- arrest him, and do it quickly. He may still be cleaning the blood off the floor. Her blood, not cow’s blood.”
There are many things that Sherlock can take a decisive answer on. Formulas, the laws of nature, time, and space. This is not one of those things. John Watson, renowned champion of the infamous Scorpio Races, said without thought that someone would lose to Sherlock. He only disagreed with his former statement after thought and hesitation. This revelation makes Sherlock’s heart sing and flutter in his chest, a leaf shaken by the devastating gales. He tries desperately to drown it.
There are large knockers over the front doors, and high windows set into the framework.
. Sherlock has been clean for months, now, there is no reason why he should be hallucinating. But, perhaps someone really did infiltrate the flat, and they have drugged him.
had an innate hatred of him, too.
There is no way that Sherlock can answer honestly and come off
"You're not bored now, are you?"
“You're short.”
“No. No, no, not allergic.”
Sherlock jerks off of him.
Redbeard’s leg kicks out, slamming against the panels of the stall. His head is thrown back and he whinnies highly again, panicked eyes jerking wildly, with his ears flicking around to pinpoint the source of his anxiety. He doesn't have his saddle or reins in, not even a halter on, very unusual for him - it must be adding to his fear.
that involve the magical mirror committing murder.
Sherlock can almost see his dorsal fin poking out of black water. He stares resolutely forward.
“Sit down, boy. Ye’re making me nervous.”
"It’s fine, mostly, if I take them up by the caverns and the cove.” John glances out his window, totally dark, then back to the dash again, turning the wheel with a squeak as they round a gentle turn around another sheep farm wall. It seems as though he is hiding something in his eyes. “But, once, I have been there when it has gone badly.”
Something is fluttering in him, still desperate to be said. Sherlock drums it out on the sheets. Things are slow and tired so close to the start, and Sherlock has the hopeless impulse to keep it that way.
How observant this John is.
He brushes down the front of his long coat. This is mostly for show, but partially because he was in that dusty evidence locker.
? I talked with Moriarty, Sherlock. He told me he wanted to eat your heart out. Do you-- do you know how that felt?”
“Oh, god,” John laughs, “You must be freezing. Seriously, jumping into the quay, near November? Anything could’ve gotten you, hypothermia included. You’re mad. Absolutely, stark-raving mad.”
“How gracious.”
stands in the middle of the road somewhere down it, will the lights scare them away? What do they do if they’re confronted with cars?
John huffs out a short laugh, his shoulders shaking. It’s calming, refreshing to see. Sherlock wouldn’t have expected sex to include so much laughing. As long as it isn’t directed at him, he’ll allow it.
The flat is quiet.
But the
There’s a little cleft in his chin, just a dimple, Sherlock sees when Watson turns his head, small, insignificant and barely there, but Sherlock doesn’t think he has the willpower to look away.
Hm. Their case? He’s beginning to go quite mad. John is a magnificent conductor. Perfectly directing Sherlock’s thoughts, almost all the time.
“I’m John Watson.”
Moriarty doesn’t look up from what he’s doing, which is probably nothing, and he doesn’t even shift in his chair. “Which one is Fiona?”
She laughs, still sounding very pretty. It's all for John’s benefit. “We all good, then?” She gently touches his arm. He looks down with distaste.
has more speed than an island horse can ever dream of. Every one does. Watson leans forward, and they gain more ground, fast. Sherlock can see no more than a black blur ahead of them, the white on Watson’s shirt ruffling and sticking out.
The roads here are made of cobblestone instead of dirt and are more like paths than anything else. The town curves into something small and tight-knit. Clothing stores, shopping, and the Hooper Bakery. The mill is somewhere near the north side of the island past the Stockyard, the place where they keep the most dangerous of animals.
It is this small action that makes him realize that John has a much more dangerous weapon in his hands than a gun.
“Do you want to?”
The black waves, the
Finally, he sighs out, “No.” He puts down the glass, careful to extend his little finger so it doesn't make more than a tap against the countertop. He sniffs, because his nose is runny, and immediately wishes he didn't, because it makes him sound weak.
Moriarty nods at him, like Sherlock has performed well. “There are lots of pieces I like about
Sherlock collapses back against the pillows, letting the quilt fall over John, and knocking his knee into John’s hip as punishment.
The wind is soughing through the trees, the ones planted for decoration around the edges of the fencing, and shingles from all over the Stockyard are flung over the slippery wet grass. All over, there are squares of light, betraying the locations of buildings that can’t be picked out in the mist and the dark and the rain.
On the cliffs, Sherlock has no clue how John trusted Gladstone to be so close to the sea. Then again, Sherlock has no clue as to why he himself trusted Redbeard to remain with Gladstone and not be frightened, but the horse was happily grinding weak grass between his molars when they came to fetch him.
As some… strange form of payment.
In the same instant he lunges for Sherlock, John snaps the trigger.
“Are you able to stay put?”
“Riding an island pony in a race for the water horses. Everyone’s noticed you,” The man on the chestnut rumbles. It sounds too much like the thunder Sherlock knows is coming - like the grumble of sound clapping somewhere distant.
Regaining solid ground in a stumble, Sherlock considers. He hadn’t expected Moriarty to come looking for a physical fight, but he will work with what is given to him. At a disadvantage because of his injury from the Races, this could be disastrous.
it's impossible to tell in this dimness - it’s just a stranger
He spits
Why should it matter whether Sherlock loves Gladstone or not?
No napkins or anything John can use to wrap his hand - Sherlock never buys kitchen supplies. Most things just… materialize. Or Mrs Hudson brings them up. A plaster certainly wouldn’t be the right size, not to mention the fact that John has never seen one before.
blood across his face. His hands drop to his sides, and curl into tight fists.
Sherlock’s eyes dip lower to the smattered dusting of golden-red hair descending down John’s navel, and the prominent shadow of his cock in his trousers. Sherlock’s mouth goes dry.
He doesn’t see anything besides the crests and falls of the waves. The dark blue-black and the occasional tumble of foam. These waters conceal anything that may be swimming below. In two weeks, Sherlock will be on the other side of the island, right beside this saltwater, on Redbeard, racing alongside the giant
for the boat.
John, fixing the petite saddlebags on Gladstone’s back, looks over his shoulder at Sherlock, mirroring him on Redbeard. Gladstone is facing resolutely forward, cloth tied around his nose. As he breathes, the thin cotton is pulled into shadows in the shape of long, thin nostrils, and pushed back out on the exhale.
He wipes the sand and the seawater from his eyes, mouth wide open, and shoves his wretched hair back from where it hangs into his eyes to see his death before it hits him.
He blows more smoke, and the wind immediately buffers it away.
shakes more and more and more, water sliding down and off its grey dappled pelt as it creaks forward, groaning lowly and hungrily--
A moment passes.
John cups his face in his strong hands. There have been no declarations. Sherlock hopes there will be. Will he get to hear them? Should he bother to hope? Hope that the sand will not take any of them come the day of the Races? This is an oft-visited thought, losing Redbeard, but now, it feels as though there is something else real to lose, something solid, something that exists in their shared space. The space between them, where he can feel John’s breath over his lips.
The thumps on the stairs stop - brush of a coat by the stack of magazines beside the entrance, shoes hitting the landing. “Sherlock?”
Mycroft left for the mainland six years ago, when Sherlock was twenty four. Mycroft was thirty one.
It is not often that Sherlock applauds Lestrade for his word choices. It is never, actually. But.
After scanning the note, Sherlock shoves the paper into John’s chest. John reads, his other hand held up high under Gladstone’s hairy muzzle, the bridle firmly in his grip. Gladstone’s salty breath fogs up and rolls over in the air.
“You cannot think of one thing you could
It is like the sun has come up.
He’s alright. He’s winded, clearly, shaken and thrown. But it’s John - and he’s here, alive. Sherlock’s wound begins to sting, sand and saltwater and blood mixed in a potent cocktail of pain.
Sherlock’s shoulders shake with uncomfortable, restrained laughter. He looks over and John is smiling nicely at him, and it makes Sherlock's heart flutter and carnivorous butterflies try and eat the lining of his stomach. “No, no. Not my housekeeper. She's very adamant about that. It's her house. Well. I rent use of it. Well.” Sherlock shifts. His feet are cold. “It's complicated.”
Ah, Lestrade kept the body in this state so that Sherlock could come and view it. How thoughtful. And very telling about how out of his depth Lestrade is. The whole of the police, actually, even if Donovan’s snark and Anderson's attitude tries to convince him otherwise.
Watson’s hand is outstretched toward the goddess’ costume. There's a white pinprick of an item, a spiraling shell in his palm, the same shell that Sherlock saw him tuck into his pocket after the rider’s parade.
Sherlock‘s knee jerks, just shy of hitting the underside of the table.
Sherlock takes in a breath to spit something back, but his mind stutters to a halt.
The drop falls to the rock, mingling with the sheep’s and the other riders. Here he stands, letting his blood sink into the stone, and into Thisby. Traditions, island and mainland, mean nothing to him, they are far below and half are not worthy of upkeep, but tonight among the riders and caught up in their net, something akin to ancient pride festers in his bones.
“Mainlander!”
. A very dangerous image. “You’re absolutely sure there was no note?”
There!
Sherlock. I’m not stupid, you know, even if I never was as clever as you and your brother.” Mrs Hudson sits on the kitchen chair beside him. “But I
The birds are suspended in the air, Hope’s expression melts in a single point of an instant, people freeze, and then—
At once, the seabed turns over, shivering sand and dredging his feet under the sediment. Up, get up! Leaning forwards gets his freed feet into the cracks of the coral rocks where the abalone live, dislodging shells and reef-bits tucked into the crags of the stones. A breaker melts into the saltwater when he sloshes through it on his way to the shore.
John hushes him, low and under his breath, more of an exhale than a real noise.
The fence wraps around the neighborhood. If he wanted to, he could sneak in quite easily somewhere down the line and further from the main road, but that would require vaulting the high, sharp fence, and Sherlock doesn't feel like taking extra precautions to ensure John's safety right now. He instead walks pointedly to the guard's booth, glancing at the scanner beside it. When residents drive through, they touch an ID and the gate opens. All it would take is a quick pickpocket from a passing jogger.
But John is different in the small ways, as well as the enormous ones. Small, like his weary determination, the dimple in his chin, his unassuming work. Enormous, like his tolerance of Sherlock, his profound ideals of the
Without regard to Sherlock, Redbeard launches forward, surpassing Gladstone and Mary, jerking his head so far forward that the reins fly out of Sherlock’s slick grip. Sick, Sherlock takes hold of the horn of the saddle with one hand and a handful of Redbeard’s red mane in the other, fingers curling so tight that his nails bite into his palm.
“I shouldn't be.”
High tide reaches up and hits the cliffs, eroding the white. In the water, amongst the many white caps, great shapes swim just beneath the surface, where dips in the water follow fast-moving bodies.
John grins, his cheeks smudged with indistinct color. He tilts his head. “Makes it hard to sit in a saddle.”
John starts, “About that--”
John would never let a finger on her, not after he’d felt the rushing hot waters of her mind when touching her after she’d kicked away her monger that first day. Her head was full of saltwater and malice, and hidden meanings. Magnussen likely loses himself every time he rides her, no matter the charms he thinks he’s using correctly.
John glances to him, then leans closer to turn the photograph so Sherlock can see, the scent of sleep heavy on him.
“Your little pony?”
The evening wanes into night. Redbeard will be fine in Molly Hooper’s care.
“What?” And Lestrade didn’t
Something magic is gripping him. It’s wound tight around his heart, cast a net of frail spiderwebs and tugging downwards to the core of Gladstone.  It’s the
“I was thinking the same thing.”
Sherlock jerks up.
He takes care of his arms, winding gauze around the burning patches of skin. He flexes his fingers and frowns at the sting that he feels as the skin pulls taunt over his muscles.
Cautiously, he strolls into the office, away from the doorway, looking around and acting like he hasn’t already categorized each and every visible item in the room. Like he is an inconsequential tourist.
The warmth on his front, the eyeful of the back of John’s head, on the little hairs twitching in the wind and with his breath, makes Sherlock tuck himself closer. It’s efficient, he reasons, better than being put up against the cold.
John’s grip is on Gladstone, but all his focus is on Sherlock, and what he holds. John swallows, looking up at him, a deep concern written in the lines around his mouth.
Crimson wax, hard and bubbled under the emblem of a horse’s head and a cursive, deep-set M. The Stockyard’s callmark. There are thin, spiderwebbing cracks in the wax, as if someone had folded the letter and ruined the emblem.
“Oh, sure.”
“Do it yourself,” Sherlock suggests, “There’s a saying about that. Yes? I’m sure that there is.”
“Alright,
“Yes!”
“Spit it out, Mike,” Sherlock says, discontent evident. His mouth twists into a frown, loathing the long time it’s taking for Mike to speak. For every second that passes, he could be coming closer to discovering the interconnection between each death on the island, and where Moriarty is relative to it all. He could be making John less unhappy.
John points to the case of glass in front of them. Inside are the infamous Thisby daggers, long, crystalline, and glittering under a display light. Thin blades are polished to obsessive perfection. Their history is short and bitter. Made and magicked for harming competing
Caught unaware, John answers, eyes wide and darting to and from Sherlock’s, entranced by color. “They do.”
Finally, they hit the middle of the pasture, where Mrs Hudson’s house is. Sherlock tries the handle, but it’s locked. He raps quickly on the wood.
John sighs, smiling warmly. “I want you to love him.”
It isn’t yet the time for training to begin on the sand, or for horse mongers to sell water horses down there in droves. It isn’t the time for a nose to be sheared off in a moment of distraction whilst training on the beach, that all comes later, after the sign ups.  It’s early October, and it is the time for capturing the
As they round the stable entrance, Musgrave appears. Her stump of a bedraggled, half-eaten tail holds out stiffly behind her.
“Apologies. I’ll stop.”
John laughs, and Sherlock’s shoulders droop, relaxed, as he pats the towel against the side of his hair, trying to see if he can get some of his curls back. It’s full of brine and ocean salt.
clacking flat teeth together and flicking hot ears and hot haunches, John is nowhere. Nowhere. Neither is Mary. Sherlock's throat is tight.
caught at night are stronger than those in the day. They say that ones caught in a storm are flighty, but fast. There’s no way to quantify that, and Sherlock lets the idea sink into island lore.
He runs down the corridor, skewing the carpet, and into the front entrance, where the door is just closing. Chances are the man won’t break into a run as soon as he’s left the building, not wanting to attract attention, and so they have just enough time to stop him.
Sherlock says, “The racing beach is hardly safe for me.”
“This is where I walk.”
“Wait, a rash? Now,” Lestrade says, “I thought it was just the shadows of the photograph, but there did seem to be something there.”
A panic closes Sherlock’s throat. The ambience of the scene before him clogs his nose and mouth, the miasmic feel of heavy clouds and of the churning black water. All of it is chilling, and the horses pounding down the sand are now haunting instead of informative.
“‘Telling off’? Is that what you call
He looks up, slotting the envelope into his pocket. “John and I will be going, now.”
“You’re gorgeous, oh, you’re amazing,” John says, shunting them deeper inside. Something in Sherlock’s hindbrain flickers to life, on and off, a rising agony searing between his lungs. “Do you - do you want to…”
The touch jostles him, distracts from the repeated, gasping thrill of John’s thrusts, sizzling excite down his spine, through his ribs, up into his mind. Red-hot needles thrum over his skin. Another stroke, and he is completely gone, moaning, rolling his hips down to meet John’s cock. His tightens, and he buries his face into the side of John’s hair, coming with a shout.
“Hi, Mrs H.”
The papers flutter downwards, like origami gulls, towards the water.
“Sherlock Holmes, what's a boy like you doing out here?” Someone shouts at him. Someone else laughs with as much gusto as a sea lion. Sherlock hunches his shoulders up to his ears and walks faster.
“Oh, dear, we should get you a towel,” Mrs Hudson makes her usual flouncing gestures, hands up, and off to the kitchen again.
Sherlock returns home, and does not go to the beach.
John lets go of him as they come into view of the manor house. It’s large, by any standards, but especially by Thisby’s. Half the lights in the windows are on, shutters strapped down to the walls to prevent them flinging in the island wind. Dark paint, old architecture style, expensive doors. John doesn’t knock, just walks in. Right. Moriarty’s office must be in one of these rooms, and after working for him for so long, John may have gotten tired of waiting for someone to answer the doorbell.
, a paper gull cries at him, the distance displayed on its wing, a clipping from the racing reports -- more than enough distance for the other horses to slow, even if they were running full speed at the actual finish line.
John flings the quilt off the bed entirely, emerging from its tent. He’s still smiling, and it still launches Sherlock’s heart into desperate flutters. His features are better seen in the dim of the flat instead of under the covers.
John isn’t with the seasoned riders that Sherlock is gaining on. The wind throws a heavy arm inland and blasts over Sherlock’s form, pushing Redbeard, urging them farther. The
“I was just telling Sherlock, it's so nice he's found someone."
The horses grow restless. They call and lust for the sea. They rub off the hair of their manes on stall doors in their madness for the November waters. Hooper’s is running out of cinnamon twists and cakes and loaves of sweet bread. The sound of bells is ceaseless.
The gun had already been fired when she jumped. Why didn't I see it? John would never forgive her. Not for
The watch is on Watson’s wrist again, just like at the festival. It hadn’t been there at the beach, or in the tavern. Must not be waterproof, like almost everything made on Thisby is. It has to be, with Thisby’s weather. It does not tick, does not reveal the passage of time. It's broken.
Another cry, ever closer. He’s breathing hard - where, where is it? It’s a water horse, that much is obvious, but
His wet clothes are delivered to the laundry room, where he’ll do them later. His soaking coat he hangs over the bathtub, deciding to scrub out the salt later. It’s hand-wash only, and one of his prized possessions. John’s jacket he puts carefully down over the back of his chair, a leering touch, and then he pulls himself away.
A deafening crack of a gunshot, and he opens his eyes to bright light. The intensity makes him shut them again, willing away the outside sun. His head aches. His heart is heavy. His lungs are pulled down.
They are both very smart men, even Sherlock can see just how stupid Moriarty plays to please the visiting mongers. He doesn’t really care about the enormous wealth he’s acquired - what he cares about is the power that wealth has over the people on Thisby. This conversation will be short because Moriarty can see through him, as if he is nothing but salty air.
The shapes of the clouds above shadow over the open ocean, light colors fragmented across sheets of grey, pulled by strong wind that carries the scent of salt and throws Sherlock’s hair back from his brow, Redbeard’s mane across his hock, and the sweetgrass fluttering.
The cab rolls slowly, parking out on the edge of a gated neighborhood. Never visited this particular residential area before. The homes beyond the black fence are all multi-storied, large buildings, all painted white and light pastel, indistinguishable from the overcast sky and the clouds rushing through up above.
Watson laughs again. It's less impressed amusement, and more of a grim thing. “No, not me. Not on purpose, at the very least.”
“Sherlock?”
Climbing up the narrow, steep path is somewhat easier than trudging down it, as gravity is no longer working against them and trying to tear Redbeard down and fall. Sherlock licks the salt from his lips as he goes. It’s crusted his mouth and eyelashes. The cold presses up against him, like another body. Redbeard’s hooves slip and skitter on the loose pebbles a hundred times in the climb. Sherlock leans forward, towards the stallion’s neck, to ease some of his weight.
John smiles lethargically. How he loves this man. It's so, so easy. He was always meant to love Sherlock. God. He has never felt anything before this man. This tender-hearted man. “I’m very in need of a shower, is what I am.”
The burglar knocks over a few wooden boxes under the counter, shuffling through papers John already shuffled through. He’s not just taking anything, he’s looking for something. Stuck halfway against the wall, he glances at John, and they exchange a look of understanding.
Sherlock has some money. Not enough to buy a water horse. Not one of those.
eye. Wet. There is a flash of blunt teeth as it screams, the sound piquing into and interested rise. It’s seen him.
Gladstone’s withers twitch and shiver. Sherlock had never forgotten for a second that he was there, but now, Hope seems as though he has.
Does he plan on Sherlock helping? John’s eyes are black in the shadows and sharp swaths of light from the bulbs above. Over his shoulder, across the aisle, Sherlock can see more horses all beating themselves against the walls.
The drummers throb on, the life force of the village, and how do they keep at this music so long and hard, for so many days in a row? They must have very strong arms.
than have Redbeard do the same) up from the beaches. The lights in Skarmouth are too bright.
“Can't recall.” Sherlock answers absently, “I've deleted it.”
Redbeard’s breath is quickening. Sherlock hums softly, reaching down a hand to pat at the stallion’s neck. It won’t do to have them both incapacitated with fear, not that he's afraid. Sherlock swallows, staring off and into the clear day and to the sea.
(See the end of the chapter for
Collecting the saddle from its peg on the opposite wall, Sherlock holds it over one forearm, side tight to his chest, while he clicks the leadrope into place on Redbeard’s harness.
Is there any way Mycroft saw this, knows about this? Could have included this in the spy’s dossier of how to act?
“Piss off.”
John left his book.
The champion looks astonished, but then laughs very loudly. “Come on,” He says, “Let’s have at it.”
She’s gotten rid of all his fish scales and toad legs.
"Lestrade,” Sherlock warns. Now is not the time. He's talking to John.
“And you won’t ever come back?” John finally asks, an edge to his voice, as if his mind is whirring on, beginning to think of some argument with Sherlock that will keep him on the island as John keeps Gladstone. John wants him here.
under saddles will ward away from him.
“Perhaps don’t slice yourself to ribbons next time someone doubts your physical existence.”
“You already know it’s him, Sherlock,” John says. His voice bounces around in the acoustics of the high, towering ceilings, against the rounded walls. Tiring of trailing after Sherlock, he seizes Sherlock’s elbow, stopping them. Sherlock narrows his eyes at John. John’s eyes are soft and vulnerable, deep blue in the church’s light. The candles on the walls flicker.
Sherlock and John walk by, ignoring the few half-drunk stragglers on this side of town, sure to be picked off by a capaill should any come ashore and wander into the town centre, but though the night is cold and breezy, it’s not as seasick as rainy nights. Smelling the ocean on the breeze, and watching John’s calm demeanor, Sherlock feels vaguely, at least, reassured.
How much does John know? He will not know that Sherlock bargained Gladstone for him by offering up his own racing, no, Sherlock will
at him, to find the faults in his appearance and see his life, when a voice calls to him.
. It could be proven that these horses weren't strictly native to Thisby, that they had descendants, things that were like them, elsewhere, though perhaps not exactly the same. It could be proven that it was not all magic Sherlock is salivating, thinking about the taxonomy.
on Redbeard’s tail.
It wouldn’t be his style, either. The sharks, horse and rider, are more venomous than brutal. They would like to unwind the carefully stitched fabric of Thisby rather than snap the commanding string.
was the one who added fuel to the fire, literally and metaphorically.
Sherlock shakes his head. Not the time.
“Means it’s free rein, which means I can be here,” Watson flicks the reins of his great water horse, which jolts its head to one side, showing off a powerful profile. “You know, I never did get to say a proper goodbye to you, two days ago.”
“It’s their own fault. The rules should’ve been more specific. Has no one ever tried what I’m doing? If so, I find that hard to believe.” Mm. No, Sherlock doesn’t. This island is full of many morons and few exceptions. Still - having Sherlock on the beach should be a balm to the seasoned racers, he'll be an easy one to beat. He rolls his shoulders back and preens. No, he won't.
Sherlock shuts the book. Impossible. Is John talking about him? Well, he thinks, he closed it too soon to know; he should read on. He skips back a few pages, aware his invasion of privacy is becoming more deeply involved than just a fast glance.
Sherlock’s mind recoils from the thought. He allows Redbeard, puffing from his run here, but not as badly as last week, to walk a few meters away from the cliff edges. Sherlock looks over at the sea, grey and dark blue, capped with white as waves tumble over to eat at the island.
“You’re old.”
Behind them is the hard pounding of sea-hooves turned into something solid, so Sherlock takes a big handful of Redbeard’s mane to keep the iron lengths from whipping and distracting him. Leaning low, Sherlock pushes his heels into the horse’s side -
John sets down his drink, upper lip wet. “Not any personally, but some of the lot at the Yard know some fishermen.” He rubs his chin.
There, an opening in the crowd of tall horses, and Sherlock guides Redbeard through, panic cloying horribly in his ribs, sticking his lungs together. The sand looks different from the finish line as it did from the beginning. It’s the same beach, empty now, pummeled by
“You could practically be Shakespeare himself, you know.”
Skarmouth in the dark is entirely different than the one during the day, where weak light can reach even the deepest of alleyway corners. Night washes the whole town in blue - the paper lanterns waver and clink in the soft breeze, glowing bright on telephone wires overhead. All of the buildings press against each other and peer into the endless cobblestone beneath them, clinging to the cliffs.
“Yeah?” John’s rasps, and it sounds an awful lot like something he said last night. The tone coaxes a shudder from Sherlock’s bare shoulders as John’s thumb rubs the nape of his neck.
The fire of a gunshot reports through the air, crackling like lightning, booming like thunder, and Sherlock’s sure he’s just had several heart attacks simultaneously. At once, the chestnut horse rears, forelegs flailing and neck curving and it’s screaming, Hope jerks, and so Sherlock bolts.
“Yes. It’ll be simple to discern who did this, and someone did do it purposefully, not the baker, you idiot, when the specific type of poison is revealed. Importation records and all of that.”
and Gladstone’s screaming, in a way that makes John himself sound much less heroic than what he had really been, and Sherlock much more.
“I was legitimately asking.”
“Hypothermia could still get me,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock kicks at Redbeard, but the horse squeals and rears, and threatening to throw Sherlock off. He hangs on tightly, pulling on his mane, and jolts with the landing so hard that it makes his teeth clack together. Then he’s sitting up, and pulling back the reins so Redbeard won’t go running off again, because he doesn't need to see
“Missus Hudson isn't your mother.”
Some of the shells are bigger and white, and are not shells, but bones. Sherlock spies a man’s scapula, and another human femur across the sandy floor, pushed up against the rocks where the waves have left them, covered in seaside growths and the remnants of algae.
“Right. Just. Stay away from the cliffs.” The only warmth in the air comes from John’s breath, flattening over the back of Sherlock’s ear and neck.
Men crow out whoops and hollers in the tavern when they notice the chalk addition, excited by the champion’s participation.
“I like Shakespeare, and- hey! I never mentioned his first name--”
Mycroft had fallen off the radar before, and it was gradual, but guilt and curiosity was worsening in Sherlock’s feverish mind. He fumbled with the postcards and letters Mycroft had since been sending to him. All speaking of mainland governmental affairs that Sherlock had no interest in.
In the light of the office, it gleams as the hair off of wet ponies in the sun.
. This impossible thing needs to happen - Sherlock needs it, badly.
The man’s fingers are curled in agony. Lestrade also has noted this down on his small leather pad of paper that he holds in gloved hands. Always insisting on gloves. The texture of everything is lost with gloves but can reveal great things, sometimes.
“I showed you. Thisby, the islanders, the sea, and Gladstone.” It’s a beautiful response, something Sherlock was very much not expecting. A writer to the core. John means,
“Okay,” John says, “Come with me.”
Three men dropped from a cliff, hanging out a broadside window and into the ocean - in another time, one of them would be destined to graze John. John did nothing.
“Family needs a funeral on the mainland. He's already on his own ferry.”
Sherlock adores it. He flattens the expression on his face to conceal this fact. “This book holds a
They’ll have fifty lengths on Redbeard before they make it to the outcropping, no matter how something as big as Gladstone shouldn't be able to run this swiftly. Determined, Sherlock whips the reins against Redbeard’s neck. Sherlock jerks his heels so hard his muscles hurt. It’s barely of any use - Watson is still far, far ahead. They’re going to be annihilated in this run. A strain of hopelessness pumps through Sherlock's arms that ache with holding the weight of Redbeard's speed.
“--once the forward payments Mycroft made to you run out next year, and you don't make enough on your teapots to make your own payments, so he’s going to take the house unless you find a way of making more money--”
He should’ve closed it. He should’ve locked all the doors they traveled through.
“You wouldn’t…?” John prompts. Sherlock shakes his head, wet curls flopping on his forehead and making him more upset at their condition. He does not want to answer. “Okay,” John breathes out, “Okay. That’s fine, Sherlock. Let’s… can you walk in the doorway, please?”
Sherlock
Sherlock barely holds his viper’s tongue, striding confidently down the hallway much the same as he did with John in tow under the cover of darkness, brushing past a few officers as he goes that have long since stopped asking who he is and what he’s doing here.
Redbeard’s reins are tethered to the
Sherlock scrambles up and retreats to the kitchen. He turns off the Bunsen burner and finds a roll of masking tape. When he returns to the sitting room, he peels off thick strips and pushes the drawbridge up, taping it in place. He will not have a tiny man running about the flat.
The image on it sets itself into Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock smirks against embarrassment, and replies, “I didn’t know it was the hard way when I started on it.”
; the world explodes into movement.
. “Agreements change. They’re
Moriarty reaches out, and slips his hand to Sherlock's wrist, giving it a firm squeeze that Moriarty allows to linger. Disgust rises in Sherlock's throat, then he begins to taste it on the back of his tongue. Moriarty pulls away, and turns around.
“Well,
“They say you're trying to study these
is shaking. So is Redbeard. The difference is the
"Ah, sorry, sir," she says, putting her magazine down. She gets off the stool and presses a button in the booth. "They started coming through a few hours ago. Chemsworth's to the left and down the street." The barrier groans open slowly, and Sherlock strolls through. "Do you know what's on?" She asks after him.
They should go off together now, leave and find a place to sit very quietly, very closely. Sherlock should come up with his own way to keep John down come the day of the Races.
“I think you’d better leave,” John interrupts. His thumb leaves the side of the gun to audibly cock the hammer, drawing it straight back.
He exits the shop, the bell tinkles above his head, and Redbeard snorts at him from the post, betrayed Sherlock’s spent money but not bought anything for him. Sherlock checks that his reins are fixed properly on the post above the trough, and pats the red stallion’s shoulder. Redbeard stomps that hoof as if Sherlock were an annoying fly. Sherlock reaches up and pulls on his ear, and the stallion swings his head, hindered by the confines of the reins, to shove his nose against Sherlock’s chest, huffing warm breath out over Sherlock’s waistcoat, and all is forgiven.
“Do you want to sit?” John asks, not looking at him and drawing a new circle around the water horse. He doesn’t even look tired, Sherlock notes. John gestures then to the cliffs, and holds up his thermos.
“I am not finished with the beer.”
“Lestrade,” Sherlock instructs, dazzled by John’s insight, “do some research on what whaling could be going on by the coves and the southeast end of the Island, there’s bound to be something illegal going on there. John,” here, another pause, because he’s still absolutely floored by what John has done. He almost worried he’d have to revisit some of his old allies on the island, those in the community the victim was seemingly a part of, and ask what might’ve been going on. “Absolutely brilliant.”
It’s obvious from this statement that the thief from the other night slipped it into the evidence locker before looking for the files.
The rest of the riders give themselves to Thisby. Sherlock has his head down, lingering at the edges of the crowds, prepared to make his escape.
Sherlock wants to retreat.
“Where are you
John sees him. He crouches by the edge of the bed, awash in distress. “Hey.”
“What are you doing here?” Watson asks. It is a question, not a demand. Sherlock’s spine goes rigid all the same.
When he looks up, John--
“Nothing,” John says, “She was old.”
“Jefferson Hope happened,” Sherlock snaps, and he yanks on one side of the reins until Redbeard gets the message and pulls away from Gladstone’s side, where he appears to have been stuck. It’s cold, wet, and he just wants to get home. Perhaps he’ll catch influenza, or a cold, and he’ll have a legitimate excuse to not get out of bed on the day of the Races--
John waits until Henry has exited the paddock before turning the mare loose. The boards here are studded with iron. She won’t go near the edges. Wistfully, he wonders what it would be like to set her free.
None of the three of them say anything about the fact that Moriarty was very much not done, if the many island ponies and
It’s not Mary looking at the dog before she tore it apart, all predator and blood. But it’s still glazed-over interest. John should not trust Gladstone. He does.
“Bloody hope you learnt something from that castle of yours.”
Another loud shout by the door, indecipherable language. Sherlock grumbles to himself, and sits finally, putting elbows up on the bar and drawing a notebook out of his coat where it was kept. He didn’t bring his newspaper with the cuttings of when John was trampled in the Races, people might think he was obsessed with the champion. Or something like that.
In a red hat, dead, lays the man that purchased the box of tarts from Hooper’s this morning. There's still some lipstick on him.
Stopping, Sherlock glances up at the black
.” John had more correctly followed him home, like a lost puppy! God, he could come back from the loo any time and find his landlady talking about— about that! With them! Together!
He always paid Sherlock’s rent and Redbeard’s board to Mrs Hudson. It came in the monthly post.
“I have to go and help,” John says, leaning close, “I know what to do. They need me.”
“I had friends.”
These ones are recognizable. There are some displayed at Saint Columba’s, the church in Skarmouth where Stamford attends. At the church, they’re behind thick glass with plaques regarding the names of racing
It’s only around twenty minutes later, when he has reached the high cliffs by the racing beaches, that he starts to wonder this, John not immediately being present, is retribution for his absence several days ago.
“This is where I walk, Johnny.”
Sherlock is just about ready to agree to anything. He nods frantically, unsure of what he’s nodding to, and John sits back on his knees. Sherlock grasps the pillow by his head for purchase, wringing the material, finally getting a visual on John’s cock. Red colors his face, as if he isn’t meant to be looking. It’s a solid length, firmed and
The church is very old, maybe the oldest building on the island. There are some stables at the Stockyard that are around as old, evidence that people of Thisby had kept the water horses and the island ponies as long as they had worshipped a god under the sun. It's a weekday, and there isn't mass, but the church’s doors are open, as always. Coloured sunlight streams through the large stained glass window far above the altar before him. It’s a fair day outside.
The waves are unbroken.
“John, the photographs,” Sherlock says without looking up.
Then, a page on racers. Questions surround the name of a racer that Sherlock had almost forgotten about.
Moriarty pauses for dramatic effect. Then, he says, “I could say the same for you. You’re too meek. About this, of course. About
o catch the attention of your feeble little mind, Sherlock. Oh, how many robberies and murders in Skarmouth or Tholla I tried to lay out for you. But that isn’t what it took you to be interested, is it?”
Lestrade puffs, working with his tongue. “The, the, the… the beaches…?”
Bells ring around Gladstone’s ankles, as if he were a dancer at the Scorpio festival, and his hooves wobble before each step, afraid to touch the earth each time. His ears press foward, shivering and tired as he strains against the magic of the golden chain woven close to his face.
It’s like the night in the sitting room. He finds himself daydreaming about how to prolong this encounter, because the other night did not last long enough to satisfy Sherlock.
Even now, as quiet as he is, Gladstone’s black, square pupil turns in his eye to regard him.
On the street, Lestrade urgently climbs out of his police car and steps up onto the curb. He doesn’t pause for a second on the pavement before he disappears under the overhang of Speedy’s, approaching the door to 221. Sherlock hasn’t even seen him close and already, this must be about the case.
Sherlock glances over the kitchen table, spread with mainland magazines, some that boast sales of Mrs Hudson’s painted teacups. There are newspapers, and some of Sherlock’s personal clippings of old racing reports that Mrs Hudson has dug out from somewhere. The evidence states that Mrs Hudson must be planning on attending the Races.
“I do know it.”
“It’s… alright,” Sherlock manages.
“Ow!” He exclaims, pulling back his hand, stung. Examining the tip of his pointer finger, Sherlock finds a drop of blood, red and welling up.
Someone snags his shoulder, dragging him back around the slots and down to his knees with rigid strength and a bump. It’s John — his dark blue eyes focused on the door, which is visible through the wooden compartments, just the faintest gleam in his eyes from the very faint light coming from the hallway windows. They are situated between the compartments and many of the boxes, some open and apart from Sherlock’s efforts.
shrieked, breaking the ubiquitous spell that had fallen and shaking the world into action once more - the horses ran, the birds flew, the gamblers shook their fist. It swung back around to rip apart and devour its fallen rider, the ocean spraying at the bony tendons in its prancing legs.
Sherlock holds out John before him, addressing him at eye-level. John brushes off his cloak, a habit that Sherlock reads off of him. Sherlock says, “We have five minutes before everyone else comes back in. You have five minutes to prove you are what you say you are.”
It’s filled with empty bar stools and tables during the day, and when the sun dips beneath the horizon, it fills with seedy people that stay long into the night.
“And you must've believed no one in the world would stop you…” Hope goes on. The man beside him grins devilishly. There's only Hope and that man next to him, he's not even sure who it is, but Sherlock knows he's not good news, and he's not going to help. He's here with Hope. He's here with Hope.
no equal. Nothing but bleak island air and mystical killer horses, no one special to shower his attentions upon.
. Then it went over the cliffs, most likely taking the body with it.”
There is an overly loud
“Do you ever think they’ll bite you?” Henry asks, high up on the white
death.” Yes, people like when you acknowledge a young person shouldn’t have died so young.
John’s eyes widen a little, and then go back to the way they’d been before, relaxed from the drink. Inevitably, he is thinking of how he was fired and then, Sherlock presumes, re-hired with the incentive of Gladstone as a prize. Only, John has no knowledge that it was Sherlock who bargained for him.
It’s low tide, Sherlock notes with a sniff of the afternoon air, all salty breeze and wind throwing sand at his cheeks, reddening them. The water is crept back further than usual from the cliffs, exposing more of the island. Sharp, toothy rocks near the shore and stones smoothed by the waves further out, the occasional spot of sunlight gleaming off their cold, wet sides.
Redbeard ambles along, and Sherlock scans the horizon, half-hoping and half afraid of what he might find.
“It's practically a monsoon,” Sherlock groans. John’s mouth turns into a wobbly upwards line. He casts his eyes down and the line becomes a shy smile.
Gladstone’s serpentine head rises above the waves, a black smack of darkness, and he disappears.
His cry rises to fill the space vacated by his contender, a clear territorial marker.
hardly even able to return the pressure against his mouth— sweet and
would catch them.  And he wouldn't want to give Hope an excuse to chase them. He can imagine the excuses. ‘
Cause of death for the mare - anything done to her - something, something,
before, let alone from two of them. Yet, even if all three of them were set on foot on the earth, Sherlock would still be at odds, would still be threatened. "Is this your way of getting rid of me?"
Sherlock wrinkles his nose. “With only the envelope, we won’t catch him.”
It was another casual show of power and manipulation - a display to broadcast how easily Moriarty can infiltrate the bakery.
“I read a play.”
“You’ve said this is the sword from your figurine,” Sherlock notes. Something about John’s worried demeanor unnerves his core. “It isn’t with you when you’re - real?”
Confused, Lestrade supplies, “Women?”
“--lit….-el close!” John’s voice cuts through, lapses punctured by the wind. Does John want him closer to the cliff edge? Highly unlikely - the sun is orange, half in the sky, half behind the water, but Sherlock keeps looking forward, focusing on the outcropping that they once left far behind, coming up again with tremendous swiftness. A flock of white gulls cry out, flying beside them on the edge of the cliffs, keeping pace with them for but a moment before they fall far, far behind, farther with every half-stride.
Is this, kissing John, the
It’s Jefferson Hope. “Sherlock Holmes cannot race!”
Next, his scar, just as perfect as the rest of John, all the more beautiful as it is interesting. The worry takes over, the horrible, unending wondering, the grisly mental images of John’s accident from last year. Drowned, eaten, thrown, torn apart, broken, crumpled on the beach.
“What other things?”
It’s as if nothing were ever down there.
The phrasing is what makes this statement a killer. Watson would have to argue with him, because Sherlock will most definitely insist upon it, just to keep the conversation going. This conversation, said from the backs of a predator and a prey animal, with such extreme highs and lows, awkward silences, and things that Sherlock can’t understand.
He has been so preoccupied with Moriarty, with the murder cases that share no connection but must be somehow related, with John and Redbeard that he had not remembered Magnussen, who would be down on the racing beaches with him in only a few days.
“And then you went down the next week.” John plucks a button, undoing it. “I couldn’t stop myself from running into the water. It seems so foolish to look back at it, but I’d do it a hundred times over.”
Sherlock shouts, jerking backwards, mouth opening and the cigarette landing in his lap. The figurine has assumed its pose, hand on hip, other down by his side. Only, the lowered hand is holding a gleaming dagger, absolutely tiny.
John is pulling Gladstone off to the side to make way for the other riders, coming in fast, pushing his heels into Gladstone’s lean belly and asking for a quick movement. Sweat and saltwater make Gladstone’s mane cling to his neck, and his tail to his flanks and hind legs. Even from the sea, Sherlock can tell just how much this race has affected the water horse, his head is snapping every which way, teeth bared around the metal bit in his mouth, lips wrinkled back to hiss like an eel at the pole in the water, searching for something to fight with. His eyes are white all the way around square black pupils, and John’s heels are doing nothing.
“Every day,” John answers, tying another knot into her mane. He takes the lead rope, pulling her up. “I try not to let them.”
“Lestrade did not process the evidence himself, that much is clear. He was going on about the racing season when I arrived this morning, how busy the station was with the gamblers and the pickpockets. No time. So, another officer processed it, and that would be Moriarty’s individual on the inside, the one who stole the letter from the body and would have access to the locker to replace it for us to find, without the chance that Lestrade would open it. He won’t have been in since that night, didn’t want to risk our recognizing him, and his absence will have been noted, so he will be relatively easy to track down.”
Sherlock’s brows knit together, and he stops trying to read John’s familiarity with cats. “What’s funny?”
John stills over Sherlock. Sherlock cracks open an eye to determine whether or not that’s the wrong thing to say. John’s looking at him, which shouldn’t embarrass him so much, given the fact that he was likely already doing that, but the gaze impales Sherlock and set his cheeks flaming anew, anyways. A perplexed tilt lifts his brows.
He hadn’t known that John had it with him when he came here, or when he went to the tavern last night, but it makes sense, sort of. He may have been recording Mary’s sprinting times, or something akin to that, or just everyday barn life at the Stockyard. Maybe even some thoughts of his about the Races.
(Why does he miss every warning sign?)
“Just tried to get me out of the Races,” Sherlock informs John, “Nothing new. You can see the cliff edges from where you shot, you saw what happened.”
“My condition is this: you will not race, if I allow Johnny to buy that horse from me if he wins. I know what you desire, and I know what he desires.”
The chill presses up against Sherlock, as if it leaks in from invisible cracks in the wall, but his face is flushed. Notebooks and veterinary texts are spilled over the countertop and the chair by the woodstove in the corner, and the flat holds a scent of old paper and tea. The bed is meticulously made, Sherlock notes with interest, with the pillows pushed up by the headboard. Did John expect to have company?
It looks like a messy rip in the side of her neck, but Sherlock, dressed in his long woolen coat and dress shoes to combat the wind that’s funneling through all the alleyways in Skarmouth today, sees it for the neat handiwork it actually is when he pushes her short hair aside. Clouds rush along overhead, and Donovan glares and folds her arms across her chest while Lestrade notes something about the wind and how he has better ways to spend today than leaning over a bloody corpse.
The ocean laps at Redbeard’s knees, shhhh, shhhh…
Hm. He’d have to edit around the parts where John is a magic knight from another reality. Maybe Sherlock can write him as some competent detective’s companion.
"Oh, you've brought your pet to play a role. I didn't know that was allowed."
Sherlock’s face heats, “My shirts are not tight.”
“Ah - no, there isn’t, which is… exactly what I’m saying.”
How is this going to work? How will he even get one? Never mind
The twisted leather in his hands, however soft and worn it is, is a hundred times sharper than Sherlock’s smooth skin. Colder, too, infinitely colder. It’s been a long time since John has felt the skin of another person, just to feel it.
Sherlock realizes it in the daytime.
He slowly lifts a hand away from one side of her face for his request to be filled.
Heading up the stairs, Sherlock makes his strides purposeful, staying quiet and avoiding the creaky stair. It takes him several long minutes to achieve the look he is after, a capable man with good hair. This last part takes the longest as his curls refuse to stay in place without a lot of product to work against the salt still half-caked in them. They require much care.
wanted.
The Thisby grass is so dry, Redbeard couldn't possibly find it good. He has hay, Sherlock has no clue as to why he insists on eating this stuff. But even the bales are composed of weak Thisby grasses. It's not good food, it's not the sort of food the horses at the Stockyard eat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock swallows, finding his voice high and uneasy. He clears his throat. “Why should it matter that I love him?” He asks, heedful. But he already knows -- Gladstone is an enormous part of John, and yet a separate entitiy entirely. This horse means everything to John, and John likely means very little to it in turn.
John’s expression sobers. “Listen, I… I want you to be careful. We won’t make our move until you make yours.”
wasn’t telling him.
Sherlock shakes his head. Does John think a mere envelope can contain a trap? “Moriarty told Henry to deliver this
never close enough for Sherlock to examine. Neither is the man. Redbeard sways uneasily when Sherlock stops and stares, compelled by the water horse’s strange lure. Sherlock knows, he feels it, too, the lust that the black horse has for the sea. The ordinary stallion below Sherlock is tiny compared to any water horse. Sherlock feels like he could stack Redbeard on top of Redbeard and still be unable to look the black horse in the predatory eye.
John laughs. Sherlock smiles, the tension diffused. The sweat-tinged air settles heavily over them again like a down blanket. John radiates warmth. Sherlock pushes his nose into John’s hair. The scent of woodsmoke and earl grey tea is bright in the room, but deeper, closer, John smells like saltwater and the sand at the shoreline.
He digs into his ratty olive green waistcoat pocket and pulls out something that looks like a necklace, then steps forward to hand it off to the light-haired man, who takes it and presses it against her cheekbone.
Redbeard takes more than twenty lengths to slow to a trot, and a few more to a walk. Sherlock tries to turn him back, but the stallion is gasping through his nose, and so Sherlock lets him twist and turn in his grip. It was a very rigorous workout. Vigorously, Redbeard shakes his head, jostling the reins.
In disbelief, Sherlock breathes, “Really?”
Watson looks surprised at the sound of his voice, and pulls his water horse to a full stop in front of Sherlock. It pulls sidelong in front of Redbeard’s face. It’s so tall and gigantic that Watson’s feet in the metal (not iron, how strange) stirrups could boot up against Redbeard’s muzzle, if there had been any less space between them.
John is not creative, not brilliant as this man whom he loves. Sherlock's been on the phone with a distressed child before - over the fake painting. There has been an imagined dog in a time before. He can't come up with anything original. Recycled. It's all been done.
Expensive shoes click on the wooden floors, then silence themselves as Moriarty steps closer onto plush Persian carpet John is on. Moriarty has rounded the desk to stand before John.
Flowing like water, the giant
Grains of sand prickle his thighs over his breeches, hair blown back. He crouches low over Redbeard’s back, pushing him for speed to breakaway from these horses. Redbeard’s shoulders shiver and quake - he knows where they are. High knees devour the wet sand before them in impossible strides, and the
“I trust Gladstone more than the rest of them. I shouldn't trust him at all.”
. The hoofbeats pound closer.
There's a few moments.
Sherlock will make certain of it.
“Isn't it always?”
Because that’s what John is, isn’t it? Island magic. Soft, whispered, come-alive-at-night magic, that keeps Skarmouth and Tholla safe and the seas so raucous. The magic that calmed Mary, that made Gladstone scream, that has made John such a wild success in the Races.
John’s cheek strengthens the spell whipping thick around them, pressed into Sherlock’s hair and mangling frizzy curls. “Ask him for more,” John whispers, so low it slides under the ripping air. Sherlock’s heels tighten against Gladstone’s rapidly flexing sides, and Gladstone leaps forward, quickening impossibly.
It won't matter how many flowers and tassels one drapes over their steed’s bridle, how hard one tries to hide their ride from the call of the sea; someone will go. Charms will not save the riders, or wits, or any amount of cleverness. Mystical leather polish on a saddle will not, either.
Molly surprises Sherlock by cutting off Lestrade and asking, “Are you going with Watson?”
Father Stamford is back next to him.
“Not yours, either,” Sherlock notes after a moment, with a tilt to his head.
John watches him pull out the lock picks from his pocket. He raises his brow, surprised, the back of his head illuminated by a streetlamp across the way. “Are we not supposed to be here?” He asks, as if suddenly aware they’re breaking and entering. This late notice must be from his whiskey.
Exactly what events have transpired this morning? When he woke up, his only plans for the day were to boil blood and perhaps electrocute frog legs later in the evening. It would have been simple and planned and fine.
“You want to go to the mill for me?” She asks him when he shows up at the bakery. She’s just put a metal pan of cinnamon twists into the oven, and replaced the few stale rolls in the window with a bundle of fresh ones.
A muscle jumps at the corner of John’s jaw. He retracts his shaking left hand, standing abruptly.
His horse isn’t even panting, despite galloping and devouring lengths of the island. And Watson is looking down at him quizzically. The water horse is too close for Redbeard’s comfort. Sherlock tilts his face up, squints against the light that the clouds have relinquished, holding his ground.
The teacup slips in Sherlock’s hand, sloshing over the edges. Hot water burns his hand. “Together?” He asks, settling the cup back into its wet saucer.
“Um, it’s tradition. Family tradition. You open it alone.”
“Only because Comfort’s sea-mad. He lost her three years ago, she's just come up this autumn again.”
Morning is brisk, and the island is uneasy. It feels as though Thisby has curled up into herself to shield from the all-encompassing wind, and Sherlock almost instantly, the moment he steps outside, clean and ready to meet John at the cliffs, has snot running out of his nose, so he makes sure to tuck a handkerchief into his breast pocket.
beginning.
here today? Hm? Yes? Tell him to see me, we’ll discuss her
Or compliment him. John meant to be heard, but Sherlock says nothing in answer.
The chestnut leads the way towards Sherlock. They cross the twenty meter line with no greeting, and then the ten, and then, they are so close, that Sherlock has to resist the petty urge to strike out with a bare hand to shove the horses back, they're in reaching distance and not backing away, because Redbeard is sitting on the edge of panic, hooves shifting nearer to the cliff edges. Redbeard trusts Sherlock too much. Sherlock barely trusts himself to stay still and seated on the iron horse.
The water horse raises its head, opening its mouth to reveal long harrowed teeth, and Sherlock thinks it’s going to scream, but, without even looking, Watson lashes the reins against its slick neck and the water horse tips its neck back again, quelled. Watson focuses on Sherlock. With him holding something so powerful so easily, Sherlock resolves not to lose the rider’s attentions. The wind sings around them, playing up the
It doesn’t smell anything like the blonde mare, who was rotting flesh incarnate. Something wrong, wrong, wrong.
Sherlock solves the case, forgetting about the box once more.
With a bit of an auburn five o’ clock shadow going on down his neck and over his cheeks, John’s blue eyes, dark in the pub’s shadows, stare down at him.
The noise comes once more.
Ah. The cameras, here to film and photograph the Races for the squeamish mainland viewers who couldn’t make it down. Sherlock’s chest does a horrified barrel-roll.
“What a hopeless romantic.”
Something terribly dangerous doesn’t want to be extracted from such an embrace, but Sherlock manages it anyhow. John stirs at several points and so he has to pause, senses dulled by sleep and nightmares, and then he’s out. He needs to look like he’s been up for hours and has forgotten all about John’s hands on his navel. This aloofness will save him from further conversation, and John’s hesitance will stop the champion from asking at all. John is a tentative man in these affairs.
, cleaning his glasses on a handkerchief. Mary throws her head, bells ringing an unseemly note. She is absolutely covered in charms, but they’re useless as she strains for the water. Lestrade is nearby, tying a few last-minute braids into the mane of his
No strange creatures to stab, just children to nick.” Flashes his fingertip for emphasis.
, boast a few more, some half-filled with letters to go out to homes or people or businesses. The old wallpaper, flowers and birds, is peeling near the floorboards. The entire station needs to be redone.
“Magnussen is racing her,” Sherlock points out, remembering Magnussen’s voice at the rider’s parade.
The ocean will command the opposite tomorrow.
He’s never been on a
“You don’t have dragons! You don’t have giants! Stop making things up.”
Sherlock expects John knows the horses because he works with them, as Hope clearly has yet to do. The picture of Hope slacking off at Moriarty’s Stockyard while John does all the hard work makes him dislike Hope even more than he had before. He sniffs, aggravated.
Sherlock nearly shuts the door in his face. He frowns instead.
How can he ask for John to give up something that has been such a staple, such a life-changing movement for him? So that there will be only one of them in danger? How could he ask that of him? He is hardly more than a stranger.
Sherlock holds on.
“She lived alone.” Sherlock investigates her fingertips, the single broken nail with meticulous blue polish. Something near his ear rustles, the scarf pushes into his hair, dislodging tired curls.
And, suddenly, John is giggling, and so is Sherlock, ducking his head and trying to turn away so that John won’t see his face, his pleased expression and the way he can feel the skin scrunching up at his eyes in some sort of wicked glee.
quarrel, like a nest of eels in the coral. They’re quick bites, frantic shrieks, a preamble of what is to come.
“I have told you. Sir John Watson. The Golden Knight. What sort of proof would you like?”
Sherlock can relate to the
The white-calm of adrenaline streaking through his veins, the way Gladstone’s pelt warms and burns to the touch, the utter silence and stillness of all the
The seabirds above cease their chatter.
Lestrade looks at the pair of them, and Sherlock’s heart races with the thrill of the deductions. “You still haven't solved it, Sherlock, who’s done it?”
The long lights on the ceiling illuminate the area more than the sun from outside, which has once more disappeared behind a thick layer of grey clouds, relieving shadows from the walls.
He snaps his jacket on, stuffing his fists into black pockets, and sweeps out of the stable. Sherlock flinches when the doors bang closed after John’s figure.
Hope looks at John. “Watson thinks I don't know how to ride a pony.”
“I don’t think that’s so,” Sherlock says, “But they tend to, when he murders people.” And when he makes light conversation about desiring people’s skulls, and eating their hearts.
He says, “I’ve seen them swim, and the change goes all the way to their bones.”
Darkness has seeped into the stables, illuminated sharply by the light bulbs. The sounds inside are soft, the
Or, no, he definitely has, because he’s Mycroft’s spy and is only
“Can you remember it?”
“Then draw her.”
He walks right into the room, clearly unsure where to step. Each movement is calculated, careful, and considerate, and he doesn’t touch anything he doesn’t intend to take. Sherlock glances to the till, the only one in the entire station, meant for keeping coins exchanged for stamps or sent packages or pickups of magazines.
normal size. I can’t focus on the whole thing at once.”
“And what makes you think I do?” He didn’t see why he would need it, or even want it.
“The island’s entire police force.”
John continues to the small woman, talking to her but focusing on Sherlock’s collar, “He jumped into the quay after evidence papers, does he often do that? I’m sorry, I’m John Watson.”
John didn't matter.
“You should be.”
Weeks ago, she was distraught over the idea of Sherlock joining. Clearly, she has decided that he cannot be talked out of this one. The idea that Mrs Hudson knows him well enough to not try is comforting in a strange manner. She is as stubborn as him.
Sherlock will.
“How do you know?” It's the perfect segue into Sherlock's next point.
if he's going to come out well in the conversation. “I’d, um,” He throws the stutter in there for good measure, “I’d like to work for you. For a short while. Just until the Scorpio Festival.”
“Yes.”
It goes under the black.
Why is this place familiar? Where was that girl in the yellow dress found again? Ah, yes, the same location, almost. Sherlock glances onto the stone street, but there is no trace of the yellow-dress-girl’s blood anywhere. Rainy Thisby has washed it away more than the clean-up team could've, it beat out the blood from the rocks and the gravel.
“Yeah.”
Redbeard reacts immediately, his hooves stomping hard as he prances in place, getting ever closer to the cliff edge. A howl of strengthening wind sends him skittering dangerously close to the cliff edge. For a moment, Sherlock sees the hump of the cliff grass where it falls over the edge of the rock, toward the froth of the surging ocean far below. He feels the timeless, swimming sensation of possibility.
Sherlock is promptly interrupted by his landlady, who has since been chattering.
Mrs Hudson cuts in,
Skin like wet gold, smothered fury like a violent tide.
Like terns in the spring, they’ve returned to the cliffs. Sherlock isn’t sure of the direction of the late afternoon from here, whether he’s expected to leave John alone or continue with their rendezvous. Redbeard isn’t here, there’s no training for Sherlock to be done. He will be on the beach a few mornings from now.
Sherlock does not get the opportunity to pull on his trousers - his legs would get stuck in them, anyway. John pulls a towel from the bottom drawer of his dresser and hands it off to Sherlock. Sherlock wraps it around his waist and tucks the corner into the top so that it will stay.
“Which mare?” John asks, before moving to the girth strap. Sherlock has always found it funny, how long the girth strap has to be for it to loop around the big bellies of the massive horses. The saddles looks like toys atop the beasts, but they are as big and real as Redbeard’s.
John shifts on the sofa, letting his legs tip over the side and feet pushed to the ground. Once there, he reclines into the back cushions. He hesitates, then… pats the space next to him. It's almost invisible in the dark. Sherlock wouldn't believe it was meant for him to see if John didn't catch his eye a brief moment later, and repeat the motion, with his whole hand, softly, instead of a few fingers. A soft thump of the cushion.
A sudden, loud wail pierces the brittle air.
John smiles knowingly, watching Sherlock with a taken expression, his eyes all soft at the edges in the dim light of the glowing embers. “Stop what?”
Sherlock takes a long breath through his nose. Antiseptic. Lemon antiseptic. And it is everywhere - worse than the flowers outside. His fingers itch to open up all the windows in the house. How could anyone have lived with such a horrendous overflow of smells and sights? His flat smells like chemicals and stale tea and dust motes and sheet music, none of this artificial nonsense.
Parsing this, Sherlock again turns away. How disturbing that Moriarty is, he recalls the way Moriarty had taken his hand at the beach the day Hope was killed, the sweat and uneasy desperation, the
It’s only biology, he thinks, hair matting with moist sand, it’s only biology that they love the water so much. Misunderstood   and secretive and savage biology.
“Forty-
Sherlock’s heart is in his throat.
“Oh, Sherlock, it's so nice you've found someone!”
“No, I
She looks up at the sound of the bell chiming above the door that Sherlock holds open for John. “Oh, Sherlock,” she says. She points a slim finger to the back, where Sherlock can hear Archie clattering baking sheets. “I can go get him for you.”
From inside, small, brackish and shriveled seeds tumble. A few fall to his floor. Sherlock holds them between his fingers, squinting at their shape and color. Suddenly, the fact that he holds this envelope without gloves is incriminating. He replaces the seeds and holds it up to his nose and takes a long sniff.
out there!” John snaps back. His grip on Sherlock’s hand tightens, and Sherlock can sense how the situation is grating on him. He shoots a look to the short man. The unnamed man promptly drops the handles and sprints off to do some undetermined task.
submerges and draws him down with it.
He turns back to John as Lestrade is swallowed into the crowd of drunken townsfolk, contrasted heavily in the overhead lights. The bags under his eyes don’t seem too bad, but that stubble over his neck looks itchy. And handsome. And a bit red, because John has been methodically scratching at some of it throughout the night. Now, Sherlock hears his nails rasp over his skin and hair.
