‘This is very kind of you, Mr Holmes, very kind indeed.’ Professor Moriarty came forward, holding out a hand which when I shook it, reminded me disagreeably of a day-old corpse’s. Watson, I am convinced, also shuddered at his salutation, although he passed it off with a stifled sneeze, his cold increasing sadly upon him. ‘And Dr Watson: how delightful to see you again. Are you enjoying the concert? The young composer is a very dear protégé of mine: I am intrigued to know what you think of his work. The violinist also is quite a favourite. His fingering – ah, it is masterful - quite masterful, and I assure you his  - vibrato -  is exquisite. He is a singer, too: I have found none with greater oral expertise. I would be interested to know your opinion, Mr Holmes, as an – expert - in  - fingering - yourself.’ He turned, and poured wine into two glasses.
The briefest of touches to my shoulder, his hand left mine, and he was gone, his tread decided, almost military, on the stair.
These words are familiar to me, but not from any other book. The account of the Dublin Castle trials had just such covert movements: what would any respectable man be doing walking the streets at such a time?’
‘Have you ever wondered,’ said he then, turning to look at me, ‘what it is which draws one human soul to another? What is it that makes one heart incline to another, without rhyme or reason? I speak not of the body’s attraction, for attraction is not half of it, but of a mysterious fine thread of sympathy, of a deep affinity, which will not be denied . . .’
A rapid train of deduction presented me with a picture of Mrs Hudson’s clumsy maid of all work, and the stiff brush, and the threadbare coat . . . and an apologetic Mrs Hudson, and an irate Watson, and  . . . oh, the duplicity of woman! What can a man do against it? We are helpless in their toils when they so choose.
‘I do not say you did, Holmes. I said if – if this were personal to you, then your anxiety and distress would be most comprehensible. But whether it is personal or not, whether you tell me the reason for your distress or not, whether there is any reason for your anxiety that I am allowed to know, or not, it would make no difference to my affection for you what that reason was. I am your friend, plain and simple. Were you Cornwall himself, and I your friend, my answer to any slur about you, any difficulty you were in, or any information you chose to give me would be the same as Kirwan’s when he was asked in the trial whether he would row in his friend’s boat, or that of the detective, Meiklejohn. He answered that he would sink or swim with his friend, and so he should have done, and so would any man of honour.’
I could not believe what I was hearing: almost I might have called him craven, although I knew he was not so. Was he truly suggesting that I should give up my work, my practice, carefully cultivated, my working with Scotland Yard, for a few lines in an act that would, no doubt, be honoured more in the breach than the observance? It appeared that he was, for after another hesitation, he went on,
‘It is curious.’ I traced his name upon his hand, and felt him smile. ‘You say ‘God knows’, yet you do not believe?’
I took the note from the silver tray. As I thought, Mycroft had bestirred himself, and was making enquiries for me: I could afford to be easier with Gregson then. It would not serve us to estrange him completely from our cause, but he needed to be taught to question his sources and informants, and not theorise ahead of his data, a fault too often found in the men of the Yard.
‘I did not know, not for a very long time, not until the end, in fact. I could not suspect, it was such a heinous crime. She was frightened at first when she was home, and she sang no more, but became completely mute. Then after a while she seemed quieter and I thought they were going on better together. He was kinder to her, seemed to be taking an interest in her for the first time. He would stroke her hair, or throw her a sweetmeat. Sometimes she fawned on him, more often she shrank from him, but then that had always been her way, to be changeable, and start like a hare at noises no-one heard, or things no-one sensed. But he had stopped beating her, you see, so I counted that as a gain, and thought better of him. For he seemed, although grieving, to be quieter himself, as if the great storm had wrecked our house, and rolled on, uncaring, leaving stillness in its wake. But then it came again, and much louder, more violent, more destructive than before.'
'Wipe your face, then you will be less affected: you need to distract your senses, take the - it is an olfactory hallucination, I suppose - away. The mind plays tricks when it is shocked and in pain.'
“If it were now to die,” I thought, as I paused for breath, my mind leaping to a completely different writer, “If it were now to die, ‘twere now to be most happy, for my soul hath her content so absolute” . . . oh, John, John. I do so love you.
‘That was a – strange – interlude – said Watson to me, as we travelled back on the train the following day. ‘I do not see that we did any good there other than to emphasise what the Judge already thought. And I do not like that he will still condemn the act between men, simply because he thinks he must. It is not the way to promote understanding or kindness, and yet, what if he were to express a contrary opinion? He would receive obloquy from all sides.’
The Ragged Cat was Boscombe's first coaching inn, dating from 1784. It underwent many metamorphoses, including being a drug den, and closed only a few years ago.
‘No? The passage I quoted goes on a little further, you know.’ He raised his voice a little, declaiming. ‘ “
‘Could this be written by an American? “Dear Boss” is not a particularly British appellation, do you not think, Lestrade? And here, “they won’t fix me”, “down on whores”, “shan’t quit ripping.” None of this is the colloquial speech of the common or garden Londoner. When he addresses his superiors, he inevitably does so as “Sir”, if he chooses to at all. I would expect to see “they won’t catch me,” “I hate whores” rather than “I’m down on whores” and “I won’t stop” rather than “I shan’t quit.” There are falsities here – perhaps deliberate -  but I would not be surprised to find that your man had been to America. And “Jack the Ripper!” The height of melodrama, but these crimes are not melodramatic. They are cold and cruel, and unspeakably evil.’ I handed the vile thing back in its wrapper. ‘Abberline, do you believe this  - this letter is NOT a hoax? I cannot reconcile the words, the tone, the orthography, the syntax or the hand of write – or even the cadence, if you read the thing aloud: does the native, or even the naturalised Londoner speak thus? - with the murders as we have seen them. I cannot detect a European cadence either.’
I assented to his remarks – and listened to him into the bargain, for he was an astute commentator, with an intelligent manner of parsing and analysing the reports he read, - but I was more concerned, myself, with charting the machinations of Adam Worth. Worth’s traces - as I agreed with the lugubrious Inspector Shore – could be seen everywhere: if there was a jewel theft of significance, I could have wagered on him being involved. September brought a case – in which I was involved, through my former association with Julius Wernher - of diamond theft in Paris. One Henry Fabre, a diamond merchant of hitherto unblemished reputation, approached two or three Parisian merchants of diamonds, asking to be lent jewellery on approval to take to Marseilles, to be shown to a Greek prince there, about to be married to a daughter of one of Marseilles’ most wealthy families. The exquisite parures duly lent, and transported to Marseilles by this well-known and trusted merchant, they disappeared thence into thin air, as did their bearer -  and all in all, when the complete number of merchants thus robbed was discovered, diamonds to the value of sixty-six thousands of francs had vanished. The Greek Prince of course, did not exist.
The Earl of Durham’s Nullity case against his wife, Ethel Milner, is exactly as reported. Lady Sheffield was one of the main witnesses for the defence. It took weeks to research everything, including contacting a couple of County Archivists. The judge’s summing up made it clear where his sympathies lay. Ethel Milner remained in custody until just before she died in 1931, aged 71. Her ‘crime’ was not just her refusing a marital relationship, but not talking to the doctors in a suitably emollient and submissive fashion: she persistently stonewalled their questions, and they became spiteful. I referenced this case, because there had to be a start point and a reason for so many women coming to Holmes and Watson for help.
I told my distinguished visitors, with some sorrow, that they should prepare for war, for given the facts as presented to me, it seemed impossible that it should not happen. It was clear that the document had been taken nearer to the seven-thirty when Hope put it in his despatch-case, then the eleven-thirty when he and his wife had retire to rest: that being the case, where could it be now? Anywhere, as I told them as I escorted them downstairs. I should have to run around now, and find the agents to whom such a valuable piece of writing might be sold, and do by utmost to remedy their loss.  Being assured that I had the nearly limitless resources of the British Treasury at my command – which made me smile for I was convinced by something Mycroft had once let slip that they were by no means as limitless as represented - I returned to our drawing room contemplating ways and means, and informed Watson that I should be calling on Oberstein, La Rothiere and Eduardo Lucas. He informed me at once that I would not be calling on the latter, and I found myself halted in my nascent quest by the news of his death.
Those were the early days at the end of the '80's when Alec MacDonald was far from having attained the national fame which he has now achieved. He was a young but trusted member of the detective force, who had distinguished himself in several cases which had been intrusted to him. He was a silent, precise man with a dour nature and a hard Aberdonian accent, and although I was not, it had to be said, prone to friendship, I found him tolerable: respectful always, eager to learn, and a frank, honest man upon whom one could rely. We had come across him twice before during our sojourns in Scotland, and it was, indeed, on my recommendation that he had joined the Yard.
‘I am sorry to hear it, Watson. Professional men should endeavour to settle their differences in the interests of the profession, I feel. Our good Lestrade is as honest a son of England’s church as ever stepped, and I an infidel, yet when we disagree he does not call me one, nor slap my face, and nor do I feel compelled by his insults to challenge him to a duel. Yes, that is a poor state of affairs. What will you do tomorrow then?’
'I do indeed. If I foxed her for a moment with my poor ruse, then she deprived me sorely of my triumph with hers: it is such a something-and-nothing to have determined the whereabouts of the photograph, yet failed of it at the last, and her dealing in it was wholly admirable. I honour her beyond all others of her sex: 'I love and am loved by a better man than he', she wrote to me. What a snub for the wretched monarch! With what disdain did she treat his cowardly equivocation: I wholeheartedly commend it! It was an excellent thought of hers, too, to disguise herself and to pay me back in my own coin - no woman I have come across would have done it, or done it so well. Some might compassionate her husband, seeing him matched to such an enterprising mind, to such a superb brain, and fearing for his marital authority in the face of it, but I do not, for I would not so demean either him or her. I hope, however, that she respects him truly, and to lasting effect, for such a woman is not to be trifled with. She will determine her own destiny, will-he, nill-he and it would be well for him not to seek to cross her."
The Reigate Squires is one of the few Holmes and Watson stories that can be dated exactly. As I said in the last notes, the English premiere of “Leila”, now known as “The Pearl Fishers” fits exactly between the end of the “Maupertuis Affair” and the Reigate Squires.
‘Hush, it will not do to mention his name. Or hers, poor girl. Johnson abhors your kind, Lestrade: if he knew you knew of him, I would not be able to keep him. Suffice it to say that the other Kitty - Kate – the Countess of Euston, I should say – has a fondness for her former sisters in . . . trade, and is not the most discreet of personages. It is not much blown about yet, is it, the proposed divorce? I see nothing in the press to date.’
‘I was not the one in need of instruction.’ He looked at me quizzically. ‘Do you think me one of those men who tell others, but cannot do the thing themselves?’
‘That we were not to deny each other. That if a man who loved another man, who trusted in him with all his soul – were willing to give all – to brave the danger – to brave the world – to be everything, body and soul to the man he loved – that you would not think it wrong to share with him . . .’
Holmes, Holmes, there has never been a man like you. When I returned from the war, I thought there was nothing for me, that I would never have friends more. And then there you were: my miracle.’
‘I think it is likely you will meet him quite soon: it must have been he who directed the Premier and Trelawney Hope to our door after all. He is a singular man. He – he lives very much – a – life not like other men, perhaps.’
Watson bowed over each lady's hand with his usual courtesy. I preferred coffee to Madeira, but they were persuaded to take a glass, and I noticed that Watson, having cast a rapid eye over Mrs Barclay, was quick to coax her to eat the dainty chicken sandwiches Mrs Hudson had supplied. Miss Morrison, for all her ethereal slimness displayed a hearty appetite and seconded Watson in urging Mrs Barclay to eat.
Several times I wondered whether there would be a resolution.  It seemed so close, and yet . . . it did not. On our penultimate day there, I was investigating a dictionary I had not seen before, looking particularly for words related to the sea, that I might compare them to the Cornish words I knew, for growing up on the coast, it was with those I was most familiar.
‘Hear me out, Holmes, I beg you. If you had a personal interest in it – if you knew, or knew of, or had friends in the past, or now, who were inverts, as I have had, if you had members of your family who were inverts, if, God forgive me for even trespassing upon your privacy like this, you had, in the past when you were a boy had – experiences – as so many boys do at boarding school – ’
My headache was not, in fact, better in the morning, or for several mornings after that, but increased most vilely upon me, accompanied by a touch of fever. Throughout the ensuing week, Watson cared for me diligently: never had man a better nurse, tender and capable, firm and kind. I was not very seriously ill, but felt languid and disinclined for exertion, and willing to let the world wander along on its own for a time. Watson let his work go hang for all but the poorest patients (whom he would never abandon on any account) and we sat companionably by the fire, reading the Persian ghazals of Hafez in Whinfield’s translation, and comparing his new rendering of the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam unfavourably to Fitzgerald’s.
‘Do you, my dear?’ He kissed my brow, then my cheek. ‘So do I, I confess. I feel so deep a tenderness for you it seems natural to do this.’
‘I know of him: indeed, I have his Introduction to the Study of Dante,’ I said, intrigued despite myself. ‘I know he has written ‘Studies of the Greek Poets’ but I was not aware he had touched on ethics.'
‘Why should it? We are – are not – it is not thus – Watson, if what concerns you is that our friendship is  - is fond, and familiar, do not think of it, pray do not so. There is nothing – nothing in – there is nothing. Stay, are you – telling me that – that Dr Agar has insinuated – has had the temerity to - ?’
‘He has moved several amendments now, which are tending to have the opposite effects to those we want. We are struggling to raise the age of consent from twelve for girls: we have forced it up by little and little – every wretched year has been debated from thirteen to fourteen to fifteen  - to sixteen, which at least affords some protection to the abused young.  For Labouchère to attempt to raise it to twenty-one, or even eighteen, is an act of folly at this time: let us get this far and get the damn bill passed, and then work from there. Rome was not built in a day. And at the same time as he does this he rants in parliament at the Bill itself being a license to any woman who wishes to blackmail a man, saying that all she needs to do is cry rape, and the deed is done. He has an unwholesome desire to meddle: I cannot think why I once respected him.’
‘I do.’ Abberline rubbed his chin meditatively. ‘But we are no further with our Whitechapel Murderer.’
‘The wind has been cold: perhaps you are sickening for something. You must wrap up warmly when you go to the Yard, and not stay away too long.  You know, I should very much like a telescope, Holmes; do you indeed think that we might purchase one? That would be capital.’
I love the Rubaiyat. Pour the wine, Holmes.’ He took my hand and looked into my eyes, his own soft and mischievous.
' - or "Mad Jack" Mitton, who once rode a bear into his drawing room - it bit his leg when he spurred it, poor beast, and who can wonder - '
‘Then the army is an ass. It would do better to honour its soldiers’ service by healing and helping them. I am not interested in the army in general, however, but in my own particular Captain and Doctor. Tell me, Watson, if another man were to come to you with your symptoms, what would you recommend?’
'You require a little attention too.' He handed me his pocket-comb, having already restored his own hair to propriety. 'I should think it is about poor Henry Wood. He told me that though he still loved her, he was resolved not to see her again, and unless I miss my guess that does not suit her at all. She loved him once, and if she does not love him still, then she is very near it. But she will need to be patient: her bird will not come to hand easily, I think. His back may be bent, poor fellow - although I have put him in touch with friends of mine, and we will see what we can do to ease his crooked limbs - but his pride will never bend.'
Panic-stricken, I rang the bell for Mrs Hudson, and when she came, implored her to provide some supper for us, and to send Janey to mend the fire . She cast a severe glance around, picked up Watson’s hat and coat from where he had cast them, and tutted over how very wet they were.
‘Well.’ Watson turned and held out his arms. ‘What would you have me say? If any man is allowed to swoon over your interesting features it is I, not he. And as for your parietal fissure, it is his parietal fissure into which I shall be inserting the trephine if I hear any more of his nonsense. Such a tale as he told us! “The footsteps of a gigantic hound,” forsooth, what - what - poppycock! And do not change the subject,’ he added. ‘The Vatican Cameos and the papal encyclical have nothing to do with your present case - although you did well there, as you always do.’
‘Unless I am mistaken you are Laura, Lady Sheffield, my Lady. Pray be seated: Mrs Hudson will bring tea, and then you may be comfortable. I see from your shoes that you have chosen to visit us on foot rather than use your carriage, so I take it that your husband is not aware of this visit. Whatever your need, I can assure you that both my colleague, Dr Watson, and I will treat anything you wish to say to us in the utmost confidentiality.’ I touched her outstretched hand briefly. ‘I am happy that Mrs Hudson has taken good care of you. Are you warm enough, Lady Laura?’
after all. So I must make enquiries as soon as may be, and then I must  -  why are you smiling at me just
‘Lover,’ I supplied, feeling the word resound strangely within me. ‘John is not my – lover – Mycroft – dear God, how hard it is to speak of sentiment, nor you nor I was bred to it – but he is dear to me none the less.  I will not abandon him: do not you abandon your Juventus either. I have – I have never seen you so, so human as you are when you speak of him. Let us both abide what comes, I think. I do not augur as ill of it as you do, perhaps - ’
Mycroft obtained, by what means I know not, a copy of the letter denouncing Watson as the murderer. It was much the same as the denunciation that had been sent to Lestrade, and as well as informing Gregson of Watson’s involvement in Emma Smith’s treatment, it mentioned his being present when Martha Tabram’s corpse was examined. Mary Ann Nichols, this latest victim, who had been partly eviscerated in the most horrific manner, had also attended the clinic to seek treatment for venereal disease, the letter said, although it stopped short of claiming that Watson had treated her. It was thought that medical knowledge would have been needed to do it, and that it had been done by a left handed man, which was why Gregson, confronted with evidence that Watson had at least been nearby when the other two women had been killed, had come straight to us on receipt of the denunciation, hoping, I think, to surprise a confession out of him.
He had taken up his hat, but put it down again and approached me. ‘That is true,’ he said, slowly. ‘Very well, Holmes, in deference to your acuity, I shall be wary of Professor Moriarty. But I do not think he is any other than an academic.’
‘As would I, my dear. And you must not blame yourself: we were both deceived as to the power of the drug. But I am afraid we must embrace secrecy, particularly in this work. For it occurs to me that ‘to ascend the heights of virtue’ is not the only meaning of the Moriarty motto. Another meaning of the noun ‘virtus’ is power. Perhaps it has never been virtue the professor aspires to. Perhaps it is the heights of power he covets, and always has done.’
‘If you may read them, then so may I. I am no puling maid to be shocked by blunt language. Give it to me, Watson.’
‘Holmes, it is hard to prove sodomy: there had to be evidence. And so the death penalty was not often invoked. But this! To pry, as the judge said, into a man’s very bedchamber, to punish even the acts that take place in private, and harm none! It is beyond everything: moreover I fear that it will call everything, all finer feelings, all honest affection between men into disrepute, even – even perhaps . . . And what man would – would harm his – his dear friend by . . .’ He looked away, as if he hesitated, or wondered whether, to say more.
He returned a few moments later with a playing card, which he showed me. ‘This is my party trick,’ he said, smiling slightly. ‘I was always asked to demonstrate it for the new recruits. And it came in handy for establishing my authority: the men are inclined to think little of an army doctor who is not, strictly speaking, a combatant. I have to shoot right handed now though, of course: I am no longer accurate with my left. Although we were encouraged at Netley to use either hand impartially, for just that reason, that we might be of more use.’
than to have such a conversation with my older sibling. It is as if our late unlamented parents were to endeavour to enlighten me as to the mechanics of copulation - ’
Watson cut him. My gentle companion, my kind and loving friend, administered the cut direct: the sharpest and most pointed of snubs. It was a full, deliberate stare, flint-eyed, and unwavering, then a military turning away. Moran flushed a dull, ugly red, and stepped back. It was over in a second, and it was unremarked, thank God, in that bustle by any save those it affected, for it could have ruined Watson socially as well, he being of lesser rank in the army, and of less standing.
, but which lives on in one of the most common of Irish names, that of the Kerry clan of the Murtaghs, Murtags, and Murtaughs. We should properly call them the Muircheartaigh clan, or the clan O’ Muircheartaigh. You English, replacing the diphthong ‘ui’ with ‘o’, would say ‘Moriarty’ of course.’
‘Is there?’ His smile was a mere ghost of its usual self. ‘Let me have it, then, for that is three bitter pills you have given me, and the last by far the most bitter.’
‘At seven-thirty, during which time the steward will make up these seats into sleeping couches. Perhaps we might sit beforehand and look at these papers? I would welcome your opinion.’
‘Watson!’ exclaimed the fellow, surging forward and shaking Watson warmly by the hand, ‘I do not know what you are doing here, but for heaven’s sake help me to persuade Inspector Lestrade that I have no need of this mountebank’s interference in my work. He has driven me here willy-nilly, and all because he insists that this man, Holmes,’ casting me a suspicious glance, ‘can materially assist me in the terrible case of the Wimbledon murder.’
‘When I am old, I shall be very lame indeed: there will come a point where this leg will deteriorate.’ He walked to the door, and opened it, ‘Oh, what would we do without you, Mrs Hudson? You come most pat upon your hour.’
I could do nothing but acquiesce: he was formidable when he put on that attitude, used that tone of voice. ‘Very well, Watson, your gun will go with me if you cannot. I am sorry, my dear fellow. But there is some sweet to mellow the bitter, you know.’
‘But we can as yet do nothing? What do we know of the ultimate motives behind these crimes and corruptions? Or are we still all in the fog.’
I startled.  Had I been too obvious? My God, had he seen something of what I concealed? ‘I am restless, cooped up in here,’ I replied, admitting the lesser cause to hide the greater. ‘My mind tears itself to pieces without work. A day, a day or so after a case, to allow my brain to classify, or quantify, or discard, all that I have learnt, and then I begin to hunger for new things. I must have work, Watson.’
He laughed then, and glanced at me, his eyes amused. ‘And what would you know of such things? You are the complete bachelor, Holmes: never was a man more unapt for marriage and fatherhood. Although you are kind to your Irregulars: I must not belie you there. No, Holmes, even if I begin to work up a practice directly after the army board, even if every gravid female in this part of London were to beat a path to my unpractised door, it would not bring in enough immediately to live here. I must have regular employment. I might look around the hospitals, I think.’
‘You make my head spin,’ complained Lestrade. ‘Take me with you, gentlemen, I beg you: I cannot follow without assistance.’
Andrew Kavanagh was a real policeman. He was tried and imprisoned for a month on the 8th January 1887, for the blackmail and assault of a young prostitute. Then he was allowed back into the force.
Thank you, Da: you taught me to love words, and the very first proper novel you gave me was Pride and Prejudice, when I was eleven. “Read this,” you said. “It is absolutely brilliant. She is such a sharp, funny writer, Jane.” It was, and she was, and, Da, I am who I am as a writer because of you.
‘I fear Mrs Gerard was much to blame for that. I know that she told Durham her sister was silent and reserved, and sometimes shunned his company because of the strength of her love for him, which she could not express, and this perhaps strengthened his attraction to her. She was much sought after for her beauty: he thought himself fortunate to have won her hand.’
I took the drug, although perhaps I should say rather that it took me. "Transcendence" - ah there was that, yes, of a sort. I cannot speak about what came next, but it was exhausting, and, ultimately, fruitless, and its aftermath a depression blacker yet. Watson did not return until very early the following morning: there was already grey in the sky. I had retired to my own room when I heard him come in, and mount the stairs to his, but I could not, would not, approach him then, for I felt myself both undeserving of comfort, and unfitted to offer it.
‘Very well, then, I admit it. It is easier not to have a heart to feel.’ I drew breath, coming to my resolution. ‘But I will tell you of my childhood, if you care to hear it.’
‘And do you,’ asked Ellis, ‘ consider yourself the better for having acted on these desires, consenting to fulfil that sexual attraction that society so reprobates and to follow your affectional nature?’
‘I do not think the denunciation did any more than confirm what he already suspected. I do not think he suspects you of actually making the beast with two backs – or if he does, he does not let himself recognise that he does. But you must allow him to rest in his half-ignorance of what he wishes only to think he knows, and not strain the bonds of friendship by bringing to his notice that which he dare not officially see. He referred once to your affection for each other as a David and Jonathan friendship: his meaning was clear to me. He is a loyal man, and a good one, and you are fortunate indeed to have found such a friend. Moreover he regards Watson with a friendship which in any other man would be described as fervent: the doctor who gave him back wife and child! How could he be less than loyal? Do not look so shocked,’ he continued, tapping me on the knee. ‘Bend your mind to your work, and forget about what I have told you: I mentioned it only to reassure. Now, let us return to this issue of this latest young fool whom Milverton is blackmailing. At least he had the sense to come to me before it was too late. Ah, and before we deal with that, I must inform you that I have had a request from the Sûreté in the matter of Mme. Montpensier who is charged with murder in connection with the death of her step-daughter, Mlle. Carére. It would oblige me if, when you have finished dealing with your demon-haunted baronet – but you do not suspect the devil, only the devil in human form, I have no doubt – you were able to help the French authorities: money can be made available should you wish to travel to Paris, and whilst you are there you may confer semi-unofficially with them about Worth, thus killing two birds with one stone. The good doctor to go with you of course, naturally.’
‘Well – I am at a loose end, my dear fellow, very much at a loose end. There has been little of interest since Trelawney Hope’s affair, and I am mired in such tedium that there is no bearing it. Also, I very much fear more such tasks will be directed my way, and I have no desire to be a political lackey. I should not object to a sojourn in Scotland for a few days I think. The University – the Advocates’ Library holds many volumes of interest to me. I shall study during the day, and after you have performed whatever task it is you must, perhaps we may amuse ourselves together, do you not think so? What is it you go for, by the way?’
He is a friend of the desolate, degenerate and degraded, and he a lawyer. Yet lovable, it is noted: I wonder to whom.’ I turned the page. ‘Stevenson describes here the experiences of many men who - walk outside polite society. Does he, as we think, refer to the society of inverts? He is brave, if so - especially in the current climate of, of dislike.’
‘I thought you sunk in depression at times, with no cases, but it was this then? You used it to medicate your boredom.’ He said it as if he had just realised this fact.
‘At your side, Holmes, as always, unless you turn me away. Oh, I am sorry. I do not like this work: there is no honour in it. And it is cloudy and uncertain, for I have no more idea of what we are truly investigating than my poor sister might have done.’
'Nothing.' I lit my pipe, which had gone out. 'There is nothing you can do, and nothing in prospect. "O God! How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable. Seem to me all the uses of this world! Fie on't! O fie!" as the Bard has it. There is nothing to do, my Horatio, except sink into lethargy: I feel a creeping ennui, inexorable as doom. I warn you, John, I must have recourse to the needle tonight, for the reaction is upon me, and I cannot bear it.'
‘What is this remorse?’ I saw a sob shake him, and it pulled me out of my stupor of misery. ‘If you introduced me to the drug, it is I that experimented, and went further, I that increased my dose and moved from taking it as a draught to injecting once more. It is I who am flawed. I am like a drunkard, who cannot take drink moderately but must swill and tope his way into swinish oblivion. It is I – my character, my weakness. My depravity.’
‘That it is Moran’s doing, or that Holmes and I are paederasts and sodomites? Do you not believe it, Lestrade?’ Watson’s eyes were like flint. ‘Are you sure that you should not believe it?’
As for the son, when released from arrest, he came to thank us, and nigh wept on Watson’s shoulder, as a young recruit to a trusted Captain, pouring out such a tale of misery that Watson came from their meeting grim-faced, uttering imprecations that scorched the patient air. I was glad then that I had offered a little help to the wretched boy, and could tell Watson so. He had ever a soft heart for young things, did Watson, although he maintained, against my denials, that it was I who was tender over the wounded and abused.
But in the morning, he was gone again, and he remained away most of the day. By luncheon, I was frantic. I suspected him of being with Trevelyan: was our friendship nothing to him then, that he could absent himself from my side without a word? Again he came in late, and weary, and was silent most of the evening. He went to bed shortly after, and this time there was no storm, no friendly nocturnal companionship to allay my fears or my jealousy.
‘I think that a man whose heart function was impaired - as we find from Dr Mortimer’s recount that Sir Charles’ heart was said to be - might be susceptible to sudden shock, yes. He might feel the heart pang, which doctors term
‘Holmes,’ he said, after we had been sitting together an hour or so. He had bound my hand loosely, promising to bathe it again for me later, and his touch had lulled me into such drowsy content that I was happy to rest against him. ‘How long have you been engaged upon this experiment?’
‘My dear Watson, you would confer a great favour upon me by coming. And I think that your time will not be misspent, for there are points about the case which promise to make it an absolutely unique one. We have, I think, just time to catch our train at Paddington, and I will go further into the matter upon our journey. You would oblige me by bringing with you your very excellent field-glass.’
We were both silent during our tea. A curious blankness hung over me, a presentiment of a difficult and dangerous future. It was one thing to speak blithely of our enemies suborning Mrs Hudson as if it were a game, and we resting unassailable while it played around us, another to find that our own little maid had been entrapped and questioned. It was one thing to set the world at defiance in our thoughts and in our hearts, and quite another to discover what that defiance might do to us. The coward’s way was alien to me: it was even more so to Watson. And yet – and yet, what had we done when faced with the knowledge that our – no, I could not presume to know aught of Watson’s wants – that my illicit desires might be seen, be exposed?
‘Monte Cristo has seen the increasing despair of Maximilian after Valentine’s death. Maximilian avoids the Count, because he promised to save Valentine, but did not. Failing to make the lad listen to him, the Count follows him home and breaks into his room, arriving just in time to stop him blowing his brains out.’
‘Watson is sleeping. You will wake him, and the doctor will be here soon enough. I do not have time to speak to the Inspector. You may bring the broth - and see that it is chicken this time, and not mutton – at twelve.’ I went to the door, opening it a crack, ‘Do go away, Mrs Hudson, I can look after J – Watson – very well on my own. I do not wish to leave him while he is in this case: excitement can be injurious to the brain when the skull has taken a blow. Do you want him in a brain fever?’
‘I have been wrong, Holmes, to say, even to imply, that you are a callous man. This last few months with the Lamson case have taught me that, and no, you have not offended. I know that despite how busy you have been, you have done your utmost in this little child’s case, and I agree, when there is so much circumstantial evidence, but no proof, it is heart-breaking. And I find it most strange, that we have solved a murder committed by means of a surreptitiously administered and thought to be untraceable poison, yet we cannot solve a murder committed by simple violence, and requiring no tests, no chemical analyses, no detailed examination, but simply proof positive of identity to confirm. I find it most strange that tomorrow Lamson will hang, yet, as you say, Esther Pay is likely to be acquitted, although as guilty as he. It makes me question the whole of our means of justice. Is it a travesty? Should he die then, and have no chance, through incarceration, and restitution, to make amends, when she is at liberty, if she chooses, to murder again? Can amends even be made for taking a life? And what of those such as I, who have killed in the service of the country? Am I a murderer too? Do I merit death myself, I, who will today visit, and medicine, and console a man condemned for one killing, when I have slain many? What hypocrisy is this? I tell you, Holmes, it makes my brain whirl. We have always, in this country, taken life for life. Is it truly the best way? The Old Testament enjoins it “ an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth”: so surely then, I must suffer that penalty too. And what of the more merciful law that followed? What of that?’
‘I should prefer – would it not be better, sir,’ he turned to the Prime Minister, ‘to speak only to - ’
‘And you do not mind the, the, possibility of – the men who -?’ I had to ask. I could not let it slip, not when it meant so much.
Watson, clearly concerned about him, went over and patted his shoulder. ‘You are an honourable man, Lestrade, and quite right in what you say. This is not fair dealing, and does not make for trust. Holmes, if you know, if you have the means of divining who the principal is in this, then I think you must tell Lestrade. I would be angry too, were I to be treated so.’
‘Then we have a partnership?’ I pressed, to be sure of him. ‘You will come with me on cases and assist me, soften my faults, guide me in what I do not do well?’
The whole story seemed to me a nonsensical farrago: a fairy tale, almost. I had no doubt that Watson had done all he had said he had for his patients - it was his way, when most distressed, and I knew that I had distressed him, to lose himself in caring for the distress of others - but I could not fathom why he had been asked to attend another hospital, only to find there a woman he had spoken to earlier, and that woman injured and dying.
March came in like a lion, with a tremendous storm of snow in the north which did much damage. London had hard frosts accompanied by showers of snow and sleet, and strong gales prevailed until the seventeenth or so: indeed, we were near putting off the Lestrades’ visit to Cornwall since there was no pleasure to be had from the weather. The latter half of the month was much warmer though, and so Watson and Mrs Hudson eventually waved them off at the railway station, leaving the littlest Lestrades quartered with friends, young Tom away with his ‘prentice master, and Sally taking lessons from our Janey at Baker Street.
‘He is one Sebastian Moran,’ said Watson quietly, and as he did so, the tall colonel (for such I deduced him to be) looked up as if he had heard. He could not have done so of course: Watson’s words reached only my ear, and, moreover, he was turned away from the gentleman. ‘A colonel in the Indian army, a villain of an ugly cut, a Pandarus and an whore-monger, a practised shikari, a tenacious hunter – and a man who has made India too hot to hold him at last. And that, my dear Holmes, takes some doing: they are a lax lot out there when it comes to morals.’
‘It does indeed seem so, for ‘Blackmail House’ is the name of the house into which he retreats. I do believe this is the strangest book I have ever read in my life: I wonder very much that Stevenson has written of such things in such a way: one speculates as to whether he conceals his own past.  Well, we have met Mr Hyde, and he is an unpleasant fellow. I cannot wait to meet Doctor Jekyll: perhaps he is more congenial. Shall I begin, Holmes? This next chapter is entitled ‘The Search for Mr Hyde,’ so we may not be about to meet the doctor yet.’
‘Was it Queen Elizabeth who said she would not make windows into men’s souls? Under Victoria, we may not even be private in our own homes. This has changed men’s lives for ill, Sherlock. For those of us who love other men, we will never be safe again. Oh, I shall try to have it removed. I will bring pressure to bear. But now that every man who supports the right of men to love men may be arraigned before the bar of his more righteous fellows as an invert himself, and subject to penalty of law, there will be few who will dare to speak out. Indeed to speak against it is to condemn oneself to its judgement. All it will take is an unkind eye, a little fiction, a note that can be misconstrued, evidence of an inopportune gift . . . this law is a blackmailer’s charter. We are none of us safe.’
' - hush, Holmes, pray do not interrupt. I was called to investigate the case of a young man who had had a dray wheel pass over his shin below the knee: he was fortunate not to bleed to death for a splinter of bone had almost pierced through the wall of the popliteal artery, and the lower leg was in ruins: a mass, as I was telling Holmes this morning, of comminuted bone. In the end, I had to take off the leg. I did it below the knee, and made as good a job as I could, hoping to save him the joint. By the time I had finished cleaning, and operating and cleaning again - one must ligate arteries, there were many splinters to remove, one must draw flesh and suture what muscle remains to cover the stump so that the prosthesis when fitted does not grate on bone - ' he broke off, possibly seeing that Gregson had turned pale and was swallowing convulsively - 'oh, very well: I shall not go into any more detail: I do not particularly wish to be asking Mrs Hudson to clean your vomit off the carpet, Inspector. In any case I dare say it was past one before I saw him onto the ward, and after that I returned home. And before you ask, I walked, since the city was unaccountably devoid of cabs. I arrived home between three and four.'
Since then those about Parnell had been desperately trying to regain it: not least among them William O’ Brien, owner of the United Irishman, MP and rabble rouser as Shinwell Johnson had said. It was he who had, last summer, targeted the wretched James Ellis French, director of the detective branch of the Royal Irish Constabulary, successful investigator of the Phoenix Park murders, and a sodomite so notorious in the service that young constables were warned about his proclivities and his intemperance in satisfying them. In Catholic Ireland, his acts made him more loathed even than they would have been in England. Combining as he did the attributes of being a traitor who worked for the English oppressor, a vicious opponent of Fenians and Nationalists, a representative of the loathed English authority at Dublin Castle, and the perpetrator of a ‘sin’ universally cried out against by Irish and English alike, the unhappy French was an obvious target for ‘Screaming William’ to take aim at in his sorry rag of a journal.
I could see that my acerbity surprised him. He remained silent for a few minutes, and then observed softly. ‘I think you do not like this poor young man, Holmes.’
'And yet I am not convinced of it,' he answered. 'The cases which come to light in the papers are, as a rule, bald enough, and vulgar enough. We have in our police reports realism pushed to its extreme limits, and yet the result is, it must be confessed, neither fascinating nor artistic.'
‘If there are suspect diamonds, then there will be trouble. If you go, Holmes, and without me, then my gun goes with you, and I shall see you shoot it before you go.’ His blue eyes were fierce. ‘Pray do not make me dispute this any further, Holmes. My mind is quite made up.’
'It cannot be immunity from prosecution in all cases,' he warned me. He underlined what he had written, then he wrote below it a line of Greek script - "οὐ γὰρ ἔγωγ᾽ ἔχω εἰπεῖν ὅτι μεῖζόν ἐστιν ἀγαθὸν εὐθὺς νέῳ ὄντι ἢ ἐραστὴς χρηστὸς καὶ ἐραστῇ παιδικά" - which he contemplated for a few seconds, before underlining that too. 'If taken in the act, I can do nothing, you understand: I cannot negate proof positive.' He wrote the same line again, underlined the words once more. "οὐ γὰρ ἔγωγ᾽ ἔχω εἰπεῖν ὅτι μεῖζόν ἐστιν ἀγαθὸν εὐθὺς νέῳ ὄντι ἢ ἐραστὴς χρηστὸς καὶ ἐραστῇ παιδικά." 'Whether there is truth in the rumours, or the accusations, I do not wish to know. No!' He raised his eyes to mine. 'Do not protest, do not tell me. You will tell me nothing. Say nothing. It is better not to put anything in words. You do good work, Holmes, and you are of great value to us: your brother also. Moriarty is the Niddhog gnawing at our Yggdrasil: the Serpent in our Eden. He moves unseen, undermining the foundations of our constitution for his own ends. We cannot penetrate his plans: you can. We need you, and we will protect you, and your friend insofar as it is possible.'
‘Not so,’ I bent to brush my cheek against his. ‘You are my light, always, always, John. If you will only trust me, I promise, there will be proof. There is not a criminal but does not leave a trail: no matter how skilled he is, there will be one, and I will hunt him out. Have we not already discerned that there are three who work together? Would that have seemed credible when first we started?’
Events around the 'Maiden Tribute of Modern Babylon; and the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Bill are as stated by our friends Holmes, and Watson. Stead’s behaviour was reprehensible, and he was, later on, prosecuted and imprisoned for abduction. All information is taken from newspapers, and checked with reference to Hansard, the British parliamentary record.
But every time the longing shook me, I remembered how too often now I read of some poor wretch, too fond and confiding, brought to destruction by a man he had thought of as a lover. Every time I waited, hopeless and helpless, for him to say, as I had thought him about to say on the train back from Norfolk, that our friendship was too much, we must be less fond, less free with each other. He did not. He did not, and for that I was thankful, praying humbly that he might continue to be so generous with touch and look, and kind word. I loved him so very dearly, and yet I could see no hope now.
‘Never cruel to me, Holmes. And you are not what you once were. You are gentler, kinder. You allow heart to direct reason, as well as reason to conquer heart.’
‘That is so. Your work on Mr Gladstone’s behalf has been noted, and commended. Since he has handed over the burden of leading the government to Lord Salisbury, he is at leisure, and is at this moment on holiday in Aalesund, where in true Wordsworthian vein he declares himself much taken with the beauty of the fjords and islands – or so our correspondent reports from Bergen. I trust he may not come to actual shipwreck in his little boat: it would, however, be preferable to his repeated attempts to ground himself upon the shoals and sandbanks of immorality.  He desires very much to make your acquaintance on his return. Watson did not mention Labouchère in connection to the Act at all?’
I cast a glance at Watson, wondering how he would respond to this, and he shook his head at me. ‘The army, Holmes. And I’ve seen lads of that ilk in the hospital. They live precarious lives, hard lives. Go on, Johnson.’
What puzzled me, however, were certain references to two other players in this nefarious little game - because they were not named, only referred to by title as ‘The Navigator’ and ‘Mr Greatman’. These appellations appeared to me to be positively ridiculous, and when Mr Raymond and his cohorts mentioned ‘the serpent sword’ ‘the spread-eagle’ the ‘star of six’ and ‘the triple stars’, I began to wonder if I were living through the pages of some penny dreadful novelette such as The Black Mask, or even one of Mr Wilkie Collins’ more fevered and melodramatic oeuvres. However they appeared so serious – and indeed, when I listened closely, so very concerned and anxious -  about these entities, that I could not dismiss their conversation entirely and so resolved to investigate further on my own account. For all I knew, these might simply be inns or taverns where illegal goods (it was quite clear that Mr Raymond was not just a diamond-dealer but a dealer in other uncustomed and illicitly traded items) were delivered, bought and sold – and yet . . . and yet I could not rid my mind of the notion that they were not.
‘I shall reserve judgement until I have seen the young baronet. Tell me, Watson, if I were to remain here to tie up the threads of that young idiot’s diplomatic blunder, would you be prepared to play bodyguard in Devon if I asked you? For I agree with you in one respect: that a gigantic and supernatural hound roams the moors seeking whom it may devour and frightening nervous members of the aristocracy to death is, as you proclaimed it to be, poppycock. The original story, or legend, is I have no doubt, well attested: there will be a kernel of truth in it, with many syncretic addenda according to the superstitions of the native folk. But it is a fact that there was a death, and so when one looks at the facts in the case, one must, as always where there is a death, ask “cui bono”: to whom the benefit. The death is a fact; the inheritance is a fact, and since it is the love of money that is the root of all evil, I have no doubt that where the money is, there is evil also, even if it is by no means supernatural. And the evil that has killed one man may well kill two.’
Cornwall was acquitted of sodomy, but immediately retried, with his friend Kirwan, for conspiracy to procure men for immoral purposes. Albert de Fernandez, an army surgeon-major was also tried for sodomy. James Pillar, an elderly Quaker, was tried for sodomy, and so was a young man called Johnstone Little, the cousin of Malcolm Johnstone . . . who was the person who reported all of these men to the detective, Meiklejohn. Meiklejohn comes out of this scandal very badly – bully, sneak, coward & blackmailer, responsible for the flight to Europe of at least two other men reported as sodomites by Malcolm Johnstone (Robert Farquharson & Richard Boyle, both wealthy bankers.) Malcolm Johnstone comes out infinitely worse. Both Fernandez & Boyle were in love with him – Fernandez bought him a gold ring inscribed ‘In memoriam, Mally from Juan’ – and he betrayed both of them.
‘You had a bad night,’ I replied, meekly enough, letting myself be shepherded towards the tub, ‘and I did not want to wake you. When I heard you call out in the night – this war business is giving you dreams again, Watson, do not deny it – and after I had woken you and you slept again, I decided to let you rest. I did not think – ’
‘I expect it will be so, I am afraid. You must go to Lyons first, to enquire into these supposedly English spies who have allegedly been sent by the Prussians to enquire into the new rifles supplied to the French army. Then to Paris, to investigate these reports of warlike actions by the French and Germans along the border, and to discover, if you can, who it is that is sending these inflammatory reports to the English press so that we appear to be fomenting discord between the Powers. But as for Professor Moriarty – I do believe you, Sherlock, and trust, as I said, your acuity of vision - we know little of his background before Durham. I shall set some enquiries afoot in your absence – and before you ask me, my dear brother, I shall keep a watchful eye out for your Watson. I know he is dear to you.’
‘I will, Mr Holmes, and my daughter Helen will also. There is twelve years between them, but Ethel was always kind to my little girl, and her affection is reciprocated.’
He had indeed been busy, more so than he was wont. These affairs did not only touch us but his cherished country, and it was for this reason he had chosen to exert himself. Moran, he told me, he had been unable to touch, although he had traced three large payments into his bank that had come to him through an intermediary of the Professor’s.’
‘Very well, it was wholly my imagination then, my dear fellow. But touching this wretched box, Holmes, can we really not at least push it to one side?’
‘Watson, that is not kind of you! And I  - I disgraced my – I was not in a – a fit – well, you, you, should not have – seen  - had to see – been aware - ’ I turned away, could not look at him, could not continue for the life of me: the remembrance of my unfortunate state upon waking - rudely erect, covers tossed aside in the heat, and my rucked up nightshirt leaving me exposed to his startled gaze as he woke to find himself in my inadvertent embrace - quite overset me. I had wondered that he had not recoiled in horror, but had instead murmured my name in a gently questioning tone. It had been I who had recoiled, bolted away from him, and hastily left the bed to set myself to rights.
‘Then I shall dismiss the case, and warn him to say nothing more of it,’ Stephens breathed a sigh of relief and drained his port. ‘Although I daresay I must make some public remarks upon the iniquity of sodomy, of the nature of the sin which must not be named, and the degeneracy of the times, etcetera, etcetera, as is always expected of us. But I am glad to have my personal opinion corroborated. Gentlemen, I am indebted to you for your advice.’
‘You are right, of course.’ But there still seemed to be a touch of constraint in his manner. ‘Holmes, I was so busy with meetings and at the hospital over the Christmas and New Year period, and you so occupied with Lestrade, that I felt a decided lack of your company. Here we are already at the end of the month, and we have not been out. I would very much like us to dine together tonight. Could you fancy a meal at Romano’s with me?’
'And will you show us the letter? Surely a man may know of what he is accused, and the good doctor is still in ignorance. Come, Inspector, this is not plain dealing.'
and for a moment I saw, in the steely glint in his eye, the set to his mouth, a sterner, more authoritative Watson, accustomed to the coarse humour of the barracks, at ease with foul-mouthed sergeants, and whoring subalterns, but determined to allow no liberties. He was an adept, practised in an easy yet authoritative camaraderie to which I would never attain, I, who must cow men into submission with deductions that made them fear even as they marvelled (for there are few who are without a shameful secret of one sort or other, after all). I allowed Watson to banter with him for a few moments, wanting him to take Johnson’s measure in full, and was about to recall them to business, when Watson recollected himself.
‘A bomb! In the Underground railway! I remember nothing after leaving St Mary’s.’ I attempted to struggle up, and was immediately pressed down again. ‘Watson, were you there? Were you hurt?’
“Arguably it is never enough, as long as Want and Ignorance hide beneath the cloak of Christmas Present,” I told him, for although I had thought his Christmas tale sentimental, that image at least had stayed in my head. “When they are no more, then we will have done enough. But it may take better men than you or me.”
He chuckled and rubbed his hands together. ‘Well, you have smoked me out, Mr Holmes. Indeed, I daresay in my own way I am quite as -  musical -  as you yourself although it is to the Uranian muse that my highest devotion is paid. But I know you are no friend to the – orthodox - you see, and I hoped to intrigue you enough to obtain your presence. Although it was not really you I wanted of course: I believe you and I are – let us say planets – or perhaps asteroids, for I would not want to lay a  - hubristic – claim to any eminence you may ascribe to me – whose orbits should not meet. Were they to collide, heavens, what destruction might then ensue!.’
‘I have others to assist me. If Mr Holmes needs you, you must go, Lestrade.’ He sighed. ‘What with the arm and shoulder found floating in the Thames near Pimlico a fortnight ago, and this – this savagery – the damned city is become a charnel house. Where next will we find the mangled remains of some unfortunate? And as for the letter . . .we are dealing with a deranged mind, I have no doubt.’ Dipping into one of his capacious pockets, he brought forth a small portfolio and opened it gingerly. ‘What do you make of this, Sir? It was received on the twenty-seventh of this month by the Central News Agency, who forwarded it to us.’ He took his coffee from Mrs Hudson. ‘What do you think, Mr Holmes?’
In what remained of August  it was politics that occupied him: he had an eye to the machinations of the great powers, having been a soldier and seen men die for them, and we spoke often of what was taking place in Europe and in our theatre of unrest – I will not say war, for it was not yet war – of Afghanistan. Shortly after we had left Vienna, the Czar and Czarina had met the Emperor Franz Joseph at Kremsier: this rapprochement between the two greatest imperial powers, Watson considered to be a concern, for he believed that the intentions of a combined Russia, Austria and Germany could not but be unfavourable to Britain. Although, he told me, the Russians had agreed, earlier in the year, to withdraw from the Zulfikar pass, they were advancing on Herat, and he maintained that they could in no wise be trusted, their entire aim being to render the regions around India and Afghanistan unstable, so that Britain’s hold on her imperial possessions might gradually be eroded. Certainly the reports of Russian influence being brought to bear in Turkey and Persia continued to be alarming.
‘How women bear it, I do not know, they are braver far than we. What you are describing is not uncommon, alas. I can hazard a guess as to her trouble, but I shall not discuss it with you, my dear fellow, at least not now. Only be assured that anything that happened to her with you could equally have happened with your brother – Mycroft, is it? It is a curious name, as is yours, my dear. And is he still alive? For if I am to meet him, I must tell him that I owe him a debt, for his kindness to you. With such an upbringing, your sympathies might have become sadly warped, yet you are a kind and good person.’
It was news to me that we had any appointment at the Yard, and I was almost about to say so, when I encountered such a fiery glance from Watson as made me pause. There was ire in his eye and command in his bearing. He clapped Johnson on the shoulder again, perhaps rather harder than necessary.
It cost me some pain to return to the ground from the roof, for my ankle was much swollen, and I was stiff and sore with long lying in one position, but I managed to descend eventually, and limped in the direction of the Post Office. It was now about four in the afternoon, and I did not expect any post so early; however, I had resolved to inform Watson of my intention to leave Antwerp that very night. I had all the information my principal required: there was no point, therefore in staying longer.
‘With your consent, yes, I must tell my friend, because I would not keep anything that pertains to his work from him: even this secrecy has grieved me. I owe him much, for I was alone when he took me in, and he has been kind. But you are wrong, Trevelyan, Holmes would not despise you if he knew. I do not believe he does: the man is curiously innocent of such knowledge, though a genius in all other respects. Also, you need have no fear of him. He is a friend to justice, not a servant of the law, and he holds no brief for those who persecute a man because his nature is as yours. Do not despise yourself, Trevelyan: I am convinced in my own mind, as a medical man, that such desires are inborn, and cannot be changed, I have seen enough, across the world, to be quite sure of this. Try to live with a little less self loathing, and you will do better. And do not again enter into any such devil’s bargain as you did. If you go whole and clean again you will be a fortunate man: do not take more such risks.’
‘I can see. Was it a knife you used, old chap? It looks as if it has been chewed by rats, to be perfectly honest; there is a tuft sticking up here, and one there, and here too - ’ he indicated them with one finger. He looked so sad that tears rose to my own eyes and I bent my head to his shoulder to hide my face. ‘There, do not weep, my poor friend. It will grow again.’
‘And will you be?’ Watson asked me, as we walked back in the early hours to the Crown Inn, leaving Miss Stoner with the housekeeper, and her betrothed, Armitage, a rather ineffectual young man who had fretted and fussed around her while she dealt competently with the local police. ‘Pleased to hear of their marriage, Holmes?’
Men could be fond, I thought; men could cherish the closest of bonds. I knew that in Mycroft’s little coterie as well as elsewhere, there existed men for whom the deepest loves they had were with others of their sex, whether those be expressed in carnal form or no. Nourished at Eton and Harrow, sprung from the feverish friendships flowering in those hotbeds of Greek learning, those loves, for some, would always be stronger than the love of women. They were Greek loves, intense, romantic attachments that transcended the carnal love between man and woman. They were as different in their quality to the hurried couplings of Jack Saul and his like – but there I made myself pause. That Saul sold his favours for money did not mean he was incapable of the finer emotions, only that the circumstances, and means of his life forbade their indulgence. He had, he told me, truly believed himself ‘in love’ with Kirwan. And yet to give these loves physical expression was not only forbidden, but considered the worst of all forbidden sins.
I saw at once then what Gregson had been driving at: Watson's mind, as mine, had been occupied with thoughts of an accusation of sodomy. But it was not that, or not yet: it must be another murder. "You will never know" the note through the door had run, "when the next blow will fall." Gregson did not know of the previous two attempts to implicate Watson: I must, I thought, prevent the Inspector from discovering them at all costs. I opened my mouth to speak, but Watson was before me.
‘I do not know what to say,’ he said. ‘I have so many questions, both as your doctor, and your – friend, yet I do not know which to ask. Or whether I may ask any. Or if, by asking, I shall drive you back into yourself, and ruin all hope of confidence between us. I do not know what I may say, and what I may not.’
‘I will. Good evening to you, Doctor, and my thanks for a most pleasant hour or two. We have done well: we have scotched this Scottish snake finely that sought to bite you, I think, and there should be no more trouble. And we have more information to add to our collection, more knowledge now of this confederacy of crime.’
Watson gives Holmes a book that deals with intense and passionate friendship between men, one of whom dies for the other, and asks Holmes if he can borrow a book that records the mourning of one male friend as a spouse by another.
‘Well,’ I said, resisting the urge to touch the head that now rested close to my knee, ‘I know from your accent that you come from the North country, and from your army service that you hail from Northumberland, but I do not know whether you were born there. You spent your childhood there, though not all your young adulthood, for your adult vocabulary contains words that have no northern accent at all, and I therefore deduce that you went away to school. I know from the occasional things that you have said, that your family was wealthy enough to have a nanny - therefore you lived amid plenty. She was strict, because you have mentioned her whipping you for breaking a saucer, and she rarely allowed you things that you wanted, for you over-indulge now, when you can. But you regret your indulgences afterwards, therefore your upbringing was austere: a Protestant family then, not one of the old Catholic families of the north, who retained the old faith despite all persecution. There is a soupçon of a Catholic’s cavalier attitude toward religion about you, though, so possibly, like mine, your family is split. I know you had an older brother because of your watch, the provenance of which I deduced some time ago, along with your brother’s habits: now since he was hasty and intemperate, while you are merely (although in truth there is no ‘merely’ about it) courageous, brave to the point of recklessness, and a little too fond of gambling, I would say that there is a family history of such behaviour, stronger in some than in others. Whether you have, or have had other siblings, I know not, although I am inclined, from what I have observed of your behaviour to children, to deduce that you had a sister . . .’
Matters stood at this impasse for some days, even further details of the news from Paris not serving to enlighten me further. ‘What do you think of that, Holmes?’ Watson had said as he read the long account aloud to me, while I finished my breakfast. ‘You have been quite silent on the case since our last conversation.’
‘Lestrade has been asking after you,’ he commented, as he drew a sock over my new and lighter bandage. ‘I daresay he would be pleased to visit should you want him. He was mentioning a case – a curious case, that he thinks should not have had the outcome it did, and he wondered if you might be interested in solving it.’
He knew. He wanted me to tell him it was not true, but I could not. Instead, I divested myself of my coat and jacket, unbuttoned my shirt cuffs, and rolled my sleeves above my elbows. I held out my arms, baring them for his inspection. I believe my hands were quite steady, but his were not.
There was nothing awaiting me on Friday night, but on Saturday morning, when I repaired to the Post Office (which not being Jewish did not close its doors to business on that day) there was a telegram from Watson. I returned immediately to my room and opened it.
‘As do not you, me, or not yet. Swear you will not leave me. John. I am anxious until I hear you vow it, that you will not abandon me.’
As always, any historical personage, event, document, weather event, or political movement mentioned is well documented in either the press or official records (diplomatic list, papal encyclicals, e.g.) of the period.
In any case, during the whole of the day – and it was a foul, wet, windy day, such as only January can throw at the unfortunate inhabitants of these shores -  we pursued the tangled threads of Lamson’s aconitine purchases. We unravelled, as well, his dealings with the pawnbrokers, bailiffs, and financial agents of the town where he had gone to make a name for himself as a war hero and promising young medic, and found only disgrace. It was a deeply saddening and dirty process, and I would, as I said to Watson, have preferred a good clean stabbing any day.
‘For the next twenty minutes there is none to see but the occasional cow in the fields. If I can spend nought but fifteen of those minutes holding you, at least let us be close. I cannot live like this, so near and yet so far. I cannot live without you, do you not know that?’ He kissed my brow, then my cheek. ‘My Sherlock . . . my dear . . .’
‘Well, Mr Holmes, we must meet somewhere, d’ye not think? McKiernan has a lovely voice he does, just like a lark an’ there’s nothing wrong with a little music. Do ye not like the music y’rself, Mr Holmes? ‘Tis a fine speaking voice ye have, now, although not a patch on the Doctor’s. I could listen to him whispering sweet nothings in me ear all night, so I could.’
‘ - clouded by a drug which, as you have said, takes you outside yourself: therefore you are not yourself. And it is yourself I would lie with. Would share myself with, Holmes - and I do deeply desire to do so. More than I have ever longed for bodily union, for love's ultimate fulfilment, with another being do I long for it, desire it now with you.’
‘I do not know him. His clothing is of the finest: he is wealthy. His physiognomy is repellent: observe the great dome of the forehead, and those deeply sunken eyes. He is reptilian in aspect -  I have seen just such a motion of the head in some snake desiring to fascinate its prey, an oscillation that bewitches the unwary creature until the beast strikes. His rounded shoulders and that prim, ascetic mien indicate the scholar, but of what, I do not know. Of science? He is not a medical man, that is for certain: there is no kind and loving heart beats in his narrow breast - nor an army man, for I see no signs of it. A banker perhaps? Come away, Watson, let us observe no longer. I feel the fascination one feels with some creeping, unclean thing: a sensation of horror. I do not want to look at him any longer: let us go.’
The Natural History Museum opened on April 18th, Patience opened at the Opera Comique on April 23rd, moving to the new Savoy Opera House in October.
‘ – sly chicanery,’ I supplied, ‘Watson, put that rag down, get your hat, and let us go. You are not at the hospital today: we will go a-wandering, and take our meal where we find it, but let us get out of the city for the day. Or let us go to Sussex for a few days? You are tired and stale, and you have not been well. I have done nothing but work for the last five weeks, and London is filthy in July. Let us shut up shop here, send Mrs Hudson and Janey away for a holiday, leave the lads well provided for, and go to the sea. A week’s bathing and walking will set you up and make you feel more yourself.’
Watson’s eyes were still shadowed when I met him at the Northumberland Avenue baths later. In answer to my questions, as we left our boots in the boot room, he told me that Lamson was not in a good way. ‘He wavers between penitence and railing against his fate: I do not know how he will go on tomorrow morning, when it comes to the last hour. His spirit is failing him, I am afraid, as that hour draws near.
'It was only that my  - informant - was quite certain, Mr Holmes. As for how and when the murder took place: doubtless you are aware that there have been several murders in Whitechapel. The letter - it was a letter, you understand, delivered to us this morning, as we were investigating the crime - mentioned two other murders where Dr Watson had been involved - as a physician,' he added hastily, observing Watson's rekindling eye and angry flush, 'as a physician, you understand. And - and there seems reason to believe that the murders -  well, that there is a man with medical knowledge at least, and with this latest, a left-handed man . . .' His voice tailed off, and he flicked his gaze from Watson's clenched right hand to his left.
‘You must not think me content to spend all my time on the couch,’ he told me. ‘It is only my health that makes me languid and lazy. I was active enough in the army, until this stupid wound laid me low, and I was forced to cosset myself like a valetudinarian of advanced years. I am no Mr Woodhouse, I assure you.’
My heart melted as I looked at him: he had worked so hard for this, he and his friends. He deserved his triumph, if any man did. ‘As it is a relief to all right-thinking men. I congratulate you, my dear, noble Watson, for your part in this work: you have done bravely. We shall have up a good bottle of wine, and celebrate the Bill’s passing, I think. Yes, it is worth celebrating. And when will it go to Royal assent?’
‘But I was taught . . .’ I protested. He was turning everything I had been taught on its head: I could not reconcile what he was saying with my understanding.
He rose to his feet and walked to the window. ‘Holmes, my dear man, would you like me to stay with you now, or shall I leave you alone for a while? I know for someone as innocent, as pure minded as you, discovering this, this aspect of yourself must have been terribly difficult, especially believing as you did. I am not surprised you have been bad tempered, and all out of sorts. What can I do best now to assist you?’
Our as-yet limited use of the drug had produced some interesting results, however. The cocaine cigarettes and cigars we had, by mutual consent, discontinued, since we both of us preferred the smell and taste of plain tobacco, and I found swallowing a dose more effective. We had both tried nasal and buccal administration, but while agreeing that these might be extremely useful where analgesia was required, the side-effects were unpleasant: it had taken Watson a good twenty minutes to stem a nose bleed that left me shaking and faint, and him liberally bespattered with my blood. We had eventually had to resort to gauze packing and ice - and the resultant mess meant I was unwilling to experiment further. I had no wish for him to see me in such undignified straits. One cannot expect a man to see one in a romantic light – and hope had not yet died that he would someday see me in such – when he is engaged in inserting folded gauze into one’s nostrils with a pair of blunt forceps. A gunshot wound, if not serious, and honourably acquired, may be productive of a declaration of affection – at least if one is to believe the romances that Watson reads. A nosebleed is plain, and prosaic, and most dreadfully lowering.
‘There was a child. I saw Minnie grow rounder, her figure develop, but I assumed it was the normal course of nature. And I did not know to suspect: I was so ignorant then, so innocent of life. I had seen the farmyard bull and the cow, seen dog and bitch couple; the cow drop her calf, and the bitch kindle and whelp. I knew it in animals: I did not recognise the signs in her because it was unthinkable that it should be so, she being so young, and kept within the house. And he confined her to her chamber the last month she was with child, on some imagined misdemeanour, and would not let her out, only the old woman in to give her food and water, and she was terrified of my father, would not go against him. I could not get in. I talked to Minnie through the locked door, every day - twice, thrice, four times a day, so she would know that she was not alone, but she never answered me.’ His voice broke. ‘I should have done more. It is no excuse to say that I was being brutally treated too, that I went to bed many a time bruised and hungry and cold. I should have had more courage, gone to someone to get help, but I did not. I did not. I should have done: I will never forgive myself for that, for being a coward.’
‘I have always wondered if Moore Agar is an invert himself,’ I said, carefully, for it was plain that he was struggling to explain himself without betraying a confidence. ‘Burns-Gibson is a family man, of course, but your other friend, I have no real doubt about. Has he – has he found it necessary to, to - ?’
‘Why should you not smile? Why should not I? I have a case, John, a case, and one that is worthwhile. I will solve it: I love my country too much not to help her, but oh, I love the hunt for the hunt’s sake also.’ I pulled him from his seat. ‘John, John, you are the best of fellows. I do so lo – I am so grateful to you for putting up with my moods and my crossness, and my over-all impossible behaviour when I am in the dumps. What would I do without you, to be by my side and do everything that you do for me? And yes, you are right. When I am like this I am transported by the hunt, by the joy of my chase, that keenest and sweetest of pleasures. My mind soars: I touch the heavens. My spirit enlarges itself: I can do, can dare, can command anything. This, this is happiness, pure and unalloyed.’
‘Would that we were.’ He stroked my arm, which was tucked within his. ‘I feel on occasion as if in exchange for the freedom of the Spartans, and the comradeship of the Thebans, I would pass up all the benefits of our modern lives, all the great advances in engineering, in science – in medicine, although alas, there are not yet enough advances in medicine to save all that we would wish . . .’
Watson had tried cocaine in smaller doses on several occasions, but as each administration produced acute headache, and a pronounced (and, to say the truth, terrifying) tachycardia we had reluctantly concluded that he was one of those rare people whom the drug did not suit. I was sorry for it, since as an euphoric and stimulant I found it remarkably useful. Carefully titrating my dose throughout the week enabled me to control those periods of ennui and low mood which, strangely, seemed to have been becoming more frequent of late.
‘ - despite your having received a visit from Abberline this morning, and despite your assurance to him that Watson was not abroad last night when that unfortunate woman, Mary Jane Kelly, was murdered and so dreadfully mutilated, I have men who will swear him to be the murderer tomorrow. And if it is only his word and yours that he lay at your home last night - unless of course, you are prepared to implicate yourself as his paramour and expose an intimate connection for the sake of giving him an alibi . . . then I do not think you will save him, this time . . .’
‘It contains an interesting case about which I intended to tell you – you have complained of being short of copy of late, and I thought it might serve your purpose. But if you do not care to hear it, then I will remove box and papers together.’
‘Jack will not talk to Lestrade. He will only countenance me because Johnson has vouched for me, and you because you began by making it quite clear at our initial meeting that you were there to guard my dubious virtue, and that amused him - and then you turned round on your growling and doctored him sweetly, and gratis. I am sorry you do not like him though, Watson, he is as harmless a fellow as ever stepped. There is no malice in him, and I find his honesty almost – endearing, after all. And he is well-mannered.’
‘I do’ He shivered. ‘But you were in more danger than you think. Holmes – Holmes, I beg you, do not meddle with Moran.’
‘It is true that they are fornicators and adulterers to the last man, my dear fellow. But they do not fornicate with men, and that is the difference. Cast your eye backwards into history. What comes to mind when I say to you ‘Edward the Second’ and ‘James the First’?
‘The diamonds? What, have they come up again?’ He sat down on the floor at my feet. ‘Tell me more: we have time before we go out.’
‘Indeed,’ Watson sat next to me, and took my hand. ‘I see, in fact, that you have bleached that dressing gown, which now has a large and leprous blotch on it near the cuff. May I have your other hand?  No, not the burned one, the left hand. Thanks, my dear fellow. This solution you have obtained is strongly alkaline: did not you notice that your wrist was reddened where the liquid splashed? Wait while I fetch water now, we must bathe this repeatedly, until it no longer feels slick – that is the action of the alkali on your skin, Holmes – and then we shall have a little discussion.’
‘When I discovered my loss, Mr. Holmes, which was at eight o’clock this morning, I at once informed the Prime Minister. It was at his suggestion that we have both come to you.’
I rose to go to him, but Lestrade moved before me: he righted the chair, calm and easy, clasped Watson's shoulder, and impelled him back into it with a strength I had not suspected from the wiry little man, and a kindness I had long known he possessed.
‘Not to say blessed, exactly,’ replied Lestrade, ‘Thank you, Dr Watson, just a touch of that pie – a little more, perhaps, and some of that fine-looking cheese, ‘I have four hopeful daughters and three strong sons, besides our little Polly, who does not thrive so well, poor mite, but how they do wear out linen and shoe leather to be sure! And eat! There is no keeping them in bread, I assure you. Except poor Polly, that is. Well, my wife is a neat woman, and clean, and an excellent manager. Perhaps she is not too tender with the children, but to spare the rod is to spoil the child, as my father was used to say. But this is all by the by - ’
‘I find it intriguing – perhaps I have changed my mind on amusing – that the Queen’s Counsel for Gustavus Cornwall is named Holmes. And the counsel for James Ellis French is a Mr David Sherlock.’
‘Only partially,’ he had said, before holding out his hand again for the paper, ‘since he is not truly punished for it, but has used it to make himself a popular hero; see how he basks in the adulation of the uncritical. And I notice he expresses no remorse for what he put the child through, but treats her as if she is a mere nothing, a pawn in his sanctimonious play. Moreover, the verdict does not address the inequality: when will there truly be justice under the law that does not favour the rich man? It is corruption and I hate it. I tell you, I shall never have to do with any of them again.’
Father Kharakhanyan, Kevork and Araxia are Armenian Christians. They are all real people, victims of the Armenian genocides later in the century, whose names I have chosen to remember here.
‘Moran’s attempt upon me – if it were indeed Moran, for we have no certainty, only supposition - came to nought, my dear. I am wary now, and, I trust, will not fall into such a trap again. Milverton is a blackmailer: well and good. We must seek out his victims, succour them when we can and try how we can entrap the him in his own snares. Worth, I am sure, cares nought for us: we have little of value to him and he will not meddle with us, I think. So what do you fear?’
‘But you do not see the need for my going, and you would very much rather I did not. Well, I conceive it to be my duty to my friend, and so I will not be swayed. Come, my dear fellow, do not grudge me a chance to be useful. If I can save Mrs Lestrade I will be performing an action of benefit to more than one person: if I selfishly stay with you, I shall benefit no-one.’
‘Not just the ignoring,’ put in Watson, quietly, ‘It is the ignorance about the whole subject that is productive of so much pain. And that is irrespective of class, is it not?’
I looked across the shifting crowds in the foyer – the event was crowded: royalty present in the guise of their Graces of Edinburgh, and the duchess looking a trifle more complaisant than usual – to where his trio stood in a window embrasure.
‘He is a good inspector.’ It was not unexpected that Lestrade would fire up in defence of Gregson, they were colleagues as well as rivals after all. ‘A real terrier: he will go after vice as if it were a rat, and he never to rest until he has shaken it to death. But . . .’
‘The aim is to damage reputation rather than to send down at her Majesty’s pleasure,’ explained Watson, after one look at me. For once, he was the one of us keeping his temper, and I the one biting back angry words: no insult aimed at me hit a mark, but insolence to Watson I could not tolerate.
‘That is good of you, Dr Watson. You are perhaps aware, then, Mr Holmes, of the so-called ‘Trial of the Detectives’ of that year? The de Goncourt fraud case?’
He was not there, when, on one of the filthiest evenings I could recall, the rain coming down in wavering curtains fitfully illuminated by guttering gas lights, and every cab having vanished from the emptied streets, I wended my unhappy way to the Underground Railway line.
‘I’m not drunk.’ It seemed very important to me that Watson knew this, but it was hard to get the words out. I was not sure he had heard me, though his arm tightened into an embrace.
I had few cases – I did not need them in truth: I had been well paid for the Meiklejohn business -  and spent my time reading, and working at my chemistry. Watson was much occupied in June and July with Lestrade’s daughter, Polly. He had not forgotten – when did he ever forget a child? – about the little girl who, in Lestrade’s words ‘did not thrive’. He visited her early and late, caring for her most tenderly, and brushing aside Lestrade’s gruff offers of payment and thanks.
‘I shall keep him there until the case is finished, Inspector, on the pretext of guarding Sir Henry, for he is safer by far there than here. Lestrade, my good fellow, what I am investigating on the wilds of Dartmoor is also murder, planned, evil, cold-blooded murder, perhaps one perpetrator, perhaps with accomplices, and I do not know who I can trust there. If I were to wire you and ask you to bring down a blank warrant for arrest, could you attend me?’
Steps roused me from my happy contemplation. Two people. One was Stamford, my colleague, a rotund, inoffensive man, much attached to the pleasures of the table, although not yet prey to the cold sensuality of the glutton. The other . . . a smaller man than I, the length of his stride told me, stepping more heavily to one side than the other. The hint of a drag in a militarily precise pace: wounded on the right, high on the limb. A drift of gun-oil tickled my nostrils: gun cleaned recently. Too recently. Too often? Army man, invalided out. Smoked: ships’ tobacco. Cologne: a Palmerston Bouquet, its top notes of bergamot and cardamom muted now to spiced wood. Myself, I favoured Truefitt and Hill’s Imperial, a more delicate citrus fragrance. A green, floral indulgence, almost a weakness.
‘I will come with you to Limehouse then,’ he declared, to my no small consternation. ‘I must see young Billy in any case: the fracture in his leg healed well, but there was muscle wastage, and I would like to see how he goes on. We might take some pies, or a few cakes for the children, what do you think, Holmes?’
‘But it could have been all for my use,’ he teased me, his eyes alight with affection. ‘You cannot be certain that it was not for my use, after all, Holmes. Why do you not deduce that I have squirrelled my little paper away for private perusal, and that that was the cause of my guilt?’
‘Indeed I will. What do you wish for – or stay, I have it. I shall recline like this and if you move a little – there that is right. Tell me whatever you want, my dear.’
‘There was my nurse, and a woman who must have been the cook, and none other than the man who came to do the garden. My mother and father did not live there.’
‘I do not think we have anything more to say to each other, Professor.’ Watson took my arm. He was white now with rage: I had never seen him so before. ‘I trust we will not meet again. I cannot be bought, Sir, no matter what you are offering. I like neither your manners nor your morals nor your associates. Holmes, I believe we can dispense with the remainder of this exceptionally mediocre concert, do not you?’
Had he been less moved thereto by his own prejudices and beliefs, and more inclined to discuss the matter with those members of his force who had actually attended this murder, he might have reflected longer on the foolishness of his act, for he had done nothing but lose face, when he had thought to have the credit of apprehending a triple murderer. He might also have considered why the denunciation had come to him, particularly, he having no real connexion to the investigation, rather than to those inspectors involved in it. But he did not think, as men often do not when blinded by the darkness in their own heads.
It did sting, and I had to blink back tears. ‘Lestrade asked me to attend the scene at the Admiralty, where the bomb was placed a few days ago. The paint can I have brought home is, I am certain, the source of the dynamite that was detonated: two men dressed as workmen brought it in concealed so. I believe that it will be possible to find traces of the substance inside it. It had been quite overlooked as a clue by the investigating inspectors, and was under some quantity of rubble so of course I had to manoeuvre myself around fallen plaster and smashed glass to obtain it. In doing so, I slipped and fell, that is all. At least I saved my hands, but I sat down rather hard.’
‘I am a widow,’ she observed, after a while, as she retrieved my cigar case from the coal scuttle and laid it on my table.
‘Holmes, my dear fellow, you looked grey when you met me in the foyer, as if you had seen a revenant, or were in pain, or labouring under some strong and unpleasant emotion. Why would you not let us leave? I am sure you did not want to have that conversation with Mrs Forrester and her friend. Why would you insist on staying – oh, such a look as you gave me: I knew well I might not mention leaving!  What is it? What is wrong?’
On Agar’s recommendation, and with Watson’s approval, I kept my bed for a week, cared for like some Eastern pasha, swathed in an afghan against the chill that crept in through the windows, and taking the short days and long evenings at my ease. Mrs Hudson cosseted me with nourishing soup, and Watson read to me and played chess. My mind was light and free, and my torments, for a while, in abeyance: I felt no desire, for I was too weary and, somehow, too relieved. It suited me to stay curled up against my pillows, to watch the firelight on Watson’s hair as he read me some fantastic tale or other, and to laugh with him over cartoons in Punch, or the Spectator’s acerbic commentary. It was a halcyon time, an oasis in the drear desert that was my hopeless longing for a man whom I thought would never long for me. But he loved me though, loved me with the true, enduring love of comrade and brother, and though I knew, somehow, that he could not ever make me his all, I was yet content to make him mine.
It was, indeed, good to be home, and I was inclined to indulge him. ‘Here.’ I gave him an envelope. ‘Would you care to accompany me to a performance tomorrow?’
For answer, Lestrade drew a paper from his pocket and flattened it so we could both see the superscripture directing it to him. ‘This paper here – this accuses you both as – well, I will not say it. It was delivered at the Yard – the day before I called you down here. There is no signature, of course; there never is with this filth. A nameless crime, naming others for nameless crimes. I hate an anonymous letter writer as I hate a blackmailer: both are vile. It was handed to my sergeant – enveloped and sealed, but addressed to me. Read it, if you please, gentlemen. I regret the necessity, but I would not be doing my duty if I did not make you aware of it.’ Another pause. ‘I have made no man else privy to it, but retained it in my own possession,’ he said then, and I could see how much the admission cost him. It was not in Lestrade to conceal anything; even if there was no onus on him to be open, he would naturally be so. One read it in his eye, his brow: here was a man of integrity.
Bagoas is the ‘Persian Boy’ of Mary Renault’s novel, and Alexander’s younger lover; Hephaistion, Alexander’s long-time boyhood friend and lover, over whose death he grieved to the point of madness. The stories of Alexander are well known in Persia.
‘I agreed with Smith that the pyaemia was so far advanced that even amputation could not save him. Even if he had been brought to Barts, not to Charing Cross, we might not have been able to do anything. The bone was completely shattered: an open fracture of the most dangerous sort, and impossible to clean or heal. And amputation, in his poor and reduced state  of health, would have killed him directly. It was a battle we could not win.’
I was ashamed of myself. Had I been pressing my presence on him too much? We had little time together during the day, for I was off working, and he could not leave the house unless the weather was exceptionally clement, but our evenings we mostly spent together, smoking, as I had thought, companionably enough. Often we were silent, unless we discussed the latest political news, and until we sipped a brandy and soda before the fire before parting at ten with a cordial handshake. Had he found me a burden? Would he have preferred solitude? Something of this must have shown on my face, for he smiled at me kindly.
‘Jack will protect us. He already has. I hear steps: Holmes, lay me down, you cannot hold me so here. As it is we will have to pay - ’
‘Indeed. But you need not be uneasy, Watson, we have it on the best authority that it is not like morphine, and indeed, it is so transcendentally stimulating to the brain. The dullness one experiences with morphine is completely absent. It is as if my thought process is magnified ten times with the drug: you cannot imagine how much faster my mind works under its thrall.’
I could not get out of my head the events of the trial. Young Osborn had accosted Marling - a wealthy young fool but five years older than he - asking for a drink. They could have drunk in any convenient hostelry rather than adjourn to those rooms: it appeared clear to me why they had done so – and why on turning the boy away afterwards he had parted with first a sovereign, and then two guineas more. It was Osborn’s greed that had led Marling to inform upon him to the police, saying that he had been blackmailed. The judge had been severe. He had been severe upon Marling too, commenting what a curious thing - and a foolish thing – it was of him to do, taking a chance-met lad from the street into his rooms ‘for a drink’. He was no fool, Lord Justice Day; he well knew what had transpired in those rooms in Jermyn Street. But he had been more severe upon Osborn, for Osborn was accustomed to doing this sort of thing, was, in fact, well known to the police for it. The common bounce was his livelihood, just as it was for Andrew Grant, and so they had taken the opportunity to put a stop to his games. I had little sympathy for a blackmailer: had it not been for the grace of God and Jack Saul, my Watson would have found himself in as dire a case, some trumped up story concocted to explain his presence in Cleveland Street, and evidence, perhaps, planted. His would have been the name blown upon, his the reputation ruined, his the shame and disgrace. And he would not have appeared so innocent: Grant and Coulton would have seen to that. But yet, Osborn was only seventeen – seventeen, and now doomed to suffer for life . . . His crimes were black, the punishment black, the fact that there was such a crime, such a punishment for a man’s nature, a sanction for his need, those needs perverted into crime and the fulfilling of the needs itself considered to be perverse: all was black, black, black . . .
He wrote again "οὐ γὰρ ἔγωγ᾽ ἔχω εἰπεῖν ὅτι μεῖζόν ἐστιν ἀγαθὸν εὐθὺς νέῳ ὄντι ἢ ἐραστὴς χρηστὸς καὶ ἐραστῇ παιδικά." 'As for Dr Watson, we need you, and you need him, that much is understood. I am grateful for your service, and it will be remembered: you have my solemn promise that we will do what we can.' He tapped the lines of writing. 'You read Greek, of course. You are familiar with the Symposium, I take it?' He turned it, so that I could read.
‘If it were, it would be no matter: I have no other friend I cherish as I do you, either. I would find myself jealous of your company also, were you to spend time with others.’ He yawned. ‘Holmes . . .’
‘Yes,’ I said. I could not repress my love for him as I met his eye, and wondered if he saw it. Certainly his gaze met mine with a quiet trust and affection that was wholly beautiful. ‘You are right, Watson. Small kindnesses, but they weigh heavy in the scale against evil. You are right, it is not all dark.’
. . . ‘Holmes, Holmes, let him go now. Holmes, old fellow, let him be. The constable has him now, not that he needs a constable: I shall be seeing him in the damn hospital as well as his daughter: I swear you’ve broken his jaw. Let be now, come away, old chap, that’s right. Sergeant, Mr Holmes is known to Scotland Yard, as am I. Yes, Captain Dr John Watson. That brute has broken the girl’s arm: have her conveyed to the free ward at Barts. Here is my card to go with her. Holmes, sit DOWN. Here, little one, don’t cry: are you her sister? Molly? Do you have a mama, my lass? Only papa? Oh, I’m so sorry, pet. Take my handkerchief, there’s a good little lassie, and then you can go with your sister to the hospital, and wait there with her. Someone will be along shortly to take you to a safe place. Are there any more of you? Well get your brother too, and go with the constable there. Are you a family man, Constable, by any good chance? Excellent, here take this, and see them fed: I shall arrange for their safe keeping. Take the man too: he cannot be left like that. Free ward as well, on my card, Constable. Oh, thank God. I do not know where you have sprung from, boys, but you are welcome as the day. Billy, fetch us a cab, Mr Holmes has – no, he didn’t beat him to a bloody pulp, boy, this is not a boxing ring. Sam, go to Mrs Hudson, and tell her to send Janey in a cab to fetch these two children from Barts: God knows where she will put them for the night, but they must be housed somewhere. They have no mama, they cannot be left. Be QUIET, Holmes, do not even attempt to speak at this moment. Enough, I say.’
‘He is a good man. But none will ever be as dear to me as you, my Sherlock, you may rest easy on that account.’ He stroked my hair, drawing his fingers softly along the nape of my neck. ‘You need have no fear of being supplanted in my affections.’
It was the small hours of the morning before Watson returned home. I had been watching for him, and stole down to let him in without waking the women. He was grey with fatigue, dragged himself up our stairs, and fell into an armchair without removing his coat. I did not speak to him – he had said nothing to me when he arrived, only looked his anguish – but when I handed him a glass of brandy I saw that his knuckles were bruised and bleeding. I ran a finger over them, and he shook his head.
We had left the House by now, and were walking – briskly, for the weather was inclement, and the sun almost setting – through St James’ Park. I leaned a little closer, seeking his warmth, the solid bulwark of his side against mine.
By the end of July, though, we had decided to spend part of the summer away from London. We sent Mrs Hudson away to the seaside, and Janey with her, for the poor girl had been much troubled by her break with Kavanagh. Mags and Billy went too, that they might be safe and happy for a while. As for us, we felt that the air stifled, both physically and spiritually: it seemed that storm clouds of suspicion loured in the oppressive heat. Rather than repair to Sussex, we travelled leisurely among the Scottish mountains and glens, I browsing my books, botanising, and pursuing my linguistic researches in the field, and Watson with his fishing rod for outdoor amusement and his pen – he produced some very pretty stories which were gratefully received by his publisher – for rainy days. During that time, we discovered the cause of the sinking of the British bark, Sophy Anderson – a mere paltry insurance fraud, alas, of no real interest or ingenuity – and became involved in the singular mystery of what happened to the Grice Patersons in the Isle of – Uffa – as Watson chose to call it, although no such island in truth exists.
‘May I – will you sit nearer, John?’ I had not wanted to ask, but my heart beat so hard I could not refrain.
‘And I did not. Come, we are at the hotel. Allow me to assist you to dismount, Holmes, and we shall have you in your room in moments.’
‘ . . . enough?’ Watson’s voice broke in on my thoughts. ‘Have you seen enough, my dear fellow? You seem a little distrait. We can go if you wish.’
‘Of course not,’ he replied, indignantly. ‘I would never expose you in that way, Holmes. I am your Boswell, you know – your very admiring Boswell. And comrades-in-arms do not rat on a friend. We are all of us sometimes sickened by combat, in whatsoever kind or shape it comes. And all of us are prone to error: you are no different. Furthermore, my dear chap, I seem to remember you holding my head for similar reasons but for a much less worthy cause when I was so shamefully inebriated in Dublin last spring. We are quits now, although you have the advantage a trifle, do you not think so?’
I got up in the afternoon. By then, Watson had gone to Barts, whence he returned later having made interest with some of his Fabian friends for the safe-keeping of the children he had rescued. They were in need of it, he told me seriously, for their father was an incorrigible drunkard.
‘I!’ exclaimed Holder, clearly quite aghast. ‘Are you suggesting I might - might lend myself to – to corrupt practice, to – good heavens, Dr Watson – I cannot believe my ears! Are you suggesting that I might steal – might embezzle money from my own bank to pay my son’s gambling debts? The idea is monstrous, Sir, monstrous!’
‘It was improper in the way of a professional relationship. I was doctoring you. I forgot myself, and my oath, and my professional duty. You were – very much at a disadvantage, and I was wrong. I agree that for some things it is acceptable. But for such a – such an – it was an – an intimate area. I should not have presumed.’
Billy’s voice wavered in my head much as Watson’s stream of instructions and explanations had done. I was hauled to my feet, Watson’s solid arm around my waist and Billy’s hand under my elbow – my bruised elbow, I thought, stifling a groan.
‘Very well; we see no evidence of incapacity in youth. Come to the period of the marriage then. Was Durham her first choice? If my memory serves me correctly, he was in a liaison with Lady Lonsdale for a time, and this was well known. You see I will be blunt with you. Durham was older, and of libertine tendencies before this marriage. How came he to be matched to a young and tender girl?’
‘Would you like to know not the least amusing thing of all that is amusing in this merry little jig we dance with our client, and our client’s unfortunate, and, I fear, too noble-minded, son and his pretty, but suspect, niece?’
‘I have calculated that it would be sufficient to devastate an area of London in square form from the Thames in the south to Oxford Street in the north, then extending east to Chancery Lane, and west to the Haymarket,’ I replied, pouring him another glass of wine. ‘Come, Watson, you are not eating: do take some of this excellent cake. I worked it out it for Dupré, who has been asked by the gentlemen of the press. But I am glad we sent him a note, for it seems to me that the article is more unstable by half than it should be, and I rather dread some accident. Perhaps after all, we should not compound it into dynamite, Watson, lest worse befall.’
‘Come, friend Watson, the curtain rings up for the last act. You will be relieved to hear that there will be no war, that the Right Honourable Trelawney Hope will suffer no setback in his brilliant career, that the indiscreet Sovereign will receive no punishment for his indiscretion, that the Prime Minister will have no European complication to deal with, and that with a little tact and management upon our part nobody will be a penny the worse for what might have been a very ugly incident.’
‘And some mysterious personage in government – and the chief of the Irish Branch – both wish you and Lestrade to investigate the investigator. Intriguing, Holmes.’
‘I do not want you to leave,’ I must make that clear. ‘Your views are not abhorrent. Just – just so very unexpected. I have never met anyone who thinks like you. But do not leave, Watson.’ “Do not leave me” I would have said, but I was too shy to utter it. ‘And I will ask you again: did you think it was Trevelyan’s morals, or his physical state I would find distasteful?’
'Yes, because where could I run to? There is nowhere. There is nothing that can be done. Had we the money, we might plan to escape to the continent. Many of our persuasion do, I suppose, make their homes there, but you could not, Sherlock. Your work, your livelihood - and mine also, is here, here in London. Without it we would be reduced to destitution. We have nowhere to run to.'
‘Oh,’ he said, and smiled. ‘I enjoyed our holiday. I have not felt so rested, nor slept so well in months. I am so very happy too, my dear fellow, to see you so well and serene. It is a great thing for me, you know, to know that I have been of use to you in that way. By the way, I shall be passing our tobacconists, so do not trouble to replenish your store today, for I shall do it. And do not use all the hot water in the house, I beg you, for I shall need to bathe before we go.'
,’ I assured her. ‘If you can, Lady Laura, pray tell me of events after the marriage. When was it first suspected that the Countess was falling ill?’
I had not realised how long I had been silent, until I woke from my reverie, and found him patiently sitting waiting for my reply. He was observing me gravely, only the hint of a smile on his lips. ‘Are you still there, Holmes?’
‘I do not know if I can go any further,’ he said suddenly. He was white-lipped and sweating. ‘Holmes, can you find a cab – anything – oh God,’ and he bent over and vomited.
Lestrade’s brow darkened. ‘And now it is you that will not tell me.’ He half rose from his chair. ‘I am a common man, Mr Holmes, and I do not like that I am dragged hither and yon, fooled to the top of my bent by your fine gentlemen friends. Perhaps I had better be going then, and leave you to your mysteries.’
, as well as other letters to women both of his acquaintance and unknown to him. There are two issues here; the death threats, for he claims to be a Fenian, and the threatening to expose secrets. We are to determine whether he is, in fact, a Fenian – an objective I can attain by testing him with some of their secret signs and passwords - in which case he will be returned to England for trial, or merely a blackmailer, in which case, my government acquaintance directs that Mr Gladstone does not wish for a heavy penalty, but that leniency should be applied.’
Watson was successfully inveigled away from his work – and from the Criminal Law Amendment Bill. Parliament was to be prorogued on the tenth of August, and the discussions and changes, not just to that Bill, but to the other business of the house were furiously debated and as furiously reported on. Watson had already lost the tranquillity he had found during our weeks in Sussex, and I was not sorry for an excuse to take him away. He was unwilling to let me go to Vienna alone, so it did not take very much persuasion. There was nothing he could do in any case, for he had no parliamentary influence, and all his work – in writing letters, observing and documenting cases and providing information for people such as Stead and Mrs Butler had been done. It was the wait for his poor children that was wearing him out, and the uncertainty over what might become of them.
‘And these spherical beings had two faces, perfectly alike, four arms and four legs. They were of three kinds, he said: man-man, woman-woman, and the man-woman, the ‘androgyne’ which, he said, had one face female and one male.’
Lady Laura looked at him. ‘You said earlier that you concur ‘for my purposes’ Dr Watson. Is there something that you are not saying to me?’
‘Kindness, gentleness and patience, both from and with others, and to oneself, I suppose. Other than that, there is little that can be done. Pray do not be angry with me, Holmes. I cannot help that I feel ashamed of my weakness. I fight – I try to be armed at all points against it – but it is a cunning and relentless enemy.’
‘Billy is gone to Mrs Lestrade’s with a message to be sent to the Inspector, and I am afraid Janey is indisposed today, Doctor, in fact I meant to ask you to step and see her as soon as is convenient. It is not just the pain from her tooth, poor girl, for which I have given her a good dose and called upon the tooth drawer to attend her, but she is low in her spirits, and it is all along of that wretched young man of hers.’
‘I dare not leave you, Watson. In this state you are easy prey: you might be robbed or worse.’ I handed him my handkerchief, steeling myself. ‘What, man, dismayed, and you a soldier? Do you give in so easily? Take courage and brace yourself. It is not far now, and in any case there is not a cab to be had at this hour, and none of our boys around to summon one.’
'Who brought the message?' I refilled his cup. 'And how did Haslip know you were at Bart's? How did he know where to send? Why you? Why not some other colleague at the London? Was there no-one else there but that he must hale you halfway round the city in the small hours to pronounce on one only of the many cases there? John - my dear Watson: this tale is beyond fantastical.'
I cherished those bruises. I cherished every day, every hour, every minute of our Christmas. On the feast itself, he handed out sugar plums in abundance to the dirty, but delighted, Irregulars. The heavens opened and showered them with cakes and pies, mufflers, gloves, socks and boots, (which I told them firmly were to be worn, not converted into sordid specie for the purchase of tobacco and surreptitious tots of gin) oranges and nuts, clasp knives (which I knew perfectly well would be used to assist my urchins to commit numerous small crimes) and bright new shillings. When they left, sticky, surfeited and awed, he visited Mrs Hudson with our gift to her, a ridiculously expensive shawl, after the purchase of which he had assured me ‘my grandmother had just such an one, Holmes, and very fine she looked in it.’ He regaled Janey and her siblings with similar largesse to the Irregulars: never was there a man who so loved to give.
‘You are the best of good fellows,’ I put my arm around his shoulders – it was still thrilling to me to initiate any caress, even the slightest  – and he leaned into my embrace. ‘Thank you, Watson. I do not know what I would do without you.’
Ellis was a medical student at St Thomas’s – thank God he was not at Barts - and hung on Watson’s every word with flattering attention: he was a fine-featured, handsome young man, with strong brows, a prominent nose, and a dark, bushy beard. Although younger, he had this in common with Watson, that both had travelled – he in Australia, that barren, cultureless wilderness – and during the interval of Gilbert and Sullivan’s faerie fantasia, as we mingled together in the bar (for their seats were, fortunately, at some remove from ours, so at least I had my Watson to myself during the operetta) they swapped travel tales and stories of risks taken and dangers overcome. Listening to them, I found myself sadly aware that I had nothing comparable in my own life, and wondered if it made me an unfit companion for a man of Watson’s experience. Chubb, a round-headed youngster with a narrow chin, smiling mouth and extraordinarily wide-set eyes, was a civil service clerk. A dedicated auto-didact, he informed me in detail of his visits to the gymnasium to ensure a healthy body, and of his evening attendance at Birkbeck, a working men’s college, to study Greek and German, that he might read Plato and Kant in the original and thus ensure a healthy mind. I diverted his attention from Watson, whom he was regarding with a too-fascinated gaze, by some slight philosophical comments – I myself found Kant an engrossing study – and discovered him to have interesting ideas, with some originality of thought.
And then, when I did not answer, ‘Come, Holmes, give me your hand again. We must discuss this further: I cannot have you so distressed over something so natural.  In barracks, you know there is no privacy at all: we all know that these things happen: one both sees and does not see. If a man has needs he is at liberty to relieve them in quiet decency under the blanket, and no-one thinks the worse of him, but it is all quite easy and plain. Tell me, what must I say to make you feel at ease?’
It was an uneasy time we had of it as the year wore on into the summer. Although the denunciation against us was not immediately repeated, the fear that it might be would not leave me. If I had still been obscure, a struggling young man, I would have been safer. But I was not. Watson had, in the more than six years of our sharing rooms, set forth a few of my cases in little stories for the general public to peruse, and so I had become known for my work, as indeed had he. It was a notice which I had at first welcomed, since it brought custom to our door and increased our slender store of wealth. Then “
‘I can tell you whether I think Knights is telling the truth, or that I am certain he lies: no more. And that will not aid you at all. I am afraid that this is one of those cases where whatever your suspicions are, you can do nothing. I would, myself, put it down to some horror in him at what he has done, some lovers’ quarrel, or some rankling jealousy or spite on the part of the accuser, that he was not the preferred participant in the act. And I would dismiss the case for want of evidence. It would be the kindest thing to do.’
It was so easy for him to breach my defences. A kind word, an affectionate look, the little innocent caress – I would have done anything for him then.
‘Or the Prime Minister does not wish the matter to come to trial for fear of exposure. The Dublin Castle Scandal has put the fear of God into many, I think. Time was when all a gentleman had to say was that the person accusing him was mistaken or lying, and the charge would fall.’
‘If you are teasing me again then I believe you do not mistrust me.’ His brow had cleared, a little, although I could see he was slow to believe. ‘And that we may still be as one: true-hearted friends. As for your gift, my cupidinous friend, here it is.’
He tightened his clasp again, bent so that his cheek rested on my hair, and I felt his lips move against it. ‘Perhaps I should ask Hayter to take me fishing tomorrow, and you may remain on the sofa in the library to rest in the solitude you so desire. The dark mood will lift, Holmes; we know it will lift. And do not forget that you are still experiencing the after effects of the cocaine you took. For every action . . .’
'I would hope not to be alone.' I told him, 'but to be whole, and sound and free, living as I wish, with the best of good fellows at my side - if he can bear with me while I wrestle with my demons and overcome them. And sharing our livelihoods, as now we do, you would not be too poor. I shall write my magnum opus, and keep bees, as we once discussed, and I shall not be bored. And perhaps you might grow vegetables, as well as write - I am sure there is much to be said for the humble cabbage, and its companions - and - and roses, John. Could you bear with me, do you think, for the sake of a future growing roses while I tend my bees? And then, perhaps, the plain gold band?'
'To tell you, I must go back a little way.' He pushed the cup away. 'I cannot drink this: my stomach is roiling. Can we - I cannot get warm, Holmes: I must sit by the fire.'
‘I do not believe there is any law upon the statute books that legislates against the introduction of rats into a household, Lestrade, and for the rest, I was merely a rat-catcher plying my trade in the street. I did not go uninvited, indeed, they welcomed me with open arms. Am I to blame that I have eyes and ears? And do you not wish to know what I have to tell? We have already said that there appears to be some conspiracy here. It is not the ordinary criminal who is hard to catch, it is the one who hides behind a façade of respectability. Moran, Milverton and Worth, whom we believe to be leagued together in crime – discreet, covert, unprovable crime - are received in society; the Prince of Wales has dined at houses in which they are welcomed. I have this lead – miraculously, wonderfully given me, when I was not expecting it - and are you telling me I should not investigate it? The name Moriarty is derived from two Irish words that signify a navigator, Moran’s name is derived from a word which means ‘big’ or ‘great’. In Antwerp two years ago now, when I was looking into the sale of diamonds for the respectable Mr Wernher, I discovered that the apparently respectable Mr Henry Judson Raymond, whom you know, and I know – whom Pinkerton’s and the Sûrété know – to be Adam Worth, American criminal, and untouchable, since nothing is ever traced back to him - ’ I stopped to draw breath.
I poured Watson’s sherry, and went slowly up the stairs, unsure of my welcome, so that my tap on his door was a feeble, tentative thing.
I could do nothing else, for I was frozen there as he brushed the ointment over my bruised cheek. His hands were warm, and his touch gentle, though impersonal as a doctor’s should be. I closed my eyes, and tried not to shiver.
‘ – not so; I take issue with that, but continue, my dear fellow. You were explaining to me that the possibility of cowardice disturbs you, as if there has never been a man who has not, for at least once in his life, quailed before some threat that seems nothing to another but is everything, and all-terrible to him. I do not believe it is cowardice. What then?’
June and July saw Watson back at Barts, working hard, and with renewed energy for his London waifs and strays, while I idled away my time with a series of run-of-the-mill cases for Lestrade and Gregson, whose rivalry, it had to be said, had reached the point where, like a pair of professional beauties, they came nigh to stabbing or poisoning each other. It amused me to play them off against each other, although I had to be careful in so doing, since I needed the cases they provided. My own personal clientele was not yet paying me enough for me to dispense with the Yard’s patronage. We were doing well, Watson and I, but not quite well enough, and although I could see, as August brazened the dusty air and curled the horse chestnut leaves with prematurely autumnal tints, that he yearned for the glades of the New Forest, or the shingle of some breezy beach, I was obliged to veto any further holidays lest we deplete our bank accounts too gravely. The singular affair of the two ears packed in a cardboard box came just in time to save us both from terminal ennui, and although it was a sad business, as such love-caused murders often are, it replenished our funds, and sent us into the autumn in fair financial weather.
‘Anything,’ I said. ‘You may ask me anything, only do not be silent. Do not - ’ reject me, I was about to say, but the words dried in my throat.
‘They are idealists,’ I replied. I took a bite of fish, which at least served to give me time to reply. ‘Ellis is an interesting man. There is more about him than at first appears, and I predict a future which will bring him to men’s notice. Chubb is an idealist – an white-hot enthusiast for his cause. Only time will tell whether he retains those enthusiasms, and they carry his ideals into reality, or whether he cools to mediocrity and becomes a civic functionary with a soul as dry as his files. Even with closer knowledge, I would never call either of them friend, if that is your question. I do not count many men among my friends, as you know. In fact, it is you only who may lay sole claim to that rather dubious distinction.’
I tightened my clasp around his shoulders, and held him. I knew his tears flowed fast, but we said nothing. There was nothing more to say, only mourning, he for the innocence lost, betrayed, dying, I for the young man he had been then, and the girl he had not saved. The fire died down, the room grew dark, and rain beat against the window. Still we sat there, his hand in mine, powerless against the cruelty that had taken a young life – two lives - and a boy’s innocence with one blow.
‘No,’ I said. I would put it off no longer. ‘It is only - ’ I rose, and fetched my case down from the rack, unstrapped and opened it. ‘It is this, Watson.’ And I placed the morocco case into his hands. ‘Open it. It is the, the answer to a question you asked me, a little while ago, and I promised to answer when I could.’
‘What manner of friend puts the man whom – his dearest – his only true friend in such danger?’ I said. ‘It was inexcusably careless of me, John. You could have died. I cannot forgive myself. I should not.’
‘I have my doubts about the wisdom of ruining a good cigar with coca.’ Watson took up the cheroot and rolled it thoughtfully between his fingers. ‘Ah, it is the wrapper only that is tobacco: the internal structure is pure coca leaf. We have improved since the days when any leaf that was obtained in this country had already suffered greatly from the ravages of insects during transportation, that much is clear. Freud mentions that early experiments with the leaf found that after transport it had lost most of its effect. And the cigarettes are wrapped in rice paper, I see. Well, I do not suppose that they will ever replace our pipes, my dear fellow, but one must make an effort to try. You mentioned solutions; in what form do they come?’
‘An’ can ye not be satisfied with meself, then, Doctor Watson? Am I not fine enough for ye? Me heart’s broken, Sir, broken, an’ who’s to mend it?’
(I hid a smile at this: it was not my persuasions that had won the young man over, but Watson’s careful doctoring, offered, as it always was, without reference to the social standing of the patient. I could keep my informants sweet with filthy lucre, but Watson won their loyalty with patient kindness. And no matter how much he grumbled and growled at the outset, he doctored every waif and stray he found.)
Information about Edward Carpenter - he was amazing: do read about him - is from his autobiography 'My Days and Dreams'.
‘Because – because the – we are taught – it is wrong for men to love men and women to love women. It is taught to us in our childhood, John. That for man to love man, and woman to love woman, beyond the bounds of a decorous friendship, is an abomination. An unspeakable crime.’
The tea was not brought by the little maid – a village child, innocent as the day about the unconventional household she worked in – but by Stark, who demonstrated a fatherly, if restrained attention to his young master, and demanded of Watson if it would be necessary for him to call the apothecary and procure a composing draught. This my doctor declined, saying that it was the merest temporary issue, but Musgrave remained subdued for the rest of the day. He retired early, pleading indisposition, and leaving Watson and myself in undisputed possession of his library.
unnatural, for I do not deem them so – if it be carried out in the afterlife can be discounted in our reckoning of right action: to have fear of such, one must believe in an afterlife. You do not, therefore hell has no torments for you.’
My escort stopped at the entrance to an alley, and held out his hand. ‘Gi’s the money, Mister. I ain’t goin’ furth’r ‘n this.’
1888 is the year of the Jack the Ripper murders. I have chosen neither to ignore them, as Conan Doyle does, nor to have Holmes investigate them, as many authors do. Nor have I made any of my characters turn out to be the Ripper himself.
He smiled. ‘No, they offered me coin, which I begged them to redirect toward one of the free beds, and I enquired tentatively about the Greek honey, thinking that they might have some for their personal use, for it cannot be found here, you are right. You have been so out of sorts lately, and I wanted to procure a small unusual pleasure for you. And perhaps I thought to turn your mind back to your bees, your busy little multitudes. The study of their ways and habits proved efficacious formerly in ridding you of your melancholy: I thought on this occasion it might also.’
‘Then I beg your pardon, my dear fellow. I shall doubt no longer: after all, you have never failed my faith. And I am the dullest of mortals: it is not surprising you see the pattern where all is dark to me.’
‘But why keep me in the dark?’ I knew what he was not saying. A partner – a working colleague - might, for expediency’s sake, be kept in the dark. But we were lovers in all but the flesh. How could I explain?
‘I can see that. You have lost flesh, Holmes, even in a few days, and you have none to lose.’ He went to the door, and opened it for the waiter, ‘Thank you.’
The Criminal Law Amendment Act was much in our minds. November and December had brought to our knowledge several cases of indecency trials resulting from the new Act: it was universally cried out upon as being itself the reason why there were so many cases brought, one judge even going so far as to say that the publicity given to the ills of prostitution and the abuse of young girls and boys had brought the crime before evil minds so that they were more inclined to the practice. I did not agree with him – good heavens, who would not want the perpetrators of abominable crimes against children to be brought to justice? – but I saw it was now infinitely easier to blackmail man or woman. An accusation, it seemed would do it.
Mr. Trelawney Hope dropped his head on his chest and groaned aloud. The Prime Minister placed his hand kindly upon his shoulder.
He smiled, and it was rueful. ‘I had not the money, nor the standing, nor the connexion to buy into a practice, Holmes. It was my plan to go into the army, to cover myself with glory, and to come home with honour, and a modicum of wealth, enough to buy a practice, and a home. And then perhaps . . .’
I made some excuse and stole quietly away to the window, where I stood, looking out into the street. I could not bear to hear any more. Here was a man, an invert, as was I, openly avowing his preferences, his ‘affectional nature’ as he called it. To say he was shameless would have been wrong: he did not see anything to be ashamed of. He had openly accepted his own nature. He had sought fulfilment, had lain in men’s arms and experienced – what I would never experience. I had thought myself accustomed to my own desires. I knew myself to be an invert: what more was there to know? I did not seek to conceal my nature by marriage to some wretched woman; I was not such a cheat. I merely refrained from seeking what I had had to own to myself I desperately wanted. I had thought myself above love, but I was not. I thought myself brave for acknowledging my own inversion, but this man was braver than I for despite the dangers and difficulties, he had persisted, with a curious innocence that seemed to defy the world, in finding his own measure of love with his own kind. He had not meant his words to sting, he had spoken innocently – he was well meaning, and with goodwill to all as was plain to be seen – but his words had barbs, and they had pierced me in tender places.
He held out a shaking hand, his face still turned from me, and I placed the glass within it. He trembled so much that I had to put my hand over his and guide it to his lips. I could not think what to say to the man – I had meant so well, and done so ill. Once he was steadier, and sipping the brandy, I would have released his hand, and moved away, but he detained me.
‘And you cared for him, provided for him, suspecting, no, knowing him, to be an invert, and aware of his disease?’
‘But I have been told, Mr Holmes, that you understand human nature, none better, and can reason out what may have transpired. I do not wish you to intervene directly: matters have progressed too far for that. My dear young friend, the Countess Ethel, whom I have known since she was a merry, romping little girl, has already been confined to an institution. I have seen her there, and I fear there may be nothing to be done: more wretched a change in one I knew well I have never seen. But I wish to lay the facts of the case before you, and to understand, if I may, what has led to this change. Then I may know if I can ameliorate her state, or if not, at least provide what solace and care I may in her situation. And I wish for justice for her, if nothing else. For I do not believe that she was ever insane, but has been made so by her most unfortunate marriage.’
One hundred and forty seven guineas he’d have had, for the nine months, sixteen or so guineas a month, and five months of it possibly spent before I met him. Sixty four guineas at the most for four months, and thirty of them set aside for our six months’ rent and good lodging. Thirty four guineas was all his poor living then, and that for six months, if he wanted to stretch it to July: seven hundred and fourteen bright silver shillings to stretch over one hundred and eighty days. About three shillings and ten-pence ha’penny a day, by rough reckoning . .  . Twenty-seven or so shillings a week, and five of them a week at least on his laundry for he was fastidious as a cat. It did not leave much for his
‘I have no idea either; I swear I did not leave it there when I returned yesterday. No matter. It is pleasant, is it not, Holmes, to be able to do a little good? I am grateful for poor Mr Holder’s generosity, for we can spread it far and wide. It is surprising to me how much real benefit and unalloyed joy may be bought with the expense of but a few pounds - surprising, and so pleasant that I wonder more do not avail themselves of the opportunity.’
‘I have them still,’ he said. Another, lesser, man might have sounded shamefaced, but he was matter of fact, even fond. ‘I pressed them and kept them. It is sentimental of me, no doubt, but I love to look on them.’
‘You comfort me now, more than you can ever know. I must sleep; it is late and I can do no more. I feel I have wept for a twelvemonth. I cannot thank you enough for bearing with my unmanliness. May I – may I speak freely of this to you, Sh – Holmes? Or does it disgust you too much?’
‘I think the judge was – was more kindly disposed to Knights and those like him than he could well say,’ I said. I could not tolerate a silence just then, nor could I bear to discuss what might be germane to us, to Watson and to myself. I had never, I thought, been more unhappy: a weight seemed gradually to be crushing me, slow, inexorable, merciless. ‘Did - did you notice his – his hesitations of speech? He would have had a stammer as a child, I think; perhaps because he was trained out of using his left hand, for although he wrote with his right, I noticed that like you, he preferred to lift his glass with the left, and it was with the left he habitually gestured, as if it were the more natural. I have often noticed the same hesitation of speech with people who are forced to use a hand that is not naturally dominant: in any case, he had, as I said, trained himself out of the stammer – of course, for he must use oratory in his day to day work, and one cannot have a judge be stumbling and hesitating – but when he was moved, or uncertain, it returned. I think he – I think he was an invert himself, perhaps, and therefore he was all the more concerned to be just, as well as merciful, to poor Knights.’
‘Put your head between your knees.’ His hand was on the back of my neck, and the firm grip both calmed and steadied me. ‘There, my dear, just a little longer, until the dizziness has passed off and what blood you have left is returned to that reckless brain of yours. Mrs Hudson, just put the tea down and fetch me the brandy, if you please. Mr Holmes is feeling a little faint.’
Means. Motive. Opportunity. My mind showed me the means, the cocaine enabling it in ever more fantastical schemes that delighted my brain even as they revolted my spirit. But my heart rejected those means, those miscegenate offspring of a sick fancy; my heart forbade them, for to have acted thus would have been to forfeit not only self-respect, but the respect of the man whom above all others I revered. Watson could never have loved a criminal - indeed, though our love itself might be deemed criminal in the eyes of the world, that he, clean-souled and pure-hearted, could entertain it, cherish it in that noble breast, proved its utter rightness in my eyes.
‘Of course I am not averse. The fact I do not relish female company as you do does not mean I think women less capable. Would you call Lady Hilda incapable? She had wit enough to retrieve the letter on her own, and I daresay even without us she would have found a way to ensure its discreet return. She held out against our investigations until
‘Of course.’ I could not think of any reason for him to question me. ‘Why would I not be? Do I seem to you to be such a misanthropic wretch as not to rejoice for another’s happiness? I am not, you know.’
‘The air strikes chill despite the sun,’ he agreed, and turned towards me. ‘May I offer you an arm, Holmes, if you are cold? Two walk together warmer than one, you know. Unless you do not wish to, of course. It was always our habit at the University: was it not yours?’ he added, quickly, for he must have seen my uncertainty in my face.
‘And for mine. What of it? We have bathed together, John, you have held my head and I yours while in the throes of sickness. We sain each other’s bruises, bind each other’s cuts. I did not mind it. I was glad to be held. My head was spinning, and you were warm and comfortable. There was nothing wrong with what we did.’
‘Holmes . . . .’ it was the thread of a whisper from the bed. ‘Holmes, do as Mrs Hudson says. You have not left my side for days; and if I have not eaten, then neither have you. I shall have you fainting from inanition if you do not eat, and then where will I be?’
‘Perhaps I was too tired.’ We let ourselves into the silent inn, and crept up the stairs. ‘And I am no great lover of women, as you well know. There is only one bed, Watson, albeit a large one. Pray take it, my dear fellow, and I will content myself with the couch in the sitting room: I do not expect to sleep much.’
All names of characters at the British legations and elsewhere were actually there at the time stated. When I put words into their mouths, they are based on any published writings of theirs I can find.
Watson shook his head in response to Lestrade's questioning glance. 'She cannot. I am amazed that she managed to walk at all, given the nature of her injuries, or to speak. I imagine you will get no more than that from her, Lestrade: Haslip and I expect coma to supervene shortly - and it will be merciful when it does, for pain such as hers, I cannot medicate away.'
‘Because they wasted their substance on male lovers, and were therefore thought to be effeminate, and easily swayed. They were deemed not to govern honestly.’
‘Forgive me,’ Unselfconscious as a child, he wiped his finger over the offending substance, and licked it. ‘There, is that better?’
He handed me a glass. ‘Pray, Mr Holmes, drink. I believe you will find this pleasant. It is the golden wine of Mediasch in Transylvania – an unusual vintage, and leaves an agreeable sting upon the tongue. No, it was your companion,’ he bowed to Watson, ‘of whose company I was fain. And of course, where Mr Holmes goes, Dr Watson will always follow. You are seen about so much together, such good companions as you are. Six years you have shared rooms, have you not? Your devotion to each other is charming, quite charming.’ I was alarmed now, for there could be no mistaking his meaning. He held the other glass out for Watson to take.
'Perhaps they are. But in any case, knowing that you are dear to me - surmising it, even if they do not know how dear - they strike at me through you. I am sorry, John. I am a dangerous friend to have: you have faced risk at my side before, but not like this.'
‘Sit there and close your eyes: I will wait with you, and then when the noise has died down, we will steal away quietly so you may rehearse the music over again in your head without interruption. I shall not disturb you: you may have your contemplation.’
‘I should not smile when the fate of a nation hangs in the balance; it is inappropriate in the extreme, but I confess that I love to see you engaged so deeply in your work. I rejoice – you cannot know how much I rejoice -  to see this lightening of your mind when it has wearied in darkness so many days, my dear, my very dear Holmes. And you amuse, as well as delight me: let me say it. Do you know that your whole appearance alters when you are thus? Your eyes gleam, you knit your brows, and compress your lips: any villain seeing you would be terrified. No hunting dog on a scent is as eager as you. I love to see you animated, exalted, happy – and with a clean, a wholesome cause for your excitation.’
‘I cannot think what to do now,’ he told me. ‘I must settle what is consonant with my duty as a physician, and my duty as a friend. But we are still friends, Holmes, and that you may hold to. You must decide for yourself, what you take and when. I would rather you did not take it at all, although I know that would be hard.’ He paused, reached across, and patted my shoulder. ‘Do you think you can sleep, Holmes, now? Is your mind easier? I will help you all I can, be sure of it.’
‘And one whose powers seem superior to his opportunities. Watson, I should like to spend a week here: I must investigate the neighbourhood.’
‘Thank you.’ He was quiet for a moment, as though considering my words. ‘You are kind yourself to say so, Holmes. Sometimes I feel – I had hoped my life would be different. I am not – not unambitious. Was not unambitious, as you know. I had dreams of fame, and perhaps fortune. They seem far away now. I am – I must be – content with what I have, for I will most assuredly have no more. So perhaps that is why it pleases me to be talking to these great men, and to have my opinion, my small experience, valued. I do not feel envy. But it – solaces me a little to know that I could have had that, and that I still have something to offer. And I teach myself to be content, so I am.’
‘Thank you, Watson,’ said I, rapping discreetly at the door. ‘It is entirely possible that I may never forget that you said that. Especially the Juvenal and the cathartics.’
I edged a little closer to his side, wishing I could lean into him further, embrace him, slip an arm around his waist under his gown. Our intimacy progressed – he had, indeed embraced me in similar fashion, the previous night under the moon – but I was too uncertain of my ground to make further advances. We had walked arm in arm or hand in hand for hours, in a landscape transfigured by mysteries of light and shadow, and returning at length at moonset, he had stood breast to breast with me for a second before bidding me goodnight and turning away to his own room. Now, in the cold light of day, no moon-madness running in our veins, I was too timid to ask for all I wanted. And Watson was himself again: the quiet and sober doctor. The smaller intimacy of reading together that last day of our holiday was all I could hope for.
I gave Watson his water, and settled a blanket over his legs, enquiring whether he wanted the fire building up, for although it was summer a slow, weeping rain had been falling all day, and I thought the house struck chill. He thanked me with a smile and a shake of the head before recounting young Holder’s – he of the Beryl Coronet affair – blackmailing letter, and how he had owned to an indiscretion that he had been lured into by a plausible young man . . . and of Colonel Moran’s part in the affair.’
‘Nor I.’ He held out my coat for me. ‘But at least if Lady Laura has been helped to support her in her confinement, that is an advantage, and I daresay you will have this Mrs Forrester she mentioned visiting for advice also. You saw how grateful our friend Miss Stoner was over that wretched business with the snake: it would not be a bad thing if it got about that women may come to us for help. Put on your scarf and hat: this March wind is cold.’
He bolted at that, clear through the drawing room, and upstairs. I closed my ears to the muffled sounds from his room: I did not fully understand why he was so overset, for I had meant to please, not dismay him, and now saw my plans in ruins. I did not go to him, for fear of upsetting him further, but instead waited patiently.
Greatly daring, I moved to stand behind him as he sat in his chair by the fire, ruefully contemplating the box of temptation in his lap. ‘Put that aside for a moment, my dear fellow. It is here that it hurts you most, is it not?’ I probed his shoulder with care, feeling through dressing gown and shirt. I had long since, with the help of an anatomy textbook, deduced his wound. The bullet had entered from the front – he was no coward, my Watson, to be shot in the back, fleeing from an enemy – piercing him under his clavicle, grazing the subclavian artery, and exiting through the scapula, ripping the infraspinatus muscle with it. The incompetent butchers who had treated him had laid torn muscle and flesh back together, stabilised the broken bone by binding the whole shoulder – I had asked Stamford about the treatment for such injuries – and left it to heal, but infection had set in back and front, and they had had to cut and cut to remove rot and proud flesh. It was a mangled ruin, a corrugated, seamed mass still raw and shiny in places. He did not yet have full sensation in all parts of it, or full movement of the shoulder joint, and as I manipulated it gently I could feel the pull and grind. He tensed under my touch. ‘Holmes?’
I was an invert, that much I knew. If I had desires, and although I had tried to suppress them, I had to own that I did have desires, then they were most certainly for men, since no woman had ever stirred my reluctant, timorous loins. Yet not ‘for men’. Nothing in the world would have tempted me to do as Cornwall had, as these men had. Nothing would have caused me to stretch out a hand to any chance passer by: it was for one man, for one man’s touch that I burned. If not he – and as the days of the trial dragged on, I saw that it could not be he, that it would never be he – then it would be no-one. I saw that I would live virgin until my death. He was my lodestone: my heart’s compass would point to no other North.
‘More than I had thought I would,’ he admitted, and cleared his throat. ‘I – damn it, Holmes, it is not that I do not enjoy music. It is that it moves me sometimes unbearably – stirs that in me which I would fain -  ’
He closed the little Bible, not without a regretful caress of its cover, and rose from his seat to replace it in the drawer of his desk. Mute with distress now, I handed him my book to replace his, and he clasped my shoulder kindly.
Matters stood thus in October, when there came a case that both anguished and relieved me. The day had been warm – unseasonably warm, even stifling, with a fine, drifting drizzle that wrapped London in a sticky cloud. I lay curled on the sofa, in my shirtsleeves, unable to bear the rasp of wool against my skin, and reading a letter from brother Mycroft, which gave me unwelcome pause for thought. Watson roused me from my cogitation by sighing heavily, and throwing down his paper. The slightest exercise of my deductive faculty enabled me to discern his train of thought: it was not difficult then, to amaze him by elucidating it for him. It was clear that he had been once more engaged on ruminating over the sadness and horror, and useless waste of life that was war. Although his eyes had brightened initially, as he looked at the portraits of Gordon and Beecher, and he’d revisited his romantic views of gallantry and glory in combat, he had soon fallen into melancholy. When his hand stole towards his own old wound, rubbing and pressing his shoulder as if the flesh were yet tender and healing, when his smile quivered on his lips, and he shook his head, I knew it was time to rouse him from reverie. How quick he was to smile at me! How swift to praise and wonder as I deduced him! As his eyes softened, and he gazed at me, how easily I could have knelt at his feet and confessed my love to him. Instead I jumped up, opened the window, and felt that the murky air had cooled a little, freshening with the night’s breeze. He was quick to respond to my suggestion of a ramble, and although it was well past dark, we went out into the thoroughfares of London, wandering Fleet Street, and the Strand.
Would he come to see me? I waited. I heard his footsteps – he wandered indecisively, it would seem, from window to door, and back again. At length he tapped on my door, and I told him to enter.
She wiped her eyes again, and Watson patted her hand. ‘I am sure you were very distressed,’ he said. ‘I am so sorry, Lady Laura. So very sorry. It seems as if your young friend is in a state of great unhappiness, and one must compassionate with her. And you say that the doctors have pronounced her insane? It sounds to me more as if she is miserable and frightened than mad.’
It was the man who had been standing with Moran at our previous concert: he against whom I had felt an instinctive revulsion arise in my breast. The slow, reptilian head movement was the same, the stooped, ascetic mien, the domed forehead. But the Professor’s deeply sunken eye gleamed now with no kindly light, and when Watson extended a friendly hand to shake the claw offered to him, that eye burned brighter and fiercer yet.
Holmes went under the alias of Sigerson during his time in Tibet. He was also believed to have been in India, where he took part in 'The Great Game', the intricate, dangerous duel of spying that took place along the Afghan border, where Russia was testing the borders of British India. Mycroft, of course, was deeply involved in this.
'Siobhán,' he owned, with a wan attempt at a smile. 'You are trying to distract me, Holmes.' Despite his half-hearted remonstrance, he held out his hand as of old habit and I dropped the obligatory sovereign into his palm. 'It is the Irish form of Joan or Joanna, as I am given to understand.'
‘I know. If – if you will go to bed now, I will play the Dichterliebe for you. I know that you love the music.’
I could have lied. Perhaps I should have lied, but I would not lie to him. I opened my heavy lids, submitted to his examination. His face was so close to mine, his own dear eyes more anxious than angry. His hands were tender on my face, despite his sharp words. I swayed closer to him, desperate to touch.
David reference: in the Bible, King David is in love with the resolutely loyal to her husband and chaste Bathsheba. Since she will not give in to David, he sends her husband, Uriah, to the front line of battle, so that when he is killed David can take his wife.
‘I very much fear that their price has gone the way that the fifty thousand borrowed upon them will go, Watson. I fear that their price is the tribute paid to a blackmailing scoundrel who has wrung each penny in heart’s blood from some scion of the noble family. I fear their tribute is not fully paid yet: certainly more stones will have to be converted sooner or later. A blackmailer does not stop as long as there is money to be extorted from his quivering prey. Oh, Mr Holder, Mr Holder – what a puzzle you have set me! It is not the broken coronet only – that is a minor matter, and when I see our friend Shinwell Johnson in an hour or so, I know he will put me on the track of their fence. But the blackmail behind it: I cannot see my way to discovering who is the principle there. Who is the man, I ask myself -  but I cannot yet tell.’
‘A man. Of course.’ Lestrade looked at Watson, and then at me, his gaze coolly assessing. ‘Of course. It was aimed at more than Dr Watson: well, I am not surprised. If you could be made the subject of the common bounce, then Mr Holmes might be – implicated, let us say, since you share rooms.’
‘Will you not take us into your confidence? Will you not sit down and allow us to work with you? I am sure Mr Holmes and I between us can reassure you that I am no murderer. And I am willing to make a statement if you so desire.’ Watson was unnaturally pale now, I thought, whether from the pain of his leg, or the pain of the accusation, I was not certain.
TL/DR: during the 1880s and 1890s, much of the British political establishment had been at Eton, and a sizeable proportion of it had come under the influence of Browning and Cory who actively promoted Greek model erastes/eromenos relationships between older men and teenage boys (relationships which involved love letters, moonlight walks, protestations of passionate devotion, kisses and embraces - although possibly not genital contact).
‘I was quite young,’ I said. ‘At – at the university.’ My mind raced: would it be possible to tell my tale without revealing myself completely? It might, if I chose my words carefully. ‘It is a long story, but – I was foolish, and also lonely. I chose my friendships – friendships, forsooth: there had been but one - poorly, and spoiled them, and I paid a price. The morphia was part of it.’
She sighed and looked away, and Watson, murmuring some sympathetic anodyne, offered her a replenished glass. ‘Was it a love match? Or one of convenience?’
He was close beside me now, and nodded down to the foyer, where Watson, having finished his conversation with his colleague, was listening, his expression patient, his mien grave, and his head courteously inclined, to Mrs Forrester and her companion, who we had met, by chance - an unwelcome chance - as we entered the Savoy for our performance of Yeomen of the Guard. ‘How pleasant to see the good doctor engaged with a pretty young girl, rather than dancing attendance on a professed invert, do you not think? Rather than coupling his life to that of a man with hereditary tendencies of the most diabolical kind -  an individual in whose blood runs a criminal strain which, instead of being modified, is increased and rendered infinitely more dangerous by his extraordinary mental powers - he is doing the normal, the natural thing. Perhaps there is hope for him yet.’
‘Blood! Stand and let me see. Good grief, man, what have you been about? Here is altogether too much; your trousers are soaked. Into the bathroom with you instantly, and let me see what you have done. You are a wretched fellow, why did you not wake me if you were on an errand of danger?’
'I take your meaning. For most, murder is the last resort of the tormented, driven to extremity, or brought to bay, the life is taken to relieve extremity or provide release  Moriarty orders death easily: it is a light matter to him. All lives are at his mercy then. Surely that argues some monstrous deficiency of - of soul, of common - well, humanity? And he prefers the appearance of accident to allay suspicion, which might bring inconvenience to him.'
‘They are ripped and there is a damn great patch of blood, you foolish fellow. What did you do? No wait, I cannot see to this with you standing. Come into your bedroom, and lie on the bed. Put your arm over my shoulder, that is right, and onto the bed with you. Good, that will do. No, lie down flat. We shall do finely now. Tell me my dear boy: how did this happen?’
‘Aye, and a shameful proceeding that was also; it is not that her house is disorderly for it is very well run. A man may go there to satisfy whatever vice he has, and some of those who do are very highly placed indeed. The case was hurried through the courts at all speed, with the learned judge sweating on the bench for fear that noble names would be revealed as frequenters of her damn brothel. The old wretch pleaded guilty, was ably defended by Montague Williams, and was set a fine which she will need only to apply to one of her titled patrons to pay. But there will be no justice for her unfortunate girls. It is a travesty entirely.’
When I re-read Petrarch’s sonnets, I realised exactly how significant it is that ACD makes Holmes read them. They are desperately moving on the subject of unattainable or lost love. All of ACD’s choices for Homes’ and Watson’s reading can be read as significant: there is a high proportion of love poetry.
‘No’ I admitted, the words thick and heavy on my tongue. ‘It was not for the case. I went with Dupré. To an opium den, yes. In Limehouse, somewhere. He became intoxicated: I, as you see, did not. I took him to his house in a cab,’ Watson growled, low under his breath, ‘and then I walked home. I am as you see me, Doctor. Elevated, perhaps, but not intoxicated.’
was there for a surety: people of whom I knew, but who would not know or recognise me in the street should we meet. We were not of a kind. The crowds eddied and parted, allowing glimpses of London’s finest. Gladstone was there, talking to Sir William Harcourt.  Worth had moved, and was now deep in discussion with William Agnew, the picture dealer under whose lax supervision the Gainsborough portrait of the Duchess of Devonshire had so regrettably been stolen some years ago. A stout, clean-shaven man, whose name I did not know joined them. He was in his late forties, soft, and luxuriously dressed in a coat with a collar of very fine astrakhan. His carroty, receding hair was brushed back from an intellectual forehead and keen grey eyes behind gold-rimmed spectacles twinkled – a disagreeably knowing twinkle – as he glanced from one to other. An amiable smile at Worth, a nod, a brief exchange of comments, and he moved on. Millais, who was talking to du Maurier, turned and gave the man a deliberate stare: he smiled courteously, lifted his hat, and spoke a word or two, leaving the celebrated artist grim-faced. As he walked away, Millais said something to du Maurier, who shrugged, dismissive.
‘It is “true maid,” not “honest maid”: if you are quoting, for all love, at least quote accurately. Well then, you are right. Piers Gaveston, and George Villiers. The favourites of those two ill-reputed kings.’
An hour or so later, we found ourselves in a first-class carriage flying along en route to Exeter. To begin with, it was necessary for me to concentrate my attention upon the newspapers I had brought from Paddington: there were minutiae about the case of which I was not yet thoroughly master. At length, however, I was able to dispense with them (they fitted nicely under the seat) and search for my cigar case.
‘I have,’ I replied, gravely, and I had. I had woken him now on more than one occasion, standing and calling him softly, beguiling him back to the world. Sometimes he would turn away from me when he woke, shamed and shaking, and then I set his brandy down by him, and retreated without a word, to spare him. Sometimes he would utter a word of thanks, stretch out his hand, and I would give him the glass. Once our fingers touched. I felt his trembling, and he uttered a wordless apology, and pulled away. Once he smiled at me, and called me a good fellow, and kind to him. Kind! Would that I could have been kinder! Would that I could have been tender to him in his distress! I scarcely knew what tenderness was, either given or received, but for him I would have learned.
