“Stark! Get your head out of the clouds, you’re on deck.”
“Oh my god, shut up.”
Bittersweetness closes up his throat as they sneak out of the back exit of the hotel and walk the couple of blocks down the street to where Steve had parked. They’re on an empty, dilapidated street, Tony holding Steve’s hand openly because he knows he’ll have to let go at any moment. He still clings to him as they make it to the car, Steve laughing and gently trying to pry Tony’s hands off the soft material of his hoodie.
His footsteps echo as he walks around the stadium, passing through the deserted weight lifting room. He can hear the familiar set of voices before he even opens the door leading into the connected facilities.
“How is that even possible? You guys live together. Ever heard of carpooling?”
“Quill?” Tony wrinkles his nose and stares down into the cup suspiciously. “Should we test for laxatives?”
Bucky continues, unprompted. “I think you’re a smart enough guy to take my word on the reasoning behind what Steve says. He doesn’t ever want to feel like he’s holding someone back. He wants what’s best for everyone, even if the result isn’t great for him. Of course Steve wants you to stay in New York and be with him on the team. He’s not the type to just send you away because he’s scared.” Bucky takes a thoughtful pause, seeming to war with the words he says next. “It’s my fault that Steve ever had to step down from his career in the Majors. He was one of the best players at the time, but to him, if we couldn’t play together, he didn’t care. You two are kind of similar in that regard, I think.”
He pounds on the door repeatedly. "Tony, open up! I know you're in there, I need to talk to you! It's an emergency!" Steve keeps knocking when no answer comes. "Tony, please. It's Steve." Maybe giving his name is the wrong move. If there’s anyone Tony
With a fond sounding sigh, Steve’s own lips twitch into a smile as he releases his hold. “I know.”
“Strike two!”
, Tony thinks.
“Tony, don’t do this,” Steve begs, immediately holding his arms out to show the bodyguard he doesn’t mean to fight. His eyes don’t leave Tony’s, pleading for a change of heart. The man wordlessly seizes both of Steve’s arms, holding them behind his back as he forcibly removes him from the room. Steve’s feet dig into the carpet, their masses about matched as far as level of muscle goes. “
Tony sneers and tosses Steve a pair of goggles. "I do my best work drunk. Wear those if it makes you feel any safer." He flips a switch on the machine and reaches for some kind of arm that's suspended over the table. The machine hums loudly until a beam of bright blue light jets out in a perfect line. Tony starts guiding the laser along the pattern, his face set in deep concentration.
"Why do I have to go?"
Her pencilled eyebrows draw upwards in surprise and she pockets the cash. “Jeez. I’ll blow you out back for that kind of tip.”
While Steve is sure there are countless things to do in Tony’s apartment, it feels strange to just wander around and poke in his things. His stomach contests loudly and he decides if he’s going to invade Tony’s privacy, it might as well be somewhere harmless like the kitchen.
He doesn’t. Steve narrows his eyes and can’t stay seated any longer, knee aching a little when he stands. “What the hell do you mean? You can’t be coming back— That doesn’t— Why would you—” A deja vu of anger sweeps over him, reminded of the first time he was blindsided by his peers with the sudden addition of Tony Stark to their team. “Did they seriously sign you again without telling me?” He stalks back to the door, having no intent to apologize to Natasha for breaking the lock off of it. He could destroy everything in this office and still not consider things even between them after she betrayed his trust
Steve shrugs one shoulder, fingers flicking nervously at the corner of the worn out book. “Yeah, but yours looks a lot nicer than mine.”
“Hey,” he calls out to Tony, standing to follow him. “Why don’t we go out after the games today? We can check out that new glow-in-the-dark bowling place that Scott and Clint keep talking about if you want. Might brighten up your spirits?”
“One of our top stories this morning is the news that Tony Stark, the 28 year-old CEO of Stark Industries, has officially stepped down from the company, relinquishing all hold on the now multi-million dollar corporation. In the fall of ‘96, Stark had regained control of his family’s company after ending his career in Major League Baseball. In that short amount of time, he diversified the company’s interests beyond far more than making sports gear. Stark began investing in new branches supporting STEM research and design, becoming an immediate source for innovation in technology and clean energy sources. While there is no official ruling on who will be taking the helm of Stark Industries, it is rumored for COO, Virginia Potts to be promoted to President and CEO. Relatively unknown designer Riri Williams has been announced to be taking Stark’s secondary title of Executive Chief of Design, Stark himself announcing in his statement that he will still be a “consultant” for the company. This comes as a shock, especially with the opening of a bureau right here in New York being established a few short months ago—”
“I miss you too, Tony. The team misses you, even if they don’t want to admit it,” his chest vibrates with laughter as he gives his former player a squeeze. “You sure there’s no way I can convince you to come back? We don’t have to tell your dad.”
the best in the league—” he amends, immediately regretting it when he sees the man’s jaw clench. “Uh— But I guess that’s just semantics.”
Him and Steve being considered
Tony is about to ask her where she gets off charging into his house and yelling in his face until he sees the picture staring up at him in the folder. Tabloid covers are usually a hideous amalgamation of a bunch of different celebrity photos all jammed in and highlighted with red and yellow circles to grab people’s attention, text slapped down clumsily in heavy fonts of varying sizes with all the outlandish claims promised to be expanded on inside. This one is just a single photo blown up to fill the cover, and bold white block letters proclaiming:
“They’re actually not bad. Retz came up from the double-As and he’s pretty good. Doesn’t have a lot of stamina, but he’ll make for a good relief pitcher in a pinch. The other kid, though, he’s kind of a little surprise rockstar. I think he’s about seventeen or so? Looks younger than that even. Janet fished him straight out of the rookies, but he’s got some crazy talent.”
Steve frowns. Natasha pushes the Avengers harder than any coach Steve has ever had in the past, and she sure as hell didn't accept excuses unless you were basically dying, season already in the bag or not.
They haven’t worked up to
Rather than spend yet another author's note talking about how sorry I am for taking so long to update (very), I'll instead use it to point out that this chapter ended up being waaay beefier than I expected (another 30k+ lmao) and I ended up writing so much that I extended the story by another chapter!! What was formally a seven Chapter fic will now be EIGHT whole chapters!! And that's including an epilogue.
Hannah frowns. "Who? No, I was going to say you're not Bucky."
“Why’s it bother you so much, huh? You daffodils gotta stick together?”
Bucky isn’t looking at him now, staring out at the field with a furrowed brow. “Maybe you can.”
Now, it’s Steve’s turn. He meets Tony’s eyes with one last eyebrow raise.
"Is he still double majoring?"
“I s’pose not,” Tony mumbles, lifting his arm so his husband can snake one around his waist, pressing his back against Steve’s chest.
Steve hesitates outside the guest room, hearing a few dull thumps coming from Tony's room next door. He's just about to head in when he sees the door fly open, Tony stepping back out. He's got his shirt off now, a toothbrush hanging out of his mouth. He blinks a couple of times when he sees Steve in the hallway.
Tony nods and lets Steve take his hand and walk him into the bedroom. He drops all of his clothes onto a chair, shivering slightly as he crawls under the blankets. He curls onto his side, feeling the bed dip behind him as Steve sidles up against his back, wrapping an assuring arm around his waist. He feels Steve’s warm hand lay flat over his stomach, rubbing slow circles there.
Easily maneuvering the smaller man’s body to his liking, Steve spins Tony around and pins him up against the stall wall until they’re nose to nose. He captures Tony’s mouth in a biting kiss, tugging his lower lip between his teeth as he hoists one of Tony's legs up around his waist, lifting him off the ground slightly. His other hanging foot barely skims the ground, Steve feeling his toes curl against his leg as he begins to slide back into Tony.
“...I’m gay.”
,” He quotes aloud. “Words spoken by my father. A good mantra for life in general, wouldn’t you agree?”
Curiously, he carries the mystery gift into his apartment, pushing the sliding door shut with his foot. After shedding his layers and hanging the damp, snow-ridden garments on his coat rack, he takes the box over to his coffee table, pondering what it could be for only another moment before tearing into the shiny gold and crimson paper.
“It’s
Carol sets a pattern for Tony that wavers slightly depending on their opponent and if they’re playing one or two games that day, but is still predictable enough. She’ll play him for an entire game, all nine or more innings, and then let him have the next day off to sit on the bench and check in with the PTs. He also takes those days as an opportunity to sneak in a quick hour-and-a-half flight to New York for the day just to visit with Steve in secret.
There are alcoves spaced between the posters along the walls, each one containing various memorabilia on each shelf. Tony had exaggerated with the whole shrine comment, but… Only slightly. The recess holds not only his own merchandise, but relics from the other ball players on the walls as well. It is a bit trippy to see his original rookies jersey hanging up next to a Yankees cap signed by Joe DiMaggio and a bobblehead of Hank Aaron.
As usual, Steve is one of the first players to show up, discussing the line-up with Natasha as the rest of the team trickles in and begins their warm ups before the start of the game. Investors are filling their boxes, spectators are eagerly getting to their seats, and sure enough, the last player on their team finally wanders into the locker room.
"Some people aren't seeing it as disrespectful, though. People have gotten used to Howard Stark's new way of looking at baseball—"
“Sure, sure,” Tony gives Peter a little pat on the back. “Pitch well. You’ve got this.”
Tony is hyper aware that Steve’s little detour takes him an additional twenty minutes before he rejoins the rest of their team, and the fact that he takes note of this is infuriating. Before the game begins, they all gather around Rezzo to be inspired by some rousing speech in the tunnel. The man is confident and well-spoken, a very good choice to helm the best of the best from the IL and definitely less abrasive than Whitaker had been. They line up to head onto the field first, basemen in the front, fielders and designated players taking up the middle, while the pitchers bring up the rear. Tony is the very last player in line as the relief pitcher, adrenaline roaring in his ears as they wait for their cue to walk out, the sound of cheering all around them deafening.
All it takes to push Steve over the edge is hearing his name fall from Tony’s lips accompanied by a slew of curses. The sound triggers something so visceral inside of him that he’s worried he might get a hard-on in the middle of practice when Tony’s sailor’s mouth decides to make its usual frustrated appearance. He comes all across Tony’s back, the evidence of it quickly washed away beneath the spray of water. He continues to stroke Tony as he comes down from his orgasm, stopping only when he feels the man go slack in his arms, having to hold up his weight so they don’t both go slipping to the shower floor.
"Rogers!" Clint greets, clapping him on the back. "You find Stark and kiss him goodnight?"
“And the new pitchers? I haven’t heard a lot about them.”
With a surprising lack of sexual comments, Tony simply nods and gets to his feet, pulling the shirt off over his head before his hands drop to his pants. Steve’s eyes gravitate towards the dark line of hair from the bottom of his navel that disappears under the waistband of black underwear, quickly darting away once Tony gets the top button undone. He has the decency to turn around, stripping out of his own sopping clothes before he turns back to Tony, holding an arm out while keeping his gaze purposefully high. Tony wordlessly hands his own clothes over, turning his back to Steve as he steps back underneath the shower’s spray to warm himself up.
He drains another glass of bourbon as Steve sets the table, bringing over the chicken parmesan he’s made them for dinner. While Tony is more than happy with takeout and restaurant food, Steve makes it a point to cook for him as often as he can. Sarah was apparently a big proprietor of the kitchen, but Tony suspects that also just has to do with their class differences. Maria never stepped near a stove in her life, but who needed to when you could just hire a staff of chefs to do all the meal prep?
The Pacific Coast League win. Tony is happy with the outcome, of course, but there’s still a narrow-minded thought that runs through his head that is angry they had continued to do so well after he had left. The final score is 7-3, a highlight reel of the game playing on the screen. Tony only turns it off mute when he sees his own form sprinting to third base, cross-fading into his slide home.
“What do you mean? I came to check on my best friend,” he says, mockingly affronted. “The whole team’s been worried sick. Pierce and Coach Danvers allowed me to come out here to check on you on their behalf.”
He throws a dry look Steve’s way as he walks inside, the restaurant dark and seemingly empty. The little pizza joint is just a smaller portion of a much larger building, the back region split into half an arcade, and half a bowling alley. Tony walks forward and dings the little bell sitting at the abandoned counter.
Steve looks over at Tony to catch the tail-end of yet another eye roll. “
, Tony thinks, brow knitting together as he stares down at the cards yet again. “I cannot comment on baseless accusations that have been about me,” he parrots the response robotically.
Their revelry is eventually broken up by some of the airport staff who ask them to quiet down. This breaks the team up into smaller groups, Steve deciding to settle himself besides Natasha and Janet to discuss plans for the upcoming season. He can’t help but let his gaze drift off to where Tony is sitting, discussing something quietly with Banner. Bruce isn’t particularly close to anyone on the team, and seems like an unlikely choice for someone who would actually enjoy one-on-one time with a caustic extrovert like Tony. They seem to be getting along though, and even if Steve can’t hear their conversation, it’s nice to see Tony look so at-ease.
“Call him. The cell’s got a built in signal amplifier so the landlines being down won’t affect it. You can let him know that you’re unfortunately stuck with me for the holiday,” he says crossly, turning away from Steve again to go back to work.
The Avengers manage to match each run, the game already tied at 4-4 going into the second inning, essentially putting Tony in the exact same position he started in. His first two pitches go
“It doesn’t matter. We don’t have to talk about it,” he says quickly. He hears some shifting— Steve rolling over. “It doesn’t matter,” he repeats, voice sounding muffled now.
“Of course
“To be honest, a little overwhelming,” Steve chuckles. “I honestly never really thought I had what it takes to be captain of a team, but the Avengers have been like family to me the past few seasons. I’m honored to take on the role.”
Tony scrapes the food out of the skillet and onto his plate before flinging his spatula into the sink. “Fuck off, Ty.”
“Did you face them?” Steve asks after the silence stretches on and the door remains locked. Tony stares at him with uncertainty, the two of them finally able to look at each other in this moment of impasse. “Your demons.”
“Thank you, Nat,” Tony yells to her over the crowd when she’s finally back on the ground with them. They embrace tightly, Tony burying his face in her hair. She’s believed in him as his coach from day one, even when he was nothing but a thorn in her side. She never let him give up, always knew what was best for him as a person and a player, and even today gave him everything he wanted.
, Steve added mentally.
“Thanks, uh, Buddy,” Tony lets Steve wheel him in, clambering out of the stupid wheelchair as soon as the door shuts behind them. He stares woefully at the mini fridge in the room, surely stocked with tiny liquor bottles that he’d happily down one after another until they were all empty in any other circumstance.
“Out two!”
Natasha looks beautiful in her wedding dress. She’s always been the type of woman that looked stunning even covered in sweat and dirt, hair matted and tucked underneath a baseball cap. Seeing her now, wearing a bit of makeup, fiery locks curled into perfect waves that go mid-way down her back, wearing an elegant and simple white dress with lace sleeves and a long train— She’s stunning. There’s no other word for it.
Natasha's eyes narrow. "We'll see about that. Line up, everyone. Time to see what our new pitcher can do."
“Try again,” Tony urges.
“Yeah,” Tony lies with an easy smile.
They’ll make this work. They have to.
“I’m here for Tony Stark,” he says immediately, already fumbling his ID out of his pocket. “My name’s Steve Rogers, I’m his emergency contact. Is he okay?”
“Yep, they sure do grow up fast,” Steve suddenly says out of nowhere, Tony looking at him in surprise. Almost simultaneously, the crack of a wooden bat against the ball echoed around the stadium, Tony’s reaction time slower than usual. There is an awkward beat of his legs not being quite ready to move, focus still on the first baseman behind him. His gaze immediately snaps to the ball, watching the arc and direction of it as it sails towards the back left corner of the field. Tony doesn’t even need to see the batter’s swing to know it’s going to be an out. He returns to first base without preamble, unhappy with the out but pleased that his lapse in attention wouldn’t cost them anything.
know. But then… why is she calling him in today?
“Oh, my money’s on Rhodey, easy,” Pepper scoffs. “He’s been bowling for years.”
Further to Tony’s credit, he doesn’t reply with even a mildly scathing sarcastic remark. “I am,” he ratifies.
Tony reaches up and clasps Steve’s wrist, giving a small squeeze before dropping his hand. “Tasha might not be letting me play, but I wasn’t going to miss the first game of the season,” he responds flatly, lips curving into a smile that doesn’t come close to reaching his eyes. “I’m fine,” he assures Steve before heading into the dugout. Natasha captures him in a hug before he goes, a whispered exchange between them before she ruffles his hair and pushes him off to the bench.
Blood is rushing so loud in Steve's ears that he needs a nudge from Bucky before he realizes that Jim is already taking his seat. He quickly takes the steps up onto the stage without tripping, sitting down in his designated seat. They stare out at a sea of reporters who are all staring back, cameras and notebooks poised. Steve is uncomfortably aware of the microphone sitting in front of him, clearing his throat as far back from it as he possibly can.
The Stars catch a break as the next batter strikes out, swinging and missing all three pitches that Isaiah throws. The sound in the stadium is raising, premature victory chants coming from the Brooklyn fans as the Serpent’s next batter steps up to the plate.
“Quit your pouting,” Steve chides, coming in afterwards with two coffees. “It’s just a cast.”
Tony can’t stop grinning as he gets to his feet, wiping the dirt off one hip as he turns to look smugly at Rogers over his shoulder. The blonde is glowering with a narrowed gaze and shakes his head. Tony shrugs one shoulder and winks.
his fault for assuming Bucky had signed the exact same contract as him.
Monica chatters happily to Tony as they all watch the game, telling him all about her last year at school, her plans for the Summer, and the other notable things in the daily life of a nine year-old. Steve can’t help but smile as Tony nods and expresses interest, answering all the questions she has about his projects. Whenever they visit Massachusetts or Carol and Maria come to New York, Monica always glues herself to his side. Her moms say she talks about him nonstop and brags to all the kids at her school about her Uncle Tony, especially since she spent a few weeks with them last Winter, making herself a semi-permanent fixture on Tony’s workbench, fascinated by his projects.
“Tony, I think you should—”
,” Steve counters easily, sliding Tony’s hand away while the man feigns shock at the rebuttal.
“I plead the fifth,” Tony says, following her out onto the back deck. The little cabin is tucked away near the tree line inland rather than perched as a cliff facing waterfront like his own cottage. He sits on the porch swing with Carol, gently rocking them back and forth with his foot occasionally grazing the ground.
, Nat.
Sorry there was a bit of a longer wait on this chapter! I hope all the juicy Stony interactions that finally come around made it worth the wait.
Steve lines up with his players, removing his cap for the National Anthem and then bowing his head for the following moment of silence. He catches a bit of motion out of his periphery, glancing over only to be shell-shocked.
The tension is so high that Tony finds out later about a dozen spectators needed to be checked out by medics from the stress of watching it all unfold. He and Thor are grabbing onto each other’s jerseys as what could very well be their last batter steps up. He hits his first pitch impeccably, and their base runner on second makes the snap decision to run for home. Everyone is on the edge of their seats as the game plays out, Tony about ready to burst out of his skin. Not only are they about to win this entire All-Star Game, but Tony is going to get the added satisfaction of the fact that the PCL only used two of it’s three pitchers, leaving Hammer without a single second of playtime. It’s poetic justice, really.
Steve smiles to himself in the en suite bathroom, finishing combing his hair into place as he listens to his old friends fuss at each other a room away. He stares at his reflection, his reflection staring back. There’s something about wearing a tailored tuxedo that calls for examining the rest of him, leaning closer as he pokes around the skin of his face. The lines around his nose and eyes that used to disappear when he wasn’t smiling now stubbornly remaining put, as subtle as the creases are. He’s kept in shape, thankfully, still filling out the fitted suit in a way that doesn’t make him feel self-conscious. He looks old, but still has a youthful glow about him when he thinks about what he’s here for. His excitement is fitting for the occasion.
Steve sinks down into a chair next to him, reaching out to just place a hand on Tony’s knee, rubbing it gently with his thumb. “Have you been out here all night?” His eyes are still bogged down with sleep, blonde hair messy and sticking up in the back.
“You can’t come out,” he says simply, turning his eyes back onto Steve’s face. He opens his mouth to argue, but Tony holds up a hand. “I know what you’re going to say, and I understand, but I don’t want you to. This will pass. It’s not worth both of us being miserable. I just have a gut feeling that it’s going to get so much worse if you come out too.” He reaches up to touch Steve’s face, cradling his cheek gently against his palm. “You sacrifice so much for me and everyone else. It’s not always your weight to bear, okay? Let me do this for you.”
Tony just smiles and shakes his head, unsure how he’s able to keep from running forward and grabbing Hammer by the neck. Maybe his impulse control is improving after all. “I don’t know, I’m a pretty good multitasker. I paid enough attention to not miss the fact that you only played a total of six games last season, all of them under four innings. Your on-base stats actually really impressed me; I didn’t know you could get numbers
“Captain Rogers,” Obadiah gives him a firm shake before patting Tony twice on the back, hard enough to send him towards Steve by a couple of steps. “You take care of this one, alright? He may be an Avenger now, but he’ll always be my boy. I taught him everything he knows.”
Steve just nods and takes Tony’s hand again to walk back to the car. “She didn’t seem… bothered?”
Her expression is pained but serious. She’s clearly had to deliver this same speech before. “I understand your worry and frustration, but like I said, policy clearly states that only relatives or a spouse may—”
He admittedly doesn’t look fantastic by the time he and Steve head downstairs, exactly one minute before eleven, when the meeting is supposed to begin (which is still
The question feels like a trap somehow, and it’s one Steve is entirely unsure on how to navigate. “I think it’s exactly how you said. Stark men aren’t easy,” he gives a hesitant smile. “I think you’re doing the best you can.” Steve never got the chance to get to an age where he really butt heads with his father, but even after Joseph’s death, he still loved his mother more than anything. Howard didn’t need to be six feet under for Steve to see that the case was the same with Tony.
Fury smiles. “This game is very different, actually. I recommend you treat it as such if you want to see a win this year. Your old team is fighting to uphold the legacy of your father’s memory. What is it that you’re fighting for today?”
He’s not ready for all that quite yet, despite what the thing between his legs wants. Steve does lean forward and press his lips against the shell of Tony’s ear, feeling the man flinch slightly in surprise as he breathes against it. “Will you play for me?” He asks softly, nodding towards the stark white grand piano in the room, elevated on a small stage by the bar area.
“Hello?” There’s some slight static on the line, but Steve can make him out okay. “Steve?”
“I don’t remember that.”
Steve can't help but burst into laughter at Tony's expression. His body is still thrumming with laughter after they're seated.
“Maybe.” They sit in silence for a moment, just enjoying each other’s company. Tony’s usually up in his workshop tinkering during calls like this, with Steve over two hundred miles away either cooking dinner or sketching. “I’ll already be prepping with Nat when your flight lands, but maybe I can meet you at the airport before you go.”
“I think you should stay,” Steve blurts out immediately, now making it Tony’s turn to raise his eyebrows in surprise.
“You know, I’m getting kind of sick of all the secrets here, Nat,” Steve can’t help but snap at her in irritation, emotions still all mixed up with Tony’s abrupt appearance. “Seriously, why do you bother to tell me anything anymore?”
Steve watches the currently empty hammock swinging in the slight breeze through the sliding glass doors leading out to the back deck, the coffee machine bubbling quietly behind him. Breakfast had been waiting for him on the counter, complete with a very ironic note from Tony stating “Don’t be late!”
Four-Seam Fastball: straight as an arrow, Palmball: a slower changeup, but thrown with the same arm motion as a fastball, Sinker: a quick pitch that would run in on a right-handed hitter, but curves down and away from a left-handie.
"Yeah?" Tony looks up at him with a blank expression. "Aaaaand?"
Ty sighs, rakes a hand through his hair. “Management thinks it’s best if you’re dropped down to the 40-Man roster for the rest of your contract.”
"Sick," Natasha answers, not glancing up from her clipboard. "He performed well enough yesterday, and considering we’re already going to the final, I'm going to let it go just this once."
In the end he follows after Howard, who’s the most insistent and possibly the easiest of his three options. Steve feels obligated to speak up on Tony and Maria’s behalf. He should say something- anything- to try and diffuse everything that had just been said at dinner. It isn’t his place, though. Howard is an extremely powerful man, and in one meal had become a totally different person from the one Steve had encountered in a bar so many years ago. There is nothing charming or admirable he can find in Stark after he berated his son like that, but Steve fears the consequences that may result in coming to Tony’s defense. There are two sides to every story, and he knows Tony well enough to know that he couldn’t have made it easy on his parents growing up. He wants to believe Tony was just being dramatic and trying to get the last word in as he always did, but if what he said about how his father disciplined him was true…
“Tony!” He shouts again as he’s only a few yards away, now close enough for Tony to hear. The pitcher glances over his shoulder, doing a double-take when he realizes the voice isn’t just his imagination.
Steve’s fingers gently card through his hair, coaxing him further over the edge. “Shh, no need to think about it too hard. Tell me about it in the morning, okay?”
funny," Tony grumbles under his breath, sinking into the booth with a pout.
“Steve, it’s
Tony smirks, finally walking over to sit on the armrest next to Steve. "You did join me," he points out.
A sheepish smile crosses Steve's face. He tends to put on complete blinders when it comes to the media, but now it leaves him feeling rather oblivious. He avoids the sports sections of papers and doesn’t even have a television in his current apartment to keep up to date on any of the goings on. He stays concerned with his current team and that’s it.
It’s a long flight back to New York, the wheels finally touching down at LaGuardia around one a.m. There’s a shuttle to get the players who live in Manhattan closer to the city, but some of them find their own means of transportation home, a lot of them not living in the city. Steve shoulders his duffel bag and sees Tony waving goodbye as Rhodes hops in a cab. He’s pretty sure he lives right here in Queens, so he doesn’t have a long way to go at all.
Steve blinks. Shit. He’s been so discombobulated from the onslaught of new developments last night that he had completely forgotten why he had showed up to Tony’s in the first place, and what day it is now. He stands up, clutching at his head. “Oh— Uh, I actually— I have to go. I’m sorry, I completely forgot—”
Steve thanked Peggy at the time. Forgiving her was easy once his head cleared, and she was the only thing that made him sad to leave the Stars in the end. He would begin playing with his new team in about two months, but he had yet to be cleared for full league play.
"That isn't what I'm worried about... Rhodes said he hasn’t left his room all day—"
“I don’t need her to—”
When he finally makes it down the stairs, jersey tossed over his shoulder, he’s greeted with Dum-E in a birthday hat. U is sporting one as well from the corner of the living room where he sits on his charging pad, apparently needing a little extra sleep this morning, same as Steve. Dum-E has a cupcake clasped between his little pincers, the candle halfway melted, flame already having gone out. Steve smiles and accepts the gift, giving him a little pat on his “head” in return. “Thanks, buddy,” he says, scooping off the parts of icing covered in pink wax with his finger before he takes a bite. It’s the thought that counts.
The losing team’s MVP is announced first and goes to Kaminzky for earning or contributing to the most outs for the PCL as well as playing the entire game. Everyone applauds, the Polish baseman accepting the award happily and joining the rest of his team in a group huddle.
Steve smiles tightly, fumbling with the key before getting them into the room. He lets Bucky collapse onto the bed, making sure he's careful not to land on his bad arm. “Until the end of the line, right?” Steve asks as he removes Bucky’s shoes for him before crawling into his own bed. He looks over at the outline of Bucky’s form in the darkness, realizing he's already passed out. “’Til the end of the line,” Steve repeats to himself before letting Bucky’s steady breathing lull him to his own fitful rest.
The rest of Tony’s stat card doesn’t disappoint. First off, Steve wants to know if it’s at all possible for there to be any typos on this thing. Every single statistic puts him
Tony doesn’t even move from his spot on second when the IL’s next batter sends the ball directly to the left fielder who catches it in a dive. The whistle is blown, the two leagues swap positions, and now it’s time for Tony to end this.
. Steve knows his mouth is open as he pours over the list, wondering why in the hell Tony is wasting time playing in the minors with numbers like these, his family name be damned. He’s never given a player a walk (four failed pitches, allowing the batter to advance to first base), has extremely low hits allowed, has won every game he pitched in for five or more innings, records almost no wild pitches, and is constantly a starting or relief pitcher, meaning he either leads the team from the start or comes in when he’s needed most.
“We need to go ahead and take him to the hospital,” Dr. Erskine says, putting his hand on Steve’s shoulder. “You can come if you get permission from Hodge.”
“If you’re sure… Thanks for bringing me back… and for the advice,” as much as Tony hates that Bucky has this level of understanding with Steve that he’ll never attain, his pride had to take the hit just this once that Steve isn’t like thermonuclear astrophysics: he can’t just learn his ins-and-outs overnight.
“Yeah, but I retired for health reasons. S’Different,” Bruce shrugs, leaving Tony to fend for himself.
It doesn’t take long for Tony to realize he has more freedom in this position, quickly hiking up his other leg until they’re both wrapped around Steve’s middle, the captain’s hands coming up to hold his ass, helping lift Tony up and almost all the way off his cock before slamming his hips back down. The sensation has light bursting behind Steve’s eyelids, thighs flexing as he both supports Tony’s weight and continues to thrust into him.
Bruce strides away from Tony and Rhodey’s debate about the semantics of proper body hygiene and snatches the remote out of Strange’s outstretched hand, switching the TV back to the proper channels and turning on ESPN with a few clicks. A victorious cheer rises up from the group all piled around the single tv in the lobby, all the armchairs and couches gathered around it in a semi-circle. Tony and Rhodey sit on the edge of the coffee table, Steve deciding to perch on the arm of one of the couches.
After he’s met with everyone who wanted to congratulate him on the win, Steve heads over to his motorcycle. He starts the engine of the Harley-Davidson before zooming off, heading back towards his and Buck's two-bedroom in the city.
about you—”
Tony scoffs, even though he’s probably right. “Nonsense. You’re the only one I let rub off on me.”
Unwillingly, Tony returns to the edge of the field, still refusing to go sit on the bench. He had been observing the entire game thus far, but now he only has eyes for Steve. He shows no signs of strain or limping, but Tony is still worried for him. He wants to believe the man is responsible enough to know his own limitations, but it feels wrong. Any other circumstance and Steve would’ve happily come off the field.
Steve’s expression falls. “I… Maybe they won’t. Maybe they’ll see that anyone can be a good person, regardless of who they love.”
Steve checks his watch. “Actually, it hasn’t been your birthday for fourteen minutes, so that rule no longer applies.”
, and the door is unlocked. Tony stands up, wiping some invisible dust from his knees.
Another century seems to pass before the referee steps forward and rules Chen as out. Cries of outrage fill the stadium, the booing overpowering at the prospect of a tie after all that, everything they’d gone through in the past few hours. Rezzo strides back to the team, anger clearly written across his face, but there’s still a passionate fire in his eyes.
Janet stares at Steve, shocked and confused by his outburst. “He’s got you fooled too then,” she laughs dryly. “Listen, I like him, I do, but this is what he does, Steve. Stark brings it all on himself with his behavior and then claims to be the victim to get nice people like you to sympathize with him… But you’re right, he’s not a liability.” She steps onto the bus, turning back to give Steve one last pointed look. “At this point, he’s a
Pepper is the last to arrive at the party, showing up about an hour or two after everyone has gotten into the swing of things. Tony is overjoyed to see her and Steve is glad she accepted the invitation and was willing to fly across the country just for tonight to see Tony. He knows how much she means to him, and having a little piece of home with him for his birthday is important considering how tough the last year has been on him.
Natasha and Janet are already busy, their phones ringing nonstop as media outlets try to get in contact with them about the news that The Avengers would be moving onto the post-season. Somehow, the team starts organizing a spontaneous celebration at the hotel, Steve not at all surprised that Tony is at the helm of the entire operation, charming his way through the hotel staff and their managers and probably appealing to their nature by slipping them a hefty tip and promise for good word-of-mouth.
Tony stares up at the barren tree branches arching overhead, blowing slightly in the wind. “Two years,” he answers, only surprised by how long it took Carol to bring it up. There’s no point in hiding it or trying to convince her she’s got it all wrong. Anyone with two eyes would know the truth from a single glance with the way they’ve been free to
Howard and Maria’s gravestones sit, side by side, with day-old flowers and a few worn out mitts and baseballs still sitting there. Tony knows someone comes by to clear it out every other day or so, but he gave the staffing instruction long ago to just donate anything that would be worth using still. No reason for a bunch of perfectly good bats or balls to waste their time in some cemetery when there could be kids who can’t afford them who want to play.
Tony nods. “Of course. I know I don’t deserve that kind of forgiveness from you, but… You always did give me better than I deserved. I loved that about you.”
Tony’s face shifts from dangerous levels of rage into something much more guarded; It’s honestly a little terrifying to watch the emotion get wiped clean so quickly from his features. “You’re right,
"Well thank you for coming," Howard says with a grin, patting Steve on the arm. He looks mostly the same as last time Steve saw him, maybe his smile lines and the grey in his hair a bit more pronounced. "I believe dinner's ready, shall we make our way into the dining room?"
, a wholesome, model player! Who do you think they’re going to blame for corrupting that perfect man?”
Steve throws Peggy a grateful look as they follow the nurse through the double doors. It’s loud in the emergency wing, sounds of ringing and buzzing alarms mixing with nurses and doctors all talking over each other to form a loud cacophony as they bustle down the halls, the occasional patient in a wheelchair or gurney rolling by them. They’re led into an elevator and ascend up by one floor that’s a bit quieter with multiple rooms with windows up and down the halls. Steve loses his breath when he spots Tony through a window before they even reach his door. There’s another doctor and two more nurses inside the room, talking quietly and examining the readings on some big machine that’s next to his bedside.
“Hey stranger,” he greets, running a hand through his hair. It’s perfectly messy but coiffed all at once, pushed back from his forehead and looking soft to the touch. He’s got a cigarette box in his hand, passing it from one palm to the other. “I was just sneaking outside for a smoke, care to join me?”
Bucky surprises him by laughing. “Funny. What’s the actual reason?”
“You know, I really should thank you two,” she says thoughtfully after another minute of subdued swaying back and forth. “If it weren’t for you guys, Bucky and I might not be together.”
Steve doesn’t let that answer slide for long. “What did you guys talk about?” He probes after a few moments of silence.
“Come on, lazy bones, get dressed,” Tony tosses a heap of winter clothes towards his face, already completely outfitted in snow pants and snow jacket himself, a woolen hat pulled down over his ears with the ends of his hair flipping out from beneath it.  He hurries out of the room, Steve listening to the sound of water-proofed nylon rubbing against itself fade into the distance.
“I care about
for help.
“Did you have a good trip?” She greets him inside the stadium, stepping in front of him as he tries to pass her to get to the locker room.
“We’re not doing this again,” Tony shakes his head, eyes narrowed. “I’ve made up my mind.”
“Tony!” Thor jogs over to him after his last interview. “I got the team’s box number. Steve and I were just about to head up and say hello before the game.”
"No you can't," Tony sneers. "You're
Tony thinks to himself.
It’s a fastball, just like Tony had expected. He times his swing perfectly this time, but changes the angle to get the trajectory just how he wants it. He takes off, knowing that the ball is at least a double to get Miller, the player on second, home. He can possibly get himself to third if he hauls ass and the International League puts the focus on getting the ball home to prevent another run.
“One minute, that’s all I need,” Steve looks her in the eye. “Please.”
“I’m from Southampton, myself. I miss Long Island every day, but I’ve grown quite fond of the West Coast.”
“Oh, hey, Steve. Have you seen Tony?”
Tony sighs deeply through his nose, squeezing his eyes shut tighter as if he can wish hard enough and this conversation will stop coming up. “No, Steve,” he mutters tiredly. “I told you this discussion was closed.”
Steve sighs, scooping some chicken and fried rice onto his plate. “Good to see you back to normal so soon.”
Steve keeps tabs on Tony for the rest of the practice. He runs fairly well, light on his feet just as Steve remembers from what he’d seen last year. He slides for bases a lot, and Tony has a compact enough body that as long as he has enough momentum going into it, he can get to a base in a pinch.
Tony isn’t bluffing when he says that. For the past month he’s been in the early spring training specifically for pitchers, of which there are many more on his new team. Counting the whole 40-man roster, Tony is one of eight. He’s sure because of his talent he’ll be put on the active 25-man roster for the entire season, but he’s already feeling a very different energy from the teammates he’s met thus far. About half have been the usual amount of friendly, but the others have pretty much just ignored his existence altogether. Probably just bitter that he’ll more likely than not be taking away their opportunities to see actual play time this season.
“No worries, man. Maybe I’ll make it down for New Years. And, hey, call me if you need anything, alright?”
“Yes, he just stepped out for a moment, he’s coming right back to you, I promise.” As she says this, more figures enter the room, Tony scans them enough to see that none of them are Steve, so he closes his eyes and slips back under.
Steve concedes, knowing that Nat’s right and there’s nothing more she can do, whether it’s give him the answers he wants or let him in on the fact that this all was some elaborate prank. He gets up to leave.
“You’re thinking too much,” Tony whispers against his mouth, nipping lightly at his bottom lip. He squeezes Steve’s erection again before clambering out of his lap, grabbing Steve’s arm to haul him to his feet.
“How could you not tell me?” Steve asks in bewilderment, following Natasha into the stadium, the woman speed walking towards her office. Steve is covered in sweat from the rigorous practice, out of breath as he struggles to keep onto his coach’s heels. “
Bucky snorts. “Easy for you to say. It’s not exactly like he’s all sunshine and rainbows about where I’m gonna come out when everything’s said and done.”
Howard just grunts and cuts into his steak, apparently not even interested enough to ask. Tony has slumped down in his chair, swirling the same piece of crab in the dipping sauce in even little circles.
He almost doesn’t expect Tony to respond, watching the young man roll his eyes before pulling his other foot up onto the edge of the bench to finish tightening his laces. Steve closes his locker, now dressed in the team’s casual kit. Natasha confirmed with him this morning that he won’t be playing today, and honestly, Steve won’t mind getting the chance to watch from the sidelines and focus on all the strengths and weaknesses his team is going to show today. It's a brand new season, and he's not going to let Tony’s upturned nose and venomous glares get him down.
Tony just nods along with it. “Ah, it was sort of a last minute decision. We don’t need anything special tonight though, just showing my Captain here the ropes,” he jerks his head over to where Steve is standing awkwardly off to the side.
“Yup,” she pops her lips on the P, flashing Tony a dry smile.
For the first few months following the painful break-up, Steve had avoided all mentions or signs of
Tony just shrugs, looking away from him to stare out at the grey waters lapping at the dark sand down below. “Couldn’t sleep.” He tightens the blanket around his form, tucking his legs closer to his chest.
Practices resume and Steve’s teammates kindly refrain from commenting on how his heart’s just not in it right now. Even Hodge gives him a break for once. Any free time Steve has, he’s at the hospital with Bucky. Most nights he falls asleep sitting upright in the just-too-small armchair in his hospital room, but occasionally a nurse comes by to kindly kick him out.
“It’s going to be okay, Tony. You’re not alone in this. I know it’s been tough so far, but I promise it’ll get better. Keep powering through. Make them see that they’re wrong about you. About us.” She pulls away from him, placing her hands on his shoulders. “It was incredibly brave
Steve isn’t able to answer for a minute or so as he stumbles back into the room, falling onto the bed with Tony on top of him. Their lips are locked together, Tony eventually sitting up so he can yank his shirt off over his head. “I drove up from Toledo we just—” Tony pushes Steve’s arms up so he can maneuver his hoodie off over his head, his haste getting it caught up around his neck for a moment until Steve can reach down to remove it himself. “We just landed a couple of hours ago but the game is getting rescheduled so I rented a car— Ah—” Steve hisses as Tony rubs a hand over his jean-covered crotch, his other hand deftly undoing his belt and tossing it to the side.
Tiberius gets his feet from under him, squaring his shoulders to try and strike an imposing figure. “No one will believe you,” he threatens darkly.
!” Steve argues, Tony taken aback by the pure outrage in his voice.
Tony shakes his head. There will be time later to ponder and to pine, but right now, he needs to keep his head on straight. He’s been so determined to win this game for years now, but as soon as Steve’s well-being is placed on the line, he crumbles. He’s suddenly willing to sacrifice everything he’s been fighting for, the entire reason for doing
showing something other than total despondence. “You’ve got an incredible talent, can you fault me and the people who love you for wanting to see how much more you can be if you let yourself? The Tony I know wouldn’t just throw it all away for nothing, so why are you?”
Steve brushes the leftover pizza crumbs off his jeans as he grabs his jacket off the back of the couch. The library is only a couple of blocks away, so it’s no hassle whenever Steve needs to go and use a computer. He understands the convenience of owning one of those new Macintoshes in his home, and it isn’t like he couldn't afford it with his salary. The main struggle comes from not being able to keep up with the new tech wave happening in America right now. He's still trying to get used to the Walkman Bucky got him a few birthdays ago.
"Ah," Steve chews on the inside of his cheek. "I'm s—"
into a fight, and then it was all downhill from there. So,
Y’know, I’m just really
“I’ll be at one-eighty in no time,” Bucky drawls, rolling his eyes as he slides his good arm into the sleeve. “See, guys? I can say numbers too.”
“Oh, Mr. Stark!” Someon is suddenly calling out to them as they walk into one of the Poker rooms, Tony turning to see a portly man dressed in all black walking up to them. The name tag on his lapel indicates he’s a manager of some kind, but as far as Tony’s concerned, he’s never seen the guy before. “I had no idea you’d be visiting us tonight! You should have called ahead, we would’ve prepared private rooms, our best girls, we’re so happy to see you back at the Aria!” He grins toothily at him, capturing him in a vigorous handshake.
“...She wants me to do whatever I think is right.”
Steve throws his hands up. “You guys talk about me all you want as long as I’m not around to hear it. I’m gonna take a walk before the ceremony.”
Tony clamps his jaw shut and just walks up to the plate, knowing his response could get him ejected from the entire game.
"Tony, I—"
it was dangerous, but nothing bad happened so it’s fine. Instead he just swallows and nods. Tomorrow he’ll worry about sending someone for the car without Steve finding out exactly what happened. He doesn’t tell him about Bucky and their conversation, hoping that they have a mutual understanding that Steve doesn’t need to know about their happening across one another.
Tony’s eyes fall away for a moment, some of the intensity lost. “Yeah well, good luck. It’s not like I made this choice,” Tony scoffs. “Such a stupid argument. Why would I choose to be discriminated against and make my life harder?” Tony’s restless fingers tap on the table, his gaze drifting out the window. “I know it pisses people off how honest I am. I share all my opinions no one wants to hear, and everybody asks the same questions: Why don’t I just shut up? Why do I have to be so loud about everything I put out in the world? Can’t I just follow social norms and keep quiet on the stuff that makes people uncomfortable?” Tony looks back at Steve, his dark eyes as empty as Steve has ever seen them. “I’m already forced to hide away a huge part of my life for the sake of others. I’m not giving up science, my looks, my wealth, or anything else.”
“Like, really, actually,
It’s almost innocent, the way Steve points out the large fountain in front of the Aria saying how much he likes it. Tony grins, shaking his head. Of all the things to go to the Aria for, Tony’s first choice on the list is not architectural in nature. The Sin City would eat this man alive if given the chance.
Tony smiles, rolling onto his side to prop himself on his elbow and look down at Steve. He turns his longing gaze from the landscape back to Tony, that shy smile gracing his lips. “Maybe swap out that dream for the house upstate for a house on the cape. And hey, this one’s already ours. We can both just retire and move out here. You sketching the landscapes, me tinkering away, walks on the beach, driving through the hills with the top down, buying a boat and learning to sail… Regular, rural, domestic bliss.” Tony’s joking of course, but a part of him wants the future he’s outlining to be less of a punch line pipe dream and something… tangible.
,” he jabs a finger into Steve’s chest, slightly uncoordinated.
“Stark!” Natasha blows her whistle angrily from a few dozen yards away. “Get over here and get some warm-up pitches in, we got fifteen minutes.”
The crawl to the top floor is agonizing, Steve shivering slightly as he waits for the doors to open. He walks down the short hallway where Tony’s lone door resides at the end, fist coming up to pound on it heavily. “Tony!” He yells hoarsely. No response. He pounds harder now, hearing the sound reverberate through the apartment on the other side of the heavy door. “Tony, it’s Steve. Please let me in. You shouldn’t be alone right now…
he looks. “Like an Avenger.”
“Thank you for saying what you said back there,” he says quietly, a little bit of that initial discomfort coming back to him. He clears his throat awkwardly. “It was quick-thinking. A good lie.”
Steve finally brings himself to look at her, all kind-eyed with ginger colored freckles dotting her face. He can’t pinpoint her age, but she’s probably a few years younger than Steve, but not quite as young as Tony. “What did he tell you?” Steve asks hesitantly. As much as their relationship has developed since their first encounter back on Christmas, they haven’t really made things
“Uh, hi?” Tony says, still lingering in the doorway. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt. I’ll just be outside, Jan. Take your time finishing up
Steve surrenders his wants to Tony’s needs, stepping aside to allow the man to flourish beside him, as equal partners and friends in this. The season progresses with upwards momentum, the months passing by with win after win. Steve doesn’t play every game, even with it being his last season. No reason to keep pushing himself with his bad knee. He plays when he can and is grateful for the opportunity and support of the team and his fans. He feels the wall between him and his love for the sport start to come down again, Tony’s presence helping mend that relationship. Ever since the reaction to Tony’s coming out years ago, Steve felt confused and misled about the honorable, principled sport he’s centered his entire life around. It was a tough blow to shoulder, that removal of the rose-colored lens, but now he’s better for it, acknowledging that it’s an individual’s values that make the person.
Tony chuckles. “I like to think you’ve whipped me into a much better-behaved player over the past few years.”
Tony lets his head hit the ground with relief. The game still has half of an inning left, but he knows they’ve won. Somewhere distant, he hears the second baseman apologize and clamber off of him, holding out a hand to help him up. He ignores it for a few moments, basking in his own revelry of his genius before he eventually rolls onto his back and lets his opponent help him up. He scoops his hat off the ground and tosses it like a frisbee into the crowd for some lucky fans to fight over.
With that, he leaves the room. Pepper immediately wraps her arms around him, and it almost makes him break down. Almost.
“You locked in for another season with the Knights?” Steve asks.
Tony presses his lips together and closes his eyes. He can’t be looking at Steve’s face when he says his next words. He knows he’ll chicken out under the weight of those baby blues. “Steve… I love you.”
"Ah, yes," Howard clicks the heels of his feet together, wiping a hand down his face. "I should take that. Steve," he claps the man on the back a little harder than necessary. Steve is starting to catch on that that's just how Howard does everything. "It's getting late so feel free to take your pick of the spare bedrooms, or you can head downstairs and we'll have a driver take you back to the hotel."
Steve didn't know exactly what he was going to find when he finally got to Tony's bedroom, not really concerned with details in the heat of the moment.
“You’re going to walk there alone? At this hour?”
At this rate, the Pacifics may just get a walk. The satisfaction of moving forward to second base will be lukewarm if it’s just because the pitcher
“We were waiting for you, Your Grace,” Steve responds, sounding annoyed but the two of them share a smile as Tony comes to a stop next to him. “Twelve years you’ve been showing up to this stadium late.
,” Rhodes corrects, arms crossed. “And it shows. You’re just out there throwing what you think is a good pitch.”
"You helped the Pacific League win last year as a relief, or have you forgotten?"
She’s proven right as they transition from Spring Training into the real season, the Avengers ticket sales are through the roof every game. The response is still extremely mixed, most fan’s overwhelmingly positive about Tony’s grandiose return to the sport, while there are others who are still calling for a boycott that will never happen. The team stands as a united front alongside their pitcher.
try to get off before anyone walks in
“Who died and made you Captain?” Tony hears Nancy mutter under his breath, the Atlanta-based player crossing his arms.
Steve smiles, finding that his gaze drifts over to watching Tony rather than the numbers and odd looking symbols on the page. There’s a small crease between his eyebrows, slightly furrowed in his concentration, the tip of his tongue occasionally peeking out of the corner of his mouth. He watches Tony’s hands, the slender digits, slight callouses along the pads of his fingers, faded scars and pockmarks on his tanned hands. It’s interesting how he’s watched Tony’s hands throw hundreds of pitches, but he just now knows the true range of their capabilities after feeling them touch him all over.
Steve scoffs. “Yeah, right.”
“We are,” Steve says. “Just us two.”
“Nothing,” Steve says reflexively, brow knit in confusion. “You were a little hard on him, don’t you think? I don’t think yelling at him is going to do much.”
Mid-month, they both fly out to meet with real estate agents for the top contenders. While Tony likes the area of a penthouse apartment right in downtown, the space isn’t great and Steve worries it will remind him too much of a pale imitation of his apartment back home. Tony hates the small-town feeling of the houses Steve drags him to in the urban areas, the nearby neighbors already way too informal with their greetings and curious small talk. It’s
He’s still looking away from Steve when he asks, “Do you ever think you’d want to get married one day?”
. The assumptions always die back down after Tony returns to the field and continues to excel in whichever position he’s placed in, but Steve can’t imagine how exhausting it must be to feel the need to constantly outdo your best just to prove yourself to others.
“Morning…” Steve replies, voice still rough with sleep. He scratches the back of his neck. “Uh, thanks for the clothes.”
Steve ends up with multiple half-finished sketches of Tony’s sleeping face that fill up his entire page, going back in and taking the time to clean a few specific ones up, marking down a harsher, more definite line here or there, adding some cross-hatching to mark where the light and shadow falls across the planes of his face. He even finds himself including the four, almost invisible, hair-thin white lines that stretch across his exposed cheek— where Hammer’s nails had marred his face many months ago.
Tony scowls, forgetting that Fury is so buddy-buddy with his coach and seemingly everyone else in Tony’s life. “Thank you. The Knights had an incredible season as well,” Steve says graciously. “I’ve noticed Tony make some huge improvements which is all thanks to you, I’m sure.”
?” He asks incredulously. “Because it would mean leaving the Avengers. Leaving
"Janet, what's Tony's room number?”
"I can't believe it. I feel like the last time I saw him I was still putting band-aids on his scraped up knees. I always thought he'd make a good ball player."
Steve puts all the power he can into his swing, feeling his bat whiff through the air.
Tony had bitterly spat at him one night when he had congratulated him on one year sober with a casual gathering of their friends. To him, the milestones aren’t worth celebrating, but he’s gotten less sensitive about it these past couple of years, Steve learning in tandem to not make such a big deal out of it.
Natasha gives him a look. "And you don't? I don't think you know Tony as well as you think you do. People who grow up like him have access to that kind of stuff. His life would be too stressful or too boring without it, depending on the day." Steve continues to stand in front of her, worry lines prominent. She sighs. "Tell you what, we still got fifteen minutes before we have to leave. If you can make it quick—"
“So maybe it’s time to move on,” Steve urges. “And that doesn’t have to mean retirement.”
the wedding?”
"You can, and you absolutely
“Carol!” He practically squeaks in surprise. The three of them all stare at each other, unmoving and wide-eyed for a moment. Too late, Tony quickly rips his hands away from Steve and scoots a good foot down on the bench to separate them, as futile as the action is. There’s absolutely no hiding the intimacy they shared in, and he doesn’t even know how long Carol’s been standing there. Tony stands just because his body isn’t sure if it can remain seating after such a scare. “Wh-What are you doing here?”
"Don't cry on me, Barnes," he says, too low for anyone but the two of them to hear.
“Tony you’re freezing,” he sighs at the shivering mess of a man in his arms, gently depositing him on the tiled floor once they get to the showers. He cranks up the hot water, angling the showerhead so that it’s pointed towards Tony who’s leaned up against the wall. Steve’s rain jacket had already been abandoned in the locker room, but his under layers are still just as wet as Tony’s. With nothing left to lose and Tony still a crying heap on the floor, Steve sits down in front of him, the spray hitting the back of his neck and cascading down to wet whatever surface of him that had previously remained dry.
“I’m not afraid,” Tony mutters petulantly.
“Uh, sorry, I expected to get your answering machine,” Steve scratches the back of his head. “What are you doing home? You’re normally gone during the break.”
It’s been months since they’ve seen each other last. After their Cape Cod trip from two years ago, the off-season has been their only set-in-stone point of contact. Their already limited opportunities to visit each other soon slipped through the cracks to the point where they would go months without seeing one another in person. Flying to each other's places was getting harder to do in secret, and they eventually had to rule out Steve coming to D.C. at all unless they had a nearby away game as another reason for him to be there. It was too suspicious, whereas Tony had plenty of contacts in New York that he could be visiting, and they were just sure to never be spotted just the two of them, lest someone connect the dots. Meeting up on the road was too much effort, especially with Tony playing more and more, minus the time he spent benched as punishment for showing up to games drunk and/or hungover. They had to be overly cautious to the point of Tony booking private, discreet hotel rooms in New York just so he wouldn’t be spotted around Steve’s complex.
“You okay?” Steve asks pointlessly, the answer plain as day in front of him.
Steve raises his eyebrows, taking Tony by the elbow and pulling him aside slightly as the bewildered players follow instruction. “You’re sure you want to go straight into a practice game? I know we didn’t really discuss your exact regiment, but—”
“He is. The Irons are well represented this year…” Both of their gazes trail back to where Hammer & Co. just exited. “Well… with one exception.”
," Tony rolls his eyes in annoyance. "Just because we're not all stickler lightweights like you—"
Bucky picks up Steve's duffel bag and tosses it to him. "Grab a pie from Vinny's and then chow down at your place?"
She sets the tumbler in front of him, placing both hands on the bar as she looks him over again. “You look familiar.”
“Going back to school in two weeks is going to be such a bummer,” Bucky says, returning the ball to Steve.
“Nonsense! This isn’t about me today— well, it’s always a little bit about me— but this is about you!” He gives Peter’s shoulder’s a little shake, murmuring something quickly in his ear that makes Peter stand a little straighter, immediately more conscious of his posture on camera. “Everyone is here to celebrate you lot, auspicious, fresh blood on their way to the top,” Tony looks back to the interviewer off screen. “Sorry to hijack the interview here, but no one wants to hear me blather on and on. Everyone should be hearing about these guys’ experiences. Today is about
. It’s still anyone’s game, tied up going into the bottom of the seventh. The game has been such a high scoring match so far that he doesn’t find it unreasonable they get two, possibly three runs this go, putting them in a fair lead for the last two innings. But again, this game has been anything but predictable, even for Tony’s deductive capabilities. He takes a few more seconds to gather himself, splashing his face with cold water before pushing his hair back from his face and sealing it away beneath his cap, striding back to the field with an ever-growing determination coursing through his veins.
He’s definitely one of the more boisterous of the Avengers, but even then it’s hard to be particularly annoyed by a man who’s just genuinely
"You did a really great job, Steve," Peggy smiles fondly at him. "You've always done great under pressure."
“I’m not starting them with foundational bullshit, Steve. These guys run and throw and catch balls day in and day out. Let’s see how they actually play and I’ll make the adjustments after I actually see them in action.” He pats Steve on the arm. “Go hang out in the dugout and do your managerial stuff. I’ve got this. Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.”
Steve stops as Tony worms his way in front of him, blocking Steve from the door to the suite's bedroom. Tony almost looks scared right now, staring up at him with huge eyes, sweat beading along his forehead and chest. Steve halts, watching his chest heave as his knuckles turn white from holding onto the door frame.
They share a smile just as Dove comes back with their food. She doesn’t engage in conversation, Tony immediately digging into his full breakfast platter. Steve just went with an omelets and French toast while Tony had an array of sausages, pancakes topped with berries, scrambled eggs, and hash browns to choose from.
“Let me help him,” Steve requests once he gets his wits about him, the medics now helping Bucky to his feet, placing his arm in a sling to keep it from being moved too much.
. What about me? She spill all my dirty secrets?” he asks teasingly.
however'
them one day.”
“Shhh, shhh! Tony’s on!” Rhodey calls out to the group, grabbing the remote and turning up the volume as they all turn to the TV.
? Buck, you gotta be careful—”
“Mm. Reading.”
He’ll try and pitch Tony something he has to hit far and high, the best position for them to be in to try and get him out. A bunt isn’t going to cut it this time, but Tony also noticed his fast balls tend to be less accurate in staying in the strike zone.
“Janet is up to her ears in paperwork,” Natasha groans as she comes back to pass around their waters. “Which means I’m up to my neck trying to deal with transfers and all that nonsense. We had about three retire this year and another handful who are looking to trade up. Lord knows the Majors are clamoring after half our team after that game with the Irons,” she makes a face, pinching the bridge of her nose. “I have no idea where this is going to take us next.”
when, as always, Tony pulled him right back in. After a sufficient media drought of the megalomaniac genius, he came back in full force. While the company exponentially grew, so did Tony’s notoriety as he graced tabloids time and time again with his presence, drunk out of his mind, spotted at countless gay clubs without a care in the world. Stories leaked of him being admitted to conversion therapy or rehab centers. Even though he had left the baseball realm behind him, most people refused to let go. He was still used as an example, and while some of the world was starting to develop tolerance, there were still plenty that continued to rake him over the coals.
“Don’t patronize me; I’ve been doing a shit job.”
make me regret this.”
but somehow looks so much bigger with every passing time he sees him. “Hey, Grant,” he greets the almost-one-year-old with a smile, letting the baby grab hold of his index finger. “You behaving for mom and dad?”
, Tony, we can talk about this. We said we were going to try! You promised we were going to get through this.”
“Now…” Peggy leans back in her chair, watery eyes glancing back to the heart monitor, still steadily beeping away. “We wait for him to wake up.”
“Just let the doctor look—”
“Hey, I don’t need Nat chewing me out asking what’s taking you so long,” he teases. They share a fond smile and Steve lets himself drift out of the locker room, leaving whatever brief moment of respite he and Tony had behind.
on the International League’s side, the game being hosted at a familiar PCL stadium he’d played a number of games at back when he was on the Irons. He doesn’t have as much pull with the unfamiliar coach this year, a man named Rezzo who’s the youngest coach in the league, belonging to Boston. Tony’s going to be playing as a relief pitcher this time, no room for negotiation.
Tony’s jaw tightens, his arms crossed tightly over his chest. “...No. And so what?”
The office is larger than Natasha’s, mainly because more of the formal meetings with investors or other managers usually take place in here as Janet is the front end of the entire operation. She’s sitting behind her desk as a familiar anchor, but there are three more strangers seated in front of her. Their conversation stops abruptly when Tony walks in, all but Janet immediately getting to their feet to greet him. The trio is dressed rather sharply, more formal than Janet’s simple blouse and slacks
Tony doesn’t get much time to rest at all. After his run, they got two players to second and third base before their next batter struck out, earning them no additional runs going into the third inning. They’re still up, 2-1, and Tony is determined to make that gap bigger and prove himself to Whitaker. There is no more room in his head allotted for Steve Rogers.
Steve is sitting at the island in the middle of the large kitchen reading a book, the plate in front of him empty. There’s one waiting for Tony in the space next to him, sausage and biscuits with sliced fruit on the side. He doesn’t bother to heat it up in the microwave, immediately digging into the cold meal and clearing the plate in less than a few minutes.
“What the hell was that, Stark?”
“I’ll take a coffee with milk,” Steve follows her gaze over to the bathroom door. “Make that two, actually. And the check, please.”
A woman emerges from the arched doorway underneath the stairwell, carrying a large platter in her hands. "Anthony!" she greets in elation, sweeping towards them in a long dress the color of dark sapphire, the plunging neckline accentuated with thin ropes of silver necklaces stacked atop one another. Her blonde hair is shoulder length and perfectly curled, and while Steve can tell she’s probably at least twenty years younger than Howard, she still wears makeup to emulate a woman much younger than that. "I made hors d’oeuvres!”
Tony almost jumps back out of his seat in the fear that he’s about to be assaulted, until the man raises his dropped chin to look at him properly. Tony stares at his face for a second, trying to work out why he looks familiar. And then it hits him— “You’re Bucky,” he utters in realization, recognizing him from a few photos around Steve’s apartment. “Steve’s Bucky.”
his efforts and due diligence.
“Yeah right, Annie! You’re full of crap!”
He unwillingly retreats, knowing it’s not his place to supervise practices anymore. That’s Tony’s job now, and he has to trust that he knows what he’s doing.
Tony's one request this year is that he isn't put on the All-Star team as a pitcher. Considering there are going to be three other people on the roster to fill that position, it will force him into being either a relief or starter and he probably won't even get to play more than three innings. Screw that.
“I apologize, Mr. Rogers, but we were instructed not to let visitors up to Mr. Stark’s penthouse,” she practically mumbles.
As things start to wind back down, Steve sits on the hood of one of the snowed-in cars, shedding a few layers to try and shake some snow free from his jacket. He’s content to sit off to the side, a couple of the kids waving their goodbyes as they head home, parents’ calling them back inside from the windows above until all that’s left are Annie and her brothers who have returned to the abandoned snowman at the base of the hill. He only has eyes for Tony as the man helps the kids out with the structural integrity of their awkwardly sized golem, directing the children on the best way to pack and roll a head for it. He’s listening attentively to their youthful chatter, nodding and answering whatever questions they have for it, asking them questions in return. It’s touching to watch, Steve feeling his affection for the man grow as he lifts little Annie on top of his shoulders so she can decorate the face of their creation, sharing high fives with the boys when it’s finally complete.
Steve doesn't have anything else to say, knowing Tony will twist his words or make him feel uncomfortable in some way or another. It’s not so much the harsh words that bring Steve discomfort, but the fact that he can feel he’s half-hard beneath the towel. He quickly leaves the showers and changes, thinking of anything and everything to make his erection disappear. It’s not difficult to stamp down whatever sort of feelings are causing his loins to stir when he has so many mixed, confused thoughts floating around in his head.
Now it’s Tony’s turn to be a smug bastard. Ty’s expression is almost comical, his grin wiped off his face without his consent, his entire posture changing. His nostrils flare defensively, mouth twitching to try and form an ass-covering response.
The next thing Steve knows, Vision's bat has already swung through nothing but air, and the baseball is snug in their coach’s mitt. Everyone stares at Natasha, who looks just as surprised, before turning their heads to look at Tony. Steve can see a barely-there hint of a smile as he made a motion for the next player to step up. "Let's not waste any more time, boys. I don't plan on being here any longer than originally scheduled."
Steve shrugs. Sure, that's what's expected of him, but he's not really sure that's what he wants. Delving into his plans for the future isn't really what he wants to be focusing on right now.
It’s obvious they dote on their daughter and are proud of her accomplishments and the obstacles she’s overcome thus far, but are fast and loose with teasing and quick-witted jibes at her expense.
He numbly stares down at the words typed out for them, echoing them back to Coulson in a monotone. The man sighs. “Tony… You have to at least try. We need this to be believable, remember?” He places a hand on his shoulder, lowering his voice slightly. “There are people who love and support you. Don’t forget that. We just need you to sell the lie for right now.”
Steve sighs and hands over two of his cards.
"I kind of like his moxxie," Clint replies with a shrug. "Although I don't care how good you are, no pitcher has a good enough record to be able to get a strike on every player just at batting practice. Not to mention the fact that we don't even get punished if we miss."
might not care about this, the Avengers have needed those kinds of funds for a while. It helps us short-term by being able to put better offers down for newcomers from the lower leagues, and long-term by improving our facilities and equipment.”
The ceremony itself is kept short and sweet, everyone bursting into raucous cheers and hollers as the two share a kiss, Natasha grabbing Bucky by the lapels to drag him closer, the man happily falling into it. As all their guests head back to the main house for food and dance and drink, Natasha rushes them through the photo process, wanting it over and done with as soon as possible. There’s no complaints from anyone else (except maybe Pepper and Janet), but the usually grueling process is alleviated slightly by Bucky’s idea to have Steve take some shots with his Polaroid. He walks around and grabs snapshots of the scenery around them, capturing candids of the wedding party that Nat and Buck will probably cherish more than the “official” photos taken by the photographer. He takes one particular shot of Tony standing off to the side by himself, framed by large ferns and softly backlit against the windows, looking at the newly weds with a fond gaze. Steve will have to keep that one for himself.
Sam and Clint trade looks before shrugging in unison. "I don't know what difference it would make," Sam comments. "It really just depends on his pitch, right?"
Tony slams the door shut, leaving Steve alone in the hallway. The blonde chuckles and retires to his own ridiculously comfortable bed. The night had taken one too many turns than he was equipped to deal with, but Steve didn't have any hope that anything will have changed between them. Once the sun comes up tomorrow, Tony will go back to normal— berating and disrespecting Steve at every opportunity.
And here the Avengers are, a ragtag team that has in recent years sat comfortably in the middle of the pack until Tony came along and reawakened their fighting spirit.
“Whatever you’re about to say, it doesn’t.”
“Oh please, like I don’t know you and Janet give me ETAs an hour earlier than the actual time to make sure we’re not late to stuff. Now put those big muscles to use and help me carry down my bags,” Tony grabs his carry-on backpack and one of his rolling suitcases.
Steve pushes his way through the crowd, wildly searching for Tony’s familiar dark head of hair in the chaos. He’s numb to the congratulations shouted at him and the pats on the back, honed in on a single target now.
And yeah, I've had a fair amount, like I do
, Coulson’s voice echoes in his head.
, Tony!” She shrieks at him.
Steve sighs. “Tony, I don’t want to talk about it like this. I’m not attacking you—” Steve sees Dove coming back towards them and decides to shut up. This isn’t a conversation they should be having in front of a complete stranger.
hate your guts, but I was also a hormonal, closeted teenager who grew up surrounded with magazines full of ripped, handsome, male baseball players. Can you blame me for sneaking some of your spreads out of my dad’s office to jerk off to?”
Steve isn’t feeling very grateful either. He’s angry. Furious. But he’s also too exhausted to deal with those emotions right now, compartmentalizing them for later when he has the energy to lash out at the world for being so cruel. He just needs to see Tony wake up.
Steve pulls out and thrusts upwards
“Come on,” Tony practically whines, grunting as one again Steve presses
Without breaking tempo, Tony slides over slightly to make room for Steve next to him on the bench. He sinks down, careful not to interrupt Tony's playing. The song has shifted slightly, his fingers dancing across the keys in a more intricate melody now. It eventually slows back down in a decrescendo until the last chord rings through the room, Tony’s hands slipping off the keys and into his lap.
Tony’s hand slips out from between his legs as he gets back to his feet. His tan skin is flushed from the heat, knees blotchy and red from where they were pressed against the floor. He takes his own erection in his hand, rather than coming closer to Steve he moves away from him, leaning back against the wall as he slowly strokes himself. Dark eyes focus on Steve as he does so, head lolling to one shoulder. “I bet it turns you on, us being in here together. I can see it cross your mind every time we’re in the showers
“Oh, nothing. Just remembering something you said about being a shit mentor is all,” he hums, still smiling as he comes to sit on the edge of Tony’s bed so he can help him fill in that day’s New York Times crossword.
“That ‘egotistical brat’ is your
The going away party for New Year’s is Tony’s idea. One last hurrah before he officially moves to Washington D.C. next month. They technically aren’t supposed to tell the rest of the team yet, but for once Janet completely throws the rules out the window.
“Me too. Never get enough of embarrassing childhood Steve Rogers stories,” Morita snickers.
It’s a gorgeous Summer day, the sky blue and completely cloudless. It’ll be about two and a half hours on I-87 S to get to the Bronx, but the weather is too tempting to pass up the opportunity for a nice ride. He scarfs down his food, makes sure the baby gates are secure for the bots, and grabs his brown leather jacket off the coat hanger before heading down to the garage. He bypasses all the cars lined up to the end of the row, pulling the sheet off of his motorcycle that doesn’t get nearly enough love these days.
“Really? I figured with the whole one eye thing he might miss a lot.”
He still hasn’t managed to recover, having been prepared to haughtily torture Tony from the high ground, not be sucker punched and brought down to his level. “How… How did you…”
“What made you start playing then?” Steve asks, curiosity gnawing at him.  Everyone’s story is different, but he has never met a player like Tony, one who holds such vitriol towards the sport but continues to pursue a career in it. “Why not do something with Engineering?”
needed to end things before they could get any worse. Nothing ever changed for me,” He interrupts bitterly. “I loved you. I was willing to fight for us and you were the one who made that decision. I didn’t want that.”
“How’s practice going?” Bucky asks one day when Steve brings him lunch, giving him a break from the bland hospital pudding and applesauce that are remarkably and concerningly close in texture and taste.
“Tony
Tony shrugs, that cocky little grin ghosting across his lips, blink-and-you’ll-miss-it style. “I needed you to at least hear me out. And who knows where the hell Tasha went off to.”
“You can get a break after five more rotations. You’ve been doing a great job.”
Steve does all he can to try and catch a private moment with Tony before the game and it doesn't come. He doesn't see him at lunch, doesn't find him at the gym or in the pool, and when the time comes to load the bus and head to the stadium, Tony is still nowhere to be found.
Stop smiling, Tony. That’s not a compliment
As he enters the last phases of being completely heart-broken, he no longer plugs his fingers in his ears and runs at the first mention of Tony’s name. He also doesn’t purposefully seek out information that he only knows will upset him further or send him back into a spiral of missing a man who no longer wanted him in his life. He sits at a happy medium of going about his life, occasionally hearing about what Tony is up to, and only moderately wanting to cry every time he’s reminded of the man’s impact on his own life and journey.
, Howard. A son that, might I remind, you yourself built up to be the face of the team and possible future helm of the empire that you care so much about. So maybe you should try looking in the reflection of that finished-silver crab dish in front of you to see where he got that damn ego from in the first place.”
cars." Steve walks along the length of the car before getting in. The interior is altered and looks much more high tech than the exterior. Steve runs his hand along the dashboard, a glowing touch screen control panel installed, replacing where there’s normally buttons and knobs. "This isn't— Is this a '62?"
“I don’t know. Why don’t you kick the bucket and find out?”
She doesn’t answer as they reach her door. She opens it for him and waves him inside. Confused, Steve steps in, eyes still trained on her. “Nat, what’s going on?”
"I'm his captain," Steve explains, hoping that being in the Avengers uniform will help his case. "I just came up to check on him before the bus leaves."
The reporter nods. "Your comments at your father's last press conference have ruffled many people's feathers. To quote you— If I may?"
This chapter contains slightly graphic description of injury and violence. I've notated these brief sections with ***, if reading it would make you uncomfortable and you would rather skip over it.
“I don’t know,” Steve eventually sighs, draining the last of his beer. Tomorrow morning the Avengers are all piling on a plane and flying all the way to Bakersfield, California to begin their International exhibition games. The teams they’ll be playing against were finalized only last week, and everyone had been disappointed they didn’t have a game against the Irons. Steve sincerely doubts it’s for any reason other than wanting to see Tony’s reaction. “I think I just don’t know how to
“Not that I need all the details, but what did you two fight about this time?”
?” Tony groans loudly. They’re surrounded by their other teammates who are casting sidelong glances at each other, flashing wide eyes and raised eyebrows.
Steve heaves a sigh of relief, hands still nervously clutching at the edge of the counter.
The crowds and press begin to overwhelm Steve as he tries to remember where Peggy told him they would be watching from. There are baseballs to be signed and reporters with microphones and it’s all too much. The rest of his team is still on the field, surrounded by their own sea of people dying to get a glimpse of the World Series winners. Steve is about to give up completely until he feels a hand grab firmly to the back of his jersey. He whirls around quickly, relieved when it’s just Bucky and not some crazed fan. They grab each other by the wrists and force their way back through the crowd, Steve’s eyes trained on the brace that Bucky’s other arm is currently wearing.
At least the exhibition games are finally starting, meaning Steve will have a lot more to focus on than whatever Tony Stark gets up to after he leaves the Polo Grounds. It’s the eve before their first friendly against the Patriots from New Jersey, a team that almost bought Steve out from under the Avengers when he dropped out of the Majors. He almost expects Natasha to ease up this practice, but she’s just as hard on their drills as she always is. The woman doesn’t believe in levity.
Steve pauses for a moment before letting out a short laugh. "I didn't even realize— Yeah. We," he clears his throat, suddenly feeling very on the spot with how Peggy is looking at him. "It's always been the two of us since the beginning."
, dumbass,” Tony calls over his shoulder as he disappears around the corner.
“Whatever. I’m going to shower and get this plane stink off, then we’re going out,” Tony hangs his suits in the closet before slipping into the bathroom.
"Maria Stark," she introduces herself, ignoring Steve's outstretched hand in favor of a hug. She greets him the same way Tony had greeted her, wiping a smudge of lipstick off Steve’s cheek with her thumb after she pulls back. "It's a pleasure to have you over for dinner tonight. Howard is just finishing a phone call in his study and will join us momentarily."
“Eh, he grows on you,” Natasha ruffles his hair.
of lying!” Everhart yells out as she’s ushered from the room.
"We're getting a new pitcher this season?"
The Knights may not be the most welcoming (aside from Sam Wilson, who Tony is pretty sure doesn’t really like him and is only nice to him as a courtesy to Steve), but Tony still wants to be on a winning team. He doesn’t want their approval, but he deserves their respect. He presents his findings to Carol who gives him the validation he’s searching for, more often bypassing their supposed team captain to instead have Tony offer his input towards strategies and plays.
“Tony,” Hammer greets, tipping the brim of his hat with a disgusting grin.
The movie. Of course. “Uh, yeah, it wasn’t half bad.”
Tony’s gaze cuts over sharply, doing a slight double-take. It’s Tiberius’ dark, charcoal eyes that stare back at him, not Steve’s pale blues. Ty is smiling at him, looking smug for whatever reason— possibly just for catching Tony off guard for once.
Everything is finalized by the first of December. There’s some negotiation, because if Tony’s giving up playing alongside the people who had become his family, and the man he loves, he’s going to milk as much money out of those suits to help them as much as possible. He signs on for a three year contract for the Knights, the first year considered probationary. They agree on both sides to keep things quiet until the Knights can make a formal announcement in January, but rumors are already buzzing within the media.
"I'm sorry, I thought th—"
stir-crazy.
He just has to stick it out for a few more months. While he’ll still have to regularly train and check in with Carol during the off season, he’ll at least get a couple of months of peace and quiet with Steve, closing the distance between them before the next season begins and separates them once more. Selfishly enough, he’d rather them not go to the World Series just so he gets an additional few weeks with his boyfriend.
want me to lose it,” Tony says around a mouthful of dumpling. “So I’ve got some questions about a handful of the new recruits…”
about you,” Pepper shakes her head with a smile. “Honestly, I thought he was
is just passive-aggressive for ‘
World fucking Series,
She glances back at the papers, her brow knit. “He just got out of surgery. He’s still coming around from the anesthesia, but he’ll still be in the recovery wing under close supervision while he heals. It’s hospital policy that…” she bites her lip, eyes flickering with uncertainty between them. “That only spouses and relatives are allowed to visit at this time. Ms. Carter, you’re listed here as Tony’s legal godmother so we can allow you through to him, but Mr. Rogers will unfortunately have to wait until he’s transferred to—”
Peter bumps into Steve in surprise, quickly righting himself, throwing an apologetic look up at his Captain before looking back to Tony. “S-Sorry, Mr. Stark!”
"Hey, little guy," Steve greets, giving the tabby kitten a scratch on his head before ripping a piece of ham out of his sandwich and placing it on the metal grate. "Here you go."
Maria's smile softens a fraction. "Yes, it's nice being so far out from the city."
Steve doesn't speak again until Tony shuts off the machine and peels out all his newly made propellers, shoving the scrap material into a heap on the ground. Tony opens a few cabinets before he finds a large vat of clear liquid. He sets it down on a large Bunsen burner and turns it on, plopping down all his propellers. "A polycaprolactone solvent. It'll help seal and expand the composite."
For the top of the first inning, they clearly aren’t holding back. They’re directing their balls strategically, biding their time with a single and a double, trying to load the bases for their best chances at getting a run. Steve gets an out on their fourth batter, and Jaques is quick to follow by catching a ball that was headed for the back corner of the stadium. The Mockingbirds only get one run in before their next player gets tagged and it’s time to switch places.
"I had that,
Tony refrains from saying something horrifically cheesy like
“Quit your arguing, boys,” Natasha barks as they all make their way back to the locker room. “Tony, Steve’s right, you shouldn’t have gone for that steal. Steve, get off Tony’s ass about it, he really just ended the game quicker for us. Now the rest of you gather round so I can tell you everything you fucked up on today.”
“I’m not betting anything with you, Rogers,” Tony drones before stepping towards the revolving door. He stops right in front of it, throwing a look over his shoulder. “But if you end up being right, then you have to help me hunt for an apartment.”
“You know, I sort of forget you were an engineering student,” Steve remarks in amusement, tilting his head to the side as Tony’s nimble fingers meticulously disembowel his tape recorder.
Their fielders aren’t going to make any technical mistakes at a crucial moment like this, so Tony is going to have to play smart. He switches sides of the plate he stands on, knocking some red dirt off his cleats before assuming position again, now batting left-handed. He glares down the line at Hammer with a revived determination burning inside of him, rapidly working out the exact path his swing will need to take, the perfect moment to connect with the ball, the precise spot he needs the ball to land in--
someone so high profile just screams PR danger. My job has always been to keep Tony in line. Some people might think I’m not so good at that considering all the scandals he gets wrapped up in, but if only they knew the stuff they
Tony downs the rest of the Bloody Mary as he slowly eases himself out of bed. He’s wearing the same clothes from last night, shirt untucked and rumpled from sleep. “So how’d we end up back here then? You fireman carry me all the way home?” Tony asks in amusement, peeking into the envelope. There’s still a hefty sum of cash stacked inside, not that Tony really cares how much he won or lost.
After a much improved season from last year and their game earlier that afternoon won, The Avengers, for the first time in thirteen years, are in the running to play in the Minor League Champsionship Game against the finalists from the Pacific Coast League.
Tony glows under the praise from their teammates, nothing quite giving him the same thrill as Steve’s almost imperceptible shake of his head paired with a muttered, “
Thank you for sharing and commenting as always! It really helps motivate me to keep writing. I'm glad you guys are loving the fic as much as I do <3
"Nice," Steve breathes, immediately buckling his seat belt when Tony screeches onto the highway, already speeding. "You should put on your seat belt."
"You as well, Mandy," Steve says before hurrying out.
“Hey! We were wondering where you two were,” Scott greets from where he’s stretching with a group of their teammates. “What took you so long?”
Now is a time for healing.
"About time!" Natasha shouts suddenly, looking towards the tunnel. Steve turns, feeling his heart fall out of his chest at the figure walking towards them. This had to be a dream. A nightmare— one that Steve has definitely had before.
He doesn’t pay the request much mind, following her out of the gym and down the slow curved pass to her office. “What’s up?”
“However
Firstly, (is it really firstly if I'm putting this at the end? Oh well, I just didn't want to blab a bunch at the beginning of the chapter so you guys could just get to reading it instead of listening to my nonsense) I just want to apologize with how long it took me to get this chapter uploaded for you guys. Believe it or not, I had what I thought was a majority of the chapter written already... and then I just kept writing... and writing... and adding more scenes... and writing... and here we are, at almost 32k words, about twice as long as all the chapters before it. And that's not including an additional 6k or so of a scene I decided to push off onto the next chapter... lol
Tony stays still as he hears Steve roll over to turn the blaring device off. He closes his eyes, feigning sleep as Steve begins shuffling about the room, eventually making his way into the en suite bathroom. Once Tony hears the shower going he gets up himself, changing into some comfortable athletic wear before calling in their breakfast order to room service.
Tony flashes him a quick grin and a wink. “Don’t need it.”
“Are you sure this is okay?” Steve asks him quietly, clearly not over the trauma of the last time this happened. They’re not dressed for espionage today, and though the town isn’t populated, there are still people to pass to pass in view of by storefronts and houses.
Tony drops down onto his knees next to Steve’s chair. Steve’s sketchbook is filled with gesture lines shaping into the cliffs and hills, aimless but still purposeful. He’s captured it beautifully without any value or color, just breaking it down to their bare necessities.
We're in the home stretch, so to speak! Once again, this chapter was meant to be around 20k and really got away from me, haha. You know I had to end it on a cliff hanger. One more chapter, and then an epilogue to wrap it all up. It's sad to know I'm almost finished, but this has been one of my fave chapters to write!!
“Look at you, kid!” The coach burst, exasperated. “You burnt yourself out with that last inning. If you think I’m gonna keep a tired player like you in for any longer, you’re nuts.”
He elongates his strides to catch up with her, wondering what’s up with the urgency. “You don’t usually want my opinion on that kind of stuff. Is it really all that different?”
Tony pushes his hand off and keeps walking. “Oh, don’t even go there. We were going to lose either way, I figured I’d at least try and give us an advantage. We both know Lang wasn’t going to get a double.”
“What is there to discuss?” He asks, taking a few strides back towards her desk. “You asked three weeks ago if I was staying on another season and I said yes. I had Pepper send the paperwork over, already signed and sealed. There is no further
As Tony surveys around the open space one more time, counts his bags, double-checks that all his necessary grooming materials are packed in his toiletry bag, he realizes he hasn’t heard the buzzing in a while. It’s soon replaced by insistent pounding on his door, the sudden sound making him jump. “I know, I know, I’m almost ready!” He calls as he jogs over the door, quickly opening it. “Oh good, it’s just you. Help me grab these bags so we can make it down in one trip.”
The room is silent. The past 24 hours have been such a frenzy, his managers immediately working towards a viable cover story and making sure that Tony was emotionally recovering from the shock that they hadn’t even shown an inch of concern as to the claims being made. They're just here to dispute them, not judge. Maria opens her mouth to say as such, Pierce’s voice cutting in sharply from the corner. “Be careful what you say next, Stark,” he warns gravely. Tony looks up to match his disgusted glare. “Do you know the policy the military has about homosexuals who serve?”
Nine o’clock passes by and there’s still no sign of Tony. By the time ten o’clock rolls around, Steve figures his flight got delayed. At ten thirty, he thinks that maybe the traffic is bad leaving the airport. When there’s still no call from him by eleven, Steve calls the airport. After an infuriatingly long time on hold, he’s told that the flight from D.C. had landed right on schedule. He tries Tony’s cell multiple times but there’s no answer. He even calls the house phone in D.C. on the off chance that maybe Tony didn’t come at all, but he only leave voicemails. At half past eleven, he starts to make calls elsewhere. Tony had promised he was going to come straight to Steve’s from the airport, but it wouldn’t be too unlike him to get sidetracked. He checks with Bruce, Rhodey, and Natasha, but no one’s seen or heard from Tony. He even calls Pepper to see if she has any ideas, but she says she hasn’t spoken with him in days.
Steve tries not to feel sad about it, tromping down the street after Tony. Each step sinks in to their shins, one misstep on Tony’s part sending him sinking into a snow drift up to his waist. Steve almost starts crying with laughter as he tries to help pull Tony out of it, the two of them inevitably sinking in further as if it’s quicksand. They eventually get out of it, collapsing onto their backs into the snow to recover. Steve turns his head to look at Tony who’s starfished on the ground next to him, eyes shut and a huge grin on his face as he catches his breath.
"Buck and I used to eat there all the time," Steve smiles fondly. “Haven’t gone in a while though.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Stark,” the man, Coulson, says, giving him a vigorous handshake while his counterpart just gives a gentle shake and polite nod in greeting.
"Go right ahead," Tony allows with a gesture of his hand. "If there's anything I love more than hearing my own voice, it's other people repeating things I've said."
Tony scoffs under his breath. "He invites us over and can't even be punctual?"
in fucking limbo.”
She just flashes him a smile. "Good," she replies, sounding pleased.
“Well hello to you to,” Steve greets in an amused tone. “What happened today?”
It breaks Tony’s heart that Steve still wants to give people the benefit of the doubt. He’s so dangerously optimistic sometimes that it hurts. “You were the one who pushed me to keep my career going and in tact. I’m trying to do the same here by telling you
Tony is partnered with Rhodey for their running and catching drills, and Steve is definitely distracted as he watches how Tony throws and catches balls on the move. His dark eyes are like lighting, darting around from the ball in Rhodey's glove, to the sky between them, to the arc of Rhodey's arm, to the ball up in the air, back down to where Rhodey's dominant foot lands after his throw. His over-examination doesn’t go unnoticed, earning him a ball to the back of the head, thrown by Natasha instead of his partner Sam.
They’re fairly evenly tied when it comes to batting and baserunning stats. Tony’s average home runs per game and per season is lower than Steve’s, but the kid’s got him beat in grand slams (home runs with loaded bases). Tony’s apparently a monster when it comes to stealing bases, with a huge margin between that and how often he’s been tagged out during a SB attempt, resulting in a high success rate. Steve is pleased to see he’s at least far ahead of Tony in his inside-the-park home runs, on-base percentage, and slugging average.
The media’s still feasting on the smörgåsbord that is Tony’s surprise coming out at the press conference that was supposed to be deflecting his so-called
Tony continues to pitch ruthlessly. His old league doesn’t stand a chance against him, after two outs, only getting a single player to second base before the next batter bunts it directly to Tony, who easily scoops it up and fires it back to Steve in the blink of an eye. This third out brings them back to the top of the next, final inning.
He’s practically begging by the time Tony begins to stretch him with three digits, doing his best to keep his voice low as something tells him these walls aren’t exactly thin. He can feel the slight vibrations in the floor from the music coming from down below. The metal rack Steve is holding onto rattles as he grips it tighter, unable to stop the moan that slips free once Tony
Tony waits until he’s facing forward again to roll his eyes. The therapy sessions are completely useless to him, but Steve and Bruce are devoted advocates to its necessity.
Tony groans, hands going up to clutch the top of his head.
“You guys should swing by if he’s close to Kingston. Clint’s farm isn’t far off of there.”
Tired eyes stare out over the cliff face of a small, rural town set between Provincetown and Wellfleet of Cape Cod. The water of the bay can be heard down below, a gentle wash of tide lapping at the desolate shore. Pale light begins to color at the edge of the horizon, the place where the water meets the sky blurred into a smooth gradient from the atmospheric fog settling over the cape. Seagulls are honking in the distance, their v-shaped silhouettes gliding through the pre-dawn haze, seemingly as restless as Tony in the early hours of the day.
Tony lets the sound of the crowd and commentators energize him as he hops up and down in place between second and third bases. Whitaker had come to him first thing that morning and told him he'd be allowed to play as shortstop for the match.
Laughter fills the small studio apartment alongside the soft crooning of Christmas classics from the likes of
A bubbly red-headed waitress Steve doesn't recognize comes over with menus, eyes only for Tony. "Hey, darlin', you doing your usual?"
Howard and Maria Stark.
Pulling the hood of his raincoat up to shield his face from the rain, Steve hurries out onto the field. The rain has picked back up with the wind, droplets slanted sideways and splattering loudly against any surface it comes into contact with. “Tony!” He shouts over the rain and the howling winds, his voice drowned out as he approaches the pitcher.
“That’s not what I’m saying and you know it
Tony winks and salutes to him. “Sure thing, Cap.”
Tony throws his head back in carefree laughter. “Not all of us want to play ball until our bones crack under the pressure like you, you old fart. I’m quitting while I’m ahead.”
“Same time next week, boys?”
“Hey,” he greets sleepily, mouth opening in a wide yawn. “How long was I out?”
She does a double take when she sees Tony. "You're not—"
He stares at his reflection, eyes wild from adrenaline and sweat dripping from his hair now that his hat is removed. They’re
"I'm going to get one last refill before I get back to the missus," Howard slurs, holding out his hand to Steve again. "Wonderful finally meeting you, Rogers. Let's keep in touch."
Steve actually does choke on his coffee now. “I’m sorry—what did you just say?”
Tony lifts his head minutely, cracking an eye open at Steve with a raised eyebrow. “Oh, I’m sorry, was this seat taken?” Steve asks dryly.
Tony blinks, looking up at the scoreboard and back to Whitaker. “...A run, sir?”
“Okay,” he exhales quietly, for once, listening to his Captain’s orders.
As Peggy paces angrily up and down the room, Steve scoots his chair closer, reaching up to gently brush Tony’s hair back from his face. He picks up a cloth and wets it in the bedside sink, gently washing some of the clumps of dried blood from his soft locks that the doctors and nurses had missed. He tries not to let his eyes linger on the dark bruises marring his beautiful face.
Protesters have been lined up outside of the stadium on more than one occasion, having to be shooed away by the police to take up their offense off of their property. Tony sees variations of it both at home and away games, hateful “fans” posted up across the street to hurl homophobic slurs and wave their disgusting signs. He’s had things thrown at him in public, cars driving by to call him a fag out of their windows, found his own merchandise burned or destroyed and left in his yard. It’s nothing Tony hasn’t been preparing for, and at the end of the day, it doesn’t affect him in the slightest. While before he had endured plenty of hatred from the sports community for other reasons, it’s never quite
Steve shrugs. “It’s fine, I guess.” They haven’t talked ball in the entire four days since the accident. “I’m playing like crap, obviously.”
“Not my forte, but I’ll do my best,” he grins at her.
Tony runs a hand through his hair, slicking back the stray fringe from his forehead. “Don’t blame me for the plumbing going out at the stadium, I told you guys Rochester is a shithole. And if you had a private bathroom you’d take just as long as I did.”
“Right,” Tony nods, a bit of disappointment there. He’s happy to see Rhodey and the rest of the team, but he really had been hoping he could convince the introverted man to try and hit the town with him after the game. That was sure to lead to trouble, and Tony did love getting himself into (and out of) sticky situations.
"Why not now?" Steve suggests, raising his eyebrows at Tony. "I'm sure you can afford another plate on the bill, right?"
to play baseball. As if he deserves any of the atrocious and hateful things that will be constantly hurled at him, and individuals like him have had to face for years. As if he should feel inferior to anyone else because he’s in love with a man, and be forced to hide that part of him away for the rest of his life, until he eventually implodes on himself. He’ll resent not saying something sooner, not using his position to speak out about what a true injustice these false assumptions are.
“I’ll regretfully have to pass. Jane is in Arizona for a research project and is flying in tonight to visit,” Thor answers, getting that doe-eyed look in his eyes that makes bile rise up in Tony’s throat.
In the end, it’s over much quicker than anyone is expecting after such a drawn out game. The Irons are swinging at practically every pitch Tony throws now, desperate to make contact with the ball. It’s a good method, and Tony doesn’t manage to strike anyone out, but that hardly matters when their defenders are laser focused with the confidence that there’s no possibility of letting five players make it all the way around the diamond.
He neglects Steve’s offering of his hand and gets up himself to walk the two feet to the car door. He isn’t totally helpless, even if he does still ache all over and in certain positions it’s a little difficult to breathe. He lets Steve close the door from him, staring straight ahead while the man shakes Dr. Hallstatt’s hand and loads the wheelchair in the back.
“Not me, Cap, this is all you,” he slings an arm around Steve’s shoulders, bringing him closer. The height difference is a little less pronounced with Tony sitting on a raised barstool and Steve standing, but he still has to duck down a little to allow the friendly action. “This is because of The Avengers,
It’s weeks later, and Steve is still irate about it. He tries hard not to be, he
Steve rolls his eyes but otherwise re-dresses his top half protest-free. Tony pretends he’s not ogling Steve’s shirtless form through the large mirror on the wall, but maybe he makes sure he’s standing in an advantageous position to peek at him through the reflection.
There’s still a slight sheen of sweat on Steve’s body, his chest rising and falling rapidly as he attempts to catch his breath after Tony had decided this morning he would be introducing Steve to the world of being woken up by a blowjob. “What?” He asks in amusement, craning his neck to look down at the top of Tony’s head.
“Did you already
Once he’s gone, Tony turns to Steve and the other two players ahead of him on the batting order. “Okay guys, ignore whatever Rezzo just told you and listen to me. Waynes, Nancy, I need at least one of you to get on base. Most likely, one of you will get an out, but that’s okay as long as it’s not both of you. Hammer’s show-boaty, and he loves to throw a pitch he knows will go foul to try and psych a batter out. There’s a reason Stane saved him until the end for this exact situation. You guys need to be careful when you do and don’t swing, but Steve—” He turns his full attention on his Captain now, his blue eyes alight with attentive energy as he listens to every word Tony has to say to him. “As long as we don’t have two outs, don’t swing.”
“I’m real sorry about all this, Anthony,” said a soft voice, firm and apolegetic with that Brooklyn twang that came out whenever he got emotional. “I wanted to explain everything to you myself, but I didn’t have any way of making sure you came.”
(1:15) i texted it and it’s this guy from brooklyn
(6:36) r u old?
(2:24)
(7:41)
(6:28) 2 l8 its ur contact name now
(1:16)
(11:02)
(12:40)
(9:54) sorry i had to go somewhere more private
[ Call Ended : 10:34 PM ]
(5:44) i said i was CONSIDERING IT
(6:35)
(1:11) ugh yes
(1:03) hey traitor
(10:42)
(7:28)
(8:36)
(5:33)
“Alright.”
(2:29) listen
(12:33) i know
(7:38)
(12:46) captain!
(6:46)
(5:47) send me the notes from that meeting on friday, i’ll review them before tomorrow
(6:35)
(2:40)
(12:04) im sorry, pepper.
(10:53)
(1:20) for all he knows im just some run of the mill nobody inventor from manhattan
(5:59) maybe when im done working
(6:55) ur rude for an elderly person u kno that?
(6:10)
(7:24)
(12:59)
(6:48) only kind of tho im still convinced im infiltrating a retirement home
, Tony, I promise that
(12:55) hey i didnt mean to make u feel bad abt sharing
(5:18) no i was trying to get some alone time in my friend’s house
(2:59)
(8:44)
(12:01)
(3:16) close, im ten
(2:47) it was bad, bruce
(8:20)
Sunday - AM
(10:01) really glad i went somewhere more private
(2:09) really good
“Yeah, she’s a gem. Anyways, she threatened to drop me off the top of my tower if I wasn’t on my A game tomorrow.”
(6:18) yikes, u hate roman holiday that much?
(11:55) are hobbies personal info?
(9:16) np. sorry again for interrupting your date.
He looked up with a glare when Steve chuckled. “Keep a lid on it or I’ll keep you blocked, babycakes.”
(5:34) dont tell natasha that she would break my thumbs
(6:18)
(1:00) yes
(6:42)
(9:29) yay thanks
(1:15) idk. havent wanted to talk to someone like this since pepper
(2:25)
“I’m not Anthony,” Tony snapped. Steve sat back in his seat, looking taken aback, and Tony took a moment to breathe, to try and calm himself down. “I’m not Anthony,
(1:20) he doesnt know anything about the money or the press or me
“Cheap shot,” Tony said.
(10:59)
(10:26)
(5:50)
(5:18)
Tony set his phone down carefully on the table. “Mr. Rogers-”
(9:24) yes
(11:14)
(6:37)
“Seems like a pretty good setup.”
(5:45) disrespectful right??
(9:27) it won’t happen again i promise
(5:33)
(9:24) i’m so sorry about earlier
“Ass.”
“Ha. That’s funny.”
(11:17)
(9:30)
(12:13)
(8:32) ESPECIALLY not with a kid
Thank you all for reading, and thank you for 1000 hits! That's actually crazy. I appreciate all of you <3
(3:36) baby
(6:03)
(9:52) i will. thanks bruceykins
(5:56)
(5:39) ive been dealing with the fallout all day
(12:51)
“Neither did you,” Steve said. “If anything,
(8:29)
(2:47) too much?
(8:43)
(2:36)
(7:57)
(4:15) holy shit are you h o t ? ?
(1:04) although normally its bc theyre drunk
Monday - PM
(11:09)
(2:29) u should join us for dinner
(10:21)
(3:05) u know me so well. thats why ur in charge!
(3:06)
“We are going to have phone sex.”
(5:13)
(2:53) you dont have to
(11:57)
“Yes,” he said. “She owns the gym I work for. We’ve been friends for years, we served in the army together.”
(5:48) ok ignoring
(6:43)
(2:16)
(1:07)
(11:42) who’s asking?
(2:24)
(8:23)
“See, this is exactly what I was talking about. You’re such a fucking dad.”
(6:50)
(See the end of the chapter for
(5:41)
(12:57) ok
(3:28) i’ll start im 39
Tuesday - AM
(2:25)
(10:32) but baaaaaabe
(2:33) cool
(8:09)
(2:25) oh yeah, work them hard, baby
(12:35)
“You really want to keep talking to me?” he asked.
(5:21) god theyre grooooosss. im never this gross when im dating someone
(5:17)
“Ha! Absolutely not. I have a bottle of whiskey in my closet, I’m not about to go into my room.”
(6:49)
(9:45)
(5:10) I’m sorry, Ms. Potts, but Sir has blocked all communication at this time.
(9:37) rude
(2:20)
(5:55) mostly
(3:15)
“Well,” he said, when too much time had passed and Steve was starting to drum his fingers against the side of his coffee cup. “I appreciate you clearing this up. I hope I didn’t take up too much of your day.”
(9:13) you’re welcome
(9:45)
(8:06)
(10:59)
(2:37) isn’t that actually crazy
Tony glared at him. “I do want to get dinner with you. Ass,” he added, pleased when it made Steve grin.
(6:20) fine, why?
(5:35)
(9:17)
(10:32)
(2:06)
(9:50) oh, it’s my turn to talk now. ttyl!
“I can’t believe I fucking trusted you. This- this whole thing was- and
(2:28)
(9:36)
(5:54)
(10:35) cmon i told u im not homophobic
(8:51)
(5:58) i say what i mean and i mean what i say, babe
(7:36)
(11:00)
(12:41) and then u became a personal trainer
“I’m going to try. If I can’t, I’ll figure something else out. I’m adaptable like that.”
(1:26)
Monday - AM
(6:01)
(8:23)
(2:24)
(12:51)
(5:55) i know its pathetic
(6:09)
(5:29)
Tuesday - PM
(10:28) come on dont leave me hanging
(2:33) ok dum-e is abt to flip a switch that might blow up the tower so i’ll ttyl pep-in-my-step
(2:33) had you met him before??
(11:21)
“Goodnight.”
(2:57)
(12:14) fine
(5:34)
(12:30) Sir is not in any immediate danger.
(11:10)
(2:22)
(6:31)
“I didn’t know you had insomnia.”
(10:39) so this is embarrassing
“If you want me to.”
(6:38)
(2:37)
(12:16) have fun w ~~~natasha~~
“I’m going to what?”
(4:09) im an… inventor of sorts
(2:32) anything interesting happening?
(11:15)
(5:12)
“Well, since you’re the captain, I think it’s only fair I listen to your orders, hm?”
(9:48)
(11:10) i dont normally get fake numbers
(7:18)
(2:34)
(5:31) ikr? im just gonna eat in the kitchen fuck that
“I… I could. I could do that.”
“I didn’t say anything.” A ringing started up, and Steve fished his phone back out. “Shit,” he said, answering and pressing it to his ear. “Clint, I- yes, I know, I’m coming.” He waved at Tony with another bright grin, backing away. “I’ll text you,” he said. Then he scowled. “No, not you, Clint, fuck off. Tell her I got stuck in traffic, I said I’m
(10:32)
(7:44) sure thing, dad ;)
(2:19)
(12:54)
Tony shrugged. “You’re hot,” he said. “Sue me for having eyes.”
(12:00)
(7:01) sure thing, sweet pea
(6:34)
(10:42)
“Good. Don’t want to keep something like that covered up, hm? God, I wish I could touch you.”
(9:47) own it, babe
(12:37) makes me feel bad every time i complain abt my own job lol
(10:20) it figures u wouldnt give a single shit about aliens
“That’s alright,” Steve said with a smile.
(10:31) yeah it sucks
(5:15) or is it?
(10:33) you havent sexted before have you
(10:39)
He turned to grin at the barista when she returned with his black coffee. “Thanks, Mikayla,” he said, taking the paper cup and turning to make his way across the room.
(10:12)
(10:58)
(10:24)
Captain.”
(5:19)
“Bye, Cap.”
(10:23) hows work?
“A what?”
(11:08)
(10:17)
(12:30) no
“No!”
(6:36) enjoy the talking fish, captain
(5:07)
“Oh, I- yes, please keep saying my name.”
(12:18) pity, no one ever does
(9:24) sure. when?
, and he was never more grateful for his tinted sunglasses, which ensured that he would see nothing more from Tony than a hard, pinched frown and an impassive gaze.
(2:29) damn, was that today?
(12:50) you can tell no one
(1:00) every day
(1:24)
(2:52) aw. brucey.
(12:04) no invite?
(10:46)
(11:54)
(12:05) yeah, but i figured it wouldnt hurt to repeat it
(1:09) bruce ur so smart have i ever told u that
(12:42) and my business associate would kill me if i gave u mine
“I’m fine now. I might actually try and sleep.”
(8:28)
(12:34) You’re welcome, Dr. Banner.
(2:52)
“Were you lying to me?”
(10:41)
Tony set his coffee cup back down. “I thought,” he said, and then paused. Fuck it, it wasn’t like he had any pride left in this situation, anyways. He might as well speak his mind. “I thought you were a setup,” he said. “A reporter, or a journalist or something. I’ve been waiting for the story to come out these last few days.”
(12:39) oh i know, real big sacrifice
(10:10)
(5:19) nothing
(10:53)
(8:30) its not like we’re dating
(2:33)
(2:51)
(4:25) abs?
(9:15)
“And, Cap, you haven’t even told me your name yet. Can you do it? Right now, can you tell me your name?”
“Yeah. Ha, sorry, I’m not very coherent right now.”
(2:23) at work?
(8:37) im not paying you to be nice to me, you know
(2:40) i wouldnt be able to right now anyways
(12:27)
(2:50)
(10:31)
(12:47)
(5:28)
(3:49) ;)
(5:11)
(1:01) we have exchanged pictures
(9:46)
(2:49) goodnight
(11:52)
(12:49) i am going to tell you something
(9:27) pls b nice to him?
(8:02)
(12:21) anyways, that’s one of my hobbies- drinking coffee! ur turn
(10:04) please say no if you want
Thursday - PM
(11:45) so what do u do when ur not working out and being a hottie
(7:26) get nice and soapy for me
(2:36) can u give me the sparknotes version later
(3:35)
Saturday - AM
“Oh my god.”
“Figured if I only had one shot at it, I had to make it count,” he said.
(9:18) i’ve got a break in my schedule from 1-2
(12:30) yes
(10:40) I’m sorry, I wasn’t trying to make you uncomfortable.
(11:00)
(5:16)
(2:16)
(9:03)
(2:46)
(10:02) oh and im also really glad i gave you my real name fuck
“... Well. I’m honored you told me about him. That means a lot, Captain. Thank you.”
(8:30) i dont really have a right to not be okay with it
(4:51) soooo… natasha
(2:23)
“About anything we talked about.”
(2:25)
(10:56)
(2:31)
“What?” Tony asked. He hadn’t gotten any proper sleep in nearly forty-eight hours, so his mind wasn’t able to put together the pieces quite as quickly as it might have otherwise. The back of his neck pricked uncomfortably, and he got a sudden overwhelming urge to run.
(5:27) something thats more important than me???
“Shut up. How’s Peter doing?”
(12:34)
(12:57) thoughts?
(6:37) im an asshole
(10:49)
(5:34) tell bruce im fine
Friday - PM
(5:51) cool guy 😎
(6:53) u are on a date with natasha
(6:21)
“You kind of have a fatherly vibe about you. Not to mention the dad jokes.”
(5:21) thank you, i know
(2:40)
(7:00)
(2:11)
(2:27)
(1:46)
(5:24)
“I guess not. You haven’t done that before, have you?”
(2:20) why are u up?
“I thought,” Steve said. He closed his mouth and swallowed, and Tony tried very hard not to track the movement too closely. “Are we- do- do you not want to talk anymore?”
“Oh, fuck, Cap- ah-”
“Are you sure?”
Tony frowned, because Steve was leaning towards him, and holy
(9:05)
(10:09)
(6:30)
(12:57) u can tho. talk to me, i mean
(12:54) yeah, but it’s not what i go by, so its still technically a nickname
“Aw.”
(8:42)
(6:39)
(1:12)
(10:47)
Saturday - PM
(6:25)
(7:35) alright ready when u r
(12:28) did you like it?
(2:23) im always up
(6:05) is that all for u?
(4:28) damn i didnt know i was txting a hottie
(12:31)
Thanks again for all the positive feedback on the last chapter! So you all know- starting in the next chapter, there will be a blend of prose and texting, and I'm really looking forward to getting to expand on this story a lot. Thank you all for reading, and let me know what you thought below! Stay safe and healthy :)
(6:51)
(2:39) noted
(6:37)
(5:53) 🤮
(6:57)
(6:46)
(9:27) no you didn’t i was being so rude
(2:36)
“Is that okay?”
(10:54)
(1:22)
(1:07) rhodey, right?
(12:56)
(3:13) i care about you too
(4:12) nuh uh i answered ur question already
(2:23)
(10:35)
(6:09) im guessing thats not ur choice
(3:41) i didnt sleep last night so i took a quick cat nap before getting back 2 business
(2:22) im not gonna repeat it
(5:41) shut up bruce i dont even know him
(5:33)
“Just wanted to hear your voice, sugar lips.”
(3:25)
(10:25)
(10:37)
(8:38)
(11:44) who am i?
(2:27)
(9:27)
(3:12) (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*good･ﾟ✧
(11:44) i absolutely can and i will
(5:52)
(5:46)
(2:30)
(7:25)
(12:16) you’re forgiven
(12:34)
(5:52) dinner :)
(5:23) u confess ur love one time and then u get ignored, smh
(5:40) fine
(2:25) idk cap, this could get me in a lot of trouble
(10:41)
(7:34) oh and dont think i forgot abt your cryptic ‘we need to talk’ thing
(12:52) need to sleep?
. That’s a hell of a lot different than you were expecting, I’m sure.”
(7:12)
(1:19) no bruce you know i cant
(6:32) 2 l8
“Go to hell.”
(5:52)
(5:32)
(12:58) ;)
(10:54)
(8:26)
(1:04) plus ive been told im a very trustworthy conversationalist. ppl tell me all sorts of shit
(2:57) i needed to pick up a few parts for a project im working on
(6:26)
(10:29)
“Yeah. My business partner- wait, I don’t have to say that anymore, do I? Pepper, Pepper Potts, have you heard of her?”
“You’re telling me now.”
(10:59) no, its not. im an asshole
(5:19) but they wont shut up
(10:45)
(9:35) im getting whiplash rn
(2:29) oh
(6:00) do you have to mush it all up first?
(2:38) i thought you would be nicer if u got laid
(6:00)
(10:52)
“Well, if you want to be crass about it.”
Saturday - PM
(8:42)
(1:12) yeah, u should
“I’d like to take you out to dinner,” Steve said, slowly, like Tony was stupid and
(1:26) he’s gonna break up with me
Tuesday - PM
(12:42) thats fine i dont need it
(8:32)
(11:06)
(8:32)
(8:39) go to therapy? again?
(9:54) okay
(1:24) eleven, maybe twelve years? i have a few different timelines going
(6:55) no i need to leave i do not want to be the third wheel tonight
(10:48)
(9:42) jarvis generated a list of the top 300 worst possible conclusions for this situation
(8:37)
“Stop laughing.”
(3:27) oh come on that is the most general info i could ask for
(2:13)
(6:12)
(2:55) ok
Wednesday - PM
(3:43)
“My name is Steve Rogers,” he said. “I live in Brooklyn. I’ve got a four year-old son named Peter. I work as a physical trainer at a gym owned by my friends Natasha and Clint, whom I served in the army with. Clint is dating my brother Bucky, which is still weird even though it’s been years and they’ve definitely had the hots for each other the entire time they’ve known each other. You texted me a month ago and I was a massive dick to you because honestly you were kind of weird, but then I realized I really enjoyed talking to you. I had no idea who you were, or that you knew Natasha, or anything. She figured it out a few days ago and told me, and I should have told you I knew immediately but I didn’t know how to talk about it and I was scared, I guess, so I didn’t and then I fucked up and made you think- whatever it was you were thinking, that I was lying, or whatever, but I
(6:05)
(2:44)
(12:09) nothing now
(10:43)
(2:24) all kinds of stuff. robots, computers, AI
(5:43)
(12:38) uh duh
(10:02)
(7:21) give me like ten mins to put away some equipment and then yes
(7:19)
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
(9:20)
(2:55) i would love that
(12:08)
(7:31) big plans for tonight?
(1:07) ok who squealed
(5:29)
(10:11)
Pepper would be pissed if he pulled a stunt like that again.
(4:29) oh btw i am also a man
(9:12) not that im not flattered, romanoff, but aren’t you seeing someone?
me this would happen. Was this all a setup? Did- Jolene gave me your number on purpose, didn’t she? What do you want, a story?”
“-then commit to it and- oh.”
- but he brought dinner so I had to put up with it.”
(12:55)
(8:32)
(8:13)
(12:13) ok
(10:00) luckily for u i find that interesting
(7:27) what are you up to?
(Tony,
X X X X X
(6:28)
(4:34) fuck off
(4:14)
Tony fiddled with his phone for a few seconds, then glanced up when he didn’t get a response. Steve was staring at him, mouth cracked open in a poor imitation of a startled goldfish.
“Why does that matter?”
(2:58)
(12:53) she will make so much fun of me
“I… I’ll try.”
(9:44) im a genius, remember? i have a good imagination
(5:38)
(2:21) what
(1:25) srsly, pep, idk his name
(2:34) nothing
(12:44)
(2:28) yeah, he’s back stateside on tuesday and should be down that night
(2:19) this is the middle of my work day, babe, im just getting started
“Hi. Okay, first of all, sorry about the last ten minutes, I know I was a little-”
(10:25)
(2:35) hmmmmmmmmmmm i doubt it
(11:11)
(12:28) i figured
(11:05)
(9:16) oh, hey natasha!
(6:59)
(5:14)
(3:22) alarm set for 5?
(5:24) what do you need, pepper?
“I- what?”
(5:20) you were right
(3:12) i mean
“Uh- me?”
Wednesday - AM
(5:00) i like her
(2:44) hm
(5:57)
(3:15)
(2:52) i want thai
(11:06)
(2:36) i dont know
(1:11) for one the guy definitely didnt want to text me back, i had to bully him into it
(5:33)
(10:42)
(9:30) he literally just said ‘can we talk later’ and that’s it
(2:44 - Not Delivered)
(2:23) hey pep-to bismol
(8:18)
(10:26)
(10:52)
(9:10)
(6:30)
(5:47)
(5:56) you’re a bully
(7:44)
(7:14)
(8:33)
(11:59) sorry pep i dont want you to always have to clean up after my messes but i cant right now
(1:03)
(11:04)
(2:47) but its over now so can we drop it?
(5:17)
(10:37)
(2:44 - Not Delivered)
(10:27)
(1:10)
(12:09)
(5:29) GROSS NVM
Thursday - PM
(10:22)
(2:23)
(3:16) you dont know that
(2:30) can i call you?
(5:20)
(6:39)
(10:31)
(1:09) thanks
(4:33)
“It’s gone. I poured it all down the drain and threw the bottle into the hall.”
“God damn it, Cap, you can’t just
(7:28) ;)
, wanted to keep talking to him, wanted to take him
“I want to grab your hips- hard- and pull you close. You wanted to follow my orders, so you’d be fine with me being a little rough, hm?”
(2:27) after that???
“... But, uh, thanks, though. I probably wouldn’t have been able to do that alone.”
(2:23)
(12:43) i can call u sir if you’d like ;)
(2:35)
(10:23) mostly i just make pep take care of things
(6:03)
(5:52) i was funding that one
(5:40)
(11:05)
(12:30) someone pointed out to me that this is a… strange situation, and i might have dwelled for awhile
(2:26) that its just fine the way it is?
(1:30)
(5:48) nat? ;)
“Yeah, you too. Talk to you later?”
(5:28) i didnt see your text until now
(11:52)
(12:39)
(6:08)
(2:15) ditto
(2:18)
(3:15) like what if we do meet up and i turn out to be a total jerk?
(10:50)
“I know.” Steve grinned. “Nat wanted to introduce us, you know. A few weeks ago. She thought we might like each other.”
(10:43)
(10:49)
(2:27)
(11:59) happy anniversary btw
(5:48)
(8:27)
(11:09) and i’ll have u know those were special circumstances
(5:51)
“No, but I can hear you smiling.”
(2:26)
(9:05)
(5:18) i come here to think sometimes
(6:11) my friend- air force guy- is coming to visit and i know we’re going to end up watching something audrey hepburn
(6:36) how convenient
(5:43) and im buttering my toast!
(9:19) do u like sandwiches?
(10:21)
(6:45)
(8:43)
(2:34)
(3:04)
(10:25) the weather is nice here though
“No, I wasn’t- I’m fine, Steve. I was just trying to catch up on some stuff and I nodded off. It’s a good thing you woke me, actually- I have another meeting with the board tomorrow and I really need to get this prototype done before then.”
(2:43)
“Yeah?” Tony asked, and he would
(5:09) u obvi really like her
(5:58) what does he eat though
(5:34)
(5:58)
(12:19) this
(9:40) ””””we need to talk””””””
(2:20)
(8:15)
(3:34) was that so hard?
(2:56)
(6:44)
“Pepper
(6:28)
(3:00) you’re talented
(1:01)
Tony stared at Steve from behind his sunglasses. Steve’s blue eyes were firm and unrelenting.
(7:39) night!
(12:45) major general?
“Thank god you don’t know how to use technology.”
(5:36)
(2:21)
(3:12) fuck
(12:19) texting i guess
“Figures you would be able to lift a table like a boombox. Big muscle man, aren’t you?”
(5:53)
(10:07) ugh nvm ur boring too
(11:08) sorry again.
(1:03) ah
“You’re not. It’s not- it’s not you, I promise, it’s-”
(5:47)
(9:50) but i think i’d let natasha handle that for me
Sunday - AM
(12:32) what now
(6:11) i feel that
Tony leaned against the counter and surveyed the small shop while he waited on his drink. It was a small, cozy place filled with mismatched tables and chairs. At this time of the day it was fairly empty, except for a table next to the window in the far back. He spotted Natasha sitting there, as well as a man Tony didn’t recognize. Tony could see the man staring at him from here, and he frowned, already feeling annoyance bubbling in his throat. He wasn’t in the mood to make nice with strangers today.
(7:32) peter’s influence?
(12:10)
Saturday- AM
(5:45)
(8:25)
(11:18) bye!! go get nice and sweaty for me!!
(5:52)
(5:58) HAHAHAHAH U SPILLED THE TOXIC FROG JUICE
(8:54)
(9:26) good good
(5:54)
(2:33) RIDICULOUSLY HOT
“Too much?”
“No promises!”
(7:39) decided to do it like the french today. i found a little coffee shop and i think i’ll camp out here, try and get some work done
(10:38) huh
(1:16) night
(3:24)
(12:57) idk. serious stuff?
“Ha. Yes.”
(10:08)
(6:58) me too :)
(1:09) maybe ur right
(6:19) second of all i’m blessing you with my conversation and you’re complaining abt it?
(7:34)
(7:29) being up this early is weird
(10:59)
(9:13)
(2:18)
(6:10)
(12:18)
(9:00)
“I- no.”
(1:31) there’s a lot you should be worried about in regards to me and this is not one of them
(12:21) its weird though, right? i kept texting you to mess with you bc i was bored and now its been- two weeks? and we’re still talking
(10:19)
(9:39) so wait do u mean you’re okay with it?
(10:35)
(2:37)
Saturday - PM
(6:13)
(9:14)
(9:09) romanoff!
(2:28)
(5:04) im trying to tell u i approve, banner
(1:15)
(12:32) ok
(4:24) shut up. i can see it now
(2:41)
“You’re the- what?”
“Um- talking? Us, talking? That sounded stupid, I’m sorry, I only meant that I don’t only want to keep talking to you for phone sex, which don’t get me wrong is really fucking great and I hope we can continue doing that, ten out of ten on that front I promise you, but I also hope that we can keep talking to each other about regular stuff, too, because I really enjoy talking to you and sometimes it’s just nice to be able to-”
(10:47)
“Ha! Wow, I would pay good money to take a Zumba class from you.”
(2:18)
(8:33) not to mention i am the least responsible person in the world and no one would trust me around a child
(2:16) did that guy from midtown energy drop off the paperwork for the merger?
(12:06) so here: im an asshole
(1:49)
(1:05) yup
“I want to touch you. Everywhere. Your abs, up to your chest, down your arms- I’ll bet you have muscles everywhere, hm?”
(6:52) no that’s perfect
“Did you have that rehearsed?” he asked, finally. He raised his coffee cup up to hide his twitching lips. He took a small sip, savoring the burn as the man-
“Hm.”
(2:13) banner ur gf is kind of scary
(8:15)
(8:36)
“Hm.”
(5:24)
“Hey, I’m not complaining. Physical health is very important to me, you know.”
(2:20)
(3:18)
(8:18)
Monday - PM
Monday - PM
(9:39) i guess
(9:43)
“Yeah?”
(2:44) feeling better?
(7:32) u r literally a personal trainer
(9:36)
(2:37)
(3:14) hey cap?
(2:42) but thanks i guess
(5:57)
(8:25)
(9:00) uh, is that…. wise?
(1:14) ugh
(5:16) nope
“What? I’m trying to make this less awkward.”
(3:44) im a night owl
(9:32) D:
(2:28)
(4:08) ugh stop being nice i dont actually give a shit
(6:57)
“Oh, yuck, never say that again.”
(2:30)
(8:26) how romantic <3
(3:09) is what weird?
(5:13) i hate being the third wheel
(1:24)
(10:21)
, what the fuck?”
(2:43)
(6:40)
(5:40) ugh
(5:17)
(11:45) tony STARK
“Nothing- nothing like- I’m not hiding things from you. I just haven’t told you… everything.”
(4:27)
(10:48)
(7:59) hm
“Oh. Good. You got the part about the phone sex, right?”
(1:27)
(10:37)
(6:52)
(10:31) shirt, no shirt? yoga pants, spandex?
(2:35)
(5:42)
(8:50) okay
“It’s
(5:45)
“Like you can tell me your name?”
(2:29) this is coming out wrong
(8:10)
Texting Styles:
(6:36) we can discuss our homosexual tendencies at a later date
(6:48)
(10:35)
(5:25)
- do you think you can distract me that easily?”
(9:20) no he did not omg spill
(8:23)
(6:37)
(6:36)
(11:13)
(2:46) ugh dont use emojis its weird
(2:13)
“Yeah, well,” Steve said. “You’re kind of being an ass.”
lying about anything.”
(9:13) why can i feel u glaring at me from here
(1:29)
“Forget it. Sorry. Listen- thank you for telling me about Peter. That means a lot. I need to get going, though.”
(5:25)
(9:59)
(5:38) are you five?
(11:03)
Friday - PM
(12:01)
(5:17)
(9:53)
(11:20)
(6:33) then what did u mean?
“You know,” he said quietly, “I really won’t judge you if you want to walk away. Please don’t feel like you have to do this to- to preserve my feelings, or whatever.”
(3:45) that’s what that buzzfeed quiz told me
(10:34)
“Oh, don’t get me wrong, I think I’m on autopilot right now. But it makes a weird kind of sense.”
(12:43) c’mon, u must have some flashy army title
(8:44) if u want
(12:31)
(6:45)
(7:31)
(2:58)
(10:53)
(9:24) did you have a good time?
(12:49)
(11:46) this is my company, and i am not about to have a bunch of ancient businessmen try to control what i’m doing
“Oh, good. I mean- duh, of course.”
(7:14)
(5:30)
(8:33) can u imagine the media shitstorm if they found out i was even remotely co-parenting someone?
(12:32)
(12:24) ugh
(12:08)
(8:34)
(2:37)
“I didn’t get much sleep the last few days.”
of it was a lie. If nothing else, you need to know that I do care about you, and it was never a lie.”
(10:49)
(6:13) at least hepburn was a looker
“Oh. Good. Yay.”
(10:54)
(5:33)
(6:18) ok rude
(1:22) the point is if he found out who i was he would want nothing to do with me
(6:02)
. I can’t believe-”
(8:33)
(8:38)
(2:29) also u cant take any of that its patented
(1:00)
(10:35)
(9:34) he’s probably going to tell me that he never wants to talk to me again
(5:40)
(1:33)
(2:49) how do u deal with it
Saturday - PM
(3:06)
Wednesday - PM
(2:52) i’d love to have dinner w u
Monday - AM
(2:12) i’ve been thinking about you all night
(10:56)
(2:48)
“I still can’t quite believe it.”
(1:11)
(9:23)
(8:26)
(10:14)
(6:03) ur words not mine
(2:27)
“What?”
(6:33)
(10:08) what?
Thursday - PM
Tony stared at Natasha for another long moment, trying to get her to confirm with her eyes that
(6:25) im bored puddin pop
(3:15)
(9:24) that was completely inappropriate of me and i shouldn’t have done it
(5:38)
(12:15)
(2:31) valid
(10:41)
Monday - PM
(5:46) nvm
(6:31)
(10:34)
(2:47)
(6:37) dont apologize
(10:29)
(2:19) she asked me to get lunch with her
Tony probably would have sat there staring at Steve like an idiot for the rest of the day had Steve’s phone not beeped. Steve grimaced apologetically and pulled it out, glancing at the screen.
(1:30)
(4:58)
(12:21) i know i dont, and i know i shouldnt
(7:33)
Sunday - AM
(9:50)
(6:45)
(7:48) now to clarify i do not WANT to watch ozark but i am fairly certain i’ll get some free popcorn out of this so
(12:34)
(6:36)
“Did I say that out loud?”
(2:39)
(4:28) my dude does it look like im complaining
Thursday - AM
“... Okay.”
(1:06) if u were wondering, it was pretty glorious
(12:33)
“There he is.”
“Uh- when you say
(2:43)
“No, it’s fine. I was just resting my eyes. What’s up?”
“You’re making fun of me.”
(11:12)
(12:07)
(9:47) no no u cant be shy
“Did you-?”
Friday - PM
(12:47) sure does, cap
(4:07)
(9:28)
(5:52) i mean i do, but not that project
(12:16) but kind of attractive right?
(12:59) sorry this is stupid im going to go
(6:45)
(7:45)
(6:47) oh fuk that was kind of a good burn
(2:29)
(10:35) well we definitely aren’t right now
(6:58) i’ll come back, apologize for interupting natasha’s DATE, cover the bill to give you both my metaphorical blessing, and then LEAVE
(3:21)
(11:06)
“Well, not exactly, but- c’mon, I’ve waited long enough, talk!”
(12:03) im an asshole
(9:18) in my defense, i did warn him of exactly what i was planning
(2:17) that’s fair
“No. Could- could you keep talking?”
(10:58)
(10:38)
(12:35) my best friend serves as well. air force
(12:04)
(2:04) im so sorry, we got carried away
(10:04) listen
“Thanks, I know.”
(12:50)
(6:31)
(5:18)
(6:53) sorry, WE are on a date with natasha
(2:59)
(9:48) yeah
(5:45) like he’s in preschool okay
(5:50)
“If you call push-ups duty.” Steve stood as well, snagging his worn denim jacket off the back of his chair. Tony had never been a big fan of denim, but he had the sudden urge to go buy out a couple of Levi’s warehouses.
“... Hello?”
Saturday - AM
(7:27) im sorry. i do want to meet you. its just hard.
(2:12) why did u wake up at 5
“... No.”
Tony remembered, vaguely, Bruce saying something about Natasha having served. He raised his coffee to his lips as he considered this, and took a sip. It burned his tongue.
“You saw me a few hours ago and will see me again tomorrow.”
(12:16) …
(2:24) i shouldnt have gotten mad at you ok
“I’m fine,” Tony said. “Well- I wasn’t. When I thought you- but it’s fine now.”
(5:53) yeah
(9:19)
(2:54) love u brucey
(10:50)
(2:53)
(9:29)
(5:28)
(2:31) well. he did.
“Kind of. Hit a little bit of a snag. Mostly I’ve just been sitting here watching House Hunters re-runs. Thanks for rescuing me.”
(2:54)
(7:30)
(6:31)
Tony watched Steve go, standing in the middle of the sidewalk with his phone dangling between his fingers. He was still watching when Steve looked back at him the first time, then the second, and then he had turned the corner and was gone.
(2:37) yeah
(10:41)
“Clint,” he said, eyes skimming the message. “I’m so sorry, Tony, I would stay longer, but I’ve got a client at two.”
(6:54) W O W
(5:46)
(2:49) pepper baby loml im sorry but i have bad reception rn :(
[ Calling - captain🔥🔥 ]
“Alright. Thanks for, uh, picking up.”
(2:18) you haven’t even told me your name though
(1:28) :(
(7:27) it really is
(7:24) couldn’t sleep
(7:23)
(2:59)
(2:35) and you didnt think to tell me abt how ridiculously attractive nat’s friend was???
(6:19) first of all yes i have lots of friends fuck you
“Yeah, rethinking that one. If I have this done by tomorrow morning-”
(10:45)
(2:31) ok im sorry peps
(1:09) no, apparently its an interrogation
(12:05)
(11:16)
(5:36) im fine
(3:10)
(5:54)
- fuck you!”
(5:33)
(3:18) what if u dont know everything about me
(11:18)
“Touch yourself.”
(12:17)
“I’m not flustered.”
(5:37)
(7:22)
(9:52) just
(7:25)
“Are you jerking yourself off, Captain? Are you jerking yourself off while I tell you how much I want to suck your cock, want you to- ah- fuck my mouth? Are you picturing me down on my knees,
“You’re not. You’re never- but it’s late, and you should probably go to bed considering you’ll be up at five in the fucking morning.”
(12:37) but im gonna need to change ur contact, you’re still listed as puddin pop
(10:51) haha yeah sure
(3:04) good morning sunshine!
Wednesday - PM
(11:09) worth a shot
(5:53)
(2:32) loaded question there sweet cheeks
(3:15)
(9:33)
(11:10) im very pretty
(10:55)
(6:50)
(5:16) my friend just got a girlfriend and she’s cool but im trying to make something to eat and they wont stop being annoying in the living room
(2:41) i mean
(2:57)
(2:31) wtf bruce
(12:32) so we both acknowledge that this is weird and maybe a bad idea
Tony didn’t want to discuss it. He had spent the hours between that phone call and now feeling worse than he had in years. Immediately after hanging up on Steve, he had opened a bottle of gin and finished it neat, and had only sobered up again in anticipation of coffee with Natasha, because he wasn’t in the mood to get lectured about it. He still had a faint headache.
“Yeah, maybe. Okay. How old is he?”
(8:29) oh thats whatever
“Huh?”
Thank you all for reading, I appreciate it <3
(9:07)
“I wouldn’t have,” Tony said, slowly. “You’re friends with Natasha?”
“Please,” Tony said. He pulled a twenty out of his pocket and slid it onto the counter as she rang him up. “Keep the change,” he said, then waved her off when she tried to protest.
(12:20)
(5:30) what did you want to talk about?
(11:00)
Steve’s arms loosened around Tony. He looked sheepish as he stepped away.
“Hey, this is probably one of the most responsible things I’ve ever done. Don’t take this away from me.”
“Alright, I’m in my room. I’m going to grab the bottle.”
(12:36)
(6:15) not a fan of brunettes?
(6:39)
The girl behind the counter smiled when he entered. “Hiya, Mr. Stark,” she said, setting aside the glass she had been wiping down.
(2:36) bc we’re both super cool?
“Did you read the first few texts you sent me?”
(2:26)
“We could, uh- we could do this again, maybe? If you wanted?”
“I’m kind of a ridiculous person. I work for… a very recognizable company. Every mistake I make… it’s very public. I haven’t- haven’t told you-”
(5:41)
(7:16) im fine. i was working all day. why do you ask?
(10:58)
(2:41) srsly getting your knob twisted should have eased some of that tension i can feel u grinding ur teeth from my tower
(2:22) you’re up
“Is the shirt still off?”
“So?” Tony laughed, sharp and incredulous. “So- so we’re done then, right? What else do you want?”
(4:12) i showed u mine, now u gotta show me urs
(2:50)
(12:06) booo i liked u better when u were single
(6:23)
(2:45) that doesnt make sense
(8:35) my exploits have been well-documented by every major media source over the past four decades
(10:21)
(5:39)
(11:04)
“Nice try, but you’re still insane. Get some sleep, Steve.”
(12:45) hey its not me that should be getting that warning bud
(6:59) W   O            W
“I’m free tomorrow night,” he said, like a challenge.
(5:55)
“I guess we were always just a few steps away from each other, then.”
“Yeah, I feel that. Um, you wanted to talk?”
(7:55)
(1:11) i dont understand how this could be a setup
(10:46)
(2:17) yo
Monday - AM
(8:42) you’re not busy?
(9:07)
(3:07) better
(2:49)
“No, it’s not. I- fuck. Okay. I like you, alright? I like talking to you a lot, and I… but I haven’t been entirely honest with you.”
“No it’s not. I’m supposed to fucking be in charge, or- or not in charge anymore, not really, but I’m still kind of- you know- I’m supposed to put on a good face, be this person who- but I can’t, I don’t know-”
(5:26)
(10:18) ok but like what if they invaded
“Was it alright?”
(11:14)
(1:41)
(2:47)
(5:55)
(1:36)
(9:51)
He waved good-naturedly to Mikayla as they slipped out the front door, tossing their empty coffee cups on the way out. It was bright outside, sunny enough to make him squint even behind his sunglasses. Tony shoved his hands in his pockets as Steve slipped his jacket on.
(5:31)
(5:41) nothing that shade of yellow is edible
Tony couldn’t help his own smile. “It figures you’re one of those old-fashioned types.”
[ Call Declined ]
(3:02) email me the notes from the meeting and i’ll look them over
(2:21)
(8:25) also he wants to meet me
(6:10)
(5:59)
(11:12) one of these days i’ll get u to flirt back
(3:09) (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*fuck off･ﾟ✧
(7:27) yes
(12:31) thank you for your service
“This isn’t a joke.”
(5:25)
“Steve,” Tony corrected, feeling his stomach flip. Something was wrong, this wasn’t going the way Tony had expected. “I’m very glad that you’re not, I don’t know, a journalist’s plant, or whatever. Obviously, I was-” Tony flapped a hand dismissively. “Yeah. I’m glad. But please don’t feel as though you’re obligated to continue any kind of, of correspondence with me, or-”
(6:01)
(2:53)
(9:31)
(2:21)
(See the end of the chapter for
(10:32)
(10:57)
(10:00) fuck
(5:57)
(8:16) u said it
(6:32)
(1:21)
[ Call Ended - 3:13 AM ]
(3:56) oh come on u set urself up for that one
(11:39)
(2:34)
(7:39) works for me
(2:48)
Tony stared at him. He felt a frown cross his own face. “You know who I am now,” he said.
(7:42) did you feel bad all day?
“Jerk. What’s he like?”
“Hey, I’m a genius, Cap.”
Tony tapped the contact and unblocked him, then closed his phone and shoved it back into his pocket. He turned to head back to the tower, unable to stop the smile from growing on his face.
(10:31)
(12:16) Alright.
(6:28) considering that you never flirted back i assumed you were straight
Wednesday - AM
(2:25) dont like that one? noted
(9:49) ah, the kid’s a fan of the classics
Tuesday - PM
(9:01)
(5:44)
(5:40) u made fun of my toast!
(5:37)
(7:23) what else am i supposed to do? my science bro abandoned me to go on a date w his gf :(
“Okay.”
(12:34) i dont want to
(12:49)
(9:59) oh u r
(12:15)
(1:02)
(4:31) im gonna pretend u meant that
(10:36)
(10:06) fascinating
(5:33) breakfast 4 dinner!
Sunday - PM
“Why would I be mad?”
(6:09) and now i can’t even get sympathy for it!
(10:29)
“About what?”
(10:57) ohhh are u gonna do some sit ups
“... I can’t. I can’t, Cap, I’m sorry.”
“Artist like his dad?”
(12:09) c’mon can i have like one fun fact
(5:59)
used Bruce’s name when we’ve spoken.”
(2:35)
(5:56)
“No I haven’t. I’ve gone through every text and phone conversation we’ve ever had. I have never
(7:32)
(2:38) no, i wasnt sleeping
(6:04) but then i dont get to bother you
(10:18)
“But that’s not why you called, is it, Cap?”
(9:26)
(12:37) yes
(7:25)
(10:23) well she was before she had to take two days off
(5:45) i just realized i have no knowledge of that demographic
(2:33) it was fine
(9:15) [ tony sent a link ]
(5:26)
(4:22) oh my god u are arent u
(6:55)
(11:58) we’ve known each other a week now
(5:39)
(1:18)
(6:12) ha
(5:22)
(2:23) ha. alright
“This?”
“And you weren’t acting?”
Steve frowned, a small furrow appearing between his brows. “Huh?”
(10:19)
(8:53) forget it
(6:06) yeah, still hot
(10:34)
(2:21)
(2:25)
(10:18) and actually, redeye to california! i had a meeting
(10:31)
(12:46) not that im not incredibly interested, but why are u sharing all this with me now?
(10:51)
Sunday - AM
(6:03)
(6:56) not a FOUR STAR RESTAURANT
(2:22)
(3:16)
(6:33)
“What?”
(5:47)
(10:26) did you give your number to multiple achingly handsome gentleman last night? i thought i was special!
Tony picked his coffee back up and took a long sip. It had cooled down enough that it didn’t burn his throat on the way down.
(5:49)
“Steve.”
(11:00)
(5:35) its good! its crispy :)
tw: there is some brief sexting about halfway through this chapter, as well as a kind-of dick pick (covered by clothing but just so you know it's coming up!)
(5:32)
(11:07) of course. bye
(7:48)
(9:28) cap wants to talk today
(4:01) its very important work sugar plum
“And I… I do want to meet you.”
(5:03)
(12:57) i think i want to date someone i’ve never met before
(2:19) said she wanted to get to know me better
(12:08) i had a bad day and it got to me
(8:15) watcha doin
“You can always start with ‘it’s not you, it’s me.’ I get that one a lot.”
(5:20)
(5:28)
(5:57) oh its hot when u get all disapproving
(2:44) do u ever
(5:46)
(12:56) no offense cap, but i really dont think u can figure out my secret identity with that
(9:35) im sorry
(2:44 - Not Delivered)
(6:11)
(5:55)
(9:25)
(5:54)
(2:20)
(7:40)
(12:05) ok then good news im not thinking about serial killers
(10:44)
(6:05) ohh, i see ;)
“Good name. Real solid. My dad would say- fuck, nevermind what my dad would say, that doesn’t matter. Sorry, I like to talk out loud when I’m processing something.”
Tony rubbed his wrist under the table, pressing back the giddiness he felt rising in his throat. He had the absurd urge to laugh.
(9:30) he asked to talk yesterday but we sort of got off topic
Sunday - AM
Friday - PM
(6:08) ah. dont let me keep you
(6:03)
(5:46)
(11:00)
[ Calling - captain🔥🔥]
“Sorry, Cap, duty’s calling. I’ll talk to you later.”
(8:23) thought that was our show :(
Wednesday - PM
(6:55)
(5:12)
(2:42)
(2:42) its def better than when i thought he was a reporter or something
(5:37)
(6:03) what’re u doing tonight
(12:54)
(6:08)
(10:33)
(9:29) hey how did you get my number? did bruce give it to you?
(10:41) u suck
(10:20)
Thank you all sooooo much for all of the positive feedback from the first chapter! I really appreciate it. Please leave a comment letting me know what you thought, I love chatting with y'all :) Have a good day!!
(2:16) its pretty late sugar plum
(2:20)
(5:55)
“Oh, absolutely. Why would he need someone else when I’m right here?”
(3:01) for the record i do accept portraits
Monday - PM
(9:40)
“It’s the truth.”
(1:19) he has no idea what kind of person he’s actually talking to
(2:26)
(1:25) gross
(9:03) it’s a terrible first impression, but an accurate one. bring her over
Steve’s lips twisted miserably. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I should have told you sooner. I understand if you’re still upset.”
“If I wasn’t so concerned about the state of your self-esteem,” Steve said, “I’d be pretty insulted by how little you seem to want to get dinner with me.”
(10:52)
(5:10) and she obvi really likes you
(9:39) where?
(5:29)
(9:21)
“I am not blushing. There are no witnesses.”
(12:55) promise??
(6:10)
(5:16)
(10:45)
(6:02)
(2:24) but to be fair it isnt really your business
(2:47)
(12:09)
Sunday - AM
(12:26) sorry, im not good with mushy shit
(9:51)
“Ha. Of course, Cap.”
(8:49) idk. bad night i guess
(4:25) u r a guy right?
(6:02)
(5:26)
“And it worked?”
(11:56) im tired of them all, pep
Monday - AM
(8:14)
(2:15) you want to meet me?
“You swear a lot in person,” he noted.
(3:38)
His voice had gotten a little frantic towards the end, whether because he was eager to finish, or because Tony had done nothing but sit and stare at him through his tirade. Tony let the words hang in the air around them, settle into the wooden floor at his feet, processing them. Behind him, the whir of the coffee machines buzzed peacefully.
(2:14) why’d you ask that earlier?
(7:24)
“Cute.”
(11:11)
(9:43) that’s number 116
(9:42) never
(9:16) you’re glaring again aren’t you
(7:22)
(7:10) how was the park?
(10:40)
(2:21) ah, that’s what the espresso is for
(10:58)
(10:12) thoughts on aliens?
(8:30)
(5:47) im fine, pepper
“So one of your best friends is dating one of my best friends,” Tony said, when he realized they couldn’t just sit there staring at each other. “Small world.”
(9:10) thank you
“Oh, no,” Tony said, hopping to his feet, “that’s fine. Duty calls, right?”
“Yeah,” Tony said. “My PR team would have had a field day if this had gotten out.” He looked Steve over, quickly, trying to commit as much of him to memory as he could. Fuck, he was attractive, in that innocent, unattainable way that Tony had never been drawn to before but that he now found impossible to pull away from. They would have looked good together.
(10:40) fuck
(10:20)
(9:40)
(2:36) trying!
(3:31)
[ Calling - espresso ]
a literal genius. “Soon, preferably.”
(10:40)
(2:15)
(9:44) alright. see you
(2:38)
(2:33)
(10:51)
(11:47)
(10:16) what does that even mean
(5:22)
(1:07)
(9:15) that’s… surprisingly sweet
“It wasn’t your fault.”
(12:14) i’ve had seven espresso shots today!
(2:28)
(6:12) i know, i’ve gotten the lecture before
(10:42) Sorry for bothering you
(2:31) steve is
(5:51) nah
(2:25) my inventions, sweetheart, keep up
“That’s alright,” Tony said. “I can appreciate a surprise as much as the next guy can.”
Tuesday - PM
(1:12) shut up
“Oh, just fine. Want your usual?”
(10:56)
(2:43)
(5:24)
(3:23) ah, love a good cheat day
(2:36) hey!
(12:29)
(11:02)
(5:23) babe they just left yesterday
(2:22) did i fail?
Tony blinked. “Oh!” He reached back into his pocket, fumbling for his phone. “Oh shit, yeah, I’ll do it now- yeah, sorry about that, you- yeah.”
(12:36)
(2:25) yeah
(5:34)
(10:19)
(6:33)
“Hi Tony,” she said. She stood, shoving her chair back with a scrape on the wooden floor. “Listen. I’m only here to vouch for this guy’s character. He’s a very close friend of mine and had no idea who you were until I told him a few days ago after figuring it out myself. He was planning on telling you but wasn’t sure how. He had no idea who you were before that and was
