Have an awesome week!! And I'll see you at the next chapter!!
What he hadn’t realised when he’d left Sam and Dean to work the case on their own, was that this was no ordinary witch. In fact, he hadn’t realised what was going on until shortly after he received a prayer from Dean telling him that they were just heading out, and after this hunt was over they should find some time to meet up. Castiel knew it was true, he’d been so busy with helping Heaven and stopping any new apocalyptic plans starting—he hated that this was normal for him. Sometimes he missed the old days when he just watched over humans and followed orders—that he had barely seen Sam and Dean for months, only able to pop in for a quick hello-goodbye before he’d had to disappear back upstairs. And even though he knew he cared for them more than they did him—Dean especially who would never see Cas as anything more as a friend, no matter how Cas felt about him—he still missed them and his time with them, and promised himself that next chance he got he would go and find them. Maybe they could all go out and have a meal together. He’d seen it happen in movies more than enough times to know it was what humans did when they wanted to catch up, and he’d always thought that it could be enjoyable, even if everything would taste like molecules to him.
They all laughed as they tumbled back into their seats, grabbing their drink and shaking off the tension from Lisa's visit. They'd been having an amazing evening before she turned up, and Dean was determined to get that back.
Claire waved in response to the guys goodbye, but she was already distracted by whatever had popped up on her computer, so Dean gestured for the man to follow him, and lead him back to his work station.
No girlfriend? It was mentioned.
“Oh yeah?” Castiel had no idea what Dean was talking about, but he knew Dean would explain it. He sat down on the blanket next to the familiar, the blanket not quite big enough meaning they had to sit close together, their arms close enough that Cas could feel Dean's warmth on his skin. If he just shifted a tiny bit, their arms would brush.
There was a knock on the door just then, saving Dean from having to go through any more
"Yeah," Dean agreed, "I did."
"Don't talk about animal sacrifices in front of the creature who was going to be sacrificed! That's just rude!"
I'll see you all next week!
Here we go!! Stuff (very soft stuff) is happening!!
Thanks for reading!! See you next week!!
"You already know what this is about, don't you?" Sam sighed, and Dean could hear shuffling on the other side—probably Sam getting comfortable on his own couch.
Everything was better when he shared it with Cas.
And now he was a cat, and he couldn't let Dean know that he was really here.
"I capisce," Cas smiled, doing air quotes and all, as he nodded goodbye to Dean and headed over to the front desk.
Castiel watched as Dean stood up, wiping his hands on his jeans as he started pacing back and forth, steering clear of Cas' chair in what was probably an effort to not crowd him. He was mumbling swear words under his breath, tugging at his hair and rubbing the back of his neck like he was desperately searching for the words he needed.
Dean could see the trouble in Sam's eyes. He loved his job, and was proud of his achievements, and he hated the fact their parents used it as a weapon against his brother.
"You're making a mistake," Lisa hissed, stepping forward threateningly.
"Right," Kaia said slowly, "and the rest of it?"
Very nice.
Just the epilogue left now folks!
(See the end of the chapter for
Hope you enjoyed!!
“She’s in here,” a familiar voice called, but it sounded far away, like normal human hearing wouldn’t have been able to pick it up and he only could thanks to his more acute angel hearing. “She’s already dead, looks like an angel did it.”
about it. Okay. But not next week, maybe the week after. Now stop bugging me."
Don't panic I'm here! I was going to post this chapter... this morning, I thought about it yesterday... Earlier.
It took Dean two hours to pick an outfit, and then he spent the rest of the time waiting, watching Dr. Sexy and trying to ignore how nervous he was. It was definitely right for the others to send him home, he didn't even want to know what he would have done if he'd been tattooing while waiting. He didn't spend that entire two hours while he was getting ready staring at his closet, he just kept on getting dressed, heading downstairs, and then suddenly panicking and deciding that his outfit wasn't right. He'd then go upstairs, choose a new outfit, and then do the same thing all over again.
And then a month later the call would come and like dutiful kids, they would answer.
Also I hope you like this chapter! I think it's a pretty fun one. :D
Just a quick note for anyone who had to skip last chapter, it is safe again. They are discussing what happened, but they are talking about Castiel's reaction, not what caused it.
And then he felt the surge of power.
I hope you guys enjoy this chapter!!
See you next chapter! :D
Dean curled up in the passenger seat again, this time due to exhaustion, rather than anxiety. He was in his wolf form, his head resting on Cas’ thigh with Cas’ hand in his fur as Cas drove. He hadn't realised how tiring packing up all his stuff could be, especially when he’d had the same room for his entire life. He’d never had to empty his room before, and it had taken a while, even longer seeing as he had to stop to tell Cas stories every time they found something new.
“Well, I spend a lot of time watching some of my favorite movies,” Dean tried. He had noticed that the conversation was rather one-sided, Cas just asking him questions, but he was a tattoo artist, he was used to it. He was always either a discount therapist, or he was asked a lot of questions. There was rarely an inbetween with first timers. “Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Star Trek, all the classics.”
“No, I’ve never had the chance. Is that a problem?”
Yes. Dean is an idiot. How could you tell??
So that’s where he went to when the thing with Cas got to be too much.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
"It's okay, Dean," Cas whispered, "it's okay. It wasn't your fault."
Dean *bee*ing an idiot. Part two. (I'm sorry)
He leaned back, sinking into his seat properly, tucking his legs up and making himself well and truly at home in that seat.
"Of course," Pam replied with a flirty wink, "I followed your instructions perfectly." Dean rolled his eyes. Pam was a friendly enough forest nymph, who seemed to have made it her personal goal to flirt with Dean until he broke. Unfortunately for her, he did not break that easily.
Dean thought Cas' words over for a minute, realising that Cas had a point. While Dean was asleep he was not going to be able to protect himself, and although he didn't expect to need protecting in his dorm room, the thought was still there.
“What kind of music?” Cas asked, and Dean was thankful he hadn’t asked Dean about why the rest of his life was so empty. He hadn’t meant to say so much, was planning to stop after mentioning TV shows, but his mouth just wouldn’t listen to his brain, and had kept going for some reason.
It was a couple of days before they let Cas go and explore the bunker. He assumed they were trying to make it cat safe, closing doors to weapon rooms, making sure there were no magic spell ingredients that he could eat lying around. Just the basic things. While it obviously wasn’t needed, Cas had no desire to eat spell ingredients, or mess around with weapons, it did reassure him a little bit that they were clearly taking their new cat ownership seriously.
"Yes, thank you, Hannah. Did you?"
It didn't stop.
(See the end of the chapter for
Here we go! Last chapter like I promised!!
I don't even know why this became about bee puns.... literally two chapters of this story even mentioned bee puns.... Anyway!!
Dean clenched his fists under the table and glared at Cas.
Dean gave him a stern look, successfully shutting Cas up. The older boy let Dean clean his knuckles and eventually stood still while Dean gently took his stubble covered chin into his hand and cleaned off the gash that was on his cheekbone. When Cas's injuries were clean, Dean spoke softly to him without making eye contact, “Cas, you don’t have to tell me what happened but are you okay?”
Benny put his arm around Dean’s shoulders pulling him close against his side as he covered both of them with a blanket, “Don’t be sorry. I know you loved him and it’s hard to let go. I get it.”
When he stopped in front of the house, Cas quietly said, “I apologize for calling you. It won’t happen again, sir.”
“Fuck!” Cas grabbed onto Dean’s back, digging his nails into him maybe a little too hard. His remaining four senses were completely overwhelmed with Dean; the feeling of Dean rocking into him, the taste of his sweat-slick skin, the sounds of Dean’s heated groans, and the smell of his cologne.
Strangers skated around them as Dean tried to heave Cas to his feet but to his dismay, he only ended up falling on top of Cas.
That’s all it took for the walls to crumble. In a second, Cas had Dean back up against the wall, licking into his mouth with teeth and tongue.
Let me know what you thought? Thank you for reading, much love xx
Still playing with Abby’s leash, Cas answered, “I’m okay, how are you?”
Cas waved him off, “Nothing you need to worry about. I just needed to see my baby girl.” He nodded his head toward the car where Annie was playing with the radio stations.
Cas brooded at him, “Dean! This isn’t funny!” In his annoyance, Cas reached out to swat at Dean’s shoulder causing him to slip and struggle to find his balance. In his desperate flailing, Cas ended up falling flat on his ass.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh and kiss Cas’s cheek, “That’s just because you’re so pretty.” He started the engine and drove back to his house.
Knowing exactly what Cas wanted and how to drive him crazy, Dean straddled his boyfriend’s naked lap and took both of their cocks into his hand, stroking them together. He moved forward to kiss Cas but just barely brushed their lips together and whispered, “Will you eat me out?”
“At home, kiddo. She needed to get out of the hospital for a little bit.” Gabe already knew how this was going to go; Cas loved his dog and even though Dean and Gabe helped, Abby gave him a certain comfort, she lowered his blood pressure and reduced stress.
Letting his hands cling onto Cas and pull him flush against his body, Dean let out a whimper. He desperately tugged at Cas’s hair as the older boy continued to markup Dean’s neck.
Cas ran his hands through his hair, the grease and sweat that was on his hands transferred into his black hair, “Listen, I don’t need to be judged for how I choose to live my life and I sure as shit don’t need anyone telling me how to raise my sister. If you don’t like it, you can fuck off.”
Again, Cas tried to get his attention, “Dean?”
Their radio interrupted their conversation, “3220, two car MVC. Possible entrapment.”
“You better let me know what you come up with!” She called after Cas as he walked back into the hallway, ideas already blossoming in his mind.
Still hard, Dean pulled out of Cas and flipped him over, “Want it?”
Charlie and Jo both made the same ‘awwee’ sound while Dean just chuckled and shook his head in disbelief, “You know you’re like the exact opposite of your brother, right?”
Anna shifted uncomfortably in bed and whispered, “I want to stay.”
Cas hugged him back, letting a tear fall from his own eyes, “Me too, baby. I love you so much.”
Cas started up the ambulance, excited to be back in the city he started off in. They started their patrol, waiting for a call to come in, “So, Alfie, what have you been up to?”
Dean picked up the woman and spun her around, “Mom, I missed you too.”
They decided to find a motel for the night and relax for a while before getting dinner. Dean was looking through his duffle when he felt Cas’s warm hands around his waist. Dean sighed and relaxed into Cas’s touch but tensed up again when Cas’s nimble fingers trailed down his hips and slowly undid his jeans.
Dean slumped down in their usual Roadhouse booth and mumbled, “Apparently he isn’t sweet with the people he fucks…”
Cas groaned, “Yeah… just tired. I’m going to sit for a minute.”
Of course, they agreed and decided on getting burgers at one of their usual places. At seven they were all sitting around a table with burgers and a beer when Charlie smiled at Dean, “Dean, I’d love for you to be my best man.”
Dean not noticing what happened, sat up with Benny and with a confused face asked what was wrong.
Sam and Dean knocked on the Novak’s front door around six o’clock. Anna opened the door with a huge smile on her face, something everyone was thankful she was able to keep through this hard time. She hugged both Dean and Sam before leading them inside, “Would you guys like anything to drink?”
“He… cheated on me with some girl.”
“That sounds like something I would do… what changed?” Dean was genuinely curious at the drastic change in his boyfriend.
That morning, Amara bought them two plane tickets to Seattle for that same day. They both quickly packed a bag before taking a cab to the airport.
“Cas… so loud.” Dean tried to wave his hand towards Cas but he ended up falling back asleep. Cas just leaned forward to kiss his forehead and sat back down.
Standing up, Dean started to get pissed instead of hurt, “So what? I’m just some guy for you to fuck and then toss aside?!”
Dean was awake in two seconds, “Where are you?” He started to pull on jeans and his usual jacket. When Cas didn’t answer Dean’s panic increased, “Cas? You still with me?”
One Thursday night, Dean and Cas were lying in bed when Cas kissed Dean good night. Their kiss started slow and familiar but quickly became heated and wanting. Roaming hands became desperate and Dean ended up on top of Cas. Soon, they were both in their boxers and Dean started to rub Cas through his, before tugging down his boxers and circling a careful finger around his hole.
“You asked me the other day but I never got a chance to ask you… are you gay?”
When the waitress came over, she smiled at the two brothers, “Hey, what can I get for you?”
Dinner was delicious and perfect. Dean decided to flick water at Cas the whole time and act innocent while he did it. Cas glared at him until Dean looked away, that’s when Cas took an ice cube and chucked it at Dean’s head. The face he sent Cas was priceless. They had to stifle their laughter to avoid the bitch faces the other diners were sending their way.
Trying to be polite but wanting to get far away from the situation, Cas shook his head, “No, thank you.”
After the doctors were pleased with Dean’s progress and lack of infection, they decided he could go home and that’s when Cas learned how terrible of a patient Dean really was. He didn’t ask for everything, in fact, it was the opposite; he asked for nothing and insisted on getting everything himself. Glass of water? Hobbling on his crutches. Something from the Impala? Disappears for an hour. Something from his room? Crawling on all fours down the hall. Cas has yelled, “Will you stop getting up?!” more than he’s said anything else.
Cas chastised him and shook his head, “Oh, come on, baby. You can do better than that.”
After eating a good dinner, Charlie stayed on the pull out couch fully-supplied with the full Harry Potter series.
Feeling sleep taking him back, Cas could barely stay awake long enough to whisper back, “I love you more.”
Dean nodded in understanding, knowing exactly what it's like to be a protective older brother, “Of course, she’ll get home safe. What time are you working until?”
“Better now that you’re here.” Dean couldn’t help but blush at Benny’s obviously flirtatious answer.
The two youngers sat down and it only took a few quick seconds before Jo noticed Anna’s tear stained eyes, “Honey, you okay? Did something— oh shit.” She stopped mid-question and pointed across the cafeteria to where Cas was marching up to Alastair.
Dean’s back was turned to Annie but he turned around when she chirped up behind him, “Hi, Mr. Winchester!”
Thankfully, Cas cut him off before he could really embarrass himself, “You don’t have to—.”
When Cas walked into the room and closed the door, Dean didn’t turn to face him but asked, “Have you seen my grade book?”
“Dean Winchester.”
Cas’s blue eyes were full of blinding rage, “You get dick once and go blabbing about it to everyone?"
Dean whimpered at Cas’s dominate words, “Yes, Cas. Anything for you.”
By the time Anna came running back in with the kit, Cas had drained two glasses of whiskey. He was determined to forget the fights, the betters, fighting with Bobby, Alastair, but above everything; Cas was desperate to forget the gorgeous green eyes that overtook his mind.
Dean adjusted his grip on the wheel for the millionth time, “Yup.”
An hour later, his thoughts were interrupted by Sam calling him, “Hey, Sammy. What’s going on?”
As they walk out to Cas’s car, Annie is hanging off Cas’s arm as he picked her up and swung her back and forth. He turned to Dean and asked, “Is Mathew’s good with you?”
Needing to tease his boyfriend, Dean smirked and gently elbowed Cas’s side, “I think you make a pretty princess.”
Cas looked so defeated, “…I’m sorry.”
Having absolutely no clue what was happening Dean put both of his hands on Cas’s shoulders and shook him, speaking slightly harsher than usual, trying to snap Cas out of his thoughts, “Okay… whoa! Deep breaths. Just talk to me, what’s going on?”
When the newlyweds kissed, everybody cheered, stood, and clapped. Charlie and Dorothy left to take pictures so Dean and Cas walked with everyone to the reception hall after Cas wiped off Dean’s tears. For dinner, Dean and Cas sat at the bride’s table with their parents, siblings, and the other members of the wedding party.
The room was filled with the obscene noises of Cas licking and sucking at Dean and Dean’s gorgeous moans.
Bobby placed files and pictures of all the victims on the table and sat down, “Why did you do it?”
Dean pressed on, “What about women?” The silence that filled the car answered Dean’s questions well enough that he figured out exactly what Cas meant, “Oh… you’re gay?”
When Cas was gone, Dean looked into the subway and found that every murder happened almost 30 minutes after the 10 o’clock purple line subway.
When they got there, Cas gently laid Dean down on the bed and kept his arms tightly wound around him. When they were both comfortable and Dean’s head buried in Cas’s chest, he began, “In Seattle, I was just coming to terms with being gay. I had my first boyfriend, Alfie, I mentioned him to you. These two assholes found out; they tormented him and he rightfully dumped me, it was my fault anyway. They started to assault him and me and bully us. Then they told my dad and he started beating me. If that wasn’t bad enough, then they told the rest of the school. I just can’t have you get hurt like that…”
Dean took a deep breath, Cas wasn’t the same person he met three years ago; he was a strong, skilled detective. He didn’t need Dean to save him. While he did have the occasional nightmare which Dean helped him with, at work he was a professional. He was an officer and a detective, not an intern anymore.
As soon as they were gone, Charlie and Jo were instantly back at Dean’s side. Jo comfortingly rubbing his tense shoulder the way a little sister might. Her voice was soft and concerned, “Are you okay?”
The nurse quickly came into the room and when she approached Cas he clung to Dean with shaky hands and pleaded in a wavering voice, “Please, don’t let them hurt me.”
Dean shifted restlessly in his seat, “Um… yeah, I’m bi.” He kept picking at the bottle’s label and was about to ask Cas the same thing back when Bobby’s voice once again boomed through the garage, “WHICH ONE OF YOU IDJITS TOOK MY BEER?”
Dean started walking back towards his room, hearing Cas get up and follow him. In his room, Dean flopped back into bed after taking a drink of water. When he looked at Cas he knew he made the right choice; Cas was standing in front of Dean’s bed, holding the pillow close to his chest, staring at Dean with those big, blue eyes. Dean couldn’t help but smile and pat the left side of his bed, “Come on, lay down.”
Sam and Anna piled into the backseat, excitingly giggling to each other, while Dean met Cas at his motorcycle, “Are you okay after everything that happened with Alastair today?”
Cas used his thumb to gently brush away Anna’s tears, “You’re going to show me who Alastair is and then you’re going to stay with Sam, do you understand me?”
This time, Anna seemed to beam with pride, “He’s the best big brother in the world. He seems super scary and tough but he is actually really sweet.”
Mr. Winchester’s eyes widened with surprise, “Did he?” Standing up a little straighter he turned towards Cas and shook his hand firmer than he did Annie’s, “You must be daddy.”
Cas had to take a moment to compose himself before he could move. Dean’s hot, wet heat tightly wrapped around his swollen cock was enough to make him see stars. Cas lazily thrust into Dean a few times before they were both aching for more.
Dean chuckled but quickly took the role of teacher again, “Annie, no matter how ‘self-loathing’ somebody may be, that doesn’t mean she can be mean to you. The next time she’s unkind to you, let me know, okay?”
Cas turned towards the voice, now recognizing where he was; Dean’s bedroom on the Valentine’s day they had spent together. Dean was curled up in his blankets, holding out a hand to Cas with a love-drunk smile on his face.
“You broke the poor kid!” When Bobby yelled that, everyone in the squad room either nodded their head or laughed, remembering last summer's intern.
Dean couldn’t help the loving chuckle from slipping out, “Of course you are. I wanted you since the moment I saw you. Those big blue eyes and god… just everything about you.”
Dean couldn’t believe his ears.
Cas nodded against Dean’s chest and hugged him tighter, “Sorry.”
With Sam’s experienced advice, Anna quickly picked up on the skill, easily gliding across the ice.
Chuck stumbled into the living room from the kitchen and got in Cas’s face, “Where the fuck have you been?!”
Mike, Luke, and Alfie all nodded in agreeance but Gabe grouched, “If he hurts you, I’ll kill him.”
Cas beat Dean home by a minute. He was still taking off his shoes when Dean locked the front door behind him and scooped Cas up, carrying him down the hall, “You sneaky, kinky little fuck. Kicking ass, arresting people, walking around all day with that plug in you. You are too good for me.”
Lying in bed wasn’t for relaxing and spending loving nights together, it was a dark pit that Dean couldn’t climb out of.
That’s when Bobby walked in and threw a dirty rag at Cas's chest, which he easily caught before any of the grease got smeared on his shirt, “Hey, am I paying you to work or talk?”
Dean took his eyes off the road and looked over at Cas who was looking down at his hands in his lap, “Just fine, Novak? Come on, parties, booze, women… that was all just fine?”
Pushing his ass back more, Dean grabbed onto the wooden table and whined, “Cas… come on, please. I need to feel you.”
“Bedside drawer.” Dean tried his best not to think about Cas using it to jerk off and coming all over himself, those thoughts definitely didn’t help his boner. Trying to distract himself he squirted some of the lotion into his palms and rubbed his hands together, warming it up.
Cas quickly shut their front door and stripped off his jacket before sitting on the floor and pulling Anna into his lap, cradling her in his strong arms the way he did when she was a small child, “It will be okay, love. We’ll be okay. What happened?”
Bobby grabbed the Impala’s keys from Dean’s shaking hands and quickly found his own, “I’ll drive you, let’s go.”
Dean had a hard time believing that after he just watched Cas knock out one of the toughest kids in school. However, he didn’t have a lot more time to think about it as fifteen minutes later, the lunch bell rang signaling the start of their next class. After seeing how much what happened earlier today effected her, Dean offered to walk Anna to her class.
Cas sat in the other chair and gladly accepted the cool beverage from Dean, “Thanks.”
Cas shook his head and started to put his phone away but Dean pouted and shook Cas’s arm, “No, come on. Show me more.”
Before he could think about it, Cas blurted out, “I’m sorry, sir.”
Cas couldn’t help but smile at Dean’s freckled covered skin from his cheeks all the way to his knuckles; his green eyes shined as he mouthed along to every word. The happiness Cas felt riding in the Impala with Dean was so much stronger than his fear of having to retell the events of the worst night of his life.
It was a little after midnight by the time Cas pulled into his driveway. As he walked through the front door, the first thing he saw was Anna’s worried face,  “Are you okay? What happened?”
The words seemed wrong coming out, “He’s in surgery. He lost a lot of blood and is… not okay.”
Back in the Emergency Room, Cas was sitting on a hospital bed with wide eyes and tense muscles. He was quickly losing blood but still fighting every nurse and doctor who tried to touch him. His wavering voice filled the small trauma bay, “Please, don’t hurt me. Please… stop.”
From his lips to God’s ears. A few minutes later, Annie jumped on a particularly slippery rock causing her to slip and fall onto the sand, scraping her leg on the way down.
The anger that built up in Cas’s mind was quickly draining, desperation replacing it,
Cas couldn’t help himself from arching his back and grabbing onto the soft sheets, begging Dean to go faster by rolling his hips and pushing back against Dean’s cock.
Pulling himself out of his sleepiness, Dean realized that Cas was still freaked out about the sight of seeing Dean being pulled out of a car. Dean lovingly took Cas’s hand and kissed it, “I’m right here, I’m okay. I’m not going anywhere.”
They skated for a while longer until their bright red cheeks and numb fingers told them it was time to stop.
Cas sleepily smiled up at Dean, “Thank you, sir.”
“He raped me. When he stopped, he said that the greatest torture was keeping me alive.” Cas bitterly spat out the last words, his anger stronger than his sadness.
A chirpy reply of, “Nope!” answered Cas, making him roll his eyes. Annie was six-years-old and as cute as a button. Cas had adopted her almost six years ago when she was two months old. Now, she was the light of his life.
“No, Dean. I don’t want to hear you apologize or make excuses. Just answer my question.” The only sound that filled the room after Cas snapped was the steady beep of the heart monitor and the pacing of Cas’s feet.
Dean didn’t need to hear anything else; he gladly dropped to his knees between Cas and the door. Cas caressed Dean’s cheek, admiring how his freckles stood out against his light skin, “Aren’t you a pretty picture?”
“He’s a good kid, Dean.”
They laid together in a content, blissed-out silence until Cas kissed Dean’s cheek, “I love you, Dean.”
With the next gust of wind, Dean could feel his tears drying on his freckle-covered cheeks. The pages of “Great Expectations” flipped until they abruptly stopped. When Dean looked down again, he was met with his favorite quote. Through the quiet, Dean whispered, “Thank you.”
After they had read the first two chapters, Cas shifted his position trying to get comfortable again but when he moved he felt his back protest his actions. A groan escaped his lips, he hoped it was quiet enough but Dean easily picked up on it, “You okay?”
Both girls stared at him with wide, shocked eyes and at the same time yelled and each smacked one of his arms, “Dean! You hooked up with him?!”
Pulling away from Dean, Cas wrapped a solid hand around himself and started to quickly stroke himself, “Open your mouth.”
When they got to the small light blue house, Cas grabbed his medical bag while Alfie pulled the stretcher out of the back of the ambulance. Cas walked up to the front door and knocked, “Topeka EMS.” He checked the doorknob which thankfully, was unlocked. Walking into the living room, Cas saw an older woman doubled over on her couch, her breathing was obviously labored and growing increasingly harder to take deep breaths. Cas crouched in front of her and put a hand on her shoulder, “Ma’am, my name is Cas. I’m an EMT, are you having some difficulties breathing?”
D: ‘Sad. What time?’
Cas looked completely defeated sitting eerily still with his blood still damp on his grey sweater, “Yes… I’m going to bed.”
“We are going to give you some oxygen and get you into the ambulance, okay?” Cas helped the woman out the front door and down her steps before carefully helping her onto the stretcher. Once she was comfortable, Cas put an oxygen mouth on her before he and Alfie lifted the stretcher into the ambulance.
Cas hollered back, “I’m blind… not deaf!”
They were both done with their beers and after ordering another round, their burgers came. They ate in a comfortable silence until about half-way through their meal. Cas cleared his throat, “So, what do you like to do?”
Dean tried to take his eyes off of Cas’s strong body as the black haired boy pulled plaid shirt, “You sure she’ll be okay alone for that long?”
“I knew that we were looking for a suspect that had been killing people by slitting their throat and drawing a symbol on their arm that he had tattooed on his. He killed his victims after seeing them earlier in the day… after the ten o’clock purple line subway.”
“Me too, sweetheart. I got you.” Dean unwrapped his arm from behind Cas and took Cas’s leaking cock into his hand, easily stroking him a few times before hearing the sweetest moan he’s ever heard and feeling Cas cover both of them with warm cum.
Cas pushed his ass back more and moaned Dean’s name, begging him to let him ride his cock. And how could Dean resist that? He quickly laid down and slicked himself up with lube before Cas positioned himself over Dean and slowly sunk down; both of them letting out a loud moan.
Cas grumbled incoherently and let his feet carry him to the guest room with Dean close behind him. Exhausted, they both fell into bed and were asleep in minutes.
Cas gave him a small smile, “Don’t be. I’m still alive, I have a family, the best dog in the world and new friends.”
When Cas grabbed a handful of Dean’s ass with one hand, Dean let out an already desperate whimper, “I have two problems. We are in public and neither of us is naked.”
In the house, Dean let Cas take a shower first. While Cas was showering off the airplane funk, Dean, Sam, and Jess were talking to Mary and John in the kitchen and drinking some wine. Dean squirmed and looked at his parents with hopeful eyes, “So… what do you think?”
Dean wasted no time wrapping his arms back around Cas and pulling their bodies flush together. Cas’s lips were warm and soft against his and everything Dean imagined they would be. It felt like he was being electrocuted and brought back to life and when Cas let out a soft moan into his mouth, every nerve on Dean’s body felt like it was on fire.
Anna answered without looking up from her phone, “Sure, Cassie. I’ll see you later.”
When Anna was done, Cas was already half-asleep, drunk, and hurting. He could barely mumble out, “Can’t slow down… no breaks.”
Cas was mostly unamused with the movie and kept eating his sweet, red candy. Slowly, he was getting annoyed with Dean’s jumping so he begrudgingly stuck his hand out.
Cas muscled through the pain and lifted Annie onto his shoulders as she waved back to Dean, “Bye, Mr. Winchester!”
Cas added another finger and started to harshly fuck Dean with them. This moment was perfect; one of the most attractive boys he’d ever seen was splayed out on his bed, desperately gripping onto the sheets and obscenely moaning as he fucked himself down on Cas’s large fingers.
That’s when one extremely drunk asshole harshly kicked Cas’s side; all the air seemed to fly out of Cas’s lungs as he coughed and tried to get up. He was met with another kick, then another, and another.
Cas looked completely lost, “My mother died.”
They’re both exhausted when Cas placed Annie in her bath, trying to fix the temperature of the water to hush her fussing of, “Daddy, it’s too cold!”
Jo admitted defeat and walked away, “Babe, you deal with this because I can’t.”
After taking Abby for a walk, calling Cas’s doctor, having his prescription filled, and stopping at a bakery to pick up bagels, Dean and Cas headed back to the house. The rest of their week in Florida was filled with relaxing days and bonding with the family.
Over the next few weeks, Dean and Cas get lunch and dinner often. They also take Abby for walks and take long drives together in the Impala because Cas loves the feeling of the bass from the radio and the rumble of the engine.
Cas just latched onto the front of Dean’s jacket and shook; seemingly unable to calm down.
“You weren’t out with that disgusting boyfriend of yours?” Chuck slurred his words through his aggressive question.
That’s when Charlie and Jo drove into the parking lot. Excitedly slapping at her girlfriend's arm, Charlie squealed, “Jojo! Look, Dean’s talking to Leather Jacket!” She decided to roll down her window and stick her head out of it before obnoxiously waving and practically screaming, “HI, DEAN!”
Cas’s warm hands smoothed over Dean’s ass, appreciating how willing and attractive he is. After a minute, Cas coated his fingers with lube, warming it up before circling the tight ring of muscles and slowly pushing his finger centimeter by centimeter into Dean. Thinking his moans were enough but still wanting to make sure, Cas softly kissed Dean’s shoulders and back, “Are you sure this is okay?”
He only realized then that his hands were shaking and he had tears streaming down his face, “Cas and Anna were in an accident… they’re in the hospital. I have to go.”
The rest of the wedding in fun and everyone ends up drinking quite a bit. Thankfully, Dean and Cas got a room and giggled the whole way up. Dean ended up picking Cas up and carrying him over his shoulder the rest of the way to the bed.
Annie, sensing something was wrong, hugged her dad back, “Daddy, are you okay?”
After hanging up, Dean rested his head against Cas’s shoulder, “Thank you for coming, I just didn’t know what else to do… you don’t have to stay, you know…”
Dean was rolling his eyes out of frustration, “Will you all shut up?! We aren’t getting married! Not now at least. Give it a little while and we will. Trust me, I’m marrying that man eventually. Now if you’ll excuse me I need to go shower because I feel dirty and exposed.”
Cas didn’t wake up again until very early in the morning when he felt Annie’s little finger poking his bicep, “Daddy?”
Cas’s foot on his leg was a welcomed surprise and so was the sly smirk that covered his face, “Good to know.”
Gabe heavily sighed, “Cassie, are you going to try to fuck the older Winchester?”
Dean gladly took it and held on for dear life. Cas had to fight the urge to smile at how cute Dean looked with his face all scrunched up. He fought it back with everything he had but he still couldn’t make himself drop his friend's hand.
Cas tugged his helmet back on before stopping at a diner to pick up burgers. When he got back to the squad room, Kevin was the first on to see the blossoming bruise, “Oh, shit. Dean’s going to be—”
Cas watched Dean read it and lightly smile before whispering, “Thank you.”
“Fine.” Dean hung up without another word but Cas only laughed it off, knowing Dean was joking with him.
Only wanting to help, Dean moved away a small distance, “Okay, sweetheart. I’m just going to sit next to you, alright?”
“He’s out of the woods for now. He did lose quite a lot of blood but we’ve stabilized him. The knife did cause some damage to his liver causing us to have to resect part of it. As of right now, we are focused on avoiding infection.” The doctor tried to offer Dean some comfort but it was obvious nothing was getting through to him, “Sir, why don’t you go home and get some rest? Come back in the morning?”
The woman shook his hand back, “Hi, I’m Lisa. Annie is going to be in Mr. Winchester’s first-grade class. It’s down the hall, on the left side. It’s room twenty-five. One more thing, we also have a Gabriel Novak as the second pick up person?”
Cas lazily stroked Abby’s ear, “Goodnight, Abby.”
Composing himself, Dean glared at the boy’s fidgeting form, “That’s what it said on the door, right? And to you, it’s sir.”
“Kid, relax. I’m just joking with you. Anna and I went out so he could get it out of his system, how are his knuckles?”
Dean grabbed the bottle of lube and a condom quicker than he’s ever moved in his entire life. It didn’t take him long to be three fingers deep in Cas’s tight hole and after asking for his consent one more time, Dean slowly pushed himself into Cas.
Dean stared at Cas in shock, “Are you serious?”
Dean sat down across from Cas and uneasily smiled at him, “Cas, you don’t have to call me sir.”
“Did you want it to?”
Dean started to walk outside with his best friend following him, “I need to go see this piece of shit.”
Cas was the one who locked it behind him before taking a deep breath and walking over to Annie and picking her up, softly stroking her hair and letting her bury her face into his neck, “Why was Mr. Winchester yelling?”
He laid down on his bed, cradling Cas’s jacket and running his thumb over the smooth black, metal ring Cas had given him while looking at the Polaroid pictures. The first one was them leaning against Cas’s bike; Cas had his arm around Dean’s shoulders. It was the middle of May and they both had t-shirts and smiles on. On the bottom of the picture Cas wrote: ‘Dean finally stopped freaking out about my bike.’
A few minutes later, Gabe, Mike, Luke, and Alfie came rushing up to Dean, all asking questions at once.
The next thing he does remember is the doctor shaking his shoulder, “Son? Did you hear me?” Somehow, Dean managed to shake his head so the doctor patiently repeated himself, “Fortunately, Anna was wearing a helmet so she has sustained minor injuries for the severity of the crash. Castiel however, was not wearing a helmet. He is getting a CT scan, we won’t know more until we see it.”
Cas couldn’t meet Dean’s eyes, “Please.” He didn’t want Dean to meet his father but he couldn’t take his father alone… not today.
Cas took off Mary’s oxygen mask and handed her the phone before turning to Alfie, “Go to Saint Francis Hospital. I’ll stick back here.”
Against all of Cas’s protests, Dean bought both of the shirts and the few other things they wanted. On the ride home Cas asked for Dean’s help giving Abby a bath. Dean grumped about it for a while but ultimately agreed.
“Hi, Charlie. I only have another half hour left of my shift then I’ll be by to get you. Stay out of trouble, you two.” Letting his smile linger after hanging up, the last thirty minutes of his shift seemed to fly by and soon, Cas was back at the hospital; only this time in his personal car instead of the ambulance.
Dean quickly followed him, after a few more thrusts he pulled out and stroked himself twice before adding to the pools of cum that covered Cas’s stomach. Dean flopped down next to Cas as they tried to catch their breath. He reached over and took Cas’s hand, tightly squeezing it, “Are you okay?”
After assuring him that everything was alright, Cas and Gabe decided to go to Sam’s for coffee before going home.
Dean, Sam, Cas, Anna, Charlie, and Jo had gotten into a routine of meeting each other in the parking lot every day so they could chat for a few minutes before walking into school together. Their usual morning greetings were friendly and calm but on Monday when Cas came back to school; their morning was anything but.
“It is the morning. I’m staying.” Dean closed his eyes and slouched down in the uncomfortable waiting room chair. He sighed and waited for the doctor’s footsteps to depart.
Dean felt sick to his stomach as Charlie read out his laundry list of convictions. He didn’t want to hear how many times his sweet intern’s dad got busted for abuse… or think about how many times he didn’t. “Okay, Charlie. I get it.”
“Dean? Are you okay?”
“Yeah, you too. Glad I finally get to meet the guy who makes my brother so happy.” After a minute, Sam crouched down to Annie’s level, sticking out his hand, “Hi, Annie. It’s nice to meet you.”
What Dean didn’t expect to hear was his best friend’s voice instead of Cas’s deep one, “Um… it’s Charlie. My phone shit itself so Cas let me borrow his. He stopped by the station to help me and we found something.”
Dean pushed the door open and stepped into Cas’s bedroom; the walls were white and he had a dark blue comforter on his queen sized bed. One thing Dean noticed that he didn’t think Cas would be into were the seemingly endless stacks of books on the floor and on his nightstand. Cas was searching through the piles when Dean walked in, “Hey, Cas.”
Dean seemed just as bothered by that as Cas was, “That’s upsetting. I will definitely keep a close eye on them. Let me know if Annie says anything else or anything specific.”
“Please, I want to feel you.” Dean moved forward, pressing his lips to the soft skin on Cas’s neck. Cas tried to take a step back but his resolve was quickly fading, “I’m no good for you.”
Cas blushed and looked down at his hands, whispering back to Dean, “I love you too.”
Dean chuckled and carefully picked him up, wrapping him in a towel, and sitting him down on the toilet lid. Dean quickly ran out of the bathroom after wrapping himself in a towel so he could grab their boxers. He couldn’t help but laugh at Cas’s light blue boxers that had bees on them. Once they were dressed enough, Dean carried Cas back to bed. When they were both comfortably tucked into bed Dean kissed Cas’s forehead, “Sweetheart… are you still awake?”
Then, Dean started to talk about somebody named Benny. Cas listened intently as Dean sobbed over him. Cas needed to hold him and tell him it’s okay; instead, all that came out was another quote, “The agony is exquisite, is it not? A broken heart. You think you will die. But you just keep living. Day after day, after terrible day.”
Brakes. Go back. Bad topic. Dean shifted uncomfortably in his seat and nervously sipped at his whiskey before placing it back down and watching the ice cubes bobbing in the amber liquid, “It’s okay. That’s a big can of worms. Anyway… you said you adopted Annie?”
Trying to calm his boyfriend down, Dean offered, “Cas, just take a breath.”
Charlie walked up behind Dean and slapped him on his shoulder, “Cute kid.” Dean smiled because she’s adorable but his smile faded with Charlie’s next comment, “…cute dad.”
Cas barely made it to bed that night, even with Anna’s help. After a restless night of sleep, he woke up to find that Anna had spent the night with him. She was sitting up on Dean’s —the other side of the bed, carefully weaving delicate red flowers into intricate crowns.
“She’s beautiful. So, what can I get for you today?” Sam grabbed a pad of paper and a pen, his hand ready to write down their orders.
Charlie’s hand was warm and small in Cas’s, “It’s so nice to meet you. Well, I have to get back but I’ll see you guys around!”
“It’s okay, Sammy is here. He’s in the room with her; I just didn’t want to cry in front of him.”
When Anna saw Sam, she waved at him and smiled (even though he couldn’t see it under her helmet). Castiel quickly reached behind him and gently grabbed Anna’s arm and wrapped it securely back around his waist, saying something Dean couldn't hear.
Cas wrapped Dean’s shivering body in the blanket, “Well, you look perfect.”
Not sure if he was pushing it or not, Dean gently kissed Cas’s lips, not caring at all about his morning breath.
The six-year-old beamed up at Charlie and giddily waved hello. Charlie gushed over Annie, “Oh my god… you’re adorable.”
All it took was thirty seconds before Cas and the much larger man started throwing punches. Cas got in a few good, fairly impressive punches.
Without having to hear another word, Cas pushed his chair away from the table and quickly walked out of the room.
Cas took Dean’s hand from across the table and supportively squeezed it, “This—me and you. I’m in it for the long haul. I want you, Dean. Only you. And Annie absolutely adores you, I don’t think you could ever do wrong in her eyes.”
Twenty minutes later, Dean and Cas were sitting in front of Cas’s house. The beginnings of the sunset made Cas’s fair skin glow, almost erasing the fading scars and bruises covering his face and arms.
They both took a deep breath together and continued to walk forward. When they sat down in the courtroom, as promised, Dean and Charlie sandwiched Cas in-between them and each held one of his hands. Everything is okay until they being Cain in; his muscular, tall body was dressed in orange and handcuffs. He didn’t look remorseful or anxious. He seemed fine, confident even.
Cas whispered back with obvious amusement in his voice, “You don’t even want to know.”
They started with what they were familiar with, Dean slowly jerking off Cas and once he heard his low, quiet moans Dean moved between Cas’s legs and took his hard cock deep into his throat. Cas groaned and grabbed the soft sheets. After a few minutes, Dean very slowly circled a lube covered finger around Cas’s hole, circling his tongue around Cas’s leaking head to distract him.
Cas looked just as shocked as Dean but much more worried, “How… how do you feel about that?”
Cas kissed and sucked at Dean’s neck, “Yes, please.” His reply was breathy and needy as he gently scraped his nails down Dean’s back.
“Has to be, I’ve never seen him before. Why… you think he’s cute?” Chalire jabbed at his ribs and smirked at Dean.
D: ‘Yeah but I can’t leave Sammy alone.’
Mary sighed at her overprotective son, “I’m just fine, honey. I have a handsome EMT taking care of me.”
They quietly sat together until Cas grabbed Dean’s hand, “You’re so sweet… so perfect.” Dean’s heart stopped, listening to Cas’s drunken words. “Want you so bad, Dean. Can’t have you though… no good for a perfect boy like you.”
Admitting defeat, Cas carefully and slowly placed the snake back on the ground and watched as it quickly slithered away. Eventually, Dean forgave him enough to hold his hand again. What Dean learned on their little hiking trip was not only did Cas love animals but he wanted—nay, felt the overwhelming urge to pet every animal he saw.
“I’m going to be what, Tran?” Dean placed a soft hand on the back of Cas’s head, fixing his helmet hair, “What’s up, sweetheart?”
“Yeah. I feel a lot better, I think I just needed to rest.” Cas sat up in bed and reached out to Abby, smiling when he felt her lick his hand.
Hearing the smile in Dean’s voice, Cas answered, “We could go when the weather gets nicer if you wanted.”
“Oh, Dean… come on. It can’t be that bad. I think you’re overreacting.” Charlie nudged Dean’s shoulder with hers before turning to her girlfriend, “Jo, don’t you think he’s overreacting?”
Dean quickly moved so he was next to Cas and wrapped a strong arm around Cas’s shaking shoulders, “I’m here. Nobody is going to hurt you. The doctor is going to give you a sedative and they’re going to help you.”
The look of desperation that plagued her face broke everyone’s heart, “I don’t know. He won’t tell me, he just came home like that last night.”
Starting on the conditioner, Cas kept asking questions, “Good. How about your classmates? Are they all nice to my little girl?”
D: ‘I’m leaving this stupid meeting now.’
Dean spat back, “Get. The. Fuck. Away. From. Me.”
Dean and Sam ate dinner with Bobby, Ellen, Jo, and Charlie. They all exchanged gifts and enjoyed each other’s company. Mary ended up giving them a call, she seemed to be doing much better and finally starting to heal. No matter how happy they were, Dean thought of Cas.
Without Cas by his side, everything felt strange. Driving down the roads in Lawrence didn’t feel the same; they weren’t freeing and open, they felt like a life sentence in jail.
Standing in front of him, Cas’s predatory eyes took in Dean’s beautiful body before stripping off his own t-shirt.
Through a few more kisses, they were both giggling and sloppily throwing their clothes off, staying in only their boxers. Cas took Abby’s harness off before getting comfortable in bed while Dean switched the light back off and laid down behind Cas, pulling him close against him.
As they drove to the store across town, both Dean and Cas made fools of themselves loudly singing along to the classic rock songs on the radio. When they did get to the small clothing shop, Dean and Cas were looking around with Abby loyally staying well-behaved as they walked down the aisles of clothes. After a while, Dean handed Cas a shirt, “How does this one feel?”
Cas nodded his head, his nervousness was evident in his body language. As he started to walk away, listening to what Bobby was telling him, “Get on the subway and we’ll meet you at the next stop, okay?”
D: ‘…good idea.’
Tears definitely started to well up in Dean’s eyes, “Well, just know that I’m not going anywhere. I love him, Gabe.”
Dean smiled because of course Sam supported them, he’s awesome, “Thanks, Sammy. I just feel bad for him.”
Cas smiled at his older brother, “When have you ever known me to turn down coffee?”
That Monday was Cas’s first day on and he still hadn’t heard from Dean; he just hoped that things at school weren't too awkward with Dean and Annie.
One week later, Dean and Cas were munching on Chinese food at the kitchen table when Dean nudged Cas’s shin under the table, “So, Cas, what’s next for you? You know, after this summer?”
Dean’s green eyes went wide at the idea, “No! …Unless they’re Sammy’s.”
JULY 19th 8:00 PM
“Highway?”
Their orgasms hit them hard, Cas painting Dean’s chest and Dean coming deep into Cas. Eventually, they managed to separate themselves and quickly clean up. As Dean laid on his back, Cas curled up against his side and drew patterns on his chest, “Hey, Dean? Could I ask you for something?”
They both had to laugh at that because it was true; Dean smelt like sweat and vomit, he was pale and shaky and was definitely not perfect at this moment. Still, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and helped him lay down in their makeshift bed on the bathroom floor.
Benny jumped backward and on first instinct, kicked down the door and shot the long-haired criminal once in the back. Everything blurred together after that. Benny barely remembered picking up Dean and carrying him away from the house, laying him next to the squad car and tightly wrapping a spare t-shirt around the gushing wound on his leg. He grabbed his radio and through his panic managed to say, “10-33. Officer down. 67 Elm.”
Her sweet brown eyes lit up, “Well, I like spending time with my brother but I also like making clothing and flower crowns.” She pointed to the red and pink one she had on her head.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas came back out of his room with his backpack slightly more full than it was when they got there. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas’s shoulders and lead him out of that house. In the car, Cas still couldn’t make eye contact with Dean, “You don’t have to let me stay with you. If you could, just bring me to Saint Mathew’s?”
“Nothing!”
And he did stop until Dean closed his eyes and started to fall asleep but Cas stayed awake watching Dean until a green eye peeked up at him, “Will you stop watching me? It’s creepy. Go to sleep.”
Pulling away, Cas put a gentle hand on Annie’s rosy cheek, admiring how sweet and innocent she was and wishing she could stay that way forever, "Yes. I just missed you. I’m going to spend the day with you, okay?” He couldn’t tell her the truth, he didn’t want to. Cas couldn’t look into her sweet blue eyes and tell her that he needed to go home because of the blood… just too much blood coming from such a small boy.
Cas carefully took the clipboard and sat in one of the leather chairs in front of Dean’s messy desk.
Dean walked into the back and came back a minute later with a cold bottle of coke. He slid it across the bar to Cas, “Here, on the house.” He gestured towards himself with his index finger, asking Cas to lean in towards him. Cas leaned forward so his face was next to Dean’s.
The siblings quickly walked outside into the brisk air, Cas opened Anna’s door for her before sliding into the passenger seat. Cas smiled at Dean, “This car is awesome.”
“Well, get comfortable. I’ll grab you some more blankets and a better pillow." Dean left to grab some blankets out of his closet and a pillow off his bed. Back in the living room, Dean handed them to Cas, “Bathroom is down the hall, the kitchen is right through there, my bedroom is at the end of the hall if you need anything. I’m going to turn in for the night, remember to take your antibiotics.”
He thought he could get back into the fight until his opponent grabbed his messy hair and slammed his head against the concrete floor over and over again.
Neither heaven nor hell could keep Dean from Cas at that moment. Dean ran a hand through Cas’s hair and with the other one squeezed Cas’s shaking hand a little too hard, giving him something to feel and ground himself, “Baby, take a deep breath. I’m here. You’re not alone, I won’t let you get hurt. I’ll always be here. I love you so much.” The heart monitor eventually started to slow with Dean’s encouraging words.
Eric shrugged it off, “Not a thing.”
Dean shyly laid down on his back, waiting for Cas to make the next move. Propping himself up on his elbow, Cas kissed from Dean’s neck down to his chest. He lapped at Dean’s nipple, running his teeth over it.
Cas’s cold reply paralyzed them, “No.”
“So, when you were asked to go in as bait, you were pretty excited?”
“Fuck you.”
Gabe smiled at how relaxed Cas is when he was around his service dog, “Good. I let Abby out earlier and fed her. Of course, I had to force her to leave your side. Such a loyal bitch.” Through the insult, he affectionately petted the sweet dog.
Taking Dean’s face in his hands, Cas started to apologize but was cut off by Dean putting a hand over his and whispering, “It’s okay, I’m here. You’re in heaven and I’m here. It’s going to be me and you forever.”
“Oh hell yes! Do you have stuff?” After his question, Dean flipped Cas onto his back and tucked a pillow under his hips.
Cas was already half out of bed by the time Dean stuttered out the rest of his sentence, “Deep breath, okay? Where are you?”
Bobby mumbled off-handedly, “Today.”
Every thrust pushing him both closer as they got lost in each other. It had been a little over a year since the first time they had sex and it had only gotten better. Cas got more and more comfortable with having sex; they did have some bad days but together they got through them.
Cas just shrugged, petting Abby’s soft head, “She needs her toys.”
The minute Anna saw her older brother, she threw her arms around his firm waist, holding herself close against him, breathing in his familiar scent and trying to ground herself.
Kevin smiled up at her from his calculus notes, “Hey, Anna. Where’s your big brother?”
Half-running towards his next class, Cas desperately searched for Dean… he was fucking pissed and simultaneously terrified. Luckily he found Dean right before the blonde boy walked into the classroom. Cas snatched Dean’s upper arm and slammed him full-force into the hard, metal lockers. He grabbed onto the front of Dean’s grey t-shirt and growled close to his face, “What the fuck is your problem?!”
Cas tugged off his helmet and ran his fingers through his unruly hair, “Here, put this on.” Dean shyly took the helmet out of Cas's outstretched hand and tugged it onto his head; after fumbling with the strap for a minute, Cas leaned towards him and quickly secured it, “Hop on.”
D: ‘Hey, it’s Dean.’
Looking extremely unamused, the commissioner cleared his throat into the microphone, “If we could have silence so we could continue?" Then he mumbled off-handedly, "…Thank you, Detective Winchester…”
And then the work started. Cas wasn’t unfit by any standpoint however, he wasn’t necessarily healthy. Dean always encouraged him to eat more and sleep well but when he joined the academy, Dean started dragging him to the gym with him.
Dean had no idea what he was talking about. What happened with Alfie… that was Cas’s fault. Alfie was a quiet, sweet, somewhat reserved kid before he met Cas. Then they started to date and the bullying started. Alfie started to get assaulted and beat up for being gay. Cas was petrified the same thing would happen to Dean.
That happy, winter day was followed by one full of uncertainty; Mary came home from rehab the next day. The first thing she did when she saw her sons was wrap them both up in a welcoming hug. In seconds, they all had tears in their eyes.
“Oh shit, I’m sorry.”
He left Charlie sitting wide-eyed and open-mouthed at her desk as she tried to gather herself. After taking a deep breath, Charlie grabbed her bag and walked out into the squad room, up to Cas’s desk, “Hey, Cas. Want to run an errand with me?”
She smacked his hand, which was gripping onto her a little too tightly before whispering back, “So, you do think he’s hot!”
At lunch that day, Anna sat down with everyone but Cas was nowhere to be seen.
C: ‘Baby, is it okay if Anna comes? I feel bad leaving her alone.’
The first thing he noticed was his hand still intertwined with Cas’s, the second thing he noticed was Cas’s crazy black hair sticking out of the blankets. Dean couldn’t help but smile to himself before willing himself to get out of bed and get ready for work.
Dean pulled away so he could look at Cas, “Why not?”
Cas turned around to face Dean, “Thanks… you know, we could go for a ride sometime. On one condition, you take me for a drive in that beast of a car.” Dean tried to ignore Cas's subtle fidgeting with the bike's keys.
Everyone was distraught but Cas’s anxiety attack made everything worse so the doctors gave Cas a small amount of sedative, causing him to fall asleep. The last thing he remembered was Dean kissing his forehead and promising him everything was going to be okay.
Bobby radioed back to the van, “Charlie, get on the traffic cams. Find him now!”
Cain didn’t seem bothered by that at all, “Oh, have you?”
Dean’s hands stopped moving but he still kept them on Cas’s waist, “Oh my god, I’m so stupid. Are you okay?”
As Charlie drove them to the station, Dean’s mind raced with thoughts of hurt blue eyes and blood-stained skin. By the time they were there, Dean was ready to shed a little blood of his own. He cocked his handgun and stormed into the station. Running through the doors, he reached the outside of the interrogation room where Bobby, Sam, and Kevin were waiting, “Where the fuck is this asshole?!”
She was still slightly shaking but being safe in her big brother’s arms brought her comfort, “Yes, I’m okay now.”
Cas seemed to get lost in his thoughts before answering, “…sure.”
Dean pressed a soft kiss to the back of Cas’s shoulder, “Night, Cas.”
Cas threw an arm around Dean’s bare shoulders and pulled him close against his side. After a moment of enjoying each other’s company, Cas sighed, “I should go get my car.”
And sings the tune without the words,
Dean woke up with a start, “Bobby, where’s Cas? Is he okay?”
Cain roughly grabbed Cas’s throat and squeezed as he snarled at him, “Beg, you little slut.”
Cas smiled back at Dean, running a hand through Dean’s short hair, “Me too. We’ll get dinner soon?”
Cas reached up to hold one side of Dean’s neck and placed one hand on Dean’s muscular shoulder. Having Dean hold him felt safe and comfortable but also new and exciting.
As the day started to get later, they were all reminiscing and catching up when Bobby joked, “At least you didn’t break this intern, you just fell in love with him.”
Cas had worked at the Auto shop for two days after their phone call when Bobby’s suspicions started to grow. The bruises that covered Cas weren’t even healed when Bobby followed him back to Perry.
As they were leaving the restaurant, Dean pulled Charlie aside as Cas and Dorothy chatted about wedding decorations. “Charlie, I need your help with something…”
Thankfully the next sound Dean heard was Sam’s voice, “Dean, thank god you called! I’m losing it out here! These kids are driving me absolutely insane! I mean they don’t listen and they think they know everything! Oh my god are they cocky! Seriously, I’d rather be around 6-year-olds all day.”
Cas’s panic rose in his chest as he desperately looked at Dean who tried to give Cas a supportive smile. Cas sheepishly answered, “Yes.”
Dean didn’t even hesitate, “I’m not going anywhere.”
Knowing how delicious the local diner’s food was, Dean eagerly agreed, “Heck yeah. I love it there.”
“Oh, fuck that! No way am I going to babysit some kid!” Dean searched for his coffee mug in the mess of papers and scraps of info that was his office.
Dean’s rare blush was a strange sight, “Yeah… that’s actually why I wanted you guys to meet him.”
Cas didn’t make eye contact with Dean, he stared at his bare feet and sounded almost ashamed of himself, “Are you just with me because you feel bad for me?”
Cas held onto Dean’s hips hard enough to leave bruises; throwing his head back, Cas loudly moaned at the white-hot, tight heat of Dean’s hole. The string of absolute filth coming from Cas was enough to make a sailor blush so of course, Dean’s beet red blush flushed over his chest and up his neck, not stopping at his cheeks but continuing to the tips of his ears. With every rotation and seductive slide of Dean’s hips drove Cas crazier, “Fuck, baby. Oh god, you feel so good. Just look at you. So perfect, taking my cock like the perfect boy you are.”
Cas released Eric’s arm and hold him to lean his back against the wall. He complied until the sirens approached; that’s when another member of the gang snuck up on Cas and punched him hard.
Dean pulled away a few centimeters and whispered against Cas’s lips, “I missed you so much.”
Cas agreed with him, “Best and worst day of my life.”
He said no and like little kids do, Anna asked again.
“Thanks… Sam, you know where to find me if you need me.” Dean awkwardly walked back to his table, trying not to worry about his younger brother... or think about the rude boy's beautiful features and how plain unfair it was that the universe would make somebody look so perfect and be such an asshole.
The next couple chapters are going to be longer but for right now, have some short fluff.
Dean softly caressed Cas’s hair and face, “You’re such a good boy.” When Cas moaned at the praise, he sent vibrations through Dean that only made the tightness in his stomach harder to push way, “Cas… I’m close. Please, don’t stop.”
Happy with Dean’s equal and reactive pupils, Cas started to clean his cuts and the small amount of blood off his cheeks from the cut given to him by the airbag, “What happened, baby?”
“You are an amazing person and the stuff you’ve been through… it won’t make you like dad, if anything it will help you make sure you are nothing like him. I know I really don’t tell you enough but I love you, big brother.”
Cas strolled up to the bar, “Hey, Dean. Hi, Jo.” He had on a grey t-shirt and low hanging light blue jeans. He looked completely stunning.
Dean jumped at the contact. Nobody had done this for him before but he never imagined that it could have ever felt this good. His cock was heavy and leaking against the mattress, “Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Cas, please… oh my god.”
It wasn’t long after that when Dean felt the nausea hit him again. Soon, they were both throwing up and crying.
Dean didn’t want to say anymore. The things he wanted to say to Cas weren’t for anyone else to hear.
Luckily, they didn’t have time to talk before Charlie was wrapping her arms around Cas and Anna, “I am so sorry about your mom. My mom died when I was five. If you guys need anything, I’m here.”
After letting Dean get his emotions out, Cas lovingly kissed him, “Come on, you. Let’s go get some dinner.”
The sounds of the gusting breeze and Dean’s cries was interrupted by a noise; as clear as day, the call of a mourning dove. Dean jerked his head up as his eye caught the small bird sitting on the top of Cas’s grave.
As they pulled themselves out of bed and started to get dressed; Cas in his clothes from the night before and Dean in a Henley, jeans, and boots. Cas tried to sound casual when he asked, “You know, Annie and I usually get breakfast every Saturday… if you wanted to join us?” Cas was praying that Dean would say yes.
“Dean? Sweetheart, it’s time.” Nurse Mosely spoke calmly and sympathetically. Over the past month, all the nurses on rotation had grown close with Cas’s family. Through stories they would all tell, the nurses had even grown to love Cas.
Feigning shock, Cas gasped, “No! He just… seems nice.”
“No. I can’t do this.” Cas’s white-knuckle grip stayed firmly planted on the wall.
“Dean, don’t speed. You know I hate it.” Mary suddenly groaned and dropped Cas’s phone, clutching at her chest as the pain continued to flare up again.
C: ‘Sure. Ride after?’
In her room, which was painted a sky blue color with white clouds on them. Her bed had a fluffy white comforter on it and one of Cas’s pillows that she had stolen. Cas tucked her into bed and kissed her head, “It’s bedtime for little girls.” He pulled up her blanket and sat on her bed, stroking her hair as Annie snuggled with her stuffed bunny and drifted off to sleep.
And smile Cas did, “Thank you, Dean. Have a nice day.” After saying goodbye to Dean, Cas went back to the car and double checked Annie’s car seat before driving off.
“I think Anna is a great girl. Whatever you’re doing, you’re doing a good job. I didn’t mean to invade your privacy.” Dean spoke gently, not wanting to make the situation any worse. Cas and he had just gotten back to being friendly, the last thing he wanted was to go messing something up.
Not before long, they both fell asleep. Enjoying the relaxation the other’s presence brought them. After one ‘date’ and only talking a few times, it was surprising how comfortable they were with each other but just something about them being together felt right.
Not giving a single fuck at the moment, Cas cut Dean’s sweatpants off of him and tried to ignore his whines of, “Cas! My comfy pants!”
“Can you describe your knowledge heading into the night of June seventeenth?”
“I don’t know, I just don’t feel great but I still want to go out.” Cas kissed Dean’s hand back before Sam walked over and put their food on the table.
Dean offered him a weak smile, “Yeah, just needed to get out for a little bit. Thanks for getting me.”
Eventually, they pulled away from each other but only enough to rest their foreheads together, Dean brought his hand up to card through Cas’s hair, “You’re so gorgeous.”
Before he left, Dean gently shook Cas’s shoulder, “Morning, Cas. I’m going to the station for a little bit. Get some more sleep, there’s coffee in the kitchen and feel free to eat anything. The TV remote is next to you. Shower if you want, make yourself at home. I’ll be back in a little bit.”
Needless to say, they got a little distracted kissing each other through their whispers of, “You love me?” “Of course, I do.” “I love you too, Dean.”
Cas replied in a pained voice, “I’m fine, just, please… give me a second.”
Mary refilled everyone’s glass, “You really love him, don’t you? Do you think he’s it for you?”
As kind as the older man’s eyes were, he still looked at Dean like he was a snack, “Hey. How have you been?”
Cas growled back, “Guess so.” With that, he wobbly walked around Bobby and out into the blistering cold.
When Dean spoke surprisingly, he started laughing, “Cas thought that these things were weird but he thought that a lot of things were weird. He was so funny about somethings… he was perfect and I—I love him so much.”
After taking a deep breath to try and gain some courage, Cas whispered, “Could you do it again?”
He brightly smiled up at her, “Sure, Charlie.”
Not understanding why Cas would apologize, Dean just reassured him instead of asking why, “Hey, it’s no problem. You guys enjoying the last of the weather?”
Benny, who wasn’t at all angry but sad for Dean sympathetically said, “You said his name again.”
“See you then.”
Once they were out of the car, they both took turns ruffling Dean’s short blonde hair. Jo poked fun at his quick change of heart, quoting him from yesterday, “What? I thought he was a douche bag?”
Dean finally answered after a drink of beer, “Oh yeah? What’s he like?”
After about two hours, it was eight o’clock and they were walking back to their cars. Dean started to awkwardly say goodbye, not really wanting to leave when Cas wrapped a strong arm around Dean’s waist and pulled him in for a quick kiss, just testing the waters.
The doctor’s office was one of Cas’s least favorite places. Everything about it was negative; the smell, the bland colors walls, the horrible memories, and more than anything… the fear. One little word could ruin everything. Tumor.
Charlie took Dean’s had to try and calm him down while Bobby walked into the interrogation room.
He took Dean’s freckled covered cheeks into his hands and gently brushed away Dean’s tears with his thumb, “Come on, baby. Where’s that perfect smile?”
Dean stood still, a chuckle bubbling out of his chest, “You a little ticklish, Novak?”
Cas carefully laid down on the bed and even though he and Dean didn’t touch, the comfort of having Dean close was still enough to let Cas drift off to sleep.
“Okay, Dean.” With Cas’s verbal consent, Dean started to slowly kiss him; both of them relaxing into the feeling.
Cas wiped the blood off his nose with his sleeve, “I had to go home.”
Cas tilted his head and squinted at Dean, trying to read his expression, “I’m okay, sir. How are you?”
“It’s okay.” Dean couldn’t stop himself anymore from softly pressing his lips to Cas’s. Dean remembered why he liked Cas so much as a small smile started to form on his lips.
She shrugged and handed Dean his coffee back so they could finish their walk, “Who said going on a few dates is making things worse?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Slowly, Dean started to press his hands onto Cas’s tense shoulders. He ran his palms and knuckles up and down the knots plaguing Cas’s back, earning him satisfying groans from Cas, “Fuck, Dean.”
Cas couldn’t help but roll his eyes before grabbing his jacket, inhaler, and sunglasses, “Why do I even bother? Let’s go, Abby.” With his faithful dog and annoying older brother by his side, Cas stepped outside into the unfamiliar town.
Dean quickly excused himself to go find the mess of a mystery wrapped in leather while his friends occupied Sam and Anna, asking questions about their date.
With full stomachs, they sat on the outdoor swing to watch the fireworks. Much to both Dean and Cas’s happiness, Annie decided to sit on Dean’s lap. Cas took a blanket and wrapped it around the three of them.
The guilt quickly set in about how he just masturbated to his intern that is eleven years younger than Dean, only being twenty-one. But more than that, Dean felt guilty about how he has treated Cas so far. Things needed to change.
Dean’s eyes filled with sympathy, “Oh… Cas. Come on, hop up.” Offering his boyfriend his hands, Dean heaved Cas to his feet and supported him as they walked to the shower. After helping Cas strip off his clothes, Dean left him in the shower to try and wash away the stressful day he had.
The next morning, Gabe, Alfie, Luke, and Mike came home early so they decided on making breakfast. Trying to be considerate, Alfie softly knocked on Cas’s door and opened it a crack before whispering, “Hey, Cas. Do you want some waffle—oh my god!” Dean and Cas were still spooning each other, facing the door. They were shirtless with the comforter draped over them, making them look naked.
Dean woke up later than usual the next day, needing a few extra hours of sleep after the events of last night. Thankfully, he didn’t have work the next day. He did, however, have to meet up with Sam. Dean didn’t mind having to get up to see Sammy; between their two very hectic schedules, the two brothers barely had time to see each other.
Dean stood in complete shock at how quickly their conversation turned; how Cas’s beautiful blue eyes turned from clear to murderous in seconds. Standing in the same spot watching Cas drive away, the same sting in his chest came back from yesterday. Why did he care? After all, it’s not like he and Cas were dating or even friends for that matter… he had made that painfully obvious.
C: ‘Anna needs me, talk to you later.’
“No.”
It was all fun and games until some idiot in a Jeep, who was texting on his cellphone, tried to merge into their lane, narrowly missing the bike. Dean felt his heart stop but he should have known that even though they were having a good time, Cas was experienced enough to avoid the car. The only reason they didn’t get into an accident was because Cas was paying attention. He carefully slowed down and moved out of the way.
Even if Dean wanted to make this last longer, his body wasn’t about to let that happen as the waves of pleasure ripped through him. Cas fucked him through his orgasm, closely following him and trying not to collapse on top of Dean.
Dean didn’t want to push it any further because clearly losing something Cas used to love hurt him and they weren’t close enough to talk about personal things like that yet. Instead, Dean offered, “Want another beer?”
Dean chuckled and let his eyes close as he leaned against his hand that was propped up on the armrest, “Okay, you big baby. Go back to sleep.”
Before he left to pick up Dean, Cas dropped Anna off at Ellen’s. Since Bobby was stuck in New Hampshire while visiting an old friend, Ellen had offered to hang out with Anna so Cas and Dean could spend the night together.
But really, nothing changed…the truth only became known.
Castiel jumped out of bed and ran to her room down the hall, ready to protect Anna from anything. When he got to her room, she was still asleep. Her sweat and tears mixed on her face. He brushed her hair back and held her until she stopped sobbing. Castiel internally cursed his father for breaking his sister, for hurting and scaring her and for doing the same to him.
Dean seemed completely taken back by that as he stuttered out, “What like fight club?”
Cas looked absolutely shell-shocked, “Sir, all due respect but this seems inappropriately personal.”
Dean tried to shrug it off, “We don’t talk about it.”
The drive home was one of the rougher ones Dean has had but he just focused on getting home and not breaking down on the highway.
Gabe led Cas over to his usual seat near the window. With Abby faithfully sitting right next to Cas and the brothers continuing to talk about the town, they only had to wait a few minutes before a bubbly redhead bounced over to them with their drinks in hand, “Hey, Gabe!”
After putting their stuff in room 5b, Dean and Cas walked to the bar across the street for a quick meal and a beer or two. They sat at a table tucked into the corner of the bar and ate a semi-decent burger. After they ate, Dean went to the bathroom while Cas went to the bar to buy another round with the couple bucks Dean gave him. While he was waiting, an older guy approached him and leaned against the bar, his words slightly slurring as he leaned in close to Cas’s face, “Hey, can I buy you a drink?”
Moving down between Dean’s legs, Cas licked a long, slow stripe up his cock. Dean let out a long and desperate whimper.
After Cas assured Dean that no, he wouldn’t be intruding, Dean drove them to get Cas’s car then followed Cas to his house.
Cas sleepily stroked his fingers through Dean’s hair, “I’ll always come when you call. I’ll stay if you want.”
He moved his other hand onto the top of “Great Expectations” and whispered one of the quotes he could remember, “You have been in every line I have ever read.”
Bobby nodded in agreement before finding a seat in the hallway while Dean slowly cracked the door to Cas’s room, “Hey, Cas… it’s me.”
The doctor lead both Dean and Bobby down the hall but stopped when he got to Cas’s room, “Perhaps just Dean should go in? He’s been asking for you since he woke up.”
Gabe heavily sighed and ran a hand through his hair, “Well, sorry if I get worried about my little brother who had fucking brain cancer!”
When he got there, he didn’t stop until he got to Charlie’s office. Stepping into her office, he shut the door behind him and gave her a side hug from her chair, “Hey, Charlie. Where’s Novak?”
Cas frowned, “Car accident.”
With Dean enthusiastically riding and bouncing on Cas’s cock with his head thrown back and his unabashed desperate moans filling the silence of the house, Cas knew he wasn’t going to last very long. He tried to warn Dean but it didn’t seem to make a difference as Dean didn’t let up at all, he just rode Cas’s cock harder.
Dean turned Cas back around to face him before running his hands down Cas’s chest and stomach, “Why not? I want this, please.”
D: ‘Is Gabe watching Annie tonight?’
Back where Dean is standing, completely shell-shocked, Annie’s small voice piped up, “Daddy said a bad word.”
“Sure, baby. I’ll get you some toast too.” Dean turned more towards Sam, “Coffee and pie for me."
Cas wished he could see his and Dean’s beautiful home. He also wished he could see the faces of the kids he helped every day.
Dean was all bright eyes and smiles, “Mad?! Fuck, no. I love you!”
The older brother hummed in response and waited for his brother to continue, “I was wondering if I could ask Cas and Anna to come to the Roadhouse with us?”
Cas chuckled low in his chest and brought his hands up to rub the smooth skin on Dean’s back, “Tell me about it, that was awesome.”
A bit later in the day, Dean cooked him and Annie some pasta. After making sure to keep some leftovers in the fridge for Cas, Dean decided to try and be a responsible adult, turning to Annie and suggesting, “Why don’t you take a bath and I’ll sit right outside the door in case you need anything, okay?”
But was ignored by Dean who kept talking about the book, “I could have sworn I left it in my bag.”
Unfortunately, as soon as the fireworks started Annie covered her ear and started to tear up at the loud booms.
First, was the day Dean and Cas bought their first, and only, home together. It was a small one-floor ranch-style house in Lawrence that was painted white with dark red shutters. Their house was still close to Gabe, Mike, Luke, and Alfie who helped them move in. It was also close to Sam, who ended up staying in his and Dean’s old house with Jess.
Pushing back his angry thoughts, Dean tried to comfort Cas instead. Speaking softly into Cas’s ear, Dean whispered, “Listen to what I’m saying, I’m right here, I will never let him near you. Take a deep breath for me.” Feeling Cas’s shaky inhale and exhale, Dean squeezed his hand, “Good boy. Can you take another one for me?”
Cas laughed and lovingly stroked Dean’s hair back, “You’re such a grump.”
Dean laughed again and gently pulled away from Cas, “Alright, cuddly. Let’s get back to bed.” They crawled back into bed together with Cas laying on his stomach and Dean on his side. Only this time, instead of not touching, Dean kept his hand on Cas’s back.
Staying in the kitchen but cautiously eyeing her dad, her blue eyes started to fill with tears, “Something’s wrong with daddy. He won’t get up. He got home from work and won’t get up.”
Cas had Dean’s face against his bare chest, his arms holding his boyfriend close against him. As Cas absent-mindedly trace soothing patterns onto Dean’s soft, warm skin. Before either of them could drift into sleep, Cas quietly said, “Me, you, and Annie should take a trip somewhere.”
Gabe rolled his eyes and whispered, “Yeah… sure, let’s have the blind guy carry the box of breakable stuff.”
Cas stayed in the back of the ambulance long enough to get the LUCAS machine hooked up to the patient and insert I.Vs to administer medication. After telling the wife and their child to meet the ambulance at the hospital, Cas jumped out of the ambulance, leaving Hannah in the back and Miriam driving away.
Following Cas out to the living room, they decided to order pizza after discussing their options with their younger siblings. While they waited in the kitchen for the pizza to arrive, Dean’s eyes were fixed on the older boy’s beautiful, muscular body. Little did he know, Cas saw every glance Dean sent his way.
Still in a blind rage, Cas tackled Alastair onto the ground before sitting up so he was straddling him. He landed blow after blow onto Alastair’s thin face.
Shushing Cas, Dean sat on the bed and wrapped an arm around Cas’s shoulder, “Anything for you, baby.”
It seemed like the day flew by before the last bell dismissed the school. Dean walked outside with his kids, leading those who took the bus over to the bus line and waiting with those who got picked up.
Once Gabe was out the door, Cas rolled his eyes and explained to Dean, “Older brother.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The two brothers tightly hugged each other, their happiness evident after not seeing each other in years. Cas stood up, admittedly anxious to meet the love of his life’s younger brother. He could hear Dean’s emotional voice, “I missed you, man.”
Cas ran his strong hands over Dean’s round ass, “Now, baby… do you know why I brought you all the way out here?” Dean only whimpered in response so Cas continued, “No? Well, here I can fuck the hell out of you and you can make all those beautiful noises as loud as you want.” He ended his sentence with a harsh slap on Dean’s ass.
Cas snapped his head up, his blue eyes looked worried and almost scared as he stumbled over his words, “Y—you’re right, sir. That’s stupid, you probably noticed that already.”
In the midst of their fight, Gabe stuck his head out of his bedroom where he had a clear view of the living room, “Dude, what is going on?”
Surprisingly, Dean yanked his hands out of Cas’s; his eyes turning violent instead of sad, “No. No, you don’t.”
Dean finally managed to walk into the room. Bobby waited outside to call their family members. Cas’s usually spiky black hair was held down by clean, white bandages. His fractured arm was by his side in a cast. His three-day stubble covered chin had a stitched cut on it. He had road rash on his cheek and arms.
It didn’t take either of them very long to be fed up with waiting. Turning back around to face Cas, Dean applied a fair amount of lube onto Cas’s painfully hard cock. Dean lined himself up and slowly sunk onto Cas until he was fully buried in Dean.
Dean’s tone changed real fast, “Oh my god, yes please.”
“Comfy… my head hurts though.” Cas snuggled further into Dean’s arms and yawned.
The four of them walked up to the make-shift shed and purchased four sets of skates. After helping each other tightly lace up their skates, they shakily walked towards the ice.
Cas tightly wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders and pulled him in close, “You did everything you could. What happened wasn’t your fault.”
He would tell himself but the truth is, Cas was terrified. As much as he tried to hide it, he really was just a scared little boy. By the time Cas was back in his room, Dean was warmly tucked under the covers. Crawling under the blankets, Cas wrapped an arm securely around Dean’s waist, “Are you alright?”
They all got resettled in the room and Cas pulled the book Dean had been reading out of his bag along with his reading glasses. Dean smiled and took then, “Thanks, sweetheart.”
Dean looked like he was considering pushing further but he dropped it with a heavy sigh, “Alright, fine. Then help me with these files. Alphabetical order, please.” He sat back down at his desk and held out a stack of files and handed them to Cas.
Finally taking a breath, Cas held Dean’s hand, “Of course it’s not her fault. It’s called an accident for a reason. We’ll get you both fixed up.”
Dean threw his head back as Cas brushed against his prostate. Desperate for more, Dean quickened his pace, chasing the glorious, hot feeling in his gut.
Just a couple things about consent: As somebody who has survived sexual assault I feel the need to say a few things. First, verbal consent is key, just because somebody didn't say no doesn't mean they are saying yes! Two, even if you are in a relationship consent is important. Three, anybody can say stop at any point! Lastly, if you're uncomfortable, speak up. It's okay to have boundaries and limits. Never let any anybody force you into anything that makes you feel uncomfortable. Stay safe and happy... you deserve it.
It was obvious Dean tried to brush off the sadness, “It’s alright, been a while. It’s getting easier.” He knew it didn't sound convincing but he hoped Cas wouldn't push it any further.
Cas closed the door behind him, “Alright… any particular reason you’re so cranky?”
Pouting but accepting their fate, Cas kissed him again, “Okay, I’ll walk you out.”
“I’d like to meet him tonight. It’s still early and I’ve missed so much in just two months, I would love to meet your boyfriend.” Mary seemed genuinely upset about not having any idea that Dean was dating Cas.
Well... that's it. Let me know what you thought? xxx
Dean stepped through the front door of his childhood home in Lawrence dragging his large duffle bag of dirty laundry over the threshold. He had just finished moving out of his dorm at Kansas State University; most of his belongings were already home, including his diploma for engineering that was framed in the living room. With his degree, Bobby gladly gave him a job at the garage until he could get his own setup and now, at twenty-three it was time to start his own business.
Dean’s heart ached for Cas, “Wow… I mean… wow. He never said anything.”
At the hospital, they were greeted by a familiar face, Jess, Sam’s girlfriend who was working a night shift as an ER nurse, “Dean?!... Okay, hop out. I got him, okay?”
Alastair chuckled and shoved Dean again before tapping Crowley and Zach on their shoulders and walking away.
Cas sleepily mumbled into his pillow, “G’mornin’.” His head thumped in time with his heartbeat; whether that was from the injuries or his hangover, he didn't know and certainly didn't want to.
The woman pushed her blonde but growing-grey hair out of her face and tried to answer in a shaky voice, “Yes, honey.”
Hearing Dean’s now familiar voice instantly relaxed Cas, “No, it’s okay. I just forgot for a minute.”
Dean had one arm tight around Cas’s shoulder and one hand gripped in Cas’s shaggy hair, “Cas! Fuck… yes. Please, don’t stop!”
Dean’s guilty face came back for the second time that day even as he tried to brush off her question, “Don’t worry about it. So, what did you find?”
Cas opened it a minute later in sweatpants and a t-shirt; he smelt like whiskey and looked like he had been through hell. “Hey, Dean! My mom is fucking dead!”
His wandering eyes found Cas’s laundry basket. Next to one basket was a separate one. Dean could see Cas’s blood-splattered uniform shirt inside of it. His thoughts drifted to the things Cas must see and how he manages to push all of that aside and still be the wonderful person and father he is.
Cas walking into the room and closing the door behind him snapped Dean out of his thoughts, “Hey, sorry. Just had to put her to bed.” He wasted no time sitting down on the edge of the bed with Dean and starting the hard conversation, “So… I’m really sorry about the other night.”
Once the doctor was gone, Cas groaned and reached for Dean’s hand again, which Dean quickly took and kissed the back of. He whined, mostly in pain, “Gabe? Where’s Abby?”
C: ‘Stressful. These summer nights bring out all the crazies.’
“Well, that was the last of my whiskey so yeah, I’m going out.” His father’s gruff voice tore through the kitchen.
Cas showered Dean with sweet kisses and Dean couldn’t help but chuckle, “So… that was okay?”
Cas refused to let go of Dean but he wanted to sit with him so Cas heaved Dean up, allowing him to wrap his legs around Cas’s waist as Cas carried Dean back to his room.
Once they were both seated, Cas sweetly smiled, “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean wiped his hand on his jeans and tried to suppress a grimace at the slobber, “Not an animal person.”
Just when Dean thought his whole heart belonged to the dark haired boy, Cas goes and proves him wrong, “I love you too, Cas.”
Cas shoved Dean hard and grabbed the front of his shirt. Dean braced himself for the punch that he thought was going to follow. But it never came.
Gabe’s voice came through the phone, “Hey, I hope I’m not interrupting anything but Mike needs me to come in to talk in an hour.”
The teachers on lunch duty were on Cas in two seconds, leading him out of the cafeteria and up to the principal’s office while checking on a still unconscious Alastair. The friends stared at each other in complete shock, until Dean finally spoke up in a low, cautious voice, “Anna… why did your brother just knock out Alastair?”
She ignored his outstretched hand, instead opting to throw her arms around Sam’s neck and hug him, “It’s nice to meet you too, Uncle Sammy.”
All Dean could think about was figuring out if Cas and Anna were okay. He was at her side in a second, “Anna, what happened?”
Cas seemed taken back by the simple, friendly question as he faltered for a minute before answering, “It was fine, sir.”
“Well… I’m pretty horny.”
D: ‘Stay over?’
Dean felt so guilty for getting Cas sick, he quickly jumped up and took care of Cas the same way he had a few days ago.
Dean shook his head disapprovingly, “Cas, you giant goof. I love you but sometimes you can be thick.”
It seemed like forever until Dean’s shy reply filled the silence, “I was scared…fuck… I’m just so damn scared of losing you. Cas… I’ve never loved anyone before and you came storming into my life and you made me love you. I was scared that if I told them then it would change things.”
Cas’s face fell as he bowed his head, “But…?”
Annie giggled and started to scrub her arms, “No you won’t, daddy! You’re silly!” She washed the rest of her body until Cas got up to grab a fluffy towel.
The betters would wage money on any two fighters that were brave enough to step into the ring. Cas had won many fights here and only lost a few. Tonight, however, he was here to make money.
Dean slammed on the breaks and growled at Cas; the worry in his chest quickly turning to anger, “Then take a taxi!”
Cas shot him back a grumpy look that was quickly taken over by a goofy smile, “You’re such a dork.”
The African American woman gave him a sympathetic smile, “Of course, sweetheart. The police are speaking with Anna right now but since you were her emergency contact, you can go in.”
Cas mustered up all the courage he had and spat back at the monster standing over him, “Go fuck yourself.”
Cas whispered back, “It’s okay, Dean. I’m a mess too.” After that, they easily drifted off to sleep. It wasn’t until Cas started screaming in his sleep that Dean woke up.
Surprisingly, it was Jess who spoke up with a knowing tone, “Dean… you know scary isn’t the right word. “
“Nothing.”
Dean scratched the back of his neck, trying to shrug her off, “I guess he’s not so bad.”
For the second time that day, Mary hugged Cas only this time, Cas happily hugged her back. Then, John firmly shook his hand, “We’re glad you’re both happy.”
Dean instantly brightened up, seeing Cas instead of somebody else, “Hey, come on in!”
The next morning, Cas woke Dean up with a kiss, “Dean? I need to take Abby out but I have no idea where I am. Please come with me?”
The next picture was Cas trying to stay awake and Annie screaming her head off. Another one was Annie’s first birthday, her on a pony, and one of Cas sitting in the driver’s seat of an ambulance in his uniform with Annie on his lap as she played with the lights and sirens.
When he was done, Cas dragged his thumb through his cum that was streaked across Dean’s cheek and stuck it back in Dean’s mouth, “You’re so perfect. Stand up, baby.” Cas pulled his pajamas back on as Dean shakily got to his feet. As Cas walked over to his bed and sat on the edge, he ran his eyes over Dean’s slender body, “Strip.”
Dean’s running footsteps were the first thing Cas heard. He was woozy and everything spun around him but Dean’s hand on his shoulder was firm and real, Dean’s voice was clear through the pain, “Cas? Okay, stay with me. You’re okay, you’re going to be fine. I’m here… BOBBY! HURRY!”
Much to Dean’s dismay; Cas opted not to put a shirt back on. This was the first time Dean could see all of Cas’s tattoos at once. The patterns on his arms traced down his chest and stopped at the wings that spread across his back; he was the most gorgeous person Dean had ever laid his eyes on.
“This. I got paired up with fuckin’ Rick. He was such an idiot! Literally, couldn’t put a CPAP machine on a guy and get this, he yelled at a crying child.” Alfie rolled his eyes in exasperation, remembering how difficult it was to have an inept partner. Shaking his head, Alfie changed the subject, “What have you been doing for five years?”
This case was driving the experienced detective mad. From the first victim, Dean and his team had searched for everything; security cam footage, DNA, fingerprints, anything and everything to catch who would do something like this. Everyone was at a loss; there was no indication of any possible suspect.
Dean re-watched the footage, paying special attention to the victim's feet, “Shit… you’re right. Try to find a camera that looks over there, let's try and see what she was looking at.”
Protectively patting Abby’s head, Cas pouted, stopping only when Dean tried to cover up his mistake and make Cas smiled again, “Oh but Abby? She’s beautiful!”
“Can you tell me what you were doing this summer?”
Gabe took a drink of his own beverage, “Mike is up my ass to get the ledgers in.” Gabe worked for a car salesman as their accountant, which thankfully means, he can work from home.
“Don’t scratch at that.” Dean tried to speak softly, not to upset Cas.
Cas turned around, looking absolutely livid, “How do you know that?”
The drive to the Topeka EMS dispatch center was thirty minutes but not a hard drive. At the center, Cas walked up to his assigned ambulance, 3220, where his old partner, Alfie, was sitting in the passenger seat, “Alfie! Hey, man.”
They spent the day hanging out, talking, watching movies, and after eating a dinner of homemade pizzas, Annie went off to bed leaving Dean and Cas alone. Now that he could, Cas had Dean under him, kissing him senseless. Breaking away from Dean’s needy mouth, Cas groaned, “Bedroom? Or do you need to go?”
A few minutes later, Anna came bounding up the steps, “I had an awesome time, thank you guys!”
Cas couldn’t help but press a kiss onto Dean’s shoulder, “Mhmm, go back to sleep.”
“No, is it any good?”
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, holding him on the ice. Dean groaned at the chill that spread through him, “Let me up, you jerk!”
Dean was about to apologize when Cas grabbed the front of Dean’s shirt and pulled them together again. This time, their kiss was heated and desperate, saying things that had been left unspoken for weeks.
Three days later, it was Friday and the last day of Cas’s suspension. Anna and Sam were sitting alone at lunch and that’s when Sam finally summoned up the courage and carefully took Anna’s hand and stuttered out his question, “Anna, would you like to go to the movies with me today?”
Dean took about two steps before tackling Cas to the ground with a huge hug and endless kisses. Through his tears, he answered, “Yes, yes! I love you so much.”
Cas waited with Dean as he finished cleaning up his classroom. After the room was locked up, Cas followed Dean's Impala to a close-by bar, the Roadhouse. It was a small joint with no real fancy flare but it was familiar and comfortable.
Sam’s face is bright red with rage, “Are you fucking kidding me?! You didn’t bother to tell mom and dad about Cas?!”
“Good, I’m going to stay in his room tonight. Goodnight Dean, night Gabe!”
And now for the confusing part, “Yeah, that’s the thing… he has a daughter and I’m her teacher.”
Cas smirked and sneakily grabbed a handful of Dean’s perfect ass, “Feeling like going fast tonight?” Even under the helmet, Dean’s blush was obvious.
After only reading a few pages, Cas put the book down noticing that Dean wasn’t paying attention, “Okay, what’s up with you today?”
“Yes, sir.” Cas clenched his shaking fists.
Dean quickly stood up and met the doctor with a handshake, “I work with him. Is he okay?”
Gabe went back to Lawrence for a week with Anna and Cas, he insisted that he came home to help make sure everything was taken care of regarding the arrangements for their mother. What he really meant was, he wanted to stay to make sure Cas wasn’t going to lose it when Gabe went back to Germany.
Mary was discharged from the hospital two hours later once the doctors were sure that it truly was just angina. After she was discharged, Dean brought her home, clearly fussing over his mother; placing a pillow behind her on the couch, wrapping her in a blanket, getting her something light to eat, a bottle of water, and the T.V remotes.
“WHAT?! IS IT NONE OF MY BUSINESS?! HOW ABOUT FOR ONCE YOU’RE ACTUALLY HONEST ABOUT THINGS WITH ME?!”
Cas desperately clung to Dean’s back with one hand in his short sandy-blonde hair. When he spoke, his voice sounded absolutely wrecked in the best way, “D—Dean, I’m close…”
Sam bought him and Anna tickets while Cas bought them for him and Dean. Meanwhile, Dean and Anna got snacks. Anna looked at the wall of snacks for a while before glancing up at Dean, “What snacks does Sam like?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Come on, stop teasing me. Just fuck me. As hard as you want, I don’t care. I need to feel you.” Dean could feel hot tears start to prick at his eyes from desperation. When Cas pressed into him in one smooth movement, it felt like complete ecstasy. He arched his freckled covered back and practically screamed in pleasure.
Holding the helmet under his muscular arm, Cas walked towards the school's front entrance, calling back to the freckled-boy over his shoulder, his deep blue eyes shining in humor, “I’ll see you later, Dean.”
Cas jumped out of the car and quickly walked up to his father, “What are you doing? Come inside.”
That perches in the soul,
Bobby turned to Cas and patted his shoulder, “Why don’t you take a break and have some dinner with us?” He always was an open person; inviting strangers in need or his employees over for a drink or a meal.
“Fuck!” Bobby got onto the radio and sent out the command to the other awaiting officers, “Go now!”
Cas could hear the laughter in Dean’s voice; it was rich and lovely like a well-aged glass of brandy. Cas wouldn’t mind drowning his sorrows in it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean rolled his eyes because his mother is absolutely ridiculous, “I love you, mom.”
This chapter has graphic descriptions of rape, torture, and violence. If that is triggering to you please do not read! I will put a less graphic summary of the events in the notes at the end of the chapter.
Cas beamed at Dean, holding onto his muscular arm and resting his head on Dean’s shoulder, “Yeah, I am. Thank you, Dean… for everything.”
“Um… guys?” Charlie and Kevin desperately flipped through the cameras. Charlie’s heart felt like it was beating in her throat, “I can’t see him!”
No. Not a whoops; best slip of the tongue ever.
D: ‘How’s work?’
Dean felt his whole world stop. The waves of nausea became a tsunami as he walked over to the trash can in the corner of the room and threw up. Hitting his knees, Dean sobbed.
On the night in question, Cas grumpily pulled on his suit before walking downstairs to ask Anna what she thought.
Cas stroked her hair back and gently kissed her forehead, “Good girl, let’s go.”
His little brother’s bright, laughing eyes found his, “Hi, Dean. This is Castiel and Anna. Anna asked me if I could sit with her today.”
Neither Dean or Anna left Cas’s side during the three days until Gabe got there. Mary, Bobby, Ellen, even Jo, and Charlie tried desperately to get them to sleep and eat but to no avail. Dean slept every night with his head on Cas’s shoulder. He dreamt of their days spent together and the peaceful nights. He dreamt of laughing eyes and sweet smiles, soft touches, and loving words but when he woke up all he felt was the artificial beat of Cas’s heart.
Cas wish that night when they tucked her into her crib, he could look at his daughters peaceful, sleeping face.
“Yeah… I’ll text him.” Dean pulled out his phone and sent a text to Cas.
Trying to hide his blush Dean fussed with his brown, leather bracelet, “You’re confusing, you know that, right?”
Dean lightly ran a hand over down Cas’s bare side, trying to gently wake Cas up. A barely- coherent mumble of, “Five more minutes.” Came from Cas’s pillow-squished face.
Dean looked up at him then back down to the video to find the moment Cas was talking about, “It’s the victim… so?”
Dean knew Gabe was right. This whole thing was just a misunderstanding that was blown out of proportion. They said their goodbyes and Dean walked into Cas’s room, carefully sitting on the bed.
Much to Cas’s dismay, the balding guy took another step closer, “Oh, come on… just one?”
Serving warrants were one of Dean’s least favorite parts of his job. He was reminded why as the door creaked open. What happened next was too quick for either of the officers to stop it.
Cas frowned and cocked his head in confusion, “Abby, sit. Not a dog person?”
Eventually, with much fighting and griping from Mary, Dean managed to drag her back to the Harvelle-Singer’s house. During dinner of country fried steak and mashed potatoes, Sam went on and on about Anna but he left out a detail that Dean gladly supplied, “Anna is Cas’s sister.”
Mary, Sam, Dean, Anna, Gabe, Jo, Charlie, Bobby, and Ellen sat with Cas as the nurse pulled out his ventilation tube.
“Yes.” Cas pulls out his flask and drank from it. Dean tried to ignore it.
Cas thought for a minute, carefully considering Dean’s offer, “Well… I guess that’s okay. Just be safe, okay?”
At this point, Dean finally dropped Cas’s jacket and harshly shoved him away, “I’m sorry you’re so goddamn ashamed of me!”
Dean didn’t mind and even smiled at Cas trying to sneak close to rabbits, bighorn sheep, elk, and lizards. It stopped being funny when Dean turned around from taking a picture of the view to see Cas walking up to a good sized coyote. Scrambling towards Cas, who he’s convinced is crazy at this point, Dean grabbed him by the waist and picked him up, “Cas, Jesus Christ! Don’t touch the coyote!”
Cas hated how happy his dad sounded, “Oh yeah, why?”
Dean barely lifted his head up when he answered, “Yeah?”
“Just give him time. And just so you know, whatever is going on between you two, I totally support you.”
Dean covered his bright red face with his hands and cringed, “Oh my god, mom… please.”
Cas elbowed him in the side and glared at him but he ended up just giggling and giving up on the grumpy face.
Pulling out the plug completely, Dean pressed a kiss onto Cas’s hole, sucking and lightly running his teeth over him. Cas was already rock hard and leaking by the time Dean had his tongue inside Cas, his stubble deliciously scratching Cas’s soft thighs. Cas couldn’t help but start to move his hips, stroking himself onto Dean’s outstretched tongue.
Dean was the next one to wake up a few hours later. He instantly noticed a second body lying next to him. Slowly opening his green eyes, Dean saw that Cas was already awake with a small smile on his face. When Cas saw Dean looking at him, his smile grew, “Morning, Dean. Thank you so much, I’m sorry about last night… it was just a lot.”
Again, Cas laughed, “Yeah, sorry about that.”
Cas securely held Dean and bumped their noses together, “I missed you too, baby.”
Jo let her curiosity get the better of her, “So… what’s Cas really like?”
Half-asleep, Cas reached out to gently stroke Dean’s cheek, “I love you more.”
It took Anna a moment before she could speak, “Auntie Amara called and said that dad and momma got into a fight and dad got mad and couldn’t stop… Cas, dad killed her.”
The redhead leaned down and smiled at Annie, “Oh hello, my little friend!”
Cas reached behind him and grabbed Dean’s slightly shaking wrists, sensing how nervous and tense he was, “Hold onto me.” He wrapped the younger boy’s flannel covered arms around his waist, causing Dean to scoot forward and lean against Cas’s back. He couldn’t deny how great it felt to be pushed up against Cas; it felt grounding and secure.
They grabbed their duffle bags and started to walk out to John and Mary’s black Tahoe. While John drove, Mary turned around in the passenger seat, “Are you hungry? Let’s bring your bags home and figure out dinner.” Mary saw Abby happily place her head on Cas’s lap and lick his hand. She smiled before adding, “And don’t you worry about the pup. There is a very nice park just a minute down the street.”
Cas could see how nervous Dean was to ask such a small thing. It was really endearing, “Sure, Dean.”
Cas happily shook his hand back, “Thank you, sir. I appreciate it.”
albums, both boys were complaining but Cas and Anna were excitedly waiting.
Dean finally answered, “On one condition… we rescue a Pit Bull.”
Dean smiled back at Cas and pulled him back in for another kiss and very slowly took off Cas’s shirt, giving him plenty of time to stop him. When Cas didn’t stop him, Dean lightly rubbed his thumb over Cas’s nipple, eliciting a small moan from him.
Mary sweetly smiled at him, “Well, it’s always nice to meet one of Dean’s colleagues.”
The second his eyes met Cas’s, he knew Cas remembered what he said.
The senior’s first few classes were uneventful until Biology class, their fourth class of the day. Dean and Charlie walked in together and sat down in the middle of the room where they had a good view of the board but still, could easily blend into the room so they were less likely to get called on. That's when Leather Jacket walked into the room and sat in the only empty seat which was two rows in front of them. Dean excitedly grabbed onto Charlie’s arm and whispered, “Dude, the hot kid is sitting in front of us!”
He knew instantly that Dean sounded weird, “Yeah. The doctor said I have a hairline fracture on my ankle, a few broken ribs, and a sprained neck. Oh! And a minor concussion. They have me on some really good pain medication. Like really good. Real good.”
“Yes… yes, he did.” Dean put a gentle hand on the back of Annie’s head, leading her away from everything that was happening. Even when Charlie and Annie started to chat and play together at a picnic table, Dean couldn’t take his eyes off Cas who was still pumping hard against the stranger’s chest.
Before they got into her red Chevrolet Tahoe, Amara hugged each of them again, “Oh, I missed my buddies!”
Dean immediately brought his hands up to cling to any part of Cas he could. The kiss was surprising but not unwelcomed. Feeling Cas’s soft, warm lips against his and their bodies pressed together was every bit as amazing as Dean thought it would be.
Zeke, who was a lot weaker than he looked, instantly gave up what Dean wanted to know, “Okay! Okay! Jesus… chill out. His name was Cain. No last name. Paid cash.”
“Yes, sir.” Dean walked past the couch and into the kitchen.
She answered even with her eyes covered to block out the water, “Yeah!”
JULY 19th 7:30 PM
To everyone’s surprise, Cas’s still slightly slurred voice answered him, “Fuckin’ nothin’” He slapped away Dean’s gentle hands, “Get off.” Shakily, Cas tried to stand up but once his heavy, black boots hit the floor, the head rush he felt caused his knees to buckle.
“Yeah, I’m alright.” Cas ran his fingers through his hair, trying to smooth it down. It didn’t work at all.
Gabe, Mike, Luke, and Alfie were by Cas’s side in a second. Gabe shook his little brother’s shoulder, “Cas? Cas?!”
Cas took a step towards the bed but was hit with a memory. The wind in his face. The rumble of his bike. The feeling of happiness. The thoughts of Dean’s smile and kissing that beautiful smile right off his face. Then… nothing. Nothing but a screech and one moment of the worst pain of his life. Then, nothing.
Noticing Dean’s heavy, closing eyelids Cas couldn’t help but smile, “You tired over there?”
Back at the Winchester’s, Dean was trying to pry the bottle of wine out of Mary’s determined hands, “Mom, come on. We told Bobby and Ellen that we would have dinner with them tonight.”
“Hey… wouldyouwanttositwithusonMonday?”
The air was dry but still scorching hot so less than ten minutes later when they were in their motel room, both Dean and Cas were dripping with sweat. They both started stripping off their clothes. Like a gentleman, Dean let Cas shower first, knowing it was one of his favorite things to do when he was stressed.
Dean’s hands found the deepest wound and kept pressure on it as Bobby called an ambulance. What seemed like forever later, Dean lifted Cas up onto the stretcher. Cas’s clothes were covered in blood, his skin covered in cuts and bruises, his hand has limp in Dean’s.
Dean scoffed and shook his head, trying to ignore the sting in his chest, as he walked to the lunch room to meet his friends. As usual, Charlie, Jo, and Kevin were sitting at their normal table in the left back corner of the room when Dean walked up to them and sat down, “Hey, where’s Sammy?” His little brother usually sat with them but today he was nowhere to be seen.
At this point, Dean had calmed down a bit but was still shaken up. He clung onto Cas’s hand, “I was in bed and I heard a crash so I got up and my mom was on the floor and she wasn’t breathing right and she was unconscious and throwing up and I called an ambulance but she had a seizure and I just don’t know what to do.” By the time he was done, Dean was sobbing again; clearly still shaken up.
Cas cleaned up the garage as Bobby left but Dean stuck around, his curiosity biting at his brain, “You’re not going to tell him it’s just you guys?”
D: ‘So, tonight would be a bad night to talk?’
After contemplating for a minute Dean, groaned, “Oh… fuck this.”
Dean felt his heart cramp; half from seeing Cas in pain but half from how adorable Cas looked, “I heard, anything I can do for you?”
“So, if you had the opportunity to have sex with an attractive man, you wouldn’t?” At this point, Crowley was just trying to break Cas.
Anna falters for a moment, “Oh… they’re still in Seattle.” No one pushes it any further.
She waved him off, “Yeah, okay. That’s why you’re so happy right now. So… the sex. How was it?”
His shaky voice answered, “Yeah… they pumped her stomach and gave her some fluids and minerals.”
Trying not to be embarrassed that he planned for this, Cas pulled out the small bottle of lube from his pocket and slicked up two fingers. He roughly pushed them both completely into Dean who let out a strangled cry at the mix of pain and pleasure. As Cas slowly dragged his fingers in and out of him, he used his free hand to unbutton his jeans and use the lube to slick up his hard length.
She jumped at the opportunity, “Definitely!” They walked down the aisles feeling different fabrics and the kind teenage sales associate patiently described all the different shirts to Cas until they found one that Cas deemed acceptable.
He was cut off by Bobby’s usual surly voice, “Shut the hell up and get into work, you idjit.”
Dean leaves Cas and walks back over to where the cop was interrogating the assailant and rolls his sleeves up without saying a word and neither of them have a tattoo. Turns out, the guy was just trying to rob Cas, not kill him.
Wanting to slam his fist into a wall, Dean decided to walk away before he did something he would regret.
Cas jumped up from his chair and placed the oxygen mask back over her mouth and nose after putting two aspirin pills in her mouth and telling her to chew then swallow them. He quickly ran another EKG which showed some depressions but nothing that resembled a heart attack per se. Putting a soothing hand on her shoulder, Cas tried to reassure her, “Just take some deep breaths, Mary. You’re going to be okay.”
Dean flicked Cas’s nose, “I hate you all.” But of course, he didn’t. Sam and Anna were happily laughing, Mary was home, sober and healthy and above all, Dean had Cas’s arms warmly wrapped around him.
Charlie quickly took her hand, trying to reassure the nervous thirteen-year-old, “He’s going to be in the office for a while, why don’t you just say here?” Anna reluctantly sat back down so Charlie continued, “So, you’re new here, why don’t you tell us about yourself?”
Dean immediately understood why Cas was so upset; he knew meeting Mary and John was stressful for Cas and he wanted to make a good impression and he also knew that when Cas doesn’t take his meds he gets anxious, tired, and feels sick. But they could fix this, “Oh baby, it’s okay. We will figure it out, okay?”
Cas hesitated and seemed to withdraw further so Dean, who was sitting next to him, reached out under the table and took Cas’s hand in his.
D: ‘Don’t be a dickhead.’
Gabe cringed but tried to sound positive, “Well, if you guys are staying, I’ll throw on a few more burgers.”
Sam saw right through Dean’s answer, “You’re my big brother. I’ve looked up to you my entire life, I know your guilty face so come on, what did you do?”
Dean was pleasantly surprised when Cas stood up at the foot of the bed and started to strip. When Dean had a heart attack was when he saw the black lace panties Cas had on. They perfectly hugged his ass and his hard cock. Dean felt all the breath being sucked out of his chest, “Holy fuck. You better get that sexy ass over here.”
As usual, Cas used humor as a coping mechanism, “Yeah, the front steps really kicked my ass.”
Half-way through the day, Gabe, Luke, and Mike were needed at work so Gabe reluctantly left Cas with Alfie.
Wanting to get through to the younger boy, Dean kept pushing, “Cas….”
Dean let himself be held and loved as he tried to show Cas the same amount of love he was being given, “I love you more.”
“Alright, fine. Terrifying, horrible, one of the worst moments of my life but he’s worth it. If I have to deal with a little bit of worry for us to be happy together I am more than okay with that.” Dean harshly exhaled and ran a hand over his face, “Sorry, Jess… I guess I’m a little protective of him.”
Everything is quiet until Thursday which is Cas’s last day of his shift. Eight hours into the shift, around four-thirty Cas and Alfie got a call for a sixty-year-old woman experiencing shortness of breath and chest pain.
Dean moved to Cas’s side and took his hand instead of dragging him around, “Yeah…  but I’m your dork.”
Wanting to give Dean a better angle, Cas wrapped one of his legs around Dean as his thrusts became deeper and quicker but never rougher. When he heard Dean growl his name against his neck, Cas whimpered and started to meet Dean’s thrust; the pleasure he felt quickly pushing him closer to the edge.
The daggers Sam shot at Dean only made his guilt worse, “Again?!”
Under Cas’s lustful gaze, Dean squirmed and ran a hand down Cas’s tattoo-covered arm, “You’re perfect.”
The last picture was the one that got Dean. He was asleep on Cas’s chest with “Great Expectations being held open on his bare shoulders. Cas’s tattooed arm was holding Dean against him as he pressed a kiss to his head. Under the picture, Cas wrote: ‘I will marry this boy someday. I love him more than words could ever say.’
The pack of four military boys were all known around town as loud and carefree; Cas was the opposite, tending to keep to himself and his service dog, a large golden retriever named Abby.
Cas buried his face in his hands, “I forgot my antidepressants.”
Cas’s answer was just above a whisper, only loud enough for Dean to hear, “Take me home?”
Cas fidgeted more with his hands and seemed to withdraw even more, “I… um… look if you’re uncomfortable with that I can leave or not talk to you or—.”
They quickly left the bar and used some wood Bobby had in the back of his truck to push Cas’s bike into the bed and then secure it with bungee cords.
However, on this Friday, Cas was off from work and spent the day cleaning and cooking as tonight was a very big night; today was the day Dean and Cas’s families would be under the same roof for the first time.
Dean expected Cas to correct Bobby but he didn’t, he just smiled and said thank you.
Cas clung to Dean’s black t-shirt, “I can’t—Help me, please.”
Dean’s heart cramped for taking Cas away from Annie but what he said last night still made sense; Cas deserved a night of relaxation.
Dean had two fingers inside Cas when he noticed the frozen expression on Cas’s face and his tense body. He broke the unusual silence with calm words, “Cas, I need you to look at me. Do you not want this?”
They all sat down to dinner when Sam asked, “You know Gabe Novak?”
If Cas’s low, deep growl was anything to go by, Dean was right. Cas roughly yanked Dean’s jeans down around his ankles. Using his thumbs and palms, he spread Dean’s ass exposing his beautifully tight hole, “God-fuckin’-damn. You’re going to kill me, Dean.”
Dean was quick to pull out the earplugs he had in his pocket and hand them to Cas who easily put them in her ears. Once the noise was muffled, she happily sat with her father and Dean, enjoying the beautiful colors that lit up the sky.
She smiled back at him, her chubby cheeks scrunching up her blue eyes, “Okay, Mr. Winchester.”
“Really? Because we know she hung around with you guys. Look… I’m not saying you guys had anything to do with it. All I’m saying is we have some worried parents looking for their little girl so if you could just tell me the last time you saw her, I’d appreciate it.” He noticed the shift in Eric’s demeanor and he was right when the younger man took a swing at him.
Being close to Cas felt right, even though it broke Dean’s heart to see him so upset. He wanted to hold Cas and take away the pain he was feeling. And when Cas looked at Dean with those big blue eyes and asked him to stay, Dean knew he wasn’t going anywhere.
When they did get to the small diner, they slid into the red vinyl booth where Dean and Cas ordered coffee and Annie got some orange juice. For their meal, Annie ordered waffles and strawberries while Cas ordered two fried eggs, sausage, toast, and hash browns. Dean ordered scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and hash browns as well.
Not wanting to upset him, Dean carefully took the silver keys out of Cas’s hand, “Not tonight.”
C: ‘What do you mean?’
Jo's short blonde self, flipped him off, “Yeah, I got the throne waiting for me, you lanky fuck!” She never was one for backing down; Dean loved her for it.
After pressing another soft kiss to Cas’s lips Dean gently ran his thumb over Cas’s cheek, “I’m going to go really slow but if you want, just say the word and we’ll stop, okay?”
Cas quickly sat up and moved away from Dean, staring at him with an incredulous look on his face, “I’m sorry… your what?” Cas’s mind was going a million miles an hour, ‘
After a moment of hesitation, Dean whispered, “Did that mean anything to you?”
For the first time in a very long time, Dean prayed. He prayed to every God he could think of that Cas would be okay; that he didn’t hit his incredibly thick, stubborn skull. Then, he was reminded why he stopped praying.
Holy shit.
Quickly running over to where Cas had Alastair pinned, Dean grabbed Cas’s arms and heaved him off of the bloody man that was under him. He desperately yelled at Cas, trying to snap him out of his rage, “Cas, stop!” When he finally managed to pull Cas off of the now unconscious Alastair, he held Cas against his chest, “I got you, you’re okay, everything is okay.”
Cas didn’t move to do anything and Abby didn’t stop so Dean elbowed him a little harder this time, “Cas?”
Holding up his hands in exhaustion and defense, Gabe muttered, “Alright… goodnight.”
Dean snapped because goddamn it, of course, this kid was gay. That’s just what Dean needed, another reason to want him, “I don’t have an issue with gay people, alright?!” However, Dean doesn’t mention that he’s bi.
Subconsciously playing with Dean’s short, sandy-blonde hair, “I try my best. Sometimes it feels like a losing battle.”
Cas chuckled and kissed Dean, “You love me.”
Leaning over to give Cas’s cheek a kiss, Dean smiled back at him, “I always will.”
His mind went blank.
Again, Annie took everything in stride, “Okay!” But after a moment of silence, she piped up again, “…does that mean I get to have a boyfriend?”
Gabe chastised his brother for being so reckless with his health, “Are you kidding me?!” Luckily, Mike pulled up before Gave could get any angrier. The brothers thanked Sam again before slowly walking out to the car. Using his phone’s voice recognition, Cas called his new neurologist, praying that this—for once in his life—was just a headache.
Still trying to stay calm, Sam took a deep breath, “Okay well, you hurt him.”
“Lawrence Memorial Hospital.”
“We were going to… spend the night again and you know…” Dean flailed his hands in the air, trying to get his point across but Mary beat him to it.
Dean knew he shouldn’t and that it would just be harder for Cas to wake up but he couldn’t stop himself from wrapping his arms around Cas and holding him close. They had wasted so much time, neither of them could resist being constantly attached at the hip.
Dean slumped into the driver’s seat, “Anna, your brother is kind of a hardass.” He ran his hands over the steering wheel, concerned at how somebody who he had only known for two days had such a strong hold over his emotions.
Anna immediately pulled her hand out of Cas’s grip and ran towards Gabe with open arms; her shoes loudly splashing through the puddles. Gabe quickly scooped her up and hugged her close to him, “Hey, kiddo!”
Mary stepped to the side so Cas and Anna could come in. Dean smiled at Cas who put his hands on Dean’s waist and gave him a sweet kiss.
Sleepily running a hand through his bed hair, Cas pulled on some pajama pants and padded down the hall. Cas could see the bathroom light on from under the door. He slowly pushed it open and found Dean throwing up into the toilet, “Baby, what’s going on?”
Gabe didn’t sound too supportive of this decision, “I have to go to work.”
When Cas finally stops throwing up, Gabe rubbed his back, “You really are getting sick, huh? You done, kid?”
Cas was down on one knee, holding a small black box which was open to show a small silver band with a small diamond on it. Cas couldn’t help but smile at Dean’s completely shell-shocked face, all wide-eyed and slack-jawed. Cas started to say what he was thinking about all day, “I love you so much. You’ve been there for me on my best days and my worst. You support me through my hectic career. You love my daughter and she loves you. You’re her dad, my best friend, and my true love. Would you please be my husband as well?”
“Don’t worry about it. These things happen.” But Cas still looked so sad and Dean couldn’t have that so, he held his arms out and motioned for Cas to come closer. Clearly needing a hug, Cas buried himself against Dean, tightly wrapping his arms around Dean’s muscular waist. Dean held Cas and gently rubbed his back, he couldn’t help but chuckle, “You’re a cuddler, aren’t you?”
Besides the mild symptoms Cas was having from his radiation treatment, everything was going well for a month, Cas stopped feeling sick, Gabe and Dean eventually went back to work but what wasn’t going well was how fragile Dean was treating Cas. While it wasn’t terrible having somebody to help him do things, Dean and Cas hadn’t touched each other in a month and Cas was getting frustrated.
Knowing he had told Dean that loving somebody else and letting go was okay and there was no reason to ask for forgiveness, Cas felt the pain start to ease. He stood and turned to see Dean standing behind him. Eighteen again and familiar from his heaven, Cas took his love’s hand and they started to walk towards Dean’s bedroom; towards happiness.
C: ‘Ten.’
Looking closer, Cas saw the picture of Anna. He could hear Dean talking about her and for the first time in forever, he felt pain.
Cas could feel the beautifully warm summer breeze on his skin and his baby sisters easy-going laugh from behind him. Going the speed limit, Cas enjoyed the straightforward, easy ride to the nearby city.
This time it was Cas who waved him off, “Yeah, just getting a bit of a cold. So… what do you do?”
Alastair has Anna’s shaking body pinned against the wall. He took her flower crown and inspected it, “See, Anna… this is why I like you; you’re so gosh darn pretty.”
Cas felt the same way as he leaned into Dean, contently smiling with his two favorites, Abby and Dean by his side.
. “Don’t be a moron, Novak. Get in the car.”
Hearing the new people in the house, Gabe walked out from the kitchen; his eyes growing large and worried at the sight of them, “Holy hell, what happened to you guys?”
Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding, “He’s right. Sometimes these things just happen.”
From the other end of the phone, Dean was getting into the Impala, “I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
Annie picked a local sandwich shop that she always orders the same thing at; a turkey, apple, cheddar sandwich and chips. For a small girl, she definitely had a large appetite just like her father.
When Bobby dropped Cas off at his house, Cas looked up at him through his hair, that admittedly had gotten a little too long for his liking, “Thank you for everything.”
One week after Dean came home, Cas had to go back to work. Only two hours into his shift, Cas got a call from Dean, “I’m bored.”
“What is it?” Dean questioned the almost panicked look on Cas’s face, genuinely worried for his well-being. The bitch face Cas sent him back at the question because it wasn’t yes or no was pretty funny, Dean couldn’t help but chuckled, “Sorry, do you think it’s him?”
Dean’s warm hand on his shoulder snapped Cas out of his thoughts, “Cas… “I need to apologize for how awful I’ve treated you. I shouldn’t have spoken to you how I did but I shouldn’t have put you in the position to get hurt. I’ll be better, do you think you could give me a chance?”
Dean immediately was by her side, trying to dust off the sand and hush her cries. He knew she was most likely more shaken up than hurt but the blood leaking from the wound on her calf still worried him.
On the 21st he woke up to a different voice and Anna’s familiar sobs. Easing open his eyes, Dean saw Gabe, still in his green fatigues, holding Anna on his lap. When Gabe saw Dean looking at him, he tried to crack a smile, “Hey, Romeo.”
The next one was them sitting in their usual booth in the Roadhouse: ‘Dean made me try Ellen’s “Heart Attack Burger”. I need bypass surgery.’ Dean chuckled at the memory of him and Cas having a contest of who could actually finish the enormous hamburger. Of course, they both got ridiculously sick.
Stealing himself, Cas took one more deep breath and heaved himself to his feet, “Yes, sir.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shit, man. What happened?” Dean was genuinely concerned because Cas seemed like whatever was weighing on him was clearly bothering him.
Quickly informing the police as to Cain’s location, Charlie grabbed her jacket and drove to the hospital to tell Dean what was going on.
Mary sat down in her recliner while Cas and Dean sat next to their siblings on the couch, “So, Cas, tell me about yourself.”
Mary sweetly smiled at him, “Good, I’m glad. Now tell me, is that your bike?”
That’s right, five guys and one dog in a small house. Gabe, Mike, Alfie, and Luke were all part of the same garrison in the army, serving from Fort Leavenworth. The military fort is a short hour away from their house so thankfully, they usually weren’t all in the tiny house at one time.
Cas mumbled off-handedly, “I’m a grown man, Gabriel. You don’t need to constantly hold my hand.”
Cas looked genuinely upset for the first time since Dean met him and it was heartbreaking, “I used to paint.”
Ten minutes later, Cas was about to leave his house when he texted Dean again
“Smart.”
Pulling out of Dean, Cas used all his strength to flip him over and pick up the slightly younger boy by putting one arm under his ass and one behind his back.
“Who doesn’t?” Yup, Cas was pretty perfect. Dean smiled at him and placed a burger in front of him along with two pills. Cas smiled back at him before swallowing the pills, kicking himself for not taking them earlier as the pain was starting to get worse, “Thank you, sir.”
When the cop finally did walk up to the Impala, he got halfway through his sentence without faltering, “License and registr—what the hell are you two doing?” He pushed his sunglasses up onto the top of his head and peered into the window, giving both Dean and Cas an incredulous look.
“Dean, I can’t. If I talk about it, it’s real.” Cas was back to staring at his hands and already shaking.
Dean quickly cut his boyfriend off in a shaky voice, “—she called me dad.”
Annie listening and quickly walked to her room, leaving Dean alone with Cas. Crouching in front of his boyfriend, Dean put a gentle hand on Cas’s stubble-covered cheek, “Hey, you okay?” With no answer, Dean used his other hand to firmly but not harshly bring Cas’s chin up to meet his eyes, “Cas? Look at me. What happened?”
“I messed up really bad. I took my own issues out on him… do you think he’d ever forgive me?”
Crowley quickly walked up to the three friends, “Come with me.”
It didn’t take them long to get to the hospital and get Dean into the E.R bay doors. After talking quickly with the nurses, Cas had to let Dean go and get back to work, I’ll be back as soon as I can. I love you so much, baby.”
When Dean pulled up into the front of subway station, the image of Cas’s throat slit and him bleeding out, willed his feet to run faster down the stairs with his gun drawn. His green eyes frantically searched for Cas until he heard the scuffling.
Dean sheepishly handed the cop his information and tried to act natural. When the cop saw Dean’s badge, he groaned and handed everything back to Dean, “Detective, put some clothes on, slow down, and get the hell out of here.”
After arguing with himself for the rest of class Dean decided to actually take Charlie’s advice. He walked up to Leather Jacket or ‘Castiel’ in the busy hallway and gave him a warm smile, “Hey, I’m Dean. Castiel, right?” That’s when he noticed just how blue Castiel’s eyes were. They looked like the sky on a perfect summer day. Before Dean could realize he was staring at him; the other boy answered, “Not interested, thanks.”
Dean grabbed his jacket off the foot of the bed and yelled, “Fine! Go fuck yourself, Cas!”
Cas opened the door with a smile, “Hey, come on in.”
Cas looked down at his feet then back up at Dean, “I’m dead.”
A few minutes later, Cas came back with two mugs of hot black coffee. Dean thanked him with a nod and a slightly softer voice, “You want to be a detective? You need to sleep.”
“My life, my choice…” Taking Cas’s earlobe into his mouth, Dean sucked hard on it, “…touch me, Cas.”
When Dean finished, he soiled his pretty panties, completely soaking them. As he rolled off of Cas, he tried not to pout.
D: ‘My shift ends at 6. Want to grab dinner here?’
The last thing anybody wanted to see were the tears filling Cas’s eyes, “I want her here… please, I need her.”
Cas scoffed and adjusted his t-shirt on his shoulders, “I’ve punched guys much bigger, much harder. He doesn’t scare me… but he does scare Anna and I'm not taking that shit. Dean please, take care of my sister.”
The silence that fell over them wasn’t uncomfortable; it was peaceful and comforting. Filled with the smooth sound of the pages turning or sometimes a grunt from Dean if Cas was turning the page too fast.
The younger boy moaned at the slight burn but overwhelming pleasure that coursed through him, “C—Cas, come on. Fuck… fuck.”
“I ran into Crowley yesterday and he mentioned that you and he were walking out of the movies together.”
Annie threw her hands up in the air and cheered because who doesn’t want ice cream? Dean, who was watching a few feet away couldn’t help but admit that was freaking adorable.
Luke, trying to help, ran to the front door to wait for the ambulance while Dean and Gabe held onto Cas who thankfully, had stopped seizing; which is when Abby finally stopped barking.
Dean leaned over to Cas who was staring straight ahead and whispered in his ear, “You’re doing so well, sweetheart. I know it’s hard to listen to but I’m right here.”
Cas brought his hands up to hold onto Dean’s chin; looking slightly down into his lust blown eyes Cas spoke harshly, “I bet you’d be such a good boy for me, wouldn’t you?”
Dean looked at him with an incredulous look on his face, “Alright, you listen to me, I know I was an asshole to you but I am not going to let you stay with your fucking father and I’m sure as shit not letting you stay at the shelter. You’re going to stay with me and that’s the end of it. Got it?”
They sat in silence until they were done eating and that’s when Cas’s phone rang, “Anna? What’s wrong?” Cas stood up and started pacing, nervously running his hand through his hair he tried to calm Anna down, “Love, slow down. Just take a deep breath.”
Like the flustered moron he was, Dean stuck his hand out and smiled at Cas, “It’s nice to meet you.”
While Annie was in a shower, Dean and Cas were changing in their room when Dean grabbed onto Cas’s arm with a panicked look on his face. Cas thought that he was still upset about Annie’s injury so he was quick to console him, “Dean, I promise everything is alright. You know how kids are, they fall, they get hurt—”
As Cas’s eyes started to close, Dean kissed his cheek and grabbed the light blanket from the bottom of the bed and draped it over Cas. Dean slipped off the bed and grabbed his metal flask out of his duffle bag and quietly stepped out onto the porch, leaving the door open to get a breeze into the room. The summer night was clear and warm as Dean leaned against the railing and took a sip of the strong whiskey.
The last thing in the cardboard box was a stack of pictures that Cas had been taking of them over the past few months.
The one time Cas did not need to see was the day May left for college. She tightly hung onto Cas, “I love you, daddy. I’m so happy you and dad raised me. I couldn’t ask for better parents. Thank you for being my best friends through everything and I’m really going to miss you.”
“Anything you want, baby.” Cas laid down on the Impala’s back seat as Dean positioned himself over Cas’s hard, flushed cock. When Cas held onto Dean’s hips it was more reassuring than firm and when Dean sunk onto Cas’s cock he whimpered at the fullness. Dean slowly fucked himself on Cas’s cock and reached for his boyfriend’s hand. Cas gladly took it and tightly held on.
They both pack up their stuff and start walking out to the parking lot, when Cas started to walk away from Dean, the detective spoke up, “Where did you park?”
Despising awkward silences and desperate to move on from this one, Jo smiled at the sad girl, “So, Anna… what do you do for fun?”
Cas rolled his eyes and pressed his palm against his own hard cock, moaning at the contact, “I feel fine, I’m good. I have no pain. Dean, please. It’s been so long since I’ve felt you, I need you.”
Cas couldn’t help the smile that crossed his face as he rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, “Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.”
Twenty minutes later, they were more than half-way there when the same defeated tone came from Cas, “I’m sorry I walk so slow. Gabe told me you’re taller than me so I’m going to assume you almost never walk this slowly.”
Stepping harder on the gas, Cas smirked, “Loser buys dinner.”
Eventually, he ended up at a grave with a man sitting in front of it. Looking down at the grave he saw his own name engraved on it. And the man in front of it? Dean. His Dean. The real Dean. Cas knelt next to him and reached out to touch his hand, “…baby?”
Without a second thought, Cas grabbed his wrist and skillfully twisted his arm behind his back and pinned him against the brick wall of the closest building. Pulling the pair of handcuffs out of his jacket pocket, Cas detained the boy, “Oh, Eric. Come on, you know I don’t have a problem with you. I was just asking a question. However, now… I do think you’re hiding something.”
Dean watched Cas’s face intently, trying to figure out what was wrong when his feet suddenly stopped moving, “I’ll be home in one minute.” Cas quickly hung up and walked back towards Dean.
Despite Dean’s efforts, Cas jumped away from his hand and covered his face. It took him a minute to remember where he was, “I’m sorry, you just scared me.”
This chapter was very short but this story needed its happy ending. Thank you for reading! Much love xx
D: ‘Of course I did. Just… a little warning next time.’
Dean bit Cas’s neck and sucked a dark mark onto his skin, “Cas, I’m close.”
She heavily sighed and Dean didn’t miss the eye roll as she checked the computer, “He’s still in surgery. Why don’t you go sit in the waiting room and the doctor will come update you when they’re done.”
Cas and Anna walk towards the school, leaving the four other friends alone to give each other strange looks. Dean turned to Jo and shrugged, “I told you, Jo… he’s confusing.”
The redhead gently shoved Dean, trying to joke with him, “So, you saw the guy’s dick a few times, doesn’t mean things have to be awkward.”
Cas squeezed Dean back, “I know you will.” They ended up holding each other for a long time, silently saying things they didn’t have the words to say out loud.
Sam could see the worry and desperation on his older brother’s face and he was immediately ready to help him, “No! No, Dean. Don’t even talk like that. You’re a great man and you’ll be a great father but I need to know… why do you ask?”
Dean took a shy step back, realizing how close the two were standing, “It’s okay. I’ll walk out with you?”
Dean nodded in understanding, his heart breaking for Cas, “Goodnight, Gabriel.”
Once Gabe left, Cas showered, got dressed in black skinny jeans and a maroon sweater, he cleaned up a bit, fed Abby, made himself lunch, brushed Abby and put her harness on before finally leaving the house around three o’clock but not before making sure he had his wallet, keys, inhaler, and sunglasses.
Dean fidgeted with his beer bottle, “This thing between Cas and I is really going well and I think that it’s serious and I really love him, Sammy. I’m just scared I’m going to hurt Annie. I don’t want her to get used to me then have Cas and I not work out.”
Charlie’s heart broke and it was obvious she was feeling just as guilty as Dean, “We found Cain. He was arrested for multiple counts of murder, kidnapping, and attempted murder.”
By ten in the morning, they were on the road. As it turns out, driving to Arizona in the middle of August in an old car that doesn’t have A/C wasn’t the greatest idea Dean or Cas has ever had. In the middle of New Mexico, it reached almost one hundred degrees in the car. It got to the point where neither of them could take it anymore so they ended up stripping down to their boxers to drive the rest of the way until they reached a motel for the night.
“Dean, I know you’re bored but I have five hours left of my shift. When I get home I promise I’ll occupy you.” Cas smirked after hearing Dean’s sigh of frustration.
Feeling much better, Dean seemed to relax, “See you then.” When he hung up., he walked back into the room to thank his mother.
Judging by Cas’s face, Dean feared for his little brother’s life, “What like a date?!" His angry blue eyes quickly found Dean's, he growled, "Dean… can I talk to you?”
“A cab? To get home?” Cas pulled a face that was confused and tilted.
Needless to say, the car ride back to Dean’s house was silent, but not the same silence as they sat in on their way to the courthouse; this silence was slightly awkward but at the same time, full of excitement and uncertainty.
C: ‘wjatevr.’
Dean answered by grabbing a fist full of Cas’s hair and quickly snapping his hips forward, roughly thrusting into him, the reward of Cas’s beautiful moans fueling his need to go faster, “You’re so beautiful, Cas. God… look at you. So good for me, such a sweet boy.”
Since they were both in their boxers, their boners were both painfully obvious. Cas broke their kiss to say, “Abby, floor.” When the large dog, that was taking up half the bed, flopped down to the floor Dean pulled Cas on top of his so that Cas was straddling Dean’s lap. His needy hands found Cas’s perfect ass and firmly groped him. When Cas moaned and ground against Dean’s cock and thigh, Dean growled, “Holy fuck… you’re so hot.”
C: ‘I will take you up on that offer.’
Cas reached over to touch the only part of Dean he could without waking up his daughter; gently resting his hand on Dean’s cheek, Cas stroked his thumb over Dean’s freckle-covered cheeks, “I love you.”
“Please?”
“See you at school, Cas.”
Wanting to so bad but knowing he couldn’t, Cas mimicked Dean’s pout, “I wish I could but I need to go home for Annie.”
He stroked a hand over her long hair which was a little long and “Cas, just cut it already!” “But she loves it, Dean. When she wants to cut it we will.” “She’s going to start sitting on it!” “You can’t tell me she doesn’t look beautiful.” Dean leaned down and kissed her head, thanking her for helping.
He turned around and smoothed down his maroon tie, “Oh, Miss Annie, it’s nice to see you!” He gestured towards the redhead who was sweetly smiling at Annie, “This is my best friend, Charlie.”
“Alright, folks. Tonight, we have a favorite fighting! Fighting for a price of three-hundred dollars, we have Cas and Donny. Let’s see what they can do!”
Crowley and Zach start to run towards Cas but when Anna starts to get upset, Cas pulled away not wanting to see his baby sister's tears tonight, “This is your last warning, Alastair.”
Cas frowned and took another long drink, “I can’t fucking stand him.”
He fell asleep that night with an empty bottle of whiskey in one hand and a half-coherent unsent apology text to Cas in the other.
After they were both thoroughly spent, Cas pulled out of Dean and walked to the bathroom to get a washcloth. Back on the bed, he gently cleaned off Dean then himself. Dean’s green eyes were already closing by the time Cas laid down next to him. Wrapping the blankets around both of them, Cas took Dean’s hand in his and slid off the black, metal ring he usually wore before putting it on Dean, “You really do mean the world to me. I love you so much, Dean.”
He couldn’t wait to wrap his arms around Cas; he wanted to kiss him, suck him off, open himself up for him. So when Cas strolled into the Roadhouse a little after six, Dean quickly walked up to him and roughly kissed him.
Cas, however, started to panic when he woke up to an unfamiliar arm around him. Thankfully, Dean noticed Cas’s squirming and soothingly rubbed his arm, speaking quietly, “Cas? Hey… it’s just me. Do you want me to go?”
Until one day, one month into the six-month academy, when Cas was stretching and doing an easy sequence when Dean caught a glimpse of his back which was brightly illuminated by the afternoon sun. He cringed at the memories of finding Cas on his kitchen floor and in that old factory. Dean walked over to Cas mid warrior’s pose and wrapped him up in his arms.
Snapping himself out of his infatuation with the man sitting across from him, Dean’s expression changed to being worried and clearly nervous, “I would like to think that things with me and you are good.” That earned him an agreeing nod from Cas, “And I love you and Annie and I guess I’m just worried that I’m going to ruin her of something… I’m sorry it’s stupid.”
At school, he strolled up to her in the hall, “Hey, Charlie.”
Bobby placed Cas on their couch as Jo and Sam ran into the room. Cas was just starting to gain consciousness when Jo ran to his side, “Oh my god… what happened to him?!”
As Charlie, Jo, Sam, Dean, and Cas searched for and called Anna’s phone but they found nothing.
When Dean opened his front door he gave Cas a strange look, instantly picking up on Cas’s difference in appearance. He opted to not say anything as Mary walked up behind him.
Dean wasn’t quite paying attention to what was going on when he pointed to the table to where Charlie and Annie were chatting, “Don’t worry about it. The girls are having fun over there.” Then what Cas said finally clicked, “Wait… what? No, Charlie and I are just friends. She’s gay and I’m bi. Definitely leaning more towards guys though… you know; strong, pretty guys like you. Not that you’re just pretty, I mean you just saved that guys life and… I’m rambling.”
He could have moved out years ago. Cas worked hard in college and had enough money saved up from working as a waiter on campus but he still lived with his father, Chuck. The only reason he stayed was that his father needed somebody to talk care of him; he was getting older and drank too much to be able to care for himself. As horrible as he was to Cas, Chuck was still his father and Cas still loved him.
After thinking for a moment, Annie answered, “Like… boyfriends?”
Dean was pacing and pulling at his short hair, “WE did this! He should never have been in that position!” Without another word to his colleagues, Dean walked out of the building and didn’t bother to look back. He didn’t want to see weapons, handcuffs, paperwork, criminals or other officers; he wanted to go to Cas. Dean wanted to make sure Cas was okay, he wanted to take care of him, to fix the horrible mistake he made.
Not having a choice, Dean laid back down but when Cas still wasn’t back two hours later he started to really panic, “Charlie, pass me my phone? It’s in my pants over there.”
Dean ran a hand through Cas’s sweat soaked hair, trying to ignore his own tears, “No, baby. Just stay awake for a few more minutes.”
Getting lost in the information that is tacked to the large corkboard in his office, Dean bitterly spat out, “I’ll be motivational when there isn’t some fucking killer running around.”
When he heard Dean’s voice, soothing and loving, he instantly relaxed, “Cas? Why are you yelling? Come to bed.”
A minute or so later, Annie came bouncing out of her room, “All ready, daddy!”
At Mackie’s, Cas snuck into the basement through the back door. Bobby followed Cas at a safe distance where he wouldn’t notice the surly old man.
She sounded delighted to hear from her son’s boyfriend, “Oh, sweetie! How are you?”
Cas broke off eye contact and muttered, “Everyone leaves.”
Dean tried to smile but it mostly came out as a cringe, “Hi, I’m Cas’s friend. I was just wondering how he was doing.”
The two teens gave each other the classic ‘oh shit’ look before Dean groaned and yelled back, “ME!”
Cas sniffled and kissed Dean’s hand, “Can you bring her duck?”
He flew home almost twenty miles over the speed limit. Before he had two feet in the front door, Anna was clinging to his shirt. Her usually pale face was red and tear stained; her voice shook with every panicked, unsteady breath, “S-she’s dead… Cassie, what are we going to do… I- I don’t know what to do.”
He ran one of his skeleton-like fingers down her smooth, pale face, “Oh, the new kid’s sister… well, I’ll see you around, baby face.”
C: ‘Yeah.’
Completely taken back by the turn their night had taken, Cas tried to keep up with Dean; pulling on a shirt and trying to talk, “I am so sorry. I really didn’t mean to hurt you, Dean.”
Rolling his green eyes, Dean walked outside to where Cas went. He found his intern on a bench outside the station with his head hanging low, obviously trying to compose himself.
When he did take them off, he shuddered at the sudden cold that nipped at his flushed skin. Dean was blushing from his cheeks to his chest, his hard cock was leaking, and he still had cum splattered on his face. Cas smiled at him and patted the spot next to him on the bed, “Come here.”
Instead of accepting her help, he did what big brothers do best and messed with her. He grabbed her arm and pulled her onto the ice between him and Dean and proceeded to tickle her until she was threatening to pee her pants.
“Yeah, it just hurt a little.” Cas rubbed his hand over his stomach and tried to suppress his wince.
Dean hummed in response and tried to get up but his half-asleep mind couldn’t cooperate with his limbs; he just ended up flopping back down on the soft bed. His words came out as incoherent mumbles, “Get up… in minute.”
“I know the face, okay? I’m a good father. When I’m not there my brother cares for her. She’s never alone. She’s loved.” Cas didn’t hesitate to defend his family.
The entire squad room turned into middle schoolers, “Ooooooooo!!!”
Still standing in the parking lot, Dean tried to process what just happened. It didn’t seem like Cas was close with his mother but he looked absolutely devastated when he heard the news. Dean walked into the Roadhouse, making sure his phone had the ringer on just in case Cas needed anything."
Cas was reminding Dean of his mother, he needed to change the subject before his tears started to fall. Luckily, Cas beat him to it, “What do you think they’re doing in there?”
Cas pulled up to Dean’s house and got off his bike, quickly running to the front door to escape the freezing air, he tried to smooth out his helmet hair. As he knocked on the door, Cas fussed with his jacket, murmuring, “Freaking monkey suit… stupid love day… stupid boyfri—.”
Cas missed being so close to somebody and as great as this was, he needed more. He tried not to whine but it still came out as a desperate beg, “Dean, please. Will you fuck me?”
The worry was obvious on Gabe’s usually happy face, “Alright, sit the hell down. I’m calling Mike.” As Gabe pulled his phone out to call his roommate, Abby jumped up onto Cas’s lap and carefully licked his cheek. Cas weakly pat her head and whispered, “I’m okay, my love… you’re a good girl.”
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and gave him a tight hug, “Awe, baby. Look how cute you were!”
Dean couldn’t contain his laughter any longer as he laughed so hard, he started crying, “C—Cas, I’m sorry… A—Are you okay?”
Dean pouted and possessively put a hand on Cas’s defined stomach muscles, “Or you could stay?”
After making sure they both had their jackets on, they walked out to Cas’s black Ford Focus. He securely strapped Annie into her car seat before sliding into the front seat. The drive from their house to Lawrence Elementary was no more than fifteen minutes but Cas treasured those fifteen minutes. As an EMT his schedule was hectic and often inconvenient to have with a young child. So any time he could spend with her, he would gladly take.
From where she was sitting on the floor, surrounded by her stuffed animals and a small tea set, “Okay! Right now, we are having a tea party.”
After their introductions, they all sat on the couch just trying to catch up. It wasn’t long before Gabe came back home with his girlfriend, Kali. Then Charlie and her girlfriend,  Dorothy came over. Then Mary and finally Chuck and Naomi.
Dean only held Cas tighter, “I won’t let anyone hurt you again.”
Cas was sobbing as he whined, “I don’t feel good.”
Shockingly enough, they both seemed disappointed by that. Without saying another word to each other, Dean and Cas drove to the morgue to find that the newest victim was the same as the others. Back in the Impala, Dean finally spoke to Cas again, “Charlie told me you found the tattoo artist. Let’s go talk to him.”
Cas smirked down at him, “Good.” He rolled off the bed and quickly ran to the bedroom to grab a warm washcloth. When he got back to his room, he quietly climbed back onto the bed and softly ran the damp cloth over Dean’s cheek before cleaning off his stomach and softening cock.
Still holding his chest and hyperventilating, Dean stared wide-eyes at Cas, “You’re insane!”
As soon as the lunch bell rang, Anna rushed to the front of the lunch room where Cas said he would wait for her. Sam loyally stuck by her side through the busy hallways, trying desperately to offer her any comfort he possibly could.
Bobby was grabbing a first aid kit from the bathroom, he yelled back to his daughter and Sam, “I don’t know. Jo, grab him some ice. Sam, get a glass of water!”
As the younger male EMT hooked Cas up to an EKG machine and took his blood pressure, the older female questioned Gabe, “Any health problems?”
When Cas met up with Dean and their coworkers, Bobby shook his hand and handed him a job application, “If you decide to hang around, there’s a desk for you at the station.”
Very slowly, Cas woke up and Gabe quickly hit the call button for the nurse. Before Cas could say anything the doctor who performed the surgery came in and started asking him to perform tasks, “Mr. Novak, can you squeeze my fingers for me? Very good. Wiggle your toes? Wonderful… And do you know where you are?”
Cas chuckled, admiring Dean’s teacher attire which suited him very well (two-day stubble very much included), “Yeah, that’s exactly what we’re doing. What about—”
They walked the emptying hallways as Charlie bounced with joy, “You have come to the right lesbian! I recommend a nice dinner but not the Roadhouse, somewhere you guys have to dress up but as for a gift… I’m not sure. I usually get Jo a vibrator so that’s an option. Or you could get him something sentimental.”
In two seconds, Annie was jumping and attaching herself on to Cas. Dean smiled at the two of them, “Bye, Cas. I’ll see you around.” He waved to Annie as well, “Bye, Miss Annie.”
Dean reached into the pocket of his dress pants and pulled out a gold band with a small diamond in it, “Well…?”
“I want to keep going.” Cas kissed Dean again and gently nipped at his bottom lip. He tugged off Dean’s pants and stroked his hard cock. Surprisingly, Dean pulled Cas’s hand away, “I got it. Just relax, sweetheart.” Dean wanted Cas to focus on the pleasure and nothing else.
The sobs started to hurt Dean’s throat as he tried to choke out the rest of his prayer, “Cas… it’s not fair. I—I loved you so much. Fuck… who am I kidding? I still love you. I see you everywhere. Every time I see or hear a motorcycle, I can’t go to the Roadhouse anymore. Hell… I can’t even look in the back seat of the Impala.”
Gabe pulled a bit of a bitch face at Dean not knowing how he couldn’t hear Cas’s yelling from down the street, “Not a good time, Romeo.”
The shooting pain in Cas’s jaw didn’t slow him down as he tackled the other member to the ground, another teen named Marco, “Oh, really? You too?! You guys are better than this.”
“I’m sorry, sir.” Once again, Cas found himself being yelled at and trying to diffuse the situation.
When he got home, he said a quick hello to his mom and Sammy, who isn’t so little anymore, before going up to his room, taking two sleeping pills, and falling into a drug-supported sleep.
Dean held Cas close to him, his fingers trailing over the harsh scars on his back, “I just… I’m so sorry. I promise I’ll always protect you.”
Cas’s blue eyes started to fill with tears as he clung onto Dean’s hand, stumbling over his words, trying to fight the medication the nurses gave him but Dean just hushed him and pressed their foreheads together, “No, baby. Just listen to me, I’m going to see you when you’re done and everything is going to be just fine. So, lay down and relax. It will be over before you know it. I love you so much.”
Dean could feel his heart stop in his chest and bile creep up his throat, “What? Is… is he awake, sweetheart?” With her shy reply of “yes”, Dean’s blood pressure started to even out now that he knew Cas’s health wasn’t at risk, “I’ll be there in five minutes, okay? Just stay on the phone with me.”
Cas felt Alastair’s nose break but he didn’t stop. Instead, he wrapped his left hand tightly around Alastair’s throat while his right fist continued to beat him bloody.
Before they left, Charlie handed Cas one of the department’s spare laptops and smiled at him; he tried to return the gesture.
It was noticeable when Dean closed his eyes at the unpleasant memory and took Cas’s hand, tightly squeezing it. Mary noticed the change in her son’s demeanor but chose to ignore it for the moment, “So how long have you been together? Because clearly, Dean tells us nothing.”
About halfway through her treatment, Dean had a particularly bad phone call with her consisting of the phrase, “Disappointment of a son.” About fifteen minutes after the upsetting call, Dean was at Cas’s house as they had plans to hang out.
C: ‘Now you’re speaking my language.’
“Me too… please don’t stop.” Cas started to move his hips to meet Dean’s thrusts, the pleasure becoming overwhelming. Desperate for release, Cas wrapped a hand around his cock and after a few strokes, he came over his own stomach with a loud moan.
Mary and John continued to ask Cas questions, trying to get to know the man that their son clearly loves. By the end of dinner, they loved him too.
Cas didn’t fight it as he flopped down in bed before saying a quick thank you to Dean and almost instantly falling asleep.
Sam wasn’t fazed by the gender of the person Dean was interested in. Sam and their mother had always been supportive of Dean’s sexuality, no matter how much their father wasn’t, “Well, we’ll be in good hands at least!”
It was a perfect day for a walk; the sun was brightly shining and the wind was gently blowing. Abby was bouncing down the sidewalk, loyally walking next to Cas. It’s around five o’clock when Cas heard somebody call his name from behind him, followed by jogging footsteps.
Cas quickly walked to his room while Dean grabbed Chuck by his collar, pulling him close to his face, “Listen to me you disgusting piece of shit, you ever touch him again and I will kill you.”
When Cas let go of him, Dean slid the gorgeous band onto Cas’s finger and pulled him into a loving kiss.
Sam, Jess, and John all headed off to bed. Before Mary followed John, she gently shook Dean’s shoulder, “Honey, time for you boys to get to bed.”
The next day wasn't nearly as cold as the last but the October breeze still managed to nip at your nose and ears if you happened to stay out too long. That morning in the parking lot, Castiel and Anna pulled in next to the Winchesters' Impala. The brothers had just arrived at the school and when Sam saw Anna he quickly hopped out of the car and waved at her. She happily waved back and tapped Castiel’s shoulder, trying to get his attention.
The tears in Dean’s eyes grew harder to ignore as he said goodbye, “Thank you.”
JULY 19th 7:01 PM
They were standing in the living room which had two couches facing a large T.V, the living room was attached to the kitchen with an open food plan. Off of the living room was one bedroom which was Gabe’s. Down the hallway, was Annie’s bedroom and the door to the basement on the right and Cas’s bedroom and their bathroom on the left.
Deciding he wasn’t going to win this one because there was no way he could deny Dean anything, “This one is the first picture I have of her. It was a few weeks after I adopted her after we got her healthy and some weight put on her.” It was a picture of a younger looking Cas in loose pajamas with a bundle of pink blanket in his arms.
The small voice that came through the phone snapped him out of his daze in two seconds. It was Annie and she definitely didn’t sound happy. Her voice was small and almost scared, “Daddy? I can’t sleep, you have to say it.”
Cas smiled at Mary from where he was sitting next to her, typing Mary’s vitals, medications administered, and other notes on the computer.
No. No. Not this again. Can’t happen again. Can’t hurt again.
Dean smirked and turned around dropping his panties and bending over, revealing the black butt plug that was fit snugly in him.
Inside Dean’s Impala, neither Dean or Cas said a word to each other. The silence was definitely awkward between yesterday and this morning, you could cut the tension with a knife.
Dean froze in place and put his hands up in defense, “Whoa dude, take a breath. She’s safe at home, I dropped her off a little while ago. I just came by to see Bobby.” That wasn’t necessarily the whole truth; Dean wanted to see Bobby but he also wanted to talk to Cas more after their tense conversation. As much as he willed himself to, he couldn't seem to stay away from Cas.
Feeling Cas pound into his mouth, Dean had tears streaming down his face but he loved it. If Cas wanted to use his mouth, he would gladly let him. His green eyes looked up at Cas’s beautiful lustful expression, he let out a whine at how gorgeous Cas looked.
Cas nodded and buried his face into Dean’s neck as the nurse carefully injected him with the sedative. As soon as Cas was out, Dean was pulled away from him so the medical staff could start to treat him. They quickly determined he was going to need surgery for the stab wound on his stomach and many stitches for the gashes that covered his body.
Even though the mask muffled her a bit, Cas new what he heard when she answered,  “Mary Winchester.”
The funeral was four days ago, it was small; only the people who were close with Cas were there. When Anna spoke, she couldn’t get half of her eulogy out without breaking down in tears.
After digging through the plastic bag of Dean’s belongings, Charlie handed him his phone. Dean quickly called Cas and waited for a few rings before Cas’s broken voice came over the phone, “I’ll be back soon.” He sounded teary-eyed and anxious and that sound broke Dean’s heart.
“Very well then.” Cain didn’t hesitate or flinch, he wasn’t angry or distressed but he was eerily calm as he sliced into Cas over and over again. From his neck to his chest to his arms and down to his legs he was covered in blood; blood that was quickly draining from his veins. “You ready yet?”
Cas didn’t even hesitate in his answer, “Of course, Dean. When’s good for you?”
Thankfully, Cas just nodded in response before starting up the bike and revving the engine a few times. The engine sounded perfect and judging by Cas’s prideful smile, he knew it.
Cas dug through one of the small bags on his bike and pulled out a red and black flannel, “Seven.”
Jo smiled at her, “Don’t worry about it. My parents own the place.” She winked and gently nudged Anna’s side with her elbow.
Cas nodded, “Yes, please.”
Before Gabe could answer, the doctor came out with an unreadable look on his face. The surgery had been a long, stressful seven hours, “Novak?”
Taking the hand that was around his waist, Dean pulled it over his shoulder, helping Cas walk back to his room, “You want to talk about this?”
“Sure thing, baby.” Cas quickly grabbed the lube and slicked up his length before smoothly pushing into Dean. Cas grabbed onto his boyfriend’s hips and rocked into him. They were both desperate for release so when Cas started to roughly fuck Dean, neither of them were complaining.
Coldly holding out a clipboard, Dean ordered, “Sit. Fill these out.”
D: ‘Sounds good.’
Cas preened at the praise and buried his face in Dean’s neck, gently nuzzling against him, “D—Dean. Please don’t stop.” Cas’s hips jerked and stilled as he came over both of them, after a few more strokes, Dean followed him with a groan, “Fuck… Cas. You’re so perfect.”
You could hear a pin drop as Cas stood shell-shocked, “Oh my god.”
For the first time in a long time, Dean went to work with a smile on his face.
Dean ran his hand through his short sandy, blonde hair and tried not to stare at Castiel’s piercing blue eyes, “Oh… well, just be careful. You know how some of the upperclassmen can be.” Surprisingly, it was Castiel who answered, “Don’t worry, I’ll watch over him.”
Dean smiled against Cas’s neck, breathing in the clean scent of his shampoo, “Don’t apologize. How are you this fine morning?”
It was eleven o’clock when Dean texted Cas again, praying he was still awake.
On their own account, Dean’s feet followed the doctor to a small, empty, quiet waiting room. Dean doesn’t remember sitting down. He doesn’t remember the doctor starting to talk to him.
Through his hyperventilation and sobs, Cas woke up and swung at whoever was trying to grab him. His fist made contact with Dean’s nose and his blood started flowing almost immediately. Dean grabbed his nose in pain and yelled, “FUCK!”
She climbed on the rocks, looking for “magical sea creatures” that may be hiding there. Watching her goof around was giving Dean mini-heart attacks. Even though he was only a very short distance—really only an arm’s length away from her—he still needed to remind her, “Hey, be careful girly. The rocks are wet.”
Cas turned towards him, his blue eyes looking completely floored, “I—I’m sorry… what did you just say?”
Cas put his hand on Annie’s head and sweetly smiled at her, “Bye my love, Gabe will pick you up later.” Looking back at Dean’s shining green eyes and pretty face, Cas awkwardly smiled, “Have a nice day, Dean.”
Dean smiled at him and squeezed his hand, “You happy, sweetheart?”
Immediately pushing their fight out of his head, Gabe put a hand on Cas’s shoulder, “What is it?”
Dean drops the front of Cas’s jacket. He silently put the Impala into drive and without saying another word or even looking at Cas, Dean drove him home.
Cas loves when Dean sucks dark marks on his neck, he loves when Dean grabs onto his hips and tells him how good he is, more than anything he loves being overwhelmed with just Dean.
When Cas got home ten minutes later, he wrapped Anna in a big hug, “Hello, love. What have you been up to tonight?”
Dean stood up and quickly ran to the bathroom to grab a towel. He cleaned off his face as she walked back into his bedroom, “It’s okay. You hit like a girl anyway.” The last part was said as a joke but Dean wasn’t about to tell Cas that was a lie because… goddamn, that kid had a good right hook.
She shyly answered, not making too much eye contact, “Yeah, my big brother Castiel and I just moved to town.” They made friendly small talk about Anna's classes until Mr. Wyatt decided to start the lesson for today.
Cas licked him until Dean was practically sobbing, “Cas… please. I need more. I need you to fuck me.”
Dean’s entire body felt like electricity as he ran his hands up Cas’s beautiful muscular thighs; he hooked his thumbs under the waistband on Cas’s pajamas, roughly tugging them off. His mouth salivated at his sight of Cas’s long, thick, leaving cock; he gladly took him into his mouth.
Third, was the day they had to put Abby down. It was a Saturday morning and unfortunately, Dean was needed at the auto shop. Cas got up and tried to get Abby up for a walk. When she didn’t get up, instead just placed her head back down and let out a weak whine… Cas knew. Abby was eleven and growing grey, both Dean, and Cas knew this was coming but it still seemed impossible. Cas sat on the living room floor with her head on his lap as he pulled out his phone and called Dean.
D: ‘Don’t sext me while I’m sitting in front of your daughter.’
But Dean had different ideas. The second Cas started to back off, Dean latched himself onto Cas’s jacket, deepening their kiss. The feeling of excitement and pleasure running hot through his veins.
When Cas replied, Dean almost had a fucking stroke at his answer, “I took the subway.”
What Dean didn’t expect to hear was the shaking tone of Cas’s voice, “Sir, it’s Cas. I know it’s late, I’m really sorry but I’m taking the subway home and… I think somebody is following me. I don’t know what to do.”
They were all chatting about what happened when Mary and John walked into the room. Everyone but Cas stood up to hug Dean’s parents, when it was his turn, he politely shook their hands, “It’s so nice to finally meet you. I’m sorry it’s under these circumstances though.”
Castiel chuckled, starting to walk to a nice piece of grass for them to sit on. He grabbed Dean’s wrist when it became clear the familiar wasn’t going to look away from their surroundings, not wanting Dean to accidentally fall into the lake because he’d been too busy staring at the sky. The feeling of Dean’s skin under his palm was indescribable, but Castiel forced himself to continue rather than letting himself get overtaken by the feeling.
