In the distance he could hear muffled whimpers and he shot out of bed, only taking time to put on his dressing gown before running straight to the bathroom where the sound seemed to be coming from.
Sherlock only managed a slight nod this time, and used what little strength he had left to hold his shirt out of the way. Every time he tried to speak he felt as though there wasn’t enough air in his lungs to get the words out. He wanted to talk to the paramedics and tell them that he’d been sleeping when everything had started, that an annoying cough had awoken him and that Mrs Hudson’s delivery of tea and biscuits may very well have saved his life, because there was no way he would have been able to call for help. But he just couldn’t get the words out. His body was barely getting enough oxygen for him to stay conscious, let alone to hold an intelligent conversation.
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest but Lestrade cut him off.
He heard Sherlock groaning in pain and looked down at the detective to see him once again clutching at his chest with his free hand. It was clear that breathing was becoming a more arduous affair as the seconds went by. John just wanted the ambulance to get there. Sherlock needed to go to the hospital, there was nothing John could do for him here except keep him awake, and he could see Sherlock wasn’t going to be able to do that for much longer and it worried him.
John moaned in response but managed to sit up slightly on the sofa. Sherlock was left to do most of the work. He propped John up against a few pillows and took off his jacket which he folded over the chair on top of his own. He also checked over John’s head quickly and then pecked him on the lips which seemed to finally bring John back to consciousness.
“You didn’t honestly think you were going to spend your birthday at home, did you?” Before John had a chance to answer Lestrade shoved John’s coat at him and nearly pushed him out the door.
Sherlock resigned himself to the fact that he had to tell John his story. "I was in France," he started, "going after one of Moriarty's men. I'd been chasing him from country to country for weeks but I kept losing him. I had to find him before he discovered I was alive and carried out his orders. He was the one assigned to take out Lestrade, and I was afraid he would go back to London to kill him, or worse, that he would reveal my secret and you and Mrs Hudson would die as well."
"How is he?"
Sherlock suddenly stopped. He felt dizzy and hot. Too hot even given the circumstances. He sat back of his heels and tried to look at John through his blurred vision.
“Probably, yes.”
“I’ll be sure to do that,” Sherlock grinned.
"You're out of practice," Sherlock mocked, though he did run his hand gently up and down John's back.
His phone was on the table along with an empty mug of tea. He walked over, pulled the folded blanket from under John's feet and draped it over his sleeping form. He laid a soft kiss on John's forehead but it seemed that was enough to wake him up.
Hours later, as they lay in bed ready to fall asleep again with Sherlock cocooned under John's arm and their hands joined together on top of John's chest, they both finally seemed to realize how utterly content they would be to just lay in each other’s arms for the rest of their lives. A realization that sparked something in Sherlock's mind, as realizations often did.
"You know me so well, John," Sherlock smirked.
Sherlock couldn’t help the resonating moan that left his mouth. He had spent so long dreaming about this moment, wondering what John would be like in bed, thinking about every touch and caress they would share. “John,” he groaned quietly, not even knowing what he wanted to say.
When he heard his phone go off he jumped out of the sofa in anticipation, hoping it was Lestrade calling about a case.
"Yes," John replied, thankful for the change of subject, "I looked for him all afternoon and when I came home I found him here, just waiting for me."
John held off sleep just long enough to hear Sherlock’s reply, uttered in the quiet of the night, right next to his ear.
After Lestrade left John turned around to find that Sherlock had finished his dinner. John went upstairs quickly and when he came back he had his medical kit with him.
"My ribs," he moaned.
He had been in the middle of a meeting when he received the news and had left as soon as he could. He always meant it when he said he worried about Sherlock. No matter how difficult or unique their relationship may be Sherlock was his brother, and he loved him. They were both rather uncomfortable with any show of sentiment, but deep down they both knew the truth, but they kept up the guise of disgruntled brothers. Mycroft was starting to think that John could see right through it, regardless of how many times he questioned Sherlock on their sibling rivalry.
"Just one day, Lestrade. Please," he pleaded.
"I just wanted to get some air. I've been confined to this stupid bed for ages and I thought I'd take advantage of the fact that I can finally move."
Sherlock grabbed him by the back of the neck and pulled him in for a long kiss. John wasn't one for public displays of affection but after days spent sleeping alone and barely talking to Sherlock he was glad to have his detective back.
"You, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade."
"John, wait!" Sherlock almost shouted.
“Sherlock Homes, this is the last time I’m asking you, what’s wrong?”
John wrapped Sherlock's arm over his shoulders and wrapped his own around Sherlock's waist, effectively freeing Lestrade, and brought him over to the sofa, laying him down gently. He went over to the kitchen, heated up Sherlock's dinner and brought it over to him. All the while no one said a single word; John too angry, Sherlock too tired and Lestrade too hesitant.
He was snapped out of his reverie by the warm pressure of John's lips on his neck and a slight nudge. Sherlock took the hint quickly enough and maneuver himself within reach of John's mouth. He then pulled John down for a long languid kiss. They stayed like that for a long time; Sherlock embraced by John, their mouths moving together as one in a comfortable cadence. Sherlock had cupped John's face with his left hand and John was rubbing soothing circles on Sherlock's back. After a while they broke apart, once again interrupted by their bodies' tedious need of oxygen. Sherlock lay his head gently back down on John's chest and felt the oscillation created when he spoke.
Lauren looked over at him for a few seconds, trying to work out if he was in the right state of mind to be doing anything. “Are you John?”
After a couple of hours John felt himself nodding off. It was 3am and he was glad it was Saturday so that he could have a lay in the next day. He was thinking of reducing his hours at the clinic. Sherlock was back to work now and he needed him and John hated the idea of being at the clinic while Sherlock was away working on exciting cases, although he still needed something outside of Sherlock's work for himself. He hadn't gotten the job at the clinic just because he needed the money; he enjoyed being a doctor and treating people, even if it was a bit mundane, it served to ground him to reality and everyday life.
He watched as Sherlock tried to roll his hips and match John’s thrusts, but John wasn’t making it easy for him. Every time Sherlock tried to meet his thrust John pulled back just slightly. Sherlock’s frustration was only turning him on even more.
They had spent hours in bed, only falling asleep as the Sun came up and dim light was streaming in through the window. They were both naked atop the sheets, having succumbed to sleep, tired from the case and their late night activities, before either had a chance to slip under the covers. Sherlock had wrapped his arms around John's waist and laid his head on his lap and John had drifted off running his hands through his hair. It was that same way now that he woke up.
His worry had started to lessen a few weeks after his return seeing as John seemed happy with the way their relationship was going, but the niggling worry was always in the back of his mind.
After a couple of minutes John broke away and kissed Sherlock quickly. “C’mon, let’s go to bed.”
John signalled for him to enter and they both made their way up the stairs. John was about to tell Mycroft that he wasn't sure Sherlock would be ready or willing to see him when he spotted the detective in the exact same position he had found him in last night. Sherlock had put his dressing gown back on and was once again perched on the window smoking a cigarette.
"John?"
Lestrade was standing over him with his hand on his shoulder and wearing a concerned look on his face. "Are you alright, John?"
John sighed in resignation. "Fine. I'll be back in a couple of hours. Text me if anything changes."
“You have me,” John replied. “You have me in every way possible.”
“Sherlock, please!” John pleaded. He hated seeing Sherlock in pain, especially when there was something he could do about it. “At least to alleviate the first symptoms.”
John hopped out of bed and went to the kitchen to gather some ice packs, which he had luckily thought to buy before Sherlock came back home, and a towel. He then remembered Sherlock's medication and somehow managed to balance the ice packs, the towel, the tablets and the glass of water and made his way back upstairs. He handed the tablets to Sherlock along with the glass of water and Sherlock took them without question and handed them back to John.
John sighed and made breakfast just for himself but still prepared some tea for Sherlock. It was the one thing he could convince him to have when he was working on a case. He left it on Sherlock's desk and start preparing himself for work.
Matt counted Sherlock’s respiratory rate, unhappy with the results he had. “He’s in respiratory distress; he’s tachypnoeic and cyanotic. Do you want the cannulation kit?”
John chuckled, and Sherlock's curls bounced lightly. "Do you ever stop?"
The sleeping detective mumbled incoherently and buried his head further down, thus leaving the back of his neck completely exposed, a fact which John quickly took advantage of. Leaning down towards the detective John let go of his shoulder and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist and left a trail of soft kisses across the man's neck. Sherlock moaned and shifted in his chair.
After a few long seconds he broke the kiss and whispered quietly in the detective's ear. "I wouldn't have it any other way."
John just continued gaping, he couldn't believe Sherlock had sacrificed himself for them, for his friend. John knew that he cared for them, but he never knew how far he was willing to go to protect them. "So you jumped to protect us." He felt Sherlock nod against him and continued. "But you survived... how did you survive, Sherlock? I saw you jump, I saw your blood on the pavement, I took your pulse. You didn't have one!" he yelled.
"That would be lovely. He'll get bored just sitting at home and there's no way he's going back to work until that concussion's fully healed."
"I'll see what I can do," John replied and walked out of the room to speak to Sherlock's doctor.
Sherlock only grinned and did it again.
Sherlock seemed reluctant to explain to John why they were going out or where they were going. Was it possible that his conversation with Lestrade had upset him enough that he needed to clear his head? Sherlock was the type to go out just to think- or not think, depending on the case- but usually he went by himself. Why would he want John here?
"Could you get that out of the oven?"
Instead of replying John walked over to stand in front of Sherlock and started running his hands through the detective’s still wet curls doing his best to try to tame them in place. He would take any excuse he could to play with Sherlock’s hair, and the detective didn’t seem to mind either. He had his head in John’s chest as he continued running his hands through it slowly untangling it and watching as it curled back into place once his hands moved.
After dinner he laid down on the sofa, waiting for Sherlock to return. He was tired and if Sherlock were here he would probably go to bed, but he didn't want to sleep until the detective arrived. He only realized he'd dozed off when he heard shuffling on the stairs.
"Would everyone just stop telling me to calm down!" John stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Sherlock scrunching his eyes and hissing in pain. He ran over to the bed and put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "What's wrong?"
"Of course you are," John laughed.
“Fuuuck, Sherlock,” John moaned. “I mean it.” He took a steadying breath and tried to calm himself down, but they were both too keyed up.
Sherlock moaned as John began licking his way down his neck. As much as John had fantasised about this moment he hadn’t thought about how much he would love all the little noises Sherlock was making. He was delighting in the gasps and bitten off moans coming out of his flatmate’s mouth as he bit into the pale flesh.
"I think I will," John said as he unraveled Sherlock's dressing gown which immediately fell open displaying Sherlock fully to him. John's hand snaked down from Sherlock's chest all the way to the elastic band of his pants. "It's more than you wore at Buckingham Palace," he noted.
John was about to say 'I told you so' but didn't even have time to get the words out before the detective's eyes rolled back in his head and he suddenly went limp. John cursed under his breath and lay Sherlock down gently on the bed, covering him up with his dressing gown. He removed the pillow from underneath his head and placed it instead under his feet. He hoped Sherlock would regain consciousness quickly; he should have given him something to eat the night before, but he looked so tired that John wanted nothing more than to let him sleep and this morning he had been a little too distracted to try to force Sherlock to eat his breakfast.
"I know."
"But John," Sherlock whined, "I'm bored, and my concussion is fully healed. There's no reason why I shouldn't be able to work."
He felt Sherlock thrust his hips in time with John's in an unspoken request for John to go faster. And so he did. He quickened the pace, slipping in and out of Sherlock with ease, each thrust bringing a wave of earth-shattering pleasure to both of them.
"I thought you were meant to be examining me."
Suddenly the two started shouting at one another. The boy started backing away from his mother, clearly overwhelmed with the argument and all the strangers surrounding the house.
They both sat down and dug into their food. John was starving since he hadn't had much time to eat today and seeing as he himself was planning on making something for dinner he hadn't eaten on the way home either. Sherlock was also hungry and they barely said anything while they ate. John broke the silence a couple of times to congratulate Sherlock once again on his cooking and his ability to keep everything from John.
“Of course I did, it’s our anniversary! Just take it, it doesn’t bite. And no deducing, just open the damn thing.”
"Now going to the hospital," he shouted as he unlocked the door after leaving the tray in front of the stairs. He didn't want to take more time than he had to, he wanted to see Sherlock now.
Sherlock helped him sit up slowly, his hand positioned on John’s back for support. John’s hands grasped Sherlock’s free arm, trying to hold on to something as a wave of vertigo washed over him. Once he was finally sitting up he took a deep breath and looked at the detective.
They strolled out of the cab and John leaned slightly on Sherlock as they made their way to the door, something the detective didn't miss.
"I was away," Sherlock said hesitantly, "taking case of Moriarty's network."
John spun Sherlock around so that they were facing each other. "What part of 'I'll be here if anything happens' did you not understand?"
He was perched on the ledge, his dressing gown slowly slipping off his shoulders, cigarette held between his fingers. For the next fifteen minutes he managed to burn his way through another three cigarettes until he heard a quiet creaking on the stairs. John was awake. He didn't bother trying to hide the cigarette he was currently smoking or the packet that was still in the pocket of his dressing gown. No doubt the scent in the room would inform John as to what he was doing.
They were tucked beneath the sheets, Sherlock's head resting on John's chest. "Just try to get some sleep, I'll be here if anything happens." John told him, hoping that the small reminder would be enough to keep the nightmares away for at least one night.
"Sleepy."
John moved forward once again, on his hands and knees, and crawled forward until he was close to Sherlock. He closed the small gap between them and joined his lips to Sherlock's, tongues playing out, small nips being delivered. While John was distracted Sherlock's hand snuck into the drawer and he took out the lube. He coated his left hand with it and dropped it on the floor and then brought his hand between John's legs.
"Yes?" John prompted, trying to quell his rising panic. Sherlock was getting worse by the second. He was becoming more confused and his breathing was too shallow, even considering his probably broken ribs. He needed to get to the hospital now.
"I'm fine, John. It was just uncomfortable," Sherlock replied. "It was worth it though."
“It’s not a special day, and it’s been fine so far, thank you for asking,” Sherlock replied rather more sarcastically than usual. “It would be even better if you were to focus on the case and answer my question.”
It was then that John realized his eyes were closed. He slowly opened them and noted that the bottle of whisky was gone. A quick look around the room showed him that the currently half empty bottle was on the floor next to his chair, almost as if someone had pried it out of his hands and placed it there. He threw his head back on the chair and took a deep breath. What he heard next made his blood run cold.
"Lie down," he instructed.
"And I love you," Sherlock answered. "Did you really mean all of that? We're coming out together?"
"Oh, no, no," John stammered, coming to sit by Sherlock on the sofa.
"There was no wind, no storm. This branch simply fell, terrified the horses. Could you help me move it?" the man asked.
"What do I say?" John echoed.
The princes were James, Richard, and Jim. The last three surviving sons of King Moriarty of Stormhold. He was dying and would pass as soon as the new king had been named. Jim was the most ruthless of the three, as well as Richard's twin. His baby brother had lasted so long because Jim protected him from danger, deciding to avoid killing the one person who seemed to trust him completely. James, however, had no qualms about killing off his brothers. He had already poisoned and simply murdered several.
John stopped dead in his tracks, unable to keep from staring at the perfect, pale bow and arrow lips as they seemed to caress the icy treat. Then came the tongue. Oh, the tongue! Quick, pink flesh darting around the popsicle and occasionally licking away bits of melting ice and syrup that fell onto Sherlock's lips. John didn't even notice at first that he wasn't breathing, letting out a soft sigh after a few moments. Then he felt it. The stirring in his incredibly thin clothes. Was it the cool air hitting him or...... Oh. Oh, he knew exactly what it was. Seeing Sherlock's delicate, perfect lips and his tongue darting around the long, cool popsicle, he couldn't help but think of how those lips, that tongue would look and feel against his cock.
"What? What is it?" Sherlock demanded, eyes focused on Mycroft.
"Of course I do!" John insisted, his face heating up a bit. "I just meant.....well, I didn't know if it was true. I mean.....you could have a girlfriend or--"
Why can't I move on?
Thunder boomed around them once more and a flash of light could be seen in the distance. The crew jumped into action, the captain barking commands as his sailors ran around the deck.
"That was beautiful," John murmured as the song came to an end.
Sherlock smirked, relaxing. "That's all right. This was so much better."
Little did he know that above him on the mountain was the witch Irene in her chariot, seeking the same treasure for her own reasons.
"It is my father's Topaz. Mine now. You carry the Power of Stormhold," the prince explained.
Tonight, Rosie had come to Sherlock's room after having a nightmare. Mary, having heard the fuss, came in to check on her and they'd all ended up in Sherlock's bed until Rosie fell asleep. Mary had dozed off as well, since it was the middle of the night. But Sherlock, unable to sleep, slipped out of bed with a sigh. Heading to the sitting room, he made his way over to the large window where his violin sat, picking it up and beginning to play a rather sad tune he'd heard when Rosie was watching cartoons.
When he came to Sherlock, he couldn't help but grin. The tall, lanky man looked almost comical holding his feet up like this. And though he knew the pose and breathing were near perfect now, John lingered a bit more than necessary.
"In the end," John answered with a shrug. "Who was that old biddy? She seemed familiar. Was anything wrong?"
The pair cuddled for a while until John began to chuckle a bit.
"It was your right not to kiss me," John argued. "I didn't come here to make you sad, Mary. I didn't find you your star to make you miserable."
"I'm afraid not. Until I see my brother's corpse on the ground, I shall drink only my own wine and eat food I have prepared myself. So if I might trouble you to place this bottle of wine by the fire to take the chill from it?" Richard asked, handing her a bottle. "Now, I have a companion who is attending to the horses and has sworn no such oath. If you could send him some burnt ale to take the chill from his bones. I'll pay."
"I live here, love," John chuckled, stepping into the room. He couldn't deny the fact that seeing Sherlock naked aroused him, but he tried not to show it, assuming Sherlock just wasn't interested in having sex that way. "What're you doing in here? We're supposed to go out for lunch, remember?"
"I bloody love yoga," was the last thing muttered before they drifted off.
"A young man, if I'm not mistaken, Sherlock," the woman chuckled. "I'm Mary. Mary Morstan."
But soon, Sherlock had his answer. John did want to hide it, even though he loved Sherlock. And not a week later, there was a new story in the paper.
The woman sighed, shaking her head. "No, not yet. You become used to it, in time," she answered.
"He's dead!" she cried. "I didn't......I only came to spend the evening with him."
"I'd like that."
"Oh!" Mummy Holmes gasped as she saw what was behind the door. "Oh, Sherlock..."
"You killed him!" Sherlock gasped, getting to his feet.
"We are past the cares of the world," James the Elder stated, but Jim huffed.
"Give it to me!" the woman demanded.
Irene was a step ahead though, pulling out a knife of her own. "Here's an edge for you, meddler," she snapped, jumping forward and slicing Richard's neck quickly.
Victor was one of the city's most eligible men. But even still, the Holmes family was reluctant to just send Sherlock off with someone. Instead, they decided to wait. 'When Sherlock is older' they always said. Even though he was already an adult.
"But...I would've taken you through. I tried to last night. And you would've let me?" John asked.
"Sir, I'm one of the best suitors for your son, if you'll excuse my saying so. And he isn't getting any younger. Please, let me marry him. I'll take him off of your hands and show you he can be a proper young man instead of a wild man," claimed Victor Trevor.
Finally, the unicorn moved to let him through and John ran back to the inn.
"Is that so?"
"What do people have then, in their 'real lives'?" he grumbled condescendingly, as though "real life" was below him.
Sherlock glanced around and scoffed. "Not particularly."
"Oh," John replied, shoulders sagging a bit. "Right. Well congrats, mate."
"Never mind. I'll see her soon," John dismissed, continuing their journey.
"I've given my heart to another," he admitted.
"Don't you want more time with your family?" Sherlock asked.
"He's just an ordinary man, brother mine. Give it time and you'll move on to someone much more.....suited to the Holmes name," Mycroft insisted.
"The horses are reluctant to take this mountain path. But it is here that I will find what I seek," Richard muttered.
"Oh, Sherlock. I've said my goodbyes," John explained.
John was absolutely horrified by this revelation. How could he not have thought about this? Everything beyond the Wall was so amazing and unusual and magical, while everything in the village was so...ordinary.
"I am! And the air conditioning is on the highest setting!" Sherlock replied.
"Hm....Let me look at you," she insisted, looking him over. "You seem honest enough. I'm on my way to the Wall, for the market. I was thinking I'd welcome a boy to work my little flower shop. I sell glass flowers, you see? Prettiest things you ever did see. Now, what do you say?"
"Go on," Emma encouraged.
"Breakfast would be wonderful," John replied with a smile. "And seeing Mum again. We must talk."
"Harry? You....You've grown....Into a fine young lady," John told her in amazement.
"He seems good hearted," the woman murmured, chuckling as John babbled in his sleep.
"Oh, please don't. Get up," she insisted, and he did. "Look at you. You've become a man. And your hand. What happened?"
"Where shall I put our guest?" Billy questioned as he brought Sherlock inside.
"Oh," Sherlock sighed, having hoped it was something else.
Sherlock was strung out on a hospital bed after his last high. Mycroft hated seeing his brother like this, knowing the drugs would eventually kill him. But of course, they were both just as stubborn as their parents, if not more. And Sherlock was refusing to budge.
"I do not know," Sherlock admitted, something he hated to say. "Perhaps. I am called Sherlock."
"It looks very exotic. Not something from around here. Perhaps it belongs to that caravan, with the two mules," Sherlock thought aloud, pointing to the caravan.
john huffed, heading for the door of the caravan to leave. Sherlock woke behind him, following him to the door.
As they shook hands, thunder sounded in the distance. Clearly not a good sign, especially when one is in the clouds.
"What is she doing to that poor bird now?" John sighed, looking back.
"Goodbyes?"
John looked it over, eyes widening a bit. "It looks like a topaz," he commented. "They're quite valuable."
"Who do you suppose I am?" she asked.
"Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes," the star answered.
"Are you having a nice time?"
The witches were Molly Hooper, Sally Donovan, and Irene Adler. Without the magic contained in a star's heart, they were all old, ugly hags. But as soon as even a sliver of the heart was consumed, they could be beautiful, vivacious women again. Unfortunately, it wasn't every night that a star fell. So when one did, they had to rush to get it. There was only enough left this time for one of them to make the journey, so Irene went. Eating what was left of the last star they'd captured, she regained her youthfulness and beauty before leaving to find the first fallen star for the past 200 years. Molly and Sally remained in their cottage, preparing for when the star would be brought to them for the removal of her heart.
"So who did I meet?" John questioned, trying to get even the slightest bit of an answer from him.
"I think it's my new favourite," Sherlock admitted with a smile, then got to his feet. "It's getting late. Why don't you stay?" he suggested, offering John a hand. "Perhaps we can do more yoga in the morning. There's a spare room, if you'll be needing it. But my room is right through there," he pointed out, showing John the door. "Or if you like, you can stay on the sofa, though that may exacerbate your injury. A bed is likely to be much more suitable."
Sherlock stopped, frowning down at John. "What do you mean? Isn't it obvious? I'm having sex with you and giving you everything you want," he insisted, then sighed as he sat back on his legs. "Isn't this what one does to make his boyfriend gain interest again?"
Rosie didn't say a word, just sitting in Sherlock's lap and cuddling him. Neither of them spoke for a long while, just taking comfort in one another. Finally, a small voice spoke.
"Perhaps. But it does not matter to me," the woman replied. "This is the last of these markets I shall ever attend."
After a moment, they both burst into giggles at the absurdity of it all. John managed to drop his yoga mat while Sherlock sat back in his chair so he wouldn't fall over.
"Yes, yes!" John cried back. "In need of assistance!"
"I'm hungry. Aren't you?" the blond huffed.
It's over, isn't it?
"John," the detective replied suddenly, focus shifting to just him. "What would you consider a boyfriend?"
"Oh my, dear! You're frigid!" Martha gasped. "Then it's to the slops chest first. This way."
"I, um......A certain muscle seems to be....tensing," Sherlock commented with a slight cough, glancing at his groin.
"Mr. Lestrade!" John greeted with a smile.
"You could be the first," John replied firmly.
"Listen then, John Watson. There is a man who looks identical to me, but much more savage and thinner than I. He is called Jim. If you ever see him, run and hide. Should you oppose him, he will not hesitate to kill you. Or perhaps, to use you as his instrument to kill me and claim the throne," Richard warned.
Sherlock laughed, which unfortunately brought on a round of rather painful coughing which literally made him stop in his tracks. John helped by supporting him until the coughing finally subsided. "Take a deep breath," he ordered.
"I'll get it, don't worry."
Sherlock only hummed in response, too tired to reply properly. John tried to fight sleep for as long as he could, worried that Sherlock’s migraine would worsen again and he would be left alone to fight through it, but sleep won out in the end.
"And you're drinking coffee at," John looked at the time, "11pm?"
"If you think it's necessary."
He quickened the pace and felt Sherlock gasp in pleasure. The moans, though still slightly muffled, were getting louder and louder as John pushed Sherlock to the very edge once again. Finally, Sherlock could no longer contain himself. Letting go of the sheets he grabbed the pillow and pulled it over his face muffling his moans as John brought him to the peak of excitement. As the shudders racking his body subsided and his breathing started evening out he threw the pillow to the bottom of the bed and sighed in contentment. He looked over at John who was sitting back on his heels, still positioned between Sherlock's legs, and smiled. Even though Sherlock had had these experiences before none of them compared to what he'd just had with John. Nothing and no one ever compared to John.
When he woke up again he looked down at Sherlock to see a pair of eyes staring intently at him. Sherlock's hands were clutching at John's who were now resting on the detective's pale and exposed chest. When Sherlock saw John looking down at him he smiled a sleepy smile back at John's radiant one.
John grunted slightly and curled up under Sherlock’s arm even more, but Sherlock’s was having none of it. He needed John to wake up now. “Wake up, John! Please!”
"And you shall rest more before you're allowed to leave, Sherlock. Do try not to be difficult," said Mycroft.
“Yes, I was an army doctor,” he explained, as he squeezed Sherlock’s free hand tightly. “You have to breathe, Sherlock. I know it’s boring, but you have to.”
"I'm fine with that," Sherlock said as he dragged John into a cab, "but right now Lestrade is waiting for us at the crime scene."
The detective laid his head on the pillow and smiled encouragingly at John. It wasn't the first time for either of them, but it was their first time together. It was clear that they were both a little nervous, but what was important was that they both felt comfortable.
"Oh, nothing," John tried to dismiss, but Sherlock gave him a look that clearly said that he knew it wasn't true. "I think I pulled a muscle in my back."
Sherlock's head lay in John's lap, his legs stretched and his feet dangling off the edge of the bed. John himself was nearly sitting up against the headboard, his hands resting on Sherlock's soft curls. The night before, after Sherlock found John at the pub, had been spent entirely in bed where they had stroked and kissed every inch of the others body, reveling in the sensations under their fingertips and the sounds elicited from lips muffled by the soft sheets and pillows.
John leaned over Sherlock and kissed him softly on the lips. "It's what I'm here for. Would you like some tea?"
He shook his head attempting to clear those thoughts from his mind and stood up, momentarily forgetting his hangover, and swayed slightly. Sitting back down on the sofa he took a minute to steady himself. He put his head down against his chest and tried to control his breathing. It was at this point that he spotted something made out of blue material lying on the floor and he reached out his hand to grab it. Just as he realized what it was memories from last night assaulted him and a single thought reverberated in his mind. Sherlock was alive!
John stood quietly at the door, contemplating whether or not to wake Sherlock up, but before a decision could be made Sherlock himself interrupted.
Arriving home he noted that Sherlock was suspiciously absent from the living room and a search of the rest of the house showed that he wasn't there either. After getting his laptop to update his blog John text him.
Sherlock shook his head quickly, not wanting to worry John. “Nothing’s wrong,” he said, and watched as John visibly relaxed. “I just thought you should know, before we start, that I’ve never done this before.”
He made his way up to their flat for the first time in two days. He couldn't help but think that the last time he had been here he was with Sherlock, and everything had been fine.
"Thirdly you had one slip up, you've been doing great since and lastly, why are you apologising about the accident? It wasn't your fault."
They deposited Sherlock on the trolley which was waiting for them right in front of 221B. They all ignored the stares of curious passer-by’s, focussing instead on getting Sherlock out of the cold and into the ambulance.
"I missed you, John. I missed you so much," Sherlock managed to say between kisses.
Lauren hoped she was being overcautious as she inserted another IV into Sherlock’s other arm, but it was always better to be prepared for the worst. While doing so she watched John, noting that a steely resolve had settled on his face. This man appeared unshaken as he watched the proceedings in front of him. But Lauren knew that beneath that mask John must be completely overwhelmed with worry. Army doctor or not, it was never the same when it was someone you loved.
John laughed. “You’re really not, unless you’re thinking. Are you thinking?”
John smirked from his position and decided to put Sherlock out of his misery. He stood up straight and started moving his hands all over Sherlock's arse and looking the detective straight in the eye. "And you love it."
"Obviously."
“Are you ready?” Lestrade asked.
John swallowed, trying to keep the tears at bay. It wasn’t often that he cried, if at all, but the proposal and now the ring- which for some reason he hadn’t been expecting- brought all these emotions tumbling down around him and he could barely control himself. He nodded slightly.
He couldn't wait to go back to Baker Street. He hated being in the hospital, though he recognized how necessary it may have been. He didn't like the fact that when he was in the hospital his every move was controlled by a number of doctors and nurses who told him to sleep all the time, and worse, dictated when he could see John. Being away from John was the worst part about being stuck in a hospital. Even though he spent most of his time here with Sherlock it was different than being in the comfort of their own home stretched across their sofa watching telly or discussing a case, though his current position definitely made him feel more at home than anything he'd done while at the hospital.
Mycroft shifted slightly, though whether he was taken by surprise at the abruptness of the question or the question itself John couldn't tell. "I'm afraid you'll have to be more specific."
Molly ended up staying for nearly two hours. Sherlock was pleased with the company, as was Molly, and they spent most of the time discussing Sherlock's deductions of the staff and patients they could see until Sherlock's doctor came in and told him they were about to remove his chest tube.
“Sherlock, I-”
"What's the matter?" he asked, sleep evident in his voice.
After a short pause he continued, curiosity getting the better of him.
"Let me guess," John said, "Lestrade called you in and you forgot to eat or take any food with you and even when you started feeling like crap you stayed because you were bored of just sitting around the flat."
“Hello,” he answered.
John put his medical kit away and went to the kitchen to fetch Sherlock's medication. He put them on the table along with a glass of water and Sherlock gulped both down straight away.
"I say it's well overdue."
Sherlock couldn’t contain the whimper that came out of his mouth at John’s words. He gripped him by the back of the head and crushed their lips together. John barely had time to process what was happening before Sherlock was jumping out of the sofa and dragging John along with him.
The night went surprisingly well, Sherlock- mostly- refraining from deducing all of John's friends and even having a couple of drinks with them. John had more than a couple, but he wasn't quite drunk yet. Nevertheless he missed Sherlock and as soon as they breached the threshold of 221 Baker Street John had him up against the wall.
"Lots. Go. Evidence. Now."
John came home on Friday to an empty flat. This surprised him because Sherlock rarely went out, and whenever he did he always text John first. After putting the kettle on he sat down on his chair and pulled his phone out.
They managed to both have a shower and not get Sherlock's cast wet. John was left to do most of the work, which didn't bother him, and after their shower John quickly got dressed, leaving Sherlock to dress himself as per his request, and went downstairs to make breakfast.
He figured Sherlock would have gone to Mycroft for help. It must certainly be easier to fake one's death when one's brother was practically the British government. The last time John had spoken to Mycroft was a week after Sherlock's death. He had come over to Baker Street to apologize once again for having told Moriarty everything about Sherlock. But John had been so numbed from the pain, racked with guilt at not being able to talk Sherlock down from that ledge, that he had simply ignored Mycroft until he went away.
"Do you need me to call someone?"
It wasn't an entirely new feeling. This kind of thing had happened before, but this time it felt different. Whenever Sherlock would act particularly reckless on a case and get himself injured John would always take care of him at home and Sherlock would often end up falling asleep on the nearest comfortable surface which sometimes happened to be John's bed. Those nights John would stay up and watch Sherlock for a few moments, making sure his friend was still alive and fighting the urge to run his hands through the detective's curls in a rare show affection which Sherlock would surely despise. This time, however, John didn't think that would be enough. He needed to reassure himself of his friend's presence, needed to feel Sherlock's pulse beneath his fingers as definite proof that he was really there, and really alive.
The first thing he felt was the pain.
“But, Sherlock-” John started, “Sherlock, are you coming?”
“Sherlock?” he called out softly, not wanting to startle him, but the detective kept staring ahead. Lestrade put his hand on his shoulder and called out to him again. “Sherlock?”
John continued rubbing his neck for a few more minutes before getting up to make dinner. “Does this mean you’ll actually come to bed with me tonight then?” John asked from the kitchen.
"You weren't meant to."
“No, I’m staying here. Go out, have fun. I’ll be here when you get back,” he said reassuringly and kissed John lightly before nudging him towards the waiting Lestrade.
"What about the men?"
It was clear that Lestrade wanted John out of the room, for one reason or another. "I don't know what you're going to say, but be nice," he warned, before squeezing Sherlock's hand in reassurance and kissing the top of his head.
"You..." John stammered, "you made dinner?"
John's smile lit up at Sherlock's confession. It wasn't often that they had these conversations, but when they did he was always taken aback by Sherlock's admissions.
"My pleasure," John replied and his hand finally moved underneath Sherlock's pants. For the next few minutes all that could be heard in the flat were Sherlock's breathless moans muffled by John's mouth on his. They'd both missed this. The pleasure. The intimacy. The intensity. It wasn't long before Sherlock was writhing and moaning until John finally pushed him over the edge with one final firm stroke.
"Third," Sherlock corrected.
“May I?” he asked.
John chuckled to himself, happy to see Sherlock in such a good mood. He made himself a cup of tea and then sat quietly in his chair sipping it. Today had been hectic and he'd had to stay behind well after hours to take care of some paperwork. He was tired and he just wanted to relax and not have to worry about anything for the next couple of days. After finishing his tea he placed the mug in the sink and walked up the stairs to their room.
"Why would I do such a thing?"
The paramedics watched worriedly as Sherlock started flagging. He was slouched on the sofa, head lolled to the side as he lost the strength to hold it up himself. While Matt relayed the steadily worsening observations and tried to rouse Sherlock, Lauren administered the steroids, hoping that they would take effect quickly. She spoke to Sherlock as she worked, trying to keep him awake, but it was clear that he wasn’t taking anything in. Having heard the earlier conversation, she even asked about John, but all she got in reply was a muffled groan behind the mask.
John then turned to Lestrade who was standing by the door looking amused at how quiet Sherlock was. John was probably the only one who could shut him up, and even that only happened occasionally.
This wasn't possible; Sherlock was dead. He couldn't be here. But as John looked up he spotted the detective standing in the middle of their living room. He was wearing his purple shirt underneath his suit jacket and his long Belstaff coat with his blue scarf wrapped around his neck. The familiar sight snapped John into action.
John placed the mugs on the side and went over to Sherlock. It would probably be a bad idea to touch him, but he had no other choice; John needed to wake him up. He put both his hands on Sherlock's cheeks, trying to be as gentle as possible, and started calling his name out.
But he'd finally been able to get John to go home after a little convincing and the promise of looking after Sherlock while he was away. Lestrade had been sitting by his bedside for the last six hours. Luckily all he had to do today was paperwork which he had delivered at the hospital so he could work and look after Sherlock at the same time. It seemed John had been more tired than he claimed, but Lestrade was relieved that John was still at home, hopefully asleep. There wasn't much either of them could do at the hospital, not until Sherlock woke up anyway, at which point John would be the best person to have at the hospital because Sherlock would be fighting to go home the second he woke up.
It wasn't long after that he heard John walking down the stairs from their room. Luckily he'd finished his cigarette by that time- not that John wouldn't notice the smell.
"I do too," he said when he noticed she sounded unsure.
John’s memory took him back a year, remembering coming home and drinking himself into a stupor and seeing Sherlock, wondering whether or not he had really been there. He had no doubts now.
"You."
John chuckled; of course Sherlock would still expect him to hear him regardless of the fact that they weren't even in the same room. "Of course you did," he reiterated.
The words had barely left his mouth when he felt John wrap his lips around him. Sherlock couldn't stop a moan of sheer pleasure from escaping his lips. John didn't hold back, which meant that Sherlock was quickly losing his battle with self-control. He licked and sucked at Sherlock with an intensity that the detective had seldom experienced. It wasn't long until his legs could no longer support his weight and he felt them give way. He slipped down to the shower floor, thus disengaging John from him.
"I..."
"Where are you going?"
John was always there to ground him. He wasn't afraid to talk to Sherlock and tell him he had done something wrong, he wasn't afraid to show his true self to the detective and most of all he was always there when Sherlock needed him, regardless of whether or not he wanted to admit it. Loyal John, always a warm and comfortable presence. He had now taken up permanent residence in Sherlock's mind palace and Sherlock had no intention of letting him go. After all, he'd be lost without his blogger.
Sherlock cleared his throat and took a deep breath before replying. The conversation had barely started and he was already having a hard time continuing it, but John needed to know, and he needed to talk about it. "They were after you," he said, "Before I hmm... before I jumped, Moriarty threatened you. I had to bring them all in."
"What do you say we finish this upstairs? John asked.
While John washed the dishes Sherlock checked his blog. There were a few cases that needed his attention, but they were all simple enough and he could easily solve them when he returned from the case with Lestrade tonight. He closed his laptop as John came back into the living room.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John and the doctor chuckled in amusement. He sat up on the bed and gave Sherlock a long lingering kiss. “Happy anniversary.”
John grinned, knowing that Lestrade would give in. "His scarf," he replied, and then hung up.
John tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hand and started stroking it. “I’m here, Sherlock.”
They were a panting, sweating, groaning mess. And if John wasn’t sure Mrs Hudson was out he might’ve worried she’d come up the stairs to see what was going on. Sherlock was not holding back. He was moaning John’s name and swearing every time John thrust into him. When John gave a particularly violent thrust Sherlock clenched around him and they both screamed.
“Would you mind showing me that just one more time? Just to make sure we’re both really here.”
"It's 9 o'clock, and time for you to go to bed."
Sherlock nodded and John started moving slowly.
The detective's eyelids fluttered slightly and after a few seconds he finally opened his eyes. They roamed around the room for a short time before finally settling on John, who had a huge smile on his face.
Their room was bathed in silence once again for the next half an hour, Sherlock still asleep and John still happily thinking about their wedding and the enjoying the feel of Sherlock all around him when the sound of a phone ringing broke through the quiet haze.
"That reminds me," John continued, "it's time for your medication. Do you want some ice for your ribs as well?"
"Yeah," John replied half-heartedly.
“I’m fine, Sherlock, just a little tired. But then it is midnight.”
There, the words they had never spoken. Never spoken, but always thought. Everything they felt for each other melted down into three simple little words. Three simple words that made John's heart clench. He'd never realised how much he had wanted to hear those words until this very second, and how important it was that he return them.
“Very impressive, John,” Sherlock noted after they had sat down at their table, “I thought you really just wanted to go for a walk.”
John nodded his understanding. Sherlock barely ever stopped when he was at home and he'd been lying in that bed for days now, with a chest tube, no less, which made moving pretty much impossible. No wonder he had jumped at the first chance to get away from the room for a while.
John stood frozen in shock, still clutching Sherlock's coat. Sherlock was sprawled out on the floor, the boy still wrapped in his arms now hanging loosely over the boy's back. Both were unmoving.
The reply came in surprisingly quick.
This meant that he started his blog up again. When he first logged on since Sherlock's supposed death he had to work his way through a number of messages. He hadn't replied to many but had made a point to post something publicly about how much he appreciated the support.
Sherlock knew it was true but it was so difficult to face his nightmares, even though he knew it was the only thing that could help. Maybe something else could, he thought to himself. It was becoming harder and harder each day to ignore the pull of his addiction.
"They need to be here now. I don't want him going into shock.”
Sherlock sprawled across John’s body, barely conscious, struggling for breath, clutching at John’s jumper. He tried to forget that the paramedics had to pry Sherlock’s hands off of John so they could treat him. Or how Sherlock had only truly calmed down as John held his hand in the ambulance. Or how relieved John had been that Sherlock had made it through relatively unscathed.
They spent the next couple of hours quietly in Mycroft's office discussing preparations. Sherlock was surprised at how much Mycroft seemed to know about proposals, though he was certain that he had never had occasion to contemplate them. Nevertheless his knowledge was gratefully accepted and Sherlock finally decided that he was going to propose on their six month anniversary, which just so happened to be the day after John's birthday. He had just under three months to think of the perfect opportunity, to plan it and also to plan John's birthday. He still didn't know if John would say yes, but he did know, without a shadow of a doubt, that this was what he wanted, and he would try his hardest to make it come true.
The doctor asked both John and Lestrade to leave whilst he examined Sherlock. John left with a promise to return as soon as he was allowed and left with Lestrade in search of some coffee. They sat quietly sipping their drinks before Lestrade finally broke the silence.
John yawned and closed his eyes, laying his head back down on the pillow. "Come back soon."
"Really?" Sherlock exclaimed.
"Take your pants off," he said, with such urgency that John couldn't help but obey immediately.
"I'll stay with him."
Now she seemed a lot more hesitant of him, and he wondered if he really looked that fragile. She had been quiet and withdrawn when she made her way over to the chair and he wondered if it would rude to ask if she was upset or if he should do it. If John were here he'd know what to do.
"I know why," Sherlock mumbled.
"Because you love it," Sherlock replied as he raised himself up from the bed and stole a kiss from John's lips.
"Feeling better?" John asked.
Sherlock ate his breakfast diligently and without complaint. He finished just before John and sat quietly watching him. As John was about to eat his last bite he looked up and was met with a pair of glasz eyes staring intently at him. His hand paused halfway to his mouth and he couldn't help but stare back. It was yet another habit they had both gotten into, but this one had started long before they were together. Whether John was trying to tell Sherlock something was 'a bit not good', or concocting a lie to protect him or trying to figure out whether or not Sherlock was being honest they always shared a look. A look that conveyed everything they couldn't, or simply wouldn't, put into words. It was, as always, a battle of wills; neither one wanting to give in but both knowing that sooner or later one would have to, and in the end, not unpredictably, it was John.
"My face is being disapproving, would you like to know why?"
John stood up and crossed the small distance between the two armchairs before straddling Sherlock and wrapping his arms around the detective. “It was beautiful, I couldn’t have asked for anything better. Thank you.” He pulled back and kissed Sherlock on the lips, his hands quickly moving to the back of the detective’s head to find the right angle to deepen the kiss. Sherlock’s tongue met his and soon the room was filled with little moans being pulled out of John.
John tensed slightly when he realized what Sherlock was about to do but then relaxed into the touch. Sherlock circled his entrance, just teasing, but John was having none of it and pushed back on Sherlock's finger until Sherlock was inside him. He broke the kiss and sucked in a strangled breath.
"You should still be resting."
John frowned, thinking back to the last time he had seen Sherlock eating. He didn’t actually remember when that was. “Sherlock, when was the last time you ate?”
After dinner he put the plates away and washed them before coming back into the living room. Sherlock had changed into his pyjamas and dressing gown and was once again lying across the sofa, now with his eyes closed. John turned the telly on before walking over to the sofa.
"I mean John's been worried sick about you since you came back. Between your terrible sleeping and eating habits and the smoking and now this John hasn't stopped worrying about you."
"No, it's fine," Sherlock whispered, closing his eyes and leaning his head back on John's shoulder.
John was extremely relieved when Sherlock slowly opened his eyes. He tried to sit up straight away but John carefully pushed him down, moving the pillow back to its rightful place. He heard Sherlock mutter something under his breath which sounded a lot like 'stupid transport'. John rolled his eyes and took Sherlock's wrist in his hand. He placed two fingers on the inside of his wrist and using his own watch to monitor the time he measured the detective's heart rate noting that, while still slightly elevated, it seemed to have slowed down considerably.
"Very rarely. You took excellent care of me."
"How good you are to me." Sherlock kissed his lips. "How you always know what I need." His jaw. "How you always get me what I need." His neck. "How you never ask for anything in return." His collarbone. "And just how much I love you."
"Of course. Text me the details," Sherlock answered in his usual brisk fashion and ended the call.
"Did you solve it then?" he heard John ask from behind the curtain.
“Well, I suppose I could help with that.”
"I'll feel even better in a minute."
The first thing he felt was the warmth.
Suddenly Sherlock let go of John's hand and pushed himself off, trying to regain control of his breathing. John was in much the same condition but recovered more quickly. "Feeling better now?" he asked.
“Please do,” Sherlock said, and then quickly latched on to John’s lips. The kisses were fiercer now, more desperate. He wasn’t planning on taking long, he just wanted John now, quickly! “Hurry up, get the lube.”
to prevent that sort of thing from happening.
“Gladly,” Mary consents with a false, hateful smile that’s painfully obvious, then makes a move for the doorway.
Mary: No?
"Are you saying you can actually do that?"
John stands frozen on the steps, letting that sink in. Sherlock is forgoing hunting down an at-large serial killer in favor of a date, with the woman. John grinds his molars together, watching him glide in and out the flat in fluid motions, sleek trousers and polished shoes. He doesn't know what to think about that, averting his eyes with mixed feelings. Of course, he's happy for him. It's good to see Sherlock with some zeal in his eyes for something other than a case for once, but did it have to be for her?
He doesn’t close his eyes when she kisses him. Eventually he turns his cheek, detached and not himself, and stares absently at the pathological department building.
“Um.” Mary hesitates at this, and seems increasingly wary of someone seeing them.
“Tea?”
John stands there, his mouth agape.
"Who does he think he is, Penguin?" John jabs sarcastically when they find themselves wading into the gaping mouth of a big, dark, ominous-looking sewer, at which point Sherlock has finally made up his mind.
are not, are you Sherlock.”
“How did this happen?” Sherlock backtracks, rubbing his temple, “Evidence doesn’t just disappear.”
"How could you? Dad, you promised," she tells him, looking downtrodden, wounded even. John shakes his head.
“How in the hell—"John pulls himself together and begins again.
By the time John comes up to air, it’s dark and he can’t see the island. Rain drizzles down on the surface and the black, frigid water churns with whiteheads. He breathes, wiped out with fatigue, having been under for over two minutes before the grip on his foot had finally eased.
The assassin smiles in a way that, despite being fond and familiar, would later haunt him.
He wanders through the unmanned security desk and makes his way through the groaning hallway in the blinding dark, trying not to listen to the way the wind makes the walls creek. He stops dead in his tracks, a soft, high-pitched noise sends shiver up his spine. Turning his head, he catches wind of the shrill sound of violin playing far way, just barely audible over the crashing waves outside.
The wound to his chest wouldn't necessarily be fatal if all the stretcher carriers and medical personal from the regimental aid post were not dead beside him, unable to stave the bleeding or stabilize his condition. He drags himself into a ditch to barricade himself against shellfire and reaches for his emergency field-dressing. He applies pressure on the wound, trying to mitigate the damage best he can as he slowly bleeds out in the middle of enemy-ridden territory.
Ben processes.
“Don’t want people to think what?” Sherlock asks with genuine intrigue, handing John a perfectly benign question he has no means of answering. Sherlock is wearing this look of innocence that is borderline angelic and vaguely reminds John of a parable whose moral was that just because a person is beautiful doesn’t mean they aren’t evil.
"So maybe you fed it to John. Maybe that’s why he’s unconscious,” she suggests, using that play-along tone that police use when they want their subject to confess to a hypothetical. She does, conceivably, have a point. There’s means, motive, opportunity..
"Alright. What did I say?"
"You should at least wear a raincoat or something-" John hazards, although on second thought, he's never ventured into such sacrilegious territory before.
“You’re enjoying this aren’t you?” John remarks at their adorable little digression, and they both look back to him with innocent, inquisitive eyes.
"John, she
"Hello. Earth to Dad."
Sherlock looks at him, puzzled, putting a hand on his hip to communicate his impatience. "What condition?"
“The point being, in case you are not keen on the pattern, is that I have been consistently
John: We don't have sprinklers.
“Come here,” John says, having had enough of Sherlock's asinine, counter-productive attempts at evasion and grabbing him by the arm. He drags Sherlock back into the living room to try to fix whatever nonsense Sherlock has done to himself this time.
The blood has drained from his face. He feels himself slipping, just barely able to keep his head above. His blueish, parted lips are just barely over the waterline, vying for oxygen, and his eyelashes are closed tight, willing the pounding reverberations to stop.
John releases a breath, an amused look playing on his features. Sherlock sits with one foot curled beneath him, spine erect, looking rather like a loyal dog waiting at the foot of your bed. Cracking a smile, John looks at Sherlock fondly, reaching out and gently clutching a handful of curls. His fingers brush against the scalp above his ear, touching his dark, raven hair, and Sherlock watches him motionlessly, eyes liquid silver.
Mary exhales, astounded. “Can you stop with the ‘I told you so’? You’ve had a lifetime of that. Just teach me already--” she tells him, stepping forward with a playful inertia that nudges Sherlock back a step as she joins their hands to mimic the arrangement everyone around them has assumed, raised and clasped together. Sherlock catches her hands in his and rebounds a nudge forward, regaining their footing with a natural, unthinking effortlessness.
“Go on,” he goads him, cocks his head with one of those cursory head tilts that exudes quiet and undeniable confidence, “Tell her I’m not seeing anyone else.”
“...Are you really not coming?”
It takes him a moment to piece it together. What she meant by predictable, by too attached to things, by his driving in front of automobiles. She meant that John is the dog. That this time, the car didn't miss.
"I can't leave John," Sherlock responds dully in response to John's unnerving display of blatancy. He swallows and looks down at his laces. John respectfully waits for him to finish, though Sherlock wishes he wouldn’t.
"Says the addict," she says at which he naturally feels annoyed, "It never crosses your mind does it? That you might be susceptible to the same failings as everyone else." He bristles, her Cheshire smile really starting to grate on his nerves, "Even now, you could say you're succumbing to temptation, trying to get that confession you so desperately want."
Just when he was starting to consider the possibility that perhaps he was being over-paranoid, Mycroft showed up from his luxury tinted-window car at ten o’clock on the mark, and Sherlock realized that no, he didn’t like this at all. Because then John came out with a bag of useless edibles and some hardware including drywall (had he really damaged the fuse box that badly when he shot it?) and bumped into Mycroft, despite the fact Mycroft had something on the order of 24 different bodyguards
“He looks like hell,” Nigel says immediately.
“You left it on the coffee table,” Sherlock indicates the box of John’s possessions planted on the table.
"I know it’s a stunt because sociopaths don't jump in front of bullets for people,” John explains, “They only do it because they've seen it on TV and think its trendy."
8. SHERLOCK?
Mrs. Hudson sees him coming down the stairs and asks him if he wants a cup of tea. He explains to her in clipped tones that he neither requires nor desires one.
“It’s just it would have certain.. implications. I don’t want people to think-“ it takes John all of two seconds to realize he doesn’t know where the rest of that sentence went.
John feels like a hole has opened up inside him, something taken that can never be replaced. His anger evaporates, feeling powerless at the sight of those symptoms resurfacing yet again. It occurs to him he's having a rare glimpse underneath the facade: a peak at how much he's masking, and how terribly good at it he is. Then seeing the way Sherlock masterfully covers it up, he figures perhaps it's all by design that Sherlock never shows him any weakness or vulnerability of mind.
He’s tempted to lean forward, then lean forward an inch more, and eventually he caves, drawn forward out of experimental curiosity.
Everyone within viewing radius is dancing traditional waltz. Her eyes pan over the room and finally come to a rest on Nigel dancing with Mrs. Davenport, where the nagging dread in the back of her skull escalates into full-blown panic.
“No really. Take a look in the mirror,” Sherlock says, and he places his hand on John’s head, swivels him to face the reflective, glass window behind them. Then, with all the composure and fluidity of movement at his disposal, Sherlock saunters off, leaving the dumbfounded soldier in view of his own portrait for god knows what reason.
"It's not a mystery what happened, John," she says with a blithe, wry voice, like it's practically inconsequential, "There's little point in denying it. Not anymore anyway," she says, eyes hovering over her brother's unmoving form. That simple fact hollows him out, and in that instant, he feels utterly powerless. It doesn't matter what happened. No amount of squabbling, petty arguments, or finger-pointing will bring him back.
“Sherlock, this is not funny,” John tells him warily.
“Indeed,” he concurs with Mary’s statement about John’s mood, turning on his heel and taking off as he speaks.
Sherlock rolls his eyes scoffing at the ridiculous notion he could die by something so pedestrian and banal as not eating-- like that’s reserved for the mere mortals.
Without further warning, Sherlock throws open the door and canters down the stairs, fully expecting John to simply follow him into the downpour. John sighs and grabs his green trench, following after his eccentric flatmate.
John doesn’t look up, eyes closed. “No.”
Mary looks up at him cheekily without a response, tongue-tied.
At first, Sherlock's glances at him in a light 'ohho-we're-going-to-tell-him-now-are-we?' way, thinking he must be joking- or if he's not, that he'll surely turn tail and rethink his thoughts. But when he doesn't, Sherlock's expression takes on a very different nature. The deafening silence of next few seconds sounds vaguely like a ticking time bomb about to go off. Sherlock locks eyes with him, as if he's scanning him with X-ray vision. It feels like the lightening has flashed and the thunder is soon to follow.
“I'm going to go distract them,” she says, turning back.
In the midst of the excruciating pain that’s overcome him, John doesn’t understand what happened either, but then he does, he knows it was an self-inflicted wound.
"This is not the time-" Whatever his unfathomable reasons are, John is seriously starting to interfere with his carefully laid plan. Sherlock starts forward but John impels him back against the wall in a stunning display of force, knocking the wind out of him and leaving him breathless. Sherlock gapes at him, thinking John is being completely absurd- Sherlock should be the one demanding explanations, not the other way around.
Another flash and he sees the shadow just in front of him. There’s a pang of panic at the sensation of it snagging his foot with rough, raw strength enough to make him feel though he’ll be torn apart, and he emits a startled yell before he’s choking on water. He plummets down for what seems like forever, water gushing against him so viciously fast, it feels as though the salt is scraping his skin. The grip doesn’t hurt, like a shark would. John is beginning to wish it did.
“It’s nothing John,” he retorts dismissively. He disappears into his bedroom and John files suit, feeling compelled to follow.
"And you still don't see a problem. With any of this. -Don't zone out, you're zoning out," John snaps, seeing he has since lost Sherlock's attention, who is looking at the windshield like a dog that wants to go outside. Only Sherlock would actually have the gall to do that while they are having this conversation. John's command snaps him back to present and the detective rolls his eyes.
the closest thing to romantic attraction Sherlock has ever felt has been to a   skull and that it’s in that sense John supposes he does have a romantic bone, though not one in his body.
"Come along then," she says, walking toward the car park. While he thinks it might be the stupidest thing he's ever done, John's legs follow after her on their own accord.
“You’re an idiot.”
Sherlock draws back, seeing that he’s lost his attention.
“Is it so wrong all I ever wanted was to hear you say those words?” he asks, getting back on topic. His tone is dreary and bleak, like he still thinks no one is listening, like he's still talking to himself, “Is it so wrong that it’s delusional?
“We’re not after BAFTA’s. We’re after viewership and maximized commercials.”
"I was hoping I'd never see the day when victims started retaliating," Sherlock says as an afterthought.
“Sherlock, we could have a long-winded conversation about
"John, I assure you, you know waltz backward and forwards— maybe even up-side-down and in loop-de-loops for all I know. You know waltz in ways I don’t. You know waltz like I know ash.” John’s eyebrows quirk upward. Sherlock’s very serious about ash.
“Fine then. Don’t eat it. We’ll know if the toast was poisoned when he wakes up—” Sherlock sighs, apparently given up, pocketing the jam in his robe. Finders keepers.
“Oh,” Sherlock realizes with a pleasant, you-learn-something-everyday tone, as though the association never occurred to him but still kind of makes sense. In any case, the point remains there exist some subtle differences between Sherlock and
"I've done no such thing-" he starts struggling, fighting him as John's fingers cinch around his wrist. "Unhand me this instant-" he yells like a regular diva.
He decides he officially hates how dark and obscured her sense of humor is- he doesn't understand it, and things he doesn't understand, he can't predict, which is unnerving.
The door bell rings.
“No more killing people!” he hisses vehemently when he finally catches up to her.
It's a look Sherlock doesn't have any witty retorts to, for once. Namely because he'd winced at the insult to head- which kind of just subverted his own point. John certainly had a very literal interpretation of the concept of knocking sense into someone...
Rose contemplates it and goes with “Ten.”
Water begins flooding over the brim of the kettle.
"I would think you would be too at the prospect of a willing victim," he tries not to pout but it comes out like that anyway. She's not exactly picky about her victims, and even if she were, he would fit the profile, so why isn't she taking the bait?
“Why!” she reels in incomprehension and comes face to face, gritting her teeth, “Why can’t he just be happy for me like a normal parent?”
He can see why Sherlock doesn't like him for the crime though. He would have a hard time believing the man was up to no good again- age has weakened him considerably.
"Come on then, show yourself," he hollers to anyone within hearing radius. He knows he's here. He wouldn't miss a deliciously blockbuster moment like this, not with all his narcissistic tendencies.
Rose is about to pick up the knife, but John sees her and snaps out of it.
“She heard you, you know,” he says begrudgingly.
that? John wonders, giving Sherlock a sidelong glance. Sherlock makes no move to refute her, instead electing to fight fire with fire.
"You saved my life and now you think that you own it, is that it, Doctor?" Sherlock asks with an amused tone that slivers uncomfortably up John's spine. John feels the gall he had to intervene vanish under that glare of his, burning like frostbite, and he swallows. Something inside his chest twists and his voice turns hard like steel, even though he's shaking with emotions still raw from the first time Sherlock was attacked, a trauma that he inexplicably, seems on intent on repeating.
Mary is walking back to her locker during lunch period with a calculus textbook in hand, when she turns a corner and subsequently falls face flat on the pavement. A couple of twerps start snickering in the background as she peels her face off the cement. One of them is her contemporary Nigel, feeling oh-so-clever for extending his leg for her to trip over. Nigel allegedly enjoys picking on Mary for allegedly being lesbian.
“Okay,” John reaffirms, positioning his fingertips on the surface of the table and looking back up at her, “So… not only do you think that Sherlock and I are together but you think.. that we are your parents.”
He closes his eyes, leaning down until there's nothing between them. When he draws back, he finds the doctor still obliviously unconscious, looking like a proper angel when he sleeps. How fitting.
He dismisses the refractory thought, trying with what power he has to ignore it. Spending so much time with the detective was making him stake too much on their friendship. He really needed to get out more on a date or two himself.
He recounts in horror the memory of himself stomping on the lilies on his grave. The instant in the ER, when they told him he was dead and he had nonchalantly brushed it off, accusing Sherlock of pulling another of his stunts. That moment when the light left his eyes and he fell on top of John with bullets in his chest.
He's accidentally dropped the knife, which hits the kitchen tile with a clang.
"I'll see what can be done. In the meantime, try to keep him away from her," he says with a sigh and takes his leave.
"Is he better at covering his tracks than you are at uncovering them?"
"You can fix him can't you?" he asks, hating the dreadful way the audacious question hangs in the air, vainly hopeful and implausible.
Unless... Sherlock's hand balls into a fist. "Why should that matter to you?" he asks petulantly.
Putting up a fight…
“Then what makes this one different?” she wants to know, “That it’s a man?”
John consoles himself by resuming his read on the drama over taxes. Time slinks idly by, Sherlock’s forensics glassware clinking in the kitchen, the skittish curtains rustling restlessly, and the front door opening and closing downstairs with a far-away, unnoticed thump.
“I can’t find my passport,” she tells John, to the discredit of Sherlock’s pet theory.
SHERLOCK: PERHAPS..
“Because your domestic life must be oh-so-invigorating,” Sherlock drawls satirically and then smirks at the window, resting his head on a hand.
“Why didn’t you ask me to take them off?” John asks confused, bewildered even, and just a little annoyed at the absurdity that he nearly wore his wrists to the bone rather than ask for help.
,” Sherlock flares, coming onto his feet, “Really, I adore you, I think you’re a superlative example of a human being, but you really have confused yourself into a grievous state of error this time haven’t you.”
John tells him quaintly, “because you high jacked the wedding then arrested the camera man before he could shoot the whole thing.”
“You don’t need me,” he snaps finally, the sound of his voice giving Mary a jolt, “Not for this.”
"Why does any of that concern you?" Sherlock says flatly, clearly not affected by a word John is saying. John does a sharp intake at how it all goes in one ear and out the other, unheard. He clenches his jaw, consumed with resentment from all his callous insults, which have reached critical mass.
She takes his chin in hand and turns him to face her, eyes lingering lowly on his mouth. "How about we put that mouth of yours to better use?"
. I’ve had it with him."
“Did you want to let me in on what those are?” she asks as they walk up together, uniforms beautifully matching and glinting against the eerie, foggy backdrop, shoes scaling the slight incline of the quietly vibrant white steps in unison.
“What do we think? Were you not just here for the past ten minutes? We hate his guts, obviously.”
"You're so perfect," she says in a low growl, fully aware of how uncomfortable the comment makes him, twisting knots in his stomach. "God I want to ruin you," she breathes, her fingers insinuating in his hair. He closes his eyes in silent prayer, trying to keep calm and collected despite the PTSD. It makes her want to laugh.
She looks amused, as if there's some irony to the situation that escapes him but not her.
John schools his features and tries not to think about the wormy, unsettling feeling in his stomach that technically shouldn't be there whenever Sherlock so much as mentions 'the woman'.
because the sight of John seeking consul from his brother bothered him in the slightest.
"Have you been sitting there all night?"
There’s a pause on the other end of the line as Sherlock mulls it over. “We have to go down and check,” he replies.
A smirk cracks open on Nigel’s face at that. “You’re not a parent,” he scoffs patronizingly.
"Because you're going to have to."
“I don’t suppose you heard me the first time when I said it’s none of my concern?”
Seated beside him on the sofa, he’s leaning on one arm as he gazes idly at John, his head canted to the side and absorbed in thought. He’s never kissed anyone before as far as he can recall*, which is not saying much, nonetheless he wonders what it’s like.
," Sherlock says, frankly exhausted he has to spell everything out, "I've been meaning to ask you about that, Anderson. What was she doing in the precinct anyway? You didn't let her anywhere near your samples, did you?"
John grits his teeth under the purgatorial look Sherlock's giving him. What those eyes are accusing him of is impossible to swallow.
“You don’t think this is a little extreme for a stunt?” Rose asks, trying to reason with him or get him to just look at where they are.
“It makes little sense in telling him, or asking him, for anything, when in the context of everything he’s given me there is little more I can, feasibly..  ask him for.”
“It just makes for a much cleaner line of reasoning, should we refrain from letting the personal biases of witness accounts cloud our judgment. That is, given we have an alternative, more objective source of information," he signifies the television set, "And the fact remains that the footage is very ambiguous—”
“I’ll be back for you, Sherlock Holmes,” he says with a brief glance that Sherlock can only describe as playful amusement. He vanishes through rear corridor, leaving Sherlock to piece together what exactly just happened and why.
“It’s actually kind of late.”
He looks at John as though he's a world-weary substitute teacher and John has asked him the stupidest question on the planet.  "God, don't make me answer that," he says. He rubs his temples tiredly and could just about face palm at the absurd direction the conversation has taken. Was John actually starting to sound like a wife, or was it just him- you know what, scratch that, delete that last train of thought. "Quite frankly it eludes me what you were trying to accomplish with that idiotic stunt you just pulled. Now I have to completely rework the plan in order to make up for your spectacular failings-"
“I'm not—“ Benedict quickly gets over it when he gets to the end of that sentence, “What do you mean, new screen writer? What happened to Steve?”
JOHN: WHAT?
"He wants me to roll over and just hand him the case files," he says, annoyed.
"Go get the first aid kit. Run along," John says, pressing his hand against the cut on his palm to curb the bleeding, frowning as it smarts. "And no more cursing!" he tells her as she runs out the kitchen. He can't have this like-sailor-like-daughter nonsense.
Rose doesn’t feel convinced. "You sure about that?"
The way he was was a crime- he never resorted to his baser instincts, he never deigned to violence, he was not crippled by the lesser passions that afflicted most people. He could not be corrupted by money or sex, bribed, bought, or blackmailed.
“Broccoli?” Sherlock asks, trying to shove the greens onto John’s plate.
He marvels at his frailty, the ethereal, unearthly paleness verging on anaemia, the skeletal frame and starved features resembling anorexia. His fringe folds backward on itself, revealing emaciated temples and engraved cheekbones, and John muses how the architecture of his skull is such an incredibly brittle cage for the roaring engine within.
"There was a time when you would look like that because of me," he eventually, very reluctantly explains, his hands bearing down on the back of the wooden chair next to his desk. It creaks in disapproval under his clenched fists, "Now you've abandoned all of the abilities you once lauded me for in favor of my
They stand outside on the doorstep, entrance’s door revolving as people enter and exit the hospital.
He looks at her with incomprehension, at a loss as to how she had known him better than he knew himself.
“Fine. Let me show you how it’s done,” he says at last, coattails twirling and shoes clicking as he turns on his heel.
“Is that.. engine exhaust in my hair?” he muses in a startled tone, stoking charcoal out of his fringe, then his eyes blink down at his legs, which are crossed over each other comfortably, apparently taken aback. “And aluminum scuff marks?” he ponders, tilting his wingtips side to side.
He says that like Sherlock’s a golden retriever that did the right trick.
“If you’re trying to get me to admit that I’m human, you have another thing coming,” he tells her coolly.
“Where’s Mark? Is he here?”
tacitly implied.
John takes a moment to muster up the audacity to say, “It’s not supposed to be like that you know.”
The impression of an outstretched hand appears like a shadow against the filtering rays and grips his shoulder, pulling him upward.
“Wouldn’t think of it John,” Sherlock sighs tenderly, drawing him back into a hug in efforts to reassure him.
“Facts are facts,” he says in a pristine display of rigidity, his voice a growing crescendo of volume, his burning blue, iron gaze piercing through the crowd.
Sherlock is leaning in the doorway, flashing a lean smile. His shirt collar is unbuttoned one button more than usual, and his shirt is too tight, as usual. His head is buried into the threshold, he looks like a playgirl model with the long stretches of neck muscle and collar bone. The way he holds himself, he’s begging to be torn out of that trim and proper button-down shirt that he’s abusing, despite it’s something in the hundreds price tag.
He hears the patter of feet behind him and turns his head. It's Mycroft, running across the room, a sheen of sweat on his head. He dabs it off with a handkerchief. "Oh John- its you," he says with relief. He seems unusually frantic, "Is she here?"
kind of no, used in the same way one might use punctuation.
She scrambles into his arms, setting her head against his shoulder and they look at the various contents of the file splayed out on his lap together. “It looks like a rabbit.”
John’s back hits the wall on instinct as several bullets ricochet down the tunnel. When he looks at Eurus, he sees she appears to have dodged the bullets by chanting her head to the side. There’s something about her that's decidedly not natural.
“Yep,” John decides, replacing his shirt and rolling back, “Sorry it looks like you’re going to be out for six weeks.” He clicks his pocket pen and beings to scroll on a prescription slip.
Or if it is the action of only a friend, at the very least that should also make that friend, that best friend, that best man, something more— surely? Or if not even that, then what else is left, but to suspend what assumptions he has about the limitation of that term, to redefine the meaning of that word, friend. The dedication of so many days within months within years, piling on top of each other like brick and mortar into a steadily ascending tower, is, after all, an action that outlives many god-sanctified
"That is the point of a date. Might as well look the part," he remarks, pinning in his cuff-links.
After tossing and turning Sherlock admits defeat, acknowledging sleep isn't happening tonight. He presses a hand over his eyes as unbidden images come fresh to his mind, playing vindictive mind tricks across the backs of his eyelids. He gets out of bed and dons his dressing gown, prowling around in search of the kitchen in the mid-morning darkness.
“I don’t have a mother,” she replies, glaring holes in the wall.
"Sherlock, you have to stop this. You're injured-" John tries to reason with him, but Sherlock is not listening.
John glances at him between pages, and does a brief double take, noticing the lack of motility in the boys arm. “Looks like you have pain in your right shoulder. Mind if I have a look?”
"Mary, it's not like that," he tries to tell her with a harmless, open handed gesture.
Sherlock doesn’t respond, and Mary heaves a sigh which suggests Sherlock is doing something insolent, like feigning dumb.
Sherlock actually looks at him this time, like he's bewildered John is even asking. “Why... do you want to know that?"
“It’s in your back pocket,” Sherlock informs her making his entrance sipping from John’s tea mug, looking much more civilized.
. "I said I can't."
waltz," he drawls aghast.
6. ARE YOU SUPERFICIALLY CHARMING?
"That was fast. I did tell you this would happen if he found out," she says, toying with a cue ball.
“Dear lord,” she drawls, aghast, “You’re loosing it, old man.”
It occurs to John that it’s incredibly
He grabs his blazer, which is still wet from their previous encounter, and marches back out into the mounting winter storm.
Upon closer inspection, he sees what appears to be carnage, badly mangled, having washed up on the shore. And then he sees the countless rows of white teeth and the pit of his stomach sinks, twisting into knots. His skin crawls even as he tries to push the creeping sensation 'you know what did this' to the back of his mind.
“You used to look at me like I was God and now-“ Sherlock stops short. He looks at him with a sort of resignation that he can barely swallow.  “You look down on me,” Sherlock concludes and a smile twists on his features with the awful irony of it, like it's some cosmic joke. John can only stand there speechless, shaking like a shell-shocked recruit on day one. It feels like a blow to the chest, knocking the wind out of him, and then the horror dawns on him that Sherlock actually believes what he's saying, completely unawares that John would take a thousand and one of his insults if it meant one word of thanks, that John adores him in a semi-dangerous, questionably unhealthy way that wrecks havoc all his priorities, job and love-life included, that no matter what anyone ever said or did John could never think less of him.
A window opens with the contents of the drive, scrolling down to the base of a litany of files. His bandwidth spikes, which means the USB is transmitting something- reporting that it's been accessed, how, by who, and where. He’s counting the seconds. The longer he spends on accessing the disk, the greater the danger of being tracked and his location pinpointed.
“John,” John’s attention returns to Mary, “He doesn’t mean it, you know.”
“Sorry,” the detective rubs his temple, mentally kicking himself for acting in an irrational fashion, “Please continue, Doctor.”
"Sherlock…" John growls warningly, this time his voice unnervingly frightful and much less forgiving.
Just then Irene Adler runs into them after having just given the detective inspector her regards, which is not odd at all. Apparently she'd been 'in the neighborhood' and had decided to 'pop by', which Anderson nods at like a dunce. Sally seems to regard the woman with a vague disinterest, sizing her up to be altogether harmless and not finding anything Irene does important enough to worthy suspicion.
"What do you mean- fix him?" John asks.
The gentle breeze and reassuring waves calm him and he tries to forget the insidious machinations of his mind, thinking of other things less morbid. He doubles back along the coastline, his ventures uneventful, and the morning lags on.
7. ARE YOU AGGRESSIVE OR COOL HEADED?
“He can’t use
“Is it?” Sherlock returns in a tone of piqued intrigue, very full of himself. Then his eyes shift to the edge of his field of vision and he looks surprised, some fine, irregular detail catching his interest.
18. ARE YOU GOOD AT MANIPULATING PEOPLE AND SITUATIONS?
“He’s never actually killed anyone has he?” Nigel whispers to Sherlock, as John treads down the entrance stairs.
"Mycroft did?" John asks dubiously, suspecting Mycroft has better things to be doing than villainously cutting violin strings. "Maybe it just broke on it's own." At Sherlock's
John laughs. “Oh, I hope so. For your sake.”
“Ok.”
"It wouldn't be the first time he'd done it," John states, flipping a page, apparently more inclined toward the magazine article he's reading than the conversation.
Sherlock growls, tetchy, gaze flickering aside. “Blast.” he says, then he retorts temperamentally, decisively pointing his index finger into the ground, “I want her
“Yes.. One plus one equals two. Congratulations, you can do the math,” Sherlock drawls boredly, “There may be hope for you yet.”
“That’s absurd.”
, he tells himself.
John doesn't deny it. That is a pretty good summary of what he's doing.
"Sherlock, you're blatantly being sexist."
is what happens.
“So who’s parent are you, allegedly? Not hers.” Nigel shrugs and points to Mary. Sherlock and Mary voice their replies at the same time.
It takes John a moment to realize his hand is hanging in midair and that he should probably pocket it. John clenches and unclenches his aching fist, trying to suppress the gnawing, unsettling urge to follow him. He quite literally wants to break down his door and tell him what an idiot he's being but thankfully refrains, knowing something about Sherlock makes him an exceptionally poor communicator and that the language barrier always seems to get worse when emotions are running high.
. All you had to do was indicate her over...” he trails, then resumes, “Then it would have removed any degree of uncertainty.”
When he arrives at the last door, he tries to open it but the handle burns his hands. He finds an entry panel next to the door, and scrapes off some encrusted ice on the display. He tries to remember the code she told him and enters it into the key pad. The door slides open automatically.
“Am I now?” Sherlock grins.
John has trouble sleeping. He's gotten used to the violin teetering away into odd hours of the morning and now he can't sleep without it. He forces himself to uncover his head with his pillow when he hears two sets of footsteps at the door, one staggery and reeking of intoxication. He tells himself he doesn't care that they came home together. But hearing her laugh flips a switch in him and suddenly he's on his feet, reaching for the door. But then he stops when he realizes what he's doing, or rather realizes he has no idea what he's doing. His hand rests on the door knob, threatening to twist it open, but it never actually does.
“Rejected? On what grounds?” he wants to know.
“Well..” He muses though he already has the answer, then steals a glance at Mary. “If Mary says so,” he smiles, taking her in his hands so they are nose to nose, “Didn’t you say so, darling?”
“No,” he decides gravely, eyes side-cast again, “I
doesn't seem enough. His rapid shuffling in search of the rogue letter comes to a slow stop and he forgets completely about the post.
The chimera watches in the shallows as the human recovers, gradually gets his bearings. The man slowly starts to panic for some unknown cause, skirting the beach, searching for god knows what, threading his fingers in his hair. By the time his rounded the beach for the third time, he takes notice of the brunet seeping beneath the water, submerged to just below his eyes. He pauses in midstep and blinks his dark blue eyes, registering of the presence of a head of brown curls amongst the expanse of seascape.
John cracks an amused smile at the not-so-subtle jab at that event
John’s eyebrows furrow in consternation, trying to piece together what the hell he is saying. "What are you talking about?"
"What is it now?" she asks, her voice echoing throughout the cell, somewhat irked by the disruption.
It occurs to him that is kind of what he's doing. He shakes his head, amused. "I am. Keep on like that and you're liable to turn all the women into serial rapists that obsess over you."
“Yes, alright. I have two dads. Get over yourself,” Mary tells him apathetically.
Since John hasn’t managed to fill the silence with anything other than staring speechlessly, Sherlock proceeds to inform him, “Being overly concerned with what other people think is essentially the definition of self-consci—“
“Don’t be stupid,” she rolls her eyes.
“What? What do you mean? What have you done to him?”
“Brilliant, brilliant deduction,” he congratulates him, every word seasoned with sarcasm.
" he demands fiercely, making Sherlock's jaw click closed.
too far.
“No,” Sherlock glares apathetically at the feeble attempt a joke, which, clearly, is in very poor taste. “I just don’t need to tell him. It’s not..”
," he says, explicitly, "I have to watch as you slowly piece together that I am not the undefeatable, invincible man you make me out to be in your blog."
He douses his face at the faucet and lets the ice cold water drench his skin, collecting all the errant thoughts in his head in a stranglehold and silencing them. Then he tampers with the stove until he figures out how to turn it on and makes himself some tea. (Typically John or Mrs. Hudson does this for him.) The kettle has gone from whistling to screaming at the top of its lungs before he blinks and makes to pour himself a cup. He takes a seat at the kitchen table, which houses his microscope, a few discarded experiments and some chemicals that belong in a fume hood, and watches the saccharine concoction glint around the tea spoon, wondering at what point it becomes honey with tea instead of tea with honey.
John sighs. "I think... I might have...." he rubs his face with his hand, "I might have pissed off a feminist."
Sherlock and Mary arrive arm in arm at the base of a cascade of steps leading to the church entryway, Sherlock dressed in the battle-wear of his former days, his collar shirt adorned with silver necktie and waistcoat and furnished by a navy frock suit, and Mary in her aforementioned bride uniform, a lace and satin, full-length wedding gown with a silver cinch at the midsection. Towering above them, the church displays a bold exterior in the harsh, cold light, with an elaborate stone steeple erected and powerful pillars supporting its conglomerate structure.
"That wouldn't be good. You've gotten yourself in enough trouble already, don't you think?" she says, seeming to delight in his feeling awkward and ill at ease- he'd venture to say she might even feed off of it. "Making promises you can't keep. Wagering bets you can't win. You've been quite reckless, Holmes."
. Tell her that her girlfriend died somewhere in the process of being drowned, cut into potable pieces, and struck with a blunt object to the head, then meet me at the gate,” he says curtly then hangs up.
Tempted by the alluring proposal, he hovers closer to the table skirting the window sill, eyes falling on the glimmering chess pieces. Needless to say, he likes this idea very much. “And if I lose?” he asks, touching his fingers down on the surface of the table.
“What is ‘true love’ anyway?” the sociopath muses to himself as he draws forward, looking at John up through his eyelashes, “some kind of an… oxymoron?” he says, the words lagging behind, the tail end of a thought.
"No," he says heavily, "This wasn't him." He rises to his feet with a heavy weight on his shoulders and places the square of skin in a biohazard bag.
“Breakfast?” Sherlock asks, giving him a sunny smile that nearly makes John lose his footing. His demeanor has dramatically changed- like night and day, leaving John awestruck at his seemingly instantaneous recovery. His heart thrums with bitter-sweet relief seeing the detective acting perfectly like himself again.
SHERLOCK: AND YOUR BEHAVIOUR IS.. WHAT? SOCIAL FOR NO GOOD REASON?
He digresses into something dreadful and D minor.
They continued to argue until his parents finally got so frustrated that they left the room entirely. Sherlock looked to Mycroft.
"Oh, I'm sorry. I'm here to see Sherlock Holmes," he explained to the woman, offering his hand in greeting. "My name is John Watson, I'm his yoga instructor."
"Of course," John answered with a nod, completely unaware that he was speaking to a prince. In fact, it was Richard, the younger brother of the murderous Jim. Together, the pair managed to toss the branch aside into some bushes.
"Don't be ridiculous, John. Lying down isn't going to help me!" the detective argued. "I need to burn my energy! I should do something more vigorous. Chaturangas! That would help!"
"I have had to live each day with the possibility that I had sent you to your death," Mary continued. "And I did not play you fair, since I thought your quest was just foolishness. Ask me why I would not kiss you that night, John Watson."
Sherlock's deductions were cut off by a sudden kiss from John as the other pressed against him. As the blond reached over to take the popsicle from Sherlock's hand, the detective put the pieces together and smirked into the kiss, knowing exactly what had turned John on like this. And now he knew just what to do with it.
The second Sherlock heard, he couldn't help but become embarrassed. Blushing and losing his concentration, he toppled over onto the floor, taking John with him. As the pair began to giggle over it all, several women rushed to help John and coddle him to make sure he was okay.
"You know...a star and a mortal man," Sherlock began.
Sherlock paused, waiting to see if it was a joke. But when he knew his brother was sincere, he smiled and nodded as they began to plan how to go about the marriage. Mycroft was able to arrange for a minister and a quiet ceremony in the back room of the church. Within moments, Sherlock and John were wed. Unfortunately, they had to return to separate homes.
Isn't it?
John Hamish Watson had no idea who his mother was. All he knew was that his father had met her while traveling and they'd had a brief night together that had led to his conception. His mother couldn't keep him and so he ended up being raised by his father. He'd worked nearly his entire life to help support them, since his father could only do so much. But as he grew, he became more and more attractive. The only trouble was he hardly had a dime, so no woman in her right mind would go after him. That didn't bother him much until he fell for one Mary Morstan.
John had never offered to do private sessions before, even when he had students who had difficulty with some of the poses. He simply offered to meet them in the studio shortly before the class and he'd help them, or he would help them during class. But something was different about this man and John decided to find out what. So when he got home, he decided to search the name.
"Sherlock? You in here?" he called softly before he stopped in his tracks. There on the bed was Sherlock in a pair of John's tight red pants, which hid even less on Sherlock as dark curls poked out from the sides. That was all he wore, his pale skin interrupted only by the red around his groin. John's jaw dropped as he stared.
John was silent for a moment before letting out a breathy comment. "Amazing."
"Tell me what you want," Sherlock breathed before nipping at John's ear. Well that was certainly new.
They ended up spending a great deal longer talking once they'd rolled up their mats, trading stories about war and drugs, about teenage years, ambitions, dreams, broken hearts, injuries, and more. John learned more about this curly haired beanpole than he'd ever thought there could be to a single person. There was such a deep story there and John just had to turn the page and find out more. He loved learning about the detective and eventually the topic was turned to sex.
Over her, who she'd choose
Over time, John realized he had a love for yoga. While it initially seemed so simple, he quickly discovered how difficult it could be. Anyone could stand on one leg, right? Wrong. It took time and patience to learn even the most basic poses, especially with his injuries and temper. But he learned one step at a time. And even when he'd managed to complete what the physical therapist and his doctors recommended, he decided to continue as a form of therapy and relaxation. He went to school and studied, becoming a certified yoga instructor. Now he had his own little studio in a health club and was doing fairly well. He was happy and relaxed and managed to earn some money doing something he enjoyed.
Sherlock blushed, but cleared his throat a bit. "Idiots. It's simple physics," he insisted.
John certainly hadn't been expecting this. He'd come home from the army and ran into an old mate in the park and now suddenly he was having dinner (maybe even a date) with another man. How had his day turned out like this?
Having lost his captive Star and feeling sorry for himself, John rested under a copper beech tree. He was awoken by the sound of a carriage and hoofbeats approaching and sat up with a small groan.
"Oh my......" John began, jaw dropping as he saw it. A ship, floating through the sky as though it were the sea. "Overhead! And behind us! It's a ship! A ship of the air!"
"You will do no such thing," Irene warned darkly.
"Yes. If you go through, then you will be, as I understand it, transformed into what you would be in that world: a cold, dead thing, skyfallen," she explained.
"I'll pay you," John told her, stepping forward and reaching into his pocket. "You say you sell glass flowers. Would you be interested in this one?"
"Don't you recognize your own sister?" the woman laughed.
"Meditation?! That isn't going to help me at all!" Sherlock snapped. He'd meditated in his mind palace before as a memory technique, but never for its own sake. How was sitting there doing nothing going to help him?
"I will transport you to the Wall, and I sear upon my honor and my true name that I will take no action to harm you upon the journey," she agreed, then spit in her hand. "Spit in your hand," she instructed firmly.
Using the candle he'd been given, John tried his best to find a safe place for himself and the Star to rest. First was too windy, then a sandy desert. Finally they ended up back where Irene had created her Inn, though it appeared to be gone now. In its place was a battered goat cart on its side and two bodies: that of the goat and that of Lord Richard. Both were surrounded by blood and another man stood over them, examining the bodies with a curious interest. He looked much like the young man who now lay dead near the mountains.
"Then what are you waiting for?" Sally pressed.
"That's the truth for you," Irene replied. "Now, tell me, dear. Who rides with you this day?"
"You cannot refuse me. The debt must be paid," Emma told her firmly.
"Amazing," he praised with a smile. "Usually tall blokes like you have terrible balance."
"I did nothing. Nothing that I did not do eighteen years ago. I was bound to be your slave until the day that the moon lost her child, if it occurred in a week where two Mondays came together. And so it is coming to pass. My time with you is almost done," she replied calmly.
"Mother, no," John replied firmly.
"Now, let's pick you up before someone steps on you. It isn't the biggest of caravans. But I shall keep to the letter of my oath, for you shall not be harmed," Janine commented, bringing him to the caravan. "Here, have a little drawer, lined with thistledown for the flower. And a cage with food and water. Lodge and boarding, as promised."
"I can't believe you just did that," he murmured.
He hadn't realized how much this was hurting his lover, so he decided to ended it then and there. Grabbing his mobile, he dialed Mary's number and put her on speaker.
"Thank you. And I'll stable and groom the horses. They'll catch a dreadful cold otherwise," John added.
But as she realized what had happened, she began to scream. Richard ran into the room, turning on the light and gasping when he saw his brother lying dead with the naked woman on top of him.
opening the cage, Janine set the mouse inside and closed the door. "See, bird? I've kept my promise to the letter," she huffed as the bird chirruped in response. "And after we reach the Wall, I'll turn the boy back to a human and do the same for you. I still need to find a better servant."
"I didn't?"
"Incredible," he murmured and John beamed.
It's over, isn't it?
"What?!" Janine gasped as she saw it.
"The heart of a star, is it?" Janine hummed curiously. "Such a prize, and all for me. And as soon as I taste it, my youth will return. And all that's left, I'll sell at the Great Market at Wall!"
John woke Sherlock and got to his feet.
"How now, dearie?" Irene greeted as she approached the star. "What a pretty face to find at the Market Fair. Stop a while under the trees and talk."
Ignoring the comment, John returned to the gap in the Wall, furrowing his brow at the woman he saw there.
As John's voice hummed peacefully, Sherlock's body seemed to obey his every instruction. When the instruction was complete, John began his chanting again. He continued for a while, just letting it fill the quiet air around them as Sherlock relaxed. John himself even began to relax as he closed his and crossed his legs. There seemed to be a calmness in the room, letting the positive energy flow between them as they both relaxed. Before they knew it, they'd been at it for hours. John finally opened his eyes and looked at the clock, eyes widening when he saw the time.
"Why you evil old crone," John began.
"Good, good," Irene answered, heading towards the door. "Just give us a shout when you want to hop out and I'll give you a hand."
"Oh, um," he murmured, then calmed himself. It wouldn't do to jerk Sherlock out of the meditation. "All right, let's come back," he hummed soothingly. "Deep breaths, as far as you can take them. Wiggle your toes and fingers a bit. Let the feeling flow back into them," he instructed. "Good. Now, roll onto your right side and just lie there for a bit while your body wakes up. Let the feeling slowly return to your whole body, every last muscle. Now while you take another deep breath, I want you to sit up slowly and gently. Let your head be the last thing that comes back into place and then open your eyes."
"You're going," he decided, grabbing his mobile and texting Anthea. Moments later, he received a response. "There. You're now a member of a health club. They have a pool and yoga and various classes you can attend. You're going to go to as many as necessary to avoid drugs, end of story. I will send a car every day to take you and pick you up. And you know I'll know if you attempt to skip a visit or use drugs again. You may continue smoking if you must, but that's it."
"Whatever, passengers are no use to me," Janine decided, shaking her head. "Just more weight for Faithless and Hopeless to pull."
Sherlock paused, ducking his head back into the room. "The name is Sherlock Holmes. And the address is 221B Baker Street," he answered, throwing in a wink before heading out to Mycroft's car as usual.
It's over, isn't it?
"What shall we do now, mistress?" the innkeeper bleated.
"They have said the Lilim were dead for ages, but they have always lied. The squirrel has not yet found the acorn that will grow into the oak that will be cut to form the cradle of the child that will grow to slay
"In what way?"
"What's wrong with you?" Sherlock snorted.
"Shut it. You don't talk about my students that way," John scolded, tempted to give Sherlock a quick swat on the arse like a child. But he couldn't and walked away towards the woman to help her with her downward dog.
"All right now, lad. Let's see what your problem is," John hummed, going to see the horse. "Let's see if we can't find some warm oats and bran for--" He was cut off as he saw it was the unicorn that had been carrying the Star. As he opened the stall, the unicorn moved to block his exit. "The Star is here! He is the other guest! You have to let me past! I need to talk to him!" he insisted, but the beast refused to move, instead sniffing at the mug of burnt ale. "What is it? Is something wrong?" John asked, groaning as the unicorn stuck its horn in his drink. "Oooh, that's a waste," he huffed, but frowned and watched as the ale began to turn a sickly green and bubble. He recalled a story his mother had told him as a child about the horn of a unicorn. A powerful sovereign against poison indeed. "Poison....my drink was poisoned.....and Lord Richard and the Star are inside the inn! Let me through, please!"
Why can't I move on?
John went at it like he never had before, watching Sherlock's every move to make sure he was enjoying it. Using his hand and mouth at different points, he felt Sherlock get hard and continued pressing kisses to his length to show that he still loved every last bit of Sherlock. And for the first time in two years, they had sex. "Real" sex, that is. John grabbed a condom and slid it on with Sherlock's permission, making sure the detective was okay and actually wanted this before they went at it. John finally was able to penetrate Sherlock and it was the best sex he'd ever had, even if there were a few mistakes here and there. But they fit together so well, they didn't care what happened. And when it was finally over, they collapsed together in Sherlock's bed, panting and sweating, but both grinning.
"Hello, love," Mary greeted, sounding chipper, if a bit confused.
"Sorry, mate. Not a chance," Greg answered. He'd been guarding the Wall for ages and he never let anyone pass.
"I will not have you disrespecting my husband and our decision. Now go,'' suddenly came Mrs. Holmes's firm voice. She was clearly not to be trifled with and so he left.
"And now I must carry it about with me," Sherlock sighed.
"Fewer of them and fewer of them every nine-year," Janine sighed, shaking her head. "Mark my word, slave, soon enough, this market will be just a memory."
It's over, isn't it?
Inside the inn, Sherlock had left the bath and accepted a robe offered by the innkeeper's wife, limping into a chair to relax. He certainly felt much better, but hardly failed to notice the set of knives on another table nearby.
"But....I have no wish to be a Lord of anywhere or anything, except perhaps someone's heart.
"I don't take passengers," Richard told him firmly as he climbed back into the driver's seat of the carriage.
"I swear to you by the rules and constraints of the sisterhood to which we both belong that I mean you no harm, and shall treat you as if you were my own guest," Irene swore as she approached.
"It's wounds aren't too deep. You could probably ride it and stay off that leg," John suggested. "That would help with the healing and speed up our travel."
"Who?"
Isn't it?
Rosie had been one year old when it happened. With Mary taking care of their daughter, John had gone out on a case with Sherlock yet again, eager for the adrenaline and the chase. But this case had turned out so much differently from the rest. The suspect had accomplices they hadn't expected, all of whom were armed. Sherlock was without a weapon and John, even with his firearm, couldn't protect them both. As the suspect and his gang fired at Sherlock, John jumped into action. The man pushed Sherlock out of the way and fired his own weapon, trading Sherlock's life for his own. After living through Afghanistan, John had thought he'd escaped the threat of being fatally shot. He'd been wrong.
