Having Sherlock, in every sense of the word with everything it implies. I’ve never brought it up with him beyond that first conversation, where he told me in no uncertain terms that he was married to his work. And I don’t think he’s straight. No, Sherlock is queer as fuck, I can pick up on that much at least. I just--
I’m not paying any attention to Lestrade at all now, just took another picture of the part of the tracks where the victim clearly was when he? she? don’t know; didn’t ask was hit. But those lights, though.
“I’m just…he’s seemed off, lately,” Donovan said, a little hesitant. “Just...keep an eye on him, will you? As much as he bugs me I do want him to be okay.”
If you're still reading, thanks! I got off track last week, and I'm hoping to catch up this week/end.
Things had begun to unravel soon after John moved back to Baker Street permanently. That morning, as he set his wedding ring on the kitchen counter and hailed a cab, carrying is army-issue duffel and a cardboard box, John had felt a sense of rightness, a certainty that finally his life was done with change and catastrophe. He would go back to Baker Street, where he felt more at home than anywhere else in the world, and he intended to poke and Sherlock until he agreed to give up drugs, and guide him through detox, and everything that had been so heart-shatteringly terrible for the past year would sort itself out. John was so absorbed in his thoughts that he barely saw London passing by outside the cab windows.
“Right, then,” John had said. Decision made, he had pushed his mug of tea away from himself, and in one of the moments in his life he was proudest of, had punched the pureblood git right in the face.
He paused, chuckling to himself at the irony of him walking up to Sherlock, insensible and exposing his neck, and the sound of a familiar voice was finally enough to wake the detective.
Anyway I don’t know why I’m still texting you, it’s not like you’re getting any of these at all, wherever you are. JW
He waited a few moments, making sure he heard the faucet turning on and John’s inebriated, mumbled curses as he stumbled his way into the bath. There were a few splashes (John dropping the soap, then a washcloth, and finally his opened shampoo bottle, Sherlock theorized, based on the noise) followed by some half-hearted curses, and then it was time.
“Fucking--oh,” John said with a sharp intake of breath. “We’ve been walking for twenty minutes, Sherlock! You should have bloody well said something earlier,” he hissed, trying to keep his voice down in case any hostiles were nearby.
Sherlock knew this from experience, of course. When he has first realized the truth of what had been done to him—that it was not merely a drug-induced hallucination but a grim, physical reality—he had tested his body’s new limits in every way he could think of. He knew exactly how long he could go between pills, and exactly how much extra time taking more than his usual dose (two) pills would give him.
There was an interesting point where the noise made by the heating water got louder and louder until just as it began to boil, the noise dropped to a whisper. Admittedly, the property was more easily distinguished with boiling N2, but for those who knew what they were listening for it was possible to hear it in water’s phrase transition as well.
John laughed softly. “If anyone could do that it would be you. You would have made an amazing chemist, in the muggle world.”
“Mmm…” Sherlock purred appreciatively as he opened the bottle, releasing the scent of cherry blossoms into the air. He gently rubbed the silky liquid across his chest, shoulders, thighs––everywhere he could reach. A few moments later, Sherlock stood proudly in front of the bathroom mirror, naked as the day he was born. The shimmering lotion was worth the splurge, after all. His pale skin looked wonderfully soft and radiant. Sherlock grinned at his reflection. Just then, he heard the doorbell ring.
He would ask this while doing something ostensibly innocuous, like pouring water into the kettle or mashing a tea bag against the side of his mug to make his tea brew faster, and each time Sherlock would look at him sideways.
The little vials he had retrieved from the safe where he kept his regular pills were lined up along the edge of the table in a precise row. Sherlock always opened them in the same order, always used them in the same order. There was something comforting about the constancy of their effect. What was in the vials would never lie to him, never betray him, never lead him to think one thing and then deny it vehemently to Lestrade mere hours later.
“It was an old family recipe, came with the hives. I just followed it, and I was halfway through a chemistry degree by then anyway,” Sherlock said.
First and foremost: if you read this and think that there are other tags/warnings that would be appropriate that I have not added already, PLEASE TELL ME ASAP. I don't want to blindside anyone with something they don't want to see. I've added the non-con tag because there is a small amount of non-con contact in this chapter. If that is not something you want to read, let's part here as friends. (See you over in This Message Could Not Be Delivered later on this week!)
“Oh, this silly thing? It’s really nothing,” John said, not sure why he was embarrassed by it. “I got this Christmas card last year. Christmas Eve it came in, if you can believe that. Written by some school kid, probably because their teacher made them. But I liked the picture, and there was something funny about the date. I just sort of held onto it.” He fell silent, and when Mike didn’t reply, he began to feel a little odd. Unsure what to do next, he decided to show Mike the card.
It’s more than what would he be thinking, though--what would he be seeing? What am I not seeing? What does he see, when he stands in front of a broken window or a body? All those details, all linked together, a path of tiny facts leading to an unassailable conclusion. It’s amazing, really.
Sherlock saw a flash of metal, and then a screaming pain lit through his back. “Encouragement.” The sudden stab, the invasion, the sharp, bright, wrongness of it knocked him to the side and Sherlock struggled to sit up again. His back felt wet, and he willed himself to ignore it.
“Right.” John unbuttoned the cuff of his shirt, then rolled it up above his elbow. Sherlock rolled onto his other side and buried his face in John’s elbow.
I freeze. It’s been a while since I thought about Mary. All of the thoughts that one could have, I’ve had; I’ve followed all of the trails of logic and conversation down to all of the possible outcomes in my head but they all seem to lead to the same reality that I am living in now, which is: divorced after an embarrassingly short marriage after a short engagement.
The title of this chapter comes from something John of Gaunt says to Henry Bollingbroke in Richard II, Act, 1, Scene 3. The full line is: ""The sullen passage of they weary steps/esteem as foil wherein thou art to set/the precious jewel of they home return."
In John’s experience, a rescue operation that seems to be going well is always about to go completely to shit.
“Oh, sorry, Ryan. I’m late for office hours...Sherlock, we’ll have to discuss those pathology results another time,” Mike said, turning to walk with the student back to his office.
“I thought about you too,” John admitted. “I wondered if you still lived in England, what you had grown up to be like. If your house was as warm and cosy on the inside as it looked from the picture.”
“Hey. You need a break,” John said. “You’re been at this awhile, yeah?“ He set the bow on the arm of the sofa and lifted Sherlock’s left hand from the strings. A smudge of red remained on the strings above the ebony fingerboard.
, John thought. He knew there were other, more productive ways to deal with his current emotional crisis but sod it. Right now he just wanted to hide in this obscure pub and have one-sided, telepathic conversations with the empty beer bottles in front of him.
There. A light in the distance, a campfire, perhaps, in the ruins? The glow partly shielded by the crumbled stone, but that is definitely a campfire of some sort. Idiots. After all these careful months? If they were going to be this sloppy, why not do it at the beginning and spare his knees and foot (shifts weight: ankle definitely broken. Likely simple fracture, as no bone protruding. Wishing there was a medical man on this mission. But then, this wasn’t supposed to be survivable. Indend to both complete mission and survive it to spite Mycroft.)
Holmes had stared at him, utterly shocked by this development, and John had shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts, before continuing in a softer, but no less angry, voice. “So you don’t get to do this. You don’t get to threaten me, Mycroft Holmes.”
“Shush,” he said quietly. “Can I--I need...” For some reason, these inexpressive mumblings were reassuring to Sherlock, who seemed to melt a little bit against him. John wondered with a little thrill of fear if Sherlock was deducing anything about him from this, then intentionally stopped wondering.
“Um,” John said eloquently, “then you mean you aren’t…” he trailed off, unsure how to finish the thought.
I’m not daydreaming about it or anything! It’s not like that. (Is it like that, with him, ever, with anyone? How would I know?) I’m just sketching out an idea, just getting a plan in place so I can do what I need to do if the situation comes up. I mean, I’ve always got a few things on hand at Baker St. Just being practical. With his line of work I never know what condition he’s going to show up in.
Welcome back to the Seasonal Fucking Cheer 2016 Ficathon! Today's prompt is: "Inappropriate gifts: benefits and drawbacks"
Sherlock put his hands over his face and looked up, peeking at John from between his fingers. John’s face was red, and his eyes were angry, cold. This was it, then. The end of everything.
“Your hands are tan, but you’ve no tan lines above your wrists, I can see just there where your coat sleeve is pushed up a bit. So you’ve gotten some sun but not sunbathing. Abroad for work, then. The way you hold yourself says military and your limp, which is almost certainly psychosomatic clearly says recently injured under traumatic circumstances. So: military, been abroad recently, and injured. That leaves Afghanistan or Iraq.” Sherlock’s words rushed out in a torrent, threatening to pull John under.
Here's chapter 10! I know a lot of people hate to read works in progress, as we've all been disappointed by that one amazing fic that was never finished, so I really appreciate everyone who has been reading along with me or who is starting to read along now! I have one more chapter after this one already written and beta read by the wonderful Unpopcultural, and I'm starting to plan out where I want the rest of this fic to go. As always I welcome your comments and suggestions, and thank you for reading!
John muttered curses while he struggled into his tie, which did not seem to want him to knot it around his neck, and stuffed his feet into his shoes. There were condoms spilling out of his bag along with his books and wand, and he swept the lot unceremoniously back into the bag and threw it over his shoulder.
“I think you will once you see what it is,” Donovan sang. “It’s sort of a present for John too, really...”
Police sirens blaring from the street wake me up, and I roll over to check my phone. Battery dead. I lean off the edge of the bed, fishing around on the floor for the charger, and plug it in. How long has it been dead for? What if?
“And I received it eleven months ago in Afghanistan,” John said. “It’s not what it looks like, I wasn’t stalking you. I just ran into Mike in the park and I was holding it because--well, I always liked looking at it, the house, with the hedges and the snow and everything--and Mike asked to see it and I didn’t want to show him because it’s a bit off, innit, carrying around a letter from a stranger written twenty-four years ago, but I couldn’t think of a good excuse not to show him and I did and then he said he knew you and was going to meet you and practically
So. A mistake in his deduction. Not a hit on him at all, more likely low level criminals, smugglers a likely option given the seam on the side leading to a hidden compartment--excellent.
Oh, brilliant deduction, I think. Well, he’s clearly not going to let me leave until I give him something, so come on Watson, think of something. Give him some detail he hasn’t already noticed so you can get out of here. (That won’t be too hard--Lestrade doesn’t notice much.) Think Watson, think. What’s here, or what’s not here, what would he be thinking.
“What? No, I haven’t,” John answered. He stared at Sherlock, unsure why his friend suddenly looked so queasy. “I’d remember something like that,” he finished.
At this, Mycroft had gathered what little remained of his dignity snatched his wand off the table, and turned and left.
Sherlock shook his head. “John, I—it’s not—can you just,” he finished, tugging at the buttons on his shirt. John nodded and stepped back a little.
John was pulled from this dangerous train of thought by Sherlock’s lamp-like eyes, which were suddenly very close to John’s own.
An hour and a half—Sherlock checked his watch. Half four. That gave him until six pm before he would start displaying symptoms that John would not be able to ignore, an hour and a half in which to solve this crime before the truth of his nature made itself known to John and quite possibly ruined his entire carefully constructed existence. John would leave, and without John there was nothing.
“You didn’t?” Lestrade was aghast. “But the way you looked at him! And he was more prickly than usual! So what, you went on a secret date last night Sherlock doesn’t know about? Because don’t lie to me John, I think I know what it looks like when you ‘re pleased about how last night played out.”
If you're reading this, thank you for sticking with this fic so far! I've had a HELL of a 2016 and we're only two weeks into it. On new year's day I had a miscarriage at 8 weeks, and coming back from that has been...difficult. My lovely beta Unpopcultural had already returned this chapter and the next two with very helpful comments and edits, so assuming that I continue to morph back into a regular human you will be seeing those chapters soon. Rest assured, I DO intend to finish this fic (and put our poor Baker Street boys out of their pining misery!).
“I think they probably know already,” John said, trying to lighten the mood. “Don’t your types put sorting announcements in the Daily Prophet?”
John stifled a giggle. As a muggle-born, the phrase “medicinal herbs” meant something quite different to him than it did to most other witches and wizards.
The footsteps paused outside Sherlock’s bedroom door, then abruptly turned to the left as the bathroom door squeaked open. Sherlock listened carefully, but did not hear the latch fall into place. Well, then. The phrase “you’ve rather shown your hand there, Dr. Watson” echoed in his mind.
The floor creaked as John took a few tentative steps towards the sofa, debating to himself whether or not he should wake Sherlock. He looked peaceful, but—today was a No Pills day and unless Sherlock had changed his habit and taken them, he would be blue and shivering before dawn.
“Mon tabarnak, j’éspere que vous savez déja,” Sherlock spits back, “puisque que vous êtes loué pour me retrouver.“ He really wishes he had a gun at this point. Or any sort of long range weapon. Or any weapon at all.
A twinge of pain in his arm brought all the details back: ducking away from Lestrade, the knife-throwing murder suspect, John. John. The worst thing that Sherlock could imagine (okay, second-worst, he admitted to himself—the worst did not bear thinking of) had happened the night before and…he felt wonderful. Floaty. Warm, when he likely should have been shivering already. Sherlock picked up his phone: it was already after 9 am. He definitely should have been shivering already.
Sherlock was dying. He was sure of it. The hot, delicious drag of John’s cock sliding in and out of his body was maddening. He never imagined it could be this incredible. He could feel John’s heart beating so close to his own. It almost felt like they had become one person. There was nothing but John. Everything was John. It was all too much but not enough at the same time. He wanted to crawl inside John’s skin and never leave. He wanted more. So much more. And he was frightened by how much he wanted. Oh, how he wanted.
“Oh, Sherlock…” he flicked his wand, taking control of the petal again. It drifted to Sherlock’s face, who though he eyed it warily, allowed the petal to float closer and to dab the tears that threatened to spill from his eyes. “I know it’s been a hard year for you.”
“Oh, well I wouldn’t worry. I’m sure everything is fine and he just had a few late patients at the clinic,” Mrs. Hudson said.
“Blood,” he clarified. “They replace blood. I synthesized an imitation of the relevant components of human blood, put them into pill form. It means I don’t have to…” He trailed off. “Don’t have to drink it,” he finished.
Sherlock set his teacup on the side table and snuggled down into the blanket. “All right. Goodnight, John.”
I’ve started bringing a few things with me when Lestrade calls, not much, just a few things to help me identify the cause of death faster so that I can get away from Lestrade and his questions faster. Every time it’s the same--“Where’s Sherlock“ “You alone again” and “Just like him, leaving with no explanation“ and more questions I can’t answer. Doesn’t he know I want those questions answered more than he does, more than anyone else probably? He’s not Lestrade’s flatmate, he’s mine, and I don’t think it’s too much to ask to want to know where he is.
“And somehow, you, John Watson, in spite of your impure blood, you seem unaware of your place,” the man had said in a tone far milder than the words implied.
“I can’t imagine what you are referring to,” Sherlock said stiffly. “I’m sure you’ve done nothing at all.”
“Still think we could have come during the day, when this place was open, rather than breaking in though,” John added.
“It’s almost as if you’re one of my vital organs now, John. It’s inconvenient, really. I used to think I was better off alone but now, when I try to imagine life without you, I find the thought so unbearable that––mmmpphhh!!!”
Sherlock glanced at John, who shrugged. He crumpled the wrapping paper into a ball and dropped it on the floor, then flipped to August.
Sherlock’s eyes glowed, and he focused on John’s cane. “You already knew your limp was psychosomatic, that’s why you forget about it when you’re standing up and hold your cane so loosely...hang on.” He trailed off. “What’s that?”
A little harsh but seriously Lestrade, I had my hands inside some poor drunk’s liver for half the morning, have a little respect.
He didn’t open the card as often anymore; he mostly knew the words by heart and usually what he really wanted was to look at the house. To imagine the warm hearthfires that must be inside, and the wide sofas and deep armchairs with soft cushions.
Notes poured forth from Sherlock’s violin, notes he would be ashamed for John to hear if he were here. John, he thought, and forced his fingertips harder against the strings, his knuckles whitening as he gripped the bow. A few bow hairs had broken in his fury and he knew he would regret it later, knew he would be wincing as he typed or texted for the next few days, but that was rather the point--not the notes.
There was a flash of movement out of the corner of his right eye, and then a burning pain in his right arm. Damn. His hour-and-a-half time limit did not include the possibility of losing any blood. If he lost under a pint he should have about thirty minutes, but any more….hypothermia was right around the corner. Sherlock stumbled against the doorframe and prudently decided to sit down.
I mean I’m basically assuming by now you don’t see any of this, not sure why I’m writing it. Maybe as a reminder of what I want to tell you about when you get back. JW
Sherlock reached out to steady the top volume in the pile as he pushed the stack of textbooks towards the centre of the dresser. The 1976 edition of Recent Advanced in Ecology--hmm. Sherlock settled on the floor with his back against the bed, the book in one hand, and his tea in the other. Sometimes, there was the most fascinating unfinished research in these old journals…
John made sure to ask him every morning if Sherlock had taken his pills, and Sherlock was beginning to be suspicious of his intentions.
He heads farther out to sea, one name in his mind, echoing in time with the sound of the waves on the side of his boat--
“He says to have a look at the light fixtures, that there might be something in there, I don’t know, he doesn’t say what. Just that it’s unlikely that so many would go out at once and be left that way.“ I put my phone back in my pocket, pick up my bag. “I’m opening the surgery today so I’ve got to go.” Start walking away quickly, get away before he can ask me any more questions.
“It’s just that––you once said dating wasn’t your area,” the doctor began, trying hard not to let his voice quiver. “And I know you, Sherlock. You’re intense. You jump into things you’re excited about. You give it your all,” John babbled, his heart beating wildly in his chest.
“Not at first. Not without a little--” the man paused, his flat smile reaching a little to his eyes. He stood up from the chair and walked over to where Sherlock was sitting, taking his time until he stood behind Sherlock.
He crept up to the side of the building and peered through the basement windows. The basement was an absolute disaster. There was a narrow trail winding through the basement, which seemed to be all one room divided up by enormous mounds of junk. Stalagmites made of newspaper reached almost to the ceiling, supported by heaps of pop bottles and pizza boxes.
“Now you listen to me, Holmes,” John began, his voice stern in a way that John had never directed at Sherlock before. Sherlock felt his shoulders tense, but he still refused to look at John. “If you think I am going to abandon you to those psychopaths for three entire months, you’re not--” John broke off.
“You memorized them.” Sherlock couldn’t keep the note of incredulity from his voice. His John Watson, memorize anything more detailed than a shopping list? Half the time he couldn’t even get those right.
“I can read, Sherlock. Ye’ve got stron-strontium hydride on the counter and—fuck! Does that one have mercury in it?” John pointed at the offending vial.
“I might do, yeah, if I thought you would actually answer them,” John said. “But I fancy I know you pretty well, Sherlock Holmes. So you are going to have a drink, and then we’re both going to have a cuppa, and then we’re going to go give our statements at the Yard.”
John rolls his eyes. “I’m not having this conversation with a man in a Halloween costume,” he says. “Piss off.” He considers pulling out his gun, but dismisses the idea. No need to escalate this prematurely. Cosplay Moriarty doesn’t seem too stable. He’s swaying back and forth and half the time isn’t even pointing his pistol at John, Sherlock, or anything in particular.
“There,” Sherlock said, waving the card around. John was startled to realize that he still had it--normally if the card was away from him for so long he began to feel anxious, but he was surprised to realize that it didn’t bother him at all that Sherlock was still holding the card. “It’s Christmas next week, I’m going. Come with me.”
“Do…do you want me,” John asked, his voice very quiet, almost not a question. Sherlock twisted his head around to look over his shoulder at John. His eyes washed over John’s expression, the seriousness and the worry and—fondness?
B-flat major had always been a challenge for him—it was right on the border of “ just one or two low notes” and “fuck it, just play everything flat,” and working through the transposition on the fly in his head tickled in a pleasant way. He played it through twice in the new key to be sure he had it, then went up an octave.
Meanwhile, John was having a bad dream upstairs. In his mind, he saw the arsonist they were interrogating earlier. The arsonist took off his face like a mask and revealed that he was Moriarty. Moriarty then pulled out a gun and before John could do anything, Sherlock was shot in the head.
“Now we’ll both sleep better,” John said, yawning as he pulled the covers down. In an instant Sherlock had wiggled himself under the covers and peered out of them at John looking for all the world like a very snug, very tall caterpillar. “I get worried about you sometimes, you know.” John pulled off his shoes and socks, then climbed in after him.
When he was gone, Sherlock snatched up his violin again and dragged the bow across the A string, which had flattened to 398 Hertz from his earlier mistreatment of it. He turned the peg a hair’s breath, bringing it back to 442, the slight sharpness that he preferred. Sherlock closed his eyes, called up “Forest Green” in his mind, and began to play.
Sorry about the delay on this one....work has calmed down a bit and I hope to be posting more frequently.
“Um. No. But it’s not not-helping?” Sherlock replied. He leaned over to the counter and added the last of the cherries and raisins, then craned his neck back to look at John. “I need to put this in the oven.”
“Ah, no ma’am. I mean I’m very interested in them, ma’am,“ John said. He was glad there were no other muggle-borns in this classroom. They would probably have gotten an ulcer trying to restrain themselves from laughing just as much as John.
Because the more he thought over their conversation, the more convinced he was becoming that Sherlock thought he was extremely creepy at best and a dangerous stalker at worst. Lying in bed, the curtains drawn against the streetlight outside his window, John was able to admit to himself what he feared most about tomorrow: that Sherlock would demand the card’s return.
I'm turning into a huge fan of Dr. Yildiz. She's vaguely based on a sister-in-law of mine (i have 7) who, while not a biochemist, is smart and takes no shit from anyone.
Seasonal Fucking Cheer 2016 Ficathon Day 7: "There is an overabundance of seasonally appropriate decor in this flat"
John glances over at Sherlock, who immediately tries to look innocent and not at all like someone who is eavesdropping intently on his conversation with Lestrade.
“You know what? We’re leaving,” John said, snatching the calendar away and tossing it at Greg. “This is not funny and we have better things to be doing.”
“Tagging along with your boyfriend again, are you?” Anderson sneered, and Sherlock wondered if this time John might actually hit him. He could count on one hand the number of times he had seen John look this angry – but somehow John just smiled pleasantly at Anderson. This was deeply unsettling, and Sherlock said the only thing he could think of to restore some normalcy to the conversation.
There. It was done. His eyes were itching, burning, and he couldn’t stand for John to see him for one more second.
He did not look at John, but opened the medicine cabinet and pulled out a bottle at random. Something pinged in the back of his brain, an itch of
Then John put a hand on his arm, just below the cut, to prepare to stitch him up, and they both flinched.
It doesn’t take time to hit the forward button! Come on, send it to him. He really came through for us on that last one. GL
“You thought I was using again. It’s fine. I knew you would, that’s why I hid them,” Sherlock replied, unscrewing the cap and shaking two robin-s egg blue pills into his hand.
“Shouldn’t you put your tie on? You’ll get points taken from Hufflepuff if you’re caught without it,” John said.
They said in silence, then for a long time. The sun began to set and eventually Sherlock sniffled and spoke.
“The postmark is from 1992,” John said. “I figure it must have gotten lost? Sat in a mailroom for years, and then somehow delivered to my unit.”
“That––was amazing,” John gasped a few moments later, gently wiping his cum off Sherlock’s skin with his towel. Sherlock wasn’t quite back on planet Earth just yet and could only manage a small sigh.
Well. It hardly mattered, on his end of the situation. Whether or not John knew he was coming he still had another week at sea at least, until he could reach the eastern coast of Scotland and swap his guide as a hobby fisher for a rucksack and rambling gear and make his way to his outpost bolthole. He glances down at the foot--still purple, larger than the other. Probably infected. Still broken, healing at a substandard rate. He resolves to keep an eye on it (to what end: no doctor on board this boat, if all goes according to plan, no contact with other humans until he’s far inland in Scotland), catalogue the damage.
“I don’t remember that conversation, and I have an eidetic memory,” Sherlock replied. “Besides, I’m not doing anything dangerous.” To illustrate, he picked up the spray bottle again and puffed it at the flame. A mist of 0.5 molar sodium hydroxide glowed red in the flame as it burned.
Because that’s back, now he’s--fucking gone. Sherlock fucking bloody Holmes is gone and I, John Watson, am an absolute wreck. Finally admitting it to myself, not even out loud, does absolutely nothing to help.
“John, John, John,” chanted Sherlock, almost delirious with want, his pale body undulating restlessly on the sheets.
Lestrade’s irritated and seems to think I am too--impossible to convey tone over these short messages. I’m actually excited, my thumbs twitching over the touchscreen, because I think I’m onto something, and he just thinks I’m repeating what Holmes says. Well.
“Oh,” John replied, tilting his head to the side. “D-did––did you cancel your date because we had a row? I––I’m sorry, Sherlock, I didn’t ––“
“You don’t have to open that,” John said quietly, leaning closer to his ear. “We can leave right now if you want. Just leave it on the chair and we’ll go.”
His current supply of pills was from the third batch he had made. The first had been too strong, and when he had shown up at a crime scene after taking one of those pills, Lestrade had accused him of being back on drugs (technically true, but not the drugs Lestrade meant), then told him he was burning up and to go home and sleep off his fever. The second batch of pills had become contaminated when he was called away from babysitting a delicate step of the synthesis to a chase, and….well, he had been making them in a pathology lab. There was no shortage of possible contaminants. Sherlock was fairly certain the second batch were contaminated only with the common, dull Streptococcus pneumoniae, but found he was not actually all that interested in testing this out. He’d thrown them in the incinerator down in the Bart’s cadaver lab.
“Fine, I’m texting you some pictures but only if you promise to send them to him right away,” Lestrade pleads. “We’re really out of our depth here.”
How else could he rationalize to himself his response when John had appeared in his cell, looking every bit the part of the dashing rescuer?
Phone in hand again, this time to verify that  the telescoping camera lens extensionis still in place. More discreet to take a few pictures and study those than to haul binoculars up this absurd tree. And there they are. The five men that he has been tracking for months, finally all converged around a campfire. The four that Mycroft has suspected and the arms dealer himself (in person? Truly an idiot) that Mycroft thought they had been in contact with all around the same campfire in the absolute middle of godforsaken nowhere, and for all appearances completely unaware they were being observed and photographed.
I stumble up from my chair, still looking at the man who has never failed to surprise me. I join into the melody, but falter when I see the look in John's eyes. Oh, joy! He loves me. Of this I am certain.
Now. I could care less that John has somehow further found a way to scrape the barrel of London’s available women. I don’t mind how smug and self-assured he comes back from his rendezvous, but that fact is that it is starting to affect the work. I tell John this as he attempts to leave the house on the Thursday before Christmas.
A short, olive-skinned man approaches Sherlock, inviting him to dance. Sherlock turns him down, more gently than I’ve ever seen him. Where’s the man who scolded Mrs. Hudson for sniveling at the threat of a bullet? Who called a dominatrix ‘boring’? Who broke Molly Hooper’s heart (again) at Christmas?
Sherlock looks around, incredulous, at our surroundings. The throngs of men, the heavy dance music, the ‘flamboyant’ drinks. “I’ll leave you to your deductions, John.”
What in the bloody, buggering, hell is going on here. I do Sherlock the favor of reopening a case and what do I get in return? A front seat show to the most awkward strip tease I’ve ever been unfortunate enough witness. And I’ve been to Bangers and Mash on a Tuesday afternoon.
“I don’t know what Restylane is, but you don’t need it. Christ, you’re the most gorgeous thing I’ve ever seen. And I’d love to take you out and show you off to the world if I didn’t think that the second you saw, really saw, how much out of my league you are in the faces of our friends, clients, strangers, you would realize that I was just a stepping stone in some miraculous mid-life sexual awakening you seem to be having.”
“I’m not married yet, Sherlock. And I just found out tonight that the man I… that you are no longer married to your work, is that right?”
In any event, I have vowed this year to abstain from any presents. It only gets me into trouble. In years past, John was disappointed that I neglected to get him anything, but when I take the time to handcraft a gift that is both useful and flattering to the recipient, John says things to me like “inappropriate” and “you’ve ruined the party” and “bloody hell, Sherlock how far does this research go back?” I’m a graduate chemist and one of the most celebrated minds in London. I don’t need to be chastised like this.
What’s a five letter word for a freshwater fish? Ah, yes. Trout. My mouth is hanging open like a trout.
The woman holds up a hateful red and green knitted reindeer sweater. She approaches me with single minded focus. I feel time slow down.
John finds yet another lady to occupy his time. How dare he! Sherlock is reluctantly lassoed into the spirit of the season. Mrs. Hudson meddles.
“Yes, really. If I were to take you to my sort of bar, you would find yourself the fish out of water, so to speak.”
The madman hits the deck and lowers himself to his stomach, gracelessly undulated on the lid of the dumpster like a fish.
He turns back and smiles at me, the real, warm smile, reserved for those rare time when he can’t help it and the joy pours out of him. Twenty nine days later and all the days that come after, that’s where I want to be.
. It has a name. A young, perky name. Well, Katie, I’ve been saving John Watson long before you finished primary school. I won’t concede so easily.
And right then, I realize what I need, what we both need. The dangerous and exciting routine our lifestyle brings with that same undying and unwavering affection— but this time, not unspoken. I know who we are. And so does he.
Sherlock scoffs at me, looks around the room. I can’t help feeling that we should be having this discussion and any other time or place, but at least we’re finally having it.
We drive for a good while to the other side of town during which time I sober up considerably. The cabbie slows down in front of an unassuming grey building with tall, steel doors. Sherlock hops out the door, leaving me to pay as usual. He quickly pops back in and pays the cabbie.
“Sherlock, what’s going on?” Lestrade tries to open an umbrella and pokes himself in the eye with the spokes. “Bloody hell.  Seriously, what are we doing here. Last week at the crime scene I’m sure you proved against Mahoney’s innocence beyond a shadow of a doubt.”
I pull out my binoculars to see more clearly. “Is that the wife? I thought she fled after learning the truth about her husband.”
The fact of the matter is, it was probably inappropriate for me to serenade John to sleep in the first place. He has made it clear that that is not a part of his life I should be involved in, that part being things bedroom adjacent.
I thought this new balance we had struck was working for us both, but twenty nine days in, I am sure of it. Sherlock is stumped, and I’m the only way out.
In truth, the details of my stag night out with Sherlock don’t really matter. When Sherlock retells the story at my wedding (to Mary), he will speak of the case: the motive, the weapon, the victim, the killer. He will be enchanting, as always. He will surprise everyone, and himself, with just how human he is capable of being. He will surprise me (he always does). The lucky attendants will be privy to the inner workings of Sherlock’s magnificent brain and they will have a chance to know, even just a little bit, the thrill of being his faithful companion.
“And is that why… is that how you met Jack? Seems like a nice enough guy. You ought to bring him to the wedding.” What am I doing?
“I don’t know, Lestrade.” John eyes Sherlock with great interest, egging him on. “I think you’ll find people are full of surprises when it comes to love.”
And John Watson, conqueror of women on no less than three continents, licks his lips and tilts his chin up in a challenge. “I don’t know, Sherlock. I think I need a bit more evidence.” Sherlock’s face creeps up red with heat and his smirks at John.
Well, that was the moment, I suppose. Quite odd, but it’s fitting. I can’t help but wonder how things would have played out differently if either of them had the self-esteem to see what was right in front of them and—oh, the wife is stabbing Mahoney now.
scolded when I gifted John a report on the reach and success of his sexual conquests organized by location of origin of each partner, duration of each encounter, and overall partner satisfaction.
I throw my glass to my mouth, possibly dribbling a bit. I wipe my face with my sleeve and push myself off where I lean on the table. I'm already on way towards them when I say, "Not his girlfriend, Molly. Not if I can help it."
It’s Sherlock’s turn to avoid eye contact with me. He seizes the drink and takes a long sip through the thick green straw. “I love this drink. Excellent choice. Just let me enter its ABV into my phone.”
He stands up and lifts his hand to an empty street. “I’m sure you will love it.” All at once, five cabs skid up to the kerb. They crash into each other, horns blaring, but one pulls up in front of the pileup. I stand, mouth agape, as Sherlock opens the door to the undamaged taxi.
I stand up, surreptitiously wipe my eyes, and hold out my hand to him. I echo the words of a former self, a man who had no idea just how much meaning those words would afford themselves later on. “So, you’re unattached then, like me. Good.”
"Go away," I grumble. John shakes with laughter beneath me. I can feel his delight run through me. Heavenly.
He presents his milky white, unmarred, freshly manicured hands to me. But who am I to look a gift horse in the mouth. He stands up and I plunge my hand unceremoniously into the man’s front pocket.
“Nice of you to finally stop by, John.” The man giggles to his coworkers and shoos away my attempt at a tip.
I took a moment and stood there, filled with pride and happiness at my friend’s maturation. If I were to accomplish nothing else in my career, giving Sherlock Holmes the opportunity to find his love would be more than enough for me.
But she's wrong! John is not nothing, he is everything, and my everything is cruelly using my bedroom as some sort of love shack for his latest conquests.
Katie stands in the corner of the room, smugness intact, and encourages John to come further into the room. My eyes are fixed on him and surely my mouth is agape, so I don't notice at first when Mrs. Hudson puts my violin on my lap.
“I’m sorry for that outburst, John. You must keep in mind I’m not used to imbibing so much at such a rapid pace.”
Sherlock walked confidently up to a dumpster up ahead in the alley and slipped on the slick surface as he hoisted himself up. Once he got his footing, he stretched his arms above his head and ran his fingers through his hair.
John pulls me aside, still allowing me to hold his compact torso. It's as if we are bound together by the static electricity generated from our inexpensive jumpers. This thought in particular alerts me to just how drunk I might be. Would John dislike my momentary foray away from science into romanticism? Oh, he looks as if he’s something to say to me. He speaks harshly, but without anger. "Christ, Sherlock. What has gotten into you?"
He looks up at me, at first hopeful. Suddenly, his eyes close off and he permeates a hurt that I never want to see again. “John, are you mocking me?” His voice comes out so quiet, so small.
Mostly, I find discomfort during the holidays because people act in unpredictable ways. This time of year either sends people into debilitating bouts of depression or hyperactive spells of retail mania; the usual motives I have come to suspect from people have no place in the winter time. There is no study to be had from a suicide spurred from loneliness or assault and battery over a coveted toy at the shops.
The situation calls for Drinks with a capital D. I want to show Sherlock I am more than comfortable being here, so I spot the biggest, most colorful drink a patron is enjoying and order two from the bartender. At the mention of Sherlock’s name, a few of the surrounding bartenders eye me up. The bartender I order from hands me the drinks, evidently named the Orange Pippi Longsnoggings (Christ).
"Katie, of course. Perhaps you would be interested in the gift I gave John last year. It might be helpful for you to see how the previous women John has cast aside fared in a physical relationship with him." Katie looks over at John in disbelief. Time to go in for the kill. I lean in and whisper loudly in a way only tipsy revelers during the holidays can, "Truth be told, many of the women couldn't handle John's considerable girth, but that hasn't been a problem for us, has it, John?"
I mean. Ever since he was last cast aside from one of London’s more forgettable women, his mood and behavior have changed drastically. At first I thought it could be because Christmas is a mere five days away, but these are behaviors I have noted year round in some of my clients.
It’s true I dislike Christmas for what one might consider the predictable reasons. As a man who spends a great deal of time investigating breakings and enterings, I take offence to the notion that a Mycroft-sized man squeezing himself through narrow passageways is not only considered plausible, but
I know I said earlier that I would be willing to fulfill any role in Dr. John Watson’s life that he would permit me, but shouldn’t there be some reciprocity? Let me explain.
He finally distances himself from me completely. I feel irrationally empty. He shakes his head and exhales, steeling himself, before he comes back up to me. He tentatively puts his hands on my shoulders, whispering and looking at me as if his words hold great importance. "Sherlock, if this is what I think it is, and I hope to God I'm right..."
“Because the length and intensity of that kiss demonstrated more than just a means of interruption of a deserved tirade on one of England’s surely most disposable service persons.”
Dusty garland hoisted up from the basement flat. The smell of vanilla and cinnamon just barely overpowering Mrs. Hudson’s usual waft of marijuana smoke. A small, but distinct patch of red on the tip of the nose of one John Watson from the London chill. As inevitable as it is hateful, the Christmas season is upon us.
Ever since I quieted him that day with a firm and settling kiss, a decision made in an all too rare moment of clarity, I had effectively been spending my time as Dr. John Watson, veteran, adrenaline addict, (retired) recreational rugby player, and Sherlock Holmes’ live in boyfriend.
When I look back to Sherlock for confirmation, I catch him in a bout of intense eye contact with one John Watson as he unbuttons his soiled shirt.
In line at the Tesco where a detatched, increasingly annoyed checkout girl declined my (turns out) expired coupon for paprika crisps (his weakness, not mine).
Nimbostratus clouds, increased wind speed, the booming rumble of thunder. No wonder the man was promoted to DI. Now’s not the time to mock, though. This is just to be a flash storm, after all. No, it’s time to seduce.
I’m no sentimental fool. Sure, I enjoy a bath every now and then, but I’m an English man. I don’t need love letters. In fact, it is enough, more than enough, that after his brief foray into life as a dead man, I can count on him as a constant in my life.
“Why do you keep apologizing to me? Is this some kind of residual guilt from you leaving to take down Moriarty’s network? I’ve told you I forgive you. I want—I need things to go back to normal.”
“Yes, all right, all right. Just wait,” he said aloud, unintentionally, and then blushed at his foolishness, despite the fact no-one could see or hear him.
“No,” John pauses, giving Sherlock a look of sympathy, a moment of understanding, and fires a look at Mycroft again, which infuriates Sherlock.
Upon entering, he was immensely relieved to see there was no one about. Taking one look at the location of the urinals, he opted for a closed stall instead. There was no way he could relax with his back unprotected like that, unable to see who was coming at you. It had become a habit at his last school as well. A locked door to protect him when his guard was down, was much more preferable to the alternative. Particularly on day one. He had trust issues at the best of times. Bathrooms were definitely no exception. He locked the door and went about his business and had only just finished when the sound of someone entering loudly caught him by surprise, the main door slamming roughly against the wall. He flinched even though he was in the safety of the locked stall and was relieved that no one had seen his reaction.
a danger to yourself. I think you’re going to need someone with some common bloody sense keeping a watch over you, lest you try and get yourself killed again,” John said angrily.
“That’s what it looks like isn’t it? Can’t be a frame job if he took the bloody thing along to the hotel room while he was high as a kite, can it?! Greg, tell me I’m wrong,” John demanded. His voice was pure anger, but his face was one hundred percent frightened.
“Don’t,” Sherlock said, putting a hand up to John’s lips. John kissed it gently instead and Sherlock smiled. He leaned in and kissed John on the cheek.
“Okay, wait then. Bath first. Once we’re fully submerged in bubbles, you can tell me everything,” Sherlock says, running straight down the hallway to begin.
“Yes, it was enthralling – from a medical perspective, at least – reading about crime scene injuries and how to determine their cause.”
“His breathing has calmed, and his pulse is improving. We just have to wait now, and see,” John said, starting to calm down a bit himself. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.”
John gives him a strange look – maybe relief, or surprise – before finally laughing again, to break the tension, pulling Sherlock into a better kiss – a more equal kiss – now that he is ready for it. Running his hands through Sherlock’s curls, he explores Sherlock’s lips greedily, and pulls their bodies closer, so every possible inch of them can touch.
He is a different man now, Sherlock thinks, after he has been kissed by John, has spent a night sleeping in his arms, all the anxiety drained from his body. His hunger for home was appeased the moment John closed his arms around him.
The awkward task of getting out with one leg on the edge was going to require her help, and he suddenly wasn’t sure he could do it, the room starting to tip and sway more now that he had lifted his head. Mary came over, placing the pillow on the closed toilet seat so she could reach out her arms for him to support his weight. She was surprisingly strong for someone of her small stature, and Sherlock supposed that was important for a nurse.
John hates himself just a little bit, but he stands up and leaves during the final applause of their last piece. He can’t believe he’s doing it again to Sherlock, but he can’t bear it another second. He knows he can’t look Sherlock in the eyes at the end and pretend anything about tonight has been okay.
“I… I need to inform you, John, that I have three weeks here,” Sherlock looks down at his plate, at his untouched food. He half expects John to pull his legs back, to deprive Sherlock of the touch he has craved for so many months. He expects the look of disappointment that he has seen so many times before.
watch, and in Mycroft’s book, that was the worst possible foible, and humiliation. Sherlock certainly found it hard not to blame his brother also.
“Gentlemen,” the owner cooed as he came down the stairs to their level. “Danny Everitt,” he said, offering his hand to Greg for a firm handshake. His cologne was far too overpowering, making Greg’s stomach lurch. He needed to eat, and the smell was not helping, making his empty gut gurgle loudly.
He pulled out his phone, suddenly curious. It couldn’t be him. He opened the menu to look at his missed calls. Certainly, he wasn’t an active phone user, aside from the occasional call from his sister, or work related calls and messages, so it wasn’t a large list.  And there it was. Two nights ago. Incoming call.
“All yours,” Lestrade offered to John, gesturing to the bed and moving away awkwardly. “Anderson, you’re with me,” he continued, stepping away into the doorway to talk quietly to Anderson and deliver instructions.
“Sherlock?” he asked, genuinely worried. But Sherlock gave no response, no sign of movement at all. “Sherlock?” he tried more loudly, standing on the edge of the waves, as close as he could get without the water getting on his only decent pair of shoes.
Sherlock bows quickly, with a charming smile, and walks off the stage, much faster than he would normally, not giving the audience the satisfaction of his time now. Mycroft looks concerned as he walks offstage sooner than expected.
“What? He’s right, Phillip. Mycroft has been holding some cards way too close to his chest – with no explanation. We don’t know anything about that man at the front of the café yet. Nothing.”
“It’s new technology,” Anderson offered, holding up his forearm to show a device. It looked like an expensive chunky watch – the kind a diver might wear. “It alters your time reality, sending you back or forward to a predetermined spot.”
Sherlock blushed. His entire vocabulary was offline. His hard drive was displaying an error message inside his head.
Listening to men in leather pants lamenting about finding love and losing it, takes the last ounce of patience from him. He wants out, wants to curl up in bed and pull the duvet over his head. He wants the smell of lavender laundry detergent, of wool and war and warmth and he wants it more than he has ever wanted to play, more than the applause, the adrenaline.
“Yeah it was great. The guys are great it’s…yeah it’s been good,” John could hear himself stumbling over the conversation and couldn’t understand why he was never able to just be normal, with girls. Sarah smiled politely but didn’t speak for a moment. John mentally checked over what he had said, worried he had maybe said the wrong thing.
John stilled, beginning to focus more on Greg’s story, a little nervous about where it would go. Greg’s voice had become more serious.
“Starving!” he replies, sounding relieved. “Your fridge leaves a lot to be desired, you know. I think the first job tomorrow will be a trip to the store. I’m not even going to ask what is in that container on the second shelf,” he teases.
“That was awesome!” Mike said with excitement. “You’re actually good, mate.” He patted John roughly on the back which made him startle a little, but he managed to cover it well, so Mike didn’t notice. People usually didn’t notice.
He turns on the TV, finding a crime show to watch, and for a while, getting back into the German language gives him something to do – although the criminal case portrayed is utterly ridiculous and he has it solved within the first two minutes. He plays his violin a bit, with the terrasse door open, then goes to bed early, looking up at the starry sky. A week of this, maybe, and he should be able to convince Mycroft to pick him up and bring him back to London.
Does that bother you?” Sherlock said teasing, before dissolving into giggles, the drugs in his system finally lightening his mood.
“Lovely,” Greg said, throwing her a winning smile. Mycroft had already started sifting through the thick file on the coffee table that Greg had, thankfully, brought with him, trying to still his heart rate which was vaulting out of control. Greg put a hand on his knee to steady him, giving it a gentle squeeze.
“We… we trusted you… how could you…?” Sherlock was gasping for air as he began to panic at the loss of control. His head was getting worse, his breathing was becoming more difficult.
“She seems… lovely. At least you have a back-up sorted, if I go to prison. So you won’t be alone,” he sulked.
Exhaustion doesn’t mean sleep. John finds himself wide awake in his narrow bed. His heart beats fast, every thump telling him: ‘He’s here. He’s really here. In your arms.’
“It’s okay. We can talk tomorrow. Or text me later?” Sherlock offered gently, but John didn’t miss the look of disappointment in his face too.
“You seem to forget who got you out,” John said, turning away, unable to look at Sherlock, his eyes starting to well up. Greg knew John would find it far more humiliating to be seen being emotional now, than any of this nonsense Sherlock was trying to stir up.
The man doesn’t seem impressed and is staring him down, coldly, expecting more of an answer, unflinching in his resolve.
Sherlock doesn’t even look at him, eyes fixed on the mountains that surround them. “And what good would that do? It’s been over a hundred years since he died. Also, solving cases heavily depends on questioning witnesses, and even if I could do that, they might have been corrupted. Also…”
“Shut up!” John laughed at himself for a moment, putting his face in his hand. He was really making a mess of this.
“You could have cracked one or something. Sherlock, we need to go and get you checked out,” John urged.
okay,” Mycroft understood. He realised now, once John had let off steam, that the initial shock would be wearing off and John would be falling fast; the reality of the deception would be kicking in. “Everything was fine… until about a month ago.”
Sherlock smiles at John’s modesty and is intrigued by the way he fobs off the compliment. He seems to be a bit nervous tonight. He doesn’t push the point, instead starting on the food as well. He takes his first bite of the stew and is transported back to his childhood.
,” he said to the empty room, with a little nervous laugh, shaking his head at himself for letting a dream cause so much distress.
“I thought I’d go out this morning and surprise you – stock up the fridge while you were sleeping and even
His mind was so confused and the heat from the bath on his skin mixed with the cold air in the room was sending his blood whirring through his system, making him feel fainter by the second. His heart was thrumming heavily, trying to pump blood to the right places. He had to try and keep himself calm, and not let her know he had noticed, so he closed his eyes again, which only made his head spin more and he was sure he might pass out.
John gasped in surprise and blushed at the realisation that he had been caught in a private moment. A moment he hadn’t wanted Sherlock to observe. Sherlock was still sopping wet, wrapped in the rug, looking at John with an intensity that sucked the air out his lungs momentarily.
“Put it down!” John said more forcefully as he ran to the kitchen. Greg and Mycroft stepped towards the coffee table to look at it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned himself over on his side, facing the wall, so he didn’t have to look at imaginary John. Gasping from the pain, he reminded himself that lying on his side was excruciating and rolled onto his back again. But when he glanced back over, imaginary John was gone. He was left in the dark, cold empty cell. Alone once again, with the pain coursing through him, and he shivered.
“It can’t bloody be me! I wasn’t part of the team back then, and we don’t double dip on the dates, right?” he defended himself angrily.
It takes a moment to register the flickering lights as candles. John steps closer, his heart racing with anticipation. He quickens his steps, not quite running yet, but close to it. And then, he can finally see. Sherlock has outdone himself.
John briefly smiled to himself, but that smile was tightened to a line with tension. Just being able to sit in the room with Sherlock had been so nice. They hadn’t talked,
“What’s that Sherlock?” he asked with urgency, stopping with the jacket part-way to touch at Sherlock’s hand now, eyes darting to Greg’s in concern. Greg froze as well, surprised.
“I didn’t…” John replied, waiting for more information. Sherlock looked over at him,expecting an answer.
For a moment, a shadow darkens his face and John wonders if he was lonely as a child. He knows Sherlock is lonely now, travelling around the world, never staying anywhere for too long.
a patient – that was how he would get through this. At least he hoped he could manage it. And then, although it felt right for him to be here at Baker Street again, he would pack his things and go back to life without Sherlock. Turns out he was good at that, too. It was a meaningless, empty existence, but it had become his home for the last two years. He would return there and leave Sherlock alone. That was clearly how Sherlock wanted it. How John was going to extract himself from Baker Street was something he would worry about later – in a month or so, he expected – when Sherlock was able to look after himself.
“I expect he will be here shortly too,” she replied with displeasure, flipping through her notepad briefly before looking back to him. “Sherlock,” she tried more gently, more sweetly. “You said you don’t know how you got there?”
“I… well I don’t… I haven’t spoken German since school. Have never even been there. We passed through briefly on a horrendous family holiday in the nineties.” The ridiculousness of the offer suddenly fed his anxiety and he felt his pulse quicken.
“Hey Molly,” John said casually in passing as he breezed by the doorway of the morgue towards the office Sherlock was allowed to use.
“What is it Mycroft? This better be important,” Sherlock sighed, looking around frantically. “Is it a lead? This is a bit more public than I’d like as a meet up place. I thought we‘d discussed this.”
he told himself. He adjusted his position in bed, so that he could look over at John better. This made him scrunch his face at the pain of moving. John instinctively started to get up from the chair to help but Sherlock gestured that he was fine, so John settled back again. Even after two years they knew each other’s signals and could communicate without words. Sherlock had missed it so much.
. It doesn’t make this go away. I’m still going to be stuck here and I’m all alone. And that’s how it
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. There are at least two violinists that are better than me,” Sherlock says, lifting his instrument to his chin.
Sherlock’s face dropped – changing from the earlier confidence, the stony battle face he used to fake some bravado with his brother – just enough that John noticed from up close. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm.
“Yes,” Mycroft said, stopping to bite his inner cheek for a moment to stop the grin. “I think you’re
A tall man in a distinctive coat rushed to cross the street, pausing halfway for a cab to pass by, before continuing across. He entered the café, making the cutest little hop to traverse the first step. He stopped at the counter and chatted with the owner for a moment. They seemed animated, happy. The owner pointed to the front table, and the man sat down, not removing his coat or scarf. John wondered if he ordered “the usual”. John had never made an impression anywhere, long enough to have a ‘usual’ of anything. He felt a twinge of jealousy at that, but he could see why this man would be remembered. He cut an imposing figure, sitting in the front window, his coat left on – a stylish Belstaff – with the collar raised, like protective armour. His curls were all messy and wild from the weather and he ruffled them as he settled into his seat, grabbing a notebook out of his pocket and poring over it as he mumbled to himself.  John couldn’t take in any other details; the man was completely captivating – attractive in a slightly unconventional, androgynous way that he found he couldn’t tear his eyes from.
“Doctor Watson, this is part of the work we do, and you are now going to be involved in that work too.”
He suspected he would be getting a lot of flack for this next week. But before John could respond, his father came rushing into the room.
“Sherlock, you don’t have to explain anything to me. No judgement.” John didn’t look at Sherlock, just focussing instead in front of them as he walked.
“Greg, it’s just… he’s still so… after everything,” John stopped before genuine tears threatened to come, his voice failing him.
“Yes. We found – entirely by accident – that we could bend time. That we could… calculate the coordinates in time and
“So, you’re saying I could… jump into the café and stop the bombing? That’s what you’re trying to do?”
A skinny boy beside him with greasy hair started fidgeting wildly with his notebooks. “I uh…well that is to say, I think it was very interesting, but I didn’t like how the author wrote in the first person,” he commented with a bit of a nervous stutter.
“Oi, that is one of the best artists in rock’n’roll, I’ll have you know. One of my favourites, too.”
“Rock wall in a cave had a disagreement with me,” John said obstinately, crossing his arms in a show of defiance.
“Why don’t you go home and get some things together and I can meet you both at the lake this afternoon. I think she’d like that,” Sherlock offered.
Sherlock didn’t say anything for a moment and John stopped, holding his crutch out to stop Sherlock, “Hey.” Sherlock stopped not making eye contact. “
John is quiet all the way home in the cab. Sherlock doesn’t know how to fix this, how to make John see he’s trying to do this for them. But John’s mood has been so up and down all week, he’s afraid to even bring it up. Maybe once they sit with a cup of tea, they can talk it through.
Sherlock quickly moved towards his room, he needed to change if he was going to stay out on the case for more hours in this cold weather. To stay away from the flat. He couldn’t stay here. Even from his room, he could hear the metallic sounds of John singing to Rosie in the upstairs room, as it echoed around the flat. He usually found it comforting, smiling to himself at the little songs and stories that John would use to get her to go back to sleep a little longer. But today it was like vicious stabs to his heart.
“I didn’t peg Moriarty as being a devout Catholic,” Sherlock said, fascinated. He admitted he loved a good puzzle too. He had always respected how Moriarty’s brain had worked, had always wanted to outsmart him.
“Maybe military?” John asked, although he’d never heard of that particular clearance block either. Not that he’d had much need to look at sealed records in that way, during his duty.
“Oh ta,” John said, accepting the container, blushing slightly of embarrassment at his frightened reaction. He opened it to find the curry from his favourite restaurant down the road. He pressed pause on the screen.
“He arrived at a crime scene, higher than I’d ever seen him. Destroyed the whole scene. Evidence was unusable. Case ended up thrown out of court and the perp went free. Sherlock ended up being carted off to rehab by his brother, straight from the scene.”
“I do,” Mycroft cut him off stubbornly, perhaps a little too quickly. He checked for Greg’s reaction before continuing. He knew he’d pay for that later. “My people have only looked at the surface. I
“No, that’s not… you haven’t even read it.  It could be really bad.” John looks into the distance, squinting his eyes against the sun.
“I can’t imagine anyone hating Susi. She’s nice. Very cuddly, very friendly. Such a hateful crime against her? That’s just unthinkable,” John ponders aloud.
“Oh! That’s today? Right sorry I…” he looks around a bit lost as to how to proceed. “Give me two minutes. I completely forgot. Must have been distracted…”
. I didn’t mean for this to make you think…” Sherlock straightened himself and turned in the chair to face John better. “I know I broke us when I left. I… I know that. Things had been going so well and then I lied to you. And I left. And I was planning to tell you everything when I came back. I didn’t expect it to take as long as it did. And I honestly thought you’d just be there at Baker Street, waiting for me, ready for answers,” he admitted shrugging his shoulders.
“You can go,” Sherlock said coldly, dismissing him, making the decision to keep banging the nails into his own coffin. “And take that ridiculous lawyer with you. I will represent myself,” he spat at them all.
“Oh yes, don’t listen to the drug addict. He’s incapable of looking after himself!” Sherlock yelled, his arms flailing about as he danced around the cell dramatically. “Look at you all, just standing there, looking so helpless. I’m not dying!”
“Oh you’re staying in the Stamford house? How lovely,” she had said. “Well it will be nice and quiet for you. That part of the woods has a few private homes. The owners come and go a bit. None of them are around at the moment. I hope you like the quiet.”
Sherlock looked up towards John’s bedroom, without making eye contact, even though he couldn’t see anything from down in the lounge. Just a habit, as if he could sense her to check, just by glancing. He closed his eyes momentarily in relief, before snapping his eyes open, hoping John didn’t notice.
“Where’s DI Lestrade?” Mycroft asked, surprising John, who had not stopped to take in the room at all.
Sherlock reserved a small part of his brain to listen to everything the young boy was answering with Lestrade, talking through what had happened, how it all came about. Sherlock couldn’t stand the matter-of-factness to his tale. The quiet acceptance that something this terrible had just… happened. With no motive. The boy had taken his step-daughter to the park. Genevieve. Ginny, for short. A couple of sleepless nights in a row while the mother was away and he wasn't watching her. She tripped and hit her head and when he found her, there had been too much bleeding. He panicked and tried to cover it up. Hadn't thought beyond moving her body, hiding her. Hadn't considered what to do when the mother returned home and wanted to know where her Ginny was.
…” he whispered to himself with relief, and without thinking he walked quietly towards him. John was sitting, knees bent up, head down and his arms protecting his head. Sherlock edged closer, not wanting to startle him.
John stood very still, processing everything Sherlock said. He glanced over at Mycroft, who was staring at the ground still, brow creased in thought, but not willing to look at John, or his younger brother. The lawyer shuffled briefly on the spot, not wanting to acknowledge any of it. He then turned his head to look at Greg, and it was obvious he was fuming now. He looked like he would punch the very first person to step into his space. Greg held his gaze but made a concerted effort not to give away any emotions at all. One wrong move and John might just snap. John’s mouth opened and closed a couple of times, preparing the right thing to reply to Sherlock’s tirade, until he finally seemed to settle on something, turning his head to look Sherlock straight in the eyes.
of all places. Although I shouldn’t be surprised. I think we both know why you’re here.” James leaned into his personal space, and Sherlock regretted stopping here, where he was now caught in the corner with no escape. James’ aftershave invaded his senses, a smell which in the beginning had been intoxicating but now just started to rile his gag reflexes. He tried to stand upright to use his height to assert some dominance, but James was too close. He reached out and stroked at Sherlock’s cheek. “
see what John was thinking. Luckily Sherlock leapt up quickly and seemed to distract himself with other things, so they didn’t have to look each other in the eye. Sherlock seemed to want nothing more than to be released from the obligation of having John leaning on him. Probably not surprising after the awful things he wrote in his letter. And Sherlock had never thought of John that way anyway. It must have been so uncomfortable for him to be stuck there on the floor waiting for John to wake up. What a mess he had created, once again.
The man himself is barefoot, water brushing against his feet where he stands in the sea of light, his violin and bow held in one hand.
“Sherlock, it’s none of my business, honestly. I won’t say anything,” John promised, blushing a little.
“We did find some footage that hadn’t been looked at since our first site visit, though. We had dismissed it as pointless, initially. That jump didn’t go well, we thought we came home empty handed, so we dismissed the footage. It was blurry, the first gen cameras weren’t great quality, until Anderson sorted out better tech for us. And then Simpson spotted something. The body cam caught footage of the street outside. We think it could potentially be our bomber, watching from the street.”
open them this time. His sight was blurry, his eyes felt like they had been glued together. The agonising pain was, unfortunately, a reality and he could hear the beeping of a heartrate monitor.
A man in round glasses and a moustache is arguing back and forth with Sherlock, and John rushes over to kneel down beside the dog and pet Susi’s head to calm her, the poor little thing seeming a bit scared and nervous. She’s excited to see John, though. He grabs out his phone and calls Elias at once, giving him the good news.
“How can you not know?” John interrupted loudly, without thinking, stepping into the space. The pure frustration was clear in his tone.
word again… ever,” John retorted. “It doesn’t suit you at all.” He gave Mycroft a knowing look, and Mycroft responded with his own irritated look in return. He never liked it when john called him on his nonsense.
Maybe he is not a normal person – a normal boyfriend. Maybe he is crazy. But John loves him. Sherlock takes a few deep breaths, his skin breaking out into goosebumps.
Lestrade had come through; the evidence he had sent over had been very useful. A garbage bag found in the other skip contained a small pink jacket, covered in blood; a rainbow scarf, also covered in blood; and a large collection of what appeared to be landscaping bark of some kind, also clumped together with dried blood. All matching the little girl. It hadn’t taken Sherlock long to pinpoint the probability of what had happened. He didn’t understand
“I actually just came to bring back your book and say thank you,” John said, fishing the book out of his bag as he chewed.
“It’s fine Mycroft,” John said under his breath, clearing his throat and trying to shrug it off by moving about the space nervously in an unintentional mirroring of Sherlock’s pacing.
of us, every couple of weeks just to make sure everything is normal, that we’re doing everything right. And he has me there with him all the time. Everything has been
“John, honestly I think that’s the first time in months you’ve been yourself. Come home. Let me look after you both. I promise to be the very best. No experiments with body parts – well obviously I would clean this one up before you moved in. I would be on my very best behaviour for Rosie. Please let me?” Sherlock sat in the chair next to him again to be on the same level, in the hopes that eye contact would entice him.
For a moment he waits, as if someone will answer. Of course there is no one, aside from the ghosts in his head – friends lost in battle. And of course his walking stick, the companion he seems to talk to when he’s alone. The emotional damage from being in battle, and having to be sent home, like a damaged package being returned to sender, is ever present. Now he is just existing, with no purpose. At least here, he will be able to exist alone, unjudged, unable to be found.
“A little,” Sherlock responded. It was worse when he closed his eyes, so he just tried to fix his vision to a spot on the floor tiles while he tried to out-think the spinning.
It was clear Greg did not want to be the one to tell John that little nugget of information, and Mycroft suspected it would be down to him. “Sherlock didn’t want John to know yet,” he said simply in reply.
He stopped pacing to look over at the woman sitting in Sherlock’s chair. He vaguely remembered her face, although there had been so many nurses in 221B this year it was hard to keep track. He took in her appearance. She was pretty; the type of woman he would have asked out on a date, before Sherlock. Her blonde messy curls framed her face beautifully and gave her an almost angelic appearance, but she exuded something darker underneath. There was definitely something alluring about her. While he had stopped, he became more aware of his surroundings. Mycroft was standing near the couch, glass of wine in hand, and Mary was in the chair, in
The man says nothing, just smiles again, as he moves to pull the door shut. John lets him past to lead the way.
John asked lots more questions and eventually he felt the team relax a bit. They seemed to approve of his determination. Apparently, some of the previous recruits had not stomached it well either and were out the door so fast, Mycroft had to drag them back in to remind them of the security risks.
“Sherlock, I’m worried about you. You know I… I’m terrified for you. And you’re shutting me out of whatever is going on in that brilliant head of yours. I want you to let me
“Ah William!” the man rushes at Sherlock in excitement and grabs his face, kissing it three times, once on each cheek and back to the first.
forms clearly, his fingers twitching as he goes through his concert encore note for note, the memory of his last performance still a bit of a blur. He can almost feel the strings of his instrument under his fingertips, calming him until sleep pulls him under again, deep and dreamless.
“Tattoos?” John asked, again not meaning to. This time he put his hand over his face as Greg moved closer and nudged him to be quiet.
John finally lets go and clears his throat. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to tease. I know your fingers are probably a commodity. It will be fine. I can go and get some ice—”
I love him, that I need to leave. He needs to stop trying to make me happy. It’s like watching a caged animal, seeing him suffocated, silenced like that. He needs to be heard. Properly heard. He does not belong in that chair, beside those musicians. They’re not worthy to share the space with him. I’m sure they’re all outstanding enough, but Sherlock is… he’s extraordinary, he’s a rare gem.” John stops pacing and looks at Mycroft, who seems to be taken aback by John’s tirade. “Well you
The man stops suddenly and looks surprised to see John standing in the yard of this house. John becomes very self-conscious and realizes he is, in fact, an intruder to this place, in a way. The locals would know Mike’s brother, and he hadn’t considered that his presence might cause alarm. The man eyes John carefully for a moment but quickly puts his attention back to the excited animal.
“Ok; sit down,” John said in a soothing voice, as calmly as he could. He put his hands on either side of Sherlock and turned him, slowly, gently sitting him on the edge of the bed. The fact that Sherlock obliged without argument made John only worry more. It was completely out of character for him to admit defeat. He must be in a lot of pain. “I need to check you out. Tell me what’s really going on.” John grabbed a pen torch out of his pants pocket – much to Sherlock’s surprise – and shone it in Sherlock’s face.
“After extensive searches on all of the patrons, we believe that none of them were responsible, nor the owner. Today we’ve finally managed to rule out the chef as well. We don’t believe anyone directly linked to the café is responsible.”
conversation goes," James gestured between them both, "but I have places to be.” And with that he walked out leaving John staring at Sherlock.
“You know I love you,” John said, walking back around the bed to be closer to Sherlock again. “And right now, you need to step aside and let us do the investigating.”
“Sherlock?” he asked desperately. “Oh Mycroft…” he was disappointed, listening to Mycroft frantically barking at him over the phone. He stopped moving as he tried to listen and focus, his blood pumping loudly in his ears, his heart rate racing out of control. “Yes I’m here… just looking for him now… no, what? I haven’t seen Mary… but Mycroft… no, I don’t know, I don’t…”
realise and pretended not to know. Either way, the arrogance always astounded John, although he admitted it was a bit sexy too. But if Sherlock couldn’t snap out of this state he was currently in, how was John supposed to solve this case and prove Sherlock’s innocence?
Almost as if on cue, John hears the strains of the violin starting up. This time it doesn’t seem like a concerto, not a fancy flurry of notes, but a simple, beautiful melody. Somehow, it’s slightly sad and yet also full of… hope? Something in the melody floods straight into John’s heart, making his pulse race from the sheer beauty of it. He closes his eyes and lets the cool air rush over his face as he listens to it. The melody is almost calling to him. He feels it in every fibre of his being. He could sit and listen to that violin and never tire of it, he knows that much. He had promised himself to be brave, to make the effort and meet this mystery violinist. Under the guise of being neighbourly, of course. Would she be beautiful? Would she be old enough for John to charm her? Was he overthinking it?
Seeing no one blocking his path, John ran back to the small study room, his gun held high, but the room was empty. Sherlock had gone.
The sight of John in the doorway, hesitating to enter, was the last thing Sherlock registered before he lost the battle for consciousness again.
Sherlock must have snapped out of it and moved with lightening speed and agility, because suddenly his elbow was grabbed and he was swung around to be greeted by Sherlock, crowding into him almost nose to nose. John suddenly couldn’t breathe.
“Yeah I saw. You were busy. With James.” John swallowed hard, not meaning to be so cold, but he was feeling particularly bitter. He assumed that Sherlock had come to see him play, they had texted in the break, but then he had left with James and not said anything. It stung his pride a bit, and he felt silly for worrying when Sherlock was probably fine.
John broke the eye contact – he never broke eye contact - to place a kiss on Rosie’s head and looked back over towards the scene.
“I'm perfectly aware of the existence of plant toxins, thank you Molly," Sherlock snapped. "Besides,
“Look at him Greg! Look at Sherlock! He’s off his fucking face!” John yelled, his voice breaking as he pushed away from Greg’s grip and started pacing, his eyes looking guiltily towards the screens again, where Anderson had returned to watching it dutifully, silently, ignoring the goings on behind him.
“Molly. You are… brilliant. Brilliant!” he said, excitedly kissing her on the cheek and grabbing her into a hug, which made her blush furiously. “Has anyone ever told you that?” he asked, running out before she had a chance to add any more detail.
The rest of the bright morning and early afternoon are spent opening windows and curtains, as he wipes everything down, allowing the stale air and dust to clear. John finds himself at a loose end earlier than expected. He had allotted a whole day to settling in but, in fact, the tasks are completed much more quickly than he had anticipated, and now he finds himself standing in the middle of the sitting room, unable to think what else to do.
Donovan came over and unclipped the mini camera from his lapel, handing it to Richardson. “Thanks, Jane. Can you sort out the download of all the footage to the server and check it please,” she directed firmly.
“It doesn’t matter Sherlock, don’t you understand?” John replied, without even looking over to him. “Feelings aren’t always rational. They’re not something you can scientifically study. Not really. They don’t follow a predictable path. You can’t experiment and research. Sometimes they’re unpredictable. You can’t
So why did he feel so empty? Sherlock wanted to feel happy, but at that moment, such a positive emotion seemed impossible.
Sherlock watched the act from the doorway, noting that it was probably the most care Mycroft had ever shown him. Sherlock’s walls crumbled, face twisting in despair. He knew such a display was unlike the Holmes family, but couldn’t find it in himself to care.
Instead, Mycroft’s expression softened, and he set his umbrella on the coffee table. He took a small, hesitant step towards the Sherlock as if unsure of how to approach him.
And there, the two stayed for the rest of the night. In the comforting darkness of 221b, Sherlock’s despair still wouldn’t leave him.
Trudging up the stairs took longer than it should have. Sherlock steadied himself on the railing, but he had grown quite dizzy. His heartbeat quickened when the door to 221b appeared. It pounded in his chest with such a ferocity that Sherlock thought he might fall over.
It was then that Sherlock realized that he wasn’t actually tired. No, what he felt was more emotional than that. A deep, throbbing ache had settled uncomfortably in the detective’s chest. No matter how hard he tried, Sherlock could not shake the utter dread in his body.
This was no mere fatigue. Fatigue couldn’t  numb his limbs or twist his stomach in knots. Sherlock thought about what he had eaten that day. Perhaps he was sick.
“What’s been different? What’s changed lately?” Mycroft asked, trying to work out what had started this transformationin his brother.
As if on cue, Sherlock appeared at the edge of the lounge. He was wearing pyjamas with a silk robe over the top. “I heard voices, what’s going on?” he yawned, scruffing at his curls.
“That’s fine by me!” John said stubbornly, crossing his arms and raising his chin in defiance. “Better to keep you safe where I can look after you,” he added. “You should never have been out on a case yet. I told you!”
banged up,” John said, irritated. Sherlock always had a way of getting him to do the most ridiculous things before he even realised it.
“Ah I see. I’m William’s manager,” he finally announces in return, shaking John’s hand firmly in a short sharp movement before letting go.
“Thank you,” Sherlock kisses her cheek. “It’s a surprise.” He nods at John, who is stretching to get to the peas, jumper pulling up to reveal a stripe of golden skin. John is more attractive in this situation, standing up on his tiptoes, than he should be. But then, Sherlock is biased.
think?” John asked gently, putting a hand on Sherlock’s arm, the two of them stopping to look at the point of contact, both of them momentarily confused by it.
An hour into the footage, he noted down that it was the most boring street in London. Nothing much of importance seemed to be happening at all. By the seventy-minute mark, he had started his second beer and was fairly certain that it was, indeed, a prank.
“Yes, everything’s fine. He’s eating…” John responded to Mycroft, who'd called to inquire how things were progressing. He blushed a little at the white lie.
