John’s seen them now. The other people that lurked outside. He’s seen the ones who were wicked and wanted nothing more than to hurt people who’ve done nothing wrong, and he’s seen one of the people who helps others. From such a short view of the outside world, what did John make of it all? Would he still want to accompany Sherlock on those days where he would have to venture outside? It was moments like this where Sherlock wondered just what went on in the other man’s head. John dropped another blood-soaked rag onto the tray. He placed another bandage on the cleaned cut.
John pressed a kiss on the top of Sherlock’s curls, and also to the crest of his cheekbone. Sherlock smiled to himself at the warmth that John exuded. He had always wondered what it felt like to be held like this. To have someone be so intimate with him, and by choice, it made Sherlock tear up at the thought.
“I wish you would not speak of him this way. He is a man, just as I am. He is not a tool to be used by Moriarty, just as I am not a tool to be used by you.”
He assumed that John had flown into a fit of rage, although there was something telling him that that was not the case. He moved to the kitchen table, observing that the chair was knocked over and there was a book of some sort sprawled on the floor. Sherlock picked it up and discovered that it was a journal kept by none other than John.
“That will be the fun part. Simply spin the globe and point to where it stops and that is where we shall go. He will not hurt us any longer.”
“I have returned to England to visit a friend of mine. Whilst walking down the street I was pickpocketed by a street urchin of all things!”
“That you will make use of your laboratory once more and create another one of these....whatever you deem them...for myself. I wish to have a live-in.”
Sherlock felt John’s hold slacken and frowned a bit. He regretting telling him, should’ve dealt with the pain. He closed his eyes when he felt John’s damp fingers run through his hair and he nearly mewled when John began to massage his scalp, silently begging him not to stop. Was John going to wash his hair? Sherlock wanted him to. He needed John to lather the soap in his hair and whisper sweet nothings into his ear while he did it. Was this his sickness or was it John’s magical fingers that were putting him to sleep?
He approached the gate to the graveyard and saw the undertaker leaving for the night. Good, he wouldn’t have to waste any time hiding from him. Sherlock noticed that the undertaker was clearly drunk by the way he stumbled around the mounds of dirt and forgot to lock his shed on the way out. As soon as it was clear, Sherlock sprinted into the shed and grabbed the shovel. He ran around the headstones, searching for people who recently died and weren’t completely decomposed yet. During his search he found Mycroft’s headstone. He felt his grip around the shovel slacken as he read his brother’s tomb stone.
Sherlock laughed. He troubled himself with pointless thoughts. John was enamoured by the fire, that was his reason. Sherlock noticed the way John could barely keep his eyes off of the flames. Sherlock hoped that he would not hurt himself due to curiosity. He tried to push the thoughts of John being engulfed in the flames from being too close, or from a flammable object finding its way into the fireplace. He tossed and he turned but he could not relieve himself of the horrifying scenes that played in his mind. He had to return to John, he would not be able to sleep if he did, but John’s safety was his first priority. He flung the covers off of his body and flew to the living area. John was sat in front of the fireplace still, he did not stir even when Sherlock was standing a mere two feet away from him. Sherlock’s hands fumbled as he stared at the man below him. He felt guilty for what he was about to do.
“My dear Watson, I would prefer it if you would voice your opinions. You have been far too silent for my liking. And I am sure you are aware to what I am referring to.”
Thomas rolled his eyes. It was Sherlock, without a doubt. He had always been odd, and with the marks on his face, it would not be surprising if he ended up in such an unfortunate accident.
Sebastian looked over at the window and stared at the sun that was beginning to set. Maybe he could venture once more to the inn where Sherlock and John were, maybe, if he was lucky enough, he would be able to steal away with the two under the cloak of night and never have to see Moriarty or Switzerland again. The thought made his wound hurt a little less, as he no longer thought about it. He was being foolish. Moriarty was smart, much too smart for Sebastian. He would have him caught in no time and he feared what the consequence would be for such misconduct.
John stared at Sherlock intently, he wasn’t sure what he wanted to do. Should he continue to watch the fire in front of him? Gaze until the flames extinguished and the embers of what was danced on the burnt wood? Sherlock huffed and turned away from John.
Sherlock’s arm hurt. He must have been imagining the pain from the dream. His arm had been cut, and his mind merely simulated the stinging. The pain was persistent, like something was hitting it now. Sherlock groaned, he didn’t want to wake up. He wanted to hear Mycroft’s voice one more time, he wanted to see his brother’s face before he was thrust back into reality. The pain increased, rendering Sherlock’s mind unable to recreate moments from his past. The pain in his arm would not cease and it saddened him as he realized that even in his sleep, he would not be granted the relief he sought.
Sherlock was caught off guard by the sob that left his body, which gave way to more, reducing him to a bawling mess. He wanted John to turn away, to not look at him while he was showing such weakness. He cried even more when he felt John’s arms embrace him.
Reluctantly, Sherlock sat down and watched as John padded into the kitchen. His smile never faltered after that moment. John appeared to Sherlock to be in a state of bliss. He wanted to tell John that no good could come of it, that there would only be heartbreak in the end, but whenever his gaze fell upon the blond man, he could not bring himself to speak a word of ill-will. It was not as if he was eager to put an end to it either. He yearned for a moment such as the one from earlier in the day, and although he knew better, he could not help but love it. He could not help loving John. His companion returned with the plates and silverware in his hand. He placed them upon the table carefully, and then took his own seat.
Immediately, John stopped struggling, but did not take his eyes off of the men who jumped Sherlock. The policeman released his hold on John.
Sherlock fumbled to button up his shirt. He could feel their eyes on him, looking on in disgust - Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, and all the snot-nosed brats from his childhood.
Mrs. Hudson looked over at Sebastian, who was cautiously sipping at the tea that a servant had brought to him. She smiled at how adorable the lad was. He was very attractive, but there was something about him that made Mrs. Hudson want to lavish him in kisses and attention. She felt that this boy was kind, and that John and Sherlock were not lying when they said he would be pleasant company.
John’s mouth scrunched up as he stared down at the book in front of him. Sherlock had started him off with children’s books first, such as Hansel and Gretel, Goldilocks, and Sleeping Beauty. To his delight, John caught on very quickly and was able to read every word in those books. Sherlock eventually decided to expand his horizons, and knowledge of things that were not written for a child’s amusement, although John became sad when reading The Little Mermaid. He did not understand why she did not have a happy ending, as all of the other characters did. It was then that Sherlock told him that happiness is not a feeling that everyone can come by, and The Little Mermaid was one such example. John did not like the answer to his question and told Sherlock that he did not wish to read such somber tales anymore. Sherlock agreed and hid the book from John’s line of sight. This happened some weeks ago.
John resolved to writing soon after Sherlock’s departure. He was nearly done with his recordings once he heard knocking at the door. Immediately John closed the journal and made his way towards it, hoping that it was Sherlock so that they might finally clear the air between them.
When they returned to the inn, John motioned for Sebastian to wait outside. He had left Sherlock asleep and was unsure as to whether or not he would be awake now or not. To his surprise, Sherlock was still lying in bed, fast asleep. John placed a hand to his mouth at the sight of his love, who was usually so well-groomed, with mussed up curls and mouth hanging open slightly as he let out the softest of snores. With a warm smile plastered on his face he made his way over to Sherlock and knelt down. He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s mouth and let out a chuckle as he watched the man continue to sleep. This was the result of days without sleep. John stroked the wild curls and placed kisses all over his face. Still he slumbered. John laughed and moved to stroke the sharp cheekbones that he adored so much. Sherlock was beautiful, he was beautiful when he was sick, he was beautiful when he was upset. He is even beautiful when he was sad, but John would do anything in his power to ensure that Sherlock never feel such an emotion again. However there was something about Sherlock when he slept that made him simply irresistable to John. The way his face was so soft and fragile and made John feel as if he would shatter the man if his touch be. His mouth was soft, pink, gorgeous. It was one of the few times where he was relaxed, where he allowed himself to be vulnerable. He would protest if he were awake, but John knew that there were many things that Sherlock Holmes could and could not do and one of his weaknesses on his very small list was fight the needs of his body, and John. John sighed  and placed another kiss to his mouth, it was flattering, humbling, and so very predictable that John was his weakness.
“He would have me believe that it was his brother’s death, but I reckon he was only lonely and dare I say envious that you doted on me so.”
“Whatever possessed you to take the boy from the institution in the first place is for you to deal with alone. You have made your grave, now you must lie in it.”
Sherlock’s lips curled into a smile at the sight of John. He placed a hand on John’s cheek and caressed it.
“I...do not like being with you or Moriarty. You are cruel men who deserve no place on this earth. It is not I who is the abomination, it is the both of you!”
He stood in front of the casket, hands gripping the rim of his hat. It was raining, but he had not a care - after all, the weather was rather poetic for a funeral. There was not many people who stood with him while the priest droned on about Heaven and Hell and Life After Death. He had not been expecting a large crowd anyways because they lacked any other family members besides each other. And now he was all alone.
With slow, menacing strides, Moriarty walked over to John’s chair and Sherlock tensed as the pale hand hovered above John’s shoulder before finally retreating. He was walking over to him now, Sherlock steeled himself as Moriarty bent down to meet his eyes.
Sebastian shook his head and moved to grab his sleeve. He should have bandaged it before he left, he had been so focused on being away from Moriarty and Sir Banville that he neglected to treat his wound. John saw his pained face and knelt in front of him.
John slowly and quietly got up and began walking to their room, with Sherlock in tow. John was the first to settle into the bed and Sherlock crawled underneath the covers right after. He nestled himself next to John and smiled when John wrapped a protective arm around him.
The man just stared at John and Sherlock sighed, “He has no comprehension of language. You were very much the same on the night of your awakening.”
Sherlock only smiled, but the flush from his cheeks did not leave him. It was only a result of his sickness and he hoped that it would fade away. John slid the robe off of his shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Sherlock immediately wrapped the towel around his waist, as the heated perspiration of his body did not mix well with the cold draft of the flat. John ushered him into the warm water and went to retrieve Sherlock’s change of clothes. When he entered their room he rummaged through the surprisingly organized drawers. He found undergarments, as well as Sherlock’s sleep clothes, and a new robe. When he returned to Sherlock, the man’s eyes were shut, his head resting against the ledge of the tub.
“I tell you, they were locked up.” Thomas leant forward. The restaurant they were in was relatively quiet and Thomas would hate to be the one to disturb the peace.
The smile vanished and Sherlock knew he had angered her. She pushed past him into the room and set the tray down on his desk with a bit of force, the cutlery jangling against the silver. She never did yell at Sherlock but she was firm with him. If she wanted him to bathe, he bathed, if she wanted him to eat, he ate. Mrs. Hudson huffed and walked out of the room.
He finished the last sip of tea just as John made his way to the bed and pressed a kiss against his cheek.
The Irish accent. The faint grey in the man’s beard. That smile. Sherlock was sent back to all those weeks ago, back in that awful, cold, wet church with that man sitting beside him. Thomas Banville. Sherlock could not return the happiness that Thomas was showing in being reunited with him. He had only brought sadness and pain, things that Sherlock had tried to leave back at the manor.
“It is hardly his fault, he is afraid. These are new feelings, sensations, to him. He simply reacted poorly to his surroundings.”
John smiled and smoothed the man’s collar back. “Hush, you now look the part of a respectable gentleman. I wonder where you learned such skills?”
This one is a bit short, but the wonderful Chanolay did an excellent job with these journal entries, and so the next chapter will be a little angsty!
“I do not have friends. I was foolish to think I could contradict something I know to be true. No life ever came to you but I gift to you all the feelings that I ridiculously sought to receive and the stupidity that consumed me. Goodbye.”
“It cannot be helped then. Fear not, dear brother, I shall not interfere with your rest as I have assured you before. My man needs limbs, limbs that the dead have no use for. I will journey to the cemetery at nightfall for fear of wandering eyes should I venture there now. There, I will obtain the necessary items to construct his body.”
“You would have no wound had I not been such a fool. I was distracted, I was not able to stop them, Sherlock-”
True to her word, she returned twenty minutes later and inspected the dish as if her life depended on it. Once she saw that he really did eat the food, she gave him a smile.
“Please, do come back. It would do John good to see you. We are not sure how long this holiday will last, but any time spent with you is much encouraged.”
Sherlock’s lip quivered and he wore a mock smile. “Why, we are on holiday. I have already told you this before we de-”
Sherlock moved towards the stairs and watched carefully as Lestrade inched closer to him with every step he took.
“I... I must be off now. I am so very sorry John, what I would not give to remain here with you and Sherlock, what I would not sacrifice to be back at Baker Street, basking in the quiet and the heat from the fire as we sit and chat. Or to watch you, Sherlock, work on your experiments or listen to you play again. But I cannot, I simply cannot.”
How did John do it? How could he be so gentle with Sherlock after he was infuriated moments ago? Sherlock closed his eyes briefly. He ached all over and he wanted nothing more than to lie down and forget that it ever happened - believe that he had dreamt it all up; he would wake and find himself alone at the manor again.
“Sherlock Holmes, a homosexual! How would that sound to a judge, or even a lowly cop? They would sentence you to hard labor, if the death penalty does not reach their minds first.”
“I assure you, my former self is much worse. Should you bear witness to it, I am sure you would pack your bags the very same day.”
John’s smile did not falter, and how Sherlock hated how calm he could be in situations such as this. True he had never experienced heartbreak, pain, or loss, but he should have understood where Sherlock’s anger was coming from. Mrs. Hudson was very dear to him, but she was wrong in delaying the news of Mycroft’s letter and even John had to see reason. He was supposed to be mad at him, but he could barely resist the urge to rush back into John’s arms and listen to the whispers of comfort. Sherlock wished that he would stop looking at him that way, it made it harder for him to stay upset.
He looked back over at this work; Half done, far from complete. He was tired and longed for the comfort of his pillow and blanket, but sleep could wait. He wanted results and the sweet relief of solution.
John took Sherlock’s wrist and was not surprised when Sherlock winced even though his actions had been careful.
“No. I am nervous - because I have never done this with another person, man or woman - but I am no longer scared. I trust you, John.” Sherlock’s eyes met his and John could see nothing but truth.
“Well here is news: Good afternoon Mrs. Hudson, I’ve not seen you in months, but I would like you to house a close friend of ours.”.
Of course both men knew that their relationship was wrong in the eyes of society, that they could never reveal their inclinations to the public, but here in their home, nothing could dull the love the two men felt for each other anymore.
Similarly, Sherlock was speechless from the brand new pleasure. His back was arched, head tossed back. The stretch just touched on the border of discomfort but John had taken his time opening him up so that feeling was quickly replaced by pleasure.
“If you refuse me, I am sure that you won’t object to a bullet in the head. Or perhaps I take your John away. Oh how it would ruin you to be away from him, wouldn’t it Sherlock?”
He doesn’t remember much of his father. A man present for the childhood of his firstborn and less so for the next. Mycroft told him that once Sherlock was born, more matters of business arose that kept their father away, though his lies were easily seen through. Sherlock had no idea about his father’s whereabouts. Mycroft said that he died. A fire some place with no survivors. Sherlock was disappointed and saddened to hear the news. He never had the chance to get to know the man - just faint memories of someone with black hair and piercing blue eyes; Someone with a soft touch, a kind smile, and who said his name with such gentle and loving an utterance. His mother never hinted at any grievances about her husband’s absence. When he came around, they would kiss and there would be laughter, embraces, and smiles. Sherlock didn’t remember much about his father, but he knew that his father was not a bad man. He was a man loved by his family and who loved them in return.
John stood up from his spot on the bed and moved to hug Sherlock. “Do not fret my love, we will win, Moriarty holds no candle to us. Then we will take Sebastian and we will leave this land and go elsewhere, Baker Street is where I assume Sebastian would want to reside.”
In the time that came after Sherlock named John, it seemed that he could not stop saying the other’s name. John was riddled with curiosity, he wandered about the flat examining and touching everything that became the object of his interest. Sherlock did not mind at first, if he was to live here, it would only seem fit that he have the right  to get accustomed to his surroundings. Of course, John’s attention went toward some of the more dangerous things around the flat as well, such as the fireplace. Sherlock had dashed to his room to grab his blue silk dressing gown. He had not been clothed when John came to life, and forgot about his inappropriate state of dress whilst searching for a name with his companion. Upon his return, he found John crouched down in front of the fire, with a hand that hovered dangerously close to the flames, likely seeking the warmth.
Sebastian chuckled and opened the door. By the time John got his belongings gathered, Sebastian was already inside of the carriage. John swung the door open and sat himself across from him. He rose his eyebrows and he brushed his fingers over Sebastian’s hand. “Are you ready?”
“Congratulations Mr. Holmes, you’ve managed to retrieve your friend as well. I would apologize for his ghastly state, but you must understand, he did not come willingly and even attacked my men.”
John gave a poor excuse of a smile and Sherlock frowned. “I do hate to see you so troubled. This was not my intention.”
Sebastian returned to their temporary home. He stepped into the living area to find Thomas and Moriarty sitting in their respective chairs smoking cigars and sipping what he thought was whiskey. He hoped that they would let him pass, that they would not make him drink that liquid that burnt his throat, or the cigar that made him cough and feel ill for smoking it.
The intruder staggered from Sherlock’s bedside, and made his way to Sherlock, who was ready to launch the vase at him, should he try anything. Sherlock nearly fainted when the trespasser’s face was revealed by the candlelight. It was him. Sherlock’s man, the person that was to be his dearest companion, standing in front of him shivering and soaking wet from the rain. Sherlock stared at him, scarcely believing that he was truly alive. He was walking, and freezing, and scared. Sherlock had done it, his vitruvian man had become a reality.
John raked his eyes down Sherlock’s chest to the darkened jut of his erection between them. Those gorgeous long legs were spreading wider for him and his hunger deepened to touch Sherlock more, to learn his body. He could never know Sherlock’s body like Sherlock knew his own, but he could damn well try.
“Sebastian, are you being honest with me?” John asked suddenly, Sebastian’s silences sparking suspicion in John’s desperation.
Her feet finally budged but she couldn’t take her eyes off of him. Eventually, she decided to leave well enough alone and walked away. Sherlock, however, just finished digging and opened the coffin. He gagged at the scent that wafted up into his nose. He started to hack away at the man’s legs with the shovel’s blade. Minutes later, he finally got the limbs to come off. He placed them inside of the sack he brought with him. He moved on to find his next victim, a marquis named Aloysius. There he found the proper arms. A torso came from Henry Ackerly - not quite defined but Sherlock found it suitable -  who died from a gun wound to the shoulder and bled out instantly. He was thirty-seven years of age, as the inscription read. The head was found last. The top  of the headstone was worn away and jagged, displeasing to the eye unlike all the other smooth stones. The family who bought it was probably not as wealthy as the rest of the others who had their loved ones buried here.
“Oh, I do not doubt that he certainly sped the process along, but I would have found you anyway. It was you who followed me here like a bitch in heat.”
His feet skidded and he saw Thomas standing in front of them with a pistol drawn. Sebastian moved to stand in front of John, but John held him back.
“Fear not, I’ve been reading your medical books and I am confident that I will put my learnings to good use.”
“Open the window then. Lord knows this room could use a good airing out.” John walked over to the window and opened it. He turned to Sherlock, searching for a sign of relief, but there remained that same uncomfortable look. He shook his head, “This is not what I need.”
“You murdered an innocent child, Moriarty. I hardly doubt that a normal person would do such a thing.”
The name he saw read “Watson”. The epitaph read that he succumbed to the effects of alcoholism. This reinforced the idea that the family was not rich. Sherlock also assumed that the man probably died from failure of the liver or an unfortunate accident while drunk. Watson’s face looked soft, clean-shaven. He was dead for a few months, but he looked as if his funeral was yesterday. Sherlock stared at the face for a long while before he started to hack away. Watson was not an ugly man, he was in fact quite attractive. Sherlock hesitated at first, he didn’t want to ruin such a gentle face. He found his nerve again and off the head went. Sherlock could not stop his silent apologies as he slid the head into the sack. He fixed the grave as best as he could before he returned the shovel to its rightful spot in the shed. He heaved the admittedly heavy sack over his shoulder and raced off to his manor.
Moriarty bent down and began to unbutton John’s shirt. The humiliation on John’s face nearly brought Sherlock to tears. Moriarty stared at the scars on John’s chest, on his left shoulder, around his neck. He gaped at him as if he were a scientific marvel. It sickened Sherlock to his very core to see John subjected to such embarrassment, to be reduced to this. Sherlock shook in his chair hoping that maybe he could be free of his bindings so he could save John. He would not be able to tell John the origin of his life. No being could be able to hear a story like that.
Sherlock kissed him shortly after their talk, and darted up the stairs to begin packing. Of course they were unable to leave that day, there were preparations to be made, inns to be located. Sherlock expected everything to fall into place when they arrived and John had no intention of stopping him. They spent that night as normal, laid up in bed, limbs tangled and as close together as humanly possible. John had taken to sleeping shirtless, the air had become a bit thicker since summer was approaching, Sherlock did not mind it.
John came over to the metal table and examined the man who refused to live. His hair was chestnut and damp due to the rain that they had let in alongside the lightning.
Sherlock’s conclusion: She would be greatly affected by his passing, but she would learn to manage the pain, and she would move on.
The very thought of a companion pushed him to think harder. He stared up at the sky but the fog was heavy that evening, rendering the stars’ shine dull. However seeing them halted his thoughts. He set his fountain pen down and rose from his chair to go to  the window sill, pressing his face to the glass so that he might get a better view.
John closed his eyes and said, “It appears I am too weary to move. You must help me change, Sherlock.”
Sherlock turned and left. As he neared his room his body grew heavier. He felt relieved when he opened the door, locking it behind him. He never recalled his bed being as soft and comforting before. He lifted his blanket up and slid underneath, wanting to feel as smothered as possible. He supposed that he wanted to feel what Mycroft felt, or perhaps his mother. The thought of being trapped in bed, the sensation of losing oxygen, suffocating. Sherlock stopped when he heard the crack of thunder. He closed his eyes and nestled into the bed as if he could sink deeper. He wanted to find a slumber that had eluded him for days. Sleep only came to him a few hours, even minutes, at a time, never the amount he yearned for. He decided to roll over and stare at the bookshelf that was gifted to him by Mycroft. The first row contained various fairy tales. The second row was filled with encyclopedias of plants, biology, astronomy, and chemistry. Mycroft had acquired them once he realized Sherlock was fascinated by the sciences. He never told Sherlock to stop his experiments no matter how much he disapproved of them. He was the only one that accepted Sherlock without question. Now he was stuck with people like Alfred and Lady Martin.
Moriarty’s face hardened at Sherlock’s response and immediately his hand flew to John’s wounded shoulder and pressed into the open cut, causing John to hiss. Sherlock’s jaw dropped and instantly he said, “I am the one who reported the murder!”
“Watson!” Sherlock blurted out. He cursed himself for not giving John a last name all those weeks ago. Thomas did not mind Sherlock’s interruption, and John graciously accepted the man’s hand. The two gave a firm handshake.
Two knocks on the door followed by Mrs. Hudson’s entrance interrupted Sherlock’s thoughts. She swore a bright smile and closed the door behind her. She looked down at John sleeping on the floor and then back at Sherlock.
Thomas nodded and motioned for them to follow. John barely caught him say, “It will all be for naught if Moriarty has his way.”
Sherlock tipped his head in thanks, prompting the man to scurry off to the next customer that walked in. Sherlock walked up and down the section of the store, searching for the right suit for John. He deserved the best, and only the best.
“It is a possibility. You extended your arms, he is mirroring you. Perhaps he is a faster learner than I presumed.”
“I am afraid that is my own affair, Inspector. Alas, you’ve no reason to worry I have not been up to illegal acts, if that was what you are wondering.”
He was met with incoherent mumblings. He placed a hand on John’s cheek and could not help but look up at the wound on John’s head. He knew that head wounds always bleed more than any other injury, but still, John should never bleed. He kissed John on the cheek, and then the other.
John walked to the front door and knocked twice. They only waited for a short amount of time before she opened the door. The look on her face indicated to the both of them that she clearly missed Sherlock, and from the sad yet nostalgic smile on Sherlock’s features, John could tell that he missed her too.
He sighed as they rode on the carriage, thinking back on that night, which prompted Sherlock’s attention.
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pressed the cold leather to his mouth. He saw the way John’s cheeks tinged from the sudden contact.
“I am not proud of what I did, John, but I am proud that it resulted in you. For a better man, I have never known.”
Yet another bout of silence. Sherlock would have to teach him English no doubt. Seeing as how Sherlock would not be able to fall asleep due to his rude awakening, he figured he might as well begin his lessons right then. He placed a hand on the wounded appendage.
They did not believe him. They saw, he had been stupid, so careless. They were going to report him to the police and he was going to be arrested. He would not last in prison, his mind would tear to pieces, he could not be away from John for such a long period of time.
“...If you must know how it was done...then fine. I shall tell you, I shall tell you all that you need to know.”
“However, that seems too easy. And we are so far from London.” Sherlock exhaled at the statement. “I decided that I owe you a fall.”
John had the look of a man faced with a difficult position but eventually nodded and rose from his spot on the floor. He extended his hand to Sherlock, who accepted it graciously. Before they went to their room, Sherlock turned around and said, “John will fetch you a blanket and there is a pillow resting behind you that you may use.”
He stopped speaking for a bit to gather his thoughts. Sherlock waited patiently and earnestly to hear what John had to say next.
Anderson grunted and pressed his face to the bars, Thomas could smell the rancid odor of the vomit that was in the cell. He had been intoxicated yesterday, that was clear. Anderson smiled and then grasped the bars of the cell door as if he were to be thrust into oblivion at any given moment. What Sally saw in this man, Thomas would never know.
“If I held such distaste toward you I would have left long ago. I have already told you my reason for staying, so why is that you try so hard to force my eviction?”
Sherlock wanted to thank John, but he could not find the words to speak, and he was sure John would take offense to the statement so he resolved to muster something resembling a smile. Some time passed before Sherlock finally spoke.
Thomas rose and went. Sebastian sat uneasily as Moriarty stared at him with those soulless black eyes and a smile that sent chills up his spine. He took slow drags from his cigar and Thomas walked over to him with a glass of whiskey. They sat in silence and Sebastian refused to drink the amber liquid. Moriarty rose from his seat and was only mere inches away from the sitting man.
A million questions formed in her mind at the odd request but she nodded her head and scurried off to send the message. Sherlock waited until she was gone before he left. There was no rain this time, better for him to get things done. He placed a cap on his head and moved as quickly as he could. Thankfully there was no one else on the streets since having the elite as neighbors meant that everyone was to be in their homes and in bed before midnight. Yet another social rule he didn’t care for.
Their conversation ended there. They both cleaned up their dinner in the quiet company of each other, occasionally they stealing glances at one another, and if caught, simply flashing a shy smiles. John sat on the couch and watched as Sherlock fluttered about with his pajamas draped over his arm as he  prepared his bath. He took his seat with John as he waited for the tub to fill. His eyes were fixed on the flames, whereas John’s were fixed on him.
John’s cheeks coloured as well at the new knowledge, his mind immediately conjuring images of Sherlock touching himself, filling himself up with his fingers.
The belligerent man laughed and pushed him again. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw that the two were not alone. The group of men circled around Sherlock, staring at him with hungry eyes, waiting for the chance to tear him to shreds.
Sherlock sighed, “It would appear so Mrs. Hudson. I would prefer if he were left to rest. The day was long.”
“You are not anymore?” John asked, helping with his free hand to undo the last few buttons and then promptly getting out of the garment.
John nodded and took another sip of his tea. His food had already been eaten. Had he waited for Sherlock? It was no matter, Sherlock was away for nearly an hour, he was hungry and therefore could not wait. He hoped that John would not notice the distracted look he wore. He watched John read the paper and took short sips from his tea. Every so often, he would see John’s eyes peer over the paper and look at his. John knew. Perhaps not the exact details but it was clear that the man sensed something had gone awry. They barely ate in silence. It would only be a matter of time before John set his paper down and started to speak. And right on cue his lips parted with an intake of breath.
“John, I love you,” Sherlock breathed, forehead resting against John’s as they both managed their breathing.
“Such words you say…” Sherlock trailed off towards the end. Why was John so kind to him? How long had he spent reading those books on biology and the practices of medicine solely for the purpose of treating Sherlock’s wounds and ailments? He must have done it while Sherlock slept. He studied every word, examined every picture, all for Sherlock. The wounded man shook his head in disbelief, it was the perfect man he set out to create, and a perfect man John had become. The way he fussed at Sherlock’s left cheek. From the amount of rags John used on it, he deduced that the cut was wide, but not deep enough to require stitches. That, Sherlock was grateful for. The flat was deathly quiet as John cleaned the cuts scattered across Sherlock’s face. He could not help but realize that each time John looked at one of the wounds, his eyes lit with something Sherlock could not determine. He was upset, of course he was, Sherlock saw how dangerous he looked when Gregory broke up the fight; how he knew that John could destroy the inspector effortlessly if Sherlock had not stopped him. He was so fierce and protective of...of him.
Sebastian looked down, his cheeks tinted red. “I... I’ve come to deliver this.” In his hand, there was a letter. Sherlock’s eyes flickered up to Sebastian, who seemed guiltier than anything.
John sighed. He stared at Sebastian and smiled at how the man snored lightly. He tried to impress her at dinner, this much was true. He did his job well.
“The Consumption was in his lungs, thus making it a highly contagious disease. The doctor had bid me caution, but had not forbade my presence. It was Mycroft who did not allow me to see him. He claimed that it was for my sake as well as the family’s in the event we both found our demise in sickness. I became so angry, John, so bitter, so...dejected. Why would he do such a thing to me? Why would he cast me away like that? I hated him, positively detested him, I hated him because he would let me suffer to save face. He died the day before Christmas. I am told his last words were, ‘Tell him I am sorry.’”
“Mmm...Sherlock…” John tried to rub the sleep from his eyes and wake up fully but Sherlock could see how dreadfully tired he was. Why wouldn’t John ever take time for himself?
Sherlock was dripping onto his stomach and he knew he was getting dangerously close to reaching climax. “Now, please, John! Enter me, make me yours, fill me up.”
Sherlock’s mistake was making eye contact with John. He could not stand to see the pure and utter pain that was all over his love’s face. For a very brief moment he grew angry with Sebastian for teasing his John in such a terrible way. He did not want John to know that he was here until the absolute last second. Sebastian, along with Sherlock, were the only two people that could ever break down the strong, soldier-like resolve that only John could possess. It was not as if Sebastian was not hurt by this departure, perhaps he spotted John earlier and wanted to let him go about his day, but Sebastian was still very much like a child emotionally. He was not like John who became the wise, kind, and handsome man that Sherlock knew now, and the sight of John had simply become too much.
John’s brows rose in excitement. This was the first time Sherlock had ever made a roast. He could not fight the smile that came to his face as John hurriedly lifted the lid of the tray, the aroma of succulent meat wafting out into the room. He cut a piece for Sherlock and then a rather large one for himself.
After so long of daydreaming, of convincing himself such an interaction would never happen, Sherlock’s body was alight with anticipation. John’s hands moving across his back, the scratch of his stubble against Sherlock’s jaw, flooded his senses with arousal. He was already hardening in his trousers and Sherlock just wanted more.
“I do not enjoy this, nor do I ever want to do such a thing like this ever again! I have only done it the once so that I might finally have a companion, one that would present me with the undying affection of a friend, of a family member, I had not meant to fall so helplessly in love with you! We have little over a month to create this man, and when that time has run out, we shall hand him over to Moriarty so that we may live and love in secrecy. Don’t you see, my dear John, that there is little I would not do to ensure your safety? Our safety?”
Naturally, John took his seat next to Sherlock. Sherlock wondered if she saw the way John squeezed his thigh underneath the table. They could not stay here, they could never come back. When he was sure that Mrs. Hudson was out of earshot, he said, “After breakfast, we shall depart from this place and return to Baker Street. We have overstayed our welcome.”
“Oh dear. You have no need to fear, I am very sorry if I have planted...troubling memories in your mind from the time we shared upstairs previously. I was startled, and I might further add that you were as well.”
“Sebastian, if you would only tell me what is troubling you. You are not well, please, tell me what is wrong.”
“I must report a stolen wallet. Just off the corner of this street I was robbed by a lowly street urchin, who made off with my wallet, as well as the assets kept inside. I must make you aware that I have lost quite the amount!”
John leaned in for another kiss. He puckered his lips and looked at Sherlock expectantly. Sherlock smirked and gave a brief, but passionate kiss and started to rummage through the bag. John rose from his kneeling position and joined Sherlock on the bed. He watched Sherlock pull out his confection and begin to eat it fussily.
“I suspect that they are homosexuals, degenerates to society. There was a moment during our conversation when the bloke laid his hands on Sherlock in places that should never meet his touch and to my dismay, Sherlock did not shy away from such unlawful conduct. Surely Mycroft must be rolling in his grave to be witness to such...depravity.”
Sherlock relinquished the dishes over to John, who seemed satisfied that he had worn Sherlock down enough to allow him to help. Sherlock took a seat upon the couch. The sound of the dishes clattering, John’s little hums of nothing - Sherlock could swear they were a thousand miles away. All that mattered to him was that cafe. The one that was directly under the sun, where the people greeted him with smiles and did not roll their eyes at the sight of him, even if they did not like him. The cafe where that lovely young man with the chestnut hair and honey-colored eyes worked. The cafe that Sherlock could never go back to because there was no more sun, no more smiles, and that young man was no longer lovely.
Sherlock gave him a curt nod but he could not help but worry. He kissed John three times already. He had gone against everything Mycroft said. He did not want to think of about it.
Sherlock had not thought about that. John loved the danger that the fire posed to him. Did he think that Sherlock took pleasure in such things as well? In all the time they spent together, the two men always finished the day by sitting in front of the fireplace. Sherlock had yet to play his violin for his friend. What a wondrous thing, to play for John. Sherlock did not favor crowds but for John he would play every piece known to man if asked. To play with another body in the room was something, to play with John in the room was everything.
John opened his mouth to respond but Sebastian replied, “His surly demeanor holds no candle to Moriarty.” It was a joke, but John found no humor in it, and from the way the humor did not reach Sebastian’s eyes, neither did he.
The cab rocked as the horses turned and navigated through the London streets. In the duration they had spent sitting inches apart from each other, John had not turned to him even once. Sherlock should have told him about all of this but he hadn’t expected someone like Moriarty to reveal the secrets.The way the man had stared at him with those beady eyes, sneered at him, remarked upon how ghastly his stitches were. Why did he not try hard enough to make them cleaner, why did he have to rush the construction so? Now John would be be reminded of this day each time he undressed, after every bath, the mirrors would have to be removed from their rooms.
John was unsure, but the sound that Sherlock gave was something between a sob and a cough. What a miserable creature he had become. John took his seat at the edge of the bed, careful to avoid the puddle of Sherlock’s regurgitation. As he suspected, it was nothing more than bile, seeing as though Sherlock refused to ingest anything, not even tea. John shook his head and rested a hand on Sherlock’s clammy back. The man was running a fever, he could tell that much.
“I’ll come for the dish twenty minutes from now, the plate shall be spotless upon my return, do you understand?”
Sherlock chuckled and took out the paper he bought on the way to the flat. “You grow smarter every day.”
John slammed his fist down on the arm of the chair, creating a loud sound throughout the flat. Sherlock sat up immediately.
John’s hands roved over Sherlock’s back and down over the curves of his arse, wanting so badly for the barrier of clothing to be gone. He tugged down at Sherlock’s robe, letting the navy silk slide to the floor. The detective was on the same train of thought, slender fingers going to the button of John’s vest and then his shirt after the first piece hit the ground.
He felt the tears welling in his eyes again, to cry twice in one night, how pathetic he was. He was not prone to such sentiment. Mycroft abhorred it. He could remember every instance where Mycroft scolded him for crying over such menial events, like the time the stray cat that wandered into their yard was trampled by the horses of a hansom cab. Sherlock cried and cried, and Mycroft scowled and told him that he was a fool for loving a cat that only wanted him for food. When Sherlock was a child he loved everything and everyone, and Mycroft always told him that he was wrong for it. All Sherlock knew was Mycroft, until Mycroft decided to let Sherlock meet other children his age.
They had a daunting amount of labour ahead of them over the next few weeks but Sherlock knew that as long as he had John by his side he could and would accomplish anything to keep their happiness.
She pointed at Sherlock, who didn’t notice their presence. The man squinted his beady eyes, but could hardly make out what Sherlock was up to.
“You do not have to do that, sir.” Sebastian refused to turn to face him. He was terrified, but knowing Moriarty, he already knew.
Sherlock propped John up so that his knees would not scrape against the tiles. After a pregnant pause, Sherlock finally spoke again.
He spun around and made haste to his room, leaving John dumbfounded and concerned. He shut the door once he was inside and launched himself onto his bed. What a fool he was, what a moron, he knew better, he had been told but he never listened. He learned through Mycroft and that cafe he loved so much.
“And how do you think we shall obtain such a force? My suggestion was not resolute, I am not sure if I spoke of something possible, yet you would indulge in my impossible theories?”
Moriarty chuckled at the look of guilt written all over Sherlock’s face. He had to tell John, he deserved to be informed of how he came to be and how he came to be loved.
He thought it best for John never to look at him again. Those eyes, steady and enchanting, they would never look at him the same way. What would he do once they returned to the flat? Would John want further explanations? Would he force Sherlock to tell him every detail from his construction up until their first meeting? Or could Sherlock lock himself away and wait for the day John would finally tell Sherlock how much he despised him and that what they had would never happen again? Sherlock would surely crumble at hearing those words. They were ugly, bitter words, they did not fit John’s mouth or his suit his voice. Then again, Sherlock would be deserving of it all. John’s life was yet another he destroyed, but Sherlock’s life would too shatter if John were to ever leave him. There was no Sherlock Holmes without his John Watson, not anymore.
He frowned when he heard his companion groan, unaware that John had begun to slumber. Sherlock hated to rouse him when he was tired but this was of the highest import. He made his way toward the stairs so he could open the windows, he had to make sure that the lightning found its way to the rods. This had to work, the creation had to wake up.
The sleeping man unconsciously complied and moved over, allowing John enough room to get over him and get dressed. He had wanted to spend the day sight-seeing with Sherlock but he did not know when Sherlock would rise  John wanted to get a head start so that when he went with Sherlock, he could be of some use. Before he left the room, he walked over to what would be Sherlock’s bed, and mussed up the sheets to make it seem like he had slept in it.
Lestrade looked as if he was breaking some sort of rule telling Sherlock about anybody who visited the station. Sherlock sat back, Lestrade was definitely thinking of the most peculiar visits to tell Sherlock about.
“Fortunately, John witnessed the whole altercation and rushed to my aid. An inspector by the name of Lestrade apprehended the aggressors and allowed John and myself to go.”
It was at that moment that Sherlock saw it sticking out of the box as clear as day. The syringe that he had used during those years where he could not fathom the loneliness, or the static in his head. He wanted silence, any form of love, and he found those in cocaine. That day Mycroft had found him in his room. He had been out of country for a few days so Sherlock thought it easier to get his high at home. Too many times he woke in those shabby houses that belonged to London’s underworld; feeling grimy and dizzy and hopelessly sad. It was in the midst of his intoxication that Mycroft barged into the room, gaze worried only to go wide at the sight of his little brother slumped over, barely able to form a sentence. Sherlock waited, he readied himself for his brother’s rage, but where he expected physical blows he only found himself being wrapped in his brother’s arms with his head upon Mycroft’s chest. Mycroft cradled Sherlock as if he were a newborn too fragile for anyone else’s hold except his own. Mycroft sniffled and pressed his nose into greasy, tangled, curls. Sherlock had not meant to make his brother cry, Mycroft was always so strong and invincible, stoic. It was there that both brothers cried; one at the feeling of guilt, and the other because of self-pity. He forced out apologies through sloppy tears, he wanted Mycroft to understand that he did it because he did not want to hurt anymore.
John nodded frantically, taking his hard cock in hand and passing his slicked hand over it. He had to add a little more but with the addition of his precome, John was ready. He brought the head of his cock to Sherlock’s slick entrance, lining up and beginning to push. It was a wonder to watch it disappear inside his lover but the sensation was unlike anything else. “Oh, bloody hell. Sherlock!” John gasped, unable to process such warmth and constriction around his member.
John had been waiting for this moment for so long and finally Sherlock was not objecting. In fact, Sherlock looked eager especially as he shot to his feet and carelessly tossed his pipe onto the side table. Veridian blues slipped down to John’s groin and a little smile of relief passed over those reddened lips before Sherlock grabbed at John’s hand to tug him down the hall. Of course the man went willingly.
That sparked a genuine laugh out of Sherlock. John had the humor that he wished he possessed. Sherlock turned over, almost forgetting that there was hardly enough room to do so. John only continued the process of washing Sherlock’s hair, and carried on as gently as possible. Sherlock closed his eyes and laid a hand on John’s arm. He realized that this would be the perfect opportunity for John to initiate intercourse with him. They were both nude, Sherlock was relaxed, if not a bit weak, the conditions were perfect. Yet, John made no move nor mention of any further intimacy than this, Sherlock found this mind-boggling.
John was munching away at his morning toast when Sherlock burst into the room, grinning like a madman and whirling about as gracefully as a cat.
Sherlock nearly swooned when John took his hands in his own. He commanded Sherlock’s gaze meet his without uttering a word. Sherlock feared that he would never truly be able to stop falling for him no matter how hard he tried. He prayed that no one would enter the room and interrupt this moment.
Sally lost her nerve then, she looked over at her ailing lover and then back at Sherlock. “I’m sorry about your brother.”
Sherlock’s false smirk turned sympathetic at Sally’s condolences. She let out a breath and said, “Right. Banville wrote us a letter a few days back. Says he’s with a man named Moriarty in Switzerland, on some sort of business.”
Sherlock shook his head. John would not leave him, he was merely overacting. However, Sherlock was the only other person John knew. What if he met another man or even a woman out there and favored their company over Sherlock’s? Would he pester him? Would he beg Sherlock every hour of every night to let him see his new friend again? Or would John become angry with him for hiding him in the flat for so long? The worst scenario that Sherlock’s mind could conjure was John falling in love with that person, or simply growing tired of Sherlock and leaving him alone. Sherlock was not sure if he would be able to survive without his John. To be left alone in the flat without a soul to talk to, even someone he had created especially for himself not being able to stand his company. Sherlock was sure that he would take his own life. He was also certain that no one would notice his absence either, and his body would be left to rot.
Now Sherlock was rubbing his thumb against John’s hand. He had not let go since they entered the carriage. They were gone from Baker Street now and John did not know the buildings they passed. He wished that Sherlock would change his mind and give up whatever goose chase he was taking them on so they could return to Baker Street. He did not belong anywhere other than their flat - Moriarty had made that evidently clear.
It had to have been John. He did seem to be on edge when Thomas approached the two. Seeing as how this happened the day before, John would have every reason to be cautious of any stranger that Sherlock came across. When did Sherlock ever gain the friendship of another man? No, more than friendship, no man touches their friend the way John touched Sherlock. He shook his head, surely he had only imagined it. Sherlock did not care for men, Sherlock was not a...he was not a homosexual. Oh, how disappointed Mycroft would be.
Sherlock wanted to ignore the hurt he felt when he saw the corners of John’s mouth twinge into a smile. John did not believe him. Why would he? All John witnessed was the caretaker in her, he did not have the great fortune of coming to know her over three decades. He was not able to notice the difference in her affections, but Sherlock knew, and it broke his heart to realize that now he truly had nothing left for him at the manor.
John stared at Sherlock’s lips as he said the word. He then took a deep breath and attempted to say it again.
John placed a hand on his head and shook it. “This cannot be, you...you are gone from me. You are but a figment of my mind. I--I must away.”
Sherlock smiled and set the plate on his night stand. “Good.” He pressed a kiss to John’s temple and joined him as they sat and ate in silence. They had said all they needed to on the train and now they just wanted each other’s presence and nothing else. The food was good enough, John supposed, but he had had better back at Baker Street. At the thought, John sighed. He missed their flat. He missed the security of it, and the intimacy of their bedroom. He set the plate down and moved back to lay down while Sherlock still sat on the edge of the bed finishing his food. John was surprised to see Sherlock eat as much as he did, he was probably just as hungry as John was. Sherlock set the plate down next to John’s half-eaten one and turned to face his sleepy love.
John heard the way Sherlock coughed from where he sat in the laboratory. The body of the man was splayed atop the metal table and John had just finished recording his thoughts in his journal. He sighed, he hadn’t had much time to himself since Sherlock fell ill. He had told the man time and time again to rest and eat accordingly, and each time he assumed that Sherlock had finally obeyed him, he would find Sherlock shivering in the attic while attending to the body. They had nearly finished the man and the allotted two months were not yet reached. While John was grateful, Sherlock always found something that needed to be changed or another stitch that needed to be sewn. Sherlock was anxious, that much was obvious, and he was likely scared. Moriarty threatened to report them to the police, and after everything John had seen, Sherlock would not do well in prison, especially without his company. There was the other fact that Sherlock was quite ashamed of his sexuality. It saddened John to see the way he looked at odds with himself after a kiss or going to bed together. He knew that Sherlock loved him deeply but there persisted a pang of self-hatred that coursed through Sherlock at intervals. John cursed Sherlock’s brother, Thomas, and Mrs. Hudson for it. He was a good man and he deserved the world, not this fear of something so pure and harmless.
John beamed at being praised by Sherlock, and Sherlock was more than happy to compliment him on his intelligence. He noticed how hard John worked, he would even catch John reading before he retired to bed. How proud he was. Sherlock headed into the kitchen and returned with a sandwich, cut in halves. He had noticed that it was nearly three in the afternoon, meaning they missed lunch and breakfast altogether. He was not sure if John was hungry, if he even understood what hunger felt like. He smiled once he saw John’s face light up at the sight of their lunch on the table. Sherlock handed John one half, and then took his own seat in front of his half. He always waited until John ate first because he wanted to see John’s face when he took the first bite. Sherlock had not made anything too elegant, it was usually sandwiches or eggs. John preferred eggs and toast with strawberry jam but whatever Sherlock placed in front of him, he was more than happy to devour. John’s eyes closed and the only noise in the flat was John’s chewing. Sherlock chuckled and took a bite.
“I do not want it to be forced, Sherlock. If we are to continue our activities, I would like it if you were happy doing so.”
“It all depends on the heartlessness of the courts, you’ve seen what they’ve done to Wilde, haven’t you? Sentenced to hard labor, that’s considered a light punishment in regard to the law he broke. It is Gross Indecency, John.”  He spoke with a soft harshness, and from the tone alone John could see how severe their situation is. “Which would you prefer, hm? Would you want to ingest medication that drastically changes your hormones so that you might ‘suppress’ your sexual urges? Or if that seems unappealing to you, why not simply go to jail and serve your sentence there, for however long that may be. Or if that does not suit you, there is always the very convenient alternative of  execution! John, listen to me when I tell you that there is no worse crime than to be a homosexual in these trying times. There are cases of rape that were not handled as severely as they would us should the police ever hear news of our being together!”
Would this man be his brother, he wondered. They came from the same sort of womb, built upon the same cold metal table, made from pieces of corpses, and they were born from the same person, Sherlock Holmes. Moriarty would come for this man in a fortnight, and they were to hand off the poor sod to the madman without protest and assume that life would continue its peculiarly normal routine. They would wake, they would eat, they would read, and John would wonder what became of the creation. Did Moriarty treat him as well as Sherlock treated him? Would he come to fall in love with his companion too? Or would Moriarty twist the pure soul into someone even crueler and horrid than he is? These thoughts plagued his mind constantly and he had half a mind to tell Sherlock of his troubles, but then came to the decision that Sherlock was in no condition to hear of such worries.
“It was Banville that told me of his relationship to Mycroft and yourself, and it is Banville that helped me in capturing you.”
John waved his hand in the air. The laboratory, the cot, the notes, this was how he was born...no, this is how he was
They were currently having a meal and Sherlock smiled as he watched John eat. The other man had wanted to practice his skills with the knife and fork so Sherlock allowed John to use the utensils on the egg that was cooked for him. He was careful with his cuts, not too small and not too large. Sherlock was so immensely proud of John, for his intelligence, cleverness, and for simply existing. Sherlock had come a long way from the first night he had begun the process of creating John and they had come so far already. Would he ever tell John the true nature of his birth? Would he realize that he was not like Sherlock? That he had scars and stitches in places that Sherlock did not?
Anderson clearly wasn’t interested in what Sherlock was doing, he tried to pull Sally along so that they could continue home.
John had expressed the need to retire to bed, and Sherlock was inclined to agree with him. When he moved to blow out the candle on his side of the bed, that’s when they both seen it. That flash of light that illuminated their entire room for not longer than a second before the darkness engulfed them both again.
John smiled and pulled Sherlock’s hair slightly so that his head would tip back and meet John’s gaze. He smiled at the sight and puckered his lips so that he would be graced with John’s own. Indeed, the angle was awkward but their lips did meet in the sweetest of kisses.
Mycroft’s study was as tidy as a human could possibly manage. Sherlock remembered the way Mycroft fussed over the tiniest speck of dust on his immaculate shelf. He always worked. Sherlock had to spend hours at a time coercing him to take a break, have a cup of tea, or even read the next chapter of his newest book. Mycroft had never listened to him, and seldom had intervals where he was inactive. He wondered if Mycroft ever slept in his bed or merely used it for his reading sessions. He laughed to himself, what a stubborn man. John walked over to the box that held things precious to Mycroft. Sherlock had already knew in his heart that he would not throw a single item away. With slow and careful steps, he made his way over to the desk. Everything remained as Mycroft had placed it and Sherlock was scared that even the slightest movement of anything on it would incur the wrath of Mycroft’s ghost. The first thing that caught his eye was a sheet of music.
He reached over and began to fill out the paper that was in front of him. It mainly asked for the description of the stolen item, as well as a few questions regarding the time, place, and date of the theft. He finished quickly and rose to leave the building. As he neared the exit, he heard his name being called from the row of cells. He turned his head only to find none other than Anderson and Sally sitting behind the bars looking as miserable as ever. Anderson’s clothes were soiled, and although Thomas was not in close proximity with the two, the familiar sour scent of vomit invaded his nostrils.
“I set out for Baker Street that same night, after appointing Mrs. Hudson as caretaker of the manor. It was here that I assembled your body after spending many sleepless nights acquiring the notes and plans to construct you. The process took weeks, perhaps months, I had spent much of that time ill and bereaved.”
Soon, John was pushing his finger inside, twisting it to coat the inner rim with the substance as well.
He could hear John say something, but once again it was nothing more than mumbling mixed in with unintelligible words. He was concussed, if this was not the case then the person, or people, that had done this to him had come back a second time after the initial kidnapping to silence him once more. He grabbed John’s cheeks in his hands and lifted his face so that he could see John’s eyes but they were closed.
“I’ve already told you of my brother’s death at the manor, I’d rather not retell it if that is alright.”
The man responded with a nod, eyes fixed on Sherlock’s before he claimed his lips once more, “You know I love you too.”
Sherlock stood in front of the waterfall and admired it. It was a gorgeous creation of nature. If only he were there only to admire it and not for a final confrontation with Moriarty. The only thing he wished was that John would get out of this safely. He would leave with Sebastian and they would find a home somewhere that was not Baker Street, somewhere safe with no reminders of this day or their time here.
Sherlock set the paper down, tears running down his face. The letter he held in his hands was the last document that Mycroft had ever written. How painful it must have been for him, to rise from his bed in the brutally cold room, and to write down his last wishes, his goodbye for Sherlock all the while dying slowly.
With that, John exited the room donned in the outfit that Sherlock had been dying to see him wear. He looked ravishing. The brown brought out the golden hue in his hair and the blue in his eyes. He was simply stunning and incredibly handsome in the suit. Sherlock grinned and rose from the couch.  All that needed to be done was the tie, the jacket, and the hat. Sherlock finished his ensemble with the tie and he buttoned up John’s jacket before they left the flat together. Baker Street was always crowded this time of day. An hour when everyone was working or heading toward their places of employment. Everyone except John and Sherlock, that was.
He sighed out of relief once he saw the coach staged outside of the home. He entered and threw the sack inside, causing a loud thud. Before he could climb in, Jeanette ran up to him, looking dreadfully tired.
He stood in the middle of his bedroom, the words of his brother, of those who had ridiculed him, and of his own self-disdain filled his mind. His breaths came laboured and his eyes were hot and unseeing. A downpour beat against the windows, a constant thrum of noise to which the patter of his heart raced to match. The candle in his room, by whose lone light Sherlock had been writing, flickered as it came to an end, extinguished by its own pool of wax. Sherlock was frantically spiralling down into an abyss he had arduously fought all his life and, for a moment, he wondered if that was where he belonged. His mind was tearing itself apart where he stood and Sherlock was losing the battle against himself with every second past.
He prepared himself, he was going to make a complete and utter fool out of himself and in front of John out of all people. He was not far from the flat, if he had to make an estimation of time, he would be approximately twenty minutes away from Baker Street. He sighed, he was not very attentive when he was absorbed in his thoughts. He turned around and began walking in the direction from which he came.
As was characteristic of most his journal entries, John’s had become more and more about his feelings for Sherlock. Somehow his descriptions of the day had turned solely to describing the small things about Sherlock that he loved. Naturally, this lead to a fond and thoughtful gaze resting on the detective’s form.
“Do forgive the ungodly state of it, I had it in my hold at the time of the attack. I assure you that the contents inside are unharmed.”
“Sebastian, none of this is your fault. Sherlock should not have used you in such a deceptive manner. He should have been honest with me so that we may both be together in such a dark and trying time. Trust me when I say that I am not cross with you. I could never bring myself to be upset with you in any way, Sebastian.”
“Dear brother, how would you have dealt with the imbeciles I encountered? Would you have defended me as is your familial duty?”
“What else could have forced my heart into its rhythm? You yourself have claimed that I laid unmoving for some days before you...forfeited me.”
Sherlock released his hands and said, “Look at the clouds, John. They are grey but their hue is much darker, thus signaling that we are to experience a storm, perhaps the storm of the year. With thunder comes lighting and I have, while you were occupied down here, created a means of conducting the electricity into the body, which in turn will provide him with life!”
Sebastian seemed alarmed as he saw John leave his field of sight. Sherlock shushed him and moved to take his hand again, though fearful that Sebastian would attempt to retaliate. He stayed his hand this time.
John didn’t respond. He only peppered kisses all over Sherlock’s shoulder and then his neck. As much as Sherlock wanted to be mad at him, he did not see reason and decided that John should be forgiven. He removed John’s hands from his waist and grabbed one as he led him to the dining room. He fully expected John to take his seat while he scrounged something up for the both of them to eat, but John followed him into the kitchen. Sherlock frowned, they would have to shop for groceries soon.
Sherlock paused, but then started again, keeping his pumps in a rhythm. They were not sure for how long Sherlock kept at it until the man that they were trying to revive opened his eyes, revealing them to be a startling shade of blue. He sucked in the air around him as if it were going to be his last breath. After a moment, he shot up, screaming as loud as his lungs could allow him albeit his voice hoarse and scratchy.. He grabbed Sherlock’s hands that were still resting upon his chest and threw him to the other side of the attic. Disoriented and confused, the man got off the table and began staggering around, knocking things to the ground either by stumbling into them or sweeping them off surfaces out of sheer rage. The room, which was still wet from the rain and cluttered by the past few weeks of work, now was the complete sight of destruction.
Moriarty’s hand fell from John’s shoulder. Sherlock sunk into the chair, his eyes traveled away from John’s pain-filled ones.
She raised her brow. Of course she would see right through him, she had known him for his whole life, tended to the wounds caused by the bullies, and she knew the difference between an accident from an experiment and a bruise created by a punch. He did not want to upset her this early in the morning but he knew that she would not leave well-enough alone.
“How I yearn for his presence, John! I long for the days where I can hear his condescending voice or wake to find him already dining on breakfast! My only brother, my only sibling, left to rot underneath the earth!”
He shook his head and returned to the present. The box was half-empty and John stood by his side watching. There was the broken magnifying glass that Sherlock thought Mycroft had gotten rid of, the book that Sherlock soaked in the pond at the park, and other miscellaneous items that Mycroft was too stubborn to toss.
They were seated in front of the tombstone for what felt like an eternity. Sherlock had not said a word and John feared that anything he said would only worsen the situation. It had pained him to see Sherlock hurt this way, and Sherlock had wished that John would not have to see him in his current state.
Sherlock’s cheeks tinged with pink at the words - So charming, so modest, so wonderful. He should have seen it coming, when John’s lips pressed against his own. It was swift and not as intimate as the first time, but filled to the brim with an identical passion.
Sherlock pulled the pipe from his mouth, straightening slightly in his seat to fix a more alert gaze upon John. “Oh? Do tell what you find so remarkable.”
John rolled up his sleeves and set out to collect the water. There was already some warming over the fire thankfully, that would help the water be just warm enough for Sherlock’s aches and pains. The tub was quickly filling up with each new addition and hot water added intermittently had steam rising from the surface. By the time it was ready for Sherlock, the water would be suitably cooled. John was perspiring with the effort but the ache in his muscles was energizing and knowing Sherlock would enjoy the bath provided more than enough motivation. This was the least he could do for someone putting all his effort into saving their lives.
He turned to face the person who shouted that horrid name at him. It was a man and a woman. The couple did not look too well off, they were not poverty-stricken, but neither were they middle-class or even upper for that matter. The man was clearly drunk, his beady eyes latched onto Sherlock’s. The woman looked none too happy either. Sherlock had never seen them before.
He kissed John again in hopes a smile would form on that sullen face that did not suit John one bit.
Sherlock struggled to keep his composure. His body shook with anger and sadness as he remembered those awful days spent listening to Mycroft’s gasps for breath and rough coughing. He looked nothing like himself when Sherlock saw his body before the funeral. He was thin and pale, and so unlike the man he knew before.
John smiled one of those smiles that made Sherlock positively weak. Those thoughts began swimming through his mind again. He yearned for John, he pined for him, but he could not do that to him. He could not defile John.
Both were breathing hard as their wide eyes met. Though brief, returning to the sound of the rain beating against the panes seemed quiet compared to what had just happened
Sherlock’s cheeks grew dark with a blush, holding the tin like a precious item in his large hands. “Y-You see, although I have not been with anyone, I have fantasized and...And, before you, I would...I would pleasure myself. This, well, makes it easier.”
Returning back to Baker Street brought relief to both men. Although Sebastian was not in tow to fill the flat up with his added presence, both men were relieved to find the sense of gaping loss gone from their spirits. Sebastian was learning to make his way with Mrs. Hudson’s guidance, free to make his own choices now and free to develop his own character. Certainly John found himself feeling nostalgic as he recalled memories of raising Sebastian in their flat but they left him with a little smile instead of regret and guilt.
John’s hand clenched into a fist at that. Thomas was trying to get a rise out him, and it worked, despite himself he wanted to hurt the older man. Sebastian stopped him before he could actually inflict any damage on him.
“Is this all? You’ll pardon me for inquiring about this man with such fervor. He is a family friend and I only want the best for him. To hear that he has been subject to London’s Underworld in such a way is very upsetting. I shall take my leave now, if that is alright.”
Sherlock positioned himself closer to John, he felt the skin of John’s knee brush against his own. Had forgotten that the both of them were clad in nothing but the dressing gowns, Sherlock was wearing underwear, the same could not be said of John. Sherlock cleared his throat and begun to read aloud to the man next to him.
John stroked Sherlock’s curls; Sherlock closed his eyes and attempted to stifle his tears as he felt John’s soft breath on his scalp.
Sherlock did not gift him with a response. He placed both hands on the cold chest and began to pump. John watched as Sherlock did this.
“Will you kiss me?” Sherlock asked with the tone of a child. John only smiled and said, “You only need to ask,” before pressing their lips together again.
“Please, see reason. You are an intelligent man and I am sure you understand better than I why she took great pains to conceal this from you. Do you not notice how it hurts you, Sherlock? It pains me to see you tormented so. I do not know your brother, I have not been given the opportunity to, however, I understand the extent to which you miss him. I have not been witness to how you were after his passing but Mrs. Hudson has. Bear her no ill will, she was protecting you, as you say she was, but it was well-meant.”
John saw the way Sherlock’s face shriveled into the most sorrowful of expressions he had seen him wear. His words were true, Mrs. Hudson had become cold to him. John could only offer an embrace, unsure how else to comfort Sherlock. The man was grateful for even the smallest of touches that John could give him. It meant more to him than he could say to have John by his side.
Neither of them could do more than catch their breaths and wade through the haze of satisfaction. Only a few minutes later could John manage a drunken smile, opening his eyes to see the same elated expression on his beloved’s face.
One of them grabbed him from behind and he tried to shake them off but only succeeded in breaking some of the china in the kitchen. The other man, the one with the injured nose, came at him with a blunt object. The first strike did little else other than disorienting him.
Sherlock’s legs started wobbling as he read the inscription. He would have given Mycroft a better epitaph but he remembered his brother scoffing at the idea years before he died. Sherlock knelt down and gave the smooth tombstone a few strokes.
The smaller man surged forward, grabbing at Sherlock’s hips and urging him back until the back of the man’s knees hit the edge of the bed. Obligingly, Sherlock sat down and edged backwards, dropping the tin onto the sheets as John climbed over top of him. One of his legs was between Sherlock’s, his knee pushing right up into the man’s groin.
Sherlock did not respond. His eyes were closed so John assumed that he had fallen asleep. He removed his hand and stood up to clean the mess on the floor. It was then he heard Sherlock’s pitiful voice whine, “Stay, please.”
“I have no qualms about your reading with me. It shall prove fundamental to you, and entertaining to me.”
Sherlock sighed. He did not want to take John out with him but he had to be sure that the clothes fit. He brought a finite amount of money with him to Baker Street and he did not want to see it wasted on ill-fitting clothes. He gave John a smirk.
The moonlight shone through the window as the two slept, well, as John slept. Sherlock was nestled against John’s chest, listening to the sound of his heart and loving every soft thump that it made. John was more exhausted than Sherlock had ever seen him be before, but they had begun their progress on Moriarty’s creation with only a few notes and sketches to show for it.
Slowly, John continued to push inside, stopping periodically to let Sherlock adjust. The moment he was seated inside Sherlock, John grabbed at his thighs to pull up those long legs over his hips. He breathed out hard before beginning to work his hips in and out.
“I do not tire of the fire, Sherlock. I quite like it, with its bright flames that threaten to burn my skin. I know you do not like me straying so close to the fire, but I cannot help it. I enjoy the peril that has been thrust upon me.”
Sherlock placed his hand on John’s arm and began stroking it gently. “Fine. I will I aid you, since you are so incapable.”
He couldn’t find the voice to say those words. If John wanted to help him cook eggs, although he would have to teach the man because John had never cooked a thing in his short life. He nodded and handed John the eggs. The time they spent cooking did wonders for them. They smiled more than they might have ever done in their time together. Sherlock laughed and teased more than John had ever seen him. He seemed softer, like the icy walls he built around his heart were finally melting and that John could finally see the Sherlock that was hidden away. Sherlock has never seen John so eager, so affectionate, sure there were the times where John has expressed the need to be intimate with Sherlock, but today, in this moment, Sherlock could not get enough of the sweet kisses that John showered upon him while he concentrated on not burning the food. By the end of it, their meals were left nearly untouched on their plates, but it was alright because neither of them felt hungry anymore. Sherlock wasn’t sure when he stopped caring for the food, but maybe it had something to do with the way John smiled when he made his plate effortlessly, or the kiss that Sherlock received soon after. It was probably the way John whispered, “I love you” in his ear before they took their seats.
After a moment of silence, he heard John’s soft whispers of “Sherlock”. Sherlock let out a laugh of relief.
“Does this man have a name?” It was not Moriarty, seeing as how the man was no more than a few years older than Sherlock himself. What Irishman caught Lestrade’s eye?
Sherlock loaded up the rest of their luggage in the carriage of the cart. John stood beside him and watched with a look of apprehension as he prepared for their journey to Switzerland. It had been days since Sherlock sprung that rather random question on him after being gone the whole morning and returning with little more than a newspaper and a kiss. Sherlock tossed the luggage to the driver with a ferocity that he had never seen. What demon had possessed his love?
Sherlock ran a hand over his face and sighed as he too sat on the bed. For a while they sat in silence and he wondered how long they would sit like that before John broke the silence or left the room, or him. This would surely be the breaking point for him. John would not be able to handle how much he had lied, or how often he kept the truth from everyone. Why would he follow a man to the ends of the earth if he could not even trust him to give him the truth? He should have known this would not last. Moriarty did it, he successfully killed Sherlock Holmes, or, he would if John left him. John would take Sebastian and flee the country. Would he go back to Baker Street? Paris? Or would he go to the States and make a life for himself there with a new companion? He loved John so much that it hurt, and it would surely ruin him if he were to leave now.
John pointed to Sherlock, who cradled his injured wrist in his other hand and hoped that the man would not try to harm John.
“Oh, very well Sherlock!” Sebastian was beaming now at the mention of freedom with the two people he loved most, trusting Sherlock so completely that he did not give a moment’s thought to doubts. “Where will we go?”
John imitated Sherlock’s disapproving head shake. Sherlock could hear John’s soft attempt at reiterating the word “Not”. Sherlock was never a man of infinite patience, but for John, he would wait as long as was necessary.
He sat him at the table in the dining room. Sherlock placed books on the table, leaving the other to stare at him in amusement. When Sherlock was finished, he opened up each book, one was The Bible, the other was The Complete Works of Shakespeare, and  the others were children’s books and novels that bore suitable names for his colleague.
Sebastian shook his head. “Forgive me, I have misled you with my words. I only meant that they have taken leave of our residence and did not wish to include me in their plans.”
“I needed to be rid of you, you know very private matters regarding me. Therefore, you are a risk and the only way to be sure of my safety was to remove you from the picture.”
“It was Banville that fed you the truth of our lives? Who instructed you to target us after all the harm we’ve caused you?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and laid back down. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s forehead - still warm. John shook his head and lifted the covers off.
“Sebastian,” Moriarty began once again, a malicious smirk pulling a corner of his lip, “where are you off to?”
John smiled and shook his head. “Of course not, Sebastian. You know that wherever I journey Sherlock is not far behind, and neither am I of him. This holiday was his idea; I regret to say that I was more than a bit reluctant to travel here. I suppose I should return to the inn and thank him.”
“Very interesting.” John dropped the conversation and after a few minutes, asked, “Might I read it with you?”
“Oh! Jo-hn,” Sherlock gasped, fingers curling around John’s forearms. His head dropped back against the pillow, back arching so he could push into the contact of John’s firm thigh. Sherlock was certainly hard now.
Thank you all so much for your patience and we promise that we try very hard to fit this into our busy schedules. Big thank you to my co-author for helping me with this!
John’s tongue slid across the seam of Sherlock’s lips, startling him into parting them and allowing John’s to slip inside. It was a strange sensation, their tongues mingling, but heat spiralled through Sherlock’s body to the tip of every extremity. It made him wind his arms tighter around John, his body yearning to be closer so he could feel the man against him.
Sherlock breathed out a pitiful chuckle. “It will always be the two of us against the world, will it not?”
“We will leave.” Sebastian whimpered. “We will go far from this place. Spin a globe and pick the spot it stops on.”
She walked over to the kitchen and Sebastian followed behind her. John and Sherlock looked at each other and headed upstairs to prepare for dinner.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered over to the body on the cot. The legs were attached to the torso already but because he had to stitch the body parts together, hideous black sutures were visible against the colourless skin. Sherlock wished he was better with a needle and thread as well so that the body might look more natural. He sighed and began to stitch the left arm to  the torso, stopping briefly to admire the scar that graced the shoulder. To anyone else, it would be unseemly, an aberration, grotesque. To Sherlock, the scar looked, in a few ways, like the sun. The bullet entered the center of the shoulder without precision, resulting in scar tissue that flared out like the rays of the sun. Sherlock found it beautiful, he also found himself melancholic that the man died from such a wound.
Sebastian did not speak or move and Moriarty’s face became grave. The hand with the cigar rose and hovered dangerously close to his skin. He could feel the heat singe the hair on his arm. He tried to steady his breathing. The trick was to make sure that he knew that you were not afraid.
Sebastian did not answer. John, too distracted in his worry, started pacing again. Sebastian fussed with his bandage. He hated himself, he was vile for treating John this way. How could he lie to him? The man he loved could very well be dead by now, and he would have died alone thanks to Sebastian. He was doing as Sherlock said, he was no good to Moriarty, but he would be good for Sherlock.
The surprise still kept had him frozen but more so, pure emotion was rising to the fore. It tightened his throat, made his chest constrict, and Sherlock felt his eyes sting with tears. John might find it completely pathetic of him to cry over such sweet words but Sherlock was so...So elated, so thankful, so disbelieving that anyone could see him and think those things. His lips moved to speak but no words left them. What could he even say in response to that?
Okay, so the reason why I used the Carl Powers case and reversed it because I feel like, if Sherlock got the police to listen to him he would have never become a Consulting Detective, and since Scotland Yard listened to him in this fic, he never became the only Consulting Detective in the world.
“I must go back to the manor, John. Come with me or stay, I do not mind. Either way, this is something of the highest importance.”
Sebastian gulped, “It is horrid of me to wish such a thing on a person, but he is bad, and he has to die.”
John shook his head, “Again, this is for you to decide after you take us to Sherlock. If there is any good in you left you will do this.”
They made it to the Holmes’ Manor quickly, Sherlock had not let the driver’s efficiency go unrewarded, providing a generous tip in gratitude. Mrs. Hudson was already standing outside of the grand doors, desperately awaiting Sherlock’s presence, the mere sight of his face. He prepared himself for the hugs and the kisses that she was no doubt ready to thrust upon him. To his surprise (and dismay) she pressed kisses to his cheeks and put on the warmest and widest smile of which she could muster.
They had been in the carriage for what felt like an eternity to Sherlock. There was no sign of Baker Street yet so he waited in agony for them reach the building. John, on the other hand, spent his time staring out of the window. There was not much to see besides the occasional house, or a vendor selling a trinket or tonic - anything to earn a meal. He did not speak a word to Sherlock and only did so whenever Sherlock seemed to be sulking or melancholic. The coachman hit a bump, which caused Sherlock to slide over to John, making him intrude in John’s space. The other man only laughed, Sherlock blushed, uttered a brief, “Pardon me,” and returned to his corner of the carriage. He tried not to react to John slowly moving toward him and placing a gloved hand on top of his.
Sherlock closed the journal and put it inside the desk. He picked up his plate that once held a meager sandwich - evidence of his effort to prevent another bout of dreadful bedrest. The plate with the other soiled dishes, he left his floor of the flat and ascended up the stairs. He opened the door slowly, as if he might rouse the body lying in front of him. Sherlock managed to retrieve a cot for the body to lie on, something Mycroft kept for the rare occasions somebody other than Sherlock was to travel with him there. Sherlock’s full inventory of medical instruments was another gift from Mycroft. One of his connections, a man who was a doctor that retired ten years prior and was giving away his medical tools and Mycroft acquired them just for Sherlock.
He did not want to trouble Sherlock. Now that Sherlock thought on it, John rarely asked Sherlock for anything, not even for a change in food. Sherlock had to deduce that John would rather eat a slice of toast than sausage and eggs. He was quiet, Sherlock had assumed earlier on that it was simply because John was still new to the world, but maybe that was not it. Maybe John simply found pleasure in keeping to himself. Sherlock was fine with that.
The letter. He saw his coat draped over the back of the chair at the desk.. He had to read it, despite the late hour. John would not be disturbed by his absence in the bed, the rest of the house was asleep. He had to know what Mycroft wrote to him in those fleeting moments of his existence. How very like Mycroft, to continue to puzzle Sherlock even after death. He rose from the bed with stealthy movements, bending down to place a kiss to John’s smooth forehead, and then walked over to the desk, taking the letter from the coat pocket. It had been forever since he had sat in this chair. He lit a candle using the box of matches he kept in his drawer. Once he was able to see, he fished the letter out of his pocket, and with a deep breath, opened it.
Sherlock could not go through with this alone. He needed John to be there with him. He grabbed both of John’s hands and stared directly into his steely eyes.
“It has been raining for quite some time.” Sherlock muttered as he ate a piece of egg. He wanted to vomit.
Albert replied, “I’m not quite sure what I did to prove a worthy companion that evening, however, I am quite glad.”
“You were unexpected since your parents only planned on having the one. Your coming into the world was not as laborious as your brother’s. You were so tiny, so...fragile. Your mum worried that she would break you.” She paused and chuckled under her breath. “But how she loved you, Sherlock. She would refuse to leave you alone, even only for a moment. She moved your crib to her room because the thought of being away from her precious babe brought her great distress.”
He had done the one thing that he sought to prevent. All the time he spent running so that he did not hurt John anymore than he already had. He broke John’s heart, he was just too polite to tell Sherlock that he had done it. Sherlock closed the journal and placed it down on the table. He pressed his hands to his face. Why was he such a failure? Why did Mycroft waste his youth caring for his useless brother?
He was getting through to John. Sherlock saw the way his feet moved as if he were about to walk over to Sherlock. Sherlock crossed his arms and smirked.
There were sniffles amongst the women that hid their faces behind black veils. Sherlock wondered if those tears were true. He tucked his hat underneath his arm and made slow strides to the casket. He placed his hand on the top and gave a small smile, pulling the flower from his coat pocket - a white lily. He did not normally partake in religious practices but for Mycroft he would make the exception just this once. He placed it on the coffin before the men were able to lower it beyond his reach. His lips twisted into a bitter smile as he whispered, “Farewell, Mycroft.”
Sherlock was not imagining it, John’s cheeks were in fact crimson. He could scarcely believe it. John was blushing. What for? Sherlock had only wiped the excess food from his mouth, he had no reason to be bashful. Yet again, wasn’t Sherlock also the fool for stumbling upon himself whenever John was in the vicinity? John did not know what he was feeling, he had probably blushed at every item in the flat already, Sherlock concluded. He had the mindset of a child so had every right to be shy when Sherlock cleaned him up. Did John blush when Sherlock bathed him that first night? Did John grin like an idiot whenever Sherlock stalked about the flat?
Sherlock was ever the fool. He did it again. He broke Mycroft’s heart twice-over. It was Mycroft who saved him from the streets when he nearly overdosed in some dilapidated remnant of a house. There were no tears this time, no pity or remorse. There was only his brother’s cold gaze, and even colder demeanor. He instructed Mrs. Hudson to watch over Sherlock and nothing more. To Sherlock, no time had ever been so lonely than the months where his brother refused to speak to him. They did not hurt together, as he had promised him, but he knew he’d broken the promise first.
Sherlock scoffed. “So she thought to shield it from me forever? This is the last thing that my brother wrote, and to me no less. I am no longer a child, John, I have no need for her constant mothering.”
Sherlock spent the rest of the day working on the body. He finished attaching the head and frowned as he realized that he would have to dress his friend with high collars and scarves so that no one would remark upon his scars. All he had left was to finish was the innards of the body and his work would be complete at last. He did not retire for sleep until four in the morning, Sherlock barely made it to the bed, instantly falling asleep to dream of pleasant things , such as meeting his new friend in the morning.
Anderson’s eyes lit with fury as he recounted the moments after the assault. Curse that blond man, he thought.
She seemed satisfied with that answer and removed her hand from his face. It took him a while to move, he did not want to say goodbye to her because he knew that once he left the manor, their relationship would most probably never be the same again. She still cared for him, surely. She must or she would not have remained in the manor for so long if she did not love him anymore.
John surprised him yet again, Sherlock did not know that John had grasped the English language so quickly. Had John spent his time simply watching, or did he lie to Sherlock and only wanted a reason to have him around? The latter seemed more probable, and it made Sherlock smile to think about such a thing.
“I am in your company, Sherlock. I doubt that I will ever descend so far into boredom with you nearby.”
“John, thank the heavens for John.” She smiled and Sherlock felt the tension in his body bubble away.
Sherlock only chuckled and walked over to the coat rack so that he could remove his jacket. John joined him at the rack and grabbed the jacket from behind to help Sherlock take it off.
John and Thomas looked at him. He stepped out from behind John and puffed his chest . John blushed, he learned that by seeing John trying to seduce Sherlock. Sebastian’s hands were clenched and he had a look in his face that John had never seen before. God he looked intimidating - was this what Moriarty was trying to turn him into?
John pressed his hands together and looked away from Sherlock. He was embarrassed. In a matter of moments, Sherlock made his way over to his companion and placed both hands upon his shoulders.
John had an opinion on the matter; Sherlock saw the way his eyes darted up towards his own and then back to his wrist as quickly as they met his. Sherlock cocked his head.
That was but only a few of the dozens of names that he suggested for his friend. Still the search was fruitless. Sherlock wanted to find a name for him, to spend every moment of the day finding excuses just to say it. He could hardly contain himself. He took a deep breath, and looked through The Bible for more.
“Oh, God, John. I ca-cannot hold on much longer,” Sherlock had the mind to warn, breath hot against John’s ear.
“Any enemy of yours is an enemy of mine, Sherlock! Do not be daft, do not  dare be selfish now, not after all we have been through. We will face Moriarty together, and if we must, we will die together.” John’s tone was gravelly and he was now holding Sherlock’s face in his warm hands. His own was expression was hardened, but his eyes held the anger, the love, the compassion, that Sherlock desperately sought.
Lestrade mused this over before responding. “Do you know what? He talked to Donovan and Anderson. I had them detained here after the mishap in front of your flat. They went on for a while before he left. Haven’t seen him since, but those two continue to grace the Yard with their presence.”
Sherlock left, drenched and cold, empty. He entered 221 and went directly to his bedroom, stripping himself of his clothes and climbing under the sheets. The exhaustion that filled him was of a different breed entirely - a beckoning to a black void where absolutely nothing awaited him. Sherlock accepted the invitation wholeheartedly. He could think of nothing worse than waking in the morning to the dread of his existence. He would sleep for hours, days, years, and waste away until there was nothing left of him to offer a world he never belonged in. Sherlock shut his eyes and he was asleep.
“I am...quite alright.” Sherlock’s voice wavered as he replied. His facade was weak, he was sure that John saw through him. He had to distract him, to focus his attention elsewhere.
Without warning, John moved up and pressed his lips against Sherlock’s own. The shorter man had rose a little from his spot on the floor, whereas Sherlock never moved. He had paused under the touch of John’s lips for just a moment as every reason not to continue berated his mind. He threw his inhibitions to the wind and kissed back. Sherlock had practically melted. He leaned forward with his entire body, his hands going to John’s broad shoulders as the the other man held his waist. There was the insistent thought to stop immediately, to tell John that this was forbidden and that what he sought would be unobtainable. To be with Sherlock was a death sentence but for a second Sherlock believed the price of death was worth the passion they were now sharing. John furthered the kiss, tongue probing at Sherlock’s lips until he parted them to allow John inside.
“It cannot be…” Sherlock muttered. The man spun around at the sound of Sherlock’s voice. Sherlock could not make out the details of his face, but he was sure that it wasn’t his creation. His creation had never moved, never taken a breath, he did not work and Sherlock dragged him out of the house because he could not bear to look his failure in the eyes. This was nothing more than a burglar, Sherlock continued to tell himself.
“How did that feel?” John asked with a tone of arousal. He was pleased with himself. Sherlock loved every moment of it, but he could not help but berate himself for letting it happen. To love John was illegal, Sherlock could not bear it if the people of England branded John a freak as well. He loved John too much to bear witness to his being outcasted by people who barely knew him. God how he loved him so.
His companion looked lost. Sherlock rested a hand on his shoulder and leaned forward. Both of their faces were reflected in the water.
Maybe it would not be so bad to pay Mrs. Hudson a visit more often. Perhaps once a month? He would have to discuss this further with John, for now, he would have breakfast. He walked over to John and with the utmost care, placed two kisses on his lips and cheek, as well as a stroke of his hair. He paused once John began to stir, and when John opened his eyes, Sherlock mentally berated himself for rousing his companion.
“No! I have done something terribly foolish and now you are cross with me and we shall never see Sherlock again. I am wrong, John. I am all wrong.” Sebastian’s eyes watered and John immediately began to stroke his hand to soothe him.
For so long Sherlock had tried to keep his desires under lock and key. Even when the perfect opportunity with the perfect man had established itself, Moriarty kept him from realizing his dreams. Now, free to really be with John in every sense without those restraints, Sherlock was hesitant. No part of his life had come without their trials and along the way, many people had come to hate him. Despite John proving himself a steady support as a friend and lover through all these months, that dark part of Sherlock’s mind would not quiet. You will ruin this. Do not be greedy. It’s only a matter of time.
John moved to gather more water in his palm so he could wash the soap from Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock was waiting for John’s response, an agreement or...or words that would certainly end him.
Thomas’ eyes widened. Cheekbones, eye color - Sally’s description was brief but she managed to tell him enough to bring a person instantly to mind. Sherlock did appear to be sporting a few bruises on his face. Was he the one they so viciously attacked?
John sat him down on the armchair in their living area and walked away. After finally being left alone, Sherlock decided to remove his coat and set it on top of the battered box that he was too ashamed to look at. He had only wanted to do something nice for John but he couldn’t even do that much. He pressed a finger to his lip and removed it. The skin had torn open, his finger coming away with blood. He did not want to see what he looked like, his face hurt, his ribs hurt, everything hurt. The only good thing to come out of it was the arrest of the two who initiated it. When he was younger, he had not been so lucky. The hardest part was creating a different lie each time. Mycroft knew, he always did. The way Sherlock’s head hung when his older brother approached him, the fact that Sherlock had always made it his mission to wear long-sleeved shirts to hide the bruises, the way he cried in his room every night as if Mycroft could not hear.
He could barely contain his smile as the memory flooded his mind. Mycroft had always believed in him, even when he did not believe in himself. He set the sheet down and fished through the box. He pulled out a collar, clearly belonging to a pet that they never had. Mycroft intended to take in the stray dog that Sherlock loved so dearly. The lame Irish Setter that was always found in the yard, playing with him. Sherlock named the dog Redbeard, and no matter how many times Sherlock was punished by Mrs. Hudson for playing with the canine, Sherlock had never listened. Then Mycroft presented the collar to him, black and decorated with small diamonds, but Redbeard had died. Put down by a man who suspected him of being rabid. Sherlock had witnessed the whole ordeal. He cried and he kicked and he shouted for Redbeard to wake up, for the evil man to be put in prison, to be put down himself.
Sherlock’s finger slid down and landed on the picture of the ocean, vast and calm, though darkened due to the quality of the picture. John squinted but gave his answer.
Sherlock nodded and she scurried off, leaving him alone. He found his way to the sitting room and took his seat right in front of the fire. Mycroft would have been in here already, reading a book, or helping himself to a cup of tea. He would have given Sherlock a look of disgust at the current sight of him, and tell him how improper it was to trail mud and rainwater into the house. Sherlock would not have listened, of course, but now he would sacrifice a great deal to hear Mycroft scold him once more.
“I understand that this may be a troubling time for you, but please, I would like to know more about this brother, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock repeated the sentence like a chant but he could not bring himself to believe it. He had only been with John for a short number of weeks but he could not bare the thought of being without John already. He could not go a day without admiring the features on John’s body which he so painstakingly pieced together. He loved it when they woke up on the floor together, heads touching, and the fire dying in front of them. He looked forward to teaching John a new word, or showing him a new book, or even listening to him read. Tears made their way down his cheeks.He apologized to Mycroft, he apologized to himself, but he knew now, he understood, why he held such affection and admiration towards John.
Sherlock laughed as he watched John’s face soften. He loved the feeling of John’s hand slowly gliding against his cheek.
“You realize that your health would improve greatly if you would only take better care of yourself, yes?”
There was no response. Sherlock scrutinized the cut that had formed when he threw the glass. He felt a stream of guilt wash over him. He had not meant to cause his creation pain, no matter how much had been inflicted on him. Sherlock grabbed the man’s hand and lifted it up so that it rested on Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock found a laugh creeping its way out when he witnessed the other’s reaction.
“Was this all a ploy of Moriarty’s to keep me....no, of course not. It was Sherlock’s doing was it not?”
How could two people who had never been intimate even claim to be lovers? All the times John had wanted to progress to that stage with Sherlock was met with the man succumbing to bashfulness, insecurity, and self-hatred. Part of him, although he was loathe to admit, was glad that they have never gotten that far. How would John have reacted once he noticed the stark contrast between Sherlock’s smooth skin, and his own scarred flesh? And how would Sherlock recover from the loss of an intimacy he’d been craving for nearly all his life? He was an idiot for not thinking this through back at the manor, when John was only an idea.
John had not spoken a word to Sherlock since they left that godforsaken bathhouse, He hadn’t even uttered a syllable to him. Now privy to his true nature, his unnatural birth, he knew he was not a human like he’d thought and now he would never regain that illusion again. How long had he stared at the scars and sutures in the mirror and assumed that everyone else looked the same? He had never seen Sherlock naked, not even partially, how would he know what was normal and what wasn’t? Especially when the man he loved was the most peculiar man in all of London. It was fitting, Sherlock thought, that he was now accompanied by another in the world who was considered an abomination and how fitting it was that Sherlock should love the other odd man in London. All the time he prayed that John would not be branded with the label of an outsider, that he would be able to live a normal life with him. Why did he fool himself into thinking that he didn’t harm all the people around him? That he would not ruin John’s life irreparably and that John would not come away without a smidge of hatred for his creator, for his lover.
John did not know what true fear was and he had nothing to be scared of while Sherlock was around. That was, as long as Sherlock did not do anything foolish. He could not help but think about John’s face the moment their hands touched. The way his eyes traveled to their hands, that moment when he pushed his fingers in between the spaces of Sherlock’s own. That small but warm smile that he wore. To Sherlock, John looked the picture of happiness in that brief moment. He sighed; he did not want to ruin John in the same way that he ruined his brother.
“You are beautiful, Sherlock.” He breathed. He kissed Sherlock’s cheeks and then watched as the man rose from the bed, gathered the plates and left the room. John lifted up the covers and got comfortable while Sherlock returned their dinner plates. When he did come back, Sherlock smirked and crossed his arms. “Are we ready for bed now, Mr. Watson?”
Sherlock’s eyes remained fixed on him as John led him away. Once they were in their room, and John obtained the bandages, Sherlock began talking to him in a hushed tone.
“What would you have me say? Would you care to hear every sordid detail of how you came to be? It does not matter anymore, John! You are here now, and you are with me, and I with you.”
He choked on a sob that still let out a sound despite his efforts, and before he knew it, John was already holding him close and whispering, “It’ll be alright”, “You’ll be okay” which made his ability to withhold his tears become even more difficult. He did it, though. He didn’t how, but he did not cry, he did not sob. He was able to calm down, and all the bad thoughts in his mind gave way to John. A smiling John, a sweet John, a guardian John, a kind John, a John who was the love of his life.
John smiled and nodded, lying back on the couch. He heard Sherlock open the door and rose from his spot in a last minute decision. Once Sherlock entered his room, John followed right behind him. He closed the door, causing Sherlock to turn around.
Kissing John was one of Sherlock’s favourite things to do but this felt different. This was not a quick trade of ‘I love yous’ through a passing press of lips. This was raw emotion, translated through warmth, through touch, through the need for more. Up until this point, Sherlock had been terrified to seek more with John but that trust he had needed, seemed finally fulfilled. John would take care of him, would be aware of him, and would not let him fall.
“...I must go...I need...no, I require some time to myself. I promise you, John, that I will explain everything to you once I return. For now, do not bear me any ill will.”
Shifting must have brought him into contact with that sweet spot inside Sherlock because the man was suddenly moaning louder. His blunt nails dug into the skin of John’s shoulder blades but John did not care. If anything, those sharp points of pain kept him from unravelling faster because there was a tightness in his gut that threatened to spill over. He knew once he gave in to that urge to let go, this would be finished.
Sherlock nearly faltered at the attempt. He could not leave this undone, Moriarty summoned him and he must answer. With a deep and shaky breath, he turned around and began his journey to the Reichenbach Falls.
Sherlock smirked. Heroes did not exist, but if they did, John would be one of them. As John finished tending to Sherlock’s face. He placed the rag on the tray and gave a smile of reassurance to Sherlock.
“I can do nothing about it. We will have to get by with the hope that I will not run into anymore skirmishes during our time outside.”
He set the papers down and shifted his attention to the lid that covered his breakfast. He lifted it up to see that there were only beans and toast. No tea. Sherlock took his seat and ate his food. It tasted better than the previous time he tried to eat it, but it was not much of an improvement. He was pleased when he took his last bite, Mrs. Hudson’s wrath safely evaded. He pushed the tray aside and made a few more edits on his notes. He wanted to make sure that everything was correct because he was Sherlock Holmes, and he rarely made mistakes.
John stepped to the side away from the window and ran over to Sherlock’s side, together they backed away from the table and watched as the lightning struck and the storm raged on.
The man quirked his lips up, clearly mimicking Sherlock’s smile, and telling Sherlock that he did like the name. Sherlock nodded and closed the book.
“John, you know I am a man who does not deserve such attentions. You may think of me as remarkable now but you have seen little of this world.”
Sorry for the slow updates. School has begun again and I am drowning in AP work, as well as other extra curricular. Not to mention that my beta, the lovely Chanolay, is a very busy woman!
“My appetite has left me,” He gently pushed the plate away and rose from his seat. “My apologies for wasting such a lovely meal. I am sure you went through great pains to make it. I shall retire to my bedroom now.”
Four of the men that attended started to lower the casket. Sherlock noticed that one of the men, the oldest out of the four, had reddened eyes indicative of crying. That made him feel better, know he was not the only one who mourned Mycroft’s loss.
“Thank you…” Was all John muttered. Sherlock thought it best if he set off now and leave John alone. He went to his room and returned with his coat. He stopped in front of the door and turned to John, who was now seated in front of his treasured fire.
Sherlock’s lips tightened and John fought the urge to embrace Sherlock once he saw the brunet’s pout.
Letting out a sigh, John laid down on the floor, a feeling of nostalgia surging through him as his head made contact with the cold wood.
“He’s something of a wallflower. Sir Mycroft used to bring him along to gatherings and balls and such, but all he did was sit and watch. He does say rather disconcerting things, I can only imagine that Sir Mycroft was simply embarrassed of him and so stopped bringing him all together. I’ve had the misfortune of meeting him on one occasion.”
John crossed his arms, mindful of the fact that he was holding baked goods. “You have forgiven him then?”
John only kissed his wet lips and ushered him to the world of sleep. When he awoke in the morning, John was sprawled out on a makeshift bed beside Sherlock’s own. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and stared at his treasured companion with a sad smile. He told John the dangers of being caught in public days ago and John had kissed him in response. He wondered how long John stayed with him until he finally retired himself. Sherlock had rarely seen John sleep before, but from the few times he had witnessed him in the throes of slumber, it had always made Sherlock feel as if he deserved it. He did. He deserved everything for being so unwaveringly attentive and caring.
John swallowed, he looked at fire and then back at Sherlock. Sherlock shook his head and knelt down to be at level with the fire.
John turned his attention to the waiting man and slowly moved to grab the hand. His body tensed once their hands began to move. Sherlock let out a slight gasp. It was indeed a handshake. Was he attempting peace with John?
“That day I had asked about those noises coming from your room. I know that you’ve spent many a night weeping alone in there. I only wished that I could comfort you in those moments, but what could I offer you? I know nothing of your struggles, and I did not want to intrude. What can I do, Sherlock, to help you?
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over the third shelf as he latched onto a ridiculous idea, honing in on the assorted books written to satiate its readers intrigued by science, as Sherlock was. He had the means, both the knowledge and the monetary. Would he dare to do it? Would he attempt to recreate his brother? He shook his head and sighed.
His response was followed by another bout of silence between the two. John was the first to finish, as usual, because Sherlock would toy with his food before eating it. He figured that he should teach John table manners when the time came for their next meal, or for the day where John would meet other people. Sherlock scoffed, he had no other friends save John, and Sherlock had no one else for John to meet. There was Thomas, but Sherlock had not wished to keep in contact with the man, and his mind had not changed since their meeting in the chapel. His mental state had become better, though he was not healed completely, but with John around he was stable and seeing Thomas would bring all of those awful memories back. The ones filled with the cold rain, the sniggers and whispers, and the sight of Mycroft’s coffin being lowered into the earth. No, he was not ready to face them and he doubted if he ever would be.
“Leave me be!” He was in no shape to fight, he was exhausted and he knew that he looked far from threatening.
Sherlock did not recall ever finishing the short story, he didn’t remember falling asleep on the floor with John. What he did remember was waking up the next morning. There was no sun, as it was covered by the clouds. His limbs ached, and the fire was out, the wood left. The book was flipped over so that the pages were smothered by the chilled wood that had been his bed for the night. He stretched and sat up, John was sprawled across the floor adjacent from Sherlock. Sherlock smiled and ran a hand through John’s hair. So soft, he thought, how perfect he was. He stood up and walked into the kitchen. He did not have the level of culinary prowess as Mrs. Hudson but he was able to cook eggs and beans on toast with exceptional skill. He made a plate for John as well.
Sherlock only swallowed and turned to face the body that still did not move. With slow and careful steps he walked over to it.
“And tell me, what do you know of normal? You know nothing! He harassed me,” He spoke with a harshness in his tone that set both John and Sherlock on edge, “The taunts, the beatings, he was a nasty boy who deserved his fate. He laughed at me for being Irish, so I stopped his laughing.”
Sebastian looked terrified, “But John will worry! I cannot lie to him, Sherlock. It is unthinkable…”
Sherlock wished that he could answer that question, he truly did. He could tell John that it was because he was used to being alone, that he was used to doing everything by himself. He had Mrs. Hudson, but she was only his maternal figure. She wasn’t his friend; she wasn’t the person he ran to when he needed help. Sherlock had never had that before John. Mycroft had only helped Sherlock when he could not help himself, such as all of the times that he had carried his little brother home from those disgusting dens that were inhabited by the other drug addicts and criminals of London’s Underworld. Other than that, it was Sherlock who was left alone with his thoughts, with his tears, with his loneliness. He only placed his hand on John’s round cheek and smirked.
John spoke this time. “The body does not make a man, sir Thomas, it is the heart. And do not tell me that you have none, you were good friends with Sherlock’s brother, how could you turn on him so effortlessly for a psychopath?”
“I would be ashamed if they were to be jailed for any other reason, other than being belligerent arseholes that is.”
He moved to the other side of the body and started to attach the right arm. Sherlock was slower this time, he thought that if he was gentle enough, the sutures would not be so messy. Every so often, Sherlock would halt his work and stare at the face that would soon belong to his only friend. He removed one hand from underneath the half-finished arm and reached up to stroke the creature’s face. He figured talking to a man who was not awake was better than keeping his thoughts to himself so he confesses quietly to feeling lonely at Baker Street. With one last stroke, he resumed stitching, done with the arm down moments later.
Sally crossed her arms, expression incredulous, why would she trust him? Sherlock didn’t know how to prove it to her, but he would get her to speak regardless. Perhaps that simpleton Anderson would tell him of things that she would not.
“Do not fret, Sebastian. Sherlock is reckless at times, yes, but he is a survivor and we will see him again.” John smiled at the thought of Sherlock, his Sherlock being the hero. He had to believe his own words. The possibility that Sherlock would perish and be gone from their lives was too outrageous to imagine. Sherlock was an integral part of his life that he would never be able to live without. Such a loss, John knew, would kill him. They pulled away but John made sure to hold Sebastian’s hand. What Sebastian said scared John too, but they couldn’t fall apart now. Not until they arrived.
Sherlock smiled and moved over so that John could fit on the seat with him. They both settled into the seat and lowered the paper so that any passerby would not be able to see the two holding hands. Sherlock so desperately wanted to kiss John, at least on the cheek, if he truly could manage to reach his lips without attracting attention. He found his eyes slowly lingering away from the small print on the paper and to the face of John Watson. He knew that John could feel his eyes on him, how long till he would acknowledge them?
Sherlock felt his eyes become watery at the soft utterance of John’s words. What had he done to deserve a man as kind and wonderful as John?
When he returned, he opened the door to find John, just as he expected, sitting at the table with two plates of food and reading the paper. When their eyes met, Sherlock was waiting for John to be cross with him. But there was something about John that prevented him from being angry at Sherlock unless he truly had done something wrong. John smiled and set his paper down.
John’s smile widened at the sound of Sherlock’s voice. He was across from him and Sherlock was able to see everything on John - All the bruises, the dried blood, the rope burns. Sherlock grimaced at the wounds John sported.
Moriarty sneered. “In an asylum they care little for the inmates. You are a lunatic, no matter if you are able to speak coherently, or intelligent enough to not take the medication. I spent years aching to be free of the place, hoping that they would have mercy on a child.”
John nodded and said, “We even decided on spending the night, just to make sure that Sebastian will settle in nicely. He’ll set a bed up in our room for the night, so you need not make up a guest room.”
To that, Sherlock laughed. Surely John knew how hilarious he was. They continued their walk down the street, until they were stopped by a man clad in black. The stranger smiled at the sight of Sherlock, which confused the man and set John into a defensive stance. The last time Sherlock was stopped, it did not end well, but this time John was here to defend him.
The body he had assembled with such delicacy now he treated as if it were meaningless. Sherlock was grunting with his own exertion as he tugged the body down the steps, falling against the walls more than once as his feet missed the stairs, all the while the sound of thunder filled the narrow stairwell, amplified. By the time he reached the entrance of 221, Sherlock was breathless and bruised. He threw the front door open to the harsh roar of the rain as it came down in slants to instantly wet his person. He pulled the body through the door and dragged it across the cobblestone street to an alley. The downpour meant no sane person was on out on the streets but being seen was the last thing on Sherlock’s mind. With a final push of strength he heaved the body around, letting go to see it hit the wall and slump down against the ground. He felt compelled to laugh when he observed that the creature was still intact but when he felt a sob rise to his throat he locked his jaw and adopted a countenance he would uphold for the rest of his life.
A dead man now and there was no grief among the dead. Perhaps, if he were alive still, the elder brother would no doubt hole himself in his study and blame himself for his younger sibling’s tragic demise. How the staff at the manor would try to lure him out, perhaps with the promise of pastries, or a reminder that he still had things to do, but none of them would succeed in their attempts. Would he waste away? Would he become the empty shell of himself, same as he did without the illness? Sherlock concluded that he would surely die of heartbreak.
Sherlock looked distant, as if he were back in that time watching his brother slowly wither to nothing.
Sherlock sucked in a breath. The man would not dare. He already thought that Lestrade had found out, and it nearly drove him mad. If Moriarty truly did something so cruel as that, he would send Sherlock to a fate worse than death.
“What a fool I am! The body! Body parts are needed to create a human. How can I even acquire such items?”
He stayed in the bath for an hour before he decided that it was time to get out. His fingers and toes had pruned, and Mrs. Hudson had always made it a point when he was a child to say that whenever that happened, he was to get out immediately. He drained the water, dried himself off, and put on his nightwear. He exited the bathroom to find John laid out on the couch, dozing off. He smiled and walked over to his companion, drawing his fingers through short blond locks.
“Oh Mycroft, this pain, I cannot tolerate it any longer! I am so utterly and bitterly alone and I long to be freed from the state! I will do it, I shall take on the task.”
Sherlock was thankful for the short break he took stargazing. He rubbed his eyes, made his way back to his desk, and work began anew. He scarcely noticed the stars and the moon make way for the sun. He was nearly done by dawn, his sketch was complete, and his notes only needed a few modifications. He laughed to himself, ignoring the half crazed note to it. He was really going to do it - create his vitruvian man. He entertained himself with the idea that Leonardo was no doubt rolling in his grave, spewing curses and insults in Italian while Sherlock toiled away.
John had just left the dining room, he finished after Sherlock, but went ahead to get dressed. It was just Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock left. She already cleaned up the plates and the cups, exited the kitchen, and was wiping her hands on her apron.
She knew the place and seemed satisfied with the knowledge. Mrs. Hudson walked out of the room, closing the door behind her. Sherlock decided to have a quick nap, he would need the energy for tonight. Before he could drift off into slumber, he eyed his desk again, and then his picture of Mycroft. He slept easier that morning.
“All of this. Does it not bring you discomfort to draw up notes, to design a body for another male? Do you not see any fault with this?”
John pressed a kiss to the curls and then settled in so that he could hopefully get at least an hour or two of sleep. He was careful while he rested to listen to Sherlock as he slept. This way, if he were to break into a coughing fit or get sick again, John would be able to help rather than sit back and watch. They’d been resting for close to an hour and so far Sherlock had not been assaulted by another coughing fit. John took this as him really being asleep.
They took off running. With the both of them being superhuman, they were much faster than Sherlock could ever be, as well as having a considerable amount of stamina so they would not tire as fast. As the falls came closer, John picked up even more speed and forgot about Sebastian. He needed to get to Sherlock, he needed him to be okay.
John shook his head. “No, I have been reliably informed that he, accompanied by Sir Thomas, is no longer at their place of residence. Mind you Sebastian still requires practice with his manner of speech….” John’s face darkened.
“Sherlock,” John swallowed hard and he sniffed harshly, “I would prefer to not engage in such disruptive activity in a public area. I would like for you to respect my wishes.”
Moriarty smirked devilishly and closer to Sherlock’s face. “Declaring your homosexual inclinations to an asylum would prove to be sufficient, I believe you will agree?”
Sherlock hoped that John would not see through his lie. Not as Mycroft had always done in his childhood.
In his hands was one of the metal trays from the top floor, covered with rags, bandages, and antiseptic. Sherlock was mildly surprised to see John with the supplies.
She twiddled her thumbs together, unsure of how to answer this. Sherlock did not need her answer to understand the context behind the inquiry. She was there the night Mycroft struck him, she knew about the boy from the cafe, the way Sherlock fell for his smile. She knew….she knew...she knew…
He cried in his room to protect John from his gross displays of emotion but he failed. Sherlock would wake in the morning feeling as if he had not slept in years, and he tried to remove the crusty trails of what were his tears from his face. On those mornings he would crave the substance that Mycroft detested, but when he saw John’s smiling face, he thought that he would be able to get through the day. He was always right.
Sherlock’s hand flew to his mouth, so that he could bite into the sandwich that rested in his hand. He shook his head and gave a sheepish smile.  John grinned and took another bite of his.
John could only chuckle, shaking his head and rubbing circles into Sherlock’s thigh. “Don’t be. That was amazing. You were amazing. I love you, Sherlock.”
John looked like he so desperately wanted to say something but he could not find the words. Sherlock took a seat on the edge of the bed and waited patiently for John’s response. It took him nearly five minutes to finally ask.
Days after the incident, Sherlock had made an effort to refrain from touching John in such intimate ways. He hoped that John did not think his care was lost for him, that simply not being true. Sherlock cared for him so much that he did not want John to suffer for his selfishness.
When he awoke in the morning, he found John staring at him with the warmest of smiles on his face. He reached over and moved some of the dark curls that covered Sherlock’s forehead and let out a sigh.
He took a bite of the toast. It tasted foreign, as if he had forgotten the sensation of it against his tongue. It didn’t lift his spirits. In fact, it nearly hurt to swallow it. He had to take a long sip of tea in order to wash away the crisp bread that clung uncomfortably to the back of his throat. It was after this first bite that Sherlock realized eating would be just as painful as waking up in the morning. Mrs. Hudson hummed to herself as she flung open the curtain. There it was, the familiar dullness in his chest, in his mind. The grey that symbolized sadness, the rain that resembled the tears that he’d cried. For the first time, he didn’t mind England’s climate as much. A companion in his misery.
“Who will provide me with the warmth and protection that you had, Mycroft? Dour at times, yes, but you were hardly one to blame. To be tasked with the burden of watching over your younger, particularly unruly, brother. My heart sinks at the very thought of your loss. You should not be rotting underground. You should be here. Scolding me for improper use of the fireplace, or for not being tidy. I was not fond of the time you forcefully groomed my hair after days of my neglect but there is little I would not endure to have you do it again.
John shut the door and tried to find somewhere to retreat. His mind was racing too quick to act rationally. He merely raced around the flat attempting to find a hiding spot ideal for him. The men entered the flat and he had no choice but to fight them off. Where was Sherlock? Why did he leave? He managed to make one of them bleed, their nose gushing with crimson liquid. Clearly they were not prepared for his strength.
She scoffed. “I should not be so careless as to allow any of the girls to enter the room. I have personally seen to it that the dust does not collect.”
Aroused by the commanding tone that John put on, Sherlock raised the paper quickly. He stared at John in anticipation and a sigh, louder than he would have liked, left him when John’s lips met his own. Sherlock nearly dropped the newspaper at how needy John’s kissed seemed. He too craved affection and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to supply him with an ample amount once they were at their lodgings. Even in Switzerland they were not free to love as they wanted, but tonight Sherlock would allow himself to relax in John’s company, to get a room together, if they could. He wanted to love John in a way that he could not have since Sebastian’s departure.
He tried to stop the tears but to no avail. It was all too painful for him. He did not want to be reminded of his social status; rich he was, intelligent yes, but friends, social circles, he had none. He was to be reminded of it at all times that no one would ever care for a man like him. He was strange, he was cold, and he was a freak.
“As you wish, John. I am weary, and I shall retire now, if you do not wish to join me, you do not have to. I will, however, leave my door ajar so that you may join me, whenever that may be.”
John beamed and moved in to kiss Sherlock again, who did nothing to stop it either. He was met with disappointment as John parted earlier than he did previously. Sherlock’s hand landed on his coat, it was then he remembered the box that lay underneath it. John’s suit.
John looked unsure, like he was skeptical of Sherlock, but for now he settled with grinning and placing a hand on Sherlock’s. He feared that John saw past his pitiful excuse, he always did, but he’d rather him believe that he succumbed to his racing mind rather than take a trip to Scotland Yard to discover the truth of Moriarty’s, what he now knows to be, lie. Moriarty wouldn’t let them be, they would have to stop him before he got to them instead. This was a dangerous game that they were playing, but this was the only way to stop that psychopath. He wanted to tell John, he planned on telling him everything, but not now. He wouldn’t be able to stand it if they fought about this. For now, he would have to keep John in the dark, and he would not enjoy it for a moment.
