Castiel’s glance back at him was thoroughly unimpressed. “Naturally,” he said dryly, his tone indicating that his assessment of Dean’s intelligence wasn’t improving in the wake of their first misunderstanding. “That is what ‘full’ means, after all.”
Castiel, narrowing his eyes, laid a finger across Dean’s lips. “Knock that off. House rules,” he reminded Dean. He was far too conscientious about keeping Dean’s private life private to mention out loud Dr. Bradbury’s embargo on negative self-talk, but the message was delivered clearly. “In retrospect, our argument was actually a major red flag, and if I hadn’t been so caught off-guard by it, I might have seen more clearly just how out of character it was.”
The moment he spoke, Dean had a sudden flash of Sam asking Castiel to do his bathroom, followed by the unravelling of the lie about Castiel’s actual profession if Sam kept pressing. Dean wouldn’t put it past Gabriel to poke his nose in if he suspected Castiel was branching out on the side.
“The first time?” This part, which Dean had mentioned a little on the long ride back, was still hard for Castiel to wrap his mind around. For months, he’d had an actual audience, and he never knew. Castiel couldn’t remember all the personal information he’d spilled into the microphone, the very definition of oversharing, and maybe that was for the best. “What was I playing?”
“Creepy,” she said, sounding unimpressed. Dean noted how, even though she clung to her facade of utter boredom, not bothering to lift her head, she did turn it to one side, her eyes flicking upward curiously. When they’d run across Claire, hiding in the back of the old hardware store, it was obvious she’d been on her own for a while, holing up in whatever location she could secure. Sam’s sincere promises of a safe haven and a dependable community had only seemed to make her more suspicious, and Dean wondered if she was only now beginning to truly believe that they hadn’t been lying, drawing her out for some twisted purpose of their own.
With Dean doing the work of holding himself, Castiel was free to get his hand back around Dean’s cock, and after that it was just a chaos of sensation that he couldn’t disentangle. His legs trembled, his perspiring hands struggling to keep hold. The soft, eager noises Castiel was making as he ate Dean out, along with the slick sounds of his fist pumping mercilessly along Dean’s shaft, were creating an obscene cacophony that had him blushing all the way to his toes. Finally, with one quick movement, a finger pressed into Dean’s hole alongside Castiel’s tongue, and Dean was gone, coming hard all over his stomach and Castiel’s hand. He worked Dean through the last tremors of his orgasm before lifting his head once more, looking almost manic with desire.
“He does have his own stuff now, though, right?” Not wanting to put the dusty box onto the clean bed covers, Dean dropped it on the rug before settling onto his knees to open it and rummage through the contents. “We’re not going to have to share a tent with two more adults and a pup?”
Dean shook his head as he rose to his feet. “Don’t worry about it. I rode in with Sam today. I’m good to go along with you, babe.”
“I need to tell you something,” he finally said. “I…sort of knew who you were before you showed up yesterday. Not by name, I mean, but…”
“You will be the death of me,” Castiel stated breathlessly. He freed one hand from its confines in order to pull Dean’s mouth back to his, then moved the other hand to Dean’s balancing leg, encouraging him to lift it so that both legs could wrap around him. Eager to cooperate, Dean tried to scoot himself backward further onto the counter.
, and deciding whether he’d forgive her or punch her in the face was the least of Dean’s current concerns. Castiel had dreamed himself into Naomi’s hands, and Dean didn’t want to leave him there another minute, even if the whole thing was just a memory replaying itself in Castiel’s unconscious mind.
“I finished unpacking days ago,” Castiel muttered. “Not all of us have three wardrobes worth of outfits, you realize.” He reached for the glass handed to him and nearly drained it. Balthazar winced at the lack of appreciation for the liquor’s flavor, but he kept the bottle at the ready.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, licking his lips to ease the dryness. “No burgers,” he mumbled. “I need water, Sammy. Can I have a glass of water? Please get me some water, Sam, please.”
“Really?” Dean felt a little whiplash from the sudden change in conversational direction, but he couldn’t deny the appeal of possibly getting to keep working with Castiel.
Dean’s fists clenched at his side, and without warning there was smooth bone pressing comfortingly against the inside of his palm. Startled, he lifted his hand and saw the weapon he’d just been recalling, the sturdy handle nestled tightly in his grip. The bone felt cool against the small lacerations that had been left behind in the reservoir dream by the terrified, incoherent swirl of grace. Dean whipped his head around to stare at Castiel.
“I’m quite serious,” someone was replying over the computer’s speakers. “It’s reasonable to take the public’s feedback into consideration, I feel, and my library patrons—”
Gabriel. I’ve told you about the house, just like I tell you about all our projects. It’s procedure.”
“I’m Sam, like Dean said,” he said. “It’s okay if you need to take some time before you trust us on this. It does sound sort of crazy, I know—complete strangers showing up out of nowhere, knowing your name like this.”
Castiel still looked weirdly fragile, like a loud noise or sudden movement would either send him running or have his fists flying, and there was no way to predict which. He looked like he could definitely hold his own in a fight, and it had been obvious that he’d known how to handle that gun, but asking him to run for hours through undead-infested farmland was patently unrealistic.
“Hey, cheer up. Maybe he’ll accidentally get buried under the stacks of books, and you’ll never see him again.” Catching Castiel against his side as he sagged unsteadily, Dean wondered how much of an exaggeration that joke could really be.
“Ouch,” Balthazar said with a shudder. “That’s certainly a bit of a personality clash.” Castiel was a writer, and for as long as they’d known each other, he’d preferred to do the bulk of his work well after midnight. Frequently, Balthazar had arrived back at their shared college apartment after the clubs had closed for the night only to find Castiel was just starting to find his muse.
“Yeah, well, we don’t all strike fear in the hearts of the entire Facilities department,” Dean replied. It wasn’t even a joke; the single instance when Mrs. Tran had arrived in the morning to discover a folding table full of leftovers from a reception held the night before, there had been phone calls. He’d heard them all the way down the hall.
Castiel gritted his teeth. He glanced over his shoulder toward the children’s room and…the source of his headache.
and that would be worse. Would there even be a big “I told you so” moment, with something this massively bad? Or would the words just lurk there, unspoken but obvious, while Sam patted him on the fucking
“Oh,” Dean said, feeling a mixture of relief and embarrassment. “Yeah, I think the previous owners must have had a cat or something.”
“Think they were a wine or a grape juice church?” Sam asked, brushing some dead leaves off a pew before dropping onto it. The rain thundered onto the roof of the church, making them raise their voices in order to be heard.
“Talk to me, Sam!” hissed Kevin in a panic. It was only Kevin’s second month as a radio handler, and he lacked the calm composure that the other handlers had at least learned how to feign. “I can’t see what you’re seeing! There’s nothing on my cameras! Why are you guys just standing there frozen?”
Dean fought to open his eyes again, the effort monumental. “Claire,” he rasped, squinting at her. Turning his head, he saw that he was alone; Sam had left.
Unamused, Sam pursed his lips. “I just think we should probably avoid getting stuck in that,” he said, pointing at the sky toward the southwest, where large gray clouds were beginning to mass.
“He’ll get over it once Michael claims his vessel and takes charge. And if he doesn’t, well, you know.”
In the silence that followed, even the evil internal voice seemed stunned into stillness. Out of the corner of his eye, Dean saw, as if moving in slow motion, Castiel slowly lift his head and turn to stare at Dean with what looked like a combination of alarm, disbelief, and indignation flickering over his face. Dean couldn’t bring himself to meet his eyes fully, turning his back instead and covering his own face with one hand.
Luckily, the horses didn’t need much encouragement to flee down the road, moving toward the small hills in the west. In most other places, the hills would hardly have been considered worth recognizing as such, mere bumps in an unrelentingly flat topography. As fast as the horses galloped, they would have had to go much further than they would be able to travel to escape from view. After a handful of minutes, they were flagging and heaving for breath.
"We'll try again tomorrow," Sam suggested. "I could try going in alone, telling her we just want to run check the bunker. No matter what, it wouldn't hurt to gather up some of the stuff you know Dad left in there. She might—"
“Thanks, Charlie,” he said quietly. His throat tightened at the thought that, if they ended up going gray, she would probably keep trying to reach them long after there was no point. “Even if you can’t see us or tell us about any trouble in our path, just hearing your voice will be good.”
“Well, and then there are the trackers,” she continued. “Those are on your wrists and have separate batteries, just in case. I’ll be able to see where you are on a map, even if you can’t tell me what’s going on. That way I’ll know when you’re on your way back. And you
“All right, then I have everything here we need to proceed. Jenna?” A young blonde woman, primly silent, nodded in acknowledgment. “Jenna is our in-house notary. As soon as we have your signature in all the relevant places, she’ll make everything official. I trust you brought with you…?” Her words trailed away with a questioning lift as one corner of her mouth quirked upwards in a slight smirk.
It was rusted shut. “Goddamn it, Harry,” Dean muttered. Apparently, the inspector hadn’t even bothered to open the panel door. Who had written those rave reviews, the guy’s mom? Placing his phone on top of the box so he could use both hands, Dean pried and pulled and jiggled and swore until the door finally opened with a shower of rust flakes and a loud creak. His elation was brief, though.
In what was a decidedly mixed blessing, at least Dean was given plenty of time to rest and catch his breath during his hunt, because he kept having to duck around corners and hide behind whatever items he had at hand whenever angels passed by. There were a lot of them, too, traveling in groups or alone. Dean found himself starting to grow rather impressed by Castiel’s dreaming skills, as densely populated as this place was starting to become. Some of the angels were in human vessels, apparently coming or going from missions on Earth, while others had footfalls that sounded too loud and far, far too weird to be made by human feet. Dean would cover his ears when he felt the floors start to shake, just to be on the safe side and avoid having his eardrums burst again if one of those guys decided to have a nice chat in their true voice. None of the angels had that blurry, indistinct quality that a lot of the background people in human dreams tended to have.
“We can deal with these later,” she finished, turning to address the rest of the group. “Once we’ve gotten what we came for, we can think about other things, but for now, we need to push on.”
Something at the back of his brain stirred at the thought, pulling gently at his attention, but when he tried to put his finger on whatever it was, the thought flitted away and out of reach.
“God, yes! Go tell Rowena,” Ruby said over her shoulder to Meg. “She’s going to flip when she finds out.”
“Surprise,” Dean sang lightly, enjoying the way Castiel’s face lit up even more. “Soon your flowers will bring all the bees to the yard.”
“Sam could finally get his own dog,” Dean chuckled. “Now, we’ll have to get your sister’s approval this time, since I’m not a complete moron, but I’m thinking maybe a dozen of us? There’s about a half-dozen Runners I trust who I’m pretty sure would be down, plus another half-dozen soldiers of Naomi’s choosing from off-site. Not so many that we’ll be noticed, but enough to hold our own long enough to make a break for it if we have to.”
“No, but Linda’s sick.” Before Dean could feel mortified at his callousness, Castiel added, “Not corona, just bad allergies or something. Her doctor isn’t concerned, but she’s miserable and definitely not up to going on camera for storytimes.”
“I heard you pulling in, and I thought you could use a hand,” Castiel said with a wink and a grin. “And I swear, I was not making a hand joke there, or at least not intentionally.”
“He rarely does,” said the man, sighing and rolling his eyes. “I believe he thinks it’s funnier this way, so long as it’s not about a serious matter that might hurt either the company or the client.”
“I’m okay, baby,” he tried to reply, but his tongue felt thick in his mouth and he was pretty sure the words were slurred at best. “Tired,” he attempted again. “Mommy’s coming soon.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes in sudden thought. “What did you tell Sam about me? I should have asked earlier. I only know that he doesn’t think I’m a contractor, and apparently not a jockey, either.”
“This is…” he said, sort of dumbfounded as he pulled out a plastic tub of “ChASSis Wipes,” patterned after a pop-up dispenser for disposable shop rags. “I’m weirdly sort of impressed, Cas.”
Castiel looked at him oddly, but he took the box and shook it gently. “Something small,” he guessed. “Probably not a sex toy, though I’d no longer swear to that. Gift card?”
“You gave us order, Castiel, and we gave you our trust,” said Hannah.  “Don't lose it over one man.”  Then she handed the angel blade to Castiel.  “This is justice.”
“Dean.  I love you, I wanted you to know that.  I’m safe, and Kelly will have the baby soon.  I’ll contact you after.  I miss our time together.”
Castiel backed away to a respectful distance.  He could still hear the brothers with his angel hearing, but it was far enough away to be appropriate from a human perspective.  (Castiel was proud that he now understood these things.)
Dean had wrapped his legs around Castiel while they were making out, but the angel gently urged his legs up higher.  He lightly brushed his palms across Dean’s ass, resituating him, and Dean felt the familiar tingling of grace – an angelic sort of prep.  He felt minutely less nervous.
Dean had seriously intended to give Castiel his space, but the truth was that he was quickly realizing that he was the only non-coupled person remaining in the room.  T.L. Laurant himself caught Dean’s eye and gave him a look that Dean recognized as meaning “I’m worried that you’re not having fun at my party… where’s your significant other?”
Cas seemed distant as well.  Dean thought things were going good between them, but as June turned into July, Castiel’s interactions with Dean became somehow more evasive, more closeted.
Castiel abandoned this plan altogether and pulled him forward by the lapels.  Dean ended up sitting on Castiel’s lap, the angel’s chair creaking under the weight.  Castiel mouthed up his neck, and Dean threw his head back, allowing himself tiny thrusts helplessly against Castiel’s stomach.  It had been
“Castiel, my primary role is as a guardian.  I guard the gardens of Heaven.  If I die, the power of Heaven will significantly diminish.  So, I must never become overly involved in the conflicts of Earth.”
“Think of it like a piece of twine that goes from my grace to your soul,” Castiel said.  “Our love strengthens it, but it is truly nothing more than a connection.”
“Guys, this thing’s gotta go,” he told Sam and Castiel when he found them in the kitchen.  He looked down at the Mark on his arm.
Castiel met his eyes as if looking up from a daydream, and Dean realized he had caught the angel staring at him.  “I should think so,” said Castiel.  “I walked in on Crowley with four hookers once in the one in his room.”
This time it was lazy, and he pumped both of them, relishing in the heat of Castiel’s body around him, the fact that there was no time limit on this.  Sam wouldn’t be back for at least another 20 minutes, which (compared to the amount of time they had to do to this in Purgatory) seemed like hours.
“Dean, there’s more,” Castiel said hurriedly.  “Didn’t you say Sam was healed by an angel named Ezekiel?”
friends, though Dean considered himself above such labels – they weren’t the sort of friends that called each other to “hang out.”
it had happened.  Wally was dead, and the four survivors – Dean, Sam, Mary, and Castiel – had regrouped in a barn down the street from the demon’s home.  They had only minutes, Dean was sure, before Ramiel followed them there.
Finally, Castiel learned that Kelly had been spotted with a demon with yellow eyes – presumably Dagon.  He was on his way to tell Dean at the bunker when an angel named Kelvin sought him out for a discussion.
Dean swore loudly.  He was all in favor of Sam leaving the bunker for the night, but he kind of wished he hadn’t taken Baby.
“Cas,” Dean replied, voice low.  His breath mingled with Castiel’s, and they moved together in the space of Dean’s hand.  “We should’ve done this ages ago…”
Instead, Dean learned quickly to use these times where Benny was off having sex to take care of his own sexual needs.  A side effect of palling around with a vampire was that Dean was well aware that Benny could smell every little detail about him, from when he’d last masturbated to what and when he’d last eaten.  Benny never said anything, however.  When one of them needed private time, they would tell the other to “give me a few minutes,” do their business, then return and act like they didn’t know exactly what was going on.
Dean went after Doctor Mahoney, who was busy robbing a bank, while Sam and Castiel addressed Fred, held captive in a van outside the bank.  It was lucky, for once, that Castiel was present.  He was able to insert himself and Sam into Fred’s mind, a haze of cartoons.
But this was real, no longer a dream.  He didn’t want to kill Dean.  Naomi was screaming in his head.  And Castiel was advancing on Dean.  He no longer had control of his vessel…
for him to care about what he said at that exact moment.  The consequences would come later, and he could keep his erection away from Dean, and he could explain it all away later, just as long as he could have one more damn minute of
By the end of October, Castiel had fully recovered his grace, but Dean noticed that he still didn’t seem to have any desire to leave the bunker.  “Do you think it’s weird?” Dean asked Sam a few days before Halloween during a routine trip to the supermarket.  “Every time I ask him if he wants to go with me to the store or something, he opts out and says he’s busy researching.”
During Castiel’s absence, Dean and Sam met up with their computer-hacking hunter friend Charlie, who had managed to track down a very scary spell-book called the Book of the Damned.  The Book of the Damned was created out of the skin of an ancient witch, and was completely in code.  If they managed to decode it, it had a counter-spell to the Mark of Cain, which Crowley had told Dean was a curse.
Even when Castiel went MIA when he was possessed by Lucifer, it had been less than a month before Dean had found out what had really happened.
“I am,” Castiel said.  “I've been so lost.  I'm not lost anymore.  And I know now that this child must be born with all of his power.”
“You ever miss it?” Kelvin asked.  “Upstairs?  I mean, don't get me wrong.  I love Earth.  It's quirky.  It smells like hay.  But it's not home, is it?”
Metatron appeared suddenly.  “Well played, Castiel.  Obviously, you and Gadreel managed to turn a few dead enders against me.”
Castiel grinned around Dean’s cock, his blue eyes boring into Dean’s.  He massaged the spot again, and again, adding another finger that felt better than Dean could’ve expected.  It was good, too good, but it wasn’t supposed to happen like this!
Castiel had known he was strong, but the strength of Cain surprised even him.  It had progressed too far… Dean was gone now, leaving only the crazed look of a murderer and the Mark shining on his arm.
He definitely wasn’t getting this across correctly.  “Cas, you’ve got to understand.  I’m not a cheater.  I’m
“Oh!” said Dean, his eyes widening as he began to grasp the gravity of the gift.  “Thanks, Cas!  I’ll keep it safe, I’ll-…”
It was as though seeing Castiel again had awakened something inside of him.  He found himself wondering what anal sex would be like.  Twice he had dreams of being inside Castiel that left him frustrated and unsatisfied until he took himself in hand.
Until after Purgatory, he hadn’t sorted out any of these thoughts.  Purgatory had been all about instincts, and if Castiel or Dean had an instinct to stare, or to sit or lay down together for comfort, it didn’t matter, because there was no one to judge.
Dean’s hand hit something warm, and then Castiel scrambled backward, wearing his usual “dressed-down” gear that involved pants, socks, and a white dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up.
Castiel groaned and began riding Dean’s cock in earnest, his bouncing speeding up to meet their normal rhythm as Dean’s pumps on his cock slowed down just slightly.  Castiel leaned down to kiss Dean, but the angle was wrong and so he gave it up, content for now to simply pant and stare wide-eyed at Dean from above.
Then one day in March, Cas just… disappeared.  He called in early March with a lead about Kelly, informing Dean and Sam that she last been seen with Dagon.  During that phone call he sounded…
In terms of friendship, Castiel was the closest thing that he had to a real friend, which he valued far more than he would ever be willing to discuss.  Cas was just that, however; a friend.
Not only had Sam lied, but he had pulled both Cas and Charlie into helping him decode the book so that they could use its dark magic to get rid of the Mark.  But the Stynes caught up with Charlie, for real this time.
Castiel felt the power of the tablet flow through him.  Abruptly, Naomi’s control over him shattered.  He returned back to his own mind, fully conscious and full of rage.
Castiel closed his eyes and took a breath.  His voice was quiet as he answered softly, “You must know, Dean.”
“Contraire, Rodent,” said Crowley.  “It’s a couple’s party, and the host is gay.  You won’t be the only ones.  Plus you certainly look the part.  C’mon, Moose, you can hitch a ride back to the hotel with me, just this once.”  He waved his fingers at Dean.  “Bye-bye!” and he disappeared.
Dean sucked in a breath as Castiel’s hand rolled over his erection again, more insistent this time.  It wasn’t as though they were having sex, Dean reasoned through a fog of arousal.  Hell, he still had his pants on, even.  If Castiel wanted to jerk him off under the table well… yeah, that would be fucking
“Wow, this Benjamin seems like he's pretty cool, you know,” said Dean.  ”Like he wouldn't make any half-cocked, knee-jerk choices.”  He knew he was being a dick, but he couldn’t help it; Castiel’s words had touched on a raw nerve.
They found the man causing all of the chaos, an elderly man by the name of Fred Jones.  He was a psychokinetic, but his mind was gone.
He let out an undignified sound of surprise as Dean attempted to pull him toward the passenger seat by his lapels.  When Castiel didn’t move with him, he abandoned ship and moved all the way forward into Castiel’s space, fastening his lips to Castiel’s in a bruising kiss.  Lightning shot down Castiel’s spine, and he followed his lips and reached out with his arms before he realized what had happened.
Dean positioned the mattress at the far end of the dungeon.  Then he gently manipulated Castiel’s chains so that if the angel reached, he could lay down on the side of the bed closest to him, but not be able to reach the other side.  Finally, Dean bundled under his own blanket and fell asleep almost immediately.
He missed Castiel almost as much as he missed Sam.  He had had two months, now, to remember every touch, every drawn-out look between the two of them…
Over the following hour, Mary Winchester expressed her pride and love for Dean and her happiness that she had gotten to know him in “the living world”.  She begged him to forgive Jack; she admitted that though she’d been happy for the additional years she’d had with him and Sam, she had never truly felt like she belonged.
spells might also need to be an exception, at least until Sam or Rowena or someone can come and set me straight.
“No, you're not,” the other angel said.  “They still hold a lot of grudges up there.  But what if I told you, you could come back?  That all your sins could be forgotten?  Forgiven?”
Dean looked down, avoiding the question.  “Look, I’ve got to do anything I can to get him back.  Now, if that means that we keep our distance from you for a little while, then... Then I don't have a choice.  I don't feel good about it, but I don't have a choice.  It's great to have your help, Cas.  Okay, but we just can't work together.”
,” said T.L. Laurent.  “It’s not like Viagra.  It will simply calm you down a bit, and should make you all the more keen to cherish your partner in the ways they should be cherished.”
Unfortunately, the opposite seemed to be the case.  Castiel moved closer to Dean almost unconsciously and gave him a wistful look before looking away quickly.
Dean was never sure whether or not he was joking.  Some monsters were more human-friendly than others, after all.  Ghouls, for example, were known to eat only dead things, while dragons mainly preferred virgins.  Dean continued to refuse all offers, however, because he simply didn’t trust monsters, except possibly for Benny.
Sam, who had been heading for the door to the garage, doubled back, checking his watch.  He seemed to decide that he had more than enough time, because he didn’t even throw a bitch face.  If anything, he seemed relieved to have something to do to fill the time until his scheduled date.
Castiel stood in front of Kelly, resolute now.  Joshua was gone, and it was only the Winchesters.  He would
Just as they began to introduce the knife, Dean felt, to his surprise, a hand roll over his crotch.  He was instantly aroused, and he looked in shock toward Castiel, who was sending him a wide smile.
Sam laughed, a real laugh, with his head thrown back and carefree.  “I wouldn’t worry about that, Dean,” he said.  “When we asked them to make sure, the doctor said it was… pretty obvious.”
Dean turned back to Castiel with alarm, but the angel stalled him with a hand to his chest and a reassuring look.  “It’s nothing you can fix, Dean.  I’m an angel.  We aren’t meant to be grounded at all, much less grounded in one place.”
“Clothes,” Dean said, and suddenly they were off, and his arms were full of Castiel, naked and warm and glorious.
At that point, and with Sam’s prodding, and Garth’s blessing, Dean had agreed to take the boy in.  Little Cas would go to school in Lawrence, and he could accompany Dean on hunts so long as it worked around his school schedule.  The hunting was slower than ever, Miracle had died recently, and Dean was more than ready for a new challenge.  Sam had another reason for pushing this arrangement, though his brother would never admit it – Dean was over 50 now, and beginning to get creaky.  Dean knew that Little Cas provided him as much protection on hunts as he provided the boy.
Dean’s eyes were hooded, and his lips were red from kissing.  Castiel’s heart swelled, and though he hadn’t thought it was possible, he realized that he was actually even harder.
“He was pathetic as a human,” Castiel said defensively.  “Besides, what would we have done with him?  He’s not like Crowley, he needs food and water to stay alive.  You can’t just leave him in the dungeon and hope he’s still okay when we get back from traveling.
Dean tried to sit up to help Castiel along in the process, but Castiel swallowed him down again and he fell back to the bed, moaning unabashedly.  His fingers curled into the back of Castiel’s hair in an attempt to tug him off, though his cock chased Castiel’s mouth when he pulled back just slightly.  “Cas, c’mon!”
“Humans ruin everything good in the world, and you more than most.  You know that, don’t you?”  The Devil’s voice was soft, snakelike.  “Every day, he becomes more
It never failed to surprise Dean that, as an angel, Castiel appeared able to prep himself at a moment’s notice for this type of sex.  They had never required more than a minimal amount of lube, as Castiel could adjust his… vessel?... as needed.  And still, Dean checked each time as though somehow it would be different.
Sam laughed.  “Cas, nothing we do is normal,” he said.  “I’m just saying your fight was more about the Mark than about Dean’s feelings for you, or… whatever.”  He looked away uncomfortably.
“I am not ‘fucking with you,’” Castiel said exasperatedly, and Dean could almost hear the air quotes.  “Where are you?”
It felt as though Castiel was regaining consciousness, but in actuality he was simply returning to the correct frame of mind.  Thoughts of Dean and sex and desire slowly dulled and were replaced by more relevant concerns, the most urgent of which were “Father, what have I done?” and “What happened to the Staff of Moses?”
Five minutes later, Dean laid on his back, sprawled haphazardly over the bed in a pair of boxers, feeling sated and happy.  Castiel laid on his back with his legs crossed.  He had made more of an effort to recover from the amazing sex they’d just had – his hair was neat and his slacks, socks, and undershirt were on, though he had foregone his trench coat and suit.  Though most people saw Castiel as unaffected, the small smile on his face told Dean that the angel was feeling every bit as satisfied and sated as he was.
“Tell you what?” Dean’s brother said. He sounded as though he was still frowning. Or, rather, as though Castiel was imagining him still frowning. Were they the same thing?
Later that night, Castiel had Dean laid out on his stomach on the bed so that he could gently apply the prescribed ointment to Dean’s thigh before rewrapping it. Dean closed his eyes, distracting himself from the process. It didn’t hurt much anymore, per se, but it definitely felt strange, and he didn’t like thinking about it. “Still feel dumb,” he mumbled into his arm. “I’m not supposed to think like that, but I should have known better. I had just told Amelia the day before, when we were at the lake, about how you’re so not the overprotective type. Then I went and assumed the exact opposite, when all you were trying to do was express legit concerns.”
“You know what would be really sweet in here?” Gabriel said. “A heated floor. Step out from that shower onto nice warm tiles instead of freezing ones? That’s the kind of little touch that makes all the difference, especially when you’re entertaining company.” Another suggestive wink accompanied the recommendation, leaving no room for doubt over what sort of company he was implying.
He flopped an arm blindly behind his back, expecting to find Castiel, whose natural state was night owl and who had taken to an alarm clock free existence like a duck to water. Instead, Dean found an empty space and sheets that were cool to the touch.
“Hey there, Cas.” Dr. Charlie Bradbury looked and sounded far too young for her role as the Coordinator of Social Services for Extramundane Youth, but only those who believed the form she wore was her true one were actually fooled. “Heard you needed some backup? Wow, good thing I brought some extra booster seats with me.” Reaching deep into the colorful tote bag that hung from her shoulder, Charlie extracted a handful of wrapped candies. “Hey, kids! Who likes chocolate?”
The altercation cut off abruptly, and the ensuing silence felt thick with tension. The seconds ticked by, marked by the cheap but reliable watch on Dean’s wrist that was part of every Runner’s mandatory equipment. He drummed his fingers against his bicep restlessly, his arms tightly folded across his chest. There was still sweat and dirt on his clothes, since he’d come straight from the maintenance shop after dropping off the fuel cans, skipping the shower and required post-run recovery stretches and physical checks. He could already hear the lecture he’d get about proper decorum and its effect on morale, but it didn’t matter.
The battle at the doorway had blessedly pulled the attention of most of the zombies, so the hallways they took were now much more empty. Sam and Dean switched to using machetes instead of guns, hoping not to waste their good fortune. Reaching the stairwell, they wasted no time waiting for their eyes to readjust to the darkness, instead using the rails and counting the steps out loud as they ran as fast as they could.
“Stop apologizing,” Castiel said, dropping a kiss on the small of Dean’s back. “You stop castigating yourself over how you thought and behaved when you were delirious with fever, and I’ll make sure to remind myself, for any future illnesses of yours, that you hate the idea of being coddled.”
“Oh, for the love of…” Bobby groaned. “Just perfect. That’s what we needed more of around here, teenage drama and moodiness. I was supposed to be retired by now, not that anybody cares. These are my damn golden years.”
“Well, aren’t you a tease after all,” he drawled with a wink as he leaned back again on the crate. “What if I had wanted to use some of these boards to whip up a quick spanking bench or something?”
“So,” Castiel said, leaning against the counter with his arms folded across his chest and a wry expression twisting his lips. “Is there something we need to discuss, sweetie?”
“Cut him off,” somebody shouted. “Or else gimme some of whatever he has.” Hoots and cackling followed the joke, and Dean whistled his agreement, feeling the whiskey warming his veins pleasantly. The man who’d shared the rumor scowled, face dark red. He glanced around at his hecklers, eyes landing on Dean.
One big downside of the fall of most major civilizations was a great big gaping service gap that had developed in the field of weather reporting. “Just a little rain,” Dean protested weakly. He really didn’t want to waste time sitting around in some barn when they’d already come so far.
Really, Dean should definitely have known something was wrong when the whole inspection was over and done in twenty minutes.
The three of them were just making their way up out of the creek bed where it was crossed by a country road overpass that was too short to go under on horseback when they heard the ominous sounds of groaning. It was echoing a bit, making it difficult to immediately pinpoint the location of the source, but Castiel could make a pretty strong guess that the large farm a little way down the road was the best bet. It was too loud, way too loud, to be one of the tiny groups of straggler zoms that tended to show up around these patches of farmland, apparently as unsociable in death as they had been in life.
“No offense, but you’re not a bloodhound,” the ranger said, shaking his head. “You said yourself, there’s ground to cover, and even if it’s not the whole mountain, it’s still further than what you’re going to be able to scent without being right up on them.”
Getting the team out of the lab had actually gone more smoothly than their own self-extraction. Nobody had to die, for one; the only injury was his own, and it was his own carelessness that had caused it, tripping over a decapitated zombie and falling against a jaggedly broken window. The laceration on his bicep wasn’t huge, and it might not even need stitches, but Castiel looked about ready to award him a Purple Heart over it.
Ruby was scooting out the door before he finished his threat. Meg smiled at him as she made her way into the hallway more slowly. It was a far less cheeky smile, though, than the one she’d been wearing earlier. “You do know we’re actually happy for you, right? We tease, but we do it from a place of love. Or something. Don’t let it go to your head.”
“Sir?” she asked. Her brow furrowed, but she held herself in restraint, hands fisted at the small of her back like she was standing in front of her CO instead of her own father. Castiel felt a scream building in his throat.
“Depends on how many stitches and how many needles. I wasn’t kidding about hating them, so you better be prepared to hold me down. But for real, tell your brother whatever you like,” Dean said with a shrug. “I’ve sort of given up trying to estimate any of this anymore. The final bill’s going to be insane, but I’ve come to terms with that. It’ll all be worth it in the end.”
“Not a soul for miles, man. Who’d be stupid enough to be playing music loud enough for anyone to hear around here, anyway?” Dean scanned the surroundings all the same, seeing only scraggly trees and brush. The singer continued to croon in his ear as Dean clambered up the creek bank and paused to try tapping the transmitter attached to his belt.
"I should remove you from your position as Runner, Mister Winchester!" she stormed, glaring at Dean. "How
Sam was already heading for the door. “No point in delaying the inevitable,” he said over his shoulder. “But whoever this guy is, he better be grateful when we get there.”
Dean leaned against a wall and scowled at the ceiling. They were back to this again. “Sam, I’m a mechanical engineer.”
who didn’t say anything to anyone about how crappy I was feeling until I was laid out on the ground. Claire had to tell me I had a fever before I considered it myself.”
A lanky soldier with three stripes on his uniform shoulder sneered, making the hackles rise on Dean’s neck. “Don’t bother looking for anything useful,” he said with derision. “This wasn’t a training facility for the enlisted men. Skeet shooting, trap shooting, just for the entertainment of the families on base. Those rifles are basically toys.”
“Thinking a Runner’s first job is to run,” Dean answered. Without waiting, he shoved open the door and took off toward the noise, Sam right on his heels. Meg rolled her eyes, muttering about “damn idiots” as she followed. Castiel heard the soldier protesting, but he didn’t hesitate before chasing after the Runners, weapon in hand. He had no intention of dying here, but if he had to go, it would be by Dean’s side.
Dean picked up Castiel’s hand in his, running his fingers over the knuckles. He didn’t seem to know what to say, which was fine; there wasn’t anything that could be said that would make this any better.
“How many, er, manties were featured in such a large crate? It seems quite a lot of effort and expense for a prank.”
Before Sam could reply, Castiel arrived, with a hand plopped on Gabriel’s shoulder. It was clearly a gesture intended to restrain, though anyone looking on would have seen nothing but a friendly display of brotherly camaraderie. “There you are,” he said. “I see you’ve met Sam. Sam, this is my brother, Gabriel.”
Castiel retaliated by nudging him with an elbow to his ribs, which would have been more effective if either of them had any strength left. “Good thing you won’t have any roommates here, or else we really should have considered sound absorption features for this room. Then again, your neighbors might appreciate it if we went ahead and soundproofed the whole house. Have you always been so loud in bed, or am I special?”
“Just be as fast as you can,” Charlie said. “And hope it’s obvious. I mean, it’s so flat around here, signals don’t have much trouble going long distance. That’s good for survival, but not so great for pinpointing things that are far away. Like, ‘west’ can be a little vague, you know?”
Well, okay, then. Dean wasn’t about to disobey, especially when the instruction was framed like an undeniable command. Before he could give conscious thought to it, Dean was rocking backward on the crate, raising his legs in front of him. In short order, Castiel had his jeans and boxers jerked to his ankles and then off, taking his shoes with them. Then Castiel paused, standing over him and studying him in a predatory manner.
“Rescue?” Castiel repeated. His knees were aching a little from where he’d fallen, and his throat was beginning to feel sore from the way he’d been gasping for air. His shirt was still wet with perspiration from the yoga, and it was beginning to feel chilly against his skin. If he was dead or dying, and his brain was helping him escape from the agony, would he be feeling all these smaller, mildly irritating sensations with such realistic accuracy?
It was over in minutes. It felt like hours. In the aftermath, they stood panting, eyes wide as they looked around the room, looking at each other to reassure themselves that there had been no more casualties. They avoided looking at Campbell, though Dean made note that someone had managed to give him a bullet, too, preempting any reanimations.
” Bobby retorted. “I love the goat cheese, even if it does smell like old socks. And as soon as we manage to get a good enough size herd out of the group, I’m going to love the hell out of some goat stew. But the goats themselves are the stinkiest, orneriest bunch of stubborn cusses I’ve ever seen.”
“Mr. Novak, we are doing our best in this situation,” the tight-voiced woman was saying on the other end of the phone line. She sounded disgruntled, as though his stubborn refusal to quietly accept responsibility for this madness was an unreasonable imposition on her, personally. “It’s the unfortunate reality that cases like these are fairly common, and our resources are stretched—”
For the record, there's going to be a LOT of musical references sprinkled throughout this one. Full playlist is
Sam was practically shooting heart-eyes across the table at Castiel, and if it weren’t for the fact that Dean knew his brother’s biggest turn-on had to do with seeing the people around him find happiness, he might have suspected that Sam was developing his own little crush. But no, Sam was just in love with Dean being in love, which sounded way creepier than it really was when his brain phrased it like that. Probably, anyway. And who said anything about love in the first place? Not Dean, certainly. Jesus, the mental gymnastics were getting exhausting, and they’d barely had the chance to place their dinner orders.
“You can’t say that!” This time both of the major’s eyebrows shot upward as Dean came close to shouting. “All due respect, Major, I just listened to the guy almost break down just wondering if his best friend Alfie might have somehow survived, over in Africa. He has no idea about anything, and it’s torture! Just listening to him sing this song, about no caramel corn in the Congo but how he’s eating candy in Alfie’s honor…he might be safe, Major, but he’s going to
Sam broke off as a horrible thought struck him. Looking down at Dean, seeing the trembling that continued to make his brother’s limbs shake, Sam had to force himself to ask the question that he feared would only confirm what he didn’t want to believe. “Is Dean trying to pull Lucifer out of Cas again? Wherever he is? If he’s ‘sort of dreaming,’ like you said, is there a chance he could be caught up in the outskirts of Cas’s dream, tricked into thinking it’s really happening again?” He could just imagine it: both Dean and Castiel caught up in nightmares while the Entity stood over both of them laughing. There would be no Lucifer to expel this time, and the two of them could potentially stay trapped in that struggle forever, with no possible resolution.
“Right there with you,” Dean grumbled. “Should have put on more of this yesterday, after we got back from the lake.” That overlooked detail had paid him back with a dozen nagging bites across his arms and legs. One bad spot on the back of his right thigh had actually kept him awake with the burning and itching.
“I think,” the little fairy said, balancing on one foot and then the other, “maybe it was two-one-one.”
“Nah, not at all,” Jimmy said reassuringly. “It’s a clear path, not too steep or too hard to follow. Little princess will be able to handle it just fine. Possibly too well, actually. She likes to run ahead, which means somebody has to chase after her. With four of us, though, it shouldn’t be a problem.” Castiel and Dean exchanged dubious looks, but the message passed between them silently: there was no point in voicing skepticism.
“You’re unconcerned about electrical fires.” Castiel’s gravelly voice was deadpan, his blue eyes unblinking.
“Dean, wait,” Castiel interrupted, quickly stepping toward him and placing a hand on his shoulder. He firmly turned Dean to face him, taking his injured hand in his own. “Let me see, did you hurt it again? You were supposed to be resting it.”
“Resting her soul, yes.” Rolling her eyes as though he was being deliberately obtuse, Mrs. Tran handed him his phone and headed for the door. “You must be relieved that all that renovation work is finally finished. Now you can just relax and enjoy your new home. I expect an invitation to the housewarming.”
“Oh, no. No, he thinks he’s a real funny guy,” Dean said, voice dripping with sarcasm. “In fact, he sent me a little gift in return. Big giant box on my porch this afternoon, completely covered in big, bright letters telling the whole damn
“Naomi,” he replied. Then he tipped his head in a show of consideration. “Or should I be calling you ‘Major’? I’m not sure what protocol is here, you see. Am I your long-lost brother, or are we keeping this to some sort of formal acquaintanceship? I only ask because it seemed rather strange that my arrival here doesn’t seem to have even warranted a courier message from you, which isn’t exactly indicative of familial closeness.”
for you,” Sam said, grinning so widely it was starting to unnerve Dean. To avoid having to come up with a reply, he bit a large chunk out of a breadstick and took his time chewing.
He wanted to kick himself for even switching it on in the first place. How could he not have realized that he might be heard by people whose attention he
Dean snickered. “Yeah, sorry. But, God, we had fun back then, right?” He wasn’t quite fast enough to duck the swat Sam aimed at the back of his head.
Dean was both overjoyed to see Cas again, and also disappointed.  On the one hand, he was always happy to see Castiel.  On the other hand, he had hoped Castiel would stay out of trouble.  He had already begun to think of Castiel as someone he could visit from time to time on his way across the US.  It was almost… almost like someone to come home to, except that he wasn’t living in Dean’s home.
In Purgatory, Castiel had abandoned Dean because he once again had taken everything on himself.  Dean had had to spend months looking for the angel before he could leave.  Even then the angel hadn’t trusted him enough to leave with him.
Dean put his head in his hands and sighed.  Finally he said, “I prayed before I slept with the waitress, Sammy.”
He wished he hadn’t said that to Sam, and he hoped Sam hadn’t said anything to Cas.  (He would rather eat his own eyeballs then ask.)  Either way, he had a feeling that Castiel had been able to guess.  Castiel knew more about him than he knew about himself, including the fact that when he was left to his own devices he definitely tended to be promiscuous.  Maybe that was why Castiel had said the thing about the “female in the car.”  In the end, Castiel’s involvement with Hannah was probably his fault.
you!” Dean said.  “But it’s so friggin’ complicated sometimes!  I mean, normally when you – when you
But then Joshua’s mouth opened, and for a second time was frozen.  Joshua looked like a grotesque statue… and then, with no warning, he exploded.
Dean wished more than anything in the world that he didn’t have to make Cas leave.  The look Castiel gave him was pure hurt.
Dean was feeling impatient, but had no other choice.  Castiel’s efforts to reassured him shoved at the panic, but his heart still beat quickly and he stared at Castiel accusingly.
.  He wanted to feel Castiel around him, in his bed.  He wanted to know that the two people he cared about most, Castiel and Sam, were whole and solid and under one roof with him in the bunker.
Castiel looked at Sam, then seemed to realize that Dean was okay with having this discussion in front of his brother.  “Mandy has worked a double shift, but she has the evening off tomorrow.  She’s amenable to three-way sexual intercourse so long as we – and I’m fairly certain she meant
Castiel shifted uncomfortably, and Dean threw him an annoyed look.  There was really no reason for the angel to be sitting closer to the amalgamation that was Justin and Tyler than to him.  T.L. had been correct – he was definitely turned on, and it was taking all of his concentration not to reach out to the angel.  Still, he was a far cry from attempting to make out with him.  It wasn’t like the ballroom was full of people suddenly spurred on to orgies.
“Yeah, and you were living the life, you know?” Dean deflected.  “Early retirement, working your way up the Gas N’ Sip ladder?”
, Cas, do you realize how much this room costs?”  He tossed his jacket aside onto the sea of white that was the bed, then relaxed on it at ease.  It felt heavenly
“I think that would be for the best,” said Castiel.  “I’ll help out with jobs when I can, and research.  I’ll earn my keep.”
“Kevin's blood is on my hands, and that ain't ever getting clean,” Dean was protesting in the face of Sam’s anger.  “I'll burn for that.  I will.  But I'll find Gadreel.  And I will end that son of a bitch.  But I'll do it alone.”
Dean did call Sam, however, to check in.  “It’s good here, Dean,” Sam said.  He sounded tired and a little pissed off, but otherwise good.  “Crowley bit me, the limey prick,” he added.  “But other than that, I’m good.  It’s been quiet.  You do what you’ve gotta do, man.”
He had been trying to make it seem as if he didn’t care about the answer, but he could tell Castiel wasn’t fooled.
In Purgatory, Dean had seemed more comfortable touching him more often, and vice versa.  This had made Castiel very happy, and he cherished their time together in Purgatory, though he had never felt comfortable admitting it.  He was sure that Dean’s behavior in Purgatory had been more about Dean’s need for human contact, human interaction, than about love, but Castiel had reveled in it just the same.  When Dean had left – that had been his true penance.
Castiel screamed, “No!” and grabbed Kelly.  He felt, before he saw, that Dagon had taken Joshua’s place.
Castiel recognized this for what it was, and he once again placed his hand on Dean’s arm.  When he removed it, the handprint was once again visible on Dean’s skin.
“Dean, I can fix that,” Castiel said guiltily, reaching across the table to do his best.  In fact, he doubted he had enough grace to fix them completely, but he could at least lessen the pain some.
Dean thought things were going well.  Sure, Cas was running around doing “angel duty” stuff, and Rosemary’s baby was in the wind.  But, all things considered, their relationship was going well, there was no threat of an imminent Apocalypse, and quite a few of the people he loved were alive.
Castiel was still suspiciously absent from Dean’s life, but Dean did finally get to meet the hated angel Naomi.  She even helped him with the second trial.  “See,” she told the brothers before flying away.  “I told you you could trust me.”
Castiel cleared his throat.  “I, um, I noticed you look... kind of uncomfortable whenever Sam mentions my leaving.  Doesn't he know that you told me to leave?”
If he was being honest with himself, Castiel had felt something when he had felt the baby kick, as well.  Something had tried to connect with him, something not altogether
Castiel understood, now, that Dean had become addicted to the First Blade.  It wasn’t long after that that he went completely off the rails.  Once Metatron was dealt with, Castiel could figure out a way to cure Dean of the curse before he died; Metatron had to come first, though.
Castiel rolled his eyes, but raised his hand and caused the small amount of water already collected in the bottom of the jacuzzi to more than triple.
He was killing demons, and searching for the angel tablet.  If it was found by demons, it could be a threat to all angels.  The demons had told him it was in Lucifer’s crypt.
“Trying to find traces of Lucifer,” Castiel said, and just like that, the happy feeling that Dean had had all evening disappeared.
Castiel understood that, in his own way, Dean had committed himself to a relationship with him.  It was more than he ever could’ve hoped for, if he was being entirely honest, especially after his betrayal and his time as “God” five years prior.
“I’m sorry,” said Dean, because he wasn’t sure what else to say.  He felt his heart skip a beat in hope.
He explained this to Dean before Rowena performed the spell to create the bomb, though he wasn’t sure Dean believed him.  He supposed he didn’t help the situation with his own anxiety, still so uncharacteristic for an angel.
Three days later, Dean and Sam called with news – another burnt-out husk, this time the Archbishop of St. Louis.
Dean sighed, and took another long swig of his drink.  He was disappointed to realize he had emptied his glass, and poured a new glassful from the decanter on the table.
At some point, the pace changed.  Castiel slowed down, for the first time ever.  He was taking his time, moving his tongue with deft strokes.  Dean let the angel maneuver him onto the sofa, resisting the urge to force his head down.
Castiel wracked his brain for what Dean was talking about, then remembered their discussion of human courtships.
one, and I haven’t had the time to go tracking them all down so that I can figure it out.”  He frowned as he fished in the pockets of his trench coat for a key card.
Once, after a short battle and a hug that Dean felt was longer than necessary, Dean said, “I’m not gay, ya’ know.”
Dean began to pepper kisses along Castiel’s stubble, tugging on his shirt as he did so.  Castiel arched upward to give Dean better access to his neck, and Dean stopped just long enough to pull the offending article of clothing over Castiel’s head and toss it somewhere where he might (or might not) find it later.  Castiel mimicked Dean’s actions and pulled his shirt off, spreading his fingers across Dean’s bare torso when it was revealed.
Perhaps it was too late to change things, but Dean would try.  Otherwise, Castiel would be just another tragedy of the Winchesters.
There was also the matter of Jack, Lucifer’s son.  He had been born a teenager.  Sam said it was because Kelly had told him, in the womb, that the world was a dangerous place and he had to grow up fast.
Castiel knew that Sam was right, but it didn’t make it any easier.  He shot the younger Winchester a glare and retreated back to his room.
and he knew it wouldn’t be long.  He moved a hand between himself and Castiel and found Castiel’s erection, tall and proud now, and gave it a firm stroke.
“Through the front door, ya moron,” said Crowley.  “That’s the beauty of my plan.  It’s completely above board, until tomorrow when they realize that the credit card I just gave you is a fraud.”
Castiel shuffled his feet nervously.  “I’ve been tracking Kelly, the, uh… the woman carrying the nephilim.”
Dean put his hand on Castiel’s, steadying him.  “We’ll find him, Cas.  This time we’ll finish him, for good.”
Honestly, this made things even worse.  As his anger left him, it left behind the gaping pit that had once been filled by Castiel.
Dean traced his hand over Castiel’s midsection and felt his prominent bulge, achingly hard.  He brushed his hand over it and Castiel twitched, his chair leg scraping loudly across the floor.  Prisha regarded them briefly, but Dean remembered that she was blind and so could not see his friends’ slackened face and closed eyes.
Castiel took great care in healing Sam the rest of the way, and by the new year he had recovered fully from the trials and Gadreel.  New Years’ Day came and went.  Sam and Castiel drank Scotch and heard the shotguns and fireworks outside suggesting the new year, and Sam fell asleep in the lounge area in front of the tiny television.
And then, Eye of the tiger began to blast through the speakers. And Dean was into it. Doing a different dramatic fighting stance to every beat change, just like his father did all those years ago.
“Uh yeah.. You ever done it before…?” Dean seemed to be returning the smile. The thought of the awkward angel singing ‘Shake it off’ made Dean erupt into bits of laughter on the inside.
“Oh man…” Sam sighed, “I should’ve recorded that. I haven’t laughed that hard in a while.” When he saw it was Dean’s turn, a memory surfaced into the younger brother’s mind, “Dude!! You remember that drive with Dad? When the cassette player wasn’t working so we had to listen to the radio?”
Cas and Dean gave each other a look before they both strided out of the kitchen with beers and food in hand.
Jack squinted up at the lyrics before slowly going with it, “I said certified freak. Seven days a week-”
A whole pack of beers and 5 different Queen songs later, Sam goes on a beer/ pizza run while Cas explains to Jack how to read and sing at the same time. After failing a couple of his own performances due to him not knowing any of the songs playing, Dean suggests setting up the projector and projecting the lyrics.
Dean gave a tired smile, “Yeah, it was a hell of a long time ago though. Before Sam was old enough to know how to use the stove by himself.”
“The register lady at the goodwill told me it was a Karaoke machine.” He began to thrust the mic towards Sam who took the mic as though it would explode in his hands. “Apparently they’re used at parties or for bonding…..I’m hoping this will strengthen our bond.”
Jack shook his head, “No, I know many things about you. I know your history and your relations with your family.” Jack looked up shyly before adding, “It all seemed very...tragic.”
Cas and Dean dance and sang, “And the last known survivor, Stalks his prey in the night, And he's watching us all with the EYEEEEEEEEE” Dean swung his arm around Cas before the two finished,  “of the tigerrrrrrr.”
Sam was laughing ‘till his face was red which made Dean the happiest. He’d gladly look like a fool in front of anyone just to see his little brother enjoy himself. So, he continued with the dramatic poses and very boy band esque way of moving.
Jack laughed warmly, effectively shutting everyone up, “This is very fun. I’m learning new things about you.”
Dean shot a look at Sam that screamed ‘you’re actually going through with this?’ but Sam was all in as he connected his phone and searched up a random karaoke song. He wasn’t about to stick around for his younger brother's poor attempt at belting the words to a Celine Deion song so he made an excuse of getting beverages for the festivities. He hated karaoke; it wasn't like he was an angel at singing.
Speaking of angel, Castiel sat quietly at the bench table that served as the dining room table when they weren’t all huddled at the map.
He hopped back onto the table and began to dance, a quick roundhouse kick into a spin and pose, “It's the eye of the tiger, It's the thrill of the fight Rising up to the challenge of our rival!” He held his hand out to Cas to join him which Cas gladly obliged, even joining in on the dancing.
Nevertheless, the song finally ended and Jack and Cas happily hopped off the table and handed the mic to Dean.
Sam and Dean stared down at the small machine in front of them. A disco ball on top of the speaker began to blind them with flashing colors of blue and green that moved in circles together, occasionally a hint of red playing into its dance.
Cas looked like he was recalling a fond memory as he answered, “Before Gabriel had left heaven, he threw a party and introduced karaoke to us.” He gave a wave of dismission before continuing, “The music of that era was mainly orchestrated from a piano so we’d just make words up as we go.”
This all goes well until Jack decides to play a song Claire sent him. She also sent a message saying ‘don’t let them hear it until it's your turn’ with a laughing emoji. Jack shrugged and played the song right when Sam returned with the goods.
“Then let’s keep it going” Cas said as he grabbed the mic and played the first thing that was suggested…. Super freak.
Dean made a sour face before popping open a beer, “Sam’s out there playing camp counselor with Jack.” When it was clear Cas had no idea what Dean was talking about, he clarified.
“Which is why I wanted to do this Karaoke thing with you all. I wanted to create happier memories...even bring old happy memories to light.” Jack stated. “I’m very glad to be a part of this family, so I want to share a lot with you all.
Sam turned down the song he chose for his karaoke session, “You know jack, if there’s things you want to know about us, all you gotta do is ask.”
Dean was the first to jump from his seat and hit pause. Sam choked on his slice while Cas and Jack squinted and tilted their heads in confusion.
“I don’t wanna spit, I wanna gawk, I wanna gag, I wanna choke- I want you to touch that little dangly dang that swing in the back of my throat-” Cas rapped with such a seriousness Sam doubled over in laughter while Dean fumbled with the phone- extremely flustered and debating on turning it off or turning it up. Cas wasn’t exactly fond of the music choice but he saw how excited Jack was when he joined him, so he went along with it anyway.
Sam still hadn’t stopped laughing which caused Jack to have a laugh attack too. Cas simply smiled and sat while Dean chose a song.
“CAS! DEAN! GET OUT HERE AND COME PLAY KARAOKE WITH US.” Sam yelled from on top of the mapping table, Jack giggled from his seat.
Dean didn’t want to hit the play button, but the puppy dog look on Cas’s face AND Jack’s face was enough for him to swallow his second hand embarrassment and press the button. All hell broke loose though when Cas joined in, absolutely DEVOURING Megan thee stallion’s first verse. Sam and Dean couldn’t take their eyes off the pair as they both said such gross things with such a passion, Cardi B herself would tear up in pride.
Castiel even had a bit of scruff on his chin, though it was nowhere near the beard he had sported in Purgatory.  Shortly after the beast spell issue was resolved, Castiel had decided to begin taking human showers for awhile and leaving his beard scruffy to spare himself the grace he usually used to keep his vessel looking clean and shaved.  Dean added that he should also make himself at home in the bunker and not wear the trenchcoat all the time.
Sam aimed the gun at Metatron's head.  “No, no!” Metatron screamed at Castiel.  “No!  Your Grace!  I wasn't lying about that. There's still some left.  I'll take you to it.”
Sam raised his eyebrows.  Dean said aggressively, “I thought you were going to take care of that little problem?  You know, before we went to prison?”
“No, no, no,” Dean said.  “No, I gotta do this alone.”  He paused, and Castiel could tell he had more to say.  “Listen, if –
“Wow,” said Dean.  He should’ve ignored Castiel’s protests and visited him earlier.  He hadn’t realized things had gotten this bad.  “So you went from fighting heavenly battles to nuking taquitos?”
“Dean,” Castiel said calmly.  “Just look at it.  Really look at it.”  He touched Dean on the forehead, and suddenly Dean was transported back, again, to that moment in Purgatory, when he was finally free of the place.  It was the same rocky mountain, the same portal, and they were being chased by leviathans.  This time, however, Dean’s gaze zeroed in on his hand, still attached to Cas’ hand at the portal near the mountain summit.  And Cas – Cas broke Dean’s grip on his hand, and shouted, “Go!”.  And then the portal closed.
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” said Dean.  “I know, you’ve gotta find Lucifer, fix your mistakes, all that.  It’s what we do.  But… you don’t have any good leads on him, not yet.  You’d be gone already if you did.”
“The Angel Amore is gone from my vessel,” Castiel said, looking at Dean tentatively.  His breathing was heavy and his eyes were wide and hungry, and he looked debauched.  Castiel couldn’t have walked away if he tried.  Now that he and Dean were on the same page, he felt only determination.  “But I still wish to continue.”
take this crap off my arm?  But even if you do, what's it gonna cost?  ‘Cause magic like that does not come free.  It comes with a price that you pay in blood.  So thanks, but I'm good.”  Dean started to walk away.
Castiel still found his grace – mercifully, at the last possible moment – but Metatron ultimately made off with the demon tablet.
,” he had promised Castiel once in the heat of passion.  It had never occurred to him that he might live long enough to follow through on this promise.  The thought drifted to the surface, but Dean immediately forgot it as Castiel wrestled off his shirt.  They had never done that in Purgatory – never had the time.  Both men stopped to look down at the shirt, triumphant, then caught each other’s eye and began to laugh.
After that, he went to the bunker.  There, he found the member of the Styne family that he had captured earlier – the monster that had killed Charlie, flanked by a burly man (extra muscle, Dean thought) and a younger boy (a trainee, perhaps?).
Castiel pulled out a chair and sat down.  “Dean… I’m sorry I haven’t left the bunker in so long.  I’ve been afraid.  But now I’ve moved past those fears.  I need to do my part to help beat the Darkness, and there’s no reason to delay.  I helped let her evil into the world, after all.  But I’ll be back as soon as I find what I’m looking for.”
It was silent for so long that Dean thought Castiel was asleep, his face partially obscured by the darkness.  Finally Castiel said, “I thought you were angry with me.  And… I was ashamed.”
“Here's the deal,” said Dean.  He could be honest with Castiel about as much as possible, he supposed.  “When Sam was doing the trials to seal up Hell, it messed him up.  Okay?  The third one nearly killed him.  If I'd let him finish, it would have.  He's still messed up, bad.”
Castiel scooted over just slightly to make room for both Winchesters.  “I said to come alone,” said a male angel disdainfully, pouring sugar into his coffee.  Dean assumed that this was Ishim.  He was proud but quiet, the kind of quiet that comes from someone secretly waiting to stab you.  He reminded Dean of a snake.
It was over more quickly than Castiel had expected, and Castiel felt the tightening in his balls and then the overwhelming pleasure as he shot down Dean’s throat.  At some point he sagged, temporarily boneless, onto the bed behind him.
Dean didn’t really care.  He saved a few people, and hunted a few things, simply to prove to himself that he could stay sober enough to do so.
“Blue eyes, you’re not even worth the effort,” she told him.  “And no offence, but you look a bit used up. Plus, I have a job for you.”
Right now none of it mattered, not until Sam was safe.  But when Sam was safe again (as Castiel was sure he ultimately would be), what then?  Surely Mary would want to stay with Dean and Sam at the bunker for awhile and get to know her sons again.  Dean would be uncomfortable with having any sort of intimate relationship under the same roof, certainly.
He lowered his eyes to his lap again.  “Dean, there’s one other exception we need to make,” he said, and Dean’s face turned more serious in response.
Dean moved forward on the bed until their lips brushed, feather-light.  He moved back just a little and looked at Castiel, clearly a request for permission.
flinched away from his friend all night… but it was because he hadn’t wanted to be anywhere near the temptation…
yes,” he said emphatically, thrusting up into Castiel’s mouth.  They had been together long enough, now, that Dean knew Castiel’s limits.  Castiel encouraged Dean to fuck his mouth – it was one of the hottest things Castiel had ever experienced.
Castiel pulled up slowly, savoring the drag on his rim and the way Dean’s hands dug into his hips as he tried to convey his urgency.
Castiel knew something was wrong as soon as he got to the bunker.  The door had been thrown off the hinges, and nothing was in its proper place.  He ran as fast as he could to the main room, though with his angel hearing he could already hear the showdown that was occurring.
Castiel had hoped that the Winchesters would come up with some way to trap Metatron during the prisoner exchange, but this, too, didn’t go as planned.  The prisoner exchange was successful, though, in that Castiel was reunited with the brothers, though Metatron and Gadreel escaped.
“Am I?” challenged Castiel.  “Because the Dean Winchester I know would never have murdered that kid.”
to ignore the beast, but it wouldn’t be long now.  He tried to search out a quiet spot, away from the humans.  He couldn’t even remember leaving the bunker.  How had he escaped the chains?
There was silence for a second.  “Look, man.  Getting Lucifer back into the box is gonna take all three of us, maybe even all
“I'll do anything you want,” said a second voice.  “Okay, please.  You don't need to do this.  Please.”
But Dean couldn’t quite make the words come out of his mouth.  He allowed his eyes to travel up and down his angel friend slowly, then said, “You look good, man!”  He made up for his lack of words by gently moving Castiel backward toward the bed and mouthing at his new stubble.  He was pretty sure Castiel could sense his approval.
sin was all about.  Lucifer will still be here tomorrow, and he’ll still be toeing the line because, as Crowley pointed out earlier, he’s constantly surrounded by guards.  Plus, even Crowley said there was nothing else to be done today.”
Castiel bit Dean’s shoulder, sucking on the flesh in his exploration of Dean’s torso.  Dean could feel the stubble of his friend’s face against his upper arm, and he heard Castiel gasp, thrusting roughly into Dean’s hand.  Dean quickened the pace to match, and Castiel groaned deeply, his back going suddenly stiff.  Dean’s orgasm slammed into him, too, and he saw stars.  Liquid hit his stomach, and he wasn’t sure which of them was the culprit, or perhaps both.
Castiel shifted, looking uncomfortable.  “He’s not exactly a fan of you.  He specifically requested that I not bring the man bearing the Mark.”
They were cut off shortly after that because more angels arrived at the hospital where Sam was staying.  Dean yelled, “Get your ass to the bunker, alone.  You hear me?” before hanging up to meet the oncoming threat.
Dean took Sam’s horrified look as a cue to continue.  “You had it easy in Hell, little Brother.  A couple of archangels and our spoiled kid brother had
had always been there – Dean had just refused to acknowledge it.  Castiel had known all along.  He had never needed a name for their relationship, or a label, or even a commitment, because his love for Dean was so much
Sam looked incredulous.  “No, you’re bisexual, dumbass,” he said.  “And neither is Cas, for that matter.  He’s an angel, and has no technical gender beyond his vessel.”
“Flu,” responded a lady carrying crates of beer.  She wore a uniform stating she was from the “All American Beverage Company.”  “I'm Gail.”
I wanted to protect you, as well as myself, and it’s easy for an angel to invade a human’s mind.  So-…”
for Castiel), but he’d also never had fantasies about a man that were so damn… persistent.  Maybe he was
Dean grabbed a small amount of lube for good measure, coating himself.  He pushed all the way in slowly, then gave Castiel time to adjust before thrusting in earnest.  Castiel made a minor adjustment so that Dean was hitting the right spot, and let out a loud groan.
“Yeah well, that Dean's always been kind of a dick,” Dean said flippantly.  He made to leave, but Castiel stopped him once again.
Kevin’s Heaven was peaceful, and he expressed his thanks to Dean for all of the times the brothers had helped him.  He said that his mother was grateful as well, and they were in constant contact.
“Because you can do whatever you want,” Sam said, as though he was tired of hearing it.  He was sweating, too, and Dean could tell that his own shouts of pain were hurting Sam in a very emotional way.  He thought back to how upset he had been when Crowley had had to torture Gadreel, in Sam’s body, for information.  It was an emotion he was glad to be rid of.
When he got back to the bunker, Sam explained to him that Dean had confronted the Darkness while he had fought off demons, but the Darkness had somehow managed to escape.  In turn, Castiel explained what had happened with Metatron.
Dean tried to sort through his whirlwind of thoughts and feelings.  He was lonely, because Castiel had left him,
“Cas,” Dean said sharply, meeting Castiel’s eyes with a glare.  “I’m fine.  I’ve done worse to you, more than once.  Let it go.”
Crowley straightened his black suit-jacket.  “Well, I can see when I’m not ‘part of the gang,’” he said.  “Keep the suits,” he added, waving his hand.  “They’re probably both covered in angel sperm.”
The noises went on, and Dean’s annoyance grew.  He had hoped that Castiel might be uncomfortable and take the initiative to leave Dean alone for a few private minutes.
Perhaps it wouldn’t be that bad, being bonded to an angel.  The bond didn’t seem to have to affected him negatively.
Castiel drew his nails soothingly down Dean’s arm.  It was repetitive and comfortable and Dean was thinking that he might fall asleep when Castiel spoke up.  “So, was it as bad as you anticipated?”
Dean lined himself up and kissed Castiel on the mouth again, massaging his cock with his other hand.  “You sure?”
Each day Castiel appeared healthier and had more stamina.  Each day he slept less, and ate less, remarking dismally that food “tasted more and more like molecules again.”
“Gonna try something,” Castiel groaned, and that was the only warning he gave Dean before he flipped them.  Dean managed to stay inside, but only barely, and yet the new position was
Dean had hope that his feelings would change when he arrived back at the bunker.  Surely it would be a relief to return to where he felt most comfortable.  He smiled a small smile as he watched Sam lead the way underground, letting out a sigh of relief as his fingers trailed reverently across the top of the stairwell leading downward.  Castiel took up the rear, following Dean and looking put-upon.
In mid-January, the angels made a united attempt to smite the Darkness.  Castiel wasn’t allowed in Heaven and so was not a part of the initial smiting, but afterward he headed toward the blast site to attempt to see if the smiting had worked.
So, for a long time, Dean was left with not only the guilt of Castiel’s failure to successfully make it out of Purgatory, but also the guilt of leaving behind a… lover?  Really, really good friend with benefits?
Dean nodded, dropping his head momentarily, and his cheek brushed against Castiel’s.  It took all of Castiel’s willpower to keep himself from surging forward into Dean.  He couldn’t remember ever wanting anything, or anyone, so badly.
“That’s the room with the auction pieces,” said Justin, who had also noticed Dean’s movement.  “Um, are you guys okay?”
As an angel, Castiel didn’t feel things the way that humans did.  The feelings of everyday life as a human were muted.  Eating, sleeping, digestion, and other bodily functions were not necessary, and he had lived too long and was too powerful for the minor things to matter.  He felt his dedication to whatever mission he happened to be on at the time, his love (and longing) for Dean, and his guilt for his past transgressions… but that was usually it.
In addition to their usual research on ways to capture or kill Lucifer, Castiel and the Winchesters spent the night after Crowley’s visit discussing ways to get past the President’s security.  Some of their most plausible ideas depended on Crowley, which was never a good thing.  Defeated, Sam went to bed, and Dean and Castiel spent time getting reacquainted with each other’s bodies.
Please forgive me for the whole “threesomes” thing at the end of this chapter.  This, and the whole “if I’m away with no word for a month” clause, were all an effort to stick with the whole “no subtractions, only additions” thing.  It’s really hard to fit the few sexual encounters that Dean had around this relationship with Cas that I’ve created, and I’m not down with the idea that Dean cheated.  Mandy in particular was a giant bitch to write around, and I hate her.
for once.  He had no business risking his life to come help Sam, especially if he couldn’t use his grace to heal him… “Wait, no, no, no.  No, hey, that's not an option.”
“They’re having sex, Cas,” Dean said, exasperated.  As usual, his own anatomy had decided to respond.  He was turned on, and confused, and annoyed.
Castiel shut the door and joined Dean on the bed.  Dean shuffled around to awkwardly put his head in the angel’s lap.  “’Missed you,” he whispered.  After the past month and considering the effects of the Mark, Castiel was relieved to realize that he had been invited back to Dean’s room as though no time had passed.  He had been more than a little worried that Dean might have changed his mind about whatever relationship they may or may not be in, which (of course) they had yet to properly label.  Castiel had resolved himself long ago to following Dean’s lead, and was relieved to find himself, for once, on semi-stable ground.
“I feel better, yeah, um, just having a direction to move in,” said Sam.  Dark circles hung from his eyes these days, and he always seemed seconds from sleep, though it never seemed to come.
Castiel didn’t talk to him on the phone as much – that wasn’t a big deal, either.  They’d gone a day or two without talking before since they’d sort-of-kind-of gotten together in December.  Dean would’ve been able to convince himself that the Mark was making him paranoid, but his instincts said otherwise.
“Oh!” Castiel exclaimed.  He supposed this made sense.  “I didn’t know that.”  He thought for a moment.  “I… don’t have any money.”
Dean gave a frown of disappointment before arranging his face into a smile once more and holding out his hand.  Castiel grasped it, and together they walked back to Dean’s room, which had the comfortable double bed.
“Your hair looks stupid,” Dean said, glancing Sam’s direction as he looked toward the passenger side mirror.
Castiel was forced to kill Bartholomew in self-defense after the later finally captured and confronted him.  Afterward, several of Bartholomew’s followers approached Castiel and asked him to lead them in the search for and fight against Metatron, though he refused.  Malachi was killed as well, and more and more angels slowly approached Castiel and asked for advice or assistance.
“Good,” said Dean, only mildly interested.  “That green stood out like a beacon.  Damn near got us killed with that wendigo.”
“I don't sleep,” pointed out Castiel, as though Dean had forgotten.  (In Purgatory, Castiel had been underpowered, and slept when he was able, which wasn’t often.)
Three hours later, Dean was snoozing contentedly, still naked.  Castiel had once again donned his trenchcoat, but had remained sitting on Dean’s bed, his legs stretched out in front of him.  Dean had invited him into his bed, and he didn’t want to leave, despite his lack of need for sleep.
Their lips met hungrily, and Castiel turned toward Dean, pinching Dean’s hand between his legs.  Castiel’s hand shot to the back of Dean’s neck and pulled him impossibly closer, and their tongues battled for dominance.  It was bruising in its intensity, and Dean let out a full body shiver with how much he wanted Castiel in that moment.
“Well, I didn't mean to add to your distress,” Castiel said, facing him fully.  “I – Dean, I just keep failing.  Again and again.  When you were taken, I searched for months and I couldn't find you, and Kelly escaped on my watch and I couldn’t find her.  And I just wanted… I
But Castiel just looked even more miserable, and shifted on the bench.  “Dean,” he ground out.  He looked up at Dean, and Dean was startled, suddenly by the look in his eyes – one of longing.
“Okay, well, you know what?” Dean responded angrily.  “Cas isn't in good standing with any angel, all right?  But here he is, ass on the line, fighting the fight.  So tell me, what makes you so special?”
“I know, dude,” said Sam.  “Dean told me so this morning, too.”  Sam had stopped calling the boys “Little Dean” and “Little Cas” several years ago, relying on context clues to differentiate exactly who they meant.  Reluctantly, Dean had followed Sam’s example.
It had only been when Castiel had spent time as a human that he had finally recognized his feelings for Dean as love – and not just any love, but a sexual one.  When he could no longer will away his vessel’s response to Dean’s nearness – when he lost control of the angelic part of his mind, and began to fantasize about his friend – then he had finally understood.
“Yeah, I've been trying to reach out, but for whatever reason, I wasn't at full power,” said Castiel.  “So I couldn't connect with you.”
Each night, Dean would head to his room alone, and Castiel would come by to check on him.  Each night, Dean would invite him to stay.  Twice, they ended up having sex in Dean’s room in the middle of the day, just because.
The brothers had their hands full after that – Abaddon, a Knight of Hell, was on the loose, Crowley was trapped in the bunker refusing to give up information, and thousands of angels had been let loose on the world, confused and mutinous.
Dean’s eyes flew open, meeting Castiel’s piercing blue ones.  This Castiel was the one he had always known – his best friend, his lover, his
When their lips met, it felt like coming home.  Dean’s lips were chapped but soft, and Castiel melted into them.  He had wanted this, of course, but never believed that it would’ve been possible without the Angel Amore.
Bobby!” Dean burst out with a frustrated shout. “You can skin me later, if the major leaves enough of my hide intact for it, but we don’t have time right now! Maybe…” He glanced backward and cursed. “Maybe a couple dozen. Could be as many as thirty. Oh, cut the shit, it’s not like we did this on purpose—”
“I don’t think so,” Dean was answering. “Looked like he landed on his side and back, kind of balled up. Probably dislocated his shoulder, I’d bet, at least. Can’t see if there’s anything else obviously broken or out of place yet.”
“Who the hell gave me a weed plant?” he choked, head whipping around the crowd. Castiel had his head buried in a cushion as he shook with hysterics, Sam had his hands clapped over his face, and the dean of the college…was in the bathroom, thank God.
“Can’t kill you?” The Entity sounded almost offended by Dean’s argument. Shifting again into something larger and looming, it said, “Little speck, you presume to tell me I can or can’t do whatever I choose to you? No. No, I won’t kill you, though I most certainly could. Killing you would be uncreative and far too generous. Quick, though. That’s an important factor to consider.”
“I don’t see anyone,” a deep male voice said, hushed. Peeking between the desk legs, Castiel glimpsed two pairs of feet, both in worn running shoes.
This was incredible. Castiel had been somewhat confused, after thinking about it, that Naomi hadn’t come by to see him while he was still in the clinic. If their positions had been reversed, he was sure that he would have refused to leave his sister’s side, overcome with joy that she had been found alive. Naomi had never been the most emotionally demonstrative of siblings, but surely these were extraordinary circumstances.
“Nah, I’m good on that front,” Dean grinned. “Just…do you realize it’s been a week since we last…” Not that they’d been entirely celibate; it was just that there didn’t seem to be any good knotting positions that didn’t either put pressure on or painfully stretch the back of Dean’s leg.
“This isn’t going to hold long,” the younger of the two soldiers said. One of the windows alongside the door was already shattered, and a rotting arm was flailing blindly through the gap. “Get whatever you’re getting so we can get the hell out of here!” He turned back to fire, not waiting for a response.
“We could split up,” Castiel said firmly. “We may not get another chance at this. Just let me get in there—I can grab everything quick, and we can meet back up here.” She was already shaking her head in refusal, but he didn’t let her speak. “And you’d better not try to say no just because we’re family. Or because of
Ruefully, Dean admitted the truth to himself now: if he heard Castiel trotting along the path after them right at that moment, he’d be hard pressed to feel anything other than relief.
Behind him in his room, a guitar riff blared from his cell phone, signaling a text message. Before he could even turn around, it played again. And again. “What the hell,” he mumbled, heading for his desk where it sat.
“Probably, but it seems to work for her,” Dean said with a shrug. “Anyway, she can take it from here, so let’s get you home. I’ve had some stew going in the slow cooker, so you don’t even have to think.”
“And said to be altered, as is the manner of all folk songs,” Castiel said with a nod. “This is as close as we can reasonably come to a primary source, I’m convinced. Even this one was published a century after the execution, even though people had been sharing and singing it all the while.”
Dean hated the idea of taking water from a child, but if they wanted to get back to camp any time soon, he knew he needed it. “Can Uncle Dean have a little drink?” he asked.
Most days, that would have been a pretty good indication that he should turn right back around and go, wait for somebody else to be the unfortunate sonofabitch to be the next guy in the major’s sights. Truthfully, Dean knew that was still the logical choice; even knowing he’d been hearing a live broadcast from a guy trapped all alone and waiting to die, the fact was that the guy
Sam came back out, examining one of the range rifles as he walked. “They’re not that bad,” he said. “Besides, we can always strip them down and use the better parts of them. We’re not military. If it shoots straight, I don’t care if it’s regulation.”
“I don’t know what you’re doing,” Castiel mumbled, now frowning down at his legs. He immediately appeared to regret having replied to Dean, and he flattened his lips together tightly.
Dean wiped the sweat from his forehead. Late March wasn’t exactly sweltering, and the brisk wind was actually making things feel even chillier than the season had a right to be, but he’d still managed to work up some perspiration as he’d labored away at the flower beds in front of the house.
Dean made a face when he tasted the brown liquid poured from the unlabeled bottle. “God, this shit could strip paint,” he coughed. “Remind me to see if there’s a Moose Lodge or a VFW anywhere around that we haven’t searched yet. Bet those guys had some liquor stashed around.”
Okay, Dean had really, really not needed to hear Castiel talking about “going hard” or talking about his stamina. Jesus. Doing his valiant best to steer his mind toward visions of his junior high gym teacher in her orthopedic knee socks, he quickly drew the knife along the drywall, trying to keep the cut from drifting away from the mark. Abruptly, the blade seemed to sink into the panel quickly, and Dean startled as he temporarily lost his balance. The cut dragged to the left as he did, and as he pulled it back in alarm, it caught the flesh of his left palm. Immediately, blood welled and began to drip, and he hissed and swore as the pain shot through his hand.
Beta reader: "That is not safe business practice, Castiel. I'm pretty sure Gabe is not insured for this."
As he tried urgently to correct the miscommunication, the driver was making his way around the front of the van, head tilted and eyes narrowed in what looked like suspicion. “I wasn’t informed of that,” he replied. His voice was deep and rough, a rumbling thing that stirred something in Dean’s chest, but one that, thankfully, would probably not be intelligible at a distance by any nosy neighbors. “I can carry anything that needs to go back there, without ruining either your yard or the undercarriage of the van.”
There. There it was, yet another sign of proof that, whether recorded or not, what Dean was hearing was not a pre-Crisis artifact. This guy had been alive and apparently doing okay at staying that way at least a few months into the mess. Dean bit his lip, conflicted about whether to say anything to anybody again. If nothing else, any broadcasting equipment that had survived the initial wave of looting and madness was maybe worth searching out, even if it was a ghost station.
“Sorry,” Dean said; he hadn’t even realized he’d been humming along with the song, caught up in the familiar melody. Mystery Guy was doing a rather amazing cover of “Comfortably Numb,” darker and edgier and nearly brooding, and Dean almost
Shit, this was bad, so very bad. Purgatory had been deadly enough when they’d been here in person, in the real world, with Castiel fully rational and all of the monsters having been nothing more than ordinary monsters, no matter how numerous. But monsters that were powered by angel grace…what the hell would that even look like? And with Castiel still hallucinating bizarre things, talking to random invisible people, and maybe not fully persuaded that the world around them was just a messed-up concoction of suffering developed inside his own sleeping brain, Dean estimated their survival chances to be significantly lower than their first trip through.
“What?” she said. “How could you not be? I left you there surrounded by monsters, the monsters that had just killed our parents. I ran, and I found safety, and I didn’t even think about going back for you, not once.”
“So,” Dean said, suddenly awkward. “You play guitar?” It was such a ridiculous question, coming out of nowhere, and he seemed to realize it as soon as he spoke. His cheeks flushed red as he bit his lip, and Castiel felt himself smile despite his lingering doubts.
“We know, Bobby,” Sam spoke into his microphone apologetically, turning back around and resuming his onward plod. “We sort of ran into…complications.”
“I did,” he confirmed. “Of course, I thought you were dead. Rather, I thought whoever had written them was dead, when I found them; I didn’t know they were yours specifically. So I didn’t see any reason not to look at them, you understand. I truly was beginning to believe that there was nobody left alive in the area, possibly in the entire country. At the very best, I thought perhaps there were a handful of survivors like me, scattered around, but that the likelihood of one of us stumbling over another would be…miniscule. I believed the person who wrote those words was gone—and that I myself would probably not last much longer.”
Dean grimaced. “I mean, that wouldn’t be so bad, since it means I can get home early and crash, but lately I’m getting it at both ends.” Balthazar didn’t even get the chance to appreciate the lovely gift delivered to him on a silver platter, since as soon as Dean realized what he’d said, he lifted a warning finger. “Shut. Up.”
“There was no way to find out. Dean, when I say ‘overrun,’ you need to understand that I’m talking about several thousand soldiers, the United States Army Combined Arms Center, the Command and General Staff College, and a brigade of military police. All milling about, groaning and bumping into each other, as far as I could see.”
God, but it had been so much easier when he was just dealing with his anger toward Naomi or the Leviathans. Rage was a motivating force; heartbreak was more likely to leave Dean lost and unable to stay focused on the mission.
“Ugh, I just finished grading the last batch of problem sets,” Meg groaned. “Those were bad enough, and the kids didn’t look half as confused during those lectures as they did for this one. There’s going to be a herd of them waiting at my desk in a panic, you realize.”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling the tension thrumming through him. "And if by some miracle he actually did survive, then that's exactly what she did. Which is another reason why she's never, ever going to go for this, even if it meant a chance to have him back."
“I was going to come find you,” Naomi said, but she wasn’t meeting his eyes. She pushed the door open, then hesitated before stepping inside. “You should come in,” she eventually said.
“Uh,” Dean said, stuck for words. “Can we, y’know, maybe have this conversation another time? I’m sort of wiped, and it’s been a really, really long, hard day. You know, the house and everything.”
Above the text was a photo of a large brick modern house, surrounded by an artfully glowing nimbus, obviously meant to evoke thoughts of halos. Besides that, the company’s logo itself incorporated a tiny set of wings sprouting from the sides of the name. All things taken as a package, it was apparent that subtlety had been weighed against humor and come up short.
“And how do you know about her brother’s creativity?” Dean asked suspiciously. “Don’t tell me that was in her military files.”
“Well, yeah. You don’t think I want to try doing it on my own, do you? You remember me and Hannah shouting back and forth to each other through the walls when we were rewiring upstairs? You gotta have somebody on the other end to help pull the cables and wires, or it’s a pain in the ass.”
“Mmm, intact for now,” Gabriel said thoughtfully. “Cassie, is that water staining over in the corner? Did you check for leaks there?”
“So how come you drew the short straw on this?” Dean called out when it sounded like the demolition noise had hit a lull. “Kind of figured the actual hands-on fixing would go to someone lower on the totem pole.”
“I just can’t believe he’s actually dead,” Dean said thoughtfully. “Still doesn’t make sense. He was talking about zombies! He talked about the Crisis happening a year and a half ago! If he got bit that first night, then how’d he make a recording with all that information on it? Longest I’ve ever seen a person last between being bit and going gray was, what, five days?”
busy; that was undeniable. It simply wasn’t logical to believe that every single person in town was lying to him about having seen her running about, or occupied with this task or the other, or having had to fly to Offutt for an unscheduled meeting with the generals. As time passed, though, the likelihood of Naomi being unaware that Castiel was there and trying to catch up with her diminished rapidly, leaving him with the only possible conclusions being that she either didn’t care or that she was deliberately avoiding him.
“It certainly could have been one factor.” After a moment of quiet while he scooped and spread some more of the mudding compound, Castiel let out an amused huff. “As evidence, I’ll offer one of my recent dating fiascos. I thought I was going to dinner with April, the kind-hearted social worker. In fact, as I learned later that night, I was really on a date with April, the disturbingly persistent zealot who was determined to save my soul by pulling me into the folds of her church by any means necessary. Funny how none of that had come up in our initial conversations.”
“You know, I heard a rumor a while back about a way out of here,” Benny put in. “Only works for humans, I hear, but—“
Huh. “So what you’re saying is that the date went well because even though we were lying to Sam, we were being honest with each other?” It was a good theory; it wasn’t Castiel’s fault that the major flaw in it, in which Dean had been keeping one big honking secret to himself, was invisible to him.
“Sure,” Dean agreed, grinning. “But I’ve got a good, stable job, or at least as stable as academia ever is. I’m in an area where I’m happy to settle down, and roots are starting to sound pretty damn good to me. Think my tumbleweed days are in the past. Uh, how about you?”
Using gestures and hand signals, Naomi directed the soldiers to follow her as she carefully stole across the floor to a heavy fire door and tugged it open against the resistance of dust and deterioration. The Runners followed, Sam following last and moving backwards to make certain nothing was going to appear and give chase. Then they were all descending a staircase through the dark by the light of their small flashlights, heaving silent sighs of relief that there didn’t seem to be any zoms in the stairwell, as there was no way to completely muffle the sounds of their echoing steps.
Two hours later, when he and Sam were finally climbing down the rickety ladder on the side of the tower and thanking the other set of Runners for helping dispatch the small horde of zoms that had trapped them up there, Dean was pretty sure he needed a new plan.
“Not always against such dramatic situations, admittedly,” Amelia said, “But ask him about the time he was fixing the roof, and suddenly he heard a little voice from behind him, because Claire had followed him up the ladder.”
Dean watched as, sweat-covered and still flushed, Castiel walked out of the room. The subtle bounce of muscle in that perfect, round ass had him sighing happily. “Coming,” he said, wincing as he pried his skin away from the wooden crate.
While he was still struggling to catch his breath, Dean plucked a condom out of Castiel’s grip and tore it open. Rolling it onto Castiel’s cock, he felt a thrill of satisfaction when he heard the breath catch above his head. With no sign of any further interruptions, he didn’t waste any more time in parting his lips around it and swallowing down, down, down as far as he could go. It had been some time since he’d done this, and he was pretty pleased with himself for not immediately choking. Castiel was impressively thick, stretching Dean’s lips in a most gratifying manner.
Wait, though. If Naomi had been involved after Anna finally got captured, then that sort of shifted things in Dean’s perspective. He’d seen how messed up Castiel had been during the time when Naomi had been screwing with him; “brainwashing” barely covered it. In that light, maybe Anna didn’t entirely deserve the vilification they’d heaped on her?
A throat cleared quietly. “Please don’t put kerosene in your toilet,” said Gad, who was standing on the other side of the circle surrounding Dean. His face and tone of voice clearly said that he’d seen enough in his career that he could no longer assume anything was meant as a joke.
“No, it’s on, but I already know there are issues with that, so I want to use it as little as possible in the meantime,” Dean explained. Unfortunately, a day full of lectures and one-on-ones with students had kept him busy until after sundown again, so he hadn’t had the chance to do much hunting for the elusive breaker box yet. A quick survey of the exterior hadn’t shown anything, which was mystifying. “But that’s actually the problem I’m least concerned about, all things considered.”
“Well, we got in last night around six-thirty or so, and it’s around eight in the morning now, so a good long while. You were pretty out of it there for a while, so Tessa knocked you out until she could reset the shoulder you dislocated and make sure you hadn’t broken your neck or anything. Then you were in a bunch of pain that was making you toss and turn when you slept, so she gave you some of the good drugs to help with that, and you slept like a rock until just a little bit ago.”
“Well, then, you could kill two birds with one stone,” Balthazar suggested. “Test the waters of friendship a bit, see who you’re dealing with? I know you well enough to be certain that if this person has no sense of humor, it’s best to find that out sooner rather than later.”
and knowing you, I knew that you would never give up like that, and that you would never forgive me for giving up, either.”
“Are you kidding me? Meg, who else knows about Cas?” Dean said, turning bright red as he batted Ruby’s hands away from his shirt collar. “Knock it off, Ruby, or I’ll tell Doctor MacLeod that you—”
He’d wait to propose that to Dean until later; he’d rather cashed in on any favors he might have been owed.
“Let ‘em bring it,” Dean said. With his arm wrapped around Castiel’s waist, pressing the heat of their bodies together, and surrounded by friends and family, he felt fully and completely at home…and it had almost nothing to do with the house, after all.
“I’m a multi-faceted man, Dean,” Castiel said archly, lifting an eyebrow as he grinned and marched out of the room. Sitting back on his heels, Dean let himself take a moment to appreciate the view before following.
The room beyond the smaller door wasn’t quite as blindingly bright, but that wasn’t saying much. Dean’s eyes still had to adjust slightly as he entered, and when he did, he thought at first that he’d somehow found an angelic dental office. Before the ludicrousness of that thought fully set in, he saw that the reclined chair in the middle of the room was occupied.
“God dammit, Jimmy, I swear…” Castiel’s grumbling became more intelligible when Dean poked his head into their shared closet. He grinned at the sight of Castiel’s legs dangling from the attic hatch, about a foot above the top of the stepstool he’d used to reach it. Feet kicked as their owner strained harder to reach whatever object was proving to be stubbornly elusive.
he told himself. Instead, he scrambled madly to the far corner of the room, diving behind a desk just as slow footsteps came through the open doorway.
They found Gabriel standing in the middle of what eventually was going to be a much nicer bathroom than even Dean had originally planned. After some early discussions, Dean had decided that since they already needed to demolish so much of the plumbing, they might as well do a little more reconfiguring of the space to make it a bit less cramped. The old tub was in the process of being replaced by a tiled shower stall behind a glass door, and just that change alone was a huge transformation.
“This one’s not negotiable, I’m afraid. It’s all you’re getting from me. But it’s simple and straightforward. If you can wake him, then you can take him.” Between one heartbeat and the next, Castiel appeared, lying sprawled on his stomach beside them on ground so velvety black that it looked like nothing at all. There was no moment of arrival or materializing into view; Dean had the strange but certain feeling that perhaps Castiel had always been right there, just hidden from Dean’s mind, tucked behind a shadow.
“You know, you could at least pretend the lecture wasn’t so bad,” Dean said. “I get that ‘Fundamentals of Metal Forming’ isn’t a wild ride of a topic, but still. I came to work today as the walking wounded so I could deliver it.” He held up his bandaged hand, the reason for which had been the subject of much whispered conjecturing amongst his students. His pride rather appreciated overhearing the guess involving extreme sports, even if the logical extension would be that he was rather bad at them.
“Well, who does?” Castiel asked. His anger had evaporated quickly at the sight of Naomi’s honest remorse. It was blatantly obvious that she’d been avoiding him not out of disinterest, but out of some form of misguided self-punishment. “Forgiveness isn’t about deserving, anyway. Whether I forgive you or not is up to me, and it really only affects me in the end, not you. For the record, though, I don’t really need to forgive you because I was never angry with you about that.”
“He’s good for you,” Sam said, reaching across the table to gently punch Dean’s shoulder. “And I get the feeling you could be good for him, too. Just remember to keep communicating. That’s the area that brings most of the couples I see to my office in the first place.”
Donna and Jody made rude noises, while Sam waved away Meg’s splutters of flabbergasted vetoes. “No movie is entertaining enough for that, Dean, and I’m including all the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies in that statement.”
It took fewer than twenty minutes for both men to realize that the flippant comment was a prime example of famous last words.
Dean snorted. “Wouldn’t know it, the way you ignore what it’s trying to tell you, then. I might have managed to bring it back from the dead before, but next time might be the straw that breaks the Pimpmobile’s back.”
“So you’re suggesting that we show up at camp leading a massive train of zoms, like the worst Pied Pipers ever,” Dean said with a huff. He looked at Sam, who just shrugged, looking back at the road pointedly. They were already losing some of the head start they’d gained, by the sound of things. “Fine, whatever. We’re already going to be in hot water. Just have to send up the alarm the moment we get back into transmission range.”
“Hey, I’ll just be happy when I can finally move out of the dorms,” Kevin said, quirking a rueful smile. “Mom thinks it’s a better learning environment, but the next time some jackass pulls the fire alarm at two in the morning, I’m going to move into one of the study rooms down in the basement of this building. The vending machine food here is probably healthier than what they serve in the cafeteria, anyway.”
. I have no idea why he even joined the council. All he does is complain about the books the rest of us suggest. He actually called
didn’t know? You think he didn’t take one look at me when I came back to the office after that first night and immediately suspect something was up? Why do you think I told you he wasn’t to know about the story we told Sam? Because he’d already been at me incessantly to find my way into your pants, and that would have been like throwing gunpowder on a fire. Oh, fuck, your
“There’s your calendar, right there on my computer, telling me you’re going to be unavailable for office hours because of ‘dinner with Sam.’ I already knew all about your little misinformation campaign and how close Sam was getting to finally breaking you down, but now, all of a sudden and with no explanation, you’re no longer Mister Mopey-Pants over it.”
It didn’t fall, though. When the cabinet remained hanging in place, tilted slightly away from the wall, Dean cautiously prodded at it with one hand, still ready to catch it if necessary. Under his hand, one side of the cabinet seemed to pull further away from the wall. “The hell?” he said. He looked back at Castiel, who seemed equally mystified. Using his other hand to hold the cabinet in place, Dean gently pulled the loose side toward him, and the damned thing pivoted away from the wall, just like…
“I’ll take care of it,” Dean replied. He still felt like his head wanted to pop with pressure, and sweat droplets felt like ice dripping along his overheated neck, and it was making it hard for him to sort out his feelings of irritation from all the physical complaints. “See you later. Hey, Claire, need a lift back to camp?” Lifting her into his arms, Dean almost staggered unexpectedly under the weight, but he covered the momentary weakness with a couple of bounces that made her giggle. Sliding her around to his back, Dean gritted his teeth behind a tight smile as he headed back along the trail.
***********************************************************************************************************
“So many times it happens too fast,” He put an arm around Jack and pointed to the sky, “You change your passion for glory” He walked toward Sam and did grabbed the air and dramatically pulled down, “Don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past, You must fight just to keep them alive.”
