"You will do no such thing. I don't trust her THAT much." The very idea of him walking around half-naked in front of that woman...
"I did more than like it. I craved it. I needed it." I put my hand around the head of his penis and squeeze softly. "I need it again, Gregory. I need you to tell me what to do and how to do it." It's now or never. "I -need- to be needed."
I pat whatever body part happened to be near my hand, his thigh I think. "Shh. Nap first."
Mycroft
"Never been better." I whimper as he pulls out of me, and grabs a flannel from the bathroom to clean us both up. "And a nap sounds like an excellent idea." I say with a slightly sleepy grin.
"I guess I care about you because you make me feel needed." I sigh quietly.
I return to scrubbing the pot I was working on, glancing over my shoulder to see my brother trying on his custom-made, one-of-a-kind mask. A red ferret.
"That sounds lovely, Jimmy," Can you imagine? Not only do I have a pair living in the flat upstairs - though they're not married yet - but I have another pair that enjoys my company! Wait til Mrs. Turner hears about that! She'll be so jealous! "Tell me, is Seb your husband? Or are you two just dating?"
Irene
"Dear Gods! Does she do that often??" It takes a moment for me to breathe normal again. His arm doesn't leave my waist even though the danger of the horse bucking again has past.
Irene
Mycroft
"Yes, sir," I reply without looking up.
"Oy. And I'm chopped liver." I drag my wife along to where my family is chatting. "And this is my wife, Mrs Chopped Liver."
(3:30am) *text to ??* What are you going on about? JW
I huddle in the corner, trying not only to stay warm but to cover myself, while John sets up the bedding.
"Agreed". He starts a mild bouncing motion and I have to bite my lip to keep from cumming too quick. His devilish smirk tells me he knows what he's doing to me.
I thank her for the warning then dismiss it to kiss William again.
“Oh, you know…” I wave dramatically at the living room. “Cleaning. Oh, and I finally finished letting out those pants you asked me to fix.” I took a deep breath, trying to hide my nerves. “I did a bit of reading. Early night, actually.”
Sherlock
"I reserve the right to ask as the situation calls for it." I respond to his kisses enthusiastically. "I trust you to be gentle with me."
My fingers brush the back of his neck, and I rub my cheek against his hair as he leans against my chest. I close my eyes and take a shaky breath.
John shifts, and his hips rub up against me, and now I'm wide awake, and thinking inappropriate thoughts again. Sheesh. "John, please hold still... we both need to get some sleep..." I mumble against the back of his neck.
His wiggling causes his penis to swing back and forth a bit which makes me chuckle a bit. The laughing stops once our dicks align. A zing goes up my back and I'm instantly completely hard again. "Fuck." I rock my hips against his a few times then draw back.
Sherlock
"If John hadn't found me that first night..." I shudder at the thought. "She would have been right. And it would have been at your hand."
I am most happy to oblige him, and close my eyes with a moan as my hand moves over the hard flesh. Even with my eyes closed, I can feel him watching me with rapt attention.
I hail a cab, and both of us climb in quickly. I give the cabbie the address Mycroft sent me but add "But drop me at St. Bart's first." John looks at me, confused. "I will go talk to Molly - see what else I can find out about her boyfriend. You, go check out this Moriarty's flat."
"Yes, I was. Poor Frank ended up in prison before he passed away. There was no love lost by the time he was arrested. We hadn't had sex in years by then. Not like you and your Jim. A healthy sex life is important to a good marriage." I can hardly wait til these two get hitched.
In a lower voice, I speak to John and Sherlock. "It's about time you two showed up!" I scold playfully. "Now get in here, wash up here in the kitchen and sit down for dinner."
Sherlock
"It was a wonderful idea. A terrible result." I lay mostly on top of him with my back to the fire. "Tell me more about you. Why did you choose to become a guard? Not an expected profession for a Lestrade in these parts."
"And solving puzzles." I smile.
"Yes Sir, -what- Sir?" I bring the paddle down hard on his back side.
I start to get up from the table, when Mycroft catches my hand.
I let John pull me up his body, our cocks finally rubbing against each other as I continue to stroke him while he kisses me urgently.
I enter the Holmes residents nearly out of breath. "SHERLOCK! Get your skinny arse here right now!" I use the Evening Edition News as a fan to cool myself off.
Patience, brother. We can only work so fast.
Sherlock
"I could teach you. Let's go inside."
I sputter while taking a sip of the tea. "Surely Sherlock has spoken about me? I am his arch-nemesis after all."
Sherlock
I zip up my trousers as I ponder the statement. "Getting a new job probably." A flicker of anger passes in Sherlock's eyes. "No. No no no. He's not getting fired. But he may quit." I button up my shirt but seemed to have forgotten my shoes. "Will you be getting dressed?" It’s hardly appropriate to walk around in a sheet. Even in one’s home. I hoist him up and start making the bed as best as possible. The pillow... I'll replace that.
"Did you like it? When I talk to you that way?" I gasp as I grind against him, my cock almost painfully hard.
"We'll see." I look at his sweet face.
"Ouch!" I cry out when his heavy boot lands on my fingers. Luckily, I manage to pull my fingertips out of harm's way before he puts his full weight on them. "Hey! Watch your feet!" I scold him. I feel him settle beside me, and unconsciously move toward him, toward his warmth.
"Why doesn’t it bother you? Do you not care about being tossed aside at the first hint of someone else coming along? I mean I am happy he has someone but why does that someone have to be his everything?! It’s not fair." I slam my fist on the table hard enough to rattle the tea cups.
"Something I saw that I wish to record in case some day my memory abandons me." I close the book and return it to the pack. My hand grazes the wine skin but I leave it be.
"No. It wasn't your fault." I take his feet off my lap and stand up. "I'll leave you be."
"Mummy was going to kill you. I did the only thing I could think of. She thought you dead and I was disposing the body." I shudder at the memory of hoisting an unconscious Sherlock first to the wagon then to the cave. "My intent was to return the next day, but the snow storm..." My stomach clenches and threatens to expel the small amount I was able to force myself to eat.
John wasn't angry even though he knew he sounded that way. John was scared. His flatmate had been more attentive of late and it had made him go from pleased, to nervous, to petrified. Why was Sherlock being so… so… so nice?
Finally I put my hand out for the food. "Sorry but what did you say your name was? Kale?"
Mycroft is fast asleep on our bedroll, when I hear a rustling in the brush nearby.
I huff to myself. After cleaning up the breakfast dishes and cleaning up the kitchen, I've just started sweeping the main room, when there's a knock at the door.
His voice sends a jolt straight to my dick, and I shudder. "Please, John..." my voice trembles.
"Only with the ones that are important to me. I was calling you 'baby' but you objected, so I stopped."
I put my hand on his arm. "Dear, let me tell you what I've learned about men. They want to feel needed. They will never admit to liking it when you coddle them," I say sweetly. "You have to let him 'earn his keep' as they say. Or you'll spoil him."
Sherlock
"Yeah... thanks." I stand by the table. "Wait... what are you doing?"
Sherlock
"As it happens, Lady Watson is looking for someone to help with finding Lord Watson's mysterious suitor. Might be right up your alley. Interested?"
Mycroft
"Gregory." I enter his chambers wearing naught but the dressing gown that he prefers. "Would you like a massage tonight?" I loosen the tie on the robe and let it slip open a bit. "Or would you prefer something else?"
I tip my hips forward so my head wipes across his lips. "Just the one. No thoughts other than us, right here, right now." I growl a bit when he barely touches the head.
Yes, I have. Get me an address. Now.
I put a scoop of herbs into the pot of hot water and let steep for a few minutes. "As for danger, well, no one bothers me here, so I'm quite safe."
"Who-who is there?" I stammer nervously. Great, now I'm trapped in the back of a cave by some ne'er-do-well, probably a thief hiding from the law...
I stop as the mattress hits the back of my knees and sit onto the bed hard. I reach forward and grab Greg's belt, pulling him toward me with a grin.
"Now, now," I reach out and pat his fist gently. "It's good to have friends, dear. I have many friends - not just the boys. Why, there's Mrs. Turner down the block - she has married ones, you know - and the girls from the book club (though we really spend more time gossiping than talking about books). I'm sure you have other friends to play with..."
I'm about to launch into a colorful but firm response in the negative when my brother enters the room.
"There, there, dear," I smile at him. "I've had years more experience at that, you know. You'll get better at it."
"Perhaps you would prefer to wait... to have me?" I ask, trying not to sound disappointed.
"My dearest, you were so drunk that night. You couldn't stop talking. You kept saying filthy things about my mouth and what you wanted me to do with it. So I did it." I draw one hand down his chest to his groin. "You were the hardest I had ever seen you. You kept whispering dirty things and telling me -exactly- what to do."
As we leave the area I tug Gregory’s arm and pull him to the side of the shed. "Sherlock has been here but he’s recently left. I saw his flask on her table and these footprints leading into the forest are his." There is another set of prints to the side that makes me worry.
I trade him tea for the envelope. Before he has a chance to say anything, like don't open it, I tear it open.
(7:24) *text to JW* Not anymore. SH
Sherlock
I shake my head silently.
"Maybe later, ok." I take the oil from him so I have something to fiddle with while we talk. "Umm... What do you know about... Umm..."
Sherlock
Sherlock
Mycroft
I arch up, thrusting up into him as much as I am able, watching the blissful look on his face as he rides me.
I look at the trees and have a hard time figuring out how he will be able to see above them. "I believe I smell smoke."
"It's bloody freezing mate. We passed cold two feet of snow ago." There's only so much a fire can warm up a cave. Too big and we won't be able to breathe.
Sherlock
Mycroft
"He probably hailed a cab down the street. Or worse, got on the Tube. We'll never find her." I'm pacing the living room, arms flailing wildly in frustration.
I return to the kitchen carrying a small satchel in one hand and a few books in the other. "I am ready, John."
I come down the stairs, my arms full of Mycroft's bedding. After getting the laundry started, I walk quietly into the kitchen and take a seat at the table.
“You might be surprised.” I pour him some tea, and open the biscuit jar, taking one. “How much of our conversation did you hear?” I ask, knowing that he’d probably overheard a fair amount of it, since Greg made little effort to keep his voice down.
Sherlock
"I don't think I've ever made anyone feel so... so confident. So happy." I smile. "I must admit, I like the feeling."
"Are you serious? He tried to kill you." He sent a Guard out to find him. A guard! "Maybe he wants to make sure you're dead." Maybe I should take care of the guards.
"Our horse is quite calm." Only Sherlock rides her. I use a carriage. "Are we close yet? We're traveling much quicker than I did."
"What?" He wants me? "Why? How?" This inability to think must be how the normal people feel. I keep looking into his eyes waiting for the punchline, the haha at the end of a joke. I see it not. "That would be foolish Gregory. You must stay at the Castle and there must be someone at the Estate to keep it running smoothly. I would be your consort, and it would please me very much, even the Duke has a male consort so that is not the concern, but what of children? What of..." There are so many things to consider. His eyes take on a sad look as his hand drops from my jaw. I wrap my arms around his neck. "I did not say no. I asked how, why." I rub my cheek against his. "I would marry you this very instance if it were possible. I worry you have not thought this through."
"My brother is downstairs. This is a bad idea." I mumble.
Sherlock
"If this is what I get for being naughty, I'll keep it up," I mumble sleepily.
I bump his shoulder with mine and look away a bit to hide my smile. "Nah. It's a nice night for a walk."
Mycroft
I bite down on my lower lip to try and contain the whimpering. "Five." I hiss.
"Ta. Your confidence is astounding." He nods as if he didn't hear the sarcasm in my voice. "I'm not an idiot you know. I do have an MD." And a psychosomatic limp every now and again.
"I just woke up. Gimme a minute." I stretch and my shoulder makes a pop noise. This cold is doing no kindness to my body.
Sherlock
"I would appreciate the guidance, as I'm... well, I've never..." I blush furiously. "But I don't need a running narrative."
I let him scamper off while I remain by the fire and plan how best to enjoy these two perfect presents.
"I swear to you on my honor, John - I will try." With that, I got up from the table, leaving to make some phone calls to a few well-placed newspaper people who might be able to direct me.
Sherlock
"With my brother there? It's a bit early for you to be drinking, isn't it, Greg?" I roll my eyes. "Besides, I've got plenty to do here - easier with His Stubbornness out of the house."
I keep swallowing as he cums, until he pulls away from me and flops down beside me on the bed. I close my eyes and take a deep shaky breath as I continue stroking myself, getting close myself.
"Oh? Your brother explained all that in the letter, did he? What kind of would-be murderer writes a note to his victim?" I start pulling leaves and smaller twigs off the branches and putting them in a pile. "You could help you know."
After I stand I reach a hand out to help him up. "And if you're a really good boy I'll read you a bedtime story," I figure a joke might defuse some if the tension.
I shrug. "Don't know. Don't care." _Don't leave_. "Tell the Mrs I said hi and asked about the kids." I leave him on his own and head to the kitchen. "Martha!"
Mycroft
My eyes close and I feel something like a hand caressing my face but when I open my eyes no one is there. "Sounds good. Yeah. Mind if I shut my eyes for a moment?"
"I'm not sure. Those bones may have been from a ... a hunter who used the cave after the blizzard." Hunters are only one sort of person one might find in a forest such as this one. It's a popular hiding place for the less desirable sort of person, as well. I've caught a number of thieves and other criminals in the area. But if I tell Mycroft that, he's likely to panic.
Sherlock
"Name's Greg Lestrade. I'm a Captain of the Guard, and have been hired by Mycroft Holmes to track down his younger brother." I stop a few yards away from them, still well away from the house.
Sherlock
"Since your brother was likely travelling on foot, I don't expect he went terribly far. Probably a couple of hours, in this terrain." If Sherlock is anything like Mycroft, that would probably be the extent of his endurance. Mycroft is pretty, but woefully inexperienced, and even weaker since he's decided to subsist on a diet of brandy. "Do you want to ride, or walk? I think I'm going to walk, just so I can keep a closer eye on his trail.”
Sherlock
Sherlock
"Truly, it's well into the spring. Where have you two been?"
I look at John curiously. "It does? I thought I was sleeping on the sofa..."
Even though Sherlock swears we're still heading in the right direction I can't shake the feeling of being lost or heading the wrong way. At the top of the tree I see that he was right.
The escape from the wind and a warm body next to me lulled me into a decent nap. I woke when I felt Sherlock moving around. "You ok?"
I grab both sides of his face and make him look at me. "Stop being an idiot! You want him. He wants you. Go. Get. Him." I stand and try to pull him up so I can drive him to the castle but the bony bugger is heavier than he looks.
I put a hand on top of his in my hair and encourage him to push my head down further. I can feel tears and saliva running down my face but he likes it when I look 'thouroughly fucked' as he put it. I moan harder when he pushes down and my nose smashes into his pubic hair.
"Certainly, my dear," I smile at him, patting the empty space next to me on the bed. "Come sit with me, and we can... talk."
Mycroft
Sherlock
"That was not a suggestion. Do I need to have him removed from the premises?"
"Two sets? Are you sure? Maybe they were both that guard's tracks...  Or maybe there's another guard with him."
(8am) *text to ICE* Don't think there will be a problem but I guess giving you my number won't hurt. JW
"Fine." I slap his arse on the way out of the bedroom. "Irene, why don't you come show me what parts of the deer you want to keep preserved.'
"Let me make some scheduling changes with the guards. I will meet you at the stables in one hour. Be ready for several days' travel."
"But I don't get why! I get why I care for you. I've wanted you since the day we met. But -why-?! Why would you want me?" I end my rant throwing my hands up in the air reminiscent of Sherlock and his tantrums. Oh dear lords I've become almost as dramatic as my brother.
Irene
I try not to but I had to chuckle at his question. "Yes, you can keep your socks. They will help you stay warm as long as they're dry." I take his jacket and lay it down where mine was before I put it over the bedding.
After a few briefs hellos and a quick wash up, I finally had the fountain in sight. My watch said twenty-four minutes had passed.
Mycroft
"Why must you be so cruel? I know my desires are unnatural. Are you getting pleasure from pointing it out?!" My tone is crisp and the volume is enough to echo off the small chamber. "You want me to say it?? Fine." I walk up to him at the caves entrance. "I want you, Gregory Lestrade. I like taking care of you. I like not having to think of anything but how to please you. I -like- it. Satisfied?!" I storm out of the cave, shrugging his arm off me when he reaches out to grab me. Weighing much less than I used to, and with adrenaline flowing through me, I am able to outpace him quite quickly and dodge into the trees.
Dear gods he is as dumb as me. "Come here. Bring the fruit with you."
"That you may have had him killed." I blurt it out before I could stop myself. "Oopsie. My bad." I start to laugh at the mental image of dear, sweet, Martha standing over her husband's dead body with a bloody tea pot in one hand and a cup of tea in the other.
"Oh, heavens no. Well, I suppose that's partly true. My husband was becoming a bother, and well, I would have been bankrupted by a divorce, so I found a better way to take care of the problem."
"I do things other than read!" I snarl at him. "I take care of the herbs in the garden, and sometimes I even help with chores." Helping Mummy carry the laundry out to the clothesline counts as helping, right?
"I would love to see them sometime. There's nothing better than fresh honey..." I say dreamily. I can just imagine licking honey off his fingers...
Standing beside Gregory I speak to Sherlock for the first time in over a month. "Hello, Brother Mine." A quick visual scan tells me he is not only healthy but looks better than he has in a long time if ever.
His finger makes me shiver in anticipation. "Yes." I whisper in his ear.
"Just trying to be helpful. So, 'Jimmy' had friends over a lot, did he? Or just his flatmate?"
"Again with the impatience..." I take my fingers away and line my cock up, press slowly into him, relishing the tight warmth enveloping me. "You should know by now, darling," I lean over and purr in his ear as our hips meet. "I'm worth waiting for." I pull back just a bit and press back in hard.
"Sherlock and John would be lost without me." I let out a happysad sigh as I think of my boys. "If it wasn't for my occasional meals all they would ever eat is takeaway and biscuits. But they're busy these days. Between business and becoming -aquainted- with each other... Well, you know what I mean." I shoot him a wink and head back to check the potatoes that are roasting nicely.
I follow her to the door and lock it once she's on the other side. "This is it. This is us. Welcome Home, Love."
"I just don't have a lot of free time, is all."
"No, no. If you helped make it I trust it." It seems they got up to doing a lot the one day I was gone.
I seem to have lost the ability of speech, so I simply nod. Soon as we're calmed down a bit I stand up and reach for his hand. Once we're out of the hot water I grab my clean tunic and dry him off.
"Good points. Now think about this. We do have snow. We do have fire. We do have lots of thick chunks of tree bark... Get where I'm going with this?" C'mon Locky, you can do it. Snow. Fire. Tree bark.
"I'm sure." I suddenly realize my state of dress - or lack thereof. "Greg, my offer of dinner still stands. It sounds like you'd like to avoid your shop for a while anyway."
I almost trip over Mycroft as he stops in his tracks. "No, you haven't killed him. What nonsense is this?" I put an arm around his waist, and sit him on a nearby log. "You didn't do anything wrong, darlin'. You did the best you could. Hopefully, your brother has the sense the gods gave a field mouse, and he's managed to survive to get himself some help. Now let's go find him, OK?" I give him a kiss on the forehead.
Mycroft
I make quick work of his shirt, my long fingers deftly freeing each button until finally I push the shirt off his shoulders and let it fall to the floor. My breath catches when I see the scar on his shoulder, my fingers tracing over it lightly.
(4:16pm) *text to JW* Angelo's. 7pm. This is not a date. SH
I turn and glare at her. "Yes, Mother. I will. I won't be under your roof much longer anyways. My old Commander says he's got a good spot for me in his new business taking supplies to remote villages. No better place for a Doctor Soldier to be then in the field. If the Queens Army won't have me least his company will. I leave in two days."
Setting the roast down, I smile sweetly at Jim. "I told you they would be here." I walk up to Seb and lower his gun (much to his surprise).
Everytime he thrusts up I bare down. I feel myself getting closer to the edge each time my prostate is grazed by his fat cock.
A small smile creeps onto my lips. "Thought you'd never ask," I growl. I move my hands to his hips and thrust up hard into him.
I was able to slip around the edges of the crowd, largely ignored, as no one had an idea who I might be. I grabbed two flutes of champagne from a young waiter's tray, and slipped unseen into the back hall, heading through the double doors toward the garden. I walked quietly to the fountain, and took a seat on a nearby bench to wait.
I pull my mouth up til only the head remains then go all the way down again. I move my hands in closer so that I can hold the base steady. This position allows my thumbs to graze his ballsack that I can feel starting to tighten. To help him over the edge I stop focusing on suction and instead work on speed, depth, and making it as wet as possible.
He sounds serious. "OK, so explain it to me."
"Fine." I swing my feet to the floor and right myself so I can eat. I take a bite of curry, and studiously rearrange the food on my plate.
I laugh at his suggestion of being attacked by a bear. "Don't have to worry too much ‘bout bears or wolves or such. Most of them are sleeping off the winter in caves. If you do see one I hope you have the sense not to poke it." He rolls his eyes at me, again. "What you do need to watch out for are loose snow and rocks, keep an eye on the weather, look for any smoke in the sky that can signal a hunting party or cabin, but most importantly look out for traps. A lot of traps get set and forgotten about and if you were to step in one, it wouldn’t care if you were a furry animal or a human. It'd take you down all the same."
Sherlock
“Yes.  Thank you for your help.”  I try not to roll my eyes.
Mycroft
Sherlock
I snort at his fairly apt interpretation of my sibling relationship. "Harry's a mean drunk. Mean sober too. Mum acts like a ... Let's just say she's all growl and only a little bite."
I hmm as he goes lower on me. I let go of my cock and put that now free hand in his hair. I comb my fingers through it and watch the curls bounce back each time. "What else do you deduce about me tonight?" He presses down hard on my hips. "Brilliant."
We've slowly made our way to a dim alcove so I pull him inside and lower the curtain. It’s almost impossible to see more than faint outlines. "Are you going to follow that advice?" I had not yet let go of his hand but instead use it to tug him closer to me.
I almost spill the tea, left by Seb, that I was drinking when she says that. "It was marvelous, simply marvelous."
"Where are we going?" Seems nice out here, peaceful. The kind of place I can see us retiring to when all is done. I picture bee colonies, a dog or two, patio for mid-day tea. I sigh, that will never happen. Too domestic for Mr Married to My Work
I grab a few veggies from the fridge and start slicing and chopping. "Me and my Frank used to be a bit.... excited in our love making. Those where some good years."
John wasn't angry even though he knew he sounded that way. John was scared. His flatmate had been more attentive of late and it had made him go from pleased, to nervous, to petrified. Why was Sherlock being so… so… so nice?
I take a tentative bite of the proffered food. It's dry and thoroughly unpalatable, but I suppose it's better than starving.
"Look, it's been a long time since he's had anyone he could call a friend. He probably doesn't even know how to be a friend, let alone have one. Be patient with him. Meanwhile, maybe I'll talk to him... discreetly, of course."
"Yes Gregory. You as well. You must mean it as well."
"We were with Irene... Miss Adler..." I'm at a loss to explain further
"I was just flirting with him. It was harmless."
"That sounds miserable." I frown and look up at the sky. "If only the cloud cover would burn off - then we would have a better chance of finding our way back." I shove my hands into my pockets in an attempt to keep them warm and come across a crumbled piece of paper in one of the pockets. I pull it out and unfold it, reading the letter Mycroft wrote.
"He very much liked the biscuits. Did he talk you into asking Sherlock to make more?"
"I... well... all right, I guess." I hesitantly start to undress. I can't believe I'm doing this. Mycroft would be mortified. Hell, I'm mortified. I can't believe I'm getting naked with a man I hardly know... I'm going to huddle with him for warmth under a pile of clothing... I shake my head. "I keep my socks, right?"
After we walk for quite some time I see smoke from a chimney. There are a few smaller buildings around it, one is obviously a garden house.
I stare at him and determine it was the truth. "So instead you told me a half lie about it being during a sparring match." That may be forgivable. "Then why, when I did not take the money the next time, did you add it to my next total?"
I watch as the cool, calm, collected young man I know becomes a puddle of instant infatuation. I push him towards Lord Watson and step away once we've finished the queue.
Mycroft
Sherlock
"How are you frustrating? Besides running away... Or avoiding answering questions... Or... Never mind." I'll take this up with Mycroft later.
I softly kiss his neck, humming happily at the taste of his salty skin.
(2:35pm) *text to Mary* Hello Mary. Thought I'd see if you were free for dinner tonight. JW
I stop a few feet away from him to unbutton my shirt. "He's a grown man who knows how to turn on a radio." I decide to call his bluff. "But I -would- hate to defile his virgin ears. I'll just get myself off at home and meet you for dinner in an hour or so."
In this chapter, Ms. Bailey is played by MoonShineD
It's hard to tell by the light but it seems an hour, maybe two, passed before I returned back with two rabbits. "Sherlock?" I call out to him when I'm only a few meters away. "I caught two rab---"
Mycroft
"Why do you care? Why would my eating be part of your price? I guarantee I will be able to fill your needs despite what I do or do not drink or eat." Why does he care? No one's cared before and no one should care now.
"It's ok if he's cheating. I encourage it. He says we're 'polyamorous'. I say we are allowed to cheat. Potato / Zucchini."  I pour my empty cup over my mouth sadly. I look at Martha Dear in hope.
I pull him down into a rough kiss, wrapping my arm tightly around his waist as I stand up, turn, and set him on the rocky ledge where I'd been sitting, before pulling away. I slide onto his lap. "Are you?" I whisper in his ear.
I woke up to the dawn light coming into the cave. After gently moving the octopus named Sherlock, I went out to see what I could find nearby. Thankfully we weren't far from a river and there were plenty of dry branches that had been sheltered from the snow. By the time Sherlock woke up I had started a fire.
I look from Myc to John and back. "Not my story to tell. You'll just have to find out ‘bout your new relations like any other in-law would."
I push my bedroom door open with the tip of the umbrella, peeking in around the edge of the door. I scowl - my beautiful lace shower curtain is strewn across the floor just inside. I step over it, and creep into the room, to find my brother's tell-tale dark curls sticking out from under the duvet. "SHERLOCK! What the hell are you doing in my bed?"
I shove one in my pocket for later. "For the Mask Ball duh. Everyone's going. Open to the public. It's why I've been so busy I couldn't visit these last few months."
Sherlock
Mycroft
"Knife?" I hand him the only somewhat ornamental dagger at my side.  "It would be easier to eat without a mask."
I head back out front, hailing a cab and having him take me to the address Mycroft gave me, where I see John just as he is leaving the building. "Well?" I ask excitedly as I jump out of the cab. This time, I remember to toss a few bills at the cabbie before I leave his care.
Mycroft
I try to hold back as long as possible to make this experience last. The moment he presses on my taint, which makes the plug press my prostate, I lose the fight. My balls tighten up and my legs go and I cum so hard I see stars.
"Call me Joh---" When Mycs 'little brother' stands up I see instantly who it is. "William?"
"A month ago, I believe.”  There's something important about that piece of information that's been nagging at me. "Why?"
"Some outdoorsman you are.... Armillaria mellea is a type of mushroom... commonly known as honey fungus. Sadly, it's not edible without a lot of preparation, so I didn't harvest any. But it was an interesting specimen." I shrug as I flop on the rocks by the fire, warming my feet.
I hear a rustling coming from a a few feet away, and I freeze. It's so dark I can't make out what is making the sound. I start to sit up, and groan - sleeping on the cold, hard ground has made me stiff and sore.
I reach over for the lube I set down earlier. It's a warming kind that we rarely use because Sebby says he gets irritated from the heat of it. I squirt a generous portion into my palm before I wrap my hand around his gorgeous cock and stroke slowly. The cock ring has done its job well. The lube is slightly diluted by the amount of precum he's leaking.
"Hello. Can I come in?" I push my way in and shut the door just as I hear someone shout 'hey!'. When I turn around I see the back end of the person who opened the door. Assuming they were heading towards a phone, to rightly call the Police on an intruder, I follow behind them. "I'm safe. I swear. I didn't mean to startle you, but I couldn't be outside any longer."
"Maybe she's off doing the shopping. It seems she's out of eggs. And milk." I say around my mouthful of biscuits while looking in the refrigerator. "Check and see if her car keys are still in the basket by the door, John.
In this chapter, the guard Eric is played by StraightShooter (MsLadySmith)
"I can't believe you notice a difference in my sleep patterns based on weather." I roll over and on to him and start kissing him all over his face.
Mycroft
I turn off my phone, grab my keys, and head out on a drive through the country side.
I smile as I take his cup from him, and pour him another cup of tea - a mint tea this time.
I look off into the distance a bit. "No. No one from nowhere is looking for me." I take some of the kindling I'd been keeping dry in my pocket and start the fire. "I'll go wash up first while you keep an eye out." I walk down the stream just long enough to be out of sight. I wash my hands and take a few sips of the frigid water. The reflection of the man in the water looks old and used up. I feel a lot older than my twenty and six years.
(7:28p) *text to SH* What happened? JW
I jump up off the bench.
I smile at the space that is obviously meant for me to occupy and crawl into it. The air is heady with the smell of plumeria. "Would you like to cuddle up into me? Like the first night, remember, I woke up thinking I had been stolen by an octodragon of some sorts with all these arms and legs squishing into me." I think the few nights we've spent holding each other are the best night’s sleep I've ever had.
"Very much so." My voice rumbles as my clothing joins his on the bedroom floor. I climb onto the bed, almost cat-like in my movements, until I am straddling his thighs, my lips brushing his collar bone.
"Out of curiosity. Would Phoenixes eat Hedgehogs?" I can feel his smile and exasperated huff.
"But... what..." I sputter as Greg drags me out of the bedroom.
"It's just seemed like a much more delicate procedure than what you're doing. Your method seems more... hack and slash, I guess." I watch carefully. "But certainly efficient." I attempt his method on the carcass in front of me, but the dullness of my blade hampers my progress.
I am about to respond to that when his hand wraps around my cock loosely. I can't help it - my hip thrusts again him of its own volition.
Irene
"Don't you dare. He didn't fight for you so don't you dare miss him." If only he would have cared enough to fight.
Irene
"In have other friends but they're not as fun as Lock. I have my very own goldfish, his name is Seb, you should meet him. I'll have him come over for dinner tonight. Won't that be fun?" I text Seb a note about dinner and to bring the good wine. "And I have Eurus but she's... She's not always there one might say."
Mycroft
I huff. "Of course not. I only do highly intelligent things." I grin as I take his hand and give it a squeeze. The cab pulls up to St. Bart's and I jump out quickly, heading toward the morgue.
A few minutes go by with no movement on his part. Then a few minutes more. Then a few more. "Fine! You win!" Finally, he looks at me. "You want us to go miles in the wrong direction just to prove to you there is no smoke? Fine."
Sherlock
I chuckle. "You thought I was scrawny? Your eyes must have been playing tricks on you, with all that reading you do."
The look on his face is pure bliss. He moves slowly, gently. The feeling of fullness is positively divine. I reach up and cup his face in my hands, kissing his face softly.
Setting the paper on the table, I walk to the door. "Hello, Greg. Rough night, I take it?" I could see he was looking around to see if my brother was in the room. "He came home this morning and locked himself in his room with a jar of biscuits. Haven't seen him in hours. Come on in." I lead him into the kitchen and motion for him to take a seat at the table. "Want some tea? Or coffee?"
"Couldn't help but overhear..." I grab Johns flute and gulp it down. "John’s a rubbish dancer. Has three left feet. You though, seem to have a knack for it. Dance much?"
Mycroft
"Nonsense. I am no more blind than you are." I nuzzle softly against his neck. "Is it 'later' yet?"
"I know."
"Interesting. The balance of probability says you are more likely to get frustrated with me and leave. That's what usually happens, anyway. Though I admit, you've been around me longer than most.
I slowly come to a stop. "How am I torturing you babe?" I can almost feel the delicious bruises forming on my hips.
Sherlock
Mycroft
Mycroft
Thank you
I grab the racing form from her and look it over. "I recommend 'Napoleon's Gold' in the 3rd race. But not more than 20 quid." I hand her the racing form back. "Now, what do you know about your former tenant?"
I nod in agreement. "It would fool most people." Maybe even me at a quick glance. "So, where did he take her?"
Please locate this person's vehicle and path. We need to find them immediately.
"Who was I going to tell? You're the only one who knows I... do what I do." I have not quite been able to call myself what I am.
Mycroft
Mycroft
After checking the hare I pronounce it done enough. "What else did your books say about surviving extreme cold?"
"The pension isn't all that good. Maybe for a Colonel but not for a Captain." Why would he say Corporal? Makes no sense. "Maybe he was bored. Maybe he was looking for a change. Maybe he is secretly a spy. Who knows? Soldiers do weird things when they get back to Civilian life."
Mycroft
I nod and grab a pillow to put under his arse. "Do you want me to explain what I'm doing or just do it?"
I straddle him and put my hands on his chest. "Then ruin you I shall love." I align myself on top of his cock before I return to kissing his neck and tugging on his hair.
Mycroft
... and this is how we died...
His alabaster skin is perfectly enhanced by the beginning of dawn light. Even with a two-day shadow of a beard he still looks like a painting of an Angel I saw, once, long ago.
Sherlock
(3:07pm) *text to Billy* Do NOT forget the eyeballs this time. Fresh eyes are not easily obtainable. SH
I pat my mouth with my napkin before I stand up with my drink. "Lovely dinner. Thank you. Believe I'll go get the car now."
"I don't care. Get rid of him. Now."
"You'll be busy anyway. Besides, you'll be able to get so much more done in my absence. I've left you a list of some extra things you can take care of while I'm away..."
"Pfft. I suppose in your family, everyone has to work to stay afloat..."
"If you would just tell him, or Lord Watson, then all this fuss will be over with." I have to agree with him about his brother’s attitude making things difficult but Sherlock is just as stubborn.
"Hello, Mycroft. Thank you for your ever so spontaneous offer." I sneer at Sherlock for his meddling. "I was just talking to your dear brother about the Ball last night. Turns out Lord Watson was quite smitten by a particular guest, but no one knows who he really was or where he could be found."
I can see the way Martha and Sherlock are looking at each other like old hens in the roost. "Secrets are bad and sharing is caring. What are you two talking about?"
"And they do. And they will keep doing so when we put them on top of us tonight before sleep."
"And how does all that involve you? Was she your dealer? Did you kill her husband? Help her run from the law? What did you do, Sherlock?" I need to ask Greg if he can get his boyfriend’s file on Mrs. Hudson.
I raise an eyebrow at him. "Sometimes, Gregory, I believe you hide more truth in a jest than you are aware of."
I twirl my fingers and push pull them in and out a few times before I add more lube and attempt three fingers. I do a broad lick up the vein on the underside of his circumcised penis, followed by a few shallow dips of my tongue into the slit on the head. I'm not just trying to figure out what he likes but to keep him from focusing on any possible discomfort.
"Yes. You will." I stand where he can see me and stroke myself. "Hmm. Maybe, when I'm done taking care of you, I will take care of myself. Just let you watch."
Mycroft
"But, Martha... It was an accident. Ask them." I wave to Seb and Watson to come to my defense
"You remember Harry I'm sure. Her wife's a sweetheart. You'll get along with her just fine." Lock and Harry have the makings to be vinegar and baking soda. Fine on their own but when you mix the two... Boom.
"What were you thinking, brother?" I hiss.
I spent most the night dreaming of my brother. The guilt from taking him out and, worse, abandoning him is eating me alive. Literally. I've lost enough weight that none of my clothes fit properly and I rarely eat. It was not even two days before I went to where I had left him in the hope beyond hope that he was still alive. Instead of finding him or his corpse I found the remains of a campfire and animal bones. I believe in what's left of my heart that he is alive. I will find him. As dawn begins I leave Gregory’s bed and go make him tea with toast and jam. Usually the smell is enough to wake him.
Sherlock looked at him with a blank expression. "I didn't do anything but get you a tree like you asked."
Mycroft
"Afraid? No." Nervous, petrified, concerned, prepared for the worst. "I'm sure it will be palatable."
Mycroft
I press a little further until just the tip of my finger enters him. I palm the head of his penis while I wait for him to relax. Once I feel some pressure release I go in to my second knuckle then back to the first a few times.
"Seem pretty convinced bout yourself there. Mayhaps I was just gonna look at your luscious body and get myself off without you? What would you say to that?" I insert another finger with only minimal resistance so I deem myself ready. I take his hand away from his penis and position the head at my entry. In one breath I go from empty to him being bottomed out inside me.
Mycroft
"Sherlock was immature. It made sense to make me trustee of the estate until he was 25. As I said, they thought he would outgrow his ... issues. He has not, and I don't expect he will."
"NoPe. He got himself into that mess he can get himself out." I return the Sig to its spot behind my back. Seb sets his, one of the three I know he has on him, on the table. I roll my eyes and cross my arms.
This time I don't bother steadying my voice. I raise my head up to look over my shoulder at him. "13. Thank you, sir." Almost over... almost done I chant in my head.
I flinch a little when he shifts behind me to lay across my back. "Seven" I whisper as his arms curl around me, calming me. "I don't mean to misbehave..." I mumble.
Sherlock
Moran startles me when he tries to make small talk. It takes a moment for me to respond. "I wouldn't know. I haven't slept on the couch in C before. You should ask Sherlock." I happen to glance at Moriarty as a piece of potato flies off his plate and hits Mrs. Hudson's tea and spills all over Lock's lap.
"He's right Mrs Hudson." I shrug and go back to eating like Moran is across from me.
"I see. Well, I appreciate your assistance," I start looking around as thought I'm in search of something else.
Instead of picking the paddle up I decide to finish the rest bare-handed. Still nestled against him I do three hard whacks against the area where the thigh and groin connect.
Irene
Sherlock
"Well, I
"NoPe," I say it just like him. "I asked about renting a flat in the building, and he said Mrs. H was 'out', but that's all."
I at once terrified and desperate to have him inside me. I take a deep breath and slowly lower myself onto him. I feel Mycroft's lips trace over my jaw, whispering encouragement as I move, ever so slowly.
"Good night, Jimmy. I'm sure your man will be home soon enough." I smile as I head upstairs to my room.
"You must rid yourself of his company and find someone more suitable. Immediately."
I settle on his side and lay my head on his chest. I play with the hair as he rubs his hand up and down my back. Now is definitely the best tines to ask my favor. "Gregory?"
I give Sherlock a playful shove on the shoulder. "Do pay attention dear. Jimmy here picked me up just after 4pm. We discussed a small wager on when you and John would come to 'rescue' me at 6:30pm. Jim said, and I quote, 'If they are here within the next 48 hours, you win.'" I sit back in my chair, arms crossed. "I believe I won."
John, still stubbornly focused on Sherlock's overall motive, misunderstood and thought that Sherlock meant he was
My mind is whirling. "If you come to me not because you need the work, then..." I look at him, a glimmer of hope in my eyes.
"Yeah yeah yeah. Stop your dancing, you pretty wanker and help me up this branch. I'll climb up and see what it is." He stops his dancing long enough to help me get up the first branch. I climb about as high as it's safe to and look around. Sure enough there is a small cabin, made of pine no doubt, with a bit of smoke coming out a chimney.
"You are a witch. You've drugged us each in turn, trying to use us for your own benefit. You almost had John..."
Irene
I see Sebastian as he walks past the kitchen window, and hurry to the back door. I fling it open, one hand on my hip, a lunch bag in the other, and a stern look on my face. "Your lunch, young man. I went to all the trouble to make it... the least you could do is take it with you."
"It was meant as a joke. He's not actually a spy. Who, besides your brother, would want to spy on you? No one."
Sherlock
"You’re incorrigible." I step into his space so we are flush against each other. My attraction for him makes itself known as run my thumbs along his hip bones.
(2:40pm) *text to Mary* This is John btw. We met at the pub last night. JW
We both start walking around the area looking for decent lodging. "There's a fallen tree over here." He shows up to where I am to see what I'm talking about. "Probably got knocked down years ago. Looks like it's got a perfect hollow spot just big enough for the two of us. We'll have to clear it out first." I reach in and pull out old leaves, animal bones, and various forest debris. "This will be perfect. Go gather tinder and I'll go set a trap." My hunting earlier had no results.
(7pm) *text to JW* Are there people who routinely ask for dead bodies from you? I pay well and am always looking for fresh cadavers. SH
"I didn't want to make you choose."
I look him right in the eye. "6:30." I say sternly, my hands on my hips. "Or do you really need to cheat to win?"
“Dinner. You know, restaurant, food, maybe some wine. Talk to him.
"As it happens, I think the phoenix is quite appropriate for me. But if I had to choose another, I think I would be a dragon - ancient and wise."
"I might question your visual acuity, actually." I laugh. "Or perhaps wonder if you'd ever seen yourself in a mirror." I shiver as his fingers dance up my inner thighs.
"Never mind my love. It is a foolish notion." I put the ring back on my thumb where it will stay for the rest of its existence.
Sherlock
Mycroft
I stop moving and squint at him. "Are -you- telling -me- what to do?"
I glare at John. "No, you sleep on the sofa. You need to keep your ankle elevated."
Sherlock
(3pm) *text to not Mary* What makes you think I'm needy? JW
Sherlock
"Yeah. Your boys." I had almost forgotten that this wonderful lady was under Sherlock’s spell. "Tell me, Martha, if I may call you Martha, tell me, do your boys ever take care of you?"
"No matter. Not in the cards for me anymore." I get up, wanting to exit this conversation more than anything. I walk over and check Daisy's ties, making sure she's secured for the night.
"One moment!" I holler down the stairs, quickly wiping my hands on my apron as I hurry down the stairs to the front door.
"Mmm... that's perfect..." I breathe. "Almost there..." I comb my fingers into his hair shakily.
Dare I ask why?
Mycroft
Mycroft
"Yes, I do. Be gentle... obviously, this is something I've never done..." I kiss his jaw softly.
"It seems the man you spoke with was not a former corporal, but a retired colonel. Colonel Sebastian Moran. Ever heard of him?"
"There will be a bed set up in the parlour." I reply firmly. Then in a quieter voice, "I don't police whether it's been slept in, though." With a knowing grin, I turn to leave the room. I stop in the doorway. "Welcome to the family, William."
"You can't be serious. You want to marry my brother?"
"Mind the kettle, John. I'll answer it." I walk swiftly to the main door.
"What are you on about?" I start searching the kitchen for biscuits he's always got stashed somewhere.
“Hold on, love.  It’s late.  I don’t want to go barging into a crime scene in the middle of the night.”
ForFuckSakeGodDamnItImGoingToKILLHim. Sherlock passes me and skedadles over to the kitchen door. I make hand motions to move. When that doesn't work I whisper, "move." If he doesn't get us killed I will kill him myself. Kill him dead. I swear.
"So close." That warm, tingly, almost have to pee sensation starts in my gut. "So good. Close."
I laugh as he relieves the waiter of the tray, and we head down a quiet hallway, finally taking a seat in a small parlour. We both help ourselves to a few finger sandwiches.
"Thank you, sir." I reply with a smile, taking the beer and a peach off the counter.
"The help books will do out here is kindling." Judging that it's been at least two hours I decide I'll go check the traps. "Finish up these branches and grab some more til we got a decent size pile. I'll be back soon."
Sherlock
"I never expected to be in the woods," I snarl.
"That's a lie John. You've asked me to do many things."
Sherlock
Sherlock
"I think that would be best. Please do."
"William. I like it. Basic, sweet, and not at all pompous like my middle name." I look around trying to come up with something to say that doesn't make me look like the complete fool I am. "I'm a Doctor too. I mean not that you're a Doctor—you could be, but I wouldn't know. I mean like I'm a Doctor as well as being a Soldier." I'm grateful that the stupid mask has one good use, hiding my blush. "I'm an idiot."
"Exactly."
I continue teasing him. "That will do... for starters." Before he has a chance to respond, I take him all the way, swallowing around him.
In an attempt to stretch out the experience I turn us again so he's on top. I thrust up into him in counterpoint to his rocking.
I give him a big wet kiss on both cheeks. "Love you too Locky." I saunter back into the living room with my sweet gains hidden under my vest. "Mycie, Mycie, Mycie. Always working. Do you ever play?" I see that the box hasn't even been touched. "Go on. Open it. Try it on. Just like all my masks it will only fit one person."
I smile as I ever so slowly lower myself down a third of the way. "Maybe." I lower most of the way then stop. "Maybe not."
I let Mycroft get a few more steps ahead, and try to keep Daisy from harassing him so much.
"Being there isn't the same as being there for you. They only realised you were missing an hour ago. I had to send them a note." How dreadful such a smart lady is fooled into thinking Sherlock cares. "He probably only noticed you missing when his daily biscuits didn't magically appear."
"Well," I reach over as soon as he sets down his cup and pour more tea into it for him. "You can start by talking to poor Sebastian."
I'm itching to just grab his hips and pull him down, but I know there'd be hell to pay if I did. "Please, Jim..." I growl, curling my fingers into the sheets.
"Hey.. hey now..." I move quickly to gather him onto my arms as his knees buckle, lowering him gently to the ground. He's overcome with relief, apparently. I fervently hope I've not just given him false hope.
I slam shut one suitcase and grab another hoping to find where my service holster has gotten to. "You wanted to throw me a party so I could find someone I wanted to spend my life with. I did just that. But that wasn't good enough for you, was it? No. Never is." It was later confirmed by a giggling waiter that William heard everything and I must presume he left because of what Mum said.
"Ta." As I walk away I almost bump into Greg coming in. "Any contenders yet?"
"I've made tea. Come get some." I smile at him. He's so used to taking care of me that the very idea I can do things for myself - and for him - is foreign to him.
Sherlock
"Do you grow the chamomile yourself?" I ask our hostess politely as she pours the tea through a strainer into a cup for John. I hand him the warm mug.
"Can you see anything?" I call up the tree excitedly.
I take a quick walk around the outside of the cave but he's nowhere to be found. "Sherlock?" I listen but there's no response. "SHERLOCK!!" Still no response. I only hope the daft fool didn't try to walk home.
I scowl at Sherlock briefly. "You'll be heading Security. I'll be in charge of weeding out the obvious phoneys. Heard they let one guy in who was shorter than Lord Watson himself and twice as round. Guess they figure I'll be able to eye ball who it can't be easier than who they've got doing it."
Mycroft
I turn to face him, resting my hands on his waist. "I can tell you care about me, too." I move closer to him and kiss him lightly on the cheek.
Knowing if I get close to the bastard I'm likely to punch him I decide instead to trust Lock. "Stay in sight. Know this Mycroft Holmes: if you try anything, --anything--, your death will be slow and painful"
I turn my head and suck his fingertip into my mouth. His eyes go wide and his breath catches. When I stop his mouth falls open a bit and he blinks a few times. "You are adorable." I retake his hand and kiss the knuckles. "What did she say? Share with me."
Uh oh. "What, Greg? For the last time, I'm not going out with you..."
I grab him tightly and squeeze. I'll ignore his brother losing him comment for now. "Ya well good for you I know the benefits of keeping a posh git nearby. For example, there's not enough meat on your bones to eat but they'd make proper kindling."
"You think I'm sexy do you? We should see if there's an eye doctor in town. All that reading has made you blind." I'm a short, scarred up, former soldier.
I chuckle. I love being right, but I don't want to rub it in... it would only annoy him. Again, I step in front of him and crouch down, and he hobbles over and puts his arms around my neck. I grab hold of his legs and hoist him onto my back. "All right, then - this direction, right?" I start back in the right direction.
"Maybe some other time?"
I think for a moment, trying to remember the bits of conversation I'd heard. "No, he didn't agree with her, per se, but he also didn't argue, at least not very well. It seemed like I was more a problem for her than for him, though." I touch my fingers to my lips for a moment, daydreaming about how soft his lips were when he kissed me. "I think I will miss him, if he leaves."
"You think I didn't notice you ten years ago?" Foolish man. I must have hid my crush better than Sherlock accused me of.
I roll over and practically lay on top of him and hide my face in his neck. "Gods no you did nothing wrong. It was my fault. You were just so... Fuck. Just couldn't hold back any longer. The way you looked and that I made you feel so good. Just. I'm sorry."
"But I thought you loved me?" I grab my clothes and tug them on.
"I don't know who bought every mask. I make them and have staff to sell them. I've already checked the records and there isn't one." I shrug. "Came by to get a break from the press at my door."
I roll my head back, giving him better access to my neck, and grab his arse roughly, grinding our hips together.
"Yes, I insist. I may be slow in most things, but I think I have the edge on you in tracking someone." I whisper in his ear. "Now go to sleep."
I watch him as he pokes at the fire. "I suppose I could. Been a long time since... since I've had a chance to visit any of the estates." 'Visiting' isn't exactly what I was doing at the Smallwood Estate, after all.
"Later, Irene. He and I need to talk." I pull him into her room and sit his pliable body on the bed. He seems to have stopped reacting to anything.
I sigh heavily. "The original story Red Riding Hood was written by Charles Perrault in the 17th century. Now, given how you described our Sebastian as blond-haired and blue-eyed, one would typically think him more of Scandinavian origin, yes?" I wait a moment for John's attention. "The Swedish translation of Charles is Kalle, pronounced KAH-le, much as you say he pronounced it."
I formulate a plan - but I can't share it with John. "Stick to water for now, yes." We walk slowly back into the cabin, where Irene sits by the fire.
"I'm 20. Why do you ask?"
I chuckle to myself, then lick up his length. "Me? Teasing? Of course not." I take him in my mouth and suckle gently.
I take Sherlock into my arms and rub my hands briskly up his sides to help him warm up. "You’re bloody freezing."
"Why do you want to call me---" I fear I may be asking too much of him. "Why do you think I'm important?"
I glare at Sherlock, hoping I am adequately conveying my desire to strangle him with his apron strings. "Erm... yes. Gregory, would you like to have dinner with me this evening?"
Sherlock
"I thought we were trying to find your brother... I was trying to stay on his trail as much as we could." I shrug off my clothes, laying them carefully on the blankets, then slip slowly into the hot spring with a sigh. "This is delicious, Mycroft... join me."
"Why? Because you've succeeded in embarrassing the family? Look at this one - 'WAR HERO WALTZ - At last night's masquerade ball, Lord Watson's time on the dance floor was monopolized by a certain unknown gentleman. Requests for more information about this mystery man have not been answered, but rumor has it, he is a commoner from a neighboring village.'" I roll my eyes at him. "People are going to talk, John."
I try the door, only to find it locked. I walk down the hall to my daughter's room. Rather than knock, since I'm sure a knock on her door will do nothing to wake her from her typical drunken stupor, I just open the door (thank goodness she is also lax with locking doors when inebriated) and walk into her room. "Harriet!" I holler at her loudly. The mass of blankets on the bed growls and shifts, but I get no other response from it. Then I see John standing in the bathroom door.
Mycroft
I take a shower and wank off before slipping into my bed. "Good night, Mycie, and good bye."
"Things will be tight for a while I suppose. Good thing we live close enough we can carpool to work." I let go of the stick and place my hand on his thigh. "We'll take turns driving." My pinky reaches just far enough to brush the outline of his cock.
Mycroft
I grin at the idea that Mycroft has had a schoolboy crush on my for so long. "I'm flattered to have even been noticed, to be honest."
"Mmmm yes but later." We both yawn and settle into what promises to be a good night’s sleep.
Sherlock
"You’re still thinking. Hmm I must be doing something wrong." I grab the oil, that now lives in easy reach under the pillow, and put a dollop on my palm. I stroke his shaft a few times before I let it go and grab my own. "I wonder what is the best way to get that brilliant brain of your to stop."
"Those bones were fresh when I returned." Gods I wish I could take a small sip to ease the painful thoughts. "Have you been this way often? Is there a place he would be most likely to go?"
In this chapter, Irene is played by MoonShineD
(6:56pm) *text to SH* I'm well aware. I spoke to a DI and he explained you are a Consultant for NSY. Sorry about the inconvenience but it's my duty to report random people asking me for cadavers. JW
I laugh at his jaded but often correct deduction. "Maybe he isn't some married jack off. Maybe he's a young man looking for love but afraid now that he's possible found it."
I set the lotion and drink on the nightstand. "Now. Like I said earlier, I want to have sex. I was going to let you fuck me but now I think I'll use you as my very own toy instead. A life size Sebby Doll. Doesn't that sound wonderful?"
I have a moment of panic. I wasn't paying attention! "That's... um... nine?"
"Hmm. If it was my sister I would." As we head down the hall I point out which doors lead to who's suites. "And this, my love, is ours." I open the door to a three-room suite with deluxe en suite.
I roll my hips astride him, his cock rubbing against all the right places inside me. I press his hands to my hips, letting him guide my movements. If I had the presence of mind, I'd realize that my movements are exactly what he has done when astride me. And the sounds he's making are much like my own.
To make sure I get the answer I want I will have to sleep here tonight instead of returning to my own room.
Sherlock
I bolt upright. "Crap. Sherlock. Sorry." In my haste to scramble off of him I end up knocking my head a bit against his chin. "Crap, again. Sorry, again."
Sherlock
"Yeah. Sounds simple enough. Straight forward and such." I nod along with his explanation. "You really ought to thank your brother sometime for all the help he gives you." It takes about a heartbeat before we both start laughing. "Don't fret my love. I know if you didn't tell him where to look he would still be searching the Queen's attic."
"At this point, we have nothing. No idea is stupid, John... who does he remind you of?"
Mycroft
I grimace, pushing his hands away from my belly a little. "No, I have. Used to have a flat, washboard stomach. Not so much, anymore." I grab his wrists, and with a twist of my hips, manage to pin him beneath me, his hands pinned to his sides. I grind my hips against his with a grin as he squirms weakly to try to get free of me.
Mycroft
"Nah. I'll take care of that Princess myself." I finally take pity on him and eye the biscuits wantonly. "A few of those would go a long ways. You always make the best sweets."
I reach over and put a hand softly on his shoulder. "So you started... selling yourself... to help your brother. I bet you kept it a closely guarded secret, right? I know I... would, if I did that." I only hoped the firelight hides the crimson in my cheeks.
"Surprisingly tasty." I mumble between bites. "I don't think I've ever had rabbit prepared this way before. My brother always drowns it in gravy. "
"What do you mean, not pay you?" I ask carefully. "If I'm not paying you, why would you spend time on me?"
I snarl darkly, but agree to John's insane plan. "Fine. But stay out of my laboratory, Moriarty.
"You two just lifted a HUGE weight off my shoulders." I smack the table top jovially. "Well, I need to be getting back - let Lady Watson know her staffing issues are handled. We'll see you tomorrow morning, then? Bright and early, if you please." With that, I shake both their hands and pay for all our drinks, and head back.
Sherlock
He's driving me crazy, holding still as he is. "Put that wicked tongue of yours to good use..."
I catch up to him rather rapidly, as he's taken a fall. I rush up to him, take a look at him to make sure nothing's broken, but aside from a small cut on his head and the fact he's unconscious - either from the fall or because he stubbornly refuses to eat - I deem it safe enough to scoop him into my arms and take him back to the cave with me, settling him on the sleeping mat. I sit at the mouth of the cave, tending the fire, and thinking.
"IF you found him, IF he'd return, IF you could convince him to forgive all of us, IF you could talk him into giving me another chance...? If all those IFs happened...?" What would I do... I think about it for a moment and picture peaches, puzzles, and loads of pets. "IF all that happened? I'd stay right here and spend my life making up for all the sadness I saw in his eyes."
"Better." I grab the ends of the sash and twirl my hands so the sash starts getting tighter and I have more control of his movements. By the time my wrists are next to his ears it would be almost impossible for him to hear or see anything. I even control his movements. The only thing I cannot control is his mouth, the suction, or his tongue. I push his head down til the head of my cock reaches the back of my throat. I hold him there til he swallows around me to take even more in. When I let him go he lifts his head up quickly to take in deep breaths of air.
(3:31am) *text to idiot phone finder* The person who you entrusted my phone to. The blonde cashier. Are you normally this slow witted? SH
Mycroft
I almost choke on my beer. "Yeah. I might be able to do that. But what about after? Is it a one job thing or are we looking at a regular position?"
I cough. "Oh, that would be a horrible thing to do to him... I can't do that to him."
Sherlock
"You won't find any biscuits, if that's what you're looking for. Mycroft's nursing his broken heart with them, and I advise against taking any from him directly." I chuckle. "I overheard a conversation between John, his mother, and his sister. Seems his mother was quite annoyed at his decision to spend all his time with me - some unknown. She really laid into him. I left shortly after that, to save him the embarrassment of having to avoid me the rest of the night."
"I hear that's one of my better traits." I grin up at him as he pulls me close. I press my hips against his with a growl - he is as hard as I am. I reach up and pull his lips to mine possessively.
Yeah IF we did we would call him beautiful.
The kiss becomes passionate but sloppy as I'm lost tasting him and being engulfed by him. It seems to take forever before I finally bottom out. I hold my position and regretfully end our kiss so I can lean up for better leverage.
"Mycroft Holmes' younger brother."
"How delightful. Thank him for us, would you?" I look over at John, positively sulking by the window. "John, have some biscuits."
Sherlock
"My friend here has a minor sprain, I think. Nothing a bit of rest can't help heal." I help John hobble to the garden fence, which he then leans on for support, so I can release him. "I have to ask, what is it that you could possibly be growing this time of year?" I look curiously at the garden plot.
I pour some oil onto my hand before I grab his shaft then my own. My average length is small when compared to his. I then return to grinding against him.
Sherlock
"I do suppose I'm a bit underdressed at the moment," I grin. "Come upstairs and you may select appropriate clothing for me."
"NoPe."
I read over the note again. "Useless!" I huff, tossing it onto the coffee table. "Red Riding Hood went to her grandmother's house. She didn't kidnap her grandmother and disappear into London with her!"
Sherlock
"Looks like it wasn't used much at all. Honestly I don't think anyone lives here at all." I follow him up the stairs and bump into him when he suddenly stops in the open doorway. "What is it?" I whisper and pull out my gu--- phone.
"Mycroft being in charge of anything does not make me feel better." Worse will be dealing with a Sherlock tantrum if Mycroft solves this case before him.
I sit down next to him with my back against the wall. "When you grow up in the country you see a lot of naked things, people. When I went to the army I saw even more. There's no room for privacy when your life, or you next meal, is on the line. You don't have anything I haven't seen or got myself. No reason to be shy, ok?" I take a quick look at him and ... I was wrong. So wrong. He has no reason to be ashamed but for a much different reason.
"We will discuss it further in the morning, if that's all right."
His words make me laugh. "Got it. No Doctor Watson. So I'll tell you what I'm going to do right before I do it but no narrative." My thumbs are stroking his knuckles and I can't stop thinking how did I get so lucky as to find him. Not just once, but twice. "I'll trust you to tell me if you need me to stop or slow down or if you just don't like something I'm doing." He nods an agreement. "I also -need- you to tell me when I do something you very much like. Will you do that love?"
"Couch! Forever! Moran!" Ugh. It's so hard to get good pets now days. "Least it was your fishy who ran away first."
John is still sound asleep. I curl up beside him. "John," I whisper to him, so Irene can't hear me. "I think you were right about her, John. I don't think we should trust her." I nuzzle into his neck.
"That sounds like a perfectly good compromise, John. What do you think, Sherlock? Jim? Will you two behave long enough to do that?"
"All right." He spreads his jacket out, and I climb into the hollow on top of it.
"You can't grow herbs in a town? Isn't it a bit dangerous out here for a woman alone?" Ms--- Irene starts to make some tea as the poultice starts doing its job. "Oh... Oh! That's nice. It’s getting warm."
Without thinking, I wrap my legs around his waist as he shifts over me, the new position letting him thrust deeper than before. I gasp loudly with every stroke.
I hit my forehead with my hand. "Sherlock... Just because he lied about his rank doesn't mean... Oh. I am an idiot. The brand! Sherlock, the brand! It was a wolf. Remind you of anything?"
John blinked several times but did nothing else.
Irene
I set my bag on Irene's chair to her to figure out what I'd found, and let John pull me into the bedroom. He sits next to me on the bed, and I curl up against him. "It seems like forever since I saw my brother."
"It's the nature of my job and you know it. Sometimes the wheels of diplomacy need to be greased..."
"You have me. However you want. Just tell me how." I run my hands up and down his sides. There's too many ways that request could be construed for me to hazard a guess.
I peel back the skin and almost comb the meat from the fine bones of the fish using a fork, taking small bites and chewing carefully, so I don't miss any of the smaller bones. The few I find in my mouth I carefully remove and set on the plate, but for the most part, I'm able to avoid them.
(3:06pm) *text to Billy* The body is ready. Bring it right up when you get here. SH
Mycroft
Sherlock
"I wouldn't say unimportant. Perhaps not foremost in their minds, yes, but not unimportant." I nod. "This seems to bother you far more than me, dearie."
"His bathroom is the size of your bedroom." I bite my tongue to stop from asking questions about Mycroft and how he acts towards his younger brother. We can, and will, discuss it later. "Set the water to your preferred temp. I like my showers quite a bit on the hot side." Just having him in there with me will make it hot.
"Whatever." I watch him open the email from Anthea and scroll through the CCTV "Is that us? I look hideous in that green jumper. Why didn't you say anything?" He, of course, is as beautiful as always.
I whimper as he squeezes me, them grab his wrist and pull his hand away. I look him in the eye carefully. "Suck me off, Mycroft." I trace my fingers lightly over his lips. "I want to see those gorgeous lips wrapped around my cock. Now."
I grin at John. "Seems our delivery man wasn't exactly who he said he was - you were right."
(4:15am) *text to Shit Head* If you know then why did you say you don't care for Blondes? JW
My patience expired when he blew up the tea pot. Tell me you have a plate number by now. It’s been 6 hours since he asked for one. JH
"You're an idiot." I pull him in to a hug. "I never thought I'd see you again. And then, the thing with all the fakes up at the Castle, and biscuits, and you're Mycroft’s little brother, and, wait." I let him go and back up a few steps. "You know about what's going on at the Castle, yeah?"
Second Verse
"Harry. Harriette Watson. And you are...?"
I hesitate, but take off my jacket, laying it out beside his. "Why are you taking off more clothes? The layers are supposed to keep you from becoming hypothermic..." I ask curiously.
"Erm, Holmes. Sherlock Holmes." I shake his hand briefly, then look around. "Do you know where they keep milk in this place? It's been years since I've done any shopping..."
Mycroft
I look at the guard, fairly shocked by what he's just said. "Let me consider. If I've not come to you by mid-day tomorrow, I suggest you leave, before the owner of this land finds you." I motion to John that we should continue with our task, ignoring the guard as he turns and walks back in the direction of his camp.
"I can certainly try, Captain."
"Let’s continue." I tug Daisy’s rein to get her started walking again. "What do you think we'll find?'
"You're in charge, sir," I say quietly, shivering as he wraps the sash across my eyes. The way he wraps it is effective as a blindfold, with the added bonus of muffling the sounds around me, too.
"Sometimes something can seem so simple but it’s still hard to make yourself take that first step." I tug a bit more until I feel his boots hit the tips of mine. "Sometimes you just need a bit of help, or encouragement." As if we were still dancing I twirl him so that his back is against the wall and the curtain behind me. "Sometimes you need a nudge." I feel my way up to his face with my hands. Hoping that in the dark he will be less resistant to me moving his mask I take a chance and slip it up bit by bit. Though its not completely dark there is not enough light that I would be able to see any of his features. I pull my own mask completely off once his is resting on his hair. "Sometimes... Sometimes all someone needs is permission."
"I'm leaving." Sherlock adjusted his scarf.
John blinked several times but did nothing else.
Sherlock
"Oh, he gets annoyed when I bother him with such things during the day." I reach for a small container of the full-fat milk. "I'm sure this will do." I make a show of looking over the labels. "I don't understand why he likes milk in his tea, either, but he insists on it." I shrug.
"Don't be silly, John. How dangerous can a single woman be?" I roll my eyes at him. She looks harmless enough, and as we enter her cabin, I can see that she has bundles of various herbs hanging to dry... some medicinal, some culinary... and a few I can't identify.
"Remember that night that you asked me to suck you off instead of riding you? Remember how you kept asking if I could breathe because you thought you were choking me?"
(((End Dream)))
I wink at Seb. "NoPe. Sebby talked to them. Seemed they think you went visiting or something. Even took Seb’s info if they decide to rent out your flat." I look from her to Sebby. "Isn't that right? They took your name and number after you mentions wanting to let a room."
I move along with the crowd, and eventually find myself almost within arms reach of that gorgeous specimen of manhood. Suddenly, I'm jolted back into reality when I see a tall man wearing a red ferret mask shaking Lord Watson's hand, leaning in to say something in his ear which makes what's visible of his cheeks turn a vibrant pink.
I see Lord Watson approach, a look of shock on his face. "My Lord," I bow my head curtly. "I should have security straightened out shortly." He stares at me blankly. "Erm... is there a problem?"
"But Mummy's dead now. At least, that's what guard told us." I have no reason to distrust the man. "And my brother wouldn't have sent someone looking for me if he really wanted me dead...  And besides, if you come with me, you'd be there to protect me, if I'm wrong." I plead with my eyes.
I return and hand him the tea cup, and settle myself in his lap.
"Why do you hate me?" I claw my way out of the bed and go straight to the shower. "If you don't hate me I'll take a cup of caffeine as proof."
Mycroft
"No. No no no no no. Absolutely not. No." I shake my head vehemently. "Not happening."
"Uh huh. Let me know if you change your shirt-- er I mean mind. Let me know if you change your mind."
I follow along behind John, trudging through the snow that's knee-deep in a few places. I stop a few times to look at some interesting moss growths on trees, only to be interrupted by a grumpy voice telling me to 'Keep up!' I suppose if I lose sight of him, I would be well and truly lost, so I do my best (while still stealing moments to gather samples of interesting things and tucking them into my pockets).
"I'll miss this."
"Seb. SebSebSebSebby. I'm so close. Fuck me baby. Louder." Maybe it's his quietness after the yelling from earlier. Ohhhh or the Sir. I like it when he says Sir.
"There's that attitude again. It’s not always all about you, Mr. Holmes. Or diplomacy." He still isn't getting it. I reposition myself so my feet are flat on the bed and both hands are on the head board. In this new stance I can pull my body onto his penis hard and fast and as deep as momentum allows. I use his cock for my ultimate pleasure.
I laugh. "Kat hates that name. I called her that the first time I met her - she set me straight right quick." Holy Hell, the guy is quizzing me... he doesn't trust me at all. Smart guy.
Irene
"No. No no no. I was trying to reciprocate." I grab him from behind and curl on to him as much as possible. "I like darling. Not so much when you refer it to Daisy." I start to kiss his neck and scratch my mild scruff against him.
My jaw drops as Lock says he knows nothing about this. Nothing! "Have you been under a rock for the last three months?? Everyone's talking ‘bout it. It's tomorrow afternoon. How could you not know?" Mycroft! "I'm gonna go give him a piece of my mind. That bloody wanker. I'll take back the mask and return the money."
"I wasn't asking you to dinner HERE, Greg. Let's go to the restaurant down the road. My treat." I smile hopefully.
that's him. A bit older now but that's definitely him. JW
Irene
Oh shut up self.
"Just curious." My heart, and I do have one, sinks a bit knowing he calls others by the same names. "Yes, I believe the cliff is where you said." His wrists rest on my thigh cause a conditioned response that will hopefully not become apparent.
Greg comes back and sits down. "As my PR Manager, and hopefully friend, is there anything about my future husband and his family I should know about?"
"Sorry... did I wake you?"
"Of course not... do you think I should? I look at the bottle, somewhat alarmed. "She said it was harmless when we made it..."
"Mum. I--"
Sherlock paces continuously from the time he finishes talking to his brother until his phone pings. He grabs my computer to read it. "Let me put in the password. It's a hard one this time." It seems in the short time I've been here we have developed a few games of our own. One being that I will come up with a password that he won't be able to crack.
I chuckle to myself innocently. "Oh, he was far redder than that when he found me in the kitchen this morning," I smile at him. "Somehow, I think I might have slipped his mind."
crowds, Greg. Of course I didn't think he would be at the ball. Hell, I didn't think he'd WANT to be there." I look into my tea. "I didn't tell him about it because I didn't want to have to babysit him the whole time."
I shift the food around on my plate, expertly making it look as though I've eaten. Since John wasn't inclined to lecture me about not eating properly, it seems I'm going to get away with it until I notice Mrs. Hudson scowling at me. I shove a forkful of potato in my mouth grumpily.
I roll my eyes. "I said, what am I keeping my eyes out for? If I'm to be attacked by a bear or something, I'd like to know about it."
"You sure? I can get it and the shirt cleaned, and get them back to you..." Greg had already walked out the door before I finished my sentence. I shrug, and wander into the living room.
Mycroft
"Nope. This is good. Ta."
Mycroft
Mycroft
"Sherlock. Sherrrrr looooock. Shrlk. Shery. Locky. Hmm." I can feel his irritation like it was a viable thing oozing out of him. "I liked William. It’s a nice name." Best to know now if he'll be able to handle my, self-admittedly, terrible sense of humor. "Shhhhhhhllk."
I nod to her with a smile and let John pull me away from her, as she runs after their mother, with another young woman in tow. "Charming girl... does she always drink that much?" I ask him when we've reached a quiet corner of the room.
"Let's start with the one we have available, ok? Use your knife to try to get a decent sized piece of bark." I should probably save time and go myself but he needs to learn. "Don't go to far. And for goodness sake leave any poisonous mushrooms alone."
"Only when she's got a really good reason." I press my cheek against his shoulder softly.
"She has a car?" There's no keys but there is something. "Sherlock." I point out a cup of cold 'soother' tea next to the doily Sherlock made her when he was infiltrating a craft group he suspected of killing their husbands. It didn't matter how many times I told him that men in their older nineties would easily have a heart attack when taking knock off Viagra they got online to sleep with their thirty-something mistresses.
"You're not the first, you know. To underestimate me." I sit back in the chair, watching him as he shuffles around the kitchen. "So, you know my name. What should I be calling you?"
(3:35pm) *text to JH* Don't be an idiot. I wasn't telling you to piss off. I was telling you what most people say. They tell me to piss off. SH
Sherlock
"I'm quite satisfied to be me, I think." I've never entertained the idea of being anything but myself. "About how much farther do you think the cabin is?" I can carry him for a while, but eventually, I'll need to take a break. Not only is he a bit heavier than I anticipated, his arms and legs wrapped around me is a bit distracting.
Sherlock
"Cool. Can you give her my number?" I scribble a number on the back of his receipt and hand it to him. It's a burner phone that I picked up the other day. "Thanks, mate. Great talking to you." I turn and walk back to the scooter, heading back to the restaurant to drop it off.
It appears I may have done my job too well as he's already asleep.
I try not to roll my eyes as I put down the pot I've been scrubbing. Grabbing a towel to dry my hands, I walk through the living room, past my brother, and open the door. "Hello, Greg. How are you?"
I look up at the stars but all I see is a different configuration that what I saw for the last six years. "I, uhh, I meant, what else do you see about me?"
I laugh at his not so hidden glee as he shows me the headline. "Oh trust me. I know. -Everyone- knows. What they don't know is who wore that mask. I have been contacted by no less than a dozen Reporters, Government Officials, and one person of dubious character, asking me who I sold that mask to." I didn't tell anyone anything but Sherlock would already have that figured out.
leaving. He sank to his chair with an oomph. "Oh."
"Of course! I've read that when in survival situations of extreme cold, sharing body heat is a good strategy." I nod enthusiastically. My stomach grumbles loudly. "Is dinner ready yet?"
I continue stroking him, adding a slight twist of my wrist with each upstroke. I feel him shiver, and his thigh tighten over me. "But I want you to prove it." I say with a suggestive grin.
I nod and hand the ladle back to Irene so she can tend to the stew. Grabbing my coat, I follow him 'round back. "We should at least care of the parts she wanted, yes? And a bit for ourselves? I'd hate for the whole animal to go to waste."
"Well... I know what you showed me last night, of course..." I blush. "And I've read a bit about sex... with another man..." I say very quietly, embarrassed by my naivete.
"I'll be right back love. Ten, twenty minutes, tops." I kiss him one more brief time before I reapply his mask. "Right back." I open the curtain and follow Harry to wherever Mum is waiting.
I remove one hand and push more of his cock down my throat. I bob my head up and down slowly and let the saliva drip out of my mouth. As my jaw relaxes I take more of him in until the tip is just passed my natural gag reflex. I have to hold him there for a few moments and breathe past the instinct to cough.
His knees start to bend every so often so I direct him to lay of the bed. I straddle his lower legs and return to sucking him off. With one hand I play with his balls and stroke up and down the shaft with the other. Gravity causes the saliva in my mouth to drip onto his penis so it's nice and wet. His hands in my hair encourage me to move harder and faster. When I hum his hips buck up and make me gag when the head is briefly forced down my throat. I moan loudly when he bucks up again but not nearly as high so I can still breathe.
"Rings a bell. Moran. Colonel." A vague memory of my marksmanship certification comes to mind. "Did he have anything to do with Marksmen training?"
"I'm well aware of what my Mum said. If you had read the article you would've seen what else she said." I lift his feet just long enough to grab one of the tabloids that are on the table in front of me. "Let’s see... Here it is. Look, it’s even in big letters. --
"I want... you. Please..." My voice trembles, both with need and the tiniest amount of fear. I hope beyond hope that my request is something he is agreeable to, that my inexperience won't frighten him away.
"That's not the problem. The problem is that we may not make it by nightfall and we'd have no way to start a fire if we don't set camp now." Was it really so bad that he'd rather freeze than spend a night against me? "We can build a big fire and won't have to share too much body heat maybe just the jackets on top and below us but keep our kit on and we could even not do that but I'd really rather not take a chance since there's no cave to--- Never mind. Dumb idea."
"My brother is sending a car."
Good to know. I will contact you as soon as we get word of anything.
"I doubt the real Phoenix will even show up, to be honest. He would never have left as he did - without telling Lord Watson his identity - if he didn't have something significant to hide." I huff, as I head out the door.
I raise my head and look at him carefully. "With Molly? Of course! He's about the same build as that young gay man she brought to the party, claiming he was her date." I let go of John and resume pacing around the kitchen. "What was his name..."
I'm about the answer, when I hear Mycroft stir behind me.
"John. Call me John. And you are...?" I take my mask off for a moment and use it as a make shift fan.
I move quietly to the cave-side of the fire, trying to keep most of my nudity hidden. My cheeks are flushed with embarrassment.
Sherlock
"No. Gods no." Even though I have just cum the thought of having him has me stiffening. "You don't want me to stop, do you?" I lift up so I can make eye contact. "Lock?"
"John?" I ask quietly as I grab a flannel to clean up with. "Mmm?" he responds. "I want to go home. Come home with me."
I trace my fingers over the white parts left by the holes in the paddle before I switch hands and smack him twice on the other side.
I will have Anthea research further.
I pull away from the arm trying to grab me and put my weight down wrong again. My ankle can't take the stress and I fall down hard in the snow on my backside. It feels like everything is closing in on me all at once. "Sherlock. Where's Sherlock?!"
"I miss your father terribly, John - don't let anyone tell you otherwise." I sigh. "I don't suppose there's any way I can talk you out of this folly?"
I'm almost down when a branch falls off and I crash to the ground.
"Good point." Speaking of points... I lift up his vest and begin to lick from his navel to his nipple pushing his vest up as I go.
"Sir, Yessir." I give a mock salute and head to the sink.
"By set up a bed I meant bring the twigs and leaves over to the end of the cave so we have something better than the cold hard ground to sleep on." Oh dear gods he has got to be the dumbest smart person I've ever met.
"At this hour? Nonsense." Mrs. Hudson is always up before sunrise - even on nights when her 'book club' runs til the wee hours. I bang on the door one more time. Still no answer. I kneel in front of her door and work the lock with my picks just as John comes downstairs.
"Good Mikey. This is a friend of mine. Mycroft Holmes. Mycroft, this is an old school friend, Mike Stamford."
Sherlock
“Yes. How long have you been up? You could have come down, you know.”
Mycroft
"Yes, Mycroft Holmes, really." My voice comes out a bit growly as I stalk him towards his bed.
Sherlock
(3:30pm) *text to sh* Sorry. Was just a question. I won't bother you again. JW
Sherlock
I wrap my arms and legs tightly around him as he collapses limply on my heaving chest. "Mmmmm" is the only sound I can manage.
Irene is played by MoonShineD
I bow to John's sister and her wife. "Pleased to meet you, Lady Harriet, and ... I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name, madame?" (Claire) "It's Claire. We would stay to chat, but we're on our way out for the evening." I pull Harriet along behind me, heading toward the car.
I am so engrossed in his tongue dancing over my own fingers that I am caught by surprise when his fingers rub over my lips, begging entry. I take them in, my tongue's movements mimicking his as I sigh and let my eyes flutter closed.
Can you give me anything yet? Anything at all?
He looks like a wild animal stalking his prey. His eyes almost appear to glow with an inner shine. He puts his knees on either side of my thighs and continues stroking my legs. I reach a hand out and lightly flick the draw string of the loose trousers that are doing nothing to hide his excitement. "Come on beautiful, let me see every delicious inch of you. I know your body is as beautiful as your mind." I push up higher to I can nibble at his collarbone. "Please, let me worship you properly."
I put my hand close to his leg when I scoot forward to turn the stew pot closer. "Really? How did you get lost sweetling? Oh, it was the snow storm I'm sure. Why were you traveling in this weather anyways?"
I smile at him over my shoulder. "I asked, how long have you been travelling?"
I whine, but do as I'm told without a word or even a glare.
"I wanted you to want it. I wanted you to understand that it was more than a ring. As an added bonus, it -may- have been a bit so that others would see it on you. Maybe." I chuckle at the laugh caused by embarrassment of acknowledging my more hidden motive.
Even I could tell that wasn't the young man John introduced us to at the ball. I wave to security, and they escort this one out, and bring the next young man in. I can tell he's tall enough, but his dark hair is much thinner and straighter than I remember. I glance at John questioningly, and he shakes his head. And so it goes - one at a time, John judges that the men presenting themselves as the Phoenix are not. By mid-morning, I can tell he's getting frustrated.
Irene
My eyes light up again. "Bee hives? Really?"
"Uh, hello, my name is John, I'm a hunter. You are...?" Judging by the voice I'm either trapped with a kid or some posh idiot who got lost like I did.
I glance at my phone and look at the picture carefully.
"No, just bruises, a broken rib, and a terror of groups of people." I laugh weakly. "Since then, I pretty much stay here, except when Mycroft takes me somewhere."
His teeth on my skin is like a lightning bolt, and I arch into him with a whine. I shift my legs a little, locking my ankles around his waist. Between him pounding into me, rubbing all the right places inside me, and my dick being stroked by our flesh, I'm not far from the edge myself.
"He sounds... interesting." A lot like me. "What kind of puzzles did he like?"
I rest on my elbows for a moment, looking down at him. "Oh, you did, did you? Good to know I wasn't the only one with eyes." My lips graze over his pulse, which I note with a grin is quite rapid.
"And to you, Mr. Lestrade." I summon the waiter and have him bring a bottle of champagne. "We've reach several milestones today. Definitely worth a celebration." I smile as the waiter pours. I raise my glass to him.
"Yes. If you'd prefer not to be seen with me, I understand." I say quietly, my face just inches from his.
"I will ask if I need more information." I am starting to get more anxious... the need I'm feeling is like an itch I can't scratch.
I reach over and touch his shoulder. "I just want to be accepted... and to be able to be with you." I say quietly.
"Yeah, they did. Also told me to check with Mrs. Turner, in case you weren't around to ask soon." I lower my voice so only Jim can hear. "Not my regular phone, you git - the burner."
Sherlock
Sounds like an NSY problem. Shall I wake Greg for you?
"I don't have any of that handy. I used mugwort instead. It should help cool it more and bring the swelling down more quickly."
"Not well. You?" I pick up his jacket after handing him a towel. I hold his coat open for him to slip back in to. "Impressive skill that. Washing up without the mask slipping even a bit."
I watch as John heads off into the woods, then turn my attention back to my assigned task. When the stack of branches by the fire is finished, I head off into the woods a bit, looking for more kindling.
Sherlock
Mycroft
"What? When did I order food?" I sit up with a start.
"Very well." With his legs now open I can see his furled entrance is free of all put the sparsest light hair. I rub my fore finger up and down his crack a few times before I circle the entrance. "I want to see you play with yourself as I open you up. Can you do that for me Sherlock?"
"We??" I am thoroughly shocked that this man things I'm sharing a bed - or a stack of twigs and leaves - with him. "Are you serious? We've only just met, and you think I will share a bed with you?"
"Guess that solves who will sleep where..." I smile shyly at Sherlock who is looking a little pale. "You ok love?"
"Really? May I?" I reach for the paper, and Sherlock hands it to me. "So, Lord Watson has no idea who it was, hm? So... anyone could show up and claim to be the Phoenix... reap the reward." I look again at the picture they've re-run from the morning edition. "Greg, surely YOU know who it is... that mask is certainly your work."
"Dear Lord." I feel his arse pulse as we both try to settle down. I pull him down and wrap my arms around him.
"I notice that in certain weather conditions, you have more difficulty breathing. It concerned me, so I started paying more attention." I kiss him lightly on the lips.
"Ah, I didn't think you would believe me, but you are the most beautiful sight in all of Creation." I lower down and nuzzle my cheek against his stomach. "And the way you taste?" I lick a flat stripe from the base of his cock to the tip. "Divine." Before he has a chance to respond I take a breath and take his penis all the way down in one go. When the head hits my throat I swallow around it.
Most of my body is pleasantly warm, being in contact with his bare skin... except my backside. Perhaps he didn't realize there was space between us.... I try to scoot back into him.
"Good oh? Bad oh? Help me out here, love." When he doesn't respond immediately I get a bit nervous. "Want me to stop?"
"Tea would be nice. Thanks." I set down the box I brought with me on the counter. "Give that to his highness next time you see him, k?" I fiddle with the lid a bit.
Sherlock
I mumble to myself, but when I open my eyes... I realize I'm not in my bed... in our home... where the hell am I? I am very confused.
My eyes drift closed, a smile on my lips as I imagine myself a swashbuckling pirate.
John     "No. The poultice is doing a great job. Can't feel a thing." I take a bite of the stew and set it aside. Something about it tastes... funny, off, what's that word again... "Sorry ‘bout us taking your bed. I don’t have any coin, but I could do some jobs around here to repay your kindness." Looking around I can't see anything that needs to be done. "Is this place new? It looks well made."
Sherlock
"I would still like to pay you for this trip." Then we can be equals.
"I found some edible greens, too." I show him the handfuls of wood sorrel I picked. "I know, 100% sure, that these are safe to eat."
I take the bowl and bread and tuck into my meal. I taste carrots, turnip... maybe a parsnip? And a variety of herbs I can't identify. It's really quite tasty, and though I'm loath to admit it, I am pretty hungry. I make quick work of the food, setting my empty bowl on the table when I'm finished.
I haven't slept, spending the nighttime hours letting out the waist on several pairs of Mycroft's trousers.
Mycroft
I feed a bit more wood into the fire. "The plan isn't to stay here and freeze to death. Hopefully the snow will stop and give us a decent glimpse of the sky." I strip off my boots and jacket and lay them on this side of the fire.
"Plenty of time to decide that, babe. I don't know how large a task I'm facing, yet. You'll be able to afford it."
"Yes... yes!" The shift in position and how much harder, deeper he is thrusting is enough to send me hurtling over the edge of ecstasy. My whole body tenses up impossibly tight as I cry out with it, my fingers curling into his biceps.
"Well," I take a seat on the couch next to him and pull him onto my lap. "My mate Simon called - seems Watson ordered lunch delivery. Andy was still a bit hungover, so he didn't argue with me when I offered to delivery for him."
"Oh, plenty of herbs grow in the winter. Rosemary, thyme, among others." I pull my cloak around me. "Please, come inside and warm yourselves by the fire." I grab my basket and hurry to the front door, opening it for them.
"I did at first. I went home that next morning and got equally as intoxicated as the night before." Finding a note with a few pounds was a not the morning after I dreamed of.
"Of course I have. He just doesn't care. When I brought it up this morning he just left." I go to grab the towel back but he pulls it away from me. "Hence the walk of shame you asked about. He made it clear. He cares more for his image than for me." I pace around tapping the counter and the box I brought over. "I told him I don't want hugs and kisses and flowers or any other bs like that. I just wanted to be acknowledged. A wave, handshake, maybe a drink at the bar after work. Nothing that says -"hey world, we're fucking"- but maybe something that says -"hey, we're friends, I know him, he's a friend of mine, I'm not ashamed to be seen with him"-. You know what I mean Lock?" I smack myself in the forehead. "Damn. Sorry. Stupid question."
I wince at his tone, even though he's speaking quietly. He's the only man I know who can yell at you without raising his voice. "I... I am unhappy. I wanted to try to meet people again. Greg offered to help." I look up at him with pleading eyes. "He would have brought me back straight away if things had gone poorly."
Irene
I try to quickly think of what an apothecary might have and if there's anything I should be sure to avoid. "Something slick definitely. One that doesn't burn or tickle or numb. Preferably doesn't stain."
"Why... I mean, do you not want this closeness anymore?"
"So what do you do to relax, John?"
After a few hours have passed we come to a small river. "This is a good place to sit a bit. We can finish the rabbit and grab some water. Do you still have those twigs you say are edible?"
"I heard that, young man." I walk into John's suite with a slight grin. "I will have Maria set up a bed for Sherlock in your parlour, if you'd like, John."
"Don't trouble yourself, John. I can take care of this." I whisper back. It's far too soon for me to divulge my plans to him. I wait until he's fallen asleep, and creep into Irene's room, to find her sitting up waiting for me. "Irene, I want to talk to you."
I look down at him with a big grin. "It's not really that awful, is it?"
Both of us played the role of Mrs. Hudson, as noted in the text.
"umm yeah. If not a horse, then what are you? If you weren't you what would you want to be?" I can't believe I just asked such a stupid question.
"What a dick!"
"But why does everything pass down to him then? Why did they leave nothing to you but a stipend for 'keeping tabs' on him? It's like they're paying you to spy on him."
Mycroft
Sherlock
I drop to my knees in front of him, and take his hands in mine. I look into his eyes. "I -need- you to live. You are far more just a whore, at least to me. You are my friend... who happens to also be my lover." I kiss his knuckles softly. "Let me help you."
"No. She took what she wanted from me, then cast me aside. Of course, everyone in court knew I was hers, so even after, no one expressed any interest. I was pretty much shunned. I threw myself into my work, honed my skills at combat and woodsmanship, and figured I'd had my chance and lost it." I looked up at him. "Then I met you."
"Oh? Why is that? Would that be true if he was a well-known, well-monied, titled gent?" I can see a small handful of people concentrating very hard on looking like they're not paying attention.
"Not completely naked. We'll keep our socks on."
"Bloody gorgeous mate." The colors accent his pale cream complexion perfectly. The jacket, which some gent left at my shop, after hours mind you, fits like a glove. "More important. What do you think?"
Mycroft
is my first thought when I return to consciousness. "You killed me."
"Myc, wait." I put my hand on his shoulder. "Calm down. We need to be calm. He could be in danger. Do you have a gun in the house?"
Mycroft
"I could kip some from the kitchen if you want. Add it to the peaches." Score a point for Watson rambling. It paid off. "If it wasn't dark I would show you them. Maybe tomorrow..."
I glance at him but need to keep my eyes on the road. "It’s time I took up the role of Lord. With you by my side I won't feel stuck or useless."
"As late as you wish it to be." I run my thumb along his jaw line before I lean down to kiss him.
I swallow hard. "No... I can sleep here." I grab a spare pillow and curl up on the floor beside the sofa.
The perfect position found I hold my self still. "Fuck me." Having to do the work on his own will be a testiment to his muscular thighs. I stroke myself as I wait for him to start.
I reach two spit slicked fingers behind his balls and stroke upwards against his perineum to stimulate that spot inside him. His dick starts to throb in my mouth.
"Doing what?" I look quite innocent. "You missed a funny sight. A big guy on Andrew’s green Vespa."
His fingers tease around that perfect spot, and I writhe trying to get his fingers exactly where I need them. "So... close... please..." I beg.
I place the bedroll in the hollowed-out tree as Gregory starts a fire. "Gregory. I'd like to." I take a moment to breathe. "I would like to show you what I need. I fear you will be disgusted so I ask that you still find my brother and bring him home no matter you think of me after."
I turn so that we are facing each other. "How else can I explain it? It represents everything I am, why I do everything I do, family, my name, everything." I push him to his back and lay my head on his shoulder. "The only child I am likely to have is William, if he is still alive."
I'm so glad he can't see my face right now. "Well... Ummm. How bout I move a bit closer?" Please say no please say no please say no.
My own dick is begging for attention, so I reach down to stroke it, moaning around John's cock in the process.
I throw the dish towel down and head to the stairs. "She could be sleeping you know."
I shudder.
I look at him carefully. “Fine. But you’re handling the dry cleaning when he flings a glass of red wine onto my suit.”
"Fine. Let me check in with Lady Watson, and we can go." I walk down the hall to the dining room, where Lady Watson sits with several papers, tut-tutting over the articles. "Madame, have you seen your son?"
I look at him in alarm. "This doesn't make any sense." I struggle to reconcile the conflicting information.
I snuggle into him in a rare moment of peacefulness. "Your reactions are quite unexpected and very pleasing. Thank you. I see no reason to discuss this further." I want to get up, I need to get up, but my body won't move from this spot of safety and acceptance.
Sherlock
Sherlock
"I do hope I meet your expectations" I kiss my way down his chest
Sherlock
"It's better than I could have ever hoped for." My thumb rubs the back of his hand lightly. "But you know what would make it better? Food. And beer, no more of that Champaign stuff. You hungry?"
"Pfft. Those rags? Hard worth the time to get them, let alone read them." I lean against the railing and look up at the night sky for a moment.
I start shaking my head and backing away. "I'm nobody."
My breathing is ragged and my brain is mushy but I remember my promise. I roll over so I'm on all fours and pull the plug out. "Fuck me." Myc’s eyes open wide when he sees the plug.
"Mycroft is your brother." Wait. What? "MYCROFT is your brother. Mycroft! The bloke we watched fight with the other bloke, who turned out to be Greg my new PR man, about groping another bloke’s arse. That Mycroft. My new Security Chief." I fear my voice is hitting new records of hysterical highs. "Mycroft’s little brother is Sherlock who is William. Oh, gods, strike me here and now."
"It was apparent to me last night that you are... experienced." My hands trail down his sides, coming to rest on his hips. "We'll just have to see how much I have learned." I lean down and flick my tongue along his inner thigh.
"I do. But if you don't like it, I won't do it." I shrug. I roll onto my back again, to look up into his eyes.
"I can and I shall. Where are we heading?" The map in our library had met with a disaster at the hands of a bored baby brother many years ago. Getting a new one was never a priority.
The relief of my brother likely being alive and the lack of food causes me to, not faint per se, but take an impromptu nap.
"She was the last foal sired by my dad's prize stallion, and she's been with me all her life." I scratch her between the ears as she rubs her head on my shoulder. "Her name is Daisy."
Irene
He lifts his head up to take in more of me and starts sucking me harder. I rock my hips mildly making sure I don't choke him in any way.
"All right then. I'll be in my room. Let me know if there's anything you want... or need... during the night." With that, I get up and head to my bedroom, leaving the door slightly open so the heat from the fire can still circulate (of course that's the reason).
I pale. "N-no, My Lord." I stammer.
Sherlock
I sit next to him and look for any signs or clues as to who he could be. "Tell me something about you?"
Irene
I let out a surprised squeak at his enthusiastic response. I drag one hand down his back, pulling him closer to me as he pushes me onto my back. I pull away to catch my breath for a second, and chuckle. "Is this part of 'having your wicked way with me'? If so, I approve.
"Jimmy, we discussed this. You agreed that if they got here within 48 hours, you would win. We made that wager at 6:30pm, two nights ago. They arrived at 6pm - 30 minutes to spare."
Sherlock
Mycroft
The clock is ticking, brother. I'll never forgive you if she comes to harm because of your dawdling.
I shake my head no. "That was one of those weird things. We only went to my place to, umm, sleep. No idea where he lives. I will send you his number though."
Sherlock scoots back a bit and his butt wiggles a hairsbreadth away from my hips. My arm tightens around him without my consent. "Are you ok? Warm enough?"
"My team and I got separated by that freak storm a few days back. Snow came down so hard and quick I couldn't see my hand in front of my face. Guess the guys didn't realize I wasn't right behind them no more." I shrug.  At least it's better than being abandoned by your brother.
I pale and look away quickly. "You must be mistaking me for someone else," I stammer, my voice faltering. "My name is Sherlock."  My heart is pounding so hard I'm sure he can hear it from across the room.
"Where are you from?" I'd bet my boots he's from some castle with some posh name. Maybe he's even a Duke or Earl or some other nonsense.
"If you could be anything, anything at all, what would you be?" I am relieved I won't have to tell him how bad the idea of him going home would be.
I take the clothes he hands me, and set them on the edge of the bed. "I shudder to think what Mycroft might be thinking right now..."
"I spend most of my time at home now."
I think to myself.
I sit quietly listening to John as he reads the note, my fingers steepled in front of me as I think. I suddenly notice he's stopped talking, and is looking at me in that adorable, confused manner he has. "Hand me the envelope, please." I put out my hand. "Although you've likely corrupted any evidence there might have been on the note, perhaps I can find something useful..."
"You yourself can attest to my skills in the kitchen. Elsewhere as well." I stand and put on my clothes as I hand him his.
I kiss his forehead. "You are a smart one. Sassy but smart." I don't wake up til sometime later and by then it will be too late.
"Thank you." I leave for the dressing room where my clothes are. "I. I appreciate this. Thank you."
I look at my watch nervously.
Sherlock
My breath catches as he straddles me, rubbing against me in all the right ways and all the right places, thrilling me to the core. I feel his lips curl into a smile against my neck as he grinds his hips against mine. I curl my fingers into his waist.
"I thought we were supposed to be anonymous? Hence the masks." I smile at him. "Wouldn't want to ruin your mother's plans for the evening, after all."
Sherlock
"Pfft. Sometimes they are interesting..." I shrug as I trudge off into the woods. I peel a good size chunk of bark from a nearby tree, ensuring I don't peel off too much so as to damage the tree. Looking around, I find a few patches of wood sorrel that haven't frozen yet, and carefully pick them, tucking them into a fold of my coat. I head back to the campsite with my bounty.
Sherlock
Mycroft
I nudge him to lay down and put my hands above his head. I make sure that I'm not pinning him down so has plenty of room to move. He leans his head up and my head goes so far down his throat I can feel him swallowing around the whole thing. "Mmm. Mycie. Not gonna last." Someday I'll have to convince him to let me take a picture when we're like this. His hair is a mess, drool is coming out of his mouth at the corner, he's wanking himself, and the whole thing is ‘bout as perfect a sight I could ever see.
Mycroft
He seemed perplexed by my answer to his simple question. "I know you are not one to understand the Sun and Sky but even you know that each time the Sun rises, in the East by the way, a new day begins. There have been thirty-five of those since you've been gone."
"Surely you'll want to give the lands to your heirs?" I notice he was not wearing his signet ring. That means he's given the ring to another... perhaps he's chosen a wife? It seems unbelievable, but not impossible.
"Show me."
Sherlock
"Mmmm... that's nice..." I groan as he rubs his cock against mine. I stroke my hands down his back, following the curve of his arse.
(4:15pm) *text to SH* Is that a no then? JW
"Cause he's an arse? Is that a good enough answer?" I fiddle with the honey stick and try to explain what happened. "Well... You see... I guess we were fighting and I got mad cause he was fondling another bloke’s backside but not because he was fondling the guy, the guy was absolutely fondlingable, but because he wasn't fondling me. Kind of. I think."
"What are you doing?" John asked as Sherlock retrieved a box from under the tree. It was a present for Molly, proof that he'd learned a thing or two since John had entered his life.
I shake my head and grab my bunny by the feet, front in one hand and rear in the other. "Eat it just like a turkey leg."
Mycroft
Sherlock
(In dream)
"Dammit all. She's been drugging us." I nudge him aside so I can go tell that --woman-- off.
"After I have talked to him. I need to hear his explanation from his own lips." I nod.
I walk over to Mycroft and put my arms around his shoulders. "Ever think, maybe, they'd be good for each other? Lord Watson was so smitten he was willing to go back to Hell if he had to live without him."
"I doubt I could get Mrs. Turner to move, but certainly she could visit. And if I win? You and Seb move into 221C."
pfft I sent them away. You need to send them away away.
"No, I think we should get some sleep, actually." I pull a blanket off the sofa, and tuck it around John securely. "Of course, we wouldn't want to deprive you of your sleeping space for the night, so we will just sleep out here. I can keep the fire going, as well." I nod, as I lay a pillow on the floor beside the sofa for myself.
"Sherlock, if you please." I mumble into his neck.
I giggle as I walk into the kitchen and get two cups prepared for us, carrying them back into the living room on a tray with a few biscuits. Jimmy is sitting on the sofa, humming idly with a silly grin on his face. "Drink some tea, dear. Those soothers can be a little strong if you're not used to them, you know."
I take another bite of curry, stifling a laugh. "Now you're doing it, John..."
I had not thought of it that way.
"Feel free, John. Would you prefer to lie down?"
I look around the quaint place and notice there's only two doors, one leading to the front and the other leading to a bedroom I assume. "Would you mind if my friend and I stayed for a bit before we take off? You can give us directions to town and we'll be off as soon as possible." Sherlock walks over and sniffs the tea water before dipping his finger in it and licking the brew off.
Sherlock
"I suppose you are. Funny how things work differently for different people, isn't it?" I smile warmly. "I use my soothers when my hip starts bothering me, you know. Takes the edge off the ache in my old bones," I sip my tea as I watch him carefully. "Good job remembering to bring them when you picked me up, by the way."
I leave my room and head for the main hall. It’s not even 5am and the Castle is almost as loud as it was the night of the Ball. When I get to the gallery at the top of the stairs I see so many men. The majority are the same height and figure as William. Some even have feathers sticking out of their hair. The moment one of them sees me he shouts John! and the others join in. I run back to my suite and lock the door as a large group of them start climbing up the stairs.
(3:46am) *text to JW* I'm not a fan on Blondes. SH
Mycroft
Mycroft
"I wouldn't hear of it. I am happy for the company. I get visitors so seldom in winter." Truly, most of the villagers avoid these woods year round. There was that lad a few summers ago, through... the memory brings a satisfied smile to my face.
"Calm down, John. Security has things well in hand now." I pat his shoulder reassuringly. "Most of the men outside claim to your Phoenix. I was hoping you could come down and perhaps evaluate?"
"Why? I have this one. Think bigger, my love."
Sherlock
My jaw drops. "Your brother does the cooking?" Maybe he isn't quite as posh as he sounds. I watch him try to dainty-like eat his rabbit... Nah, he is.
"Why, I should think since you brought me here, you'd know." I sit across the table from him and smile at him sweetly over the edge of my teacup.  My name is Martha Hudson. Just a little old woman who minds her own business."
"What?" I turn suddenly to see a smartly-dressed young man standing beside me. I'm momentarily tongue-tied.
"So, he left you in a cave, in the woods, in the snow, with no water, no way to start a fire, and no way to find you way home, all in order to -not- kill you?" I chuckle at this a bit. "I'll never complain about my family again."
"An interesting turn of events... you are unlike any other man I've met... kind, patient, and incredibly sexy." I say as my hand brushes along his bare hip
"If it doesn't mean something to you, to call someone 'baby' or 'darlin', then you shouldn't do it at all. It meant something to me.”
The old lady grabs my wrist and pulls my arm down, taking my sight off Dr. Watson. I look at her, mouth agape. "What are you doing?!?" I say, exasperated.
Mycroft
Currently undecided.
"Much." I scoot up fairly close to him and start arranging the clothing on top of us. I lay down after I put the jacket on us and wrap my arm around him. There's scant room between us but I don't dare to get closer in case he discovers how not shy certain parts of my body thinks of his.
I arch my back, helpless to fight the sensations coursing through me any longer. My fingers curl roughly in his hair as I thrust up into his mouth with a breathless cry, his name on my lips as ecstasy washes over me.
I look up at John. “What?”
"Wha--" Before I have a chance to say or do anything he has us pulled in between two bushes. Somehow I end up with the bony git on top of me.
"I've lived here all my life." I reply. "Since my parents died, it's just been... well, my brother and I."
I'm just about to put the cake into the oven when I hear the doorbell.
I pull on my clothes, and smile at him. "Just once, let me cook. I might surprise you." With that, I head off in the direction of the sound of running water, hoping that the source of the sound is large enough to harbor a decent-sized fish or two.
"Since I was sixteen or so. Left home, was in the army for a bit, got injured, now I do hunting in winter and other odd jobs." I notice my tea is empty when I go to take another sip. "That was much more than you asked. I don't usually ramble like this. Could I get a spot more tea?'
"How much cash do you need? I'll have it sent to your account right away. No point in betting for something as mundane as money. No." I get all excited and jump up. "I've got it. When I win you will move in here and me and Seb can be your new boys and you'll love Eurus when you meet her. She's smarter than both of her brothers but a wee bit crazy (don't tell her I told you that). You can even bring Mrs. Turner and her married ones. It will be so lovely. Like a real family."
It hadn't been very long since I last bottomed, something I do only with Mycroft, so I didn't expect I'd need much prep. I put two of my fingers in his mouth as I sucked on his. My plan was to have him watch me while I made sure I was still able to take him.
I set the paddle down on the bed below him. My hand travels between his legs to feel that he's still hard but not desperate. "I know baby. Sometimes you do. You need to save those times for other people." I stroke him gently as I talk.
Mycroft
"Hmm. Nothing that's not on the blog. A bit ‘bout how you do the see thingy that you do. Oh, he could do it too. He told me about you and John being a couple before anyone else. I don't think he was fond of John. He didn't not like him, but he didn't like him either." Almost like he was jealous of the time Sherlock was going to be spending with John even though they weren't even dating yet. "I can't think of anything else. If you want to know more you'll have to ask him."
Irene
Jones can take over now. What's the point of owning the place if you can't close it when you want?
"Please... please... more..." I don't even know what I'm begging for but I need it now.
I avoid Jim's glare. "Pass the potatoes, please." I mumble.
"I could swear, I smell smoke. Wood smoke. Like a wood-burning stove or something." I look around, half expecting to see a wisp of smoke climbing skyward. "Do you smell it? It's very faint."
I finish scrubbing up in the shower - years in the military make it a quick task by habit - and step out to dry off and dress. "I have to head into the pub today... take care of a couple things. You good with her? Or do I need to send some guys over?" I ask seriously.
I sit back a bit and look at him. "How would you know what I want?" I trace a finger along his jaw, finally turning his face toward me to look him in the eye. "As a Captain of the Guard, I could have my pick of any woman I wanted, you're right. Gods know, a number of them have tried to convince me over the years. But what I want is someone to curl up with beside a roaring fire, someone I can hold at night, someone who wants to be with me because of WHO I am, not WHAT I am." My thumb moves softly across his cheekbone. "Are you my someone, Mycroft?" My voice is nearly a whisper.
"Yeah, sure. I think I even got a jacket and slippers to match. I'll drop everything off in the morning. But..."
"Oh, it's not that bad." I huff. Yes, it's sour, but not enough to make my ears pucker like he's acting. "It actually goes with the rabbit pretty well, I think."
I grab the last biscuit before he can change his mind. "Only because you insist." Having nowhere to set the tray I look like an idiot with an empty plate in one hand and a biscuit in the other. "Greg, Lestrade? said your baby brother made them. I was hoping to put in a request for more. Is he here with you?"
I let up some pressure off his wrists. My head goes back as I groan at the talent of his mouth. "Gods how did you become so good so quick."
Sherlock
Sherlock
Sherlock
Mycroft
I sit up, leaning on one elbow. "Why did you bother bringing me along, after that first night, anyway?"
"Great! Can you bring it to me tomorrow before you go to the Ball?" Now I have to come up with something to wear...
"Why are you out here? All alone? Mrs-- Ms. Irene"
I tuck the blanket around us, holding Mycroft gently in my arms for a while, just watching him sleep, listening to his heartbeat for a while. I then shift, laying him down beside me, my arms still holding him to me, and start to drift off to sleep myself.
Mycroft
"Why don't you all take a break. I'll have any possible candidates come back later so you don't have to be here for a while."
I fold my arms across my chest. "I can and I will." I unfold and reach out to take Locks hand. "Go get what you'll need for a few days while your brother and I talk. We'll send someone for the rest of your belongings later."
"Ta," I take a swig from the flask. "We should be careful with this. Could come in handy if one of us gets hurt." I take a piece of the bread and chew it slowly. "I set some traps out, hoping to catch a rabbit."
Sherlock
"Not really." Yes, really. "Who was the last?" For all the time we've been together we know remarkably little about each other.
"A cheery thought." I grumble, taking the chunk of meat he hands me.
"I don't really know. It's so dark I can't even see my own hand in front of my face. You're welcome to come back here, out of the wind."
"Busy with clients. That's such a nice way to say that you're not important to them anymore." I used to be important til Sherlock got 'busy' with John.
"I see." I look at his chest, pretending to straighten his lapels. "Does he ever hit you? Why does he yell?"
"No offense but it's not meant for a winter in the woods. Your brother really must've wanted you dead to keep you in that. Least the wool will keep most of the ice and snow off." Guess that means he's not going to take it off. Oh well. If he wants to be colder than he needs to be that's his business.
The very idea has me laughing. Laughing and coughing at the same time has an interesting effect on one’s bladder so I excuse myself quickly.
Dear? She called me dear?! "Thank you for the offer but no. I don't want biscuits or tea or anything else you're concocting. What have you done to my SOLDIERS?" I'm well aware that I'm yelling but only the guards seem disturbed by this.
(2:59pm) *text to not Mary* Ta. Thanks for that. JW
Irene
Sherlock
I stop what we’re doing just long enough to pull my shirt off and leave my torso bare before I lean in to kiss him again.
As I ask my question he visibly deflates.
Irene
I sigh, frustrated. "Why couldn't you have mingled properly... met some of the other people of status there..." I meet his glare. "And now you're running off to get shot at... again. I swear, you have less sense than your father did..."
Irene
Mycroft
Sherlock
Irene
"At least he left me the flask and the bread. And a knife." I shrug. "Perhaps he thought I would manage to survive, with all my book knowledge of the required skills."
There's no way I'm going to sleep like this. "One more move, k? Budge up a bit." After he leans away I move to lay on my back. "Lay on me. We can pretend it's like last night. Just without clothes." He seems quite unsure of all of this. "Think of it like an experiment. You can compare the warmth differences of snuggling, err sharing body heat, with and without clothes." Science. Science is good. Science is my friend. Thank you, Science.
I stand by the cooking pot while they leave. Once they're out of sight, I slip into the kitchen and grab a few bottles from the cabinet, and pull a few stalks from the drying herb bundles hanging there. I have everything tucked into my collection bag and have returned to innocently stirring the stew by the time they return.
"What for? To yell at Lock? To eat burnt biscuits? No. Stay with me love." I hold on to him tighter in attempts to get him to sleep in my bed tonight.
“Not so! I just never… I mean, I have an image to… and his reputation as a playboy…” I rest my head on the table with a groan.
My brow wrinkles in frustration. "That's not playing fair, Gregory, darling..." My fingers curl against his chest.
"It means that Mycroft was right and even after all these years you have no idea that I am as addicted to you as I am to The Work. Some, and by some I mean Mycroft, would go as far as to say that I'm in love with you."
I look around and see no one so I hobble over to the chair by the fire and sit. The fire is quite warm and feels good after all the cold.
"Mmm... yes..." I mumble. The sting of his fingernails against my skin and the ache of my arse as he grinds it into the mattress is the perfect counter-point to the intensity of his beautiful arse. I grip his thighs firmly and thrust up against him just a little more.
Sherlock shook his head.
"It's possible. Mycroft - or more likely, Mycroft's staff - is doing the research now. This does beg the question, though. What is someone of that rank - who likely retired with a quite adequate pension - doing delivering Thai food?"
After leisurely exploring his mouth, our need to breath takes precedence and I pull away for a moment, my face flushed and pupils wide.
"There's no need to get that tone of voice with me. I will either remember or I won't. You doing that," I flap my hand to indicate him, "Sherlock thing doesn't help."
My mouth twists in a frown. "Look, Mycroft... I guess it's just my way of telling you that... that I care about you." I stammer awkwardly. "As more than just someone paid to keep company with me. I have for a long time now.  I haven't used such a term of endearment in many, many years, if that's what you're asking."
I rub my hands up and down his thick thighs. "Torture is it?" I curl my fingers and claw down his thighs just enough that it doesn't cause pain. Well doesn't cause too much pain. "Poor baby. Maybe I should stop and go back to sleep..."
I let go of his shaft so I can grab his hips. This helps a bit but I don't think it's enough. I lift his knees to hook over my shoulders then return to thrusting into him. "So good. Not gonna last." The sweat is dripping off me onto his abs.
"She's a rascal like her rider." My hair started its systematic departing from my head when I was just nineteen years old. It needs no encouragement to leave quicker. Gregory has just started showing fine lines of silver that I do not believe he's noticed yet.
I'll be home by 10. Jones can cover my shift after that.
The tug of my hair pulls my head back, and I look at him, eyes sparkling. I rest my thumbs just inside his waistband. "Oh, these?"
Why had using oil for sex never occurred to me? The feel of John's oil-slicked hand stroking me is divine... better than I've ever felt. I moan against his lips as he kisses me, thrusting my hips up against his hand.
"Oh, I wouldn't want to take up any more of your time," I shake my head, starting to move away. "I'm sure I can find the other things on my list." Something about this man is just... too friendly... or I'm just very out of practice dealing with people...
"I am aware, John." I try to sound confident, but I don't think it's working. "I would like for you..." I start to say, but am too embarrassed to continue.
Mycroft
"Your Knight in not so shiny armor." Our quick kiss turns languid and sweet. I move to straddle him and grind our hips together. In the back of my mind I wonder if the amazing sex has been a part of the reason we didn't realize so much time had passed.
"I'm sure she's fine. You're just upset she didn't bring you your precious biscuits." There is something wrong about her room but I can't quite place it.
I need to find out where James Moriarty's family is from.
I snort a bit at the two. "Peas in a pod you two are. Get that from a book as well Sherlock?" All of a sudden I'm angry and tired and sore and very much do not like this woman.
"I am trying Mum." My hopes have all been dashed but I made a promise and I will continue to play along.
Figure it out yourself
Sherlock
"No, sir. Definitely not." I reply just loud enough for him to hear. I stretch out sleepily on the bed and look over at the clock. "Can we get some sleep now, sir?"
"I... um... I know who you are." My voice cracks, and my throat has suddenly gone dry. "My Lord." I bow quickly.
"Have you actually explained this to him, Greg? He may be brilliant, but relationships are not his strong suit." I take the towel out of his hand before he starts scrubbing the finish off the table with it. "And not just in the heat of an argument - as soon as voices get loud, he stops listening."
"I wonder if we'll manage it?" I grin
Sherlock
"Oh, I doubt that." I reach up and brush an errant lock of hair from his forehead. "What annoying habits have you driven others off with?"
I am watching the blissful look on his face as he rocks his hips, letting me take more into my mouth, when suddenly he pulls away entirely, climbing off my chest and laying beside me, finally letting go of my wrists to stroke himself suggestively.
His hand directs me to pull up til just the tip remains then suck him all way in again. My speed picks up now that my throat is loose and jaw relaxed. I pretend my mouth is riding him just like an arse. I'm so close to cumming myself just from the pleasure he is getting from me. A distinct tang hits my taste buds and I know he’s close. I look up and see him sweaty, writhing, one hand pinching his nipple, his abs are flexing, his breathing is erratic and I'm overcome at his perfect beauty. He must feel me staring because he opens his eyes and looks at me.
"If you're in such a hurry why don't -you- climb the tree and get our bearings." For whatever reason I am weary of going to the cottage we saw yesterday.
"No, definitely not." I look up at him with hopeful eyes. "If you are able to continue, I am most willing."
"Have you ever heard of a guy named Jim Moriarty?" Sherlock is furiously typing on his phone to the exclusion of all else.
I shiver as his fingers slide over my rim. "No... not sore." I breathe.
Ever obedient, I turn to rest my back on the wall, looking down at John on his knees before me. With one hand I stroke myself slowly while my other hand combs through his short blonde hair.
I pull my mouth off him with a grin, my tongue licking over his slit. "I have a very good teacher." I say quickly before taking him in again, a bit further.
I take out the heart, eyes, tongue, and liver and throw them into a pan. "Fine. There. Happy?"
Mycroft
"Really? You do nothing for your family yet you know what they need?" I dig a small hole and put the bones in it before I cover it up with snow. "Must be amazing to be you."
"So what. Find another partner to snog. It’s easy. I do it all the time."
Mycroft
"Yes. I suppose I do."
Mycroft
Dear deluded Mrs. Hudson. If she only knew how nasty Locky can be when he doesn't get his way. "What should I have the cook bring? We can go for a walk while we're waiting."
"Gregory." I want to tell him so many things, explain why's and why nots. "Thank you."
Sherlock
Without thinking, I shift my feet further apart as his hands drift lower, rubbing over my arse and thighs all everything between them.
"Why?" I am genuinely curious. "Mycroft has a job and does well enough to keep the land up for Mummy."
Mycroft
Irene
"Because you
(7:45am) *text to ICE* Hello. I found this phone and and figured to text the 'in case of emergency' person to let them know I found it. JW
I exhale with a shudder as his slick hand closes around my neglected dick and starts to move. "Mmmm," I mumble. I can already feel the warmth from the lube, but I don't care - his hand feels divine.
"I could use a few." I take the flute and a sip. "Thank you, William."
I share a look with Lock. "No. You must be mistaken. It's not even March 10th." First he tries to kill his brother and now the posh git can't even be honest about a date.
Sherlock
I hum as I brush my lips against the skin on his calves. It's not nearly as fun to go straight to the good part as it is to make him squirm and plead. "You were snoring. Such a naughty thing."
Seb and John both start talking when the tea topples over. "Oops?" It's obvious Sherlock won't believe it was an accident.
NoPe. I'll stay here with Martha. SHE likes me.
"Just Irene is fine, really." I smile at the handsome blond. "I prefer isolation. I can grow my herbs and vegetables in peace."
Now we're both blushing. "Should I let you up, then?" I lean in and purr in his ear "Or can I keep you here a while?"
As soon as the cigarette leaves his lips, I take it from him and take a long drag before handing it back, blowing several perfect smoke rings into the sky. "My game plan did not include going home with him. I had someone else in mind."
"Really now? What else did that wo--- Irene, suggest?" That smile of his is like a siren's call to my groin.
I shake my head. "You will always be welcome. It is as much your home as mine, and always shall me." I take the chance and put my hand on his shoulder, and watch as John stiffens, alert to our movements. "I believe that your actions were not of your own choice, but that you were unable to disobey her command. John, however, may need convincing."
---- Epilogue ----
"Oh, yes, you do snore on occasion. Especially after it rains." I poke him lightly in the ribs. "Doesn't matter. I like it." I kiss his shoulder.
"Funny I didn't get an invitation..."
"What? It's only been five days." That can't be possible. "What's the date today?" I glance at the guard noticing his perfected defense pose.
"He just ensured my dear husband's untimely demise. That American penal system you know... it appears the State of Florida frowns on murder. Shame my husband got caught at it." I sip my tea calmly. "He never was that smart."
(What's that? You're not giving me lip, are you?)
I jump up from the table when I hear to boss come in the door. "Erm... we're in the kitchen, Mr. M," I call out, quickly brushing the biscuit crumbs off my shirt.
I take the sash and paddle off the bed. After tying the sash around the handle of the paddle and my wrist I swing it a few times to test that it's going to hold. "Do you know why I did this? So I can swing it back further to come down on you harder. The next four will make up for the fourteen more you should get.  I want you to count out each one and thank me for them."
I bring a hand up to the back of his head and scratch his scalp as I push up to encourage him to kiss my neck as well. Since he's a bit taller than me, this position has some challenges. "William, stop, I want to move us."
I stand and walk over to her. "We made the bet at 6:24pm but I removed you from Baker at 4:04pm. That means they have til 4:04."
Another shiver. It takes me a moment to move, but I reach up and grab hold of the bar. I let my head fall forward in an attempt to relax my upper back - I can already tell this is going to be hard on my shoulders, let alone my arse. I close my eyes and wait.
"Making breakfast." Daft this one is. It's obvious what I'm doing. "How did you sleep, dearie?"
I knock on the door with a bit of trepidation. Sherlock is the only one who ever answers but I very much don't want to have to pass by Mycroft if he's in the living room.
...-- It goes on but that part doesn't matter. What matters is that my Mum formally, publicly, asked for you to come back."
After a few soft kisses to his neck I scoot back. I lift his knee a bit and position myself to enter. He looks at me with so much trust that I just... There's no words. I enter him by millimeters at a time. He's so tight still and hot and bloody fucking perfect.
"Nah. I'm just visiting family. Nice to get out once in a while. Told 'em my guy likes real milk and made a run for it." Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock... So obvious.
to be working, not drinking..."
"Myc’s brother made some biscuits and sent me with some." I put a few on an empty platter and take the tray over to her. "Try them?"
"You're alive. I was about to call the pastor for Last Rights."
"It was Harry who chose this mask." I had stated many times, in many ways, that I would be just as fine going naked or in my uniform. "Do you think it would turn off a potential partner? That I'm a solitary hedgehog?"
I look up from my phone, surprised by his question. "I told you. Moran purchased a cottage in Sussex two months ago. Rural... isolated... the perfect place to hide a kidnap victim."
Sherlock
Mycroft
"But what about..." The silky smooth skin against my lips interrupts that thought, and I swirl my tongue over it.
Mycroft
"I mean are you ok as you can be right now?"
Sherlock
"You are insatiable, Gregory Lestrade. " I say with a grin, grinding my hip up against him.
Oh yeah! That's what we were doing. "Sure, let's go." I put my hand on his shoulder and start the hobble to the cottage.
I tap on his thighs as he adjusts. Last time he was in this position we had ropes and pulleys and whips and chains. It was his anniversary present to me. For a moment I feel nostalgia then I swat the back of his right thigh. I do it with love though. Love and pain go together like fishies and leashes.
I pull Mycroft out of the room, so the new couple can get dressed without an audience. As I wipe tears from my eyes I escort him to the kitchen. "Tea, love?"
Sorry mate. Every road has been a dead end.
"Mmhmm. Sure you're not. You are going to eat. And get a proper night's rest. That is part of your payment, you know - taking decent care of yourself for once." I kiss the top of his head and get to my feet. "I will gather up some firewood. Why don't you look through my pack and decide on dinner."
I scramble up the rocks - not an easy climb, but just the sort of challenge I like. With only a few scrapes, I manage to haul myself up to the top, where I have a decent view. "I can see smoke - off to the north a bit." I yell down to him. I look around a bit more, and see that to the north, the forest stays thin, so I won't be finding any signs of someone's passing - we'll just have to keep going in that direction and hope the smoke is connected to a campfire, or better, a cottage.  With a significant amount of slipping, I quickly come back down the rocks.
"Apologies, John. I'm just a bit worried about her, that's all. Since my brother is being worse than useless at the moment, I'll take any help you have to offer." I look up at him.
"Well, if there's virtually no way to get there before sundown, as you are suggesting, then finding shelter here makes the most sense. We can leave at daybreak, then." I look around. "Any suggestions?"
(7:46am) *text to ICE* Not that it's an emergency. JW
Any additional information on Corporal Kalle? I am accessing regimental records now
"That's enough Harry. Enough badgering and enough drinking." I try to apologize with my eyes. "So sorry William."
Irene
I knock firmly on the door, and it opens quickly, a beautiful woman answers.
"I can't help it. She has taken a liking to you." I scratch her between the ears. "She's got good taste." I smile slyly.
"I didn't say I wasn't marriage... Wait wait wait. A wager? What are the rules?"  I clap my hands at the thrill of being surprised by this woman and getting a new game to play. "I love gambles."
(6:34am) *text to Shit Head* Fine. Whatever. Good bye. JW
"Noooooo. Maybe a wee bit high but not drunk. 'Sides we won’t lose. I never lose." I snuggle partly on top of him and with my face in his neck. "Stop thinking. It's not your thing."
"you're adorable." Balls! I said that out loud didn't I?
I stop stroking for a moment, presenting with the inviting view of Greg's arse as he pulls out the plug. I get off the bed and retrieve a bottle of lube from the bathroom counter, popping it open and pouring some into my hand as I climb onto the bed behind him. "Interesting choice of accessory, Gregory..." I run my lips over one arse cheek, smoothing some of the lube over my straining cock, then turning my attention to him, pressing two, then three, slicked fingers into him. "If I didn't know better, I'd question your motives."
"After Ginny moved away, I was heart-broken. Just... lost. My father needed help with the bakery, doing deliveries and such, so I pitched in. I was making a delivery to the Smallwood Estate – they were having some sort of big party. Natalie – she’s the head of staff for them – said that Lord and Lady Smallwood had a terrible row. Lord Smallwood had locked himself in his study, and Lady Smallwood had pretty much yelled at everyone by that afternoon. Even fired the stable boy, I heard.” I shrug. “A few days later, a messenger shows up on my father’s doorstep, telling him I’d been summoned by Lady Smallwood. I’m thinking she needs a new stable boy, and I’d been looking for work anyway, so of course, I hopped on Daisy and rode there as quickly as she could manage.”
Umgf. "And you should know I'll take what I want if you take too long." He gives me a decent smack for sassing him. Finally he lets loose and gets into a rhythm of his own. He knows exactly how to hit my prostate and the stimulation wakes my dick up.
"I fully realize that. But you have to admit, it worked." I say with a sly grin, following along behind him.
His answer makes me stumble and I end up stepping on his foot a few times. "A hedgehog suits me?  Is that a good thing? I don't see how it could be."
Sherlock
I nuzzle into his hair. "What do I call you? William Sherlock Scott Holmes seems a bit long."
(3:47am) *text to JW* Redheads are even worse. SH
Mycroft Holmes and Greg Lestrade continued working at the castle in security and public relations, respectively, and were more often than not seen together in town.  While neither was particularly marriage-minded, it was common knowledge that they were a couple, and although they both insisted otherwise, they were exclusive.
I look at the message, then at John, somewhat confused. "What was the name he gave you again?"
"I don't want to play nice with her. Don't you know any tricks to take her out? I mean, not kill her, but...?" Sherlock pulls me back down into the bed and I land with a thump. "Maybe kill her a little bit." He gets the gleam in his eye I've learn so associate with a devilish idea usually involving sex or poison.
Jim's text alert chirps in my pocket, so I pull out my phone to look at it.
Sherlock
Sherlock
"But she made it very clear she does not approve of me... for all I knew, she was going to throw me in jail... or worse." I shrug. "Better I remain unknown, in that case, don't you think?"
"Hurt me? No, not really. He just yells at me a lot."
"So, I'm going as your plus one?" I grin at him. "I'm not inviting you to my place for drinks after..."
My eyes widen. "FIVE WEEKS?" Surely there must be a mistake. John and I had both been certain it had been a week or less, until the Guard captain mentioned Mummy's death being over a month ago. "How can that be?"
I look at John, slightly confused. "I haven't in some time, Miss... " I look at her questioningly.
At the first touch of the Woman's fingers my body freezes up. As she continues to touch me I find myself feeling relaxed and comfortable. "The ankle?" I feel not a single pain in my body until she sets my foot down to grab a poultice and then it returns five-fold. "Dammit all. It hurts. I thought it was better but I must have been wrong." The pack she puts on my leg makes it feel all better again. "So, how long has..." Bollocks I forgot his name. "Umm, that bloke, ha Sherlock. How long has he been asleep?"
Mycroft
"Does she, umm," is Gregory intentionally trying to be distractive I wonder. "Does she often have reason?'
Mycroft
Sherlock
"So... Jamie... do you frequent this shop often? My landlady has never mentioned you..." Surely such a helpful young man would have caught Mrs. Hudson's eye.
My head falls back as he rides me hard. The rough treatment takes my breath away, the pleasure building very slowly. Every time he sees a glimmer of it on my face, he changes his movements - both to his benefit and my detriment. I growl in frustration, glaring at him.
"Going off to work with Sholto. It's bad enough I had to bury my husband - no parent should ever have to face burying a child."
(5:05am) *text to SH* Why? I found your phone. You thanked me. We're done. JW
"Yes, that's good." I stroke his cheek as my head rolls back. "Now take it all." I apply light pressure to the back of his head - not forceful, but enough to make sure he'll do what I want.
"Oh, don't be difficult. I can carry you on my back. It's better than spending another night outdoors, don't you think?"
Before he has a chance to change his mind, I undo the cock ring with a relieved sigh. I stroke my hands softly over his thighs. "Thank you."
important, Mycroft. Important to me." I scratch between Daisy's ears, as she searches my pockets for a treat. "I told you, I care about you."
I wake just as Mycroft returns with tea and breakfast. "Thanks, babe. You going to join me?" He may be paid company, but I do actually like him.
Poor Billy
I look into his eyes and nod quickly, then lean down and nip at his shoulder.
I chuckle. "Wait... wait a sec." I hold him still for a moment. "Why are you so shocked by this?"
Sherlock
I am woken by my brother stomping into the house at an obscenely early hour. By the state of his clothing (and lack thereof in some places), I see that he's spent the better part of the night with Greg, and given his mood and that he appears to have walked home barefoot, the evening did not end on a good note. I hide my smirk. "Good morning, brother. Trouble in Paradise?"
"On the contrary. I'm trying to help you avoid the crowd. I admit, though, that I'd like to chat with you more, if you're interested." Thank God he can't see that my face is nearly as crimson as my mask.
"Biscuit?" I hold out the tray but there's only one left so I hope he doesn't take it. "I was told you know the baker. Was hoping I could get more, maybe put in an order for something else."
"I hope you don't mind walking... it's just a couple of blocks, after all." I head up the street with him beside me.
"I'm sorry, Mycroft, but we can't afford to support him any longer." Mummy Holmes sighs. "Ever since your father died, things have been tight. Now that Sherlock is old enough, he needs to either contribute to the family financially, or marry, if he wants to stay. Since he refuses either, there's no other choice."
I look at him in shock. "I-I can't do that, brother. You've already sacrificed so much for me. Don't think I don't know that it was you taking care of me all these years, not our parents." I consider reaching over and putting a hand on his shoulder, but worry what John and the Guard captain might think, and how they might react. "The guard with you... he told us Mummy is dead. What happened to her?"
"You know what I mean." John rubbed at his temples in an effort to calm himself down. "All I wanted was a nice little tree with a few lights and a couple of balls… Was that too much to ask for?!"
"Hmm, what was that?" My mind had been completely focused on the hare and how best I could use it to hide the flavor of those twigs of his.
"No thoughts other than me, us, your pleasure." I feed the head into his mouth when he opens it up and puts his tongue out.
I put my hands on his shoulders loosely, so we can mildly rock against each other as we go back to kissing. I had allowed him to lead the kiss long enough, so I take control for a moment. I dip my tongue into his mouth then trail the tip along the roof of his palette. I tease it along the edge of his teeth before I withdraw to suck in his bottom lip and worry it gently. I try to keep track of what he responds best too but soon lose track as I get lost in sensation.
Despite several attempts to find out, no one has been able to say who was under the Phoenix mask.
"Mmmm... gods, you're good at that," I sigh, combing my fingers through his ginger curls. Of course, that's a good part of the reason I pay him the amount I do.
"I'm open to suggestions. Suggest away." I lift the tea cup over my head to get the last few drops. Refilling it would take too much effort. Seb does the refilling. And the getting. And the making. And the buying.
I turn to look where Greg is pointing, and my whole world comes to a crashing halt.
(4:02am) *text to Blonde* I know. SH
My abs are starting to ache, but I just can't get enough. I thrust up as hard as I can, my hand squeezing and gripping his cock as we stroke it together. "You like this." I say breathlessly, the hand on his hip gently pulling him, rocking him so that I'm pounding his prostate with every thrust. "You're too good to me, sir... too... good," I groan, shaking with the effort of holding back my own pleasure for his.
I run my fingers over his scalp like a massage until I get to his neck and yank. "Uh uh. No teasing me or you'll get a spanking. You won't sit for a week."
(6am) *text to Shit Head* How do you know I'm interesting? I could be boring. JW
I look up at him and put my hand around his to lead the head of his penis into my mouth. I let go of his hand and suckle on the tip. The fingers of my other hand are back at his entrance. When he lets go of his cock I swirl my tongue around the head in the same pattern that my finger does at his anus. When I take more of his dick into my mouth I push the digit in. As I bob up and down my finger does as well. He thrusts into me and I greedy take it as I push more of my finger into him. I can almost see the light click on when he registers that my finger is following suit to what his penis does and that my mouth is willing for anything he wants to try.
I look up at John blankly. He rolls his eyes and repeats the question. "Oh. Moriarty is a criminal mastermind, you know - nearly as intelligent as I am, I believe. He would easily be able to afford someone like Moran to do his dirty work. I had Mycroft sort through some rather complicated funds transfers after Moran's death... they lead right to Moriarty's various business enterprises." I shrug. "Rather simple, really. I was disappointed."
I take the tea from a smiling Greg. "Not funny." I talk softly so I can hear what Sherlock and Mycroft are saying. I have a feeling Greg and I will get along great.
Sherlock
He's a smart one. "What type of puzzles? Picture, word, logic?"
Sherlock
Sherlock
Irene
"I want it. I will miss it is what I'm saying. You will have to return to your normal life. We will have to go back to enjoying a few stolen nights together every fortnight." I have had to make my mind stop dreaming of breakfast at my house, or picnics in the garden, or drinking Sherry as we bask by a warm fire.
I grab him and pull him into a hug. "NoPe." I start kissing him all over quickly. "Admiring, not teasing." A small smile breaks out on his face. "Are there any questions you have about sex? Wait, you're you," I smile at him, "I should say 'what' questions do you have my love?"
"Jesus fucking Christ! Are you ok? Did they hurt you permanently?"
I shudder, arching my back against his thrusts. My breath is coming in gasps as each thrust slams over my prostate, that sweet release getting ever closer, again. His words shatter what little control I had, and my mind reels as I cum, every muscle in my body tensing.
"Sherlock, if you don't want to sleep on the floor, you are welcome to sleep in my bed..."
"Quite a bit of work just to eat. The flavor is wonderful." I get another bone stuck in my gum and have to stop to pull it out. I set the fish aside and make note to insist I cook next time.
I nudge the tray away from his hand. "I think you've had enough honeycakes, Jimmy. Save some for tomorrow." I set down my cup of tea. "Now you - you seem to have a decent business head on your shoulders. How are things going for you?"
Any sort of animal could be using this as their den for the Winter so the first thing I do is listen for any rustling. I wish I hadn't gotten here after nightfall since I won't be able to see more than maybe forty or forty-five centimeters inside.
"My 'normal' life? I prefer life like this... with you. There's no reason we can't have that, is there?" Oh, Gods... does he have someone at home waiting for him?
"'Inherited' would be somewhat accurate, I suppose. She did know where her husband kept all of the funds from his various enterprises, after all. And once he died, she was able to claim it all." I nod quietly. "While it's possible that the kidnapper was someone she knew, it's more likely, I think, that it is someone who knows me... or possibly us."
Sherlock
"Are you crazy? Why are you taking your jacket and boots off? You're going to lose toes to frostbite."
I uncross my arms so that I can prop myself up to see better. His curls fall loosely around his head like a dark halo. I lay my hand on his hair and stroke gently, in sync with his tongues movements. "Beautiful." He huffs but before he has a chance to say anything I follow up my statement. "I don't care what anyone has ever said to you or about you. You are beautiful."
We go about 10 steps in 10 minutes so I finally have to concede. "Fine. Turn around and bend over a bit."
Mycroft
Sherlock
I run my hand up from ankle to knee and back down again a few times. "We don’t have to. I'd like to though, but it's not a requirement." I get up a moment so I can pick up his legs and sit back down with them on my lap. "Is this ok?"
I put my hand on his hip just like I did in the shower and push pull a bit so he remembers he can control the depth and pace. With my other hand I go under his balls and insert on my middle finger into his prepared opening. It takes me only a moment to find his prostate and tap on it gently.
"Take it easy, sir." I walk toward them slowly, keeping my hands visible. "I'm looking for Sherlock." I nod at the younger man, who is obviously Mycroft's brother.
"Kalle, like always." I stroke his feet softly, making his toes flex. "Not like he'd find anything on that... Seb Kalle didn't exist 6 months ago."
I turn and head off in the direction of the tree he'd used as a vantage point yesterday... where he'd finally been able to smell the smoke. "Fine, then. Do hurry up, though."
"Maybe we should turn over. Don't want to tickle you by accident or something."
Irene
Odd. All records for Colonel Moran seem to indicate he is deceased.
"I'm not mad at you, love." I nuzzle the back of his neck. "I'm just a little slow, compared to you."
WHACK No noise, no warning, no way to be prepared before the last blow came down right on top of the first one.
"You do?" I ask nervously.
Sherlock
Mycroft
I look up, startled, as John st arts to direct me to a short blonde woman with an extravagant white-feathered mask. "Dare I ask who I am about to meet?" I whisper to him.
Irene
"Just relax. Don't resist the motion so much." I try to explain. "You know exactly how to roll your hips, by the way." I say suggestively. "You did a fantastic job of it the other night, at least."
I slide one hand from his hip to his inner thigh, scratching lightly along it until my hand covers his, stroking his cock.
Mycroft
"Just a signature on the receipt, and we're good to go, mate." I hand him the receipt and the pen, and he signs it - adding a nice tip - and hands it back. I look around a bit. "You've got a nice place here. Any of the other units available to rent?"
"Go sit by the fire at least. I don't want to snuggle a popsicle." I grab the clothes that will be going on two of us and lay them down so they're ready to be put on once that git warms up a bit.
I make another pot of tea - a mint tea, this time - and pour a cup the other young man and for myself. I take a seat by the fire, and motion for the dark-haired boy to sit, as well. "So, the two of you know my name. What are your names? We should be on a first-name basis if you're going to stay the night, don't you think?" My voice is syrupy sweet.
Mycroft
I look up as John walks into the dining hall, a tall young man following him. "John! Where have you been, my boy? I was beginning to worry..."
"John was doing some hunting, and he was... teaching me. Yes, teaching me." I have learned quite a bit, after all... how to start a fire, how to avoid hypothermia by stripping naked and sharing body heat. My mind wanders a minute, until Irene's voice brings me back.
Tonight I was going to see if my practicing had paid off. I look up and wait til he looks back at me. Once he does I put both my hands on his hips and slowly sink down til my bottom lip brushes against his balls. The feeling of fullness, and a bit of self-satisfaction, causes me to moan which comes out in a hum.
Sherlock
"Yes, I think it's a 20-minute walk over that hill." I nod my head in the direction of the springs. "Bring the blankets, though - it's only going to get cooler, and we can only stay in the water so long, after all." I give him a quick kiss on the lips and get up, helping him to his feet as well. I bank the fire well - hopefully, enough embers will remain when we return that it won't be too difficult to restart - while Mycroft rolls up a few blankets. I untie Daisy's reins and fasten them loosely to her saddle - if she needs to flee a predator in our absence, she will; otherwise, I trust she'll stay nearby. Slinging the blanket bundle over my shoulder, I take Mycroft's hand and lead him along until we finally arrive at a small spring with steam rising from it. "This what you wanted?" I grin.
"Sorry. I got confused. It happens." Sherlock helps me to the chair near the fire and gets me water before he sits on the sofa next to Irene. "Sorry bout that. I don’t know what happened."
Sherlock
"Couldn't be more fitting for you." I drop into a very serious demeanor. "You're a good man, Sherlock. One day you might even be a great one. But not if you stay here. You need to get out, see the world, fall in lust, maybe even fall in love." I put both my hands on his shoulders, so he knows what I'm saying is important. "You’ve been burned enough, my dear sweet Sherlock, now it's time to fly." That's enough seriousness for now. "Go. Change. I'll get this room clean."
My eyes barely open to his voice. "Yes I'll make tea in a moment." I finally got to sleep just as the birds started their incessant chirping.
"Mummy," I say with a fake posh accent then continue normally, "and father out late a lot?"
