“What does that mean?”
“Oh, shit,” Greg said, every muscle in his body stiff and on its guard. “Uh…” He rubbed his face, frowning in inner turmoil. “Fuck it. I’ll tell him. If he knows about John, then it’s okay, right?”
Worried for Sherlock? Worried that he might tell the world the truth? No one would believe him. He wouldn’t believe himself. But it was true. It was all true. God, how could this possibly be true?
Said knees protested as he stood up, joints stiff as he ambled to the sofa. Those would be aching for a while, but it was worth it. Greg followed him and hopped on the sofa beside him. Mycroft stared. His hair would get all over the cushions. Mycroft would have to clean them off with a lint brush, and it would be near impossible to get them all. Greg seemed to divine his thought, for he jumped off and gazed at Mycroft imploringly, head low and tail between his legs. Oh for…
“I could. But I doubt I will have to.”
“Oh, he seems wonderful. A handsome one, too. And a doctor. How nice. Might be a stabilizing influence for you.”
“So did I. At your age, the chances are slim if you want to have any chance of keeping up with them, which you do. Best face facts now and avoid false hopes. I told Mycroft that he was being an idiot. When isn’t he, really? I honestly don’t see what you see in him, but I don’t want you to be unhappy, so if you must, I suppose that’s fine. I could have worse for a brother-in-law.”
“He is not dangerous.”
“You didn’t. I only wanted to make sure that we are on the same page.”
“You think I acted out of some past trauma?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“Twelve years,” Sherlock said, triumphant at having arrived at another correct deduction among the chaotic maelstrom of his thoughts. “You’ve been living as a human for at least twelve years.”
“Honestly,” she said, “You two keep dancing around the subject. It’s endearing, but you can just come out and say it. I would have myself, but I wanted to make sure that you were on board, John. I know how important secrecy is in these matters.”
“He’s terrified of feelings, like always. You are aware that you want to tie yourself to someone who treats caring for people like some sort of irritating disease?”
John burst into a grin.
“Yeah. Tit for tat.”
, he reprimanded himself. How could she possibly suspect that there had been a selkie and a werewolf in her building three days ago? She probably just thought that Sherlock had a secret pet or something. There was absolutely nothing to worry about.
“Oh god,” he said, horrified. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to look at you like that.”
“So there’s no reason to be nervous, then.”
“I’m afraid that I can’t tell you any more until you agree to our terms. So what’s it going to be, dear brother? It’s really not a hard decision to make.”
Sherlock didn’t waste his breath protesting as John carried him into the house and placed him on a tan colored sofa. The interior of the house had been fixed up more than the outside, but was still far from modern. The furniture was a mix of new and old pieces, which didn’t match very well, but it was all clean and organized. A medium-sized flat screen stood against the wall in full view of the sofa, along with a bluray player, both relatively new. Yet against the opposite wall stood a tape deck and a record player. So he liked the older technology, as well. His tape and record collection was stored in the middle shelves of a large bookcase, which was otherwise filled with books, also a mix of old and new. As Sherlock examined his surroundings, John fetched his first aid kit and a glass of water from the kitchen.
Mycroft weary sigh crackled in the phone line.
“You’re right,” he said, smiling. “I’m not the only idiot here.”
Greg rolled his eyes.
“Sherlock,” John chided behind him.
John nodded.
John snorted.
John did look much more confident than he had just a few minutes ago.
Sherlock sucked in a quiet, exhilarated breath. It would be so easy to get in the cab, follow this man, observe every detail of his murderous scheme, finally assuage those last nagging doubts, the final details filled in. The cabbie would hold true to his word. Sherlock could see in his eyes. Unless Sherlock did as he said, those last, crucial details would continue to fester in his mind, unanswered. What kind of result did he care about? He wanted answers. Needed answers. Needed them so very badly. It was excruciating to think that he would never know the full picture. The game, the danger, called to him. The thrill of the chase wasn’t over. Far from it. Why was he standing here prevaricating? He should be in the cab already.
“I got that impression. I can give you his number, if you like.”
She spoke slowly, as if to a child. He probably looked like a child with his legs folded up like this. That was what everyone thought of him. That he was childish with his meltdowns and his whims. That he needed to grow up. Only a few knew that his brain didn’t work that way, but telling the world wouldn’t help anything. It would only make it worse, his actions even more suspect.
“Just say what you’re thinking. I won’t be offended.”
Sherlock smiled, a weird sickly sweet feeling of nerves and joy in his stomach as John looked at him like that, like he was the most precious being in the world. He didn’t know what to do with that, if it was too much or just enough or exactly what he needed, because he didn’t feel all that John was feeling at that moment. Admiration for his beauty, the unquenchable desire to touch him, and love. Yes, this was love. Did it matter when Sherlock’s feelings had shifted from intense admiration to love? Not really. It was a constant, needful love, as comfortable as a fuzzy blanket on a chilly night, yet it was not the butterfly flutter of romance he spied in John’s eyes. Yet this difference had never been a disconnect, had it? No. Clearly, John didn’t think so, either, else he wouldn’t be leaning forward and pressing their foreheads together. They closed their eyes, hands on each other’s napes, breathing in the same air. Yesterday’s jitters had been an aberration, a foolish reaction. This was the truth right here.
“Good-bye.”
John thrust his hands in his jean pockets.
Mycroft touched his shoulder. Sherlock jumped, staring at him in shock. Mycroft jumped, too, removing his hand and studying Sherlock’s face, frowning in a silent question. Did Sherlock look such a miserable mess for Mycroft to be reaching out like this and giving him the comfort of touch even while disagreeing with him? Stupid question. Of course he did. Sherlock nodded. More like a swift shake of his head. Mycroft put his hand back down. Hs fingers squeezed with the right amount of pressure that Sherlock liked. Firm, yet not so much to hurt. Rare gesture though it might be, he always knew how to do it right.
Mycroft accompanied Sherlock to the building after he had decided to take the first floor flat and required Mycroft’s assistance in relocating. Rather, he wanted Mycroft to pay for a moving crew and would have been fine if Mycroft absented himself, yet he knew that Mycroft would be taking a look for himself, both at the flat and Mrs. Hudson. No kidnapping this time. He wouldn’t do that to an older lady whom Sherlock genuinely cared for. There really was no need for Sherlock to threaten him in case he so much as considered it. Sherlock must have warned Mrs. Hudson about him, for there was a knowing look in her eye when Sherlock introduced him.
A pause in the phone line indicated Greg’s silent agreement.
Sherlock sighed.
“I take it by your reactions,” Mycroft continued, “that this object mustn’t fall into the wrong hands. Is it incriminating?”
The instant he left, Sherlock rushed to his armchair and sat down in a ball, legs pulled to his chest, arms wrapped tightly around them, chin on his knees. John hadn’t said if he was coming back. But he would, wouldn’t he? Where else would he sleep? Would he get a hotel? Was he that angry?
Sherlock rubbed his chin on his knees.
Greg didn’t look fully convinced. Mycroft got the feeling that Greg wished to be punished for what he’d done. For Mycroft to shout and rail at him, to make him feel like slime under his heel for leaving him so abruptly. Mycroft would do no such thing. Greg didn’t deserve that, no matter how much he decided to recriminate himself. Or how much it relieved Mycroft, selfish as he was, for Greg to believe that he’d done something wrong, that he didn’t simply think of Mycroft as a fun diversion on the road to happiness. Their relationship had been important to him, too, even if they couldn’t make things work.
“No. That was a happy breath. Please go on.”
Mycroft pressed his lips together.
There is a conversation about overdosing in this chapter.
“My heartbeat?” John asked. “That’s what surprised you?”
“Well, I don’t have a nine to five job, either. I work crazy hours, too. Though not as crazy as yours. Look, I do want marriage and all that stuff, but not necessarily right now. I like you, too. We don’t have to get all serious if you don’t want. We can just eat our dinner and see what happens.”
Greg looked down again.
Mrs. Hudson sighed.
The touched expression on Greg’s face made Sherlock want to flee the room or jump into his arms for a hug and then flee the room. He chose the hug, but without any fleeing, squeezing him harder than he’d anticipated and receiving just as firm a hold. He stepped back shyly, head down, shrinking back toward the sofa, although he didn’t sit. John hovered at his side, a silent, approving figure. Greg’s surprised, joyful smile remained, enhancing Sherlock’s wish to escape the awkwardness of it all. His heart was beating too hard and his skin was itchy. He felt dangerously close to floating away somehow, irrational thought though it was.
“I’m sorry, alright?” he said. “I didn’t get in the cab. Please come back. I’m sorry. I… I need you.”
“Did you tell him about your liking for experimenting on human body parts in here?”
“Someone didn’t point out that you never call me by my first name?”
In his meandering down the corridor, Mycroft had strayed into his home study. He stopped in front of a photograph hanging on the wall opposite his desk. Sherlock smiled in the sun holding up a diploma, the last one he had ever received. He finished his Masters with honors, but couldn’t manage to do more than a year of doctoral course work. Still, it had been a proud day, a rare occasion when Sherlock had been happy and mostly amenable. He had even been sober from his unfortunate addiction. Three whole months of limping back to health. Before Victor left and Sherlock disintegrated once more.
“Sure. I don’t know how good I’ll be, though.”
“Wound first, please. How much does it hurt?”
Greg texted again.
Sherlock nodded.
“The depictions are a little insulting at times,” John said, standing next to him. “But they’re not all terrible. Kelpies really can look like this.”
“I have been working on a new composition,” he said. “But I don’t see how I could possibly focus on it now. It’s about sea creatures, and thinking about the sea reminds me of Dover, which reminds me of John.”
“Wrong again.”
“Well, you are.”
“I didn’t say you were. Do you want to eat on the sofa? Or do you want to move to the table?”
“And your science has deciphered every mystery in the universe, has it?”
“My culture respects individualism, but you still have obligations to your community. To your family. You’re expected to be an active member of society. How could I while spending most of my time on land? The best I would be able to manage was to visit, and not often. Not even that while I was studying. I had no time at all, and I knew I wouldn’t. I lied and said that I would, but they did the research for themselves. I shouldn’t have lied. It just made things worse. Now not only was I leaving, but I was accused of deceiving them, which was true. It didn’t matter that I wasn’t being malicious about it. By this point, the matter had escalated to a hearing with the ruling council. You need to be granted permission to absent yourself for as long as I wanted. You can’t just declare that you’re leaving and go. They told me that I had to decide. I could live on land for up to three years if I wanted and remain part of the clan. That was a generous extension on their part. Originally, they had said only two years. But if I stayed for longer, I couldn’t be in the clan anymore. How could I be a part of it if I wasn’t present?”
Sherlock groaned.
“I was taking a trip down memory lane with some old family videos. Probably not the most advisable thing for a day such as this, but I do indulge in sentiment on occasion.”
Greg’s awkward grimace wasn’t very encouraging.
“There’s no need.”
Or worse, that John thought Sherlock fancied him.
“Yes. I guess I missed telling you that part, huh?”
“I can’t argue with that.”
God, Sherlock was gong to miss this when he returned to London. When was he returning to London? It had to be soon. Wonderful evenings with John aside, he still needed work. He hadn’t conducted a single experiment in ages. His mind was starved for productive creativity other than that which he was able to achieve with his violin. And Mrs. Hudson’ being alone had continued to gnaw at him. Did Mrs. Hudson hate it when the building was totally empty for days on end? Sherlock certainly did. Every time that she left town to visit her sister he was crawling up the walls. Last time, she had been gone a for two weeks! He had told her that she wasn’t allowed to be gone for that long again as he had hugged her for far longer than usual. It hadn’t been an order. Of course not. Just an expression of how thoroughly unsatisfying life in that building was without her to bring tea and nag him into eating and complain about his experiments making the place look like “the lair of a mad scientist”. Sherlock had replied that he was a scientist, many (morons) considered him mad, and while the term “lair” was a bit much, it wasn’t wholly inaccurate.
“I don’t have to go anywhere,” Sherlock said. “Not yet. Besides, I like to be fully mobile when working.”
“Can I watch this time?”
“Partners.”
“You thought you were hallucinating,” he said.
For fuck’s sake.
No! They were not the same being. Selkies weren’t real. They weren’t.
“He promised me, too,” Mrs. Hudson said, with a warning glance Sherlock’s way.
“Me, too. Lord knows he loves getting himself into scrapes. He’s lucky he wasn’t around after he almost got himself killed in Dover. John has been a godsend in more ways than one.”
Mrs. Hudson looked awkward by the whole thing.
Sherlock sucked in a scared breath. Maybe Mycroft was right. John had put up with him for this long. But what if this was the final straw? What if it was too much?
“I don’t care. Can you just not, please?”
“He’s been putting more of an effort in general,” Greg said. “He was even a fraction less rude than usual during our last case.”
“It’s just not genuine to who I am. It would feel like a pretense, and I despise those if they’re not conducive to my work. If it is work related, then it’s wicked fun, but I demand to be myself and not put on an act when I don’t want to. You must see my costume wardrobe when you come to London. I’ve taken up half the bedroom upstairs, which Mrs. Hudson moans about, but it’s not like she’s going to be moving anyone else into it.”
The sudden question put Sherlock on his guard. John hunched his shoulders and rubbed his hands on his lap, looking down for a second.
Mycroft’s text was much less gratifying.
“We’re good.”
“Our trip to Nice when I was thirteen. At the beach. Sherlock is wearing that ridiculous getup.”
“You really are just going to let me live my life?”
“Why are you helping me? Why did you save me? Is it to gain control over me? Am I beholden to you because of it through some magical bond?”
Huh. He hadn’t meant to mention that last bit. He hadn’t referenced it directly, so there was still time to backtrack and avoid the subject, although John would certainly ask what he was talking about.
No. That wasn’t possible. Sherlock had clearly seen wrong. The man had come from somewhere else. But where? Had he been here all along? But what happened to the seal? Nothing remained of it but a crumpled mess of skin on the rocks, like it had been violently eviscerated and deboned in the blink of an eye. Impossible. The man crawled toward the water, splashing it on his face, then turned around, standing up to approach Sherlock.
“You mean about us,” Mycroft said, realizing.
“Not at all.”
John pulled back. Sherlock opened his eyes, meeting John’s uncertain ones.
“That it was, yeah,” John said, smiling back. “I haven’t bonded with a fellow shapeshifter in forever.” He turned to Sherlock with a smile. “And it was so good sharing it with you, too.” Sherlock’s heart warmed at the affection in John’s beautiful blue eyes. “I would love to do it again.” John looked between the two of them. “That is, if you want to. Either of you.”
John shrugged.
“Of course.”
“When you stop chasing after criminals without any backup, any protection other than your over-inflated ego and your stupid assumptions that you’re invincible. If John hadn’t happened to be swimming by at exactly the right time, you would be dead. By your own admission. So don’t you dare argue with me. You replaced one addiction with another, and it’s just as likely to get you killed.”
“Obviously.”
“He was my friend before he was yours. You were only interested in him at first because he gave you access to police cases.”
“I like the sound of that. Lead on.”
He scrolled through the latest violent crime news while waiting for him to reply.
“I was surprised by the revelation, but no, we did not have a row. We did have a long discussion, but about something completely different. Would it be possible for you to contain your curiosity until tomorrow? I don’t have the energy to talk about it right now.”
Sherlock glared at Mycroft’s self-satisfied smirk.
“I’ll hold you to that. And call me John. We might as well be on a first name basis since I’m about to show you my biggest secret. I’ll be back in a minute.”
“Of course it was.”
“No. I mean, I don’t think so. Yes, I want to get back together, if he stops being pigheaded about not interfering in my future happiness. I don’t think kids are in the cards for me anymore. I told him that.”
Sure, his lips were smiling, but his eyes were saying,
“I don’t want another apology. I want to know how you are. That’s what friends do, isn’t it? I thought we were supposed to be closer now since we cuddled together, or does that only apply to shapeshifters? You talked to John about Mycroft and you just met him.”
Sherlock didn’t often eat his feelings, but he had a keen need to right now. He pulled out his phone and dialed Mycroft’s number, his motions automatic, unthinking.
“You looked freaked out.”
“There might be some truth to what you said.”
“You know what it is,” Sherlock said, amazed. “You perceive something I can’t. Is it through smell? Can you smell a hormonal difference in Greg from a moment ago?”
“But no one gets anything exclusively on their own merit,” Sherlock said, frowning. “Or despite of it.”
Oh. Lestrade didn’t sound judgmental or angry, but the disappointment in his voice smarted in a way that it hadn’t done a few moments before.
John bobbed his head up and down in a way that Sherlock had learned meant bashful embarrassment and made a happy utterance. He slid off the sofa onto the floor and hopped to Sherlock, who lowered his legs to receive him. John pushed him to the ground, pressing him down with his flippers to lick his face. Sherlock laughed. It was like being licked by a dog. Or Greg. God, his life was weird. Sherlock grabbed John, half hugging, half pretending to hold him back, luxuriating in the feel of his warm fur even as John’s whiskers tickled his face and neck.
“Are you actually able to prevent him from doing anything, though?” John asked.
“Yu could adopt. An older child perhaps, instead of a baby. That would make it more viable.”
“It’s fine. I didn’t actually care.”
“Yes, that’s certainly a plus. I’m never bored with him. It’s so hard to find non-boring people. And he doesn’t treat me like a freak.” Sherlock’s fingers wiggled in his lap. “He likes me for me, not just the usefulness of my intellectual abilities.”
Sherlock adopted a faux, understanding expression.
“So why exactly did you decide to grace me with this visit?” Sherlock asked. “It wasn’t to carry my things up the stairs.”
“That’s part of the secret, is it?” he said, smiling again. “Never mind, then. I’ll have the documents ready by this evening. Apologies for the rude interruption to your day, Dr. Watson. I’ll have your car brought here. Good day to you both.”
“It was a couple of cuts and a sprained ankle,” he said, peeved. “I was hardly dying.”
Greg started getting up. Sherlock placed a hand on his upper arm, arresting his movement.
And again.
“Of course. You’re not the type. John filled me in on all the myths, but he wasn’t sure about some details. You don’t require a moon to transform, yes? Full or otherwise?”
The phone call made, Sherlock stewed for a bit upstairs to settle himself, then went back downstairs to find that John had retreated outside and was sitting on the porch on the side of the house that faced the ocean. It was a small deck, made of hexagonal, red brick to create a flat surface that wouldn’t muddy with the rain. A glass, deck chair and a couple of wooden chairs sat atop it. Before Sherlock came along, John had mostly used the second chair as a footrest. John sat facing the ocean, leaning heavily on his arms against the table, face drawn with nostalgia for his past home. Sherlock sat down next to him, pulling up the chair so that their shoulders brushed together as Sherlock leaned against him as far as he could with the armrests in the way. It would be a lot easier to comfort John on the sofa or on the bench that John had mused about getting after Sherlock had complained that he couldn’t cuddle him out here. Sherlock should just buy it and declare it to be an early birthday present. Yet the small amount of contact made John smile, sad though his expression was. He took Sherlock’s right hand and tugged it on the table, encasing it in both of his.
“Like it? I love it.”
Sherlock waved the question away.
“We’ll see,” he said. “But I’m afraid it’s going to have to wait. I began a new one last night while watching Blue Planet on mute.”
Sherlock could feel Mycroft’s glare at his back and grinned. John had told him to tease away. He’d told Mycroft far worse than that.
So ghost were real, were they? No need to indulge in the mental exercise of the abominable bride ever again. There was no secret conspiracy of living women. Mr. Ricoletti had been killed by his wife’s ghost. The ghost was real. All ghosts were real. Well, some were probably still fabrications, but who knew which ones anymore, since now some had been granted the honor of reality. And he really should be careful not to step into a fairy circle the next time he was in Ireland, or disturb a fairy tree. Who knew what kind of horrors those tiny beings would visit on him for the audacity of dismissing them as a preposterous fiction for so many years.
“I can leave if you’re tired. We can catch up later.”
John better not say that dragons were also real. There was no chance in hell that Sherlock was believing that. Every ounce of energy went into keeping his voice steady as he told Gregson John’s address, hanging up when the DI began to complain about Sherlock going MIA.
“Thank you. We’ll talk about this then, I promise.”
“It looks excessive,” Sherlock complained.
“What are you doing here?” Greg asked, confused. “Is something wrong?”
“That sounds serious,” he said.
“We’re hardly in a medieval epic, but fine. You have my word that John Watson has nothing to fear from me. Now, tell me. Who is he?”
“Yes, immensely.”
“Did your finger get bent when you learned how to write?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock shook his head.
“I do.”
“Sure am.”
“I don’t mind at all. Why should couples get to have all the fun?”
“Okay. Are you going to compare my eyes to the sea, too, because they’re blue?”
“Four days later, there they were standing on my desk.”
Sherlock raised a brow.
They both started and turned to him with awkward expressions, Greg’s more uncomfortable than John’s. John sighed, looking resigned.
“Did you? Which part?”
“But now you are interested.”
“Come on. Bed.”
“That massage feels nice,” John said.
“When Susan cheated on him, I was furious. As much as I may have fantasized about being with him like before in my low moments, I never wanted his marriage to falter. I have mixed feelings, as people say, about it now. There’s no chance of Greg having children with me, and yet…”
The instant that he appeared, Sherlock waved so that John would have no trouble spotting him. A smile widened on John’s face when he did so, and he hurried to meet him, raising his hands to Sherlock’s shoulders and tugging him down. But there was no need. Sherlock eagerly pressed his forehead against his and rubbed his nose against him.
“I do care, but I can yell at you later. Quit stalling. What happened?”
“Hello,” John said. “I brought curry from that place you like. Did you have a good day?”
“It’s not too much of an imposition?”
Breakfast followed downstairs in Mrs. Hudson’s “non-toxic” kitchen, as she called it. John couldn’t help himself from agreeing before casting Sherlock an awkward glance and an apologetic shrug.
“You won’t know unless you try.”
Mycroft smiled, relieved.
“It’s different from cuddling with a human,” he said, trying to keep his voice even and calm, but John divined his worry and dropped his head on his shoulder.
“Well, it’s something, at least.”
Sherlock awoke far too early for his liking. The clock read 7:06 in the morning light streaming in through the shut, blue curtains. A sunny day would be welcome at a later hour, but not this one, not when John and he had rolled into bed past midnight arguing over an ill-conceived game of Cluedo. Whoever had created that ill written form of “entertainment” had clearly not an ounce of knowledge of deduction or of a killer’s motivations.
“No. Mycroft wasn’t in the picture yet. I know Greg’s smart. There’s no need to defend his honor. But, like the rest of the Yard, he lacks the necessary nuanced outlook and careful focus to detect those crucial details that are needed to catch a truly cunning criminal. He needs me on this.”
There he was, appearing at the threshold like an overgrown bat with lofty ideas of itself. Mycroft bore his usual smarmy expression, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes, and he had his umbrella in hand despite having been here a while. He wasn’t about to leave, which meant that he clung to it in its capacity as a comfort item, his grip just a tad tighter than normal. The signs were so subtle that anyone else would have missed them, but not Sherlock. Mycroft was nervous. Uncertain. Sherlock hadn’t seen him like this in years. Had their phone conversation really shaken him up this badly?
Mycroft laughed, an open, loud laugh. Sherlock startled. Mycroft never laughed like that. It wasn’t in his emotional repertoire. Yet here he was, his smirk replaced by a bright smile, the stress lifting from his face. Sherlock frowned at him for a second before a smile jerked on his own lips. Wait, why was he smiling? He and Mycroft didn’t smile together, not for ages, especially not when Sherlock insulted hm. Well, teased him, really. He hadn’t been aiming to hurt, not even to irritate now that he thought of it. This should feel strange. It did feel strange. Yet…
“I wish it could be that simple, but it’s too late. You’re already on his radar. Even if he lets you go, he will have you watched. He’s had me watched. He’s already been willing to sacrifice his relationship with me for my supposed good.”
“I never told you anything that was untrue.”
Mycroft signed. Again. He seemed filled with an interminable supply of them today.
“Of course I have. And it’s not too fast. John and I have seen and shared more of each other than most people in the same time frame. He showed you what he is practically at the start. That was for me. So you can backdate our commitment to then. This one is just of a different sort.”
“From school into uni. I’ve been clean for seven years, not that he’ll believe me. I have come close since then, but I haven’t indulged, much to my mental disappointment.”
“Greg, what on Earth are you talking about? John’s reaction to what?”
“Yes, he bloody told me. Why didn’t you?”
Mycroft’s fingers stilled.
Mycroft seemed to be incapable of looking above the floor today.
“It’s okay,” he said. “I like doing that. Just…”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said, only a wisp of discomfort entering his voice.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Please.”
“I’m merely asking as your friend,” Sherlock said, adopting an expression of pure innocence.
Now it was Mrs. Hudson’s turn to sigh in exasperation.
“I know, but you do tend to push yourself too hard.”
“Of course we’re worried,” Mrs. Hudson said. “We love you. We couldn’t not worry about even if you had some boring office job and never put yourself in harm’s way.”
“I appreciate that, but your simple answer helps immensely. Committed monogamy isn’t only the province of romantic relationships. Although I’m not sure if a queerplatonic relationship would be applicable since you feel romantic attraction towards me.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock blurted out, looking away at the wall, his voice as stiff as his back.
“Because that would involve spending too much time on land?”
John chuckled knowingly.
Sherlock groaned into his hands.
Mycroft rolled the fork between his fingers.
John laughed. Sherlock gazed at the prettiness of his smile in fascination.
“That didn’t sound sarcastic at all,” Greg said.
“Mycroft,” he said, suddenly out of step. “I didn’t expect to see you here.”
“You can hear the wind and the waves, can’t you?”
He deposited Sherlock gently on the sofa, making sure that his ankle was well raised on a cushion. He placed another cushion behind Sherlock’s back.
Another dead body had been found, apparent suicide to anyone who didn’t have the mental capacity to look closely. No obvious signs of assault. Dead from poison, self-administered. A twenty-year-old this time. No link to the previous victim, yet exactly the same method of death. This had serial killer written all over it. Sherlock hopped on his toes, grinning from ear to ear. Bouncing, he started texting Greg.
The cab.
There wasn’t much point in doing so if he was moving out soon, for that was their purpose. Nor did he have anyone to impress in the meantime. Greg visited Mycroft more than Mycroft visited him. A friend had come over recently, as there were two beer glasses on the drying board. Not today, though. The hour didn’t fit, nor did the water stains on the glasses. Last night. Greg just couldn’t be bothered to clear up. Lack of time might also be responsible, but the remote on the sofa, recent box of Thai takeaway on the coffee table, and head imprint on a side cushion indicated that Greg had taken his time heading up to shower after coming home from work.
“How much longer do you plan on staying?” John asked.
“What happened afterwards?” he asked. “Were you riveted by his conversation? Charmed by his smile?” Sherlock’s cheeks burned. “Other things?”
Greg’s legs entered Mycroft’s field of vision. His shoes, oxfords, were scuffed from wear and tear. A long scratch along the tip of his right shoe indicated where it had rubbed against barbed wire. He cleaned them, but not well. At least three different sorts of dirt were nestled between the uppers and the soles, and mud splattered the leather, soft and wrinkled. He’d had them for over a year. Had changed the laces once, two, no three months ago. His trousers were also splashed, small traces of mud clinging to the hems.
“You are.”
Sherlock kicked his past self. But it was asinine. Still. Sacrifices must be endured.
Right.
“You also don’t like when I start talking without saying hello.”
“I do.”
“I appreciate your offer, truly, but perhaps the fact that we are both so flustered might be a sign that we’re not ready to be face to face yet. I promise you, I will be alright. Just a few more hours and the day will be over, and it will be another regular Monday.”
“You should get on,” John said, voice subdued, his saddened frown matching Sherlock’s own.
The silence between them was not so comfortable now. Damn it, why did he have to open his mouth and say that? Though it wasn’t like he hadn’t already shown John his needle scars and made it clear that it wasn’t pharmaceuticals that had made them.
“Just telling him that I’m not some shady, foreign agent certainly hasn’t been working so far.” John’s hands clenched at his sides, swinging tensely back and forth, head down, lips pursed. “I never planned for this. My documents weren’t designed to hold up to the scrutiny of British Intelligence and overprotective, older brothers.”
“Sure, when someone’s been murdered.”
Mycroft titled his head in consideration, as if he hadn’t been doing so already.
“May I pet you?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock pulled out his mobile and opened the text app.
“You’ve been inundating me with questions all day,” John continued. “But you didn’t ask about this. I appreciate that.”
```````````````````
“Oh thank God.” He looked back down at the book. “This was probably a waste of money, but I wanted to make sure I didn’t miss anything.”
He lowered his bow with a frustrated huff, narrowing his eyes at the cerulean surf beating against the beach below. A movement at the periphery of his vision caught his attention. Several meters away, a figure walked away from the cliff. Male. 1.7 meters in height, maybe. Blonde hair, possibly shot with some grey. Impossible to be certain at this distance. He wore an off-white jumper and jeans, light clothing for this weather. His hunched shoulders and lowered head indicated the wish to not be noticed, which was confirmed by his quickening steps and startled face when he looked over his shoulder and noticed Sherlock’s gaze. He had been listening to Sherlock play and was embarrassed to be caught at it. No matter. If Sherlock minded being overheard, he wouldn’t be out here. Even if he was playing a lackluster piece that wouldn’t obey all his exhortations to function properly.
“At least I didn’t think I was hallucinating.”
Sherlock smiled, worry replaced by warmth as he admired the soft affection on John’s face. God, he could spend hours in a quiet study of John’s every feature.
“The thief was killed by an animal,” Mycroft said. “His injuries leave no doubt about it. So it can’t be that.”
“Most people tell me to sod off within five minutes of knowing me.”
“Precisely.”
“So you said. Where did you come from? What is that?”
“Uh, yeah, but I expected that you did those particular ones at Barts, not at home. Are you legally allowed to have these here?”
John’s hands jerked to a stop, lips tightening, before resuming his examination.
Happiness welled up in Sherlock’s chest as he smiled back.
“I find it highly doubtful that I won’t like them. I like the one you played at the cliffs. You’re judging yourself too harshly for that one. You should finish it.”
Sherlock tapped his fingertips together.
“You look acceptable, I suppose,” Sherlock said, stepping back to let him in.
Mycroft sighed dramatically, as if he were the one being inconvenienced here.
Gratification sparkled in John’s eyes.
“Easily.”
She went back into her flat.
John finally did as he was asked and they were off to the crime scene. He never enjoyed riding in a police cruiser, but John balked at paying for a cab when Greg could take them. Sherlock scowled at the partition between the front and back seats the entire way but kept his mind on task, mind buzzing with possibilities as he soaked up every detail of the files that Greg was finally letting him look at. And John was here with him this time. Finally! Talking through cases with him over the phone was nowhere near the same as having him at his side, examining a body right in front of their eyes, dazzling John with what was really basic observational skills, but John praised him and gazed at him like Sherlock was the most amazing being that he had ever seen. Coming from John, a living miracle, that meant more than Sherlock could ever express.
John turned to him with surprise.
That looked too defensive. Hs arms flailed about for a moment, not knowing what to do with themselves. He yearned to fold his left leg up to his chest and hug it, but that would look worse in this situation, and he was not having it.
“I have to be, don’t I? There’s no getting off his radar now.”
“Bye,” John and Sherlock said in unison, giggling at the coincidence.
“I guess.”
He couldn’t bear to see that terrified sorrow on Mycroft’s face again. As much as he couldn’t stand the git at times, he couldn’t be the cause of that.
“You were being supportive a minute ago. Why don’t we get back to that?”
“Um… Well, um… The head of the clan offers the prospective person a place in their clan in front of witnesses. The person, I, accept and adopt that clan’s name.”
However, Greg himself felt that awkwardness, so he spent the bulk of his socializing time with his other friends and family, including John and Sherlock. They had even gone to a pub quiz, along with Mrs. Hudson. Mycroft wasn’t sure whether he was glad or disappointed to have to miss it due to being buried in work. Really quite a handy excuse, even when it was true. He was very glad that this was not the case today. Greg and he had spoken regularly, but they hadn’t seen each other since he had come over after Sherlock’s own unusual visit. The fact that Greg was visiting now, with such little preamble, signified something, yet Mycroft hesitated to speculate on what. One week after finalizing a divorce was much too soon to jump into another sexual relationship unless it was a rebound, which this better not be. Perhaps Greg had been brought low by this emotional time and desired in-person comfort from Mycroft.
“Yeah, I know.”
Mycroft’s eyes softened as he looked at Mrs. Hudson.
“Yeah, well, you didn’t have crutches at the beach. And we’re on firm pavement now, not rocks.”
“Again, I have been here before. But that would be lovely, thanks.”
“I like that. Let’s go with that. Partners.”
“I need your word, Mycroft.”
“You look happy, but overwhelmed.”
Waiting for John to come home was agony. Sherlock tried to read, scrolled through Twitter, took a few steps outside, sat down on the porch facing the ocean, wondered how many magical, sea creatures swam under the waves just outside his vision, and went back inside to try to read again.
“Right. I guess, uh… the novelty hasn’t worn off yet.”
“Excellent. I’m impressed. You know a lot more than I gave you credit for. It’s a relief to not have to explain all this stuff. Not that I expected you to think I was some frigid weirdo.”
“Could you please start making sense? Just tell me what it is.”
“I will hold you to that.”
“A bit.” Sherlock grinned. “I lead a precarious lifestyle. I may require daily consults.”
Greg looked up at him, mouth open as if in a grin and wagged his tail. He leaned his head to the side and gave Mycroft’s left hand a small lick. Mycroft raised a brow. Did that count as a kiss in werewolf body language? Well, Mycroft wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth. He renewed his petting.
“I never thought that showing you my secret would take this turn,” he said.
John grimaced.
Sherlock rushed to sit down on the sofa and leaned forward on his elbows, looking up at Greg expectantly, mentally willing him to let loose about what a prat Mycroft was. Greg rolled his eyes and rubbed his face, left hand on his hip, but his resistance was flagging.
The alarm in Sherlock’s phone blared.
“Just what the hell do you hope to accomplish with this little show, Mycroft?” Sherlock hissed.
“I hope you haven’t told him that. People don’t like hearing it.”
“He’s as smart as you, isn’t he?”
So Sherlock wasn’t able to get an inside glimpse into selkie society by observing the seals fish and frolic on screen, yet John said that their behaviors were very similar, just like they were similar to humans. Sherlock got nearly three episodes in before he drifted off to sleep.
“And that’s what you want, is it? You know it’s not.”
“Yes, you should have,” he said, stiff, not wanting to give an inch even as his worry grew. “Apology accepted, if that’s what it will take to get you to move onto what happened with Greg already.”
As if Greg had heard him, his reply came in at the next second.
Sherlock dropped back on the sofa, groaning again.
Why was Greg smiling? Stop smiling. This was not funny.
“Did we tire you out?” Greg asked as he came back into the sitting room, buttoning up his shirt. He looked much more relaxed than the last time that he’d been human shaped.
“I didn’t know you were a poet as well as a musician,” John said, grinning from ear to ear.
“It’s not a problem. I sleep in seal form half the time, anyway, and I can do that on the floor. It’s more comfortable than it sounds. Much more than napping on rocky shoals, which I’m used to.”
No more proof was needed than his love for his little brother, who treated his desire to take care of him as an attack on his freedom and intelligence. When Sherlock had first grown addicted to the various cocktails of drugs that ravaged his body for years, Mycroft developed insomnia. His work performance, so important as a fresh face at the ministry, slipped and he needed a sleeping tablet prescription to be able to sleep at all. Sherlock invaded his every waking thought.
A couple of months passed before they renewed their lunches. Mycroft was sure that Greg suspected his protestations of work to be excuses, but he let him get away with them. When Mycroft saw him again, Greg was a happily married man in the flush of his new life, filled with love for his wife and hope for the future. Yet he reiterated that he wanted Mycroft to be part of that future as well. They settled back into their previous routine, trying for biweekly lunches now. Mycroft lifted his proscription against drinking while making sure to moderate himself, and learned to accept the position that Greg now had in his life. As time went by, the sting grew less. He found himself being happier and less saddened by Greg’s satisfaction in his marriage.
“Am I?”
“I told Mrs. Hudson that you inspired me to work on a composition about fantastical sea creatures. I played a little of it for her. That’s not what the composition was about, but never mind. She said that the subject was fascinating and fun to think about, so there’s that.”
He was being stupid. There were no great white sharks anywhere near here and the few killer whales lived off the coast of Scotland. As far as more unorthodox beings were concerned (John disliked the terms “fantastical” and “supernatural”), John said that there wasn’t anything dangerous in these waters. John knew where it was safe to swim. He had been fine for years before Sherlock had shown up, so there was no use fussing about it.
Lestrade frowned as if Sherlock had said something confusing.
“There is a chance that they’ll grow to accept it,” Mycroft said, sounding so very certain of that.
Greg met his eyes, wide and scared. Mycroft pinched his lips, a flinch jerking at the corner of his mouth, terrified of what he was revealing with his gaze. But it would be disrespectful to look away now.
He gasped internally. Where had that come from?
John’s defensiveness retreated for a moment in favor of a bemused smile.
John touched Sherlock’s shoulders, gentle, so very gentle. Sherlock sank into his hands, then his body as he stepped forward and hugged him tightly. John returned the gesture readily, laying a soft kiss on his collarbone. Sherlock trembled at the gesture. So he hadn’t scared John off. If he had decided to touch Sherlock less for fear of giving the wrong impression, Sherlock didn’t know what he would have done.
“I’ll be right back,” he said, walking toward the front door.
After leaving the loo, Sherlock took more than a peek. John remained in the same position, rumbling softly. He snorted, but didn’t wake, not until Sherlock was foolish enough to take a tiny step forward unto a creaky patch of floor. John opened his eyes, head rising in alarm. Sherlock kicked himself. He’d wanted to watch John sleep for a bit longer. John settled as soon as he saw Sherlock. He dropped his head again and rolled onto his side in a full body stretch before wiggling his skin off. His eyes were still closed as his human face emerged, sandy hair tousled, skin softened in sleep even though it had not been the one pressed against the floor.
“I would never think that,” Greg said, placing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezing lightly, his gaze as earnest as it had ever been. “You know that, right?”
Mycroft grinned back.
“No, I need the fingers. I can’t possibly be done with them before Saturday. And I’m keeping the eyes, too. I’ll move them somewhere less in the way.”
“The risotto will be plenty.”
Still, there were a lot of loopholes open to him, actions that didn’t involve coaxing, pushing, or harassing. Sherlock was allowed to talk to Greg. They were friends, after all, and that’s what friends did.
John wrapped a arm and a leg over Sherlock, burrowing his face into Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock laughed, feeling better.
`````````````````
“Sherlock’s not going to tell him,” John said, raising a brow at Sherlock, who rolled his eyes.
“Very well. I shall make the sacrifice of sitting next to you without being able to cuddle you.”
“You’re wrong,” Sherlock said. “You’re not the smart one. You’re being a fucking idiot.”
“Earth to Sherlock.”
The door knocker was straight. Mycroft was here. Christ, why did he have to be here? Hadn’t their last phone conversation been uncomfortable enough? It couldn’t be because it had been so very long since they’d seen each other. He had only kidnapped John three weeks ago. Cursing under his breath, Sherlock unlocked the door and went inside. Leaving his suitcase by the coat rack, he headed straight for 221A, whose door was already being opened by a smiling Mrs. Hudson.
“Fine. I won’t tell him that.”
John was likely ducking his head with a determined look, half a smile jerking on his face. Sherlock wished that he could see it. They could turn this into a video call, but the moment would have passed. Oh, well. He’d be seeing John’s pretty face plenty tonight.
Sherlock balked for a moment at being viewed as entertainment, but the distraction seemed to be calming John a bit, and there was little that Sherlock enjoyed more than goading Mycroft, so he pushed on.
With John, he didn’t even try, for what would be the point? As soon as Sherlock lowered his bow, John broke into happy applause.
“I’m surprised myself.”
“And in the very unlikely case that it isn’t, you’ll have words with him?”
After what he’d nearly done two years ago. Mycroft wouldn’t do anything to jeopardize that.
“How have you been?” Greg asked, adopting the best casual expression that he could muster, which wasn’t nearly enough to disguise the worry in his eyes, the knowledge that if Mycroft answered with something negative, it was likely to be his fault. So Mycroft chose to avoid the question.
“I don’t think it is. I mean, I’m not ready to, you know, start things again. That’s not why I’m offering. I didn’t mean to give that impression. If I gave that impression.”
He closed the door behind them and a minion quickly stepped in to guard it. Mycroft led him to a room two doors down. It was empty save for a desk shoved against the wall and an old computer chair.
“Of course it’s not a problem. I was just surprised. If he had seen you naked, that is. Although it could have been an accident, this theoretical situation. I just assumed that you weren’t comfortable being naked in front of anyone.” He frowned. “Now that I think about it, I shouldn’t have just assumed that. How do you feel about it? Other than for cuddling, that is?”
John’s lips worked soundlessly for a second. He lifted his left hand from Sherlock’s foot, yet didn’t remove it from his lap, as if he were afraid to move.
Before long, the sound of a car reached his ears. A blue-grey sedan, four years old, came from the north, parking as close as its driver dared without risking getting stuck on the pebbles. John emerged, dressed in a jumper and jeans. Sherlock’s eyes widened. That’s where he had seen him. The man who had heard him playing the violin. That had been John.
appeared at the bottom of the thread. The dots popped up. Then vanished. Grunting, Sherlock stood up and paced around the room. The dots appeared again. And disappeared again. Sherlock switched apps, about to call Greg when the man finally replied.
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world. Come on, John.”
Lestrade’s eyes narrowed. He wasn’t buying it. Of course not. He did have some deductive abilities, as if Sherlock weren’t being obvious enough.
John laughed. There was the charming smile that Sherlock had been yearning for. He stood up and rushed to him like he’d wanted to do before, and grasped his shoulders and the back of his neck, leaning down to nuzzle his face. John wrapped his arms around him and met him eagerly.
“To be honest,” he said, voice a bit stronger and less apologetic now. “Some of your claims are a bit far-fetched. How could you possibly identify an airline pilot by his thumb?”
Sherlock shook his head.
“It looks fine.”
“I wouldn’t go so far as to call them grievances. And not like that, no. Here, let me move around a bit.” Lifting Sherlock’s legs, he folded his right leg under him so that he could face Sherlock, an earnest expression on his face. “Look, we’re not going to like everything about each other. We’re going to rub each other the wrong way sometimes. That’s inevitable. I’m sure there’s stuff that I do that you’re not keen on.”
Sherlock was startled by the thick softness in his voice. He straightened, swallowing, barely daring to meet John’s fascinated eyes.
“Fine. I see your point.”
“You’re a man. A perfectly ordinary, human man. Not a selkie or a merman or anything so ludicrous.”
“I’m putting my head back down now,” Sherlock said, leaning back against John.
“You know about Greg, too? How? I didn’t bloody know.”
“You what?”
“Okay,” Sherlock said. “Can we go upstairs now?”
“I know Sherlock has been monologing to you about cases,” Greg said. “It doesn’t matter.”
John snorted.
Aha! Gregory. He knew it started with a “g”. Sherlock made a special note of it in his mind palace. Lestrade’s name had never been important enough to remember, but it wasn’t worth people constantly rubbing it in his face. Shoving the matter out of his mind, he returned to his book.
“I didn’t, though. I… I didn’t think I’d get a reply, so I didn’t bother. But then you called me, so that worked out.”
“Are you calling me ugly?”
“I merely want to know how you are,” Sherlock said.
“So do you.”
John sighed, slouching back in his seat as he shook his head, glancing out the window.
Mycroft yanked on Sherlock’s hand, but he ceased trying to escape as Sherlock spoke. His spooked eyes didn’t leave John for a moment. John had stopped a couple of yards from them, sitting up on his flippers, calm and inoffensive.
“Yes, I do accept.”
“Hm. Good point. If you roll over me in this form, you could serve as a blanket.”
“Not even close. He’s never going to live this one down.” Sherlock stood up, grinning. “I feel so much better now. Upstairs?”
“Don’t worry,” he said. “You’re not as bad as all that. And you’re still prettier than Mycroft.”
“Fine. Go on, then. Be my guest.”
“The fact that you thought of it at all is a problem.”
“How does it feel when I do this?” John asked.
“There’s no guarantee of that,” he muttered.
Sherlock immediately let go of John and grabbed the bag, taking out its contents.
“Go on,” Mycroft said. “I can’t see how I would be cross no matter what happened.”
He should pause and take down a notation as the composition sprung to his mind, but he would lose the moment, and he wasn’t too keen on preserving this one yet. It was still too rushed, too malformed. It had been clattering against the walls of his skull for days now, a sudden spring of inspiration here and there, but refusing to coalesce into a coherent whole.
“But you wanted to, didn’t you? You considered it. Of course you did.”
Mycroft tensed, breath stopping in his throat. Tempting offer, but it might be too soon. Pressing the issue before Greg was ready might prove disastrous, even if Greg was doing the offering. But if he denied Greg, would it be out of some misplaced need to control the situation, just as Sherlock had so painfully put it?
“I can manage on my own,” he bit out when the man offered to help him get in the car.
John nodded to himself.
“My lack of desire in that area still remains,” Mycroft said. “Your options aren’t spent.”
“Torture.”
“That was amazing,” John said.
Mycroft sat down on Sherlock’s sorry excuse for a sofa and crossed his legs at the knee, looking out the window with a resigned sigh.
“Do you want me to kick out Mycroft?” Sherlock asked John when Mycroft was in the loo. “I’ll do so gladly.”
“Except for Mrs. Hudson. Lestrade claims not to be, but he’s lying. So yes. You are a rare breed. It’s refreshing.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said. Might as well give in this one time to keep John happy. “Apologies. I’m not much one for…”
“Is this okay?” John asked.
The mini fridge took up too much counter space. Honestly, having two fridges next to each other was ludicrous. The large one was mostly empty now. There had been plenty of room in that one, but nooo.
“I don’t do this with her.”
Mycroft raised an amused brow.
Sherlock dropped into his chair. Fuck, his ankle was killing him. He snatched his hands out of his pockets, unable to keep his fingers still anymore. He shouldn’t be biting his nails. He’d told himself to stop. They wound up horribly mangled every time, and he had to cut them even shorter, but he couldn’t manage to yank his fingers out of his mouth. Mycroft pulled up the desk chair and sat down across from him.
Sherlock scoffed and dove back into the kitchen.
“Uh, yeah,” John said. “We can do that.” John grinned at Sherlock. “It has to be your name, of course.”
“Thank you for not making a big deal about this,” Sherlock said.
Shit. How long had Sherlock been standing in front of the wardrobe staring at nothing?
“Leave it there,” Greg moaned.
That was a relief. It made sense. Social animals were generally physically affectionate with all of those who they shared bonds with. Certain annoying human cultures were the exception.
They entered the kitchen.
“That was one time,” Mycroft said. So testy. “And I was sixteen. You hardly did any better at that age.”
“Evening,” Greg said, smiling. “Already right back at it, from what I can smell.”
, John texted the next morning.
Pausing the movie, Mycroft placed his hands on Greg’s shoulders and drew Greg to him. He came eagerly, folding his legs under him to half curl onto Mycroft, burying his head in the curve of Mycroft’s neck and shoulder, wrapping his arms fiercely around him. His tears soaked through Mycroft’s shirt. Mycroft shut his eyes, his own breath hitching at the palpable sensation of Greg’s pain. He mentally cursed Susan into oblivion. His right hand rose automatically, seeking Greg’s hair, to dig his fingers in its softness and stroke him like he had done so many times before. Nothing had ever soothed Greg as much as Mycroft rubbing his hair. Yet it felt too intimate, even now. Too close to what they had once been yet would never be again. Mycroft couldn’t take that liberty, especially not when Greg was pining for someone else. He dropped his hand, rubbing Greg’s back instead, murmuring that everything would be alright.
Sherlock pursed his lips, but didn’t bother protesting. He had already shot himself in the foot, and it was too late to get himself out of it. He extended a gracious arm toward Mrs. Hudson’s door with a wide grin of fake cheer on his face.
“Show them to me, anyway. You know I’m partial to a good story.”
“Of course,” Mrs. Hudson said, flashing her charming smile. “He’s very attached to you. He was so relieved when you reacted well to his true nature. Many don’t.”
“And old ladies looking to chat up the handsome doctor in the only socially acceptable way that they can.”
“No, I didn’t.”
Sherlock grabbed a rock, prepared to use it if he needed to. The thief lied on the ground, still dead, still bleeding. A seal had killed him, yet now this man was here. Sherlock had missed something. Obviously. Was the blood part of the hallucination? Was the man? Was he even here at all, or was he a figment of Sherlock’s imagination? Why would a naked doctor crawl out from under a sealskin on the beach to tend to Sherlock?
“You don’t need to. I know you… I know you must think of me…” Sherlock swallowed, struggling to get the words out. “That way, at times.”
“But he can do it faster. And he wants to stay in my good graces, so he’ll do anything I say.”
“Why do you want me to think you’re a selkie?” Sherlock asked as John checked his ankle again.
“There’s been a status change in my relationship with John.”
“I thought you’d accepted my apology.”
“I’m ready,” Mrs. Hudson announced, fastening a violet scarf around her neck. “Oh, before I forget. Did you have a dog at your flat earlier? I found all these hairs when I was sweeping yesterday. Too many for you to have just tracked in.”
“I don’t see me not wanting to be with you anytime soon, if ever, so there’s no need for you to worry.”
“Well, sit down,” Sherlock said. “You’re going to need it.”
“I have sticky toffee for afters,” Mrs. Hudson said once they’d served themselves. Mycroft wasn’t getting that much special treatment. “Greg mentioned that it’s your favorite.”
“Sorry.”
“Apologize one more time Greg Lestrade, and I will have to ask you to leave.”
“It’s a pleasure, Mrs. Hudson,” Mycroft said, extending his hand. “I’ve been looking forward to meeting you. Sherlock is very excited to move in.”
Sherlock stood stock still as the remaining police officers departed, save for his right hand tapping furiously on his thigh. John noticed. He took Sherlock’s other hand in both of his and held it with a firm pressure.
“You can ask, you know,” Sherlock said. “I’ll tell you.”
“What?” John said, appalled. “They’re not rubbish. Did he seriously say that?”
“Of course I am. I’ve always been here by myself. Besides, Mrs. Hudson is here, so I’m not completely alone. If this is a circuitous way of coaxing me to stay at your house, I’m afraid I must decline.”
“You can’t be sure of that,” Sherlock said, rocking back and forth again.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes, but followed Sherlock’s advice, joining him on the sofa.
Sherlock scowled. Damn it, maybe Mycroft was right. Mrs. Hudson had been quite shocked when she’d first seen his specimens, but surely John wasn’t so squeamish, was he?
He could visualize Mycroft’s long-suffering annoyance in the short pause that followed.
`````````````````
“I don’t get it, either. Yes, he’s pleased. He’s hoping for the one nearest here.”
“Yes. He’s fine with it. No problems there.” The smile that had come over Sherlock’s face withered a bit. “You don’t think that it’s going to become a problem in the future, do you?”
“Did you get his text?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock swore never to bring a disembodied, human head into 221B Baker Street.
“Do you? In a puppy dog sort of way?”
John’s open expression shut down, his earnest and desperate friendliness clouding over.
“I expect that he’ll be a special kind of surprised this time around,” Sherlock said, covering up the phone microphone.
“Don’t tell me you’ve been feeling guilty about that all these years. I told you, there’s no need.”
“I did. But you didn’t say how long you would take and I thought maybe you’d changed your mind.”
Sherlock did so, taking in the foyer at a glance. It was a pretty typical house. 1990s construction, yet remodeled in a modern style. Crisp, off white walls. Pleasant art prints for decoration, along assorted knickknacks. A frame had once stood on a tall, slender table beside the door, where a small wicker basket held Greg’s keys and wallet. The size indicated the sort that usually held family portraits. It had clearly been a picture of Susan, or Susan and Greg together. The were various such instances visible through the sitting room, as well. The pair were quite fond of photographs. There were obvious gaps between the remaining ones on tables and on one of the walls of the sitting room where some had been removed. What remained were of Greg, relatives and friends. Not shared friends, surely. None of the furniture had been dusted in ages, although the floor had at least been swept within the past week. A stack of cardboard boxes was wedged between the fridge and the counter. A coating of dust clung to their upper edges. Greg had purchased the boxes, had stored them in the first place that he could think of to get them out of the way, and hadn’t bothered to put them anywhere else.
“That was rather forward of me, wasn’t it? I apologize for the nudity, but I can’t say that I regret it.”
“No. I didn’t say that. Just… Can’t you keep them in a separate fridge? A small fridge dedicated just for specimens?”
“Alright. As you now know, Greg and I used to be in a physical relationship. You’ve doubtlessly figured out that he’s the person who I had my bit of an emotional doubt over four years ago.”
“That’s all the reassurance I need. I don’t mind at all.”
The end of those twenty minutes arrived much too soon. With immense reluctance, they untangled themselves and got up. They lingered close to each other as they got ready to leave, which was a rushed affair since they had squeezed out as much bed time as they could. They stopped by the café, grabbed two egg sandwiches, and drove to the train station. There were only about ten minutes left before Sherlock’s train departed, so there was no need for John to park the car and accompany him to the platform, but he insisted.
“Well, I’m not really good about doing something big for Valentine’s Day, but yeah. I like giving people flowers and stuff. So what are you looking for here? With us? Is this a date? I thought it was.”
Paranoid. Stupid. So stupid.
“Sure, why not? Come in.”
Admiration grew in Greg’s eyes.
Mycroft sagged for a second in relief before tensing again. He was being ridiculous. Surely, there had been no malicious intention on Greg’s part, and he wouldn’t be considering rekindling anything with him right after deciding to get a divorce. Greg was still very hurt and in love with his soon to be ex-wife. He wasn’t about to use Mycroft for a rebound, not even in his emotionally fragile state.
“Of course not.”
“See?” John said, walking to the car. “Not so hard, now is it?”
John stopped moving, but looked up at him in curiosity.
“Brixton. Hello, John.”
“All good, I hope.”
“Sherlock, you do realize how important this is? It’s the first time that John will be in your flat. Seeing how you live, not just hearing an edited version of it from you.”
“But so what? That’s not a bad thing. Sure, I wish that he wasn’t so damned rude, but he’s very smart. Smartest person I’ve ever met. And he’s a good guy. He’s just not good with people, that’s all.”
Sherlock had been unruly as a child. Nothing had changed, really. Once he got a fixation in his head, there was no dissuading him from it, even if that included dressing up as a pirate in public. Including on their trips to France, as evidenced by the old video Mycroft was viewing. A family trip to the beaches of Nice wouldn’t be complete without pirate attire according to Sherlock. At least the setting made some sense, even if it was the wrong body of water for the stereotypical getup he favored. Their parents were so embarrassed by their little miscreant, but Sherlock would not be budged from their hotel room without his big tricorn, tattered blue bandana, red and white striped t-shirt, and ragged blue trousers. In the end, their parents had no recourse but to indulge him. It was either that or leave Mycroft to babysit the stubborn six-year-old in the room, and why should Mycroft be forced to stay behind just because Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to dress properly for one afternoon?
“A seal, yes. No, the seal didn’t attack me. Far from it. Under ordinary circumstances, that would be enough information for you to make a plausible deduction.”
Sherlock’s fingers shook as he pressed the right sequence of keys to call Gregson. Damn it all. It was only a selkie, not some dragon come to gobble him up.
“He invited you?”
Sherlock shook his head.
John raised a conciliatory hand.
“Thank you. Congratulations to you, too, brother mine.”
“John will forgive him,” Mycroft said.
“So that they don’t fly off when I open a window.”
“Fine.”
Greg snorted, a humorless huff.
“Which makes you a giant to me. I’ve never met a selkie that tall. So I’m not short, I’ll have you know.”
Hs smile faltered. How did selkies feel about this sort of contact? Had Sherlock been inadvertently flirting with him? John wouldn’t take it that way, would he? He was in seal form, for God’s sake. Surely, he couldn’t expect Sherlock to be thinking of that while John looked like this.
“I would be honored.”
He went to the door and opened it. John’s guilt had intensified. He looked haggard and wan. He opened his mouth, probably to apologize again, but Sherlock couldn’t listen to him beat himself up over something he couldn’t control.
Sherlock gritted his teeth, throwing his head against the headrest.
“I mean it,” Greg said it, wretched. “I don’t know if as a friend or something else. I loved you back then, too. I just didn’t realize it until later. But then it faded when I fell in love with Susan. But then she cheated on me. Since then, since I realized that I have to let her go, my feelings for you have resurfaced. No, that’s not the right word. They’ve changed. They’ve always been changing. Evolving. But I still love her, too. So I don’t know what to do now.”
Greg considered this.
Mycroft glanced at John, rubbing the handle of his umbrella with his thumb.
Sherlock chuckled. Did John always behave like this or was he showing off for Sherlock’s benefit? Likely the latter. John kept jumping in longer and longer lunges until he tired himself out. He swam closer to shore and poked his head out. With a ululating grunt and wave, he sank back in the water. His body gleamed close to the surface for a few seconds, then he disappeared off to deeper waters. With a wistful sign, Sherlock grabbed his book, an exploration of deep sea life, and began to read. He didn’t last more than a minute before putting the book aside and grabbed his composing notebook from his coat pocket, picking up where he’d left off. Fresh melodies fluttered in his mind, too quick to write all at once, propelled by the impression of John cavorting in the water and the regular rhythm of the waves brushing cold water along the shiny pebbles. He composed in fits and starts, a long flow of inspiration halted by sudden uncertainty and scratching out of notes on the page. His hand ached from gripping his pencil too tightly by the time he’d tapped himself out. He wasn’t finished with the composition by any means, but it was shaping up very nicely indeed. He hoped that John liked it when it was done.
“No,” Greg said quickly. “I don’t think so, anyway. It’s up to you.”
Mycroft raised a brow in surprise.
Another half hour passed before John emerged from the water. Sherlock looked up at the sound of flippers scuttling on the pebbles, the adorable sight of John hopping along making him smile. It was a pity that John couldn’t spend more time in this form. He was truly a sight for sore eyes. Not that his human form was bad to look at.  Not at all.
“Of course not,” Mrs. Hudson said.
“No need to thank us,” Greg said. “Just tell us how it’s done. I’m afraid I don’t know that bit.”
“Me, too.”
“You could call them that, yes.”
“Of course you’re fretting. You always are. You should learn how to relax. You’ll live longer.”
“You might laugh at me, too. It’s really bad.”
“You’re worried it might affect her nerves?”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” he said mutely.
“Might that have something to do with you being a bit of a difficult patient?”
“Alright,” he said. “I’ll come by.”
“Well, you didn’t just stop sweating,” Greg said, grinning, not seeming to notice the awkwardness of Mycroft’s comment at all. “And you sounded a little out of breath on the phone. I am a detective, you know. Seriously, how do you and Sherlock think I got this job? I’m observant, too.”
“No. I just don’t want to. It’s weird.”
“No, no.” John stroked his hair. “It’s okay. We both reacted on instinct. That’s what worries me.”
“Nothing’s wrong,” Sherlock said. “I can hear you fretting over the phone.”
“Hi,” John said.
Sherlock pursed his lips. He would have been suspicious of Greg, and working with Scotland Yard had made his existence less dreary and unbearable.
“Sherlock? Does your silence mean that you think he could?”
Except that he couldn’t do that because he did actually have to call his own mother, as Mycroft so irritatingly reminded him by ringing him. At least he had the decency to wait until after they finished breakfast, not that he had any way of knowing. Nothing indicated that Mycroft hadn’t kept his word and backed off on surveilling Sherlock. It better stay that way. As soon as Mycroft’s name appeared on his mobile screen, Sherlock groaned, dropped the plates he was carrying on the counter, and went upstairs so he wouldn’t subject John to their conversation.
“Really?” John said, voice light and amazed. “You’re not just flattering me?”
John stared. His eyes softened, flattered and taken aback. He rubbed the back of his neck and took Sherlock’s right hand in both of his, squeezing.
“It was not a hallucination.”
John nodded, clasping him on the shoulder in reassurance.
“A unified name might be tricky,” Mycroft said.
“I have. I’m not making an impulsive decision here. I think it’s easier to tell him. And having the British government on my side wouldn’t be a bad thing.”
“Mycroft just called to congratulate me,” John said, calling Sherlock during his lunch hour. “It sounds like your announcement went okay. Did it go okay?”
“You know very well, dear.”
“Oh God. Let’s move on, please. Uh, how about if we spoon for a bit? Do you want to do that? You did express interest earlier.”
“It is. I would never oversell my abilities.”
“It’s okay. I’m glad you did.”
Greg’s brows rose in surprise.
Sherlock put the phone away. Lestrade knew better than to try to continue the conversation past that point.
“Boys,” Mrs. Hudson said, cutting off Sherlock’s retort. “I’d much rather you two reserved your rows for upstairs.”
“Good morning, you two,” Mrs. Hudson said, meeting them at the bottom of the staircase. “John, it’s so good to see you again.”
Sherlock sighed heavily into his hands. He dropped them into his lap.
John’s eyes boggled.
Now it was John’s turn to blush. He looked down at his lap with a smile so pleased that it bordered on shy.
“I didn’t consider that for a second.” Sherlock kissed his cheek. “Be as mopey and melancholy as you like. God knows you put up with that from me. But I would rather you weren’t utterly miserable on your birthday.”
“Of course I was. I saw the seal turn into you, which is preposterous. No, you must be a nude bather who happened to be nearby. Although I can’t figure out why my mind melded the two events. Or why I’m still seeing the sealskin there.”
Sherlock rubbed his knee.
But Greg proved too enticing a subject. What was meant to be a simple communication via text over Sherlock’s behavior in his second case with Scotland Yard turned into an actual conversation, courtesy of Greg refusing to stick by the program and asking him questions on how he was doing, complaining about the incessant rain in a rather lengthy rant which he apologized for immediately, and asking if Sherlock liked ice cream. The ice cream question (which, as Mycroft suspected, was intended as a way to placate Sherlock when he was being stroppy) led to an entire discussion about favorite ice cream flavors and which brand did it best. Before Mycroft was even aware of what was happening, Greg had invited him to what he considered to be the best ice cream shop in London and Mycroft had accepted. He didn’t even realize what he’d done until halfway through composing a work email an hour later.
“I’m only mythological,” John raised his right hand in sardonic air quotes, “because humans decided to ignore what was right in front of your noses because it didn’t fit their narrow-minded point of view.”
“I know how to answer the phone. I just don’t see the point. We both know that’s what you were going to ask about, so we might as well get it out of the way now.”
Greg hesitated, looking at him nervously, like he had something he sorely wished to tell him but wasn’t sure if Mycroft would take it well or ill. Mycroft frowned, concerned.
“Why not?”
John frowned that way he always did whenever Sherlock insulted someone’s intelligence.
“How are you doing?” John asked.
Forget. So simple when it came to facts and figures yet impossible over skin-cringing horrors like this.
“It’s the first instrument I remember hearing,” John said. “We went to this music festival in Galway when I was small. All I remember are bits and pieces. I’m not sure how much of it is real anymore, but I have this clear image of a woman onstage playing a guitar. It was a folk song, I think. If I’ve heard it since, I can’t recognize it. Who knows how much of it my brain has altered every time I think of it. But I know that moment happened. The feeling of joy and wonder at hearing that amazing sound was very real. There’s nothing like that in the ocean. We sing. That we do. Not me. You do not want me to sing for you. It sounds horrible. But instruments don’t really come into it.”
The gorgeous musical outing inspired them both to engage in more affectionate touches when they got home. They dropped right back into Sherlock’s bed, shirts only half off shoulders as they hit the mattress. John proceeded to rub his nose all over Sherlock’s face and neck like an eager puppy while Sherlock lied on his back. He wasn’t sure how John would feel about the puppy comparison, but it was too late to get it out of his head now. Besides, John did have a puppy face. Quite a pretty one. He giggled as John tickled the juncture of his neck and shoulder, returning the favor by brushing his hands through his hair and digging his fingertips along John’s back as far as he could reach in long, slow strokes. At one point, John lied down atop him, face tucked into Sherlock’s neck, humming happily as Sherlock massaged him. Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath of pleasure as the full weight of his body pressed against him, compressing his chest, providing the most delicious pressure stim. When John tried to move some time later, Sherlock spoke quickly.
“I’m not asking you to.”
Mycroft shot him an irked look for Sherlock’s sharp tone, as if he wasn’t used to it by now, but he did as he was told.
It proved surprisingly hard to wait until the end of breakfast to inform Mrs. Hudson about his new, happy state. He almost slipped when she sent him another puppy picture, basically her new way of saying hello since Sherlock responded more readily to them. He waited impatiently while John got showered and dressed, scrolling through his news sites without actually focusing on any of the stories until John finally returned downstairs. He stopped at the end of the staircase, shoulders tense, hands bunched into nervous fists at his sides. He wore his usual attire, an off-white cable knit jumper with jeans and brown, leather shoes, and his hair was brushed to perfection. Soft. Approachable. Perfect for snuggles, but Sherlock must control that urge else he mess up John’s appearance and delay the announcement even further.
“My sentiments exactly,” John murmured. He curled his arm even more tightly around Sherlock’s middle. “Do we really have to get up now?”
“I’d rather satisfy as much of his curiosity as I can now and get it over with. Besides, you were just as nosy, remember?”
John raised a hand, his lips still in that terse line, and Sherlock flinched, breath freezing in his throat, but John’s next words were gentle.
“I do feel overwhelmed. I’ve never experienced anything like this before. I certainly didn’t expect to cuddle with Greg. How about you? What was that like for you? Is it customary when first meeting someone or did you do it because Greg is my friend?”
“You’re just worried about me,” Sherlock said, sarcastic.
Sherlock turned to Mycroft, who was regarding him with silent surprise.
“Good to know,” he said, conciliatory but still looking like he’d bitten into a rotten lemon.
“Yeah. Just one more thing.”
“Nothing.”
“I’m so happy right now,” John whispered, gripping his fiercely. “Thank you. All of you.”
John taped Sherlock’s bandage closed and returned his foot to the sofa. Sherlock pursed his lips, displeased at losing his comfortable spot on John’s lap.
“Oh, Christ. It wasn’t all on him.”
“Of course not. I just want to see it when I’m calm and not… Well… Freaked out.”
“I’ve missed this,” John murmured in a nostalgic exhale.
“To keep my brother away form a possibly dangerous influence,” Mycroft said, as impassive as before.
If John’s family had ever tried to reach out despite his banishment, he would have mentioned it. The hurt nostalgia pinching his face as he glanced away confirmed that they had not. Mycroft might be irritating, but at least he was there when Sherlock needed him. John’s whole family had deserted him, the cold bastards. Sherlock tugged down John’s head and pressed their foreheads together.
“Do let him get the job on his own without pulling any more strings,” Mrs. Hudson said. “He’s the sort to get upset if he doesn’t feel like he earned something on his own merit.”
“Really?” John sighed. “I’d hoped you wouldn’t be worrying about that. Of course I’m not going to do that. I can’t imagine any selkie, werewolf, kelpie, etcetera, being a better partner for me than you. Okay?”
Mycroft had shown Greg some of the tapes after much cajoling. Despite his embarrassment about showing Greg his younger, much less fit self, Greg had been charmed and called him “adorable”. Mycroft had never enjoyed the appellation before, but when it came from Greg cheerfully smiling and eyes sparkling with genuine appreciation, Mycroft had felt a blush creep up the back of his neck and awe burn in his belly.
The rising pitch in his voice telegraphed his suspicion.
“And a cuddly one,” Sherlock said, smirking. “Greg is quite the cuddler, isn’t he? You must have a lot of fun with that.”
“Have you called mummy yet?” Mycroft asked, ignoring Sherlock’s snippiness. Of course that’s what this call was about.
He could picture her huffing in exasperation at his difficult manner, but with a fond smile at the edge of her lips. After all, he wasn’t being an unholy terror, as one of several nannies had called him. This was practically charming coming from him. Besides, she was used to him.
Twenty-three minutes later, Greg let himself in through the front door. Mycroft went to meet him, unable to take the anxiety of waiting for a clear answer anymore.
“He cares about you.” John smiled ruefully. “It’s not a bad thing.”
Oh for fuck’s sake.
They lingered on the sofa for a long while. When Greg left to transform back, Mycroft sat back and glanced at his work messages on his mobile without seeing any of them. It was 5:25. John’s train would be leaving soon. After Sherlock dropped him off, he would be heading home to mope with his violin. That would be a good time to visit and apologize. Maybe even share the wonder that had been the last hour. Who else did he know who could relate, after all?
“I’ll do my best, then. What do you want me to read?”
“I’m aware, and I’m over any embarrassment that may have ensued over this realization. You seem better than when we spoke last.”
“Do you know the best strategies for hunting flounder?”
“Hey,” Greg answered.
“Alright. Let’s relocate to the sofa, shall we? My knees are no longer capable of staying in this position for long.”
“Okay.”
“Are you suggesting that you want to cuddle with me?” he asked.
Mycroft had, in fact, been fretting about precisely that for the past two hours with no sign of release from its torment, because Greg had yet to arrive at his house. His last text had been rebuffed with a firm,
They returned to the sitting room to get dressed. Fishing his mobile out of his coat, Sherlock texted Angelo to reserve him a table for two, then he pulled up the restaurant website for the menu.
“You’re still upset over last night, aren’t you?” John asked, his tone as soft as the hands brushing Sherlock’s hair.
“No, it’s not. God, I missed you.”
“Care to comment on any of that?” Sherlock asked, an acid in his voice.
“Selkies touch cheeks together to show friendship,” Sherlock said. “I’m quite fond of the custom. Can I?”
Sherlock’s enthusiasm tempered a little as he opened his door. He had resisted showing John the flat through a video call since John decided that he’d rather get his first impression once he was there in person. Perhaps that hadn’t been the best idea. It made too much of a fuss over the whole thing. Although maybe he should have organized a bit, for John’s neat nature showed in his eyes as he got a look at the sitting room and its scattered odds and ends.
On Friday night, he said the hell with commuter traffic, texted John that he was coming over, got into Mrs. Hudson’s car, and drove to Dover. John didn’t complain. Not in the least. He greeted Sherlock at the door with a wide smile and sparkling eyes, pulling him into a thorough nuzzle before leading him inside and placing a plate of hot food in front of him. A snuggle followed, then John transformed and went off to sleep in his study. Sherlock scrunched his brow and almost called him back. He didn’t want John to keep leaving the bed. Sherlock’s own had grown unbearably lonely of late. But John was already off. It was late. John might not want to sleep with him. This felt like the sort of thing that they should discuss first. That’s how they had been operating so far and it was working well. Sherlock would bring it up later.
Sherlock pulled up the video chat and called Mrs. Hudson, aiming the phone only at his face, his left leg jiggling. It took a while for her to answer, which made his leg shake even more, but her face finally popped up on the screen. Well, half her face. She still hadn’t learned to aim her camera properly, but the half that he could see looked delighted at the unexpected form of communication.
John snorted.
“Really? You don’t mind?”
Mycroft opened his mouth to protest, but he closed it with a frown and glanced at the floor.
“Sherlock, please let me help you to the sofa. You’re hurt.”
Sherlock pursed his lips.
“Of course I am. You’ve been mopey all day. I hate it. Mrs. Hudson is free tonight. She can come with us. And Greg, too, if he can.”
“Of course. Anything you need.”
“And the fingers from the fridge.”
Greg pressed his lips together, not looking remotely satisfied, but he gave in.
Sherlock peered at John.
He set them up in the center of the room and sat down, looking pointedly at Sherlock.
Soon afterwards, Greg stood up, firm determination on his face.
“It’s chilly out there. You can wait an extra few seconds.”
“Hi. How are you doing?”
Greg groaned as if they were mercilessly attacking him without just cause.
“That’s one way to put it.”
“Alright,” he muttered, opening his door.
God, Sherlock hated that condescending, “I know your emotions better than you” smile.
Mycroft warmed, both at the sound of Greg’s voice and the question, which wasn’t a mere formality. Greg knew perfectly well how trying this day could be after his botched coming out declaration. Greg always called him on Mothering Sunday to check up on him. At first, Mycroft had protested that there was no need, but Greg insisted. Who was Mycroft to deny him?
“It was a good day,” he said into his legs. “A damn good day before I fucked it up at the end.”
“I love how you’re being a good host and all, but I can get myself a glass of water.”
“I’m real,” John said. Still gentle and reassuring. What did Sherlock look like that this man was peering at him like Sherlock might bolt away screaming at any moment? “Can I take a look? I won’t hurt you. I’m a doctor.”
Sherlock dropped his head against the back of the sofa, raising the phone away from his mouth so that Mycroft wouldn’t hear him hold back a scream behind clenched teeth. Why did Mycroft always have to guilt him and make everything so damn difficult? Why couldn’t this one thing, just one, be simple?
“He must have been a handful.”
“I appreciate the offer, but just having you here is all I need. Thank you.”
“I’m so fucking tired,’ he said.
“It will pass quickly enough, dear. Just try to distract yourself until he gets here.”
“You sure?”
God, it felt good to get all that out. He was thirsty now. His mouth was dry from all that ranting. Completely well-deserved. Mycroft merited every single word of it. He seemed to know it, too, for he was gaping at Sherlock with a ridiculous look of shock on his face, speechless.
“How likely do you think that is?”
A smile jerked on John’s lips. Sherlock relaxed. That was one potential crisis averted. John began to move toward the kitchen. Sherlock yanked off his jacket. That part of the flat could wait until later. Much later. Until after Sherlock reminded John why he liked him so much. Both Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson had been hounding him to get rid of his specimens and he hadn’t listened, but he was aware that certain things put normal people off the mood. John stopped midstep the moment that Sherlock draped his jacket over the back of an armchair, curiosity replaced with a far more exciting interest.
“I was perfectly cooperative when you treated me yesterday.”
“Well, there’s a first time for everything.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“I’ll wait for you at the station.”
“Well, I liked it. I found it beautiful. And I got the impression that you were the innocent party in this altercation. For one thing, he was about to stab you in the chest.”
“Let’s examine that cut,” John said, sitting on a chair beside Sherlock.
“I have, actually. He countered me by pointing out that he’s far more knowledgeable at certain subjects than me, so we’re even.”
“That would be the best thing to do.”
“You won’t do that.”
John narrowed his eyes at him.
Mycroft sighed, sagging back in his armchair more than usual.
Greg texted.
“I’m not. You are right on that point. It was unfair of me. I apologize. But would you really have continued working with him if you had discovered that he was in any sort of relationship with me?”
Sherlock smiled again. John was going to slip sometimes. This was all new to him. It was inevitable.
“He’s a selkie. You can’t be serious.”
“It’s personal,” John said, left hand fisting on his lap. “Very personal.”
Mycroft spoke as gently as before, not wanting to spook Greg
“I’m not looking for sympathy,” Sherlock continued. “I’m just stating a fact. People don’t tend to enjoy my company. Apparently, I’m difficult.”
Sherlock dialed his number. Mycroft answered right away, but didn’t speak, confirming that he was at the lounge and currently rushing to his office where he could talk to his heart’s content.
John sent a laughing emoji.
“Oh,” John said, the apologetic awkwardness in his face indicting that he took Sherlock’s meaning. “I’m sorry to hear that. So just Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft, then? I take it that you did tell Mrs. Hudson.”
“I’m not happy that someone died,” he said. “I’m happy because I have a case to solve.”
“But everything else is?” Sherlock’s voice rose to a screech. “Oh, that’s brilliant. Fucking brilliant.”
If Greg were still in wolf form, Mycroft would stroke his head to reassure him, but that action was proscribed under these circumstances. Greg’s grateful expression would have to be enough.
“You’re lying.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock huffed. “Ignore my face. It’s being stupid.”
Mycroft’s breath was altered, making his voice too high and jittery. Greg’s face pinched and he took a step back, his head lowering, back hunching. He was trying to make himself small, to act submissive. He was scared. Oh God, Greg was scared of him.
John returned soon with two cups. He pulled the side table over beside Sherlock and placed them there, setting up a chair for himself in front of him, and sat with his own plate in his lap. Sherlock grabbed his cup and took a fortifying sip. It was still too hot to drink comfortably, but he needed the boost. John, for his part, did the same with his share of spaghetti, nervous gaze lowered to his plate as he hastily swallowed a mouthful. He smiled at Sherlock, so eager and desperate to please
Sherlock nodded.
“No, you haven’t.”
Greg dropped his head in his hand.
“Yeah.” Mycroft’s heart ached at the pain in Greg’s voice. “With her tennis instructor, of all people. We just had an ugly row about it. Are you home? I can go to a hotel if you’re not.”
Sherlock’s voice hardened at the end there, as did Greg’s jaw, his eyes growing flinty with old anger at Anderson’s mumbled comment one of the many times that Sherlock had pissed him off.
Greg snorted.
“That’s why I’m bringing it up now,” Sherlock said.
John’s face scrunched in a half-grimace. Why? At Sherlock’s tone? Mrs. Hudson was used to it. She knew he didn’t mean anything by it.
“I know.”
He turned his back to the counter and leaned against it, arms crossed over his chest as if to brace himself against the tide itching behind his eyes.
“Not naked,” Sherlock said, snorting. “In a bath towel. He has the most wretched timing sometimes.”
“Have you? I’m always excited about that. I’ll have to do better in the future, then.”
“Ok. Sure. There’s no rush. I’m looking forward to it.”
“He’s talked about you a bit since the truth came out. Nothing too personal, don’t worry.”
“I’ll talk to you soon, okay?” he said, waiting for Mycroft to nod and reply, “Okay” before turning away and leaving the room.
“I didn’t get in the cab,” he said, not caring how helpless and small he sounded. John had never been angry at him before. Frustrated and annoyed, yes, but nothing like this. Greg sighed and swept a tired hand through his hair, his own anger draining out of him. Mrs. Hudson stepped forward, laying a hand on Sherlock’s arm, though he could derive little comfort from it.
He took the call this time. He had ignored them long enough, and she had knocked him out of his rubbish thoughts.
“Didn’t you get us tickets for the symphony?”
“Sherlock,” she said in a gushing, cheerful tone. “I’m so glad to see you. I was wondering when you’d be getting home.”
Sherlock lost count of how many times he sent Mycroft that message, only to receive an unsatisfying,
Mycroft rolled his eyes. Sherlock turned back to Mrs. Hudson, smiling.
“Thank you so much, Greg. It’s very appreciated, even if you’re only caving because you’re afraid of my brother.”
Selkies did have doctors, after all, but they weren’t anywhere near as involved as their human counterparts. Selkies were hardier than humans, healed much more quickly, and were resistant to disease, so they didn’t have a need for the myriad of procedures that human doctors engaged in. John had been this sort of doctor before he joined the ranks of human medical students, so it had been a straightforward transition when he decided that living on land appealed to him more. He provided plenty of detail about the selkie lifestyle. About migrating for thousands of miles with the seasons just like the non-anthropomorphic seals did. Visiting distant shores in human form and blending in with the locals with the aid of secret catches of clothes and money set up by a haphazard network of selkies that spent more time on shore than most. John was not the only one who spent much of his time on land, yet he was still unusual in having preferred it for such a long stretch of time and for having made a career for himself in the human world. For most selkies, land visits were a holiday, a chance to engage their advanced minds in activities only possible in human form.
Greg. The reason why Mycroft was being so infuriatingly odd. Shocking that Mycroft mentioned him at all.
“Nothing far-fetched about it.”
How was Sherlock supposed to deprive himself of such charming beauty having just discovered it? He grinned into his pillow, fluttery hands tucked under his chin. Despite reassuring John, he had been a little nervous that having him here for the full night might be too onerous, but his presence had been a huge comfort. No longer was he a lonely body in his bedroom, staring at the ceiling, the sensation that the room felt much too empty sticking in his throat. He would be fine if John decided not to repeat the exercise, but not without some disappointment.
Should he ask if John was okay now? No, too much time had passed. It would look weird.
“I know where everything is. So it’s not not organized.”
“I suppose not.” Sherlock leaned forward, studying John’s face, breath held in his throat. “I do find you attractive, for the record.”
“You’re not alone anymore,” Sherlock said. “I may not be a selkie or be able to offer you a place in a clan, but I am your friend. I’m here.”
“Mycroft will help with that.”
“Yeah,” Greg said, his grin widening. “I didn’t think I’d ever do that with you. This day has been amazing. My mind hasn’t caught up with it. I feel like it’s spinning. In a good way.”
“How likely do you think that is? You have a stranglehold on every interaction I make.”
“Come over,” Mycroft said, unable to hold back the urge anymore. “If you want to, that is.”
Sherlock hadn’t been paying as close attention to John’s mood as he should have been, so focused as he’d been on Greg. The lightness in John was of a sort that hadn’t been there earlier. He was happy. Cuddling with Greg had done him a world of good, too. Sherlock hadn’t considered how much John needed to be with someone of his world, someone who could give him those things that Sherlock could not. Although a werewolf couldn’t follow him to the ocean, either, even if John weren’t banished.
He sucked in a breath, lowering his head, eyes shifting this way and that as if grasping at what he wanted to say. Sherlock gripped his violin and bow, unsure what to say or do. He had expected John to be happy, and he was, but he should have seen this coming, should have known that this would dredge up John’s grief at being banished from his home. And he prided himself on always being the smartest person in the room. God, he could be so stupid sometimes.
Mycroft shifted his umbrella back and forth about an inch, gripping it tightly by the handle. That was his disappointed motion. He been so eager to discover John’s secret before forcing himself to quit pushing.
“Same.”
“Sherlock,” Greg groaned.
“Oh, you’ll see.”
“The next thing I remember is waking up in hospital. He sat in one of those uncomfortable chairs next to me. He didn’t yell. Didn’t say how disappointed he was. I couldn’t even see disappointment in his face, though I’m sure he must have been feeling it. He said that he didn’t think that I had been trying to kill myself, but I could see that he wasn’t sure. I apologized, told him that I made a mistake. That I would go to rehab. Stay clean. And I have stayed clean. I’ve wanted to use, but I haven’t.”
“Stop considering so much and just listen to him. John would love to do all sorts of romantic nonsense with me, as well as other things, but I’m not pushing him away. He says he’s happy. He looks happy. I believe him. Sure, I’m a little worried about the sex thing, but like I said. He’s happy. I’m not pushing him away because I think he should find someone more compatible. We’re plenty compatible in other ways. And he doesn’t want to be with anyone else. He wants to be with me. Greg clearly wants to be with you, even if he needs to get his soon to be ex-wife out of his head first. It’s been four years and he still wants to be with you? That’s devotion right there. But you always have to control everything. You know what’s best for everyone else. What they want. What they need. You don’t. Stop being a self-centered arsehole and start listening for a change. And that’s coming from another self-centered arsehole, so you know you’re being a spectacularly pigheaded wanker.”
“I’ll be out in a bit,” he said.
“It’s as well as can be expected,” John said, laying Sherlock’s foot down on a squishy cushion. “Is this comfortable?”
Sherlock breathed. It was easier now.
“I don’t bother about that with you, but I’m certainly not happy about it.”
“I was going mad. I didn’t know what the hell to do with myself. I don’t regret moving here for a minute.” He glanced around the house. “It’s not quite everything I envisioned, and there are things about my old life I miss, but I can listen to Philip Glass whenever I want and travel by train or plane much faster than I can swim.” He frowned. “Although, to be honest, I would rather swim.”
But not even the memory of this kept his depression from slamming into him the next day. It had become routine by now. Every Monday, he turned into a sad sack on the bed or the sofa or whatever surface he couldn’t muster the energy to push himself up from as he pined for John, smothered by the silence of the flat when Mrs. Hudson wasn’t around to try to cheer him up, an endeavor that never worked, anyway. Was it too early to ask John to move in with him? Mycroft would probably say yes, but what did he know? Never mind that his relationship with Greg was longer than Sherlock’s with John’s. He still barely knew anything about it. Case in point, what a clusterfuck he’d made of said relationship. Mycroft had no clue what he was doing, and any attempt to make it appear otherwise was laughable. Yet Sherlock was in such a wretched state that he couldn’t manage to find anything amusing in it, as he normally did when Mycroft put on a ridiculous pretense that was obvious to anyone with even a fraction of sense.
“No. It’s totally manageable. It will work.”
Greg rolled his eyes, finishing on his shirt.
With one more squeeze, Greg let go.
Greg snorted.
“I thought so,” Greg said.
“Of course you did,” Sherlock said. “Again, anyone would have.”
“When I was already halfway down the stairs,” Greg said.
“Of course I do. You want to play with me? We haven’t played a board game in years.”
Greg was being a terrible friend. How many people had to die before he let go of his pride and gave Sherlock this case already? He didn’t know what the hell to do with a serial killer. He never did, nor did anyone in his incompetent team. And now he was spewing some nonsense in a press conference about having it all under control and the best people on the case.
“John. This isn’t how I expected this to go, but it’s nice to meet you.”
“You know it’s not that simple.”
“Don’t say that. Of course you do. You deserve all the happiness in the world, dear.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock asked.
“Trying? Difficult? Insufferable?”
John’s eyes widened in that all too familiar startled expression.
“Did he? It is, thank you.”
With a deep breath to smooth the trembling in his startled limbs, Sherlock raised his violin and bow and sank back into the waves of the song.
“It does run in the family,” he said, leaning into that change.
“I’m not terribly neat. I mean, I like to keep things in order, but… You’re saying that you’re messy? I have noticed that. You do tend to leave things about randomly.”
John squeezed his back.
Grabbing his crutch from where it leaned against the wall, Sherlock set his feet carefully on the floor and stood up. He winced, the stiff muscles in his right ankle yanking painfully, but that would lessen as they loosened up with motion. He walked forward, every step ginger and as quiet as he could make it, for John had not moved again. Perhaps he’d fallen back to sleep. Either way, Sherlock’s bladder had woken up and demanded that he attend to it. As he crept past the study, he took a peek inside. John lied flat on the floor, flippers out, eyes closed, snout even more doglike pressed against the floorboards. As adorable as ever.
“Do you think it’s anything more serious?”
He should look up selkies. Right now. Learn everything he possibly could. Arm himself with knowledge. John might have been lying about there being no life debt. Were life debts even a thing in fairy tales or had Sherlock seen that in a movie somewhere?
“I’m not narrow-minded. Your existence defies all reason.”
“You’re police?”
Mycroft answered within the second ring.
“Okay.”
“There’s no need to sound so damn superior about it.”
“It’s okay. There’s nothing to be scared of.”
John looked at Sherlock in surprise. Sherlock fought the overwhelming urge to turn away and wiggle his fingers as Mycroft’s words sank in. He hadn’t meant anything by touching John’s shoulder. He had simply reached out automatically without a thought as to why he was doing it. It just happened. Like his urge to smooth out John’s frown lines and his desire for John to keep touching his ankle. It didn’t mean anything. Yet he didn’t have friends, did he? Victor had abandoned him so long ago. Lestrade sort of counted, he supposed, but he wasn’t filled with the urge to touch him. Mrs. Hudson was more like a surrogate mum. John fascinated him, but it went beyond his selkie nature. He liked him, felt comfortable with him. Had been overwhelmed with protective fury when John had been threatened.
John hesitated for a second, then nodded, scared but resigned to their lack of options.
“Like you want to crawl under the covers and never come out.”
Greg moved past him, forcing Mycroft to follow.
Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson both shot Mycroft equally sharp looks of disgust. Mrs. Hudson shook her head in that disappointed way that always made Sherlock feel like he was eight years old and had just broken a vase. Mycroft’s face pinched, but he didn’t have the decency to look the slightest bit contrite.
“It started a couple of months after we met,” Greg continued. “If I can even say met. He snatched me off the street in one of those of those black cars. I must have been mental to be attracted to him at all after that. It was supposed to be casual. Mycroft explained that he’s not into romance, but we wound up in a relationship, anyway. It lasted for eight months. But it was never going to work. I want kids. He doesn’t. He kept pushing me away, thinking that I’d be happier with someone else. Then I met Susan. We stayed friends, though. Good friends. I’m not sure why we didn’t tell you. Mycroft thought it might weird you out too much.” Greg paused, frowning at Sherlock in concern. “And apparently he was right. Are you okay?”
Greg hesitated, but he nodded.
John’s smile diffused the tension that had been hunching his shoulders and heating his voice, even as it enhanced the lovely fire burning in his eyes. Sherlock gazed at him, fascinated in a way that had nothing to do with wonderment over selkie culture.
John laughed again.
“Just give him a minute, Sherlock. It will happen. First, you need to focus on dinner with Mycroft tonight. You can’t do both things, and this is important.”
“What about his past?”
“Owe him what?”
“Hang on,” John said, frowning in confusion. “I’m going, too? To a crime scene? Am I allowed?”
“No, I want to,” John said.
“I know you weren’t trying to kill yourself. I know, alright? I don’t doubt you. But you still almost died. In my house, where I was supposed to protect you. How am I supposed not to worry? How?”
“Obviously. I’m not an idiot. Did you figure it out?”
He was? Sure, Sherlock avoided telling him anything, but that was important news, too important not to tell Mycroft. They may not have the smoothest of relationships, but they were hardly estranged. Why wouldn’t Sherlock have told him?
That done, John pulled Mycroft into a hug, barely giving him time to reciprocate before moving on to Mrs. Hudson, then Greg, who got up from the sofa to receive it, a wide smile on his face.
Regret stung inside Mycroft at Greg’s retreat even as he was glad to see that he had calmed down, even if it was only a temporary reprieve.
“You’ve hardly given me enough information to attempt to deduce anything.” Mycroft’s frustration leaked into his voice. “But we’ll arrive at the house soon, and you’ll have to show me, anyway.”
Sherlock directed this last over his shoulder. Greg looked down, guilt in his eyes.
“Are you sure?”
“Right. Yeah. Okay. So you and John don’t—” Greg squeezed his eyes shut, grimacing. “Sorry, I should not have asked that.”
A loving smile flashed across John’s face. Much better than his annoyance over Sherlock’s reasonable research materials. A notification beeped on Sherlock’s phone from his news app.
“Hm, I guess so. Well, it doesn’t matter. Come on, we don’t want to be late.”
“Have you held anyone since you moved to the land?” Sherlock asked, unsure if it was rude to.
Soft footsteps padded on the floor, accompanied by the tapping of sharp claws on the floorboards. Under any other circumstances, Mycroft would have deduced that a dog was approaching. It being a werewolf would have been unthinkable. Greg, wolf Greg, poked his head through the door, shy, shifting on his feet. Four feet. His coloring was the same. A little more white on his muzzle and a little more black on his ears, but the same. Mycroft would have recognized Greg’s beautiful hair anywhere, even on a wolf. And those eyes gazing at him with a silent plea for acceptance, warm, brown eyes that he knew so intimately, how could they be any other than Greg’s eyes?
“I appreciate that.”
Greg came up behind him, filling the doorway.
“More casual than pajamas?”
“Are you comfortable?” he asked.
“Oh, stop gawping at me like that,” Sherlock said. “I’m not going to drag you to Mycroft so that he can lock you up in a government facility and experiment on you. You can tell me.”
“I didn’t get in the bloody cab. I didn’t. How can he be mad at me for something I didn’t do?”
“But you will have to go back eventually,” John said. “You were only supposed to be here for the case.”
“It’s him, isn’t it?” John asked. “I should have seen it earlier. How else could the phone be here?”
Sherlock scoffed, slouching back in his seat.
“No,” John said, stern. “Don’t you dare.”
“Aren’t selkies supposed to be arrestingly beautiful or some such? I might be thinking of mermaids. I’ve deleted so much of this drivel.”
“Sure, but how often does that stop you? And you’re just solving cases, not seeking people you care about. Claimed to care about. But I’m the one who abandoned them, so it’s fine for them, isn’t it? Why should they want to have anything to do with me?”
“Keep trying. I almost believed you that time.”
So he watched action films with him, swallowing the mediocre writing and ridiculous premises, criticizing openly to make Greg happy but keeping mum during sequences that he could tell Greg truly enjoyed. They sat at an appropriate distance on the sofa, but Mycroft kept a close watch on him from the corner of his eye. Greg sat leaning against the left armrest, eyes fixed on the screen, hands jittery on his lap and his face, never smiling or laughing as hard as he normally would, but desperately seeking the distraction nonetheless. He had been holding up surprisingly well since they relocated from the dining table. Mycroft dreaded the inevitable breakdown that would ensue eventually.
“I only want to avoid misunderstandings.” Mycroft interlaced his fingers and placed his hands on the table, but that was much too businesslike. This was a personal matter. He removed his hands, placing them back down on the armrests. “I like you. I enjoy your company immensely. Conversing with you.” He smiled a bit. “Kissing you.”
Yet he never had the courage to ask Victor when he was awake, either. Always, he formulated the request in his mind, agonizing over the wording, hoping and despairing at once that Victor would find it strange that Sherlock wanted to feel his skin and hair, his warmth, but not want to go beyond that, not in the way that Victor liked, if he even wanted that from Sherlock. Yet Sherlock never got the impression that Victor wanted anything other than friendship from him. Perhaps he was too ignorant in these forms of attraction to perceive it, but he didn’t think that had been the case. Victor’s desire was always so palpable when he had a boyfriend, an intimate partner who was not Sherlock, who he preferred to spend his nights with, and, in the end, his days, too.
The wrap up of the case was eternal. Sherlock stayed while John gave his statement to not have a mismatch in their stories later on, and was obliged to ride in the back of Gregson’s car. Apparently, Gregson felt bad that Sherlock had almost gotten himself killed by both a man and a seal, and insisted on seeing him safely to his hotel. John provided him with some crutches to hobble with, still looking insufferably guilty. Much better than carrying him, Sherlock supposed. It would have been much too embarrassing to suffer that indignity in front of Gregson and his officers. Yet John still insisted on helping him into Gregson’s car, arranging his ankle comfortably on the seat.
“Oh, who knows? With the right chemical cocktail, any trick of the imagination is possible.”
Mrs. Hudson smiled at him.
Sherlock steepled his hands and raised them to his mouth, breathing softly on the tips of his fingers as he considered his situation. He’d have to inform Mrs. Hudson that he wouldn’t be home for a while. He certainly couldn’t leave now. His questions needed answering, and John, this impossible being, was too intriguing to pass up. The terror still burning in his blood melded with an aching fascination as he turned his gaze toward the kitchen and the man heating up a plate in the microwave. Such a commonplace activity. So mundane. So human. To look at him, one would never suspect that he was anything more than what he seemed. A thirty-something doctor with no social life and a passport filled with stamps from all the trips that he couldn’t get enough of. Yet what wonders lied beneath that misleading façade. What unexplored depths of mystery. A new puzzle stood before Sherlock, one that he had never dreamed of being gifted with. He would untangle that puzzle, work at the guarded locks of John Watson until he laid bare the fire that burned in those tenacious eyes and uncover the raw truth that pulsed beneath. Only then would Sherlock be soothed enough to return to London and his work. His mind was a dervish of bewilderment and panic, a dizzying, choking morass sucking him under, and the man who had shoved him into it was his only lifeline for getting out.
Sherlock nodded. He bit his lower lip.
“She’s still our mother,” Mycroft said. “I don’t want to completely sever relations with her.”
“Sure thing. Bye.”
“Is it too much?” he asked, concerned.
“You thought…” he stammered. “No. I’m not going anywhere. Oh, Sherlock.”
Closing the file, Lestrade shrugged.
John smiled.
Sherlock could feel Mycroft’s eye roll. He grinned.
“For God’s sake. Stop looking at me like that and just tell me. I promise I won’t be angry, if that’s what you need to hear.”
“You’ve been doing a pretty good job so far. And you already warned me about your moods.”
John had snorted into his toast.
“It’s been forever for me. Literally.”
“No. We’re gong to visit each other on alternating weekends, unless I have a case. Although I would like to coax John to come here in that case, regardless. I think he’d enjoy it. He’s always fascinated by my stories. I think he might be a quick study.”
“Why? I’m often pensive.”
Then had come a display of Greg’s own deductive abilities, even if they were sadly limited to the exceedingly obvious, as everyone’s were.
They held hands for the entire cab drive, which proved to be the most touch that they would get for a while, as Mrs. Hudson was wafting for them the instant that they stepped through the front door. She had left her own open a crack to listen for them, and sprung out with a big smile on her face. Of course. Sherlock should have known that there was no way to sneak him past her. Yes, he supposed there was some sort of social rule about guests making all of their hosts’ acquaintance as soon as possible, and not after one of them had snuck said guest upstairs for a cuddle. But why was this one of the ones that Sherlock was obligated to follow?
Sherlock’s sharp tone undercut the plaintiveness in John’s face, which fell even further.
Reading Greg’s face was a surprisingly anxiety-inducing experience. His disappointment at Mycroft’s declaration was clear, yet he tried, and failed, not to show it. But he also rallied, his brows set in determination to find a solution, for he also enjoyed Mycroft’s company and didn’t want to simply sever ties. If Mycroft was reading him correctly, which he hoped he was.
“I apologized for that,” he said. “An apology that John accepted, so it’s in the past.”
John smiled.
Mycroft’s worry had turned to dread. There were no clues to be gleaned from Greg’s appearance save for a dog hair on his trousers, which he could have acquired by brushing up against one on the street. A husky or something similar, given the length and color. His hair was a bit disheveled. From running his hand through it too much, perhaps? Just one more indicator of worry, so no new information there. Once in the sitting room, Greg stopped before the sofa, but didn’t sit. His back was tense, shoulders hunched, face drawn in intense nervousness. The worried knot in Mycroft’s stomach tightened. He went to Greg, placing a hand on his arm.
“Yes. Three years and a month, to be exact. You beat me the last time. I want a rematch.”
“It would be an honor to fill in the gaps of your meager education.”
No, no. He was not saying that.
“Sherlock?” John murmured, touching his arm, fingers softly pressing. “Do you need to sit down? You look really blank.”
“A bit. But it’s clearing. What do you mean it’s yours?”
“No,” he said, shaking his head. “You wouldn’t have. Come on. Not knowing he was the killer. We already have all the proof.”
“I’m sorry,” Greg said.
“There is no trace of him from before twelve years ago. As far as records go, he just popped up out of thin air one day. That does not say ‘not nefarious’ to me. Just the opposite. You know what his secret is. This would be a lot easier if you just told me.”
“I wouldn’t do that. I don’t get it, to be honest. I am having a little trouble wrapping my head around it, but I’m trying, okay? And of course I wouldn’t call you cold. Sure, I thought that about you when you were interrogating me, but I wouldn’t be here if I still did.”
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to feel awkward.
“You used again, didn’t you?” John asked, voice soft, not judging.
He paced around the sitting room in a tight circle, clutching the phone to his ear.
“I’m not.”
“Stay right where you are. Unless you really want to move, that is.”
“I’m not uncomfortable. I wouldn’t describe it like that.”
“Please do.”
“We haven’t talked about when you’ll leave,” John said, slowly, looking down at their hands.
“Of course not,” he said, wrapping the bandage around Sherlock’s foot and ankle. “It’s ridiculous. There’s no such thing as selkies. It’s 2019. You should know better.”
“Yes. Always.”
Sherlock’s throat closed up. He had to put the cup down before it spilled from his hand. Mrs. Hudson stood up and placed a hand on his shoulder. That simple, loving gesture drove Sherlock to his feet and into Mrs. Hudson’s arms. He shut his eyes, sniffing, his throat tightening even more as she pet his back, so loving and maternal.
“It hardly matters what it looks like. I follow my own methods.”
“I hold a minor position in the British government,” Mycroft said, turning back to Mrs. Hudson.
“No, you’re not ugly. You’re actually handsome in a puppy dog sort of way, but you’re not an ethereal beauty. You’re pleasing to look at, but I’m not driven to sink to one knee and declare my undying love for you.”
“I know you would. Maybe I’ll take you up on it.”
His fingers tapped relentless on his lap for the entire ride, all his energy taken up in preventing himself from flying into a meltdown in Gregson’s car. He didn’t need that extra embarrassment on top of everything else. He couldn’t show himself to be so rattled by a simple murder attempt, for that’s what it would look like, nor could he speak to anybody about this, so his usual tactic of rambling on to the nearest ear, whether they wished to hear him or not, wouldn’t work in this instance. He needed to be alone so he could rant in peace and begin the deletion process. Complaining about the distance only served to irritate Gregson, but at least Sherlock wasn’t the only annoyed one. Spreading the misery felt really good sometimes.
John raised a brow as he placed the bag on the table.
He only partly meant it, for his lips were threatening to curl up at the sweet sight of a sleepy John.
“Okay.” Sherlock lifted his hand from John’s chest to his right wrist, squeezing gently. “You also. I know there must be things.”
“Seen all you want to see?” Greg asked behind him.
“Thank you for this,” John said. “I really didn’t expect it. You seem calmer now about it. How are you feeling? Have you been taking your medication?”
“I would like that.”
John paused for Mrs. Hudson to respond, but she only peered between the two of them with a shrewd, “come off it” expression on her face, like they were being insufferably dense.
“Thank you, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, looking pleased that Sherlock had offered, even though it was her tea. And he did pour her a cup sometimes. Although not that often, admittedly.
“Because you decided to stop being an arse and backed off.”
Sherlock had pursed his lips and jiggled his leg, but nodded begrudgingly.
Yet had Mycroft not been happy with Greg? Was his spirit not lighter after spending time with him, his evenings richer? Did he not look forward to the next day with more fervor rather than simply a matter of routine, of life moving forward as it always did? Temporary dips aside, if you analyzed the data as a whole, spending time with Greg increased his productivity more than it impaired it. It boosted his motivation and even his confidence, despite the fact that he had no deficiencies in that regard. Well, not any that affected his work performance. He wouldn’t let them. A rare good visit with Sherlock produced the same effect even as the much more common bad ones exhausted and tarnished his mood. This last one had been a welcome relief, despite the tongue lashing he received. Sherlock had been worried for him. Not only that, he had admitted it. Mycroft never thought he would see the day. He had never doubted that Sherlock loved him, very deep down, but at times he feared that it was more in the obligatory sense, not out of genuine affection. Despite Mycroft’s worry over Greg, his smile of relief had lasted him all the way home.
“Well, you are his brother. It’s harder for him to agree with you.”
“I did. Enormously. You seemed to as well.”
John nodded, bringing him a cushion to put the plate on his lap.
“You know,” he said. “I think I will show you, after all.”
“So you thought of flowers?” Sherlock grinned. “How sweet.”
“Fine,” he said. “Just get up here.”
“John wouldn’t abandon you so easily,” Mycroft said. “When he gets here, you will simply explain. He will forgive you.”
“I’ll make sure that there aren’t any body parts the next time you’re here,” he said, looking down at the floor.
No, he wasn’t afraid. He had been neck deep in selkies for two days and John wasn’t going to hurt him. It would be ridiculous to be afraid of him now. So why was he so jumpy when John’s steps descended down the staircase? His breath shortened and he had to wipe his sweaty palms on his trousers as he stared at the seal skin John held to his midsection. He was naked once more. It made sense. Much less awkward than changing down here in front of Sherlock. A glimmer of uncertainty clung to John’s face as he stepped forward, peering at Sherlock, likely verifying that Sherlock did want to do this and wouldn’t fly into hysterics like last time. Heat burned Sherlock’s cheeks in embarrassment, which was compounded when John, in a grand show of cosmic irony, asked if he was okay.
“Please do. But wait until I get back so that I can enjoy the chastised look on his face. I rarely get to see it and it’s such fun.”
“Alright,” John said, looking back up, lips pressed tightly together in resignation. “Bring whatever you need into the flat. Just, try to keep any heads out of sight, please.”
“Take these. They’re for the pain.”
But then Sherlock wouldn’t be greeted to the sight of bed head and pillowcase wrinkles imprinted on John’s cheek and forehead, and that was too much sacrifice to bear. John’s hair lied tousled over his forehead in an adorable fringe. The left side of his face bore the crease of the pillowcase from when he’d been lying on it earlier, yet the line stretching along his cheek did nothing to diminish his beauty. On the contrary. How had Sherlock ever considered John to be less than physically extraordinary? Sherlock cheerfully made a study of his features, examining the soft fall of his eyelashes and how the darker blonde matched the color of the hair on his head. His handsome bone structure. The soft age lines that he’d probably hate to have pointed out, but which gave his face such character. The tiny bits of stubble growing on his jaw.
Chuckling, John began to rub up Sherlock’s back in smooth circles. Sherlock did the same, laying his left foot over John’s right, stroking his heel with his toes.
“I didn’t ask, dear, but I would appreciate it. Have fun with your friend.”
John shot Sherlock a quizzical look. Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
Mycroft nodded, the motion not as jerky as he’d feared. He turned his hand up. Greg’s own slid easily into his, the familiarity of his skin a welcome balm. He wasn’t sure who began entwining their fingers, but it didn’t matter. His eyes shone with a silent question as he bit his lip.
“It’s fine. The jar is sealed.”
“What is it?” John asked, pulling back, brow wrinkled in concern.
It took only a couple of minutes to arrive at John’s residence, a wooden house near the beach. It had probably once belonged to a fisherman, bearing the hallmarks of humble beginnings, although it had been fixed up in recent years. No other houses were close by, meaning that John wished to avoid having neighbors prying into his business. He would have a far easier commute if he lived in town, but a more public existence. The proximity to the ocean was also significant. He enjoyed bathing in the frigid water, even in winter, and there were no nude beaches around for him to indulge himself. Still, there was no need for such an isolated existence simply for that reason.
Mycroft’s face pinched, expression going from annoyed to concerned and borderline angry in a second.
John grimaced, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Yeah, I’ve noticed. It’s okay. I’ll try not to bother you with it.”
Greg must have broken a few speeding laws to arrive so quickly, but Mycroft wasn’t about to fault him for it. He met him at the front door, alerted of his arrival by an app on his phone. The sight of Greg walking through the door traced an instant smile on Mycroft’s face.
“Unless they benefit him,” Sherlock grumbled.
“Come here,” he said and reached up to cradle Sherlock’s head, his fingers so gentle on his jack and neck. Sherlock leaned down eagerly, a desperate laugh bubbling in his throat, grasping John’s head as well. Their foreheads met, noses rubbing together, Sherlock’s uneven breath mingling with John’s steadier one.
“Oh. Yeah. I thought I’d gotten them all off. I changed pretty quickly back into my clothes.”
“You do the same thing and you know it,” Greg said, looking far too amused. “With all your dramatic revelations and complaining about how mediocre everyone else’s observational skills are and how you’re the only person with any intelligence in the room. And the costumes.”
Greg winced.
“Anger isn’t the reaction I’m afraid of,” Greg muttered. “I’ll tell you, okay? In the sitting room. I need to sit down.”
Greg frowned uncertainty.
“I find that hard to believe.”
“Was he? John must finally be teaching him some manners.”
Desperate concern showed on John’s face.
“No,” Greg said, nudging Sherlock inside the flat and shutting the door. “We’ve never met.”
“I’ve been chased by sharks a couple of times, too. That’s why I… Well, you’re so observant. You probably had already figured it out just by looking at me.”
“That went well, right?” Greg asked, smiling, much more relaxed than he had been before. “You seemed to enjoy it.”
John choked on the rotini he was eating.
“I’m not one of those fair-weather friends, John. I don’t use the word lightly. Neither do you, unless my perception is mistaken.”
He plopped down on the steps, dropping his head morosely into his hands.
“About twenty minutes.”
“I was asking Greg.”
“Work is trying, as always. But nothing I can’t manage. You seem well.”
John’s eyes narrowed in offense.
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed.
“No more apologies,” he said, meting Mycroft’s eyes. “What do you want, then? I should have asked that earlier instead of just assuming things.”
A harsh, weary sigh carrying years of frustration burst out of John as he finally turned to Sherlock, piercing him with sharp eyes.
“Not all the officers in Scotland Yard are incompetent, after all,” he told Mycroft once, if a tad moodily.
Greg nodded jerkily.
Mycroft wondered what that was like.
“Mycroft is coming to dinner on Wednesday,” Sherlock mumbled on John’s belly.
“You want me to go into detail?”
“Okay. Let’s try that.”
“He’s not going to harm the man who saved my life.”
Sherlock slouched in his seat, staring out the window at the passing buildings, all much more fascinating than whatever Mycroft was going on about. He refused to say another word for the rest of the ride. Only when Mycroft pulled up in front of his hotel and fetched the crutches from the backseat did he speak.
“Um…” Sherlock folded his arms behind his back to hide his fingers’ sudden fidgeting. “It was great. Well, not the attack part. Although there were good consequences to that part, so not even that was all bad.”
Mycroft mentally shook himself out of his sudden reverie.
The case proved as challenging and fun as he had hoped. John protested that they should inform Greg about finding the latest victim’s suitcase and texting the murderer, but Sherlock waved his complaints away. Greg would just muddle things up like he had until now with his need to do things by the book. Sherlock was sparing him from being an accomplice in Sherlock’s less than legal activities, which were necessary to close this case. He was really doing Greg a favor by keeping him in the dark. This was what Greg used him for, after all. It wasn’t like he didn’t know what he was getting into.
Without any prompting, Mycroft followed Mrs. Hudson into her flat.
“Yeah?”
Greg grabbed Mycroft’s hand on his shoulder, squeezing it. The touch made Mycroft’s breath tremble in his throat. If he hadn’t already been sitting down, his knees would have gone weak. They hadn’t held hands in years, not even for a handshake. He swallowed, summoning all his willpower to get himself under control and not betray how much he had yearned for a gesture, any gesture, that indicated that they were closer than the sort of friends who only met monthly while living in the same city, and didn’t touch outside of a socially approved manner. His love for Greg (for love it was, if perhaps not the type that he had suspected) hadn’t withered at all in the years since they had last kissed. It had altered, yes, but grown more fully, more inescapable and necessary. More certain that Greg was a key part of his life without which he would be irreparably weakened and diminished.
, whispered a treacherous voice in the back of his head.
“It’s not your fault that Susan cheated on you.”
“I can grab it for you,” Sherlock said, rushing after him, but John beat him to the entrance.
“It will be my pleasure.”
“What kind of secret can possibly be so shocking that I would need to sit?”
“Who says that she doesn’t? She hates it. The only thing she’s willing to do in here is make tea. But it’s fine. You’re only here for days at a stretch. I’m not gong to hole up in here conducting experiments when you’re here, anyway.”
“Please,” he added.
“There’s no need. I can make my way on my own.”
Sherlock immediately pushed himself upright.
“Are you always this stubborn?” he asked, exasperated.
Greg just could not help glancing away, or shifting his feet the tiniest bit, his shoulders tense. Worry and embarrassment shone in his eyes.
Mycroft breathed the word without even thinking, leaning forward, stopping to gauge Greg’s willingness. Greg closed the gap, grasping Mycroft’s nape with his free hand, pulling him forward into a kiss that sparked every cell in Mycroft’s body.
Mycroft rushed to him and pulled up a chair, sitting closer to him than was strictly necessary. He wasn’t traditionally built for comfort, but he reached for Greg without hesitation, placing a hand on his upper arm and squeezing lightly in reassurance.
“You don’t have to keep calling me doctor, you know. I tell you this stuff as your partner, not as a doctor.”
“You think it’s a serial killer?” John asked. “Has Greg asked you to come in?”
“I’m never stupid.”
“Oh, I won’t bother you with that. I prefer to form my own impressions. Although I think that he was exaggerating when he called you the British government.”
Sherlock was about to object, but stopped himself. He wasn’t quite ready to share his bed for sleep yet. Not overnight sleep, anyway.
He was lonely because John was gone. That was all. He didn’t miss Mycroft. How could he when the man was constantly underfoot?
Sherlock’s breath stopped when John wrapped an arm around his shoulder to help him up, his left hand touching lightly over his ribs. A non-human hand. A warm, caring, yet
, he texted Lestrade.
John touched him only in ways he liked. Spoke to him only in ways he liked (bar having a disagreement). Only looked at him in ways he liked. This was a fluke. An anomaly. It would never be repeated again if the guilt on John’s face was any indication. There was nothing, nothing, to fear here. Nothing at all. He couldn’t be safer than with John.
“You’re doing an awful lot of explaining for someone who isn’t.”
“That sounds good to me,” Sherlock said. “Would you like that?”
John pointed at an image on the upper left corner, a long necked beast that bore a close resemblance to the most famous image of the Loch Ness monster. Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the reminder that he could no longer make fun of fools who believed such a preposterous tale to be real, for it was.
Mycroft huffed.
“I might fall asleep like this,” John murmured. “Wake me up if I do.”
“Hello?” he answered.
“A werewolf.”
“You doubt me?”
“I’m not going to hospital for a sprain. I’ll be fine.”
“That works. I’ll see you later, then.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, schooling his expression to as close to impassivity as he could muster.
`````````````````````
Mycroft leaned back with quiet misery.
“How could I not?” A grin burst on John’s face and he stepped on his tiptoes to kiss Sherlock’s cheek. “Oh my god. I’m… I’m honored. I…”
“I understand,” he said, voice softer.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at him, but refrained from further comment.
“Not from me, either,” Greg said. “I would love to, too. I needed that. It’s been a while for me, too. I’ve been so busy lately. I’m glad we did this.” Greg looked at Sherlock, an earnestness in his eyes reminiscent of when he’d told Sherlock that he supported him wholeheartedly when he came out. Sherlock sat up, dropping John’s hand. It felt like a moment one should sit up for.
