Then their eyes meet one more time, and without even thinking about it, they close the space between them and seek one more kiss from each other, gentle and affirming, before they move quietly to their bedroom and collapse into sleep.
“I’m telling you I don’t know what you’re…”
It’s not what Sherlock had asked for, at first.
“Of course not,” Mycroft said, lowering his chin and ducking in through the door to the kitchen, his back to John as he headed down the hallway.
Sherlock just glares at him. John giggles. “Sorry, sorry. I’m good. Now what?”
Sherlock shakes his head as if to clear it. “I mean, I think I would prefer you not upstairs not eventually, but not upstairs now. Starting now.”
She moves the vibrator back over his hip, up and down one cheek of his arse, then the other, avoiding the butt plug this time. As she circles him and pulls the vibrator over the other hip, she lands the crop across his backside, causing another grunt and another thrust.
If Sherlock wants to be calm, to act like everything is
“Fight, Sherlock,” Irene reminds him. “You know the rules. You need to fight."
, to unwind the tension and heightened stimulation from earlier, to build his pleasure and find his release and let it suffuse him, envelop him, satisfy him.
Sherlock looks up at John as the bits of phone come to rest, his eyes wide and questioning. He doesn’t try to move. John is breathing deeply, adrenaline pumping.
“Yeah. I mean... I was... in the army. In Afghanistan. I don’t know if he told you that?”
John stares at the the condom and small packet of lube in Daniel’s palm, and makes a decision.
John can’t help but laugh. “Yes. That’s a good idea. Twenty-four hours, then.” He pulls the door open and waits at the threshold for Sherlock. “Not to sound like a really old man, but why don’t we go up and just get some sleep, then see what we can do to start that clock running in the morning?”
“Upstairs,” Sherlock said.
“I was wondering when you were going to ask me about that.”
“Why?”
* * * * *
Then he plays them again.
“Okay then. Can we sleep now?”
“I haven’t finished,” John continues. “I’m going to have a wank, right at the end of your bed, and you’re going to watch me, but you have to watch my face, and only my face.” John smiles when Sherlock’s expression turns frustrated again.
“Sher… Sherlock.” It comes out a whisper, and John clears his throat to find his voice. “Sherlock, love, it’s okay, you can stop. You’re… I think you’re overstimulated.” John slides off the chair, falling quietly to his knees, and reaches for Sherlock’s wrist again. He gently stops its motion, pulling it off his cock, which bobs obscenely back up toward his stomach, still rock hard and strained.
John drops his teacup to the saucer with a frustrated sigh. “Sherlock…”
, thank you very much.
* * * * *
“Now. Get my cock out, using only your pretty little mouth. You can put your hands on my legs for balance, but otherwise, just your mouth.”
“Yeah.”
Prompt was "ice cream."
Sherlock lets that hang in the air for a moment. “So I left. For good, I thought, but it seems I couldn’t… stay away. I just couldn’t. I’m sorry.”
“Can we have the lights off tonight?”
He looks back up at John.
Sherlock nods slightly. “Wait.” The word comes out as breath, barely audible.
“Thank you,” Sherlock replies calmly. He reaches for John’s hand and leads him to the staircase at the back of the hall, then down the steps, and through another corridor to a sliding door with the number “3” in an elegant script painted above the handle.
He goes to have a shower, frustrated that the bathroom door is slightly ill-fitting to its frame, and therefore can’t be slammed in any kind of satisfying manner.
He holds his breath and fights his way to a tight, desperate, unsatisfying orgasm.
* * * * *
John is as close to coming in his jeans as he has been since he was a teenager, but he presses down on his erection and tries to take deep breaths. He knows it would help him relax if he closed his eyes for a few minutes to collect himself, but he barely even wants to blink for fear of missing a moment of what is happening before him.
But he doesn’t want to give Sherlock even one second’s temptation to cheat, so he holds his gaze, spits into his hand, and works his cock.
“Thank you,” he says breathlessly, when at last they separate.
“No. I’m enjoying some privacy and solitude.”
“You’re making it worse,” John says in a low growl, his eyes darkened. “I asked you to leave…”
“I’m here to see Sherlock, actually, is he up there?”
* * * * *
“Look at me.” He raises his eyes to meet hers. “Is it fitting correctly?”
Sherlock’s face broke into a crooked smile as he looked up at John. “This has been sold out for months.”
, John thinks.
Finally they are more or less where they need to be. John rests one hand lightly on Sherlock’s hip as he draws his cock into his mouth. It’s such an odd sensation, this position, and he has to resist a strange urge to somehow try to move his head around. He tilts forward and slides his mouth down, inhaling the musky scent of sweat and salt, then groans around the shaft as he feels his own cock sink into Sherlock’s ice-cooled mouth.
“All of it. The not sleeping or breathing or moving and how I’m causing adrenaline in the living room.” John takes one step into the room, and his voice drops. “I bet I could cause more.”
He’s watching. He’s learning.
A little postscript in honor of John and Sherlock's anniversary, January 29th.
“Outside,” he whispers, and stalks past him. He shoves his way through the crowd and out the front door. He moves around the side of the building to the alley and stops,  pulling the chilled air into his lungs and pushing it out again through his teeth, thinking how he did the same thing in the same alley two weeks ago and asked for this very thing.
John laughs kindly, thinking of how rarely he’s ever able to render Sherlock speechless. “The extra shifts I’ve been taking at work? Some of them were lessons.” He suddenly feels almost shy with embarrassment. “I was going to surprise you on Christmas morning, wrap up my crap music store student violin and let you open it. I’ve been learning ‘We Wish You A Merry Christmas,’ too.” He laughs again when he sees Sherlock’s expression hasn’t changed. “Honestly, I never know what to get you, so…”
Sherlock settles against John’s chest, in the same position as before. They breathe together in silence for a few minutes, and John wonders if Sherlock has slipped into sleep until he hears his muffled voice.
Except he can still hear the notes.
“I think you think I think it
“Thank you,” Sherlock said. He finally looked up. Were his eyes slightly wetter than usual? “I mean, yes, to the tea, but thank you for this.”
He does that again, and maybe once more, or twice. He sees tears leaking out from under the eyemask, a result of the gag reflex, and is almost surprised at himself that he doesn’t care. As he feels Sherlock’s throat contract uncontrollably around the head of his cock, as he listens to the wet, guttural, obscene noises he’s causing, he realizes how rarely he uses Sherlock like this. Really just fucking
“Yesh.”
John nods and is surprised when he feels tears he swears came out of nowhere trailing down his cheeks. “Dammit,” he says, embarrassed, scrubbing at them with the palm of his hand.
But then.
“Are you fucking kidding me? You wanted to see how I was, so you
Sherlock retrieves John’s t-shirt from the floor, and tosses it at him. “If we fight, or if you overreact by getting irrationally and unjustifiably mad at me when I conduct a perfectly reasonable pursuit of a suspect, we don’t come down here for at least twenty-four hours. Starting
* * * * *
John’s eyes went wide. “Sorry, are you wearing a
And then, in a rush, the fire comes back, overwhelming. John’s hand grips the back of Sherlock’s neck and angles his head, working his jaw wide open. He leans them backwards, reaching for the floor to break their fall, and groans into Sherlock’s mouth as he presses him into the carpet, shifting up to straddle his hips.
John shrugged, a small proud smile of his own emerging. “I pulled some strings.”
“I can’t... shut it off. Not really. Not on my own.”
” He paces away, then back, then away again, shaking his head as he looks back up. “It’s
“I don’t mean to worry you. I am a professional, Doctor Watson, and a very good one. I will cause him a great deal of pain, but as counterintuitive as it sounds, I know how to do it safely. Would you believe I was a nurse in my previous life?”
“I know, for ordinary people, one of them can accidentally stay out all night and no one panics. The other one’s… what, annoyed, or kind of worried, or even a bit angry, but not…” He drifted. Sherlock couldn’t find the words to describe how he felt when he couldn’t find John.
“That’s three,” she says. Her voice is playful. And threatening.
There’s no build up, no teasing, no soft kisses over his belly or a light tongue across his hipbone. Not
* * * * *
“Of course it’s not locked, you git. If you’re willing to accept the consequences, you can come in and see what I’m doing.”
“Oh, Ollie, what are you doing here? Get inside, you, it’s freezing out here,” she clucks, pushing the door open and then reaching back to pull him in after her, like she doesn’t quite want to let go of him, and when they are both inside and the door is closed, she pulls him into her arms again.
* * * * *
“What?” Sherlock asks innocently.
Sherlock exhales in something that sounds almost like relief. He pulls up onto his knees and leans forward, seeking a kiss, but for the second time tonight John puts a hand to his chest and stops him.
Finally, she leans over and whispers something in his ear.
The sensation is fantastic, but it’s an awkward angle, and as much as he enjoys denying Sherlock, he’s not that interested in prolonging his own release. After the promised minute, he pops off with a wet sucking sound and grips the metal grid to leverage himself back up to standing, positioning himself sideways, alongside Sherlock’s body. He grabs a fistful of hair again and shoves his mouth against Sherlock’s ear as he starts working his cock again at a feverish pace.
“No. Keep looking at me,” John said, so quietly. “You are beautiful, Sherlock, like it or not, and I’m going to keep telling you that until you believe me.” He leaned down and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s mouth.
Then he plays the next seven notes.
Except he can still hear the notes.
while it’s in our freezer?”
Because Sherlock Holmes is clearly lost, and John Watson will never be able to let him stay lost.
that,” Sherlock had whined once, and John didn’t admit that he agreed.)
“What kind of experiment?” John says, adopting the same tone of voice he just used for the last four hours with the drunk students, one of exaggerated genuine interest. Trying to have the most ridiculous conversation possible is the most fun you can have as a completely sober person talking to a completely drunk person. He digs in the drawer for their own bottle of paracetamol, because apparently he has one more dose to dole out, then finds a clean glass in the cupboard and holds it under the tap.
“What do you mean?”
John stares at him coolly. “You don’t get to decide where I sleep, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock,” he says quietly.
John smiles to himself at the idea that he could easily do this for hours, but there’s something he needs to take care of, the reason why he could never actually do this for hours, and he’s not feeling particularly patient.
up there?”
So. The first time that John didn’t notice was in a lazy moment, as they were drifting through some refractory downtime. Passing the minutes in sleepy idleness, affection with no real purpose, the sensation of touch for its own sake, still a bit of disbelief that they finally reached this point. Sherlock, his eyes blinking heavily, had reached his arms up to catch hold of the headboard, just because the stretch felt good. John lifted his head from where it had been resting on Sherlock’s ribcage and started to mouth over the expanse of skin. He smoothed his hands along Sherlock’s waist and glanced up, Sherlock’s hair a mess, his face blissfully relaxed, his stretched-out chest rising and falling with even, satisfied breaths, his arms taut and lengthened, and John muttered, “Fucking hell, you’re gorgeous.”
He doesn’t move a muscle when John enters. Or when John opens a cupboard, removes a glass, turns on the tap, turns it off, drinks the water, and sets the glass down.
, Sherlock. You could have called me, or come by the flat, at which point you open your mouth and say ‘How are you.’ You don’t
“Mum,” she yells, trying to stop the avalanche of detritus from her purse, wedged behind her shoulder and now tipped upside down from bending over. “Mum, stop talking, I dropped the phone…”
He sits with that for a moment, the idea that he might
He hasn’t been staying awake every night since, waiting for him. Of course not. He just happens to be awake this night, at 11:41pm, when John’s key opens the front door.
And this stupid shower isn’t going to dissolve it back down again.
“On your knees,” John says casually as he pushes the door closed behind him. This was always how it began. A simple directive, a starting point, to help Sherlock’s mind settle into John’s commands.
“I don’t suppose that’s ever actually happened before,” John says wryly.
couldn’t find words. “But we’re not ordinary.”
“Fine. I’ll wait until she gets back.”
“Fuck, I’m close, Sherlock, I’m so close. I’m going to spill all over you. God, just listen to what seeing you like this makes me do. What I sound like when I can’t control myself any longer.”
“Okay,” John nodded. “In case you were wondering, I’m not in the least suspicious about any of this. So where are you two off to?”
“Yes.” Sherlock turns to look at him. “Why does that surprise you?”
“Very good,” Irene says, after she’s circled him a few more minutes. She moves back to the bench and lays down the crop, then pulls on a pair of black latex gloves. She reaches over to one of the bottles by the sink and pumps what John decides must be lube into one palm. On her way back to Sherlock, she casually picks up an item from the bench, hooking it around a finger by its ring handle.
,” Sherlock breathed as he popped up off the sofa and went to inspect it. He flipped the lid open and peered in. “Oh, it’s perfect.”
Sherlock’s tongue traces a path up the shaft of his cock, and John groans as Sherlock closes a fist around the base. He pumps slowly with his hand, pulling back the foreskin, and then laps at the slit, sucking at the salty liquid he finds there. Finally, he circles his lips around the head and slides down, slowly, almost loosely, slicking his way with saliva. He opens his mouth and pulls up, touching only his tongue to the thick vein underneath. He does it a second time, and John lets his head fall back for only a second, thrusting up into Sherlock’s mouth, craving a tighter heat, but he’s the one who told Sherlock to go slow.
* * * * *
This is what he does upstairs, while Sherlock shakes out his hands downstairs.
Sherlock grunts, but says nothing.
“Was it you?”
“You’re okay like that?” Sherlock nods slightly. “Okay. Okay. Now the other one.” John releases the other wrist, again making sure nothing has been injured before bringing it to the floor as well. He runs his hands again along Sherlock’s arms, feeling for sufficient tension and strength, and is not quite satisfied that he finds it. “Go down on your elbows for me, love,” and Sherlock complies, stretching his hands out flat against the floor and dropping his head. The coughing has subsided, but he was still working on long, deliberate breaths.
“Stop that. This is not about you.
“Please, we’re all adults. You’re not shocked, are you?” Sherlock calls to the driver.
Sherlock looks over at him with a critical eye. “Nice sweater. Who got you that?”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
Sometimes he tries to piece it back together from his ghosting short-term memory, just to amuse himself. He’s still chuckling at “elbow prosthesis” as Sherlock jabbers on behind him when he hits the landing and starts to head into the flat, except he stops dead in the doorway.
“Do you need help?” Sherlock asks brightly.
* * * * *
“Leave me
“I believe that you would. Do you believe me when I tell you I feel the same?”
“God, you really are a thing of beauty,” he said quietly.
“Me too, and me too, and me too,” John replies, lifting his head and pressing a kiss into Sherlock’s stomach. He shifts up to his elbows, and looks over at him. “Bed? Might be a bit more comfortable.”
“Oh.” Sherlock pauses as though he’s not really sure what to do with that information. “Good.”
“Apparently a review is indeed necessary. You only have three rules, Sherlock, I’d have thought you could remember them. Three rules, which you can tell me in six words. Say them.”
And Sherlock, at the moment, couldn’t stand the sight of him.
But it was a long day, and by the time he pushes through the front door at 221B, he’s looking forward to a quick shower and then crawling into bed and curling up behind Sherlock’s back and sleeping for as long as he’ll let him.
“I know.” Sherlock’s voice is quiet.
“Hilarious as ever, John,” Sherlock responded dryly. “I’ll be back in time for tea. Get something in, will you?”
“Fuck,” John gasps. “We’re definitely doing your ankles, too. And don’t you fucking kick at me, or this ends right now. I mean it.”
“Christ, Sherlock…” John hitches up again and slides himself forward, pulling his legs out from under Sherlock until he has enough room to turn over. He sits down heavily with his back against the headboard and sighs. “We had a fight. We’re going to fight from time to time. It’s normal. And when we fight, we might need to spend some time in separate rooms.”
“When I asked if I can stay before,” John breathes, “I meant for good. Is that… would that be okay, do you think?”
So as soon as he sees the silk leave Sherlock’s hand, John steps back, withdrawing from Sherlock’s mouth, and drops to his knees. He brings one hand gently but firmly alongside Sherlock’s head and focuses on keeping his voice low and calm.
“A month.” John turns, finally, and stares at him. “And you’ve been following me.”
He lifts his head back up to watch John continue to move down and up at his new, horribly slow pace, once, twice, a third time.
Sherlock nods, grunting his assent.
am not here to indulge
He found Sherlock peering into the microscope at the kitchen table, the first he had seen him all day. He wordlessly held the vial out to him.
When she bends down to pick it up, her phone drops from the crook of her neck and clatters on the ground. She can still hear her mother prattling on about who’s bringing what to Christmas dinner.
“The last time we were a bit worse for the whiskey Lestrade brought us back from Ireland,” Sherlock says as he dips his head toward John’s knee and mouths his way up his thigh. “The heat may be sapping our energy, but I have faith in our sober coordination.”
... helping, right? Not as much as you’d want me to?”
And Sherlock complies. He strokes lube over his own erection and then quickly climbs back up, stopping to kiss John hungrily for a few long moments before positioning himself against John’s stretched entrance and slowly, steadily, pushing his entire length inside.
“You really can,” John answers, his voice still calm and quiet. “You can choose to respect what I have just told you I need right now. You
“With the train tickets? There was no note, didn’t you send them up as a gift?”
Sherlock levers up to push at John’s chest but John grabs his wrists once again. He comes up on his knees and pushes Sherlock back to the mattress with his own upper body, his hands on either side of Sherlock’s head. Sherlock stills for a moment.
* * * * *
“Sherlock?” he calls, drifting down the hall to their room. “Are you here? I brought in some lunch, but I need to take a shower first…”
Sherlock sighs. “So is Irene, as it happens. The point of this isn’t an emotional connection, John. It’s about surrendering your essential physical autonomy, for however long you’ve agreed to do so. Sex happens to be the particular... conduit, I suppose would be the closest word. I’ve tried this with both men and women and found that it makes no real difference, so it’s just a preference of individual personality, and aesthetic, if you want to call it that. Irene is good, and I like her.”
“Of course, I have already deduced it.”
“And no one lets me take drugs anymore. So I do… this.”
While John is pulling the cuff open, Sherlock suddenly wrenches free. He sits up and begins to shove John off of him.
“Can you tell me why you’re here?” she asks, and John has to bite back a pained laugh at the unexpected reminder of Ella in this particular moment.
“Yes. I’ll play whatever you want, every Sunday night for the next two months.”
John is standing in front of the open freezer with a paper bag in the shape of a pint of ice cream in his hand and a seriously exasperated expression on his face.
“Now, go down on your hands, and move back until your feet hit the grid.”
Sherlock turns around, a look of guilt crossing his face. “Sorry, did I wake you?”
“You married someone, after I came back. I was back, John, and you married her, and she died and you blamed me and I tried, I did try, I asked Mrs. Hudson if I could see you, and she said…”
* * * * *
* * * * *
Still nothing.
He holds out his hands to take the instrument back.
Whatever the reason, he is not asleep for a long time, and he is not asleep when daylight breaks and he is not asleep when he hears John get up from the couch and make his way through the kitchen and down the hall and Sherlock stops breathing when John is outside his door.
“For our parents,” Sherlock said, the disgust in his voice not able to entirely disguise a note of affection. “After a while it just became a thing. Every year we find a Santa, get the photo framed, put it under the tree on Christmas morning. My mother brings them all out and scatters them around the house every December.”
“Not once,” Irene confirms. “Safewords are necessary tools, and I want my clients to acknowledge their own limits. But the more I worked with him, the more I realized his tolerance is just absurdly high.”
“For good.”
“Secret Santa. They’ve all received gifts today with no cards or notes. They think it must be me.”
And so John gives over to it, to pounding mercilessly into Sherlock’s throat, chasing his own release, thrilling to the idea of watching his seed spill out of Sherlock’s mouth. He more or less loses track of time as he surrenders, for once, to some self-indulgence, to a few moments of purely hedonistic behavior. He loses
John glances at the clock. 2:30 am. He doubts Sherlock had even come to bed.
There’s an eight-foot-tall real tree in front of the window by the sofa, a shorter skinny fake one behind John’s chair, and three different green ceramic ones on the coffee table. (All of the lights on all of the trees are blinking in random and very likely headache-inducing patterns.)
Mycroft sighed and turned around, confirming that he was, in fact, wearing a reindeer tie. He stood with a hand on his hip, opening his coat just enough to reveal a matching pattern on the pocket square. He glared at John, who was not bothering to hide his high-pitched, only
“Oh, for fuck’s sake. I give up. Just come in.”
Sherlock calmly closes the freezer door. “Would you be up for an experiment?” he asks, reaching for the bag in John’s hand and extracting the pint, and flipping it with a twist of his wrist so it lands in his hand a moment later, label side up. “Rum raisin, my favorite.” He looks up at John expectantly.
“And I said get out. Actually, what I meant to say was fuck off.” Sherlock spits the words at him, but doesn’t stop moving.
Sherlock sits back on his heels again. His eyes are on fire with satisfaction, his lips red and wet as he gasps for breath, and his own erection is straining the cloth of his pyjamas. He locks his gaze with John and slowly drags the back of a hand across his mouth, a filthy, defiant gesture.
John pulls off of Sherlock and leans back, catching his breath. Sherlock moans at the loss of contact, his erection jutting forward, slick and glistening in the low light.
Daniel groans. “That’s fine,” he mutters, his elbows braced against the wall. “Just… God, John, just
Poor Mrs. H. snore-snorts as she startles awake, sitting up and patting her hair and apron into place on what seems like automatic pilot while she gets her bearings. Finally she looks up at them and blinks as a look of relief washes over her face.
“What you
John maintains his tight grip on Sherlock’s hair as he groans into his ear. His need swallows him and he dissolves.  “God, fuck, yes yes
“If your heart ever stops, mine will too. That’s how this works, now. I know it isn’t fair, that’s not a fair thing to ask of anyone, but John…” Sherlock’s voice had started to quaver.
John sits up too, and they lean in to share their first kiss of the day.
John blinked, distracted for a second by how dry his eyes were, while his brain, in the background, processed what Sherlock had said.
“Yeah, I think you might have done,” John says, urging him on into the bedroom. He tries to keep Sherlock standing steadily while pulling back the covers, then lets him sit down on the edge of the bed.
When John reached four, Sherlock grunted in a way that suggested more pain than pleasure, and John swallowed down a catch in his throat.
John looks at the tray and laughs. “Sherlock, it’s three in the morning.”
“Ah,” the bloke replies, an awkward pause, a nervous laugh. “Not one to waste time, then. I’m Daniel.” He offers his hand.
After a few minutes, Sherlock has gone almost quiet, apparently lost to the sensations that must be coursing through his body. His balance is fairly steady, his breathing is deep, there's just a short, mindless moan on each exhale.
Irene slowly brings the wand up toward Sherlock’s collarbone. When it is about half an inch from his skin, there’s a crackling noise as the wand sparks bright purple.
“Listen. I’m not promising anything, okay? I heard everything you said. I know you won’t expect me to do anything I’m not comfortable with, and I accept that you are willing to give up this part of your life for me, for the sake of us. But pop culture nonsense aside, I don’t really know that much about it. I’m guessing what I’ve been doing has probably been very amateur. Let me see what’s really involved, what really happens to you. Let me try to understand it. I’ll tell you if I think I can’t do it.”
Sherlock,
of John’s patience, of quiet nights and occasional pints and working cases and doing the shopping, and making sure everything he ever did said I’m here, I’m right here beside you and I’m never leaving again, knowing that trying to reassure him with mere words would never get it done.
Which is John, sitting on the bed, his back against the headboard, knitting.
He blinks and scrubs a hand through his hair to dissipate the last fuzzy sensations of the dream. Sherlock is, in fact, playing the violin in the sitting room, but he’s using his practice mute, a metal device that fits over the bridge and dampens the volume. He always uses it when he plays in the middle of the night, like he is now.
Sherlock nods, in a vague “whatever” way, because he’s frozen, his heart pounding in his chest.
Every attempt is futile. John hates when he does this, loves when he does this. He raises his head, his mouth angling for Sherlock’s, but no. Sherlock shifts and John’s nose glances off a sharp cheekbone. He hovers his open mouth just out of reach, a breath is shared, and then he pulls up, smirking.
did I do?” he rasped as Lestrade started the car. He swore he felt the lining of his esophagus absorb the first sip of water before it ever reached his stomach.
With a frown Sherlock climbs onto the bed and straddles John across his thighs. He’s not particularly stealthy about it, so John startles awake and pushes up onto his elbows in a reflex. “Fuck…” he mutters, sighing as he realizes what has just happened. He drops his head loosely. “Sherlock, I’m sleeping.”
A minute later Sherlock does pull off. As one hand continues to pump him, John feels Sherlock’s long fingers trace a path lightly over his balls, then further back, and he pulls up his knees shamelessly.
Sherlock glares and takes a tiny petulant sip. “Honestly, John, I can hold… my…
John reaches for his mobile and taps open the timer. “Yes, you can. I know you can. Just one minute. You can yell anything you want the whole time, beg me, curse me, but I won’t stop unless you say ‘yellow’. If you do, I’ll pull off immediately, but I’m also hitting pause on this.” He shows Sherlock the single minute on the timer. “You can take just the time you need to collect yourself, no more, and we’re going to finish sixty seconds before the lights can go on.”
A package, about the size of a shoebox but standing on its end. Wrapped in Christmas paper. Big red bow placed squarely in the middle. No card.
much less this. This took
* * * * *
“Yeah?”
When John straightens up again, Sherlock runs his hands slowly up John’s bare thighs and leans forward to bury his nose in the cloth alongside John’s erection. He takes a long, slow inhale, until John suddenly grips the hair at the back of his head and pulls it away. Sherlock gasps, and John’s voice is an angry, tight whisper in Sherlock’s ear.
Bits and pieces of the previous evening began to poke through the black fog still surrounding John’s short-term memory. A frustrating day at the clinic, an invite for pints from Jeff and Lenore, and some other people, and then there were mixed drinks, some of them blue. And then there were shot glasses, and then someone lived next door? And there were possibly more shots? His memory trailed off as his stomach lurched.
on me. You don’t follow me around and watch me get drunk and watch me
John lifts the bow and pulls it to the right, across each string in turn until he runs out of horsehair, then moves it back across, and does it again. “Hey!” he smiles dumbly, looking inordinately proud of himself. “I played something!” He saws the bow over the strings a few more times.
He doesn’t acknowledge John as he sits in his own chair, or for the several silent minutes that follow.
“Okay.” He hasn’t asked for that before, but John doesn’t mind the idea; in fact, something in it appeals to him, too. Lord knows there were enough times he had to resist a physical reaction to frustration with Sherlock’s behavior; he could get behind a bit of roughhousing.
“Do you remember your results?” John asks calmly.
Now they are both panting. John rolls off to one side and roughly yanks Sherlock’s body down the bed so his arms are as outstretched as they can be. He watches Sherlock struggle against the straps, but he doesn’t have enough slack to really get any momentum.
John groans as his head drops back to the pillow. He screws his eyes shut tight and concentrates on gathering every piece of sensory information he can. The weight on his wrists, a pressure he craves more than he’d care to admit. The presence and heat emanating from the body just above him. The unruly hair that brushes his chest, preceding by a fraction of a second the warmth of a breath, the touch of a lip, or if he’s lucky that time, the dart of a tongue.
, is the absurd word that comes to John's mind. It's smooth and clear, and could be acrylic, but judging by the weight as it dangles from Irene's hand, it's probably solid glass.
John drains his glass and leans behind him to set it down, but pulls an ice cube into his own mouth first. He trails the back of his hand along Sherlock’s thigh and presses his mouth to a knee, drawing the ice in a circle, as his hand finds Sherlock’s half-hard cock. As he drifts his fingers lightly along the shaft, he hears, “Wait… I think… just…” and feels Sherlock tugging him down the bed as he’s shifting back up.
“We’ve
John cuts him off. “Let’s go.”
“No,” Sherlock whispers again.
“Sherlock. Just look at it. Recognize anyone?”
John looked up at the front door of 221B, took a deep breath, and pushed it open.
“She didn’t tell you?”
Four months after the aquarium, John goes out.
If only Molly could have secured the heart by Thursday instead of Friday, this might have been avoided, but no. And it was John who had established this pattern, who had decided that he would offer daily gifts of penance in an attempt to demonstrate the depth of his guilt and remorse. He had no one but himself to blame for that, and for the reason it all had to happen in the first place.
He felt bile rise in the back of his throat, and it wasn’t just the hangover. Somehow the fact that Sherlock, in his completely justified anger, still came up and did something kind for him only made it all worse.
“I thought… didn’t Sherlock?... I thought he would have explained it.”
Sherlock makes a noise in the back of his throat. He is not just looking at John’s eyes now, but staring, and John is pretty sure that it’s because Sherlock can see the barest glimpse of what’s going on in his peripheral vision, and that’s what he’s concentrating on, even though his eyes are directed at John’s. In John’s own periphery, he can see Sherlock’s fists, strapped at the corners of the bed, clenching and releasing, over and over again.
John knows he means it, and his heart wells a little bit, and maybe his eyes, too. It took them so fucking long to reach this point, the point where they could say out loud that the other’s happiness was more important than their own, and that’s why they were finally here.
Sherlock replies with a startled but gratified moan. He adjusts quickly, pushing his lower jaw forward to close his mouth around the surface and draw back. John lets him move up and back once, then again, then a third time.
John is suddenly so overwhelmed he can hardly breathe.
Yes, John is the dom in this room, but neither of them are under any illusions that Sherlock isn’t the center of attention. Everything John does he does
“A heart.”
Sherlock’s mouth drops open. Irene slips the silicone ball into it and moves behind him to fasten the buckle around his head, then stands in front of him again.
of it,” Sherlock says quickly. “The Santas can stay.”
John’s breath catches in his throat as the point Sherlock’s making comes into sharp relief. He wonders how he will ever get used to the idea that he is capable of loving someone this much, and that the very same someone loves him that much in return.
“Yes.” And he smiles again, and sighs, full of exhaustion, and hope, and relief.
“An experiment with… beverages.”
“Mrs. Hudson? Can I talk to you about 221C?”
about that, they’d be down there every other bloody day, and neither one of them could reasonably be considered young anymore.
Sherlock stares up at him, instinctively hunching over the instrument. “Have you ever played the violin before?”
“No second chances,” she says, standing in front of him. “Open your mouth.”
Sherlock ripped the paper off the flimsy cardboard box and lifted the lid, blinking at the contents.
He tries to remember if he had ever done that before, actually rung the bell, and he’s almost certain he hasn’t.
John’s eyes are filled with concern. “Sherlock? The lights are on. I want to do this. Let me... take care of you.”
. He dries off and wraps the towel around his waist, then peeks in the bedroom. Sherlock hasn’t moved a muscle and appears to be sleeping, so John pads to the kitchen and digs into the pasta salad, eating half the container while standing irresponsibly in front of the open fridge.
Not as startling a part of this display as it otherwise might be on its own is the three-foot-wide gold plastic menorah sitting on the center of their desk with what is clearly a Christmas tree skirt wrapped around its base.
It was better than he could have ever imagined.
Toward the end of the day, he was by himself in the back, disposing of blood draws in the medical waste containers. He picked up the last vial and considered it. It was from a patient who was diagnosed with an extremely rare blood disorder earlier in the week, and they had held the sample back to retest it before referring the woman to a specialist. John poured the contents into a fresh vial, capped it, and tucked it in his pocket while trying not to think about how many ethical guidelines and/or actual laws he had just broken as he headed home.
John’s mouth curled at Sherlock’s exaggerated agony as he took it. He set it carefully on the table and gingerly opened the cover to the very first photo.
“It’s nothing,” Sherlock shook his head, offering a clearly fake smile to John before glancing down suggestively. “Feel free to resume your previous activity…”
Sherlock sighs and stares at the ceiling. “It wasn’t me, I swear.”
She turns the box in her hand, staring at it. Then her face breaks into a smile as she picks up her phone and sends a text.
When John opens the door to Sherlock's room - the room they use when the lights are off - Sherlock is pacing. He’s removed his shirt but is still wearing jeans, already an infraction, but John ignores it for now.
“I’ll be down in a minute, okay?” John calls after him. “I’m just going to have a wank first…”
“We’d like to rent it.”
He can’t take his eyes off of Sherlock, but turns his head in Irene’s direction. “Look, you should know… if he calls you again, you should see him. I told him he could come back, if he wants to.”
John lets Sherlock struggle for a few more moments, and sighs. “Jesus, Sherlock, you’re a terrible liar.”
“I can’t… fuck… John, please…” Sherlock is yanking hard on his wrist cuffs, which hold tight. John casts his eyes to the timer; only twenty seconds have passed.
He resists it, at first, trying to tell himself that it’s not real, it’s a figment, it is bullshit. He closes his eyes and wills it away, but it doesn’t comply. It is, instead, stronger than ever.
“Why do you want it, anyway?” John called from the kitchen, pulling open the fridge and rummaging for a beer he knew had to be in there somewhere. God, it had been a long week.
“Sherlock, you know you say that every time, right?” Sherlock’s eyes gave away that he
Sherlock shakes his head slightly. “Not yet. It’s a little busy up here tonight.” He puts a palm to his forehead, then slides his hand back through his own hair and lifts his head to look at John. “I can play you back to sleep, though? That one lullaby that always works?”
John almost (almost) lets himself get lost in it. It’s so tempting. But then the day’s events slam back into the forefront of his mind.
John moves in the blink of an eye, roughly grabbing Sherlock’s head and bringing his mouth up to meet his own.
Sherlock solemnly hugs the unfinished sweater to his chest, then leans into John a little. “Except… now that I’ve ruined the surprise… will you come work on it downstairs?” He turns his mouth up to John’s cheek, nuzzling a kiss along his jaw. “I miss you when you’re up here,” he whispers.
Sherlock seems to think better of his request and takes John’s advice. He settles his head back and closes his eyes.
“How…” Sherlock starts, and his voice catches. “I mean… when…?”
“You’re eager for this? Really?” John leans over with a swift motion, his hand fisting in Sherlock’s hair as he shoves his mouth against his ear. His voice is low, just above a growl, and he thrusts his fingers into Sherlock with each word. “Don’t. You. Fucking. Come. Do you hear me?”
And Sherlock does, his hips thrusting as far forward as they are able as he fucks John’s hand, adding to its mess and shouting behind his bit in aching, desperate relief.
John holds the man’s gaze as he takes a pull of his drink. He sucks his teeth as he swallows, looks the man up and down, then locks his eyes and says, “Not dance, actually, no.” He sets his glass down without breaking eye contact.
“It’s blood.”
“For an experiment.”
John looked up from where he was comfortably sprawled on the sofa, a book in his hand. “I’ve deduced,” he began, sitting up, “that the Holmes brothers’ activity today was not in the least bit serious, or nefarious, or in any way covered by Official Secrets. In fact, all evidence suggests that you were doing something I personally would find
John looks up, genuinely startled. He didn’t think it would start this soon. He hardens his tone, watching Sherlock pace.
Unsurprisingly, not too much time passes before they sense each other’s desperation and start to pump in earnest, hard and fast. John feels Sherlock’s hand fist in his hair, a warning, and he pulls Sherlock’s hips forward to keep the head of his cock at the back of his throat. Sherlock pulls off John to moan breathlessly as he comes, his hips twitching uncontrollably into John’s mouth, and John moves with him, swallowing and swallowing around him.
Almost instantaneously, John shoves his arm aside.
“Come to bed?” John asks again, his voice low and full of need.
“With what?”
John turns the vibrator on and off at random for another minute, watching him flail, then pushes the button and leaves it on. Sherlock yells wordlessly for almost ten seconds, then, finally, breathlessly: “Stop, stop, stop…”
” He thrashes against John’s grip and occasionally manages to lift one fist or the other off the sheets for a split second, but the angle is terrible and John is
“A suit.” Sherlock crossed the room in three long strides and pulled his coat from the arm of the sofa.
Eventually Irene deposits the crop on the bench and picks up a pair of rubber-coated spring clamps connected by a black rubber cord. She pinches one hardened nipple between her thumb and the side of her forefinger and closes the clamp around it, then does the same on the other side. She tugs lightly at the cord, testing the clamps, and hears Sherlock moan in response.
, and the sight of it makes him angry too, because fuck Sherlock and his fucking masochistic self-denial. He wants so badly to pull that cock back into his mouth, pump him hard and fast, rip the orgasm he knows he would cause right the fuck out of the man, watch him come apart and thrash against his restraints, hear him scream as John sucks him into the back of his mouth and swallows around him, swallows every last drop, and keeps working his throat around the head until the hypersensitivity becomes cruelly, unbearably painful, and let
“And she’s okay with me… observing?”
Sherlock nods silently, his gaze lowering to the floor.
John smiles as he turns onto his side as well. “This didn’t go so well the last time we tried it.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, and John can hear that he means it, but his face is still passive, exhausted, inscrutable. John gently hovers over him, leaning in for a tentative, languid kiss, which Sherlock accepts without hesitation.
At this, Sherlock lifts his head to press a quiet kiss to John’s chest and starts to untangle himself from John’s body while John moves to sit up against the headboard.
John’s eyes go a bit wet, and he laughs at himself. “I was just about to say ‘I never want to hurt you,’ but then realized how ridiculous that sounds. But it is true, somehow?” He smiles sheepishly. “I never want to hurt you, Sherlock, not ever. And I know I’m not making sense, but do you know what I mean?”
When he finally, finally finds some balance, a tiny bit of precarious steadiness against lingering involuntary muscle twitches, he exhales in a long, shuddering sigh, and lets his head loll forward to his chest, surrendering to a complete, absolute exhaustion.
At one point Irene pulls the wand away, adjusts a dial at the base, then quickly touches it to his stomach. Sherlock gasps sharply and jumps again, his shoulders caving over as he moans, long and low.
“Yeah.”
tie?”
* * * * *
He goes back a week later, gets a Jack and Coke from the other end of the bar, and waits.
“Very good!” Sherlock says brightly and full of sarcasm. “Are we done?”
He always knows when John is close. Sherlock brings his left hand up and grips the top of the headboard, providing better leverage against John’s thrusts. His spits into his right, graceless and desperate, and starts to work at his cock, trying to keep some kind of rhythm while John pounds into him.
John sighed and stood up. He realized he was probably going to be sleeping upstairs for longer than just tonight, so he went into the bathroom to collect his toothbrush. Just as he was exiting the kitchen door to the hallway, Sherlock spoke.
Which was shorter than he expected, really.
“No,” John says forcefully. “No, Sherlock. We agreed, before, that what happens down here can’t be about… real life, our life outside this room. I don’t get to punish you here for pissing me off up there.” John bends down to press his mouth into the side of Sherlock’s head. “I’m so sorry. It wasn’t my intention, it really wasn’t, but I can’t promise it didn’t seep in to what I was doing to you. I let go, in that moment, and I shouldn’t have.”
John just grinned and picked up his book. “I’m coming to bed tonight in a Christmas tree jumper and nothing else.”
And there he is again. Always in the same position.
“I’m sorry,” comes the whispered voice behind him. “About today. I know I’m… I’m a nightmare sometimes. I love you.”
He shrugs into his robe and shuffles out into the kitchen. Sherlock is facing the window, as usual, and John doesn’t want to startle him, so he leans in the doorway, watching him in the glow of the fairy lights Mrs. Hudson hangs on the mantel every December, which they both secretly enjoy. He listens to the sad, sweet melody, until it comes to an end, and Sherlock lets the instrument drop from his shoulder.
do that.”
He waits for Sherlock to look up at him, and holds his gaze for one second, then another, then a third. Sherlock’s eyes are unusually dark, and offer no clues.
Sherlock decides to make tea with maybe just a slightly higher than usual amount of noise, trying to wake John up in a way that appears accidental. Teapot, cups, saucers, milk, sugar, spoons clink onto the tray. When he carries it into the living room, John is sitting up, leaning forward, rubbing his eyes.
Sherlock turned his hand and held up the tickets, his grin widening. “Mycroft’s name is on them.”
John looks, too.
Now, after all this time, now that they are finally together, now that they are
Sherlock’s voice is low, almost breaking. John looks up from his computer and sees him standing in the doorway, his eyes drifting around the room, settling everywhere but on John.
Finally John peels himself from Sherlock’s back, withdraws as gently as he can, and collapses onto his side. Sherlock slowly lets his knees slide out from under him, but stays up on his elbows for a minute as he recovers, his head bowed, his breathing labored. He leans off the bed and cleans his hand on whatever piece of clothing he finds, then sinks down into the pillow, his eyes toward John, open but unfocused.
Sherlock’s stubborn facade dissolves, his eyes widen. His mouth moves for a second before he forms the whispered words: “I can’t.”
Sherlock nods.
John sighs. “I mean, we’ve made some progress, right? I’ve realized I don’t mind bossing you around sometimes.” John feels Sherlock smile into his chest at this. “The rest of it… I just need to learn, don’t I? Get more data. Observe.”
“Sherlock. I sleep in your bed. I go out with you on cases. You’re usually hanging around Bart’s while I’m teaching. It is quite normal, healthy even, for us to spend the occasional hour or two apart, even when we’re both in the house. Now get over here and do whatever science it is you do that makes your garlic bread so vastly superior to mine.”
“For today. It felt like you were punishing me for today, for what happened… out there.”
The third time is 25 days after the second time.
“Can I stay?” His voice is strained, and he clears his throat.
John smiled. “I was rummaging in a box in what
“How long. Have you. Been back.”
There’s even a fucking
“Not really,” John says, rubbing his hair again. “The melody came into my dream. I knew it was you playing, and kept trying to find you, but every time I went into a new room, it seemed like you had just moved out of it.”
“It pinged as being at the clinic.” Lestrade reached to the seat beside him, then passed John’s phone back to him. “We found it in your lab coat.”
“What I’m doing, when the lights go off, it’s not enough.”
Not only did John not know what to say, but now he didn’t know what to do. Should he just stand here until Sherlock moved? He could feel the gravity of sleep pulling at him, so as a course of action, just standing here wouldn’t last long. He opened his mouth to try one more time, then closed it, then realized how thirsty he still was, and now that he thought about it, he could use a piss, and the silence just got more and more awkward. When he finally spoke again, it was tentative, halting, as he expected to be cut off at every syllable.
Sherlock can barely get the words out in between gasps, but none of them are the one word that will actually stop John, so John ignores him, does not even slow down. He hears a long, low moan emanate from Sherlock’s throat, and every leg muscle under John’s hands feels like stone, tensed, tight, immobile.
“I did, but my supervisor came in yesterday and said they had found someone else who wanted the overtime, and then he handed me your envelope.”
He’s moving over John, holding himself up with hands that are wrapped around John’s wrists, pressing them to the bed on either side of John’s head. He is only barely staying out of contact, lowering himself just enough to ghost his lips here and there over John's neck and upper torso. John inhales deeply, a trick to lift his chest, but Sherlock, wise to the ploy, rises with him, maintaining the thin space between them.
Sherlock turns around, a look of guilt crossing his face. “Sorry, did I wake you?”
Sherlock, too busy rolling his eyes and probably
There is honestly so much assaulting their vision that it takes both of them longer than it otherwise would have to notice that Mrs. Hudson is currently snoozing on their sofa.
“John, I can’t
“Now that we’re warmed up,” Irene says, “let’s see if you can stick to the two rules you haven’t broken.”
John’s hand freezes for an instant. He doesn’t know exactly how to respond. After all, almost everything they do in 221C could be classified as punishment, in one way or another, but he doesn’t think that’s what Sherlock means.
“And the snow globes,” John adds.
Sherlock lowers his head into the crook of John’s neck and shoulder and slams his hips home three more times until finally, finally, he lets go.
But then he feels Sherlock drop to the ground next to him.
* * * * *
He hasn’t been to a club in a decade. He doesn’t go now with any real expectation. He orders a shot of tequila, knocks it back in one, passing on the salt and lime bits. He thinks his age will be an issue.
John stops the vibrator instantly and, as quickly as he can, slides the toy free of Sherlock’s body. Sherlock’s arms are ramrod straight at his sides, his knees pressed together tightly. He grimaces, gasping loudly through his teeth, and tries to come down.
Irene silently picks up the crop again.
She pulls the flogger from his body completely, then rotating it in a circular motion, strikes down one hip, then the other, back and forth in precise, clearly practiced movements. His breath is still gasping as he turns his head into his shoulder and upper arm, and his hips flex forward once more.
She moves the vibrator across his chest, the skin still reddened and sensitive, until she reaches the other nipple and presses the vibrator into it. His groan is louder now, and starting to contain a whine.
* * * * *
When his eyes come back into focus, he notices a small box on top of some file folders. A silver box with a big red bow, clearly a gift, and he assumes it’s meant for him since it’s been very deliberately placed dead center on his desk, although there is no note or card. He lifts the lid.
He presses another kiss to the mop of curls under his chin. “And Sherlock, listen. I’m serious about this part. If it turns out I can’t handle it, and there are times when you feel like you need it…”
What he couldn’t tell, not immediately, were a number of other things. Like where he was, or what time it actually was, or how, exactly, he had ended up on the floor of this unknown flat at this unknown hour.
About a half hour later John trots down the same stairs, straight into the kitchen, and opens the fridge, pulling out some salad makings. He piles them on the kitchen table, then turns back and fills a large pot with water, setting it on the stove and clicking the gas burner to life.
Then he plays them again.
“Are you sure?” John stands, glancing quickly from her to Sherlock and back again. “I don’t… is there anything in particular I need to know?”
John allows himself a glance at Sherlock’s body, and sees with satisfaction that Sherlock’s cock is thick and hard, straight up against his own stomach.
“It’s still playable,” Sherlock said under his breath, reaching for the last two games in the bag. “Dominoes. And Operation? We have that one too.”
The fact that Sherlock
He’s not sure he’s ever seen anything hotter than the line of saliva that hangs from Sherlock’s mouth when he pulls off to cough and catch his breath.
* * * * *
you didn’t notice.”
This happens more often than not, after the lights.
The blue one, as they refer to it, requires repositioning. John moves around the bed, unhooking each cuff from its leg of the bed frame. He lowers Sherlock’s arm to his side and pulls his ankle up until his heel meets his thigh, then cuffs the ankle and wrist together, and does the same on the other side. Sherlock fidgets a bit, rolling his shoulders, letting his knees splay out, then pulling them back parallel to the ceiling, and settles.
be Sherlock’s fucking punishment.
But then, on John’s next downward motion, Sherlock suddenly moves a hand to the back of John’s head and
John thrusts forward once. Sherlock grunts, breathing heavily through his nose. John pulls back slowly, keeping himself just inside Sherlock’s mouth, for a beat or two, then thrusts again, feeling the head of his cock bump hard against the back of Sherlock’s throat. He pulls back again. He does all of it one more time, quickly forward, then a slow pull back, and holds still for just a moment.
” He drops his chin to his shoulder and peers back. “Do you have…”
He smooths his hand down the front, his fingers drifting over the pleasantly scratchy honeycomb pattern as he walks back out to the living room. Sherlock is sitting properly on the sofa now, his face still bured in the journal. John drops beside him.
They both know he’s not talking about the kiss.
* * * * *
out of his head, to move
“God help me,” John muttered.
And he
“How do you know how to knit?” Sherlock asks, moving to sit beside him, watching with fascination as John maneuvers yarn under and around and over the bewildering array of needles.
John’s eyebrows knotted together.
John stops to look at him and works to quell the panic rising up the center of his body.
“Forward. I’d like that.” He holds Sherlock’s gaze as Sherlock pushes himself off the wall and moves to stand in front of him.
Sherlock smiles. “She loves an audience. I’d never agreed to that before. She’s looking forward to meeting you. But John…” The smile disappears, and Sherlock shifts in his seat to look at John directly. “You can’t interrupt her. You know that, right? If something… upsets you, you’ll just need to leave, and wait for me upstairs.”
Sherlock smiles back at her as he enters. John casts his eyes around the room, trying to take it all in without looking like that’s what he’s doing.
Sherlock, his eyes locked on John’s, pushes his tongue out of his mouth and lets it hang there for a second before moving it back to the head of John’s cock.
“Oh, God, Sherlock, I’m going to come soon. I’m going to come all over you, but don’t you dare look down. Watch my face. Look only at my face. Oh, God... fuck....
No, it’s not the request that has John bothered. It’s the way it’s being requested. Sherlock isn’t ordinarily hesitant to ask for anything.
“It’s a present, Sherlock, like the blood and the tickets. I’m bringing you presents.”
* * * * *
As she moves in front of Sherlock, John can see quite clearly that it’s a butt plug. Neither too large or too small, but
Sherlock sighed, then took a deep breath. “You once said you find it difficult, this sort of thing,” he said slowly.
John is struck by Sherlock’s beauty in the oddest moments, like right now. Sherlock follows his instructions perfectly, with instant, eager grace. There were nights when he was simply stunning in his submissiveness, and tonight is one of them.
“Good,” she says, as she continues drawing the crop over his chest and stomach. She lands another blow to the outside of his hip, and this time the grunt is accompanied by a twitch from his cock.
“Lift your head. Don’t look up, just straight ahead. Come up on your knees. No talking.”
Sherlock was not here. Of course he wasn’t. He went away, away from London, away from
Sherlock moves with the momentum, stumbling back a few steps but regaining his balance in a slow, even adjustment. He doesn’t try to move forward, or raise his hands in self-defense, not even when John steps toward him again, and shoves again, except this time Sherlock is stopped by the wall of the alley, and John advances one more time, and reaches for Sherlock’s jaw, and pulls down.
“You need to fight it, Sherlock. Let me see you fight it, no matter what I do.”
“Fine. We’ll attract all the feral cats in the neighborhood, shall we? Stand up straight,” Sherlock says exasperatedly, pushing John’s shoulders back a little. He moves around behind John’s right shoulder and holds the bow out in front of him. “Thumb here, four fingers on the other side.” John takes it from him and tries to mimic the position. “Here… just…” Sherlock mutters, repositioning a couple of fingers, and sighing in despair.
Before securing the second wrist, though, he grabs the mobile from the table and whips it over his shoulder. It smashes against the wall and clatters to the floor, in several pieces, judging by the sound.
“Did you forget I was working late, love?” John reaches up and ruffles his hair back from his forehead, then cups his face gently, stroking a cheekbone with his thumb.
* * * * *
“A capital idea,” Sherlock says, and snores on his next inhale.
“John...” Sherlock starts to push up again, but John threads a hand into his hair and keeps him pressed to his chest.
He moves to John’s left side and settles the padded shoulder rest across his collarbone, then lifts John’s left hand to the violin’s neck. “No, like this,” he tuts, turning John’s wrist and moving it under the fingerboard so he’s holding it correctly. He stands back and regards John, who looks like he’s afraid to move.
Sherlock can do nothing but follow John’s demanding lead. John hears him whimper deep in his throat, knowing he is stretching Sherlock’s jaw to painful limits. Sherlock is breathing loudly through his nose, but John doesn’t really care that he’s not getting enough air at the moment. He wants this, right now, and he's taking it.
Watching John recover from his admittedly wretched trick, Sherlock’s mouth drifts into a self-satisfied smirk. Then, slowly, deliberately, maintaining eye contact as long as he is able, Sherlock rotates over until he’s on all fours. He arches his back, sinks to his elbows, and peers around at John again, his mouth still curved into a challenge, his eyes alight with anticipation.
Some time later, John drifts awake to the feeling of Sherlock’s nails drawing a slow, smooth line through his t-shirt, up and down his spine. This is one of his favorite sensations, and he arches his back into it, just for a moment, until he wakes up enough to remember what had happened earlier, and the anger floods back into his body almost before he is consciously aware of it.
* * * * *
“I can’t lie,” Irene continues. “There are still things I wish I could do to him. Bloodplay, for example, is against the rules of this particular house. I couldn’t cut him even if he asked for it. But what I wouldn’t give to see him like he is now, only with a single line of crimson running straight down his spine.”
Irene stand back and looks at him. Naked, hard, blindfolded, hearing muted, mouth gagged, arms strained, balance precarious.
“Then we’ll see.”
“Sure. Okay. Yeah.” John rubs his palms along the tops of his thighs, trying to figure out where to start. He can’t help but look up at Sherlock, who has stilled his hands. He looks quickly back at his lap, reminding himself that he asked for this, that this is happening because of him, he can do this, he can.
John shifted up to his knees, then took Lestrade’s hand and lurched to his feet, slightly embarrassed at how much of the heavy lifting Lestrade had to do to get him there. When he raised his head, his vision swam for a second, until something in the distance, in the hallway behind Lestrade, began to come into focus. The back of a coat, a dark head of hair, moving away from where he was standing. Or swaying, more accurately.
John isn’t there when Sherlock gets back from Islington later that afternoon, and isn’t there the next morning, and hasn’t texted to say
He opens his eyes.
She drifts the vibrator up from his nipple along his collarbone and the arm stretching up from his shoulder, then guides it back down and around his ribcage to his back. John assumes she is running it down his spine, from the way Sherlock extends his chest and belly forward, and then he can hear it vibrating against the glass butt plug before Sherlock moans loud and long, ending with a shudder.
Sherlock’s mouth finds his, and he inhales the words.
* * * * *
“What? No, of course not. I pulled… strings. My own strings. I have strings, you know.”
Every moment of silence was a dagger in John’s chest, but he knew he deserved it. How could he be so stupid, so insensitive, given the lives they led? There were criminals, actual dangerous criminals, who not only knew who they were and knew where they lived, but now, because of the delightfully thorough tabloid press, also knew what they were to each other.
“The nice things,” Sherlock said. “About me.” He rolled his eyes, and John saw his frustration. Sherlock so rarely struggled with words. “You know…” He sighed and waved a hand instead.
They shift a little bit more, just a few inches here and there, getting everything lined up and balanced, until they finally find a comfortable fit and fall into a steady mutual rhythm. At some point John feels Sherlock’s hand drift from his hip to pump him along with this mouth, and John follows suit. They continue to tease with wrist twists and tongue flicks, each giving back what they feel from the other, and adding something to it.
He freezes, as always, and barely hears Daniel ask if everything is okay, barely notices as he pushes back against John, encouraging him.
Sherlock smiles and cuts him off with a kiss, strong and hungry, and this one also lasts a very long time, although it’s never long enough. They separate, still breathing each other in.
* * * * *
“God, John,” Sherlock shouts, but does not say the magic word.
And so Sherlock comes quietly but powerfully, his torso lifting off the carpet, his breath catching for a long moment, then exhaling with a shudder. His hands scrabble at his sides and John slides his arms forward to catch them in his own, grounding Sherlock through the aftermath, waiting until he feels every muscle beneath him relax before he lets go.
“Not tonight though.” They’re halfway to the bedroom and Sherlock drifts into the wall and leans there, resting his head, and John stops with him for a second. “You were definitely not in my bed tonight. I looked everywhere.”
you.”
“Yes, please,” Sherlock replies. “A rugburned back at my age is just ridiculous.” He winces as he sits up, casting a terribly fake glance of annoyance at John’s giggle as they use the floor and the furniture and each other to finally pull themselves to their feet.
After taking in the room, John realizes that he is also not quite done taking in the woman, who he sees now is more than beautiful; she’s really quite striking. He still feels off-balance by the fact that she is so casually friendly, like they’re all meeting at a dinner party.
He decides on one more test of Sherlock’s seemingly unending well of control. If it was up to him, he’d end this right now, but this is not about him. None of this is about him, and he pushes down the agitation that is gnawing around the edges of this whole situation.
* * * * *
An ID wallet that can’t be nicked.
“I did answer. Enjoying some privacy and solitude.”
entertaining. So I’ve decided there will be no tea until you tell me.” John leaned forward, his hands folded between his knees, and looked at Sherlock expectantly.
With a sigh and an eyeroll, but keeping his gaze on the ceiling, Sherlock lifted the book and held it out to John.
John almost called his office and told them he wouldn’t be in, but he couldn’t bring himself to admit to his generally younger colleagues that he didn’t recover just as quickly as they did. He managed to sleep through the rest of the night and get some toast and tea to stay down in the morning. Sherlock was either still in bed or gone, John didn’t know which and didn’t feel up to finding out. Instead he made his way to the clinic and laughed off the disaster of Saturday night, popping paracetamol whenever the urge struck him.
“But you didn’t just pass out on what must have been a very uncomfortable hardwood floor,” Lestrade said quietly, turning a corner more slowly than he usually did, not so much caring about what the turn might do to John but what John might do to his upholstery.
“Sherlock?” John immediately crawled up the bed, dropping to an elbow alongside Sherlock’s body, doctor mode kicking in almost involuntarily. “What is it? Are you okay?” He didn’t think he could possibly have been doing anything that hurt, but he ran his hand over Sherlock’s torso, soothing, concerned. “What’s wrong?”
He spins around. John is standing in the doorway. When did that happen? “What?”
After a minute, she steps back and watches him brace himself for the next hit, waiting, waiting, then slowly daring to relax, then brace again out of panic, then relax.
He trailed off, knowing how awful it sounded, and how little he was offering by way of an actual apology. Sherlock still hadn’t moved his eyes off the television.
Sherlock shakes his head slightly. “Not yet. It’s a little busy up here tonight.” He puts a palm to his forehead, then slides his hand back through his own hair and lifts his head to look at John. “I can play you back to sleep, though? That one lullaby that always works?”
John leans forward over his knees, his expression soft, concerned. “Come to bed?”
John realizes he has another question he wants to ask. A request, really. But unlike a moment ago, when he needed to see Sherlock’s face, he has the opposite instinct now. He wants to ask this question in the dark, to give Sherlock a measure of privacy to process it, so he can decide how he wants to answer without being influenced by what he might read in John's eyes.
He needs to confirm it. To open his eyes and see no one. Prove to himself that this sudden sensation is as psychosomatic as his limp. Wishful thinking made manifest on some cellular level.
“That’s right. We’ll be here about an hour. You should know that Sherlock has expressly agreed to anything that is about to happen. It might help to keep that in mind. He will be in pain, certainly…” - Irene’s voice reflects an unmistakable note of anticipation as she turns to look down at Sherlock’s kneeling form - “...but he won’t be injured, not in any way that couldn’t be resolved with paracetamol and some rest.”
“Very,” Sherlock answers, his voice low and strong, hitting the note that always sparks something deep in John’s belly. He pulls back to look John in the eye. “Are you?” he asks, his tone serious.
“Right. Yes. So. I was in the army, and I guess to put it very simply, maybe because I’ve seen pain… a
“Another assignment for Mycroft?”
Irene walks slowly to Sherlock’s back, coating the bulb with the lube in her hand. “Sherlock,” she says, in a calm but authoritative voice, “I need you to relax now. Please close your eyes and focus.”
John sighs, and smiles. He often found a certain sexiness to science when he was in school, but Sherlock took it to a whole new level. “Fine, but you’re dealing with the sheets afterward.”
Sherlock stills his movement for a second, having sensed the tension suddenly appearing in John’s muscles, but then continues, up, then down, then back up again. On the next slide down, he curls his hand under the hem of John’s shirt, and draws his nails along the bare skin, up and down once more over his spine.
And then she starts to giggle. And then properly laugh. And it’s possible she sounds like she’s murdering an owl, which makes John start to giggle, and then properly laugh, and Sherlock stares at them in determined annoyance except eventually his eyes crinkle and soon all three of them are doubled over, getting short of breath and wiping at their eyes, and as soon as it dies down for a second and they are close to some semblance of control, one or two or all look up at the flat and lose their minds all over again.
John sighed, and hung his head. “I honestly don’t know what to say…”
“Good luck, mate,” Lestrade said, quite seriously, then pulled the car into the street.
“Fuck, fuck,
“Are you having a wank?”
Sherlock immediately gasps and thrusts up into John’s mouth, but John moves up with him, and pulls off to allow himself a brief smile. “Easy,” he murmurs, bringing a hand up to hold the base as he licks up to the head, lapping at the pre-come he finds there before closing his mouth around the tip once more. He moves down, then up again, flicking the underside with his tongue, and moaning a little, just to cause the vibration.
“No,” John whispers.
John tucks his arms in again and settles his head into the pillow, squeezing his eyes shut. “It is when you act like a total fucking prat. Go away.”
we have our make-up sex.”
John,” actually runs into him, but John barely notices as Sherlock stumbles around him and is similarly shocked into silence.
“I… I realize that, now.”
“No we don’t, Mycroft keeps smuggling his over here. I should warn you, life skills translate. You’ll never beat me at Operation.”
“Hey,” John says quietly, moving now to sink into his chair.
He’s still awake when Sherlock comes in, and he closes his eyes in shameless avoidance. He listens as Sherlock gets undressed, washes up, turns out the light, and climbs quietly into bed, also curling on his side, also facing away from John.
There’s a haunting melody, a melancholic progression of notes, filling the space in his head, drawing him in. They’re coming from a violin. He’s moving through a house that’s his but isn’t his, searching out the source, certain he’s found it with every corner he turns, but it seems to drift out ahead of him, always the same distance away, always just in the next room.
“Why?”
Eventually Sherlock lets go and moves back, tucking his hand under his pillow, blinking at John again, exhaustion clearly looming behind his eyes. John lets his own hand linger on Sherlock’s neck, then moves to stroke his cheek. When he knows he can bear to let go, he pulls it back to his chest.
John sighs. “Sherlock…”
He was over Sherlock, moving in him, pounding a rhythm tight and controlled to keep himself just this side of losing his mind. John’s eyes were fixed on Sherlock’s face, still trying to read the signs, to learn what he wanted, what he needed, how to move to make
She lowers the crop slowly, but then at speed and full strength, whips six sharp lashes to the top of his arse, above the plug. His eyes scrunch tightly closed and he groans through them.
“I was thinking,” he says, and no, he still has to clear his throat. He looks up and sees Sherlock’s eyes blink open and eyebrows raise, gently encouraging.
, Sherlock. I’ve had just about enough. Do you want the gag?” John asks. He steps free of his jeans and crawls up the bed, straddling Sherlock once again. He drifts the back of his hand over Sherlock’s chest, dragging his nails, circling a nipple. “I believe I asked you a question,” he says quietly, as he suddenly pinches the hardened bud, and twists. Forcefully.
him, to take
John breathed in and continued. “I wish I could tell you that I knew why it happened, but I don’t, I honestly don’t. There’s absolutely no reason. All I can tell you is that I never intended to get that pissed or stay out all night and not tell you. It was a long day yesterday, I didn’t have time for lunch, so things got very fuzzy very quickly once the beer started flowing, and I knew I had left my phone at the office and I kept intending to go back and get it, but I just didn’t, and…”
Upstairs, John stripped to his pants and climbed properly into the bed, then clicked open the SMS function on his phone and texted Molly.
“A beverages experiment.”
So he leaves it for now and instead moves quietly down the stairs and hails a cab.
“God, you’re so ready, aren’t you? You’re gagging for it, and we just got started. You’re going to have a long night, I’m afraid.” He pulls on himself harder, faster, using his pre-ejaculate as lubrication along his shaft. He starts to thrust into his fist and reaches down to brace himself, grasping Sherlock’s calf with his free hand.
But then something very strange happens.
At this, Sherlock blinks back into the present and angles his head up. “What?”
Tonight is one of those nights, because John has had one of those days.
Sherlock stops breathing.
Not wanking.
John exhales and dares a glance, the minimal light in the room showing him only a mop of curls moving slowly up and down. John’s head thrashes back as his hips thrust up before he realizes he's done it. He feels the head of his cock bump against the back of Sherlock’s throat, and Sherlock gags for a second, but quickly recovers.
“Let’s go.” John’s voice is impatient, demanding. “You need to come, Sherlock. Quickly.”
“Sherlock, are you ready?” called a voice from downstairs, followed by footsteps ascending those stairs with peculiar alacrity.
except the second appeared before the first was polished off, and then the first startlingly blue drink appeared.
At some point, in the middle of the night, John drifts awake to discover Sherlock mouthing lightly at his chest.
“I’m just… gonna… sleep... then…” John stuttered, and started to move into the hallway.
Then she grabs the cord connecting the nipple clamps and in one swift, powerful motion, yanks them off.
breathing, and absent any other immediate medical distress, John’s first priority is freeing him from the grid.
Sherlock’s eyes are wet. They squeeze shut for a second, then slowly squint open. He blinks, opens them a little bit further, then closes them again and leans forward to rest the side of his head on John’s thigh. In slow, deliberate movements, he twists his body to tuck his hip and shoulder against the floor, then pulls his arms into his chest, and coughs, and works his jaw, and shudders.
John can’t help a chuckle. “I like what adrenaline does to your Broca’s area.”
Irene turns the dial back down and returns the wand to his stomach, letting it pass slowly back and forth, creeping lower over his hip and upper thigh. Sherlock holds his breath as she trails it down between his legs, then wails as she drifts it up over his balls and down the length of his cock, which continues to thicken.
“Here’s what’s going to happen,” John says, thrilling at the sight of Sherlock’s mouth, reddened from his assault. “You’re going to watch me.”
He stops breathing again.
of the trees,” Sherlock continues. “The skinny one, I think.”
“Is it.”
John knows what this means. This, he’s asked for before. No release.
“It’s possible,” Mrs. Hudson shrugs, though she does not sound convinced. “Who knows with those boys. But John…” She pauses, and it’s so very clear to him that she has something to say, but doesn’t know how.
Now John is legitimately taken aback. “A woman?”
Sherlock turns his palms up and raises his hands in a gesture of mock surrender. “Just try drawing the bow across some strings. We’ll see what happens.”
“Um, okay, sure,” he stammers, glancing down at Sherlock, who is sitting back on his heels with his arms at his sides, his head bowed. Aside from some deep, even breathing, the only movement he’s making is with his hands, making fists and shaking them out in turn.
“That’s it, love, God, you beautiful thing,” John breathed hotly into his ear. He was vaguely aware of Sherlock’s face collapsing into a wince, and his head turning away, in what John assumed were still the throes of orgasm, and he was only vaguely aware because moments later he slammed his own release into Sherlock’s body, groaning and gasping against his neck.
At that, Sherlock moves up to cover John’s mouth with his own. The kiss is passionate and eager, not punishing in the manner that John’s was earlier, but hot and needy and arousing. John’s hands roam down Sherlock’s back, smoothing over its length, reaching down over his arse, pressing their hips together.
“You were so…” Sherlock’s voice trailed for a long second, then he blinked, and regrouped. “... you know… blonde.”
Sherlock wakes from a fitful sleep at 3am, tosses and turns and proves the quadratic equation in his head and finally decides it’s as good a time as any to work on the etude he’s been composing. He shrugs his dressing gown on over his pyjamas and switches on the kettle as he shuffles through the kitchen.
She turns back to the table and picks up a pair of thick cuffs. They look almost like padded fingerless gloves, with a wide band encircling the wrist and a narrower one over the palm, designed to give the wearer something to grip. They each have a short length of chain attached to the back of the wrist, with a carabiner clip at the end.
The second week, he started to think again, to do more than go through the motions of existence. He answered the door to well-meaning neighbors with food and accepted their condolences graciously. He hugged Mrs. Hudson and told her she didn’t need to come back for now and promised to let her know if he needed anything. He slept only at night.
, all along.
“No, it was
John blinks in confusion. “Forward?”
“Find our way forward, John. I don’t want to go back. Back is a bit not good, wouldn’t you agree?”
That was that, then.
* * * * *
The fourth time is nine days later, and Sherlock is awake when John comes through the door.
He turns and looks down the hallway in the direction of the disappearing figure, the shadow, the illusion. He moves slowly in its direction, knowing he won’t catch up to it, assuming there is something to catch up to, but his heart thumps in his chest when he sees an exit door at the bottom of a metal staircase. He moves down the stairs, leaning heavily on the bannister, and shoves the door open.
, and so Sherlock, heeding Mycroft’s repeated lessons about boundaries (which consist of Mycroft saying “Boundaries, Sherlock,” in that sing-song tone of his), leaves it alone.
John’s head spun for a second. He had no idea how many partners Sherlock had had before - he supposed they’d talk about it one day, when they had moved through this first phase of having sex almost every minute they were awake - but it seemed impossible that not one of them had praised him. Unless they had, and then never tried again. Sherlock’s discomfort was not false modesty, it was clearly genuine anguish, and John could see how it might put off a casual lover, and he found himself getting angry at everyone Sherlock had ever met who made him feel less than what he was.
hot.)
“Are you sure?” Sherlock whispers.
John giggles. “Well,” he gasps, “I think that went much better without the whiskey.”
Kneeling between Sherlock’s legs, it didn’t take long for John to notice the flaw in his plan.
He is hit on twice more. He declines both times.
Sherlock groans quietly as he stops to spit into his hand, then resumes at his previous speed. Even in the dim light, John can see that his cock has gone dark red, almost purple, and is swollen beyond its usual fullness. Sherlock’s breathing is loud and stuttered, and beads of sweat have started to pop on his forehead.
John waves a hand dismissively. “Tosh. I’ve seen five-year-olds play them. Come on, let me try it.”
“About three blocks from your clinic,” Lestrade answered. John felt something hitting his knee, and cracked one eye open as little as he could, until he could see that Lestrade was smacking him with a bottle of water, and reached for it.
Sherlock groans as he tries to lower his arms. “Easy,” John says quietly. “Keep them up there a minute.” He turns him around and rubs the circulation back into his left bicep and tricep, then works the top of his shoulder and the muscles under his shoulder blade. He slowly lowers the arm, pausing for a moment when he hears Sherlock suck in a breath through his teeth, then continues, settling it at his side.
He knows why he feels the fear of Sherlock’s recklessness in his bones. That’s not a mystery. It’s because if Sherlock dies, John will too. It’s not a question, it’s a simple corollary certainty. John has already (barely) lived through Sherlock’s death once. And that was before they were
John sputters, and Sherlock is nonplussed.
That much he could tell from the expression on Lestrade’s face.
“We could?”
,” Sherlock yells, trying to pull his hands free. John’s grip is tight and unyielding. “Fucking get off me. I don’t want this.”
Sherlock sighs and starts to sit up again, and this time pushes his way through John’s half-hearted attempt to keep him in place. He finds John’s gaze and holds it for a second before he speaks.
“But this isn’t where you sleep,” Sherlock says.
and not blinking. Candy canes hang indecorously from its horns.
Sherlock’s arms tighten around John’s middle.
He knows a dare when he sees it.
John leans back to reach behind him toward the cupboard, where he is just able to tease at the corner of a blanket with two fingers until it drops from its shelf. He throws one end as best he can over Sherlock’s long legs, then smooths it up over his shoulder. He returns his hand to Sherlock’s head, combing through his hair, stroking down over his back, then up again, over and over.
John smiles against his ear and drops his voice to a whisper. “That’s it, love, just like that.” Sherlock’s head lolls forward as John gently strokes him through the aftermath, his mouth against Sherlock’s temple. “Beautiful, just beautiful.”
He understands now why the nipple clamps are sheathed in rubber.
The girl taps at an iPad mounted on a stand to her left. She looks at the screen and waits, then returns her gaze to her phone when the iPad provides whatever information she was waiting for. “Okay. You can go on down.”
They sip their tea a while.
“God, Sherlock,” and John can’t resist the urge to thrust into him, biting back the apology that almost escapes when Sherlock gags on him.
* * * * *
“I know. Like I said, counterintuitive. But it means I know how to give him what he’s looking for here, and I know how to approach the line without crossing it, which might reassure you a bit. If you find you need to leave, please do so quietly, and I’ll come and get you when we’re done. However, I think I should mention the other possibility.”
get on your knees for me, you fucking prat.”
Sherlock was folded in his chair, staring blankly at a black and white movie on the telly. John, carrying the empty glass, moved into the kitchen, refilled it, drained it again while standing at the sink, then filled it one more time before moving back into the sitting room and settling gingerly onto the couch. He sipped at the water and watched Sherlock, waiting for some reaction, then sighed when he accepted that they would very likely sit here all night and maybe forever if he waited for Sherlock to speak first.
“John, I…”
He freezes, afraid to turn, afraid to move a muscle for fear it will dissipate.
Sherlock rolls his eyes closed. “Okay, just relax. Move it around under your chin until it feels right.”
John turns and climbs the stairs.
“Come to bed?” John asks again, his voice low.
John hates it when he wants this.
He doesn’t want the distraction.
“He didn’t leave with an overnight bag. It was suitcases, John. Quite a few of them.”
“I didn’t know what the fuck I was doing, Sherlock. It goes against everything in my nature to cause you pain. I think there’s ample evidence, through the course of our history together, that my tolerance for you in any kind of distress or danger is quite ridiculously low. For me to be the one to cause it, it might take some getting used to.”
* * * * *
What he could also tell was that it was daylight outside, which was very bad, and he was still a little bit drunk, which was very, very bad.
wearing?”
“Mum, it’s fine… did you remind Kev? He always forgets to bring the crackers. No, I told you, I’m coming up on the 6 o’clock train. I’ll pick up the pudding on my way home from the train station. Yes, they’ll still be open, I called. Dammit…” She nearly trips on something as she’s digging out her keys, and looks down to find a small box wrapped in Christmas paper on her welcome mat.
“So there’s not going to be random people just walking around naked, right? On leashes or whatever? I’m not sure I could handle that.”
He stops as he enters the bedroom, and a slow grin spreads across his face. All the bedcovers and pillows have been pushed to the floor, leaving only the fitted sheet intact. Sherlock is lying on his stomach on his side of the bed, his arms outstretched at slight angles from his body, motionless and completely naked.
He rises to his feet and gently lifts the headphones from Sherlock’s head. Sherlock’s position has knocked a couple of inches from his height, so John is able to lean into his ear quite easily.
Then, intentionally but slowly, wary of offering any more sensation, John brushes his lips against Sherlock’s. A gentle, chaste apology.
Sherlock groans and shifts in a manner which makes John chuckle. “I haven’t started the timer yet, so you might want to stop urging me in that direction.” He continues mouthing at Sherlock’s abdomen, letting his tongue drag damp circles over his hipbone. Finally, he runs his hands up over long thighs, back and forth, then reaches to tap the start button.
She leads him over to the bench. Irene lays her riding crop down alongside the other objects from the armoire, and looks up at Sherlock.
“An experiment.” Sherlock seems momentarily surprised at the fact that he’s pronounced this correctly. “An experiment,” he says again, quietly but proudly, looking around the kitchen for kudos from anyone else he may find there.
to see Sherlock bleed, just a little bit. He thinks about what that means, and also what it doesn’t have to mean.
“Okay,” Sherlock mumbles into the mattress.
But Sherlock is already naked and kneeling in the center of the caged area, sitting back on his heels, hands in his lap. His head is bowed, his eyes are closed, his breathing is so slow and steady that it is almost silent.
She never tells.
He takes a step forward and slowly, almost haltingly, brings his hand to the center of Sherlock’s chest, right where he placed it before. He feels a heartbeat through fabric and skin and sternum, and closes his eyes.
He looks repentant. John knows he isn’t.
of us to death. Sherlock had no idea where you were. When he couldn’t reach you by midnight, he tried Stamford to see if you were out together, which you weren’t, given that Stamford is on holiday in Ibiza. At 3AM he actually called Mycroft. That’s how panicked he was. We’ve been looking for you ever since. For fuck’s sake, John, we thought you’d been taken again.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock’s head pops up in surprise, followed by a long, low groan.
John nods. “Sometimes...”
“You usually don’t wake up when I use the mute.” Sherlock leans over and brushes John’s mouth with a soft kiss of apology. “I’m sorry,” he whispers, kissing him again before dropping back into his own chair, resting the violin and bow across his lap, and stretching his legs forward.
* * * * *
* * * * *
John did, indeed, shut up. And that was the end of that. Or the beginning, really.
And so the lights became their code, their metaphor for the entire endeavour.
Irene follows him. She lifts each cuff chain to the grid, about two feet apart over his head. She moves to the wheel at the side of the cage and raises the ceiling until Sherlock’s arms are just short of fully extended, still a relatively comfortable position. She picks the riding crop back up and taps it into her palm.
* * * * *
Sherlock stopped mid-stride and glanced sideways at John, the corners of his mouth perking up despite his best efforts.
By forcing Sherlock to maintain eye contact with him, he has to maintain eye contact with Sherlock. This wasn’t terribly difficult, and John certainly knows he won’t have a problem reaching orgasm while focusing only on Sherlock’s eyes, but it means he can’t allow himself to even briefly close his own, or throw his head back, or any of the things that were more or less habit by now when it came to a wank.
His face falls, almost in annoyance, like he’s somehow been tricked.
“I’m really stubborn.” Sherlock’s eyes had started to spark, and his mouth may have perked up at a corner, just for a second.
“You’re welcome,” Irene replies, holding his gaze. She lifts her hand up to cup his cheek, just briefly, before moving past him, unlocking the door, and making a quiet exit.
The feeling of being watched intensifies. He can feel it surrounding him, a pressure on his skin, a suffocation.
He takes Sherlock into his mouth, gently at first, then increasing the pressure, feeling him harden again against his tongue. He is wary of going either too fast or too slow; they are done with games for tonight, done with domination and punishment, done with denying and delaying. He doesn’t want to draw it out; it doesn’t need to be mind-blowing, not now, not this time. He wants only to make Sherlock feel
“Then one night some yarn and needles showed up in a donation box on base in Afghanistan, and I started at it again. The guys gave me shit at first, but eventually got used to seeing me knit, and I even taught a couple of them to make scarves. It is very relaxing. You did get that deduction right.”
“I really do like you like this,” John says, his tone casual. He’s standing at the foot of the bed, pulling his own shirt off over his head and undoing his jeans. “You’re so helpless. It’s cute.”
Daniel is still bracing against the wall with one hand, working his own cock with the other, and irrational politeness makes John decide that he can at least make sure this poor sod gets off. He closes his eyes and steadies his pace until there are unmistakeable signs, then takes advantage of Daniel’s distracted recovery to resume his frenetic rhythm.
She returns to the bench and picks up another wand, this one with a cord attached to it. John watches her crouch down next to the armoire to plug it in, then shake the cord out as she stands, trailing it behind her. She moves a switch at the base of the wand, and John can now see a thin clear tube, about six inches long, bending at the tip, which is shaped in a small oval.
“Why on
John drinks the entirety of his beer standing at the kitchen counter. He drops the bottle into the recycling from a higher than necessary height, just to hear the pleasingly loud clang as it lands among the other glass in the bin.
saying something about “juniper berry
John doesn’t even try to hide his surprise at this. Irene laughs.
There’s a loud buzz, and Sherlock pushes the door open.
They stand like that for a moment or two, until John regains a measure of certainty that his voice will work if he tries to use it.
Sherlock wakes just after 7am to a text from Lestrade: a body with no head has been found in the back of an abandoned lorry in Islington. Brilliant. He has a quick wash, returns to his room to throw on the same shirt and trousers he wore yesterday because no one will notice, and he’s back down the hall and almost at the door when he is stopped in his tracks.
A few days later, Sherlock presented John with the option of leaving. A submissive is supposed to be given aftercare, and while John isn’t sure that they’re really at that level with all this, he does believe that forcing Sherlock to sleep alone after the lights are on is distressing to him.
She switches the vibrator on and rubs it lightly against his stomach, causing the muscles there to twitch, and again his hips thrust in reflex even as he tries to back away from the wand, at which point she directs a sharp snap of the crop over his nipple.
“John, think about your life right now. Think about what brings you comfort, pleasure, a sense of joy or safety or satisfaction. All the things you love and seek out. Your favorite pint, that ridiculous green squishy ravioli dish you always order at Angelo’s, the jumpers your grandmother knit for you, all the way up to the practice of medicine.” Sherlock pauses. “Think about everything like that. Is there anything on that list that you wouldn’t give up for me? Is there anything you do, anything you have, that you wouldn’t delete from your life if I told you, for whatever reason, that I needed you to?”
* * * * *
* * * * *
Sherlock exhales slow and controlled, squeezes his eyes shut for a moment, then stretches his neck and stares at the ceiling. “I fucking hate you right now,” he says quietly.
John follows her across the room to the cage. She unlocks the wheel and turns it, lowering the cage ceiling just until Sherlock’s feet can plant firmly on the floor again. Sherlock issues a slight moan which hints at gratitude, but he's still at the mercy of the involuntary convulsions of his body.
what you’ve been doing up here? All this time? Knitting?”
, then,” John replies, forgiving that Sherlock tried to dodge the question. He’d have done the same thing. “I just want to try to understand it a little. See if it’s… possible. For us.”
He can’t help but laugh as he pulls his phone from his pocket and sends a text.
“It could be incredibly valuable, we just have to wait another four months and eight days to open it and if the material inside hasn’t actually dissolved…”
He thinks about what Sherlock said before, about the pain and the denial and the escape it provides from the constant motion in his head, and now John can see it, really see it, and he is suddenly and unexpectedly overwhelmed with emotion.
* * * * *
When John is ready, he looks at Sherlock for a long moment, then walks over to stand directly in front of him.
“Fuck off,” Sherlock muttered down at him.
“I take it I’ve hit the spot, then,” John says, almost calmly. He pushes the button again, letting it go for a fractionally longer time. A whine escapes Sherlock’s throat. His cock bobs up to his hip, and starts to leak.
* * * * *
“My envelope?”
“He did, but I'd like to hear it from you.”
It is still mostly Sherlock who asks, or uses the light. John can, and has, but he doesn’t like to unless he’s relatively sure Sherlock would have asked for it anyway.
* * * * *
He takes a deep breath and concentrates on making his voice calm and sure.
“It was your name. She just... said your name, and I... I let go.”
Sherlock’s breath catches in his throat on every inhale, and he whines loudly throughout every exhale.
“Nope,” Sherlock says, with his customary emphasis on the plosive.
“Delicious!” he declares, then narrows his eyes at the bottles. “Which one was that?”
“Sherlock,” John says, his voice quiet, reassuring. “Tell me what you want. Nothing’s off the table, you know that. I’ll ask questions if I need to.”
Sherlock turns and walks slowly out of the room, pulling the door closed behind him with a soft, unsteady click.
But some days he gets more than his fair share of hypochondriacs and people who practice no self-care and people who have looked up their problem on the internet and argue with his diagnosis and an image of Sherlock (facedown on the floor wrists and ankles cuffed together) floats behind his eyes and he can almost feel the dopamine ricochet through his brain.
“No. Get out.”
“Sherlock.”
Even from across the room, John can see a line of fluid fall from Sherlock’s cock.
John sighed. “Sunday nights, for the next two months, is what this is.” He set the bag down at Sherlock’s feet and perched in his own chair.
When John is finished, he crawls up one more time to rub at Sherlock’s strained shoulders. “The lights are on, by the way.”
“Sherlock? Now.”
“Listen to me.” He pulls back and ducks his head to catch Sherlock’s line of vision, which is still looking past him, unfocused. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that. Just relax for a minute. You’re okay. It’s… it’s okay.” He soothes him until Sherlock’s eyes finally fall closed and his breathing is deep and even.
He slides down Sherlock’s body, grabbing the waistband of his shorts as he moves, and pulls them off as Sherlock kicks out of them. Sherlock hitches up onto his elbows to watch as John removes his own shirt and pants, then kneels back onto the edge of the bed and takes Sherlock into his mouth.
He disappeared into the bedroom, and John heard some rummaging, and soon he emerged, divested of his Christmas waistcoat, wearing his dressing gown, and carrying an old-fashioned photo album, thick with inserts. He collapsed dramatically onto the sofa next to John and dropped his legs one over the other on the coffee table, the album on his lap. He let his head fall back and stared at the ceiling for a long moment.
“It’s not enough.”
“What other possibility?”
“Hey. Are you okay there for a minute, while I clean us up?” John asks quietly between kisses, reaching up to brush the curls from Sherlock’s damp forehead. Sherlock nods, making an exhausted but affirmative noise behind his gag.
Sherlock pulls off, hollowing his cheeks and moaning like John is the most delicious thing he’s ever had in his mouth. He pumps him leisurely with his hand and mouth together a few times, then scoots forward a bit on his knees, lifting the angle of his head slightly. He reaches forward to grasp John’s hips. He slides about halfway down, inhales and exhales, then shoves quickly, with certain determination, lodging the head of John’s cock in his throat.
He closes his eyes, and steadies his breathing.
John moves down, tasting the salted skin of Sherlock’s pale neck, mouthing over a collarbone, dipping his tongue into the depressions of his throat. He’s beginning to kiss a path down Sherlock’s sternum when he feels a hand under his arm. Sherlock is just resting it there, but the meaning is clear.
“Honestly, Sherlock,” John says as he pulls himself to his feet, “if you ever tell anyone that you can make me fall asleep by playing a lullaby, I will throw that violin out the window.” Sherlock smiles, a soft chuckle. “You know, maybe I should try playing you to sleep instead.”
Sherlock freezes. Panic.
“And in two more words, just so you remember, what do you never, ever get from me?”
“He just knows, you know, everyone.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “People. Places I could go, people who were trained to… help. But John, I haven’t been since you came back, obviously. I won’t ever go again.”
Sherlock raises his head at the contact and takes a deep breath around the ball gag, leaning forward as much as he can. John feels like Sherlock is trying to sink into his hand, a physical sigh of relief, and has to blink away tears at the honesty of the reaction.
door.”
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock.” John leans in and Sherlock knows he isn’t capable of kissing a lie into John’s mouth, so he confesses his day’s activities without words, and looks uncomfortable when they separate.
He shifts up onto an elbow. “Will you come if I touch you right now? I’m going to clean you up a bit, but I can wait if you need to.”
After a while she just leaves the vibrator in place just above his erection and moves it with him as he bucks into it, relentless, for ten, twenty, thirty seconds. His grunts become desperate whines, and his breaths are shorter and shorter as he tries to keep fighting.
“I’ll pay it.” John says it unconsciously, hears the words in the air, takes a moment to process them, as if he wasn’t quite aware that they came from his own mouth. “We’re keeping the flat. I’ll pay the rent.” He knows he sounds ridiculous, and is grateful Mrs. Hudson doesn’t press him on exactly what he means by
Sherlock placed the vial in a tray on the table. “Thank you,” he said, more or less into the microscope.
mental picture out of your head.” They chuckle softly, breaking the tension a bit.
He collapsed back into the pillow, right on his face, and thought about the state of his affairs. He was as thirsty as he could ever remember being. He was both starving and simultaneously sickened by the idea of eating anything. His head felt like someone had cleaved an ax into his skull.
Irene quickly removes the gloves and washes her hands, then moves to the bench and picks up a ball gag.
John leans forward over his knees, his expression soft, concerned. “Come to bed?”
Sherlock just glares at him. John giggles. “Sorry, sorry. I’m good. Now what?”
* * * * *
The punishment is simple, but it is powerful.
“Before you can say ‘What’s this,’” John called from the landing, then entering the flat, “
mocking giggle, when the door behind him flew open.
Something in Sherlock’s tone was off, though. John stood there, drinking his beer, looking at Sherlock looking at the heart, and he knew this wasn’t about kitchen table experimentation.
“Well, your cock says differently. But I’m afraid your cock is going to have a very long night.” John shifts his knees out from under him and extends his body down the length of Sherlock’s, so he’s lying flat on top of him. He dips his tongue to Sherlock’s ear and sucks the lobe into his mouth, gnaws at it gently, then lets go. He grins as he feels Sherlock’s body shudder underneath him.
“I’m afraid I’m going to require your undivided attention,” John says.
Sherlock’s knees actually, literally buckle, just for a split second, but it’s long enough for John to see.
Also new: the mistletoe that’s hanging from the door frame, low enough to get caught in Sherlock’s hair. He bats it away and they both look up at it and then look at each other and then quickly look at anything but each other, and there is quite a lot of anything but to take in.
up there?”
They have conversations about using 221C as punishment, when, say, Sherlock behaves particularly poorly at a crime scene, but it doesn’t feel quite right to either of them. This isn’t about working through Sherlock’s stroppy moods. If it
“I’ve just told you,” Sherlock says carefully. “I only need this. I only
“Does this hurt?” he asks, relieved at the shake of Sherlock’s head, even among choked coughs, staggered breaths. John brings the arm down slowly, encouraging Sherlock to plant his palm on the floor. He massages up and down the arm, trying to bring the blood back into it, until he could feel Sherlock supporting his own weight.
John continues murmuring gentle reassurances and leaves his body pressed alongside, a steadying anchor as Sherlock comes down and settles into his head again. As always, he waits for Sherlock’s breathing to regulate, then counts at least a minute beyond that, before he brings them back to the present moment.
Their kiss is a mess for a second, neither one of them willing to yield. They finally slot their mouths together in a silent mutual concession, and Sherlock tries to take control, working his jaw as hard as he can, shoving his tongue in John’s mouth. John, however, has the advantage of position, and uses it to maneuver Sherlock’s head to whatever angle he wants. Sherlock’s hands come up to John’s arms and settle into the crooks of his elbows, trying to yank them free, but John only tightens his grip on Sherlock’s skull, and increases the pressure on his mouth.
But the kiss is hard and messy and nothing is being erased. He can't find Sherlock; all he can taste is the bitter tang of his own adrenaline. He pushes in, and pulls back, and pushes in again, over and over until his jaw starts to hurt. For Sherlock’s part, he meets every one of John’s demands, but makes none of his own. He doesn’t try to push away from the wall, and his arms stay at his sides.
He knows all the slamming is childish, and he doesn’t care, it feels
“Don’t move, just breathe. You can control this. I’m so proud of you.”
* * * * *
He lets Daniel type a number into his phone, and fakes his way through the brief, weirdly uncomfortable thanks-for-a-good-time kiss. John watches him disappear down the stairs, scrolls to the number, and swipes left, deleting it.
John pulls back suddenly, mouth open, breathing hotly. Daniel looks at him with hooded, hungry eyes. John spins him around and shoves up against his back.
John laughs. “Not all of them, no. Some of them. The one I wore that Christmas, before…” He trails off. “But this is the first one I’ve made since I moved back in. Or it will be, if you will ever leave me to finish it in peace.”
…” kiss… “bed?” He pulled away and looked up, his eyes dark with need.
” Sherlock yells when his cock slips free of John’s mouth and bobs heavy to his hip. His next few breaths are punctuated with loud, frustrated guttural noises as John silences the alarm.
. It isn’t something I need to do to survive the day, or be happy, or even to stay off drugs, really. And I won’t sacrifice… this. You. I will never ask you do to anything that makes you
At this, Sherlock’s mouth begins to crook into a smile.
“Christ, that feels good,” John whispers, as the ice moves up and down his forearm, then presses into the crook of his elbow.
“Is this…”, as he grinds his hips up into Daniel’s arse, “...okay?”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said too quickly, still staring at the ceiling, blinking rapidly.
John pulls Sherlock’s forehead down to press against his own. “Are you okay?” he whispers cautiously.
Inside are twelve tubes of her favorite brand of lipstick, packaged in a holiday gift box.
John continues, low and close. “I’m going to suck you off for one solid minute. And I want you to picture me jerking myself off at the same time, because that’s what I’ll be doing.” He bites at Sherlock’s earlobe, just hard enough to sting. “But you remember your rules, right? Don’t you dare come. And don’t think about something else, or I’ll know. You have to think about me, naked and kneeling in front of you, my mouth on your cock, my hand on mine.” Sherlock issues a moan of pure need, and nods in shaky agreement.
Because it’s the first time he
In the back of his mind somewhere, somewhere that has not gone sideways with
“Then I’ll sleep here too,” Sherlock says, as though it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
Sherlock stares up at him, instinctively hunching over the instrument as if protecting it. “Have you ever played the violin before?”
Sherlock stares at him, his eyes narrowed.
, quite understandably and quite probably forever.
“God, Sherlock, you absolute fucking idiot. What I wanted is you. It’s you
* * * * *
A short session, though. Maybe a little bit different, tonight.
The probability is now a certainty.
* * * * *
When John steps through, he sees that Sherlock’s assessment was more or less accurate; the room looks like the waiting room of a doctor’s office. There are several chairs and sofas scattered around, end tables with magazines, and unobtrusive modern art decorating the walls.
Sherlock’s grip is light as he shifts toward John. He breathes deeply, and lets his eyes fall closed, and, somewhat unexpectedly, settles his forehead against John’s mouth.
Except John uses the loo, and then leaves the flat.
“We tried, that one time. It didn’t go well.”
“So I’ve gathered,” John says quietly, turning his head to meet Sherlock’s mouth for a proper kiss. “Yes, I’ll come work on it downstairs.” They share another kiss, then a third, before Sherlock gets up and heads for the door.
“Sherlock? Why, Sherlock’s gone.”
know that, that he was doing it just to annoy John, and that he was satisfied that it had worked. Sherlock dropped smugly into his chair and looked at John expectantly.
John laves at Sherlock’s cock as Sherlock catches his breath, but in short order he goes back to work on John with renewed intensity. John is close, so close, and all he has to do is look down and see his cock disappearing into Sherlock’s long, pale, obscenely gorgeous throat, and he cries out, and comes, feeling Sherlock swallow him down, like he had done just seconds before.
John sighs as Sherlock’s mouth closes over the chilled nipple. “That doesn’t sound like much fun.”
John sighs and sits back. “All right, then. Get me off.” He sinks a little into the chair, sliding his hips forward. “And take your time about it.”
* * * * *
him down, thrusting hard into the back of his throat, and holding him there, just for a split second.
“It is... still...”
John watches Irene start to work on Sherlock with a cat o’ nine tails and tries to ignore the fact that he is, actually, getting hard. He’s not made of stone, and looking at Sherlock naked and aroused is going to arouse him, no matter what the circumstance.
Sherlock jumps back and quickly inhales.
Sherlock blew out a breath and returned his gaze to the ceiling. “It’s not a big deal. I’m just… I’m not used to… some of the things you say.”
“Oh, yes.”
, John. You see,” he says, clearing his throat and getting down to business, “there are brown liquids in clear bottles and clear liquids in brown bottles, but there are
“God, yes, Sherlock…” The words tumble out without conscious thought. He can feel Sherlock grin against his hip as a fist closes around the base of his cock and pumps once, twice. Then Sherlock’s mouth closes around the head and follows his hand down the shaft.
“I do, too. Find it… difficult.” Sherlock took another deep breath. “So I thought… a visual aid.” They both stared down at the heart, nestled in its dry ice, nowhere near a healthy red. It was brown and inviable, clinical, utterly lifeless.
John decides he will worry about how he will ever look Mrs. Hudson in the eye again later.
John waved a hand. “Just… experiment, or whatever, see what you can find out.”
“What?”
Sherlock throws his head back, his grunts devolving into whines as his fist moves with urgent intensity around his cock. John tightens his grip around Sherlock’s middle and runs his tongue along the shell of his ear, sucking it into his mouth, biting at the flesh until at last he feels Sherlock go still for a brief second and then shudder underneath him. Sherlock comes with a breathless shout, spilling into his own hand, his muscles spasming around John, still buried deep inside.
to help.”
“Yes,” Sherlock whispers. John looks down and sees Sherlock’s cock twitch in response, and feels a strange sense of satisfaction. He withdraws his hand and moves back down below Sherlock’s knees. He pours lube over the toy and pushes it slowly into position.
“Maybe… maybe we could find a use for it,” John finishes, looking at Sherlock’s hand, covering his hand, covering Sherlock’s heart.
Moving to stand facing his side, she turns the dial up and presses it hard to the small of his back. He shouts behind the gag and arches forward, and she meets him with another jolt to his stomach, and he jerks back. Then his legs give out completely for a second as he shudders, and moans, and hangs, for a long moment, until he finds the floor again, rather unsteadily. Once again, he has started to leak.
“You, you absolute git.” Sherlock goes back to his magazine until John walks around the table and pulls it from his hands, staring down at him. “You went around and gave everyone presents. A nick-proof ID wallet for Lestrade, lipstick for Molly, an Action Man for Mycroft, and a son, apparently, for Mrs. Hudson. They were all you.”
“So, I wanted to show you what my heart would look like if something happened to you.”
, that’s his business. John is still spitting with anger and he’s going to act like
He blinks and scrubs a hand through his hair to dissipate the last fuzzy sensations of the dream. Sherlock is, in fact, playing the violin in the sitting room, but he’s using his practice mute, a metal device that fits over the bridge and dampens the volume. He always uses it when he plays in the middle of the night, like he is now.
He traces up John’s legs and slowly smooths his palms over the tops of John’s thighs, as though he is feeling them for the first time. He leans forward and presses his mouth to a hipbone, running his tongue over the skin, tasting it, while the fingertips of his right hand skate over John’s cock, twitching to life under his touch.
She moves the vibrator and wand together back to the center of his sternum, then down, so slowly, over his stomach and into his lower abdomen, settling just above his straining erection, then back up to his sternum, then back and forth from one nipple to the other, over and over again, a regular, predictable pattern.
His chest caves and expands, trying to assuage the heat of the violent release of the clamps. His yells become stuttering groans, and then outright sobs. His hips continue to buck through the immediate aftermath of his orgasm. He works to lift up from his hands, to bend his elbows and relieve the pressure on his shoulders, but the strength isn’t there to hold up his body for more than a second.
“Fuck,” Sherlock says again, almost a whisper.
John opens his eyes and the corner of his mouth crooks into a smile. “Let’s do this.”
“It seems to be doing things to other areas, too.”
“Sherlock, I promise, you have been witness to every orgasm I’ve had since I moved back in, except for a couple in the shower while you were in Dorset.”
“Are you all right?” John asks, barely holding back a chuckle.
Sherlock rocks back on his heels and stands in one fluid motion, keeping his eyes down as Irene walks around him once more. She smacks his arse with the crop in a way that is surprisingly but irrefutably affectionate.
Eventually Sherlock seems to become aware that he can’t solve all his problems at once, and decides to make balance his priority. His sobs are temporarily replaced with grunts of determination as he works to grip the floor with his toes and figure out how to adjust the gravity of his body in a way that will give him some control over the twist of the socket, but his efforts are undermined at irregular intervals by reflexive thrusts of his hips in the final throes of his orgasm. He fights to steady his breathing, the only thing he can truly control at the moment.
* * * * *
“Well?” John said. “Come on, hand it over.”
Sherlock grunts his assent even as he tries so shove down against John’s hand.
Irene tuts, then turns to walk to the sink. “Honestly, Sherlock. What was that, five minutes?” He rolls his eyes behind her back before wincing again as he rotates his hips, adjusting to the pressure from the plug.
Two weeks after Daniel, John’s back at the club, back on the bourbon, back to politely declining offers, when the sensation he dreads and craves in equal measure settles at the back of his neck.
Whether this is from the pain of the higher voltage or the fact that his cock is already stirring again, John can’t tell.
* * * * *
John repositions the violin under his chin, adjusts his grip on the bow, arranges the fingertips of his left hand over the strings, and plays the first three notes of Brahms’ Lullaby.
Once, she asked him, a bit hesitantly, if Sherlock could come by, and he slowly diverted his gaze from the wall to look at her. She recoiled at his expression, and never asked again.
“What about it?”
,” Sherlock grunts, startled from his brief respite. His eyes open wide but he manages to keep them trained on the ceiling as Irene slowly circles his nipple. He moans against the sensation, and his eyes fall closed again.
Sherlock, who can’t actually stop breathing this time because he’s breathless already, steps back to look at him, and furrows his brow.
“Sherlock…”
Inside is a fairly nondescript black leather ID wallet. But the instructions included with it tells him that there is an app he can download which will sound an alarm if the wallet is ever more than five meters out of the range of his phone.
John towels off, rubs his hair as dry as he can be bothered to, slips into boxers and an old t-shirt and climbs into bed. He tries to read for a while, but can’t focus on the words on the page. (Thankfully, it’s a hardback, so when he gives up he can both slam it closed and slam it onto the bedside table.) He turns the light out and settles on his side, facing the outside of the bed.
“Hey, it’s okay. Sherlock. We’ll be okay. But we should talk about it.” He runs a palm over Sherlock’s long, smooth back, willing him to relax, to breathe again. He waits until he feels some of the tension ease before he continues, careful to keep his tone matter-of-fact.
No, like,
The quick, purposeful motion brings Sherlock back to his elbows and John looks up. His eyes are shooting daggers, and he adjusts his pace from too fast to achingly, maddeningly slow. He doesn’t break eye contact as he pulls off and makes one long, wet,
John falls forward, supporting his body on one arm, and spills himself all over Sherlock’s cock and stomach. With a half-grunt half-whine, Sherlock involuntarily thrusts his hips upward, meeting the warmth now spreading over his midsection. He is staring at John’s face so hard his eyes are practically bugging out of his head.
“No, John. You will see no naked people. Well, you’ll see me, but presumably that is acceptable.”
He goes home for a week. Sherlock doesn’t come back.
Every Saturday, Mrs. Hudson has lunch in Piccadilly Circus and then goes to the Westminster Community and Leisure Centre to play bridge. On this particular Saturday, a bitterly cold Christmas Eve, she walks home with her scarf-wrapped head bowed down against the chill, so she doesn’t notice the figure standing by the front door until she flat out plows into him.
* * * * *
“Oh, boys! You startled me. I swear, I just closed my eyes for a second…”
John slams his mouth down into Sherlock’s, forcing Sherlock’s jaw open and shoving his tongue as far inside as he can. His hands reach up and grip Sherlock’s head, holding it in place as he uses his lips and teeth and tongue to all but devour Sherlock from the inside out.
Sherlock turned and stared at John. “Are you… You
John came back because he realized that Sherlock was all he wanted in the world, and he was willing to sit in their living room a thousand nights in a row to prove it.
John sits back. “Get yourself off now. Push your pants down just enough for me to see you. And you don’t get to take your time. Make it quick.”
It was probably for the best in the short term; he wouldn’t want to sleep next to him either right now. He turned and trudged up one more flight of stairs, stopped in the toilet to drain the remainder of last night’s mistakes and splash water on his face, then fell facedown on the bed, and slept.
Sherlock approaches the only person in the room, a bored-looking girl sitting at what John assumes is meant to be a front desk. She looks about twenty and can barely be bothered to glance up from her phone when they approach.
“I want... to fight you,” Sherlock says, looking down now. “I want to fight you, and lose.”
He’s sitting at the table in his pajamas and dressing gown. Well, not sitting, exactly, but resting his head on one arm that is outstretched along the table’s length, watching the liquid in the remaining glass swirl around as he stirs it with a swizzle stick. When he realizes John is standing there, he sits up with a start and nearly falls out of the chair.
The first time was early, still, just six days after they had finally stopped being idiots, although they were even idiotic in the way they went about it, during the umpteenth argument about Sherlock being an idiot and needlessly risking his life during a criminal investigation. John had harangued him the entire taxi ride home and through the front door and up the stairs until Sherlock whirled around, grabbed the back of John’s neck with both hands, and slammed their mouths together.
Irene stands, and John does too, a chivalrous instinct that seems ridiculous now he’s done it. She looks at him expectantly. “Do you have any other questions before we begin?”
It isn’t.
“Well, I’ll leave you to forage for your supper,” Mrs. Hudson sighs, pushing herself to her feet using the knees she finds on either side of her. “I’ll be back in the morning to clear all of this away.”
“Fine. We’ll attract all the feral cats in the neighborhood, shall we? Stand up straight,” Sherlock says exasperatedly, pushing John’s shoulders back a little. He moves around behind John’s right shoulder and holds the bow out in front of him. “Thumb here, four fingers on the other side.” John takes it from him and tries to mimic the position. “Here… just…” Sherlock mutters, repositioning a couple of fingers, and sighing in despair.
He knew about safewords already, but one word to end everything didn’t feel like enough. He learned that some people used traffic lights; green, yellow, red. A status check that can be asked and answered without interrupting the flow.
Sherlock slowly pushes himself to a sitting position, then slides off the chair onto his knees. He shuffles forward to close the short distance, and waits.
“No, we’re not going to a dungeon. We’re going to a very respectable-looking house in Maida Vale, owned by a company with several respectable-looking houses scattered around the city. There will be rooms in the basement level, and we will be making use of one of them, but the upstairs lobby looks more or less like any other boring office waiting room.”
“Fine. I’m sure you’ll have a delightful week.”
When he’s finished, John sets the saucer back on the tray and rubs his hands over his eyes again. “Do you mind if I stay? Just… another couple of hours.”
Sherlock heaves an audible sigh and stomps down the stairs. He flounces into his chair, drawing his knees to his chest and wrapping his arms around them, sulking with every fiber of his being.
“Maybe you didn’t hear me. I said get on your knees.”
“It helps,” John says simply.
it.” John reaches in and grabs something at random, a vaguely spherical lump, frozen solid and covered in what looks to be several torn pieces of aluminum foil. “I’m throwing this out.”
“Sherlock? Is that you?” John thinks he’s speaking at a normal volume, but his voice is only a whisper. “Sherlock?” he tries again, but it’s still a whisper, and the notes are starting to sound strange now, and there’s a staircase in front of him that wasn’t there a second ago, and somewhere in the back of his head he begins to realize he’s dreaming.
“Merry Christmas, Mum,” Oliver replies, wrapping her in a tight hug.
“He did,” she nods.
When Sherlock returns to the open waistband, biting as deep into the fabric as he can, and begins to try tugging it down, John realizes that they’d be here all night if he actually made Sherlock do this. Instead, he gently pushes Sherlock’s head back for a moment, and shoves the denim down to just above his knees.
He was going to suggest going to the movies as a way of escaping the heat, but that requires putting on clothes and moving around outside. Sherlock’s idea seems like the only reasonable alternative, really. He walks back into the bedroom and around to his side of the bed, drops the towel to the floor, and lays down on his back, stretching out his arms and legs in a mirror of Sherlock’s position, and tries to sleep.
“All right,” John finally says. “The lights are off. Go to your room, get everything ready, and wait for me.”
Irene lets him rebalance, then returns the wand to its target, holding it close enough to spark again. Sherlock shudders, groaning slightly on every exhale, but he’s expecting it now, and doesn’t try to move away.
“That is
this is
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says, his voice still a whisper.
She smiles at him warmly even as she reaches for the eye mask on the table. His eyes still follow hers and he doesn't visibly react; it's almost as if it hasn't yet registered that he broke another rule. “You looked,” she almost croons, slipping the mask over his head and tightening it over his eye sockets. “That’s two.”
Sherlock moves back until his feet find the floor and he pushes himself up from the bed. He stands there as John shifts down and punches the pillow before settling his head into it, facing away from the door.
John steps out of his jeans and pants and noisily kicks them toward his shirt. Then he leans forward, his hands gripping the grid wall, careful to not let any part of his body touch Sherlock’s, except his mouth, back against his ear.
* * * * *
It was all over in a second, but in that second Sherlock’s brow furrowed, and his limbs twitched the tiniest bit in their post-fucking languidness, and his head made a motion to burrow into the pillow but didn’t actually. Of all this John registered only the twitching but assigned it no significance, and his eyes closed as he continued breathing in the skin of Sherlock’s abdomen.
There’s a blindfold. There are also wireless headphones covering Sherlock’s ears, through which he is receiving a constant low blur of white noise. A six-inch-long metal bar is set across his mouth like a bit,  the leather strap secured behind his head.
Irene lets it vibrate against the plug for another five or six seconds, then switches it off. When she stands in front of him again, Sherlock’s eyes are pleading, and they find hers in breathless, unthinking desperation.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked back down at the photo, then stilled. He touched one face in particular with a fingertip and made a quick inhale. “John…”
“John.” Sherlock’s reply is more or less automatic. He couldn’t be bothered to look up from the microscope, at this particular moment, unless one of four circumstances exists: he is asked a question, he is given new information, John is naked, or John is in imminent danger. The statement of his name doesn’t qualify under the former two, and his peripheral vision confirms that the latter two aren’t the case either.
“Sherlock,” he breathes, his tone a bit of a warning.
“Three months,” Sherlock countered.
A few moments later, John starts by gently removing the blindfold, then the gag. While Sherlock blinks back into awareness and works his jaw, John unhooks the the ankle cuffs next, then the wrists. He stays in front of Sherlock, dropping a few gentle kisses along his collarbone as Sherlock gently lowers his arms, rotating them to move some blood back into his shoulders.
He slowly unwraps the present. It’s a stunning cabled sweater, richly patterned in a muted blue wool John is sure was meant to bring out his eyes. He can tell by the feel that it’s handknit, and the label sewn in at the collar tells him it is actually from the Aran Islands. It must have cost a fortune, and John’s blue eyes swim for a minute as he pulls off his oxford and slips the sweater over his head.
“Of course!” Sherlock is studying the ingredients label intently and therefore replies like he isn’t actually listening.
John’s face cracked into a wide smile. “You bastard.” He lifted Sherlock’s hand from his chest, kissed its palm, and pulled him toward the bedroom.
He moves to John’s left side and settles the padded shoulder rest across his collarbone, then lifts John’s left hand to the violin’s neck. “No, like this,” he tuts, turning John’s wrist and moving it under the fingerboard so he’s holding it correctly. He stands back and regards John, who looks like he’s afraid to move.
Five minutes later, the shot glass is empty again. He’s surrounded by pounding beats of the music, flashing lights and bodies all moving independently but together, like multiple arms of one organism, and without warning, he feels something, as real as a punch in the solar plexus.
“Yes. I’m knitting a jumper for you, for Christmas.” John sets down his calamitous-looking phalanx of needles and reaches for a larger, neatly folded pile of fabric, the same blue, the same cables. He shakes it open and it’s the front and back of a sweater, with a V in the neck on one side, and loose ends around the holes where sleeves will eventually go.
Sherlock has at least figured out that whatever is happening with all the needles means that John can keep knitting the tube around and around, instead of back and forth. The needle in his left hand is suddenly free, and John pops it in his mouth for a second as he lines up the stitches on the next needle over, then takes the empty needle in his right hand and starts again.
John’s eyes narrow and his mouth curls up just a bit, just for a fraction of a second.
“We need to go in person, John, see things, pick them up, feel them, check the fit.”
Sherlock does as he is told, slowly walking himself backwards as John shucks his jeans off the rest of the way, along with his pants, and pulls his t-shirt off over his head. He moves around Sherlock and uses the restraints he had placed earlier to cuff one ankle to the bottom of the grid, then the other.
Sherlock laughs too. “Agreed.”
John just stared.
“I understand.” John has to stop himself from imagining what kinds of scenarios would actually cause him to leave. He really, really doesn’t want it to come to that.
“Can I have my magazine back, please?” Sherlock holds out his hand and adopts his most petulant look.
All this goes as it has gone on hundreds of previous evenings, only this time, when he reaches the cart, there is an unfamiliar object gracing it.
“There are things we can do,” Sherlock says, drawing the ice cube over John’s shoulder, across his neck, and down to a nipple, “that involve minimal skin-to-skin contact. Heat generation, perhaps, but no transfer.”
“Oh, fuck,” Sherlock says.
He doesn’t move until he hears John’s steady, quiet voice.
Sherlock nods, his eyes already locked on John’s.
“This is…” John shook his head and grinned widely at each passing photograph. “This is the greatest thing I have ever seen.” He continued turning pages, year after year, the photos long since ceasing to show children, until he finally realizing exactly what had happened today. He looked up at Sherlock, aghast. “You’re kidding me. You’ve kept doing it? All this time?”
you didn’t notice the chauffeur’s shoes. How else do you think I knew about the citrus allergy? From the dead purple cyclamen? Ridiculous. Not to mention the victim’s elbow prosthesis...”
* * * * *
. He doesn’t exactly
It’s the first weekend in August, and London is having the worst heatwave that anyone currently alive can remember. The air is stagnant, wet and heavy, and any breeze that picks up feels like it is emanating from some kind of giant invisible blow dryer. Everyone in the city with any money, time, and good sense has decamped to whatever bit of seaside could still accommodate them, which makes for a somewhat less hectic Saturday morning shift than usual at the clinic.
Sherlock sits back on his heels. “Not for the night.”
The second time was two days later, a bit more in the heat of the moment. And it wasn’t that John didn’t notice it. He just thought it was something else.
“Okay, then. Let’s go home.”
“Well, I mean generally, but yes, I suppose, specifically… when you tell me...” His voice trailed off as he took a deep breath, still looking anywhere but at John.
“Fine, this one then,” John interrupts, handing Sherlock a small box with a keyhole in the front of it. “And what the hell needs to be
They lay together, Sherlock’s head on John’s chest, every limb hooked around another, pressing themselves into each other, never getting close enough, and John knows there will never be a good time to talk about this, so he thinks
like slow motion in his head, but in reality, John snaps into action the instant he sees the silk.
“Because… you’re… I don’t know... gay?” John can’t tell if Sherlock is taking the piss, or if this is just one of the million things he doesn’t understand about what he now refers to in his head as All This.
At least, Sherlock is pretty sure he’s knitting. There seem to be more needles than necessary in John’s hands, and there are points at both ends of all the needles, and it all looks very askew, but trailing from it is a tube of dark blue knitted fabric with a clearly defined cable pattern travelling along its length.
“By banging on the door of the clinic secretary at five o’clock in the morning, making her come down and open the clinic, rifling through personnel records and staffing schedules, and calling every person you worked with last night. Whoever didn’t answer, we banged on
Sherlock’s hands fly suddenly to John’s head, pulling him in to a chaste, then affectionate, then passionate kiss. John leans into Sherlock’s embrace, lifting his hands, still holding the bow and violin, to press against Sherlock’s back. After a long moment, Sherlock ends the kiss and presses their foreheads together. They breathe in silence for a second.
So he will not act on his anger. Not here, in this room, in this moment, in their metaphorical darkness. He’ll never do that. Here, now, he will play the part he agreed to play for this man he loves beyond measure.
* * * * *
“How…” Sherlock starts, and his voice catches. “I mean… when…?”
John is still catching his breath, looking back at Sherlock with an unreadable expression. Sherlock blinks slowly a couple of times, then tentatively lifts a hand to the back of John’s neck. John doesn’t react.
“I thought this shade of blue would do amazing things to your eyes.” John’s own eyes crinkle. “I was right.”
John worries for a minute about where to begin. Sherlock is clearly no longer in a heightened state, but he still hasn’t settled completely, and John doesn’t want to startle him if he can help it. He stands about three feet away, wondering if Sherlock is back from wherever he goes, if he can sense John’s presence somehow.
He doesn’t last another full minute before the words are tumbling out mindlessly. “Sherlock… yes… just like that… God, yes, I’m...” At the exact right moment, Sherlock slams him into the back of his throat and John explodes, feeling Sherlock swallow repeatedly through his orgasm, then sliding along the shaft with less and less pressure, mouthing at him until John swears once more and roughly shoves him back.
“And the… what?” John forgets about the polar bears and stares at his flatmate, his eyes narrowing.
John slaps him on the back as he coughs through it, then sits down at the table. “So, what was your hypothesis?” he asks, just to see if he can get Sherlock to attempt the word.
It takes a month.
John feels every muscle in Sherlock’s body seize still in an instant.
It probably doesn’t register the first time because there are so many firsts happening these days, there’s no reason John should recognize it for what it is.
John is not surprised.
“He gave me enough rent for three months, and said if he wasn’t back by then...”
Sherlock breaks the kiss and holds himself up, looking down at John for a long moment as they pause to catch their breath.
Not that Sherlock had used it yet anyway.
John opens his eyes to find Sherlock pulled up, looking at the phone, his brows knotted with instant curiosity.
“Then I won’t ask.”
They stay like that, just existing together, as they do, for a long moment.
John orders another shot and sips at it this time.
Sherlock watches intently as John leans forward and slides a hand down Sherlock’s right arm, encircling his wrist almost delicately, then slowly pulls it forward. Sherlock follows him, straightening up on his knees. Bringing Sherlock’s palm to his mouth, John licks it, loose and messy, once, then twice, as Sherlock sucks in an audible breath through his teeth.
“What’s this?”
He falls forward, his orgasm ripping through his body, bundled with the adrenaline and fear and anger that had coursed through him for the better part of the day. The hand that was on Sherlock’s head now wraps around his torso, the hand from his hip moves to cover Sherlock’s on the headboard. John gives in to two or three more deep thrusts as he spills himself into Sherlock, shuddering and mouthing at his shoulder, moaning into Sherlock’s sweat-soaked skin.
“Nine days,” Sherlock corrected.
“Whatever! Grab a spoon, would you? There might be leftovers.”
“Where have you been staying?” John asks. It’s a ridiculous question but he’s suddenly curious.
Finally John relents, easing back the pressure and softening the kiss. Sherlock’s head lifts off the pillow when John pulls up, trying to maintain contact as long as he can. John lowers his mouth again, as if to offer another kiss, but pulls away just as Sherlock’s lips rise to meet his. He teases a second time, after which Sherlock lets his head fall to the pillow with a knot in his brow and a quietly voiced grunt.
“Okay,” Sherlock whispers, then finds his voice. “Once. We’ll go once, and you can see.”
He keeps his eyes closed as he turns in place, a hundred and eighty degrees, and the sensation moves around his body, from the back of his neck to the center of his chest.
Sherlock’s hand rested gently on the back of John’s head. “Thank you,” he said, his voice barely a whisper.
But tonight, yes, tonight it feels good to do just that. It feels so fucking
He doesn’t have to look to know it’s a small piece of red silk.
John repositions the violin under his chin, adjusts his grip on the bow, arranges the fingertips of his left hand carefully over the strings, and plays the first three notes of Brahms’ Lullaby.
Sherlock moves to a particular spot under the center front part of the cage ceiling, and turns to face the room.
While Sherlock rings the bell and looks up at a camera in the corner of the portico, John glances back at the street. He knows it is impossible that anyone blithely walking would know why they are there, but still not totally certain that they don’t.
It’s a 1970’s-era Action Man, still in its original packaging.
Sherlock sinks into his chair and stares at John’s motionless figure while he waits for the kettle to boil. The fact that he’s seen John several times in between these erratic visits, and John knows that Sherlock knows he’s been there, and John hasn’t tried to cover it up with a
He feels a surge of adrenaline when he goes into the bedroom and sees the light on.
one…” he points dramatically, “…is
“Are you okay?”
Sherlock’s back instantly arcs rigid as he yells behind the ball gag, long and loud at first, then stuttering as he inhales just enough to keep yelling. At the same time, his hips snap forward in an erratic rhythm as he comes, and comes, and comes, fluid pulsing from his cock with every thrust.
Sherlock’s eyes are still squeezed shut, and there are tears running down his face, turned and buried in the pillow. He fights to get through the next second, then the next, without letting go.
Sherlock moves into him eagerly, backing him up, and John is fine with it all, right until his head bumps against something in the freezer that he fears may just be one of the legitimate body parts still in there, and finds this spoils the mood somewhat. He pushes back against his beloved detective.
“You look fucking amazing, all spread out like that. I got hard for you in about two seconds,” John says into Sherlock’s eyes. “I can’t tell you how much I wish I could undo your ankles, put your knees over my shoulders, and fuck you into the middle of next week.”
“It’s ‘Ase’s Death,’ from Peer Gynt.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock had said breathlessly between kisses. “God, would you just shut...
“You’re not going to ask me why I’m here? Why I’ve… been here?”
“The first time was a couple of years before I met you. It was right after the last time Mycroft… well, the last time he had to... intervene. He threatened to tell our parents… that’s his big gun, the one threat that always works… and told me I needed to figure out another way. He made a couple of suggestions.”
Sherlock reaches his hands out and feels his way up, resting them at John’s hips. He shuffles forward a bit on his knees and presses his mouth to John’s belly, lowering it by feel to the button of his jeans. He sets his teeth on the corner of fabric above the button and pulls up and back, trying to stretch the buttonhole wide enough. It takes several tries, but when the button finally pops free, he shuffles closer again, angling his head to find the zipper pull, which he lowers over the course of several sharp, awkward jerks.
in the
Sherlock stays silent, and John feels like he doesn’t want to breathe, doesn’t want to move into the next moment and find everything changed. He genuinely doesn’t know if he has crossed a line he can’t uncross, breached a trust he couldn’t get back. They had worked so hard to get where they were, to the point where he enjoyed their time down here just as much as Sherlock did, and he wasn’t sure how he would deal with having fucked it all up.
Irene stands in front of the open armoire, perusing its contents with a critical eye. The inside of it is hidden from John by the angle of the doors, and the light is too low for him to see anything anyway, but he watches as she removes a few things and sets them carefully on the leather bench. She opens a drawer in the bottom half of the armoire, removes a few more objects, then one last thing from the drawer below. She lays everything out on the bench, arranging each item carefully. John can see some oblong shapes and the dull blackness of leather, but little else.
When John is done, he lowers his hands to shove at Sherlock’s chest one more time, and steps back. He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. Sherlock is catching his breath with his head down, his eyes fixed on the ground.
John continues like he didn’t hear him. “...you should go back. Whenever you need to. I would understand.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes closed. “Okay, just relax. Move it around under your chin until it feels right.”
"Now then, Sherlock Holmes." Irene looks at him almost like a painter regarding a canvas. “What are we going to do to take you out of that pretty little head of yours?”
“Yes, it is.” Sherlock’s fingers form silent notes across the strings of the instrument, his head leaning back in the chair, his eyes on the ceiling.
John chewed the last of his toast and glanced up from his paper just as Mycroft appeared on the landing. His cashmere overcoat was unbuttoned, revealing a very dapper dark brown suit and… wait… was that…
John let his paper fall to the table. “What the… Sherlock, what are
John is always brimming with questions in the backs of vehicles, and today is no exception. This time, however, they are in back of neither a London cab nor one of Mycroft’s black cars, but a proper limousine, which is apparently part of the service this rainy afternoon.
Even right now, he’s fucking into Sherlock because Sherlock more or less demanded it.
“What?” John says.
She smiles kindly. “There’s no trick to this part. Wait for him to come down a little more. You’ll know when he’s ready.”
They haven’t said a word since they got home. They don’t need to, not quite yet.
“Dammit,” John sighed. His shoulders slumped toward the ground, and he turned and trudged upstairs without another word.
John just… didn’t do things like this. He didn’t get stupid drunk and pass out on someone’s floor, and he certainly didn’t do it without checking in with Sherlock. He still had no idea how last night got away from him to such a calamitous extent.
He thrashes like this for at least a minute, during which John forgets to breathe.
* * * * *
He sleeps in the flat every night for a week. Sherlock doesn’t come back.
“Will you make the garlic bread?” John asks pleasantly as he begins chopping vegetables.
“Fuck,” John mutters, staring down at the sight in his lap. Sherlock holds himself there for two seconds, maybe three, before quickly lifting off. He’s sputtering, drooling, his eyes watering, messy, gorgeous, and he takes a deep breath and does it again.
Irene sets up a pattern of striking Sherlock with the flogger and then letting it drag over the skin that just received the blow. She covers every part of his back, chest, and upper arms, with increasing intensity, until his pale skin is uniformly pink. Sherlock grunts with each hit and groans through the aftermath, and has started to thrust his hips forward as each blow lands.
Billy is sporting his Santa hat (literally the only thing Sherlock ever does himself by way of decoration) but also now a pair of novelty reindeer antlers. The bison on the wall is covered in haphazardly strung fairy lights, plain white ones that are blessedly just
“Oh, my God. Sherlock. Love. Look at me.” He waited until Sherlock finally turned back toward him, and then John held his gaze, for one moment, then another, then another. Sherlock’s eyes watered again and when he tried to turn his head, John’s hand traced his body up to his jaw, and brought him back.
John stammers a bit, but eventually, “Yeah. Yeah, I think so.”
John stopped breathing as he tried to swallow around the lump in his throat. He was such an idiot. He had never realized the true depth of Sherlock’s love for him, but now, today, it had just become tangible, in the form of this cadaver heart on their kitchen table. His eyes pricked with tears as he realized how utterly ridiculous this would seem to anyone else, but how perfectly he understood what Sherlock was trying to tell him, how he was the only one who could, and what that meant.
“Some detective you are. Yes, an old picture. Of what?”
John has tried to maintain a poker face, he really has, but at this he absolutely bursts out laughing. “Well done. Finish your water, and let’s go to bed.”
Tall. Dark, curly hair. Cheekbones that could cut glass. Black jeans, grey t-shirt, maybe thirty.
They’re still here. Sherlock inhales, exhales, inhales against his chest. John leans down to press a gentle kiss to the crown of Sherlock’s head. He waits.
Despite hugging the bag of ice on the rest of his walk home, he is dripping with sweat by the time he reaches the flat, and he can feel the temperature rise with each slow step up to the sitting room. John stashes the ice in the freezer, appreciating the air that hits him when he opens the door, then deposits containers of pasta salad and fruit in the fridge. A glance at the table tells him Sherlock has at least been up this morning, but he hasn’t seen or heard him since he walked in.
“Do you…” The stranger smiles, exhales, tries again. “Sorry, do you want to dance?” He angles his body back toward the dance floor.
“Then what are you
John laughs kindly, thinking of how rarely he’s ever able to render Sherlock speechless. “The extra shifts I’ve been taking at work? Some of them were lessons.” He suddenly feels almost shy with embarrassment. “I was going to surprise you on Christmas morning, wrap up my crap music store student violin and let you open it. I’ve even been learning ‘We Wish You A Merry Christmas,’ too.” He laughs again when he sees Sherlock’s expression hasn’t changed. “Honestly, I never know what to get you, so…”
“Now. You understand that it’s entirely up to you to tell me that I need to stop.” As he talks, John pours lube onto his hand and works one finger, then two, into Sherlock. “I can do this all night. You, however, can’t. You cannot come, so you need to tell me when you’ve had enough. The word ‘stop’ will be fine. Do you understand?”
“Go downstairs, Sherlock, right now.”
“Come for me, Sherlock.” John’s voice is low and Sherlock groans as John’s fist surrounds him and starts jerking him off at a fast pace. “Do it, Sherlock, now.”
“John…”
When John regained some situational awareness, he raised his head to look down at Sherlock’s face, still a bit flushed, brows knotted together. John reached up and smoothed a hand over Sherlock’s forehead, through the curls, and pressed his mouth to the salty skin at his temple, whispering, “You’re amazing, Sherlock, you’re...” and Sherlock immediately turned to capture John’s mouth with his own, almost roughly at first, then slowing as they continued to come down, breathing each other in.
He exhales as Irene pulls the wand away from his body, his hips twitching forward.
Starting with trees. There are now five trees in the sitting room.
“This is what I’ve been doing up here, Sherlock. I’ve been making you a jumper.” He pulls it down from Sherlock’s body and hands it to him, going back to the bed. Sherlock feels the stitches and studies the pattern with wonder. “I’m still working on the sleeves,” John says, sitting on the edge of the bed and holding up the tube.
“Then your imagination is failing you,” Sherlock chides. His body shifts down the bed as he draws the ice lower along John’s torso, to his hip, and the sensitive line above his thigh, still following it with his tongue, and then John’s imagination catches up in a dawn of realization as Sherlock settles on his side. He props his head on his hand and looks back up the bed at John as he cheekily sucks the rest of the ice cube until it disappears.
for him after only 36 hours.
She sighs and stands up straight, takes a deep breath of bone-chillingly cold air, then calmly picks up her phone and says “I’ll call you back” into it before hanging up and collecting everything off the ground. Once inside, she carefully opens the package.
“Sherlock,” John is bone tired but he can’t help but laugh. “What are you doing?”
Sherlock’s eyes returned to the television. “We’ll see.”
He shrugs into his robe and shuffles out into the kitchen. Sherlock is facing the window, as usual, and John doesn’t want to startle him, so he leans in the doorway, watching him in the glow of the fairy lights Mrs. Hudson hangs on the mantel every December, which they both secretly enjoy. He listens to the sad, sweet melody, until it comes to an end, and Sherlock lets the instrument drop from his shoulder.
John bounds up the stairs without looking behind him. He shoves open the door to the flat, tears off his coat, throws it at his chair, and immediately goes to the fridge. He pulls the door open so hard that everything
A few minutes later, when he hears Sherlock come back into the room, John pulls his eyes open with a groan - he swears even his eyelids are sweaty. Sherlock is holding two glasses of ice water. Like any good British subject, John usually prefers his drinking water room temperature, but the glass Sherlock is holding out to him is already gathering condensation and it shines like an irresistible beacon. He sits up and takes it, drinking a long swig, then lays back down. He presses the bottom of the glass to his forehead, then the center of his chest. Sherlock drinks until there’s nothing but ice left in his own glass, then flops back down on his stomach.
He leaves his hand on Sherlock’s chest as he reaches up to remove the earplugs, then the blindfold. Sherlock slowly squints and blinks open his eyes, adjusting them to even the low light, then bows his head. John unbuckles the gag, slips the straps forward, and pulls until the ball pops free of Sherlock’s mouth.
The next time it happens is 18 days after the first time. Mycroft insisted that they visit their parents for the weekend - “It
“Yeah, okay, and the cabbie needs to know all this.”
“Just to talk, Sherlock. And maybe drink. Because this,” John gestures broadly at the air between them, “it’s going to take some time. We are nothing if not completely fucked up right now. But I’d like to try to find our way back. If you want to.”
She waits for almost an entire minute, then connects the crop sharply with his left nipple. She pauses again, then hits the right. A pause, then the left one twice more.
“Her name is Irene.”
“Sherlock, I’m serious, my ice cream is melting…”
be causing
It’s a strange beauty, John thinks, but yes, an absolutely undeniable one.
Daniel nods, slapping his hands flat against the concrete in front of him. “Yes. Please.
“Really,” John says. “What do you think I think it looks like?”
“That’s right,” John replies.
“I’m saying, we don’t have to talk about it. I just thought you would like to know that I know.”
Eyes. On him. One very specific pair of eyes.
Daniel grins and grips his hand and leads him through the throng on the dance floor into a dark corridor, then up a wide set of stairs to a functional, poorly lit hallway. Suddenly it’s a mess of mouths and teeth and tongues as they shove each other against the rough concrete wall, hips thrusting together, gasping and groaning.
John held his breath as he turned the album page. The next photo was the same Santa, his lap now holding a screaming bald 18-month-old also wearing a Santa outfit, and a slightly taller boy than the one in the previous photo, still shooting visual daggers at the lens from under a striped stocking cap and a Santa Claus sweatshirt.
* * * * *
“Yes, I know,” John says, unfazed.
“Yes, it is.” Sherlock’s fingers form silent notes across the strings of the instrument, his head leaning back in the chair, his eyes on the ceiling.
John sucks in a breath as his luck holds, and the tip of Sherlock's tongue tastes the dead center of John's sternum.
And then, if he was being honest, he would probably have to pass out and sleep for another few hours, or possibly days.
John stares down at him. “What color are you?” he demands, his voice still low and threatening.
John cringed. God, how he had fucked up. “How did you find me?”
“Thank you,” he says quietly. He shakes her hand, then surprises himself by taking it in both of his. He clears his throat and smiles as he lets go.
“You heard me,” John says calmly. He looks over at Sherlock, but his face is expressionless, betraying no hint of his intentions.
Downstairs, he pushes open the door to 221C, turns back to slide the lock home, and walks a short hallway to what used to be an ordinary living room, but is now their own version of Room 3 in a row house in Maida Vale. There is a smaller version of the cage, with an adjustable ceiling. There is an armoire, fully stocked with implements of all shapes and sizes. There's a bench, and a sofa on the wall opposite the cage.
One month and one day after the aquarium, he goes back into the city, walks down Baker Street, rings the bell at 221B.
“No, love, it wasn’t me,” she said, puzzling for a moment, but then giving in to the urge to snake her arms around her only child’s middle one more time, and pressing her cheek to his chest. “There must be a Secret Santa out there who knew how much I was missing you lately.”
The alarm pings.
“What is it?”
“Which part?”
“Well, okay,” Daniel says in a low voice when they finally separate. “John. Um... you know, upstairs… we can…”
It's perfect.
“Ready?” Sherlock asks, concern evident in his voice.
“Sorry, Sherlock, but you’re making room for this fucking pint of ice cream. Now stand here and pick something so we can move on with our lives.”
Sherlock is very, very still. “John…” he whispers.
“The things I say?” John repeated, a bit puzzled. “What things?”
John pours his tea, adds a splash of milk, and sits back into the couch.
The idea that he would ever survive it a second time, whether it happened today or fifty years from now, is utterly incomprehensible.
John roughly pushes Sherlock down to the mattress, out of his way, as he leans over him to reach the bedside table. He’s had a lot of practice slamming drawers open and shut tonight, and in no time he retrieves the bottle of lube and slicks up his hand. He pulls Sherlock back up to his knees and slides one finger inside without a lot of finesse, then slides in a second. He thrusts his fingers just a couple of times, quick and shallow, then adds more slick to his cock and buries himself, much too fast and all the way, in one powerful thrust.
“You’ll be
John’s eyes fall closed. “Oh.” He leans his head back and blinks up at the ceiling. “Oh, Sherlock. I might have been. I mean, I can’t swear to you that I wasn’t. I wasn’t thinking that, but maybe subconsciously...”
He maps it out, considers each step, what he will ask for, what he will offer. He puts things in order, runs through it, rearranges. He thinks about the pace, about the limits and the rules and the consequences, about what will happen when, and what will happen if.
They continue to drink their tea in silence.
Sherlock stares at him, dumbfounded. His hands fall slowly to his sides.
The third week, he started to reason. He tried to understand, and slowly, very very slowly, release his grip on the anger. There was a lot of deep breathing, a lot of shuddering inhales and controlled exhales, the occasional diverting breakdown as he let the truth seep in, bit by bit, careful that it was no more truth than he could absorb at any one time.
“I’d give up every single thing on that list for you,” he says, knowing in his heart it is the absolute truth. “All of them. Without question or hesitation.”
John smiles and says all of this in one smooth, conversational, Sherlock-making-a-deduction breath: “You don’t really remember why you retrieved every liquor bottle from our cabinet, arranged them on the table, poured some measure of the contents of each of them into four different vessels, retrieved all the popular cocktail garnishes from various locations throughout the refrigerator, added them to the vessels in multiple combinations, and proceeded to ingest them over what I’m estimating was the last hundred and twenty minutes?”
