"This is one of my very favorite places on this earth," Sherlock almost whispered as he scanned his eyes around the room. "This whole house and those who occupy it are ...very important to me."
Sherlock deliberately chose to leave it at that. No need to tell John about the lengths he went to to keep boredom at bay. Not yet, anyway.
And now a telling clothed hardness is pressing against his thigh and his own thick flesh still covered beneath his boxer shorts
He's ashamed to admit it even now. He's barely said three words to John, a 'sorry' once when he ran into him on accident in the hall, an 'excuse me' when he nudged passed him in the cafeteria… yup, just about three words.
While he could fake not noticing him at school, Sherlock could absolutely indulge himself when alone.
"What do you want, Sherlock?" John murmurs up to his lover as innocently as he can manage even as he peels Sherlock's pants off him, careful not to touch the swollen cock tenting the cotton fabric.
"You're right, I don't. You're getting scammed by a rugby player and a bully. Tough luck, Sherlock."
With an overdone scoff in an attempt to distract from the blush currently creeping into his cheeks, Sherlock offers one hell of a glare in his sibling's direction, mustering all the fury he possibly can with a single stare, hoping the angry daggers in his eyes are evident.
Now John as panicking as he watched the Major slowly drift out of coherence. "Sherlock, who is Mycroft? Did they give you the drink? They may have spiked it. Tell me who you had a drink with?"
He crept quietly to the window and peered just over the edge to watch Sherlock pull his helmet on, mount his bike and slowly back out of his spot. He turned the handlebars to the left, but John was already flying down the stairs, prepared to dive into the cab that was waiting for him just around the block. He peeked out from the front door to watch Sherlock pick up speed, then ducked out, racing toward the taxi. He dove in and ordered the cabbie to follow the man on the motorcycle. He tossed a few notes at the driver after receiving an odd look. The cabbie fell silent and did as he was told.
John sauntered into his office, flicking the door shut with his foot. Very smooth. "How often will what happen, baby?"
"What is it with you and text messages?" Sherlock sighs in exasperation, though John can see the glow in his eyes at being given permission to talk to John when they're apart.
is the thought tempting, brightly lit images of decking Victor square in the face dancing along his vision, the idea that that sick fuck had any plans of laying a single
"So," John says, "if you have any further questions, please kindly fuck off. Have a wonderful formal!"
John rolls his eyes. "Seriously? Are you five? She's yours and therefore no one else is allowed to play with her?"
"Okay, I've heard about enough, thanks," John bites out, shifting forward to throw his elbow to his knee and point a finger at this posh bastard. "First and foremost, Sherlock and I are not shagging, not that it's any business of yours but I'd like to make that quite clear on my end. Second of all, I actually like Sherlock. We get on well, we live together just fine and yes I would consider us friends. I don't need payment to stick around and I certainly won't be taking any money from someone who thinks they need to pay a person to be friends with Sherlock Holmes. So you can kindly go fuck yourself, thanks, because I won't have anymore talk of my friendship with Sherlock being funded, for godsake."
"Hey, no fraternizing with the other team!" Paul shouts from the still waiting group of boys. "And no eye-fucking during football!" His words are accompanied by hollers of agreement and teasing jeers and
Sherlock Holmes can bloody well take care of himself, thank you very much. He doesn't need protection or coddling or… or
John hovers over him, stroking his hair back from his forehead. "You okay?" he murmurs, appreciating the blotchy red spots all over Sherlock's face and neck, his sensually bowed lips looking positively delectable. He's such a beautiful young man with his dark curls and light skin and bright eyes. John can't get enough.
"I'm trying to help, Sherlock," Mycroft said softly. "You need to be careful. These things you do... they could gain you considerable attention."
"I think you'd better find out tonight," Greg drops down beside him. "I won't be there but keep me in the loop, yeah? Myc said something similar about Victor being a bad guy but I thought he was just being an overprotective big brother, you know? But now… Now I don't know what to think."
He continues to watch this interaction silently, eyes tracking the conversation as the jokes continue to fly around the group, cheers and snorts and laughter all following shortly behind, the interaction flowing so effortlessly between these men. His blank mind finally seems to kick itself into gear and the deductions begin to flow easily as he takes in each boy and their history, finding nothing criminal about any of them really, all of them generally a bit boring if he's honest.
He had done the right thing by John, he was sure. He couldn't provide what he needed. Right? He couldn't be a…what? Boyfriend? Partner?
Not that he's doing anything wrong. Really, Victor is just trying to be a good friend. It's Sherlock with the attitude problem. Victor is fine.
And for some reason, that made Sherlock incredibly angry. No one besides him could see how unusual John Watson truly was. No one else could see what made him different and exciting and true. Not some mock up society created, but a true, real, honest person.
John took one deep breath, blowing it out slowly and shaking his head a bit. He blinked hard. "Yeah. Yeah I'm good," he repeated.
But whatever it was, it's over now and things are as they should be. No cuddling or dancing or touching or longing stares or lip-watching. Just friendly banter as always. Like it should it.
"B-but the dance," Sherlock gasps, even though he doesn't want to go back. He has better manners than to leave Molly behind.
Still attempting not to laugh, John is of sound enough mind to drag Sherlock by his wrist down the hall and into his room, pushing Sherlock's shocked body in and closing the door softly behind him.
"Really?" Mike shrugs, not looking the least bit concerned as he sways slightly on his feet, barely looking in Victor's direction before turning back to his newfound partner. "Welp, you snooze you lose I guess! What'ya say Sherlock? You in?"
"That's all for today. Please check the website for the homework and be prepared to discuss it on Wednesday," Sherlock finished.
"You're gorgeous," John whispers, more to himself than anything else, breathing the word helplessly as his gaze trails along soft skin and defined muscles, surprised at how strong Sherlock looks despite his slender frame, his collarbones standing out as sharply as his cheekbones, though the lines of his arms define his biceps distinctly, two pink, pebbled nipples placed perfectly atop either pectoral, the dip between them chasing itself down his front from the hollow of his throat to the sparse hairs trailing beneath his belly button outlining his figure perfectly.
"Come on holiday with me, John," Sherlock murmured. "I promise I'll make it worth your while. I'll even give you a little preview tonight."
Link shook his head and pointed a finger at John without looking away from Sherlock. "No way. You always know where he is."
John didn't let go and Sherlock didn't want him to. He tossed a wad of bills at the cabbie and dragged John out of the cab and into his flat.
," John chokes, and it would have sounded almost angry with how harsh it came out if he didn't reach for Sherlock at the same time, but Christ this boy is going to give him a bloody heart attack, the thought of undressing Sherlock already enticing enough but removing his own clothing from the genius boy's body is
"Oh, please," Sherlock replies flippantly, looking away to search for a nonexistent book he plans to fake needing immediately. A means of getting out of this small space with this too gorgeous of a boy looking at him like he... like he
Although the answer doesn't seem to be his to make as John's slick, well-trained fingers find their way to the ridges of Sherlock's entrance, sliding right inside, popping passed the first ring of muscles before he has a chance to tighten. Sherlock gasps, the intrusion unfamiliar, though not unwelcome, the sensation of having something inside of him eluding him for months on end while John was away. He has other options of course but nothing is quite the same as actually being with John, experiencing John's fingers working him open and John's cock inside of him. It's better than any toy could do, of that Sherlock is certain.
And when it sunk it, John's only-jealous-for-Sherlock mind beat its fist against its chest and growled ferociously.
"I fucking hate that guy," Greg snaps, shaking his head in the direction the small pact went off in with a glare. "He needs to get an attitude check. I'll talk to John about it. We'll make sure the sodding football team cleans up their act."
The warmth in his chest burned as his heart thudded harder. "I love you too," he whispered back, turning his head to capture Sherlock's lips.
After turning the taps on in the shower, Sherlock prods John gently down on the closed toilet seat, ignoring the protests of his boyfriend claiming he can do things himself, and kneels in front of him, setting to work on slowly unwrapping the ice pack from the rugby player's shoulder with methodical, efficient movements, careful to preserve the wrap for later when John will need to ice again. It takes far longer than he'd thought it would and by the time he's peeling the pack off of John's skin the rugby player has gone all soft around the eyes, grinning adoringly down at Sherlock between his knees, the need to fight every effort of help Sherlock offers completely dissipating, blue irises now only holding warmth and fondness and the genius boy is practically glowing in response, blushing under the attention.
." He spins rather efficiently on a heel and falls back into the seat beside his rather furious-looking boyfriend, slapping a hand to Mycroft's knee and shooting him a pinched smile. "I don't think so, my love," he glares smugly.
Sherlock smirked against John's hot skin, taking his time to move to the other nipple, giving it just as much attention, swirling his tongue around its pink peak and flicking against it.
Gasping slightly at the touch, John watches as Sherlock curls his fingers around his hand, before lifting his head, breath shaking as he exhales. "Sherlock-" he starts, gaze trailing up Sherlock's face to find his eyes.
After forty agonizing minutes and several embarrassingly not-so-subtle adjustments of his trousers, Sherlock is ready to get the hell out of here. It's been sheer torture watching that slight but powerful body wrapped in black and white dominate the field and all the occupants on with the speed and agility and strength Sherlock hadn't been aware his roommate possessed until today.
"There is nothing scientific about covering oneself in mud for the simple reason of chasing after a ball," Sherlock replies airily, rolling out of bed and finding his own clothing to change into which, to John's utter surprise, end up being a pair of black track pants and a simple grey long-sleeve shirt.
He cursed himself for trusting Mike and Link to handle this. Clearly, alcohol was a key factor in them being rendered useless, and Sherlock should have guessed that sooner. He shouldn't have left John like that. Even if it hurt to watch, Sherlock should have stayed. Boundaries be damned. As his friend, Sherlock should have watched out for him, and not torn out of the club like some lovesick teenager.
"Let me be the first," John whispers as Sherlock wraps his legs around John's back, hooking his ankles.
He's murmuring apologies and fighting against the blush in his cheeks, moving to pull away, certain John will be disgusted, when the boy atop him suddenly shifts, no longer pressing down on Sherlock's sensitive, spent cock but instead against his hip, rolling his hips once, twice, three times and a tiny gasp emits from John's lips into Sherlock's ear.
"You should be more comfortable with yourself, dear," Mrs. Hudson continues as though Sherlock's face isn't currently melting off. "It's alright to be g-"
in the back of sciences that knew all the answers to every test question known to man. He was always fully aware he wasn't normal, that he didn't belong with the jocks or the artists or the nerds, that he belonged in a group all by himself, the Sherlock Holmes Social Group, always a party of one, always separated, always on his own.
As Sherlock's fingers find their way back into his fringe, John swirls his tongue and deep throats, holding steady as the boy thrusts up into his mouth, tiny
He knocked again, panting like a dog and wiping sweat from his face with his shirt, feeling sticky and disgusting and just wanting more then anything to lay eyes on his editor for the first time in days.
Resisting the urge to scream, throat drying in protest, John narrowed his eyes, doing his best not to believe the words and failing miserably. "I'll just slip it under his door, thanks."
"Not yet," John grumbles, burrowing further into Sherlock's chest like he has no intention of doing anything else, especially not bathing. "Kind of difficult with a broken wing and all."
"Yes," John nods pleasantly, "because I'm bisexual and at the time I was unaware my gorgeous flatmate was into me until the second girl got chased off by said flatmate and then said flatmate told me to stop dating."
Sherlock bit down viciously on his bottom lip as he fully seated himself inside John, eyes wide and bright boring into the blue gaze beneath him. "John-" he choked, gasping slightly on the n as he glanced down to where they were joined. "John!" he cried again quietly.
"Well you should sort that out then, shouldn't you?" The man said almost angrily and John subconsciously cringed back.
He doesn't even need to turn around. He doesn't even need to react at all. He knows Seb means it. He knows Seb means every sickening word of that whispered sentence.
Sherlock's reply was a sharp head-tilt of his own, before spinning round and storming off to his room, ignoring the tears stinging his eyes and focusing instead on a long dormant experiment in the back of his closet.
"To let you know I'd be sending you information! We cannot continue this. Not after the last time. You were taken hostage for Christ's sake."
And the breath John thought he had held safe in his chest promptly rushes out of him, knocking him off center a bit as he takes in the silent
"N-nothing," John replied hastily. "Sorry- fuck, sorry, I didn't mean... I just know he likes you." Face flaming immediately at the implication, John shook a hand out in front of him. "No no, I mean, not that he
It had been so easy last time. Sherlock had initiated, surprised him, and it all fell into place. John hadn't even had to worry about where his hands went or what Sherlock was doing. It was hard to think about logistics when someone's hand was on your cock.
," Sherlock snarks back, rolling his eyes in an attempt to mask the embarrassment threatening to suffocate him. "I actually have more important things going on in my life than learning some moronic game."
Christ, this couldn't be real. How had John gotten lucky enough to get to have Sherlock like this? Sherlock with his unbelievably sensual lips and tousled, wild curls. Sherlock with his sharp angles and long limbs. Sherlock who was absolutely a pretty boy but with such a depth to him that most people didn't fully understand, his intelligence going almost unnoticed. Sherlock with his sharp tongue but soft eyes, gazing up at John, simply watching and waiting with baited breath.
John's cheeks burned again and he shifted his weight to his other foot. "I-I don't... I don't know." Then John found his voice. Finally. "I mean you catch me blatantly staring at you, come over here and save me from a potentially friendship ruining mistake, and give me some sound advice. And all I've done is stare at you like a bloody moron."
Then John started giggling. It started as a soft huff behind Sherlock's hand and began to build, stomach muscles clenching.
"So it's just that it's new?" John tries again, filing away that precious information to examine at a later date, instead thinking slowly through everything Sherlock has said, piecing things together again. "You don't know what to expect?"
"Sherlock, seriously," Irene grabs his bicep and shakes it slightly, knocking the pencil free from his hand. He shoots her an irritated glare and opens his mouth to berate her but she beats him to it.
Sherlock bolts upright on his bunk, nearly smacking his head against the wood above, yanking his hand from his boxers and grabbing at the blankets to cover himself. "I- I…sorry, I-"
Because Sherlock is going to John. On this train going not-enough miles per hour, Sherlock is on his way to John's current location, prepped and coiffed and ready to see his man, an overnight bag currently stashed beneath his seat which he can't help subtly kicking at every few minutes to ensure it's still there.
"It's turning a horrible shade of blue," Sherlock argues accusatorily and points at it, not sure if his eyes are tricking him or if it is actually going darker even as he stares at it. "You're not fine. And you- John stop
John narrowed his eyes. "Nothing," he spat, knowing full well how unreasonable his anger was. He was being completely ridiculous but Christ, this was the closest he'd been to Sherlock in days and it was making John's body temperature spike to unhealthy levels.
Sherlock's arms locked around his neck, holding him close, and John thrust in, swallowing down Sherlock's next moan.
It's enough to settle his racing heart and anxious thoughts and he presses his forehead against the glass feeling a renewed sense of excitement and thrill, watching fog cloud beneath his eyes as he exhales against it, heart calming from a racing to a steady pulsing in his chest, content to thrum in time with the pull of the train car, with the knowledge that his perfect boyfriend is waiting on the other end of this long ride.
"Shut up! I don't have a crush!" Paul argues, ears going pink at the accusation and shaking himself free of Mike's grasp, swinging his bag forcefully onto his shoulder, ignoring his teammate's laughter. "Shut up," he grumbles again. "You don't know what you're talking about."
"Eat," John said again, still not looking up as he settled both their meals on either side of the table.
Sweat trickles down Sherlock's chest, mingling in John's hand and slickening his grasp as he jerks his boyfriend off, and John is only just realizing they clearly will need lube if they continue to have the amount of sex they've been having when the soft supple curves of Sherlock's arse against his cock suddenly tighten and John's vision goes blurry. "Fuck!" he cries, pressing his forehead between Sherlock's shoulder blades, watching his erection slip in between the sweetest arse he's ever seen, cheeks tightening clearly on purpose and letting go just as quickly, hugging him in time with this rhythm of his fist. "Oh my good god."
Mike groans and stares pleadingly at his last hope, eyes wide and round and as sad as humanly possible. "Paul? Come on, please?"
"I've been waiting my whole life for Sherlock without even knowing it. He makes my life better. He makes
"Wait," John's hand is suddenly wrapping around Sherlock's wrist, effectively stopping him in front of one of the doors in the hallway.
"How so?" Sherlock challenges. Furrowing his brow, he rolls the words around in his mouth. "Halftime. Half-time. Half time? That's not even a sentence."
Every muscle, every limb, every bone in his body ached like it was slowly breaking down, withering away into nothing.
He'd had no illusions about what this is, not once, but still. Still, he hadn't realized how extremely ill-equipped he is for what comes next.
Victor, for his part, seems to be attempting to pull himself out of a trance-like state, blinking rapidly away from where he'd apparently been staring in Sherlock's direction and fixes his hazy eyes on Irene as though he's only just realized she is also here. "What?" he asks dumbly.
Sherlock stroked and licked and sucked him through it, humming little pleased sounds as he swallowed every little bit. John's head spun with bliss and confusion and every other emotion under the sun as he slowly came back to earth, vision clearing, jaw unclenching.
"Will you just tell me what you see?" Lestrade says sharply, obviously in no mood for any antics today.
Three sharp knocks on their dorm door cut his words off in the middle of his sentence, startling both roommates. No one ever comes to their room.
"Probably," Greg agrees with a chuckle. His eyes soften a bit as he says, "But I think it's more than that. I mean, Sherlock doesn't like anyone. Seriously, anyone. At all. Poor kid didn't have any friends in secondary school from what Myc tells me."
But this, now, this touch, this uncoordinated bump of his cock against Sherlock's body, he didn't feel a bit guilty. No, he felt
with that?" Sherlock practically yells, on the verge of being properly irritated all over again and that precious, beautiful John had thought Sherlock had been denying him sex and kisses and love all this time and had been totally at peace with it.
Link leaned a bit closer. "I saw... I saw Mr. Holmes..." He faltered on the name and John felt his stomach turn over. He wasn't sure if he wanted to know the rest.
John is on him before he can completely cover his gorgeous body, ripping the sheets from his grasp. "No way," John growls. "Let me finish you."
"While you drink coffee? You obviously don't drink tea judging by all the lattes you bring to class which, by the way, make you incredibly obnoxious more often then not. The caffeine makes you babble like an idiot." Sherlock had shrugged as though that were obvious. "Why would I want to go endure more of that when I'm already forced to every other day?"
"That thing about… that thing you said," Sherlock fumbles, rolling his hand in the air as if to explain. "About… about me and - … and sex."
"It's a university library," Sherlock sighs, Victor's ignorance truly astounding on occasion. "What did you expect?"
," John whispers brokenly, allowing the exploration to go on for a moment longer before pulling back almost violently, and rather painfully, the loss of contact making him ache in several different places. "We have to stop," he practically growls, barely able to look at the red-lipped, pink-cheeked boy splayed out in his bed without descending upon him all over again and snapping his resolve right in half. Even fully clothed Sherlock looks filthy, like something out of a dirty magazine, debauched and rumpled, spread beneath the sheets wantonly, practically begging for John to have him in any way he desires, usually light eyes darkening tellingly as he gazes up at John from beneath his long lashes.
"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. I did, as well." I smile as I watched the scenery fly by as he drove. "We should do things like that more often. As our schedules allow, of course."
is offering a reward for the identity of the Phoenix, and a reward for the Phoenix himself, should he present himself at the castle before tomorrow midnight."
Jim is still sleeping peacefully when I open my eyes. Do I smell... cooking? I pull on a pair of track pants, and am about the look for a weapon when I suddenly remember - that old woman! Oh, god, she's been here all night... I look back at Jimmy's relaxed expression, a smile just beginning to play on his lips. "Damn you, Jim... you're SO lucky you're cute..." I mumble, and head toward the kitchen.
I pat his back awkwardly - I want to hold him, to comfort him, but I'm afraid he'll take it wrong. Looking at the sky, I suggest, "Let's stay here for the night. Give Daisy a good rest, us a warm meal, and we'll set out again at first light."
"Irene gave me some suggestions, so I thought I'd try them out. Obviously you find them acceptable." I smile up at him.
"Better than you. What is that on your hands?" I make my way inside and straight to Mycroft. "Mycie! I've brought your mask. Some of my best work if you ask me." I set the box on the corner of his desk near me.
"Who-who is there?" I stammer nervously. Great, now I'm trapped in the back of a cave by some ne'er-do-well, probably a thief hiding from the law...
"Mycroft," I say quietly, cupping his face in my hands. "Listen to me. I am here, with you, now. I want to be here, with you, in the future." I kiss him softly on the lips. "Is that what you want?"
"Again with the impatience..." I take my fingers away and line my cock up, press slowly into him, relishing the tight warmth enveloping me. "You should know by now, darling," I lean over and purr in his ear as our hips meet. "I'm worth waiting for." I pull back just a bit and press back in hard.
"I wasn't asking you to dinner HERE, Greg. Let's go to the restaurant down the road. My treat." I smile hopefully.
The crowd has finally dwindled to a remaining few men, whom even I can tell do not meet the basic physical description of The Phoenix, so I walk to the drawing room where Greg has just finished with the last few. "Have we given up yet?" I ask wearily.
"Greg was spending his time chasing after me... he wasn't paying any attention to you." I scold him. "And you chose not to inform me you were there, so I couldn't have helped either. You put yourself at risk. That cannot happen again, Sherlock."
I slip the Brandy flask into my hip pack before I load my pack. "Do you believe he was alone? The bones tell me someone cooked a fresh kill. He doesn't know how to trap, skin, or kill food. Bugs maybe, but nothing worth eating."
I chuckle quietly. "Of course. How foolish of me." I follow him out of the car. "Do refrain from shooting anyone unless it's urgently required, though." We walk up the road along the hedges until we reach the house. The sun is setting, and it appears the only lights on are downstairs - that might make it more of a challenge to be unobserved. "Where shall we start?"
"Johnny, you can't be serious. Stop being so childish." How dare he think he know better than me. It was bad enough when he ran off to join the RAF the first time.
"Oh, hello, dear. I've just got tea on, if you want some." I walk over to the cabinet and pull out another cup for him. "Sit. Have some biscuits." I wave to the chair.
"We're hoping to have her back soon." Sooner the better before she gets hurt or worse. Soon enough Sherlock doesn't waste away from not leaving his Mind Palace.
I smile at the space that is obviously meant for me to occupy and crawl into it. The air is heady with the smell of plumeria. "Would you like to cuddle up into me? Like the first night, remember, I woke up thinking I had been stolen by an octodragon of some sorts with all these arms and legs squishing into me." I think the few nights we've spent holding each other are the best night’s sleep I've ever had.
"Yes, you mentioned something about finding your brother. I am willing to help you. But I insist you eat while we talk." I can’t remember the last time I'd seen him eat anything, and he just didn't look healthy.
"I've lived here all my life." I reply. "Since my parents died, it's just been... well, my brother and I."
"Since your brother was likely travelling on foot, I don't expect he went terribly far. Probably a couple of hours, in this terrain." If Sherlock is anything like Mycroft, that would probably be the extent of his endurance. Mycroft is pretty, but woefully inexperienced, and even weaker since he's decided to subsist on a diet of brandy. "Do you want to ride, or walk? I think I'm going to walk, just so I can keep a closer eye on his trail.”
"What do you mean? You think he's working for Moriarty? What would a Colonel and a deranged kidnapper have in common?" Seriously! That's a leap even for him.
I roll my eyes at how very dramatic Johnny has to make everything. "All over a silly boy. How stupid."
Waiting to see how much he learned I allow him to lead the kiss. I respond eagerly with a moan and opening my jaw wider when he dips his tongue into my mouth. He tastes like tea and chocolate.
"Perfect." I get off the bed and help him up. I grab the lube before I follow him to Mycroft’s en suite.
I pull my mouth up til only the head remains then go all the way down again. I move my hands in closer so that I can hold the base steady. This position allows my thumbs to graze his ballsack that I can feel starting to tighten. To help him over the edge I stop focusing on suction and instead work on speed, depth, and making it as wet as possible.
"Why doesn’t it bother you? Do you not care about being tossed aside at the first hint of someone else coming along? I mean I am happy he has someone but why does that someone have to be his everything?! It’s not fair." I slam my fist on the table hard enough to rattle the tea cups.
"What do you mean, not pay you?" I ask carefully. "If I'm not paying you, why would you spend time on me?"
"I don't think my brother ever wanted to kill me - he just wants to make Mummy think he did, because she insisted. To find out she's not our real mother is enlightening, though. Explains a lot about how she dealt with Father's death..."
There's a weird sensation coming from where her hand rests on my leg. Like that feeling you get when your foot is forced to move after having been still so long. It's not terrible but it's far from pleasant. "I'll uhh. Gonna go check on Sherlock."
I'm shocked he responded so well to me telling him I love him. The fact that he loves me too was beyond even imagining. My eyes start to close and I know sleep is coming soon.
I roll my eyes in a duh motion. "I know that." Pfft. "Did you hear that Martha? So sad, too bad. You could always stay here. -I- would keep track of you and you can go on all the real holidays you want to."
I suck him down as far as possible and swallow around the head in my throat. My eyes are watering and my breath is coming in pants.
I purr around his cock when his fingers run over my scalp, and pull his hips toward me, taking him to the back of my throat.
I run my fingers over his scalp like a massage until I get to his neck and yank. "Uh uh. No teasing me or you'll get a spanking. You won't sit for a week."
"Because I showed up when I did. Ruined your game plan." Myc looks at my cigarette so I take another puff and blow it out dramatically.
I look at each of the boys in turn as Sherlock and Jimmy pick at their meals, and John and Sebastian studiously ignore them. I sit back and smile. It's just like having my own happy little family, without Frank there to mess things up.
Nerves... Nerves go to muscles. Muscles to bones. Bones and muscles to bodies. Bodies to— "Molly! It was with Molly."
"I wouldn't hear of it. I am happy for the company. I get visitors so seldom in winter." Truly, most of the villagers avoid these woods year round. There was that lad a few summers ago, through... the memory brings a satisfied smile to my face.
I had been looking away for a moment when he said this. "Please tell me you didn't taste it to see if it was poison." He returns with the small vial and sits on the bed.
My own dick is begging for attention, so I reach down to stroke it, moaning around John's cock in the process.
It takes a moment for the thought to reach my lips. "Take me." I say breathlessly. "I want to feel you inside me."
"Looks like we're a bit further east than I thought. I'd say three days in goodish weather, five in bad, dead if worse." I pull the previously cooked rabbit out if the snow and break off a few chunks for our breakfast. "We leave as soon as your dressed."
"Keep doing that baby. If you cum you'll relax and it will be easier to prep you." Leaning up I continue stroking him and use my other hand to lift his balls up a bit and press on the perineum since he seemed to like that so much last night.
"So he lives with you? Your folks must be quite proud of his skills. I'm sure they won't mind me popping over for a bit and asking young...? To make a batch for a departing soldier. What's your brother’s name?"
I feel his not-hip brush against my side and his knee came very close to my not-hip. We can do this. We can absolutely do this. No problem.
"Agreed". He starts a mild bouncing motion and I have to bite my lip to keep from cumming too quick. His devilish smirk tells me he knows what he's doing to me.
"Well, I wasn't here, Jim, so I can't say exactly what you said." I shrug, taking my cue from John and focusing on the food on my plate.
I roll my eyes at his theatrics. "I'm making sure my feet are dry before we lay down. I also need to make sure the jacket is dry so that any wetness doesn't soak in the cold while we're trying to sleep. You need to do the same thing."
I kiss him lightly on the lips. "I don't give a damn what 'society' thinks. I've had my fill of that, to be honest." I lean forward and shift the fire a bit. "Besides, my current profession makes people overlook much of my personal life. One of the reasons I chose it."
Having him fully pressed up against me was much warmer, indeed. "Thank you, John." I say. I cannot fail to notice that he's aroused... at least I'm not alone in that. I'm probably imagining it, right? He wouldn't have any interest in a posh git like me...
"That sounds awful. I hope at least that the area is familiar to you, when the sun rises. Perhaps you'll at least be able to find your way back. I have no idea where my brother has chosen to leave me, or even why."
"It is somewhat my fault since I said yes I work for a living. However, I thought we were discussing transcription services, not services in general." I am still a bit mortified at my faux pas. "Best mistake I ever made, sober or intoxicated."
"Well, if that is what he said, then barring a specific statement of a starting time, I have to agree with you, Mrs. Hudson. You won the wager. Now what is this about you moving into Baker Street?" I glare at Jim.
My righteous anger starts to fade. "I've been around him since he was 15, Myc. I've dealt with the panic. I've also been there to help him through his recovery from the attack. Remember that. I've been there." Since the day I found him, bloody, torn up, helpless, I've done my best to get as close to him as he will let me be. "He's been doing so good. I thought maybe being able to hide behind a mask would make it easier."
Moriaty stared back with dim, dull eyes. “No no… it can’t be, darling. I distinctly remember. Your birthday was last year.” He laid a hand on Sherlock’s head and ran his fingers through the boy’s soft, dark curls. Although, for some strange reason, being touched like this by Moriaty repulsed him, Sherlock knew better than to resist, so he allowed Moriaty to keep touching his hair.
“So, father, earlier, I asked if tomorrow was a pretty big day and you didn’t really respond so I’m just going to tell you!” He smirked, waiting to see Moriaty’s reaction. When nothing happened, he burst out, “It’s my birthday! Tada!”
Ace shook himself and put on his best face. “I know not who you are. Nor how I came to find you. But may I just say….Hi! How are you doing? The name is Ace Watson. How’s it going, huh?”
“You want to go outside?” Moriaty asked shortly, his dark eyes gleaming. “Oh, but why, Sherlock? Look at you!” He grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders and spun him around to face the mirror. “You’re as fragile as a flower! Still a little sapling… just a sprout! You know why we stay up in this tower, don’t you?”
The omega cringes, ducking his head. “I’m sorry, Jawn… I-I shouldn’t have spoken so long. My old owner told me I talk too much.”
“That’s right, my pet, to keep you safe and sound, dear. Guess I always knew this day was coming. Know that soon you’d want to leave the nest. Soon… but not yet. Shh…” Moriaty placed a finger to Sherlock’s lips. “Trust me, pet. Father knows best. Darling, the world is full of wicked people who will prey on your beautiful and innocent heart! You are so gullible and so young, my pet! You would be snatched up in a jiffy by people who would do you harm! I only keep you in here to protect you, darling, Please, you must understand! I wouldn’t want anything happening to my favorite flower.” He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pressing their two bodies together. “All I have is one reqest, darling.”
“It’s alright, Sherlock. I’m here. I won’t leave you. You’re just going through your heat.” John’s comforting voice broke through Sherlock’s haze of pain and he was slightly comforted, his body relaxing against the blankets. “Do you need anything? Water? More blankets?”
Mrs. Hudson nodded sympathetically. “You’re probably the best thing to ever happen to him, John. Give him lots of love. It’ll take time for him to trust you but from what I can tell, he seems to like you. Never break his trust, John, I’m warning you, or you will never get him back.”
My name is Jaci and I'm so excited to share this story with y'all! I've got some positive feedback and I can't be happier! Please leave a comment because that's what makes me smile and kudos would be nice too!
There were many different styles of collars. Some cloth, some leather. Others metal. A few of the more expensive ones were locked up behind thick glass. These collars were made of the finest leather, inlaid with precious jewels and metals. Other, more cheap ones, were displayed out in the open, for customers to pick up and try on their slaves. John bypassed the crueler looking ones-the chokers, the chains, and the spiked collars-and made his way for the cheaper, yet still good quality collars. He didn’t want to make Sherlock wear a collar but it was the law and uncollared omegas could be claimed and sold, despite having owners. Sherlock stuck close to John and didn't say a word until they came upon a collar made with soft, black leather. It had a polished, silver buckle and a single semi-precious blue stone set in the front. On the back was an empty silver plate, on which the owner’s name and address could be put on. “Jawn…” Sherlock began then stopped himself.
“That’s the thing, Father. I’ve charted stars and they are always constant. But these, they appear every year on my birthday, father. Only on my birthday. And….” He trailed off,  lowering his gaze and swallowing hard. “And I can’t help but feel that they’re… they’re meant for me. I need to see them, Father, and not just from my window. In person. I have to know what they are…” He knew that explaining his deep emotions and feelings to his father would result in nothing but another round of mocking so he quietly hoped that his father would be willing to listen.
Sherlock tilted his head. “At least I will know that it is you, Jawn, causing me pain and I want it.”
“That’s good, bitch. Make your mouth useful. Come here.” Jim settled down on a plush, leather armchair and motioned Sherlock over. Flushing, Sherlock crawled over, still gagging on the ashy taste in his mouth. “Suck me off,” Jim ordered, lighting another cigarette and popping it into his mouth.
John didn’t  mention that it’s only the beginning of spring. “Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. I forgot about getting him winter clothing when we were at the store. I was just focused on the basics.”
It was then that Sherlock vowed that he would die and never let another alpha take him again, even if he had to kill himself to do so.
“N-No one’s ever said…. Said such a nice thing to me before.” The voice was quiet, subdued, heavy with emotion.
Sherlock kicked his legs over the side of the bed. “I-I…. Could I sleep with you, Jawn?” He looked up at Jawn through long, black lashes, a blush creeping over his pallid cheeks, hands picking at the comforter.
“Quiet, bitch!” The alpha holding Destiny lashes out a foot and kicks Sherlock in the ribs. There is a definite crunch and the young omega collapses to the ground, crying out in pain, anger, and fear. In her captor’s arms, Destiny wriggles, crying loudly. It is her cries that break through Sherlock’s pain and he looks up, tears filling his eyes
Puzzled, John knelt down beside Sherlock. “Love? Are you okay?” he asked, his voice flooded with genuine concern.
“Hey, love, I’m going to set you down on the couch in the living room. You can sleep, if you want.” John carried the boy to the couch and settled him amongst the soft cushions before returning to Mrs. Hudson, who looked very worried. Leaning close so that the omega wouldn’t hear, he whispered, “I found him at the Omega House… One of the handlers was beating him and he was crying… I just… I know I said I’d never buy another human being but I just had to save him.”
“Don’t take them… don’t take them,” the omega muttered in his sleep, tossing fervently around the couch, eyelids fluttering.
He glanced at the bed and saw Redbeard looking at him. It’s time. “Alright…. so , father… as you know, tomorrow is a very big day and-”
Phillip, a greasy, sour looking man with an ugly scar across his left cheek, frowned. “What about me, Sally?” he whined. “I’m broke!”
Sherlock nods. "Once you moved in, you started coming with me, doing investigations and such. You liked the danger- excitement."
"A friend is in trouble," Sherlock muttered, doing up his buttons of his belstaff and wrapping his scarf snugly around his neck, pulling his gloves from his pocket, replacing the empty space with his phone. "A long standing connection has been hurt."
They'd gone the rest of the night in relative silence, though absolutely not uncomfortable but most definitely palpable, staying close enough to touch but seeming hardly able to speak, their heated gazes when they caught saying enough for an entire conversation.
"Rematch soon you wankers!" Mike yells overtop the storm but John has all but forgotten them, racing his way toward the dorm around the corner, coatless Sherlock still clutching his hand, and John can just make out his laughter over the pounding rain.
The click of the door closing behind him is loud in John's ears as silence falls over the two blokes staring uncomfortably at each other, neither one of them daring to move, neither one of them having any idea how to proceed.
"Hey Sherlock!" Molly Hooper calls from her post behind the table as Sherlock passes by, the Annual Chocolate Hearts fundraising sign glittering brightly in front of her, Greg turning at her side to offer Sherlock a grin of his own and a wave.
God, he was absolutely adorable. John did his best to stifle his laughter, pressing kisses to Sherlock's cheeks as he wiggled himself closer.
He pulls free his books and stuffs them into his bag, eyeing a table placed at the end of the hallway near the lunch room draped in a pink sheer tablecloth with a sign hanging on the front advertising a giant chocolate heart, his chemistry partner Molly Hooper and one of the rugby players Greg Lestrade perched behind it talking animatedly to several girls gathered around them.
There is a beat of silence before the team seems to come alive at the announcement, mumbling to each other interestedly, and John can't help but grin at that. It's been an age since he's kicked a ball around.
The lull in the already stilted conversation makes John's abdomen cramp up a bit in panic, feeling like he's fallen incredibly wrong-footed in this discussion and has absolutely no idea why. Did something happen? Did he unknowingly do something Sherlock is upset about?
He's tried not to notice the precious pink of Sherlock's cheeks in the mornings at breakfast. He's tried not to notice Sherlock's pouty lips sucking on a spoon or a fork while they eat in the mess hall. He's tried not to think about smoothing out the chaos of Sherlock's curly dark hair in the cool breeze of the late afternoon. He's tried not to notice the way Sherlock laughs so softly when John makes a joke, like he's not sure if he's allowed to enjoy himself or not, ducking his head as his shoulders shake.
William and Mycroft sat deep in conversation, William laughing gayly while his eldest son smiled, seeming quietly amused.
Sherlock scowls and turns on one heel, not even giving Dolly the usual kiss goodbye. No way he's doing
"Dolly," Sherlock says quietly, because he's still standing rather close to his beloved horse and because he's slightly nervous.
"Have a seat," he said in his deep drawl and John slid into a chair at the table in the center of the kitchen. He watched as Sherlock poured water from the kettle into a mug, turned to place it front of John, and ran a keen eye over John's body. His expression gave nothing away but John, as always under that translucent gaze, felt exposed.
John was sort of already in love with all of them. Even Mycroft, who seemed to flicker small smiles at him occasionally.
Everything felt wrong. Everything. Like Sherlock wasn't saying something he wanted to. Like John should just blurt out everything he was thinking. Like their banter John had come to cherish was suddenly too much, the interaction too fragile.
The words twist around his brain like a vine, delving into crevices and wrapping round tight, a true mind-fuck if there ever was one. After weeks –
Victor Trevor's got nothing on John Watson's connection with Sherlock Holmes. Of that, John is certain.
"Hey," Mike said, patting John's shoulder awkwardly. "The guy was a fucking tool. You'll find someone."
"Yup," John replied, wiping his arm across his lips. "I did. So I suggest you go sort that out while I take care of my own problem."
They both freeze, their voices getting dangerously loud for a 2am conversation, panting slightly in their anger. They stare at each other for a long moment, both assessing exactly what just happened.
"Those are quite the trousers," John says. He's hauling saddles into the new shed and Sherlock is hanging up his riding gear from practice.
Which all but shoves Sherlock right over the edge, crying out loudly as he comes long white ropes pouring out from his cock, dripping all over his stomach muscles. He sobs through it, vaguely hearing John's purrs of encouragement, his cock still hard enough to finish Sherlock off with a bang.
"Well, you're practically glowing," John teases as he turns back to him. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say someone is smitten."
John snorts, laying a kiss against Sherlock's bare shoulder. "I assumed you would be," he teases. "I had another idea."
"He was asking you out, you berk," John had said with a nudge of his shoulder to Sherlock's arm. "You could have been a little nicer."
It had been a subtle change. One that John probably wouldn't have noticed if it hadn't become so much more. It started as just a passing thought. A simple notice that Sherlock looked rather nice in tight fitting trousers. An idea that the dimples in Sherlock's face when he grinned were rather precious. A cursory glance at Sherlock's behind and long legs and strong shoulder blades as he walked ahead of him.
That caught Sherlock's attention. He snapped his gaze back to meet John's now mischievous grin. He raised an eyebrow. "Is that a challenge?"
"Yeah, it kind of figures you would have a state of the art lab in your family home," John chuckled as he turned to find Sherlock looking rather serious. John's smile dropped immediately. "Sorry," he murmured. "It's very impressive."
He trails his lips further down Sherlock's torso to his stomach and Sherlock's breath catches, his belly giving a little flutter under John's mouth.
"Leave it, John," he murmurs. It's not that he doesn't think John could take all five of these blokes down in a single round. He could. It's more the fact that John is about to make be somebody. He's about to make a name for himself, become an idol in England, and Sherlock would prefer a silly brawl not to hinder any chance of that happening.
Thick, firm arms lock around his thin middle and trail all the way to his lower back, pulling him closer into a muscled chest, warmth radiating off the torso pressed against his, somehow simultaneously soft yet fit and solid, lighting Sherlock's insides on fire at the sheer closeness of John Watson to him.
"You're attempting to show your confidence to overcome the humiliating reaction you had to me at the party. You're strong but not as strong as you're trying to come off because you're attempting to impress me, maybe because you're interested in me, more likely because you didn't receive proper love and affection in your childhood home and the positive attention of anyone is very important to you. You work hard for people to like you, as none of your family members seem to, which is why you have taken an interest in me as I seem difficult to please."
"Oh, you two!" Mrs. Holmes chuckles that laugh that makes Sherlock smile in return. "Go on, then. I won't be needing you for at least another half an hour. Go keep yourselves busy."
Sherlock was smiling warmly at him. "I think I like waking you up. You're rather gorgeous in the morning." He was dropping his voice in that way that made shivers run all over John's body and before he'd made a conscious decision, he was reaching for Sherlock and pulling him down, capturing his lips as John's back hit the mattress. Sherlock's hands came to either side of John's head, hovering over him and chuckling quietly. "Well, good morning to you too."
Of course, the hope he'd given John was futile and maybe cruel in its own right. Sherlock knew very well he'd never be able to give John even a fragment of what the boy very obviously needed. He couldn't take care of someone, put their happiness before his own. He couldn't love them. He'd only disappoint and hurt John.
Icy eyes widen at his tone and Sherlock recoils away, unsure how to take John's demeanor, but the rugby player grabs him before he can move too far, regretting his temper immediately for scaring this gorgeous boy.
My fingers twist into the sheet under my hands. 14... I tremble a little - more anticipation than fear. Jim doesn't scare me. He never has, even when he gets that crazy look in his eye. He knows what I need, and he's happy to provide it. I relax a little as he rubs over my arse, little sounds of pleasure escaping my lips as he does.
I originally opened up the Journal to narrate the trip thus far, maybe to describe the changes in Gregory and my relationship, but words would not come to me. Instead I have spent time drawing yet another picture of my Gregory in the throes of passion.
I stare at him and determine it was the truth. "So instead you told me a half lie about it being during a sparring match." That may be forgivable. "Then why, when I did not take the money the next time, did you add it to my next total?"
"Three weeks. I was back as soon as possible but it appears I was too late." Gregory looks around at the debris. "I am aware I am a terrible person. I must know, do you think my brother may be alive?" I brave myself for whatever the news may be.
"What's wrong with being spoiled?? He deserves to be spoiled. He needs to be spoiled. I. Want. To. Spoil. Him." I stand up and start pacing around the room muttering to myself as much as to Martha. "He does everything. The shopping, the sniping, the taking care of boring messes. Then he goes off off off into the mundane world and works works works. So boooorrrrring. Instead we could be camping in a cabin in the Alps, diving in the Carribean, toppling governments all over South America, maybe even North America too."
I put my hands on the back of his knees and push them even closer to his chest. He's so flexible I could fold him in half if I wanted to. I give him a few shallow thrusts before I start really pounding into him. My balls hit his arse each time I bottom out.
I resist the urge to roll my eyes. "You well know I'm not the only one who noticed. Did you think the ehm - ladies - took a walk around the grounds ever spar day exactly at 8am for health reasons?" Not just ladies.
Ohhhh My Gawd!! "This is too funny. Ha. If I knew it would be this fun I would've done it ages ago." I sit down and pat the seat to my right so Seb sits as well. Outside I hear cursing followed by a baritone howl of 'Jaaaaaawwwwwn!"
"Seb. SebSebSebSebby. I'm so close. Fuck me baby. Louder." Maybe it's his quietness after the yelling from earlier. Ohhhh or the Sir. I like it when he says Sir.
"Going off to work with Sholto. It's bad enough I had to bury my husband - no parent should ever have to face burying a child."
His lips closing around my fingertip is exhilarating and sends a shiver through me. "She just... I..." I try to answer, and finally give up. I curl my hand around the back of his neck and pull his lips to mine.
"Looks like it wasn't used much at all. Honestly I don't think anyone lives here at all." I follow him up the stairs and bump into him when he suddenly stops in the open doorway. "What is it?" I whisper and pull out my gu--- phone.
I put some of my bread and cheese onto his plate. "You are going to eat that. And you don’t need this." I comment, taking the flask of brandy from him "And no sneaking it off to Daisy this time."
"Remind me to thank Greg for talking you into it." I pat down his shirt and attempt to tame some errant curls. "Life as a Lord's spouse will be filled with crowds. Will that be a deal breaker?"
"I'm not sure. Those bones may have been from a ... a hunter who used the cave after the blizzard." Hunters are only one sort of person one might find in a forest such as this one. It's a popular hiding place for the less desirable sort of person, as well. I've caught a number of thieves and other criminals in the area. But if I tell Mycroft that, he's likely to panic.
I nod to Stamford as he passes. He heads to the bar to collect a pint, then returns to our table, pulling up a chair.
Once all but my socks have been removed I turned back to Lock. "I'm sorry Princess." His arms are folded together and he's making an obvious point to look away from me. "I'm sorry that no one taught you how to deal with real life. Since no one did that you have no way of dealing with it when life goes from real to really bloody hard real bloody fast." It may have been what I was saying or the very low tone in which I was saying it but I finally got his attention.
Mmmm "I don't want you to get too cold. It would be a shame if you died from something as boring as snow." Gods he smells so good. The cold, sparse food, cold, him, cold, tiredness, and the cold are lowering my verbal filter.
I take his hands with mine. "And you'll have that sweetheart. Just relax for a moment." We both need a moment to calm down. "Do you want me to tell you what I'm going to do first? I'm sure you understand the basics, but the mechanics can be a bit... mechanical."
"Sorry. I got confused. It happens." Sherlock helps me to the chair near the fire and gets me water before he sits on the sofa next to Irene. "Sorry bout that. I don’t know what happened."
With the contented side, I snuggle up against John's warm body, only for him to move away. "Jawn, hold still. I'm freezing." I mumble.
I finally give up in the whole eating thing and take our plates to the sink. I come back with the folded piece of paper with his name and number on it and hand it to Sherlock.
I straddle him and put my hands on his chest. "Then ruin you I shall love." I align myself on top of his cock before I return to kissing his neck and tugging on his hair.
The fire looks warm and inviting but I must weigh if it's worth having to speak with Gregory again. "I'm sorry." Only a whisper but it's all I can do.
My eyes still wide, I look at John incredulously. "It's been FIVE WEEKS! She kept us for FIVE WEEKS!" I nearly shout.
"Later, Irene. He and I need to talk." I pull him into her room and sit his pliable body on the bed. He seems to have stopped reacting to anything.
"Wait, Mycroft... We should approach with some caution. I'm not sure who the other man is, but I'm fairly certain he's armed, since they're bringing in a deer." I instruct him to wait with Daisy while I go introduce myself to the pair.
"It was meant as a joke. He's not actually a spy. Who, besides your brother, would want to spy on you? No one."
"MissEss HUD Sonnn. Wanna go out? There's a little bar not far from here." I can't drink tea from my laying down position so I sit up and cross my legs beneath me with my back leaning against the sofa.
"No, sir. Definitely not." I reply just loud enough for him to hear. I stretch out sleepily on the bed and look over at the clock. "Can we get some sleep now, sir?"
"Oh, the boys have been very busy. They've had at least a dozen clients this week!" It's true, they hadn't been down daily as per usual, but since they're busy, I have no complaints. It gave me plenty of time for my book club.
I growl at him, but my eyes sparkle with mischief. I scratch my nails lightly along his inner thighs, stopping enticingly close to my prize.
"I'm not taking off my coat..." I look at him like he's asked me to stand naked in the snow. "I'm cold... the wool is warm. And water proof."
I put my hand on his oiled one and guide him to stroke himself as I do. My other hand makes its way behind his balls and I press up on the muscle before his anus.
I reach over and snatch the flask from his hand, spilling brandy all over. I solemnly upturn the flask and let the remaining brandy pour onto the ground. "You have to stop, Mycroft. You don't need this."
"Get up, you git." I walk over to the pile of clothes and grab the first thing my hand lands on. I wrap myself around the wool coat and return to the edge of the cave. "Ha! I know where we are!"
"Good point." Speaking of points... I lift up his vest and begin to lick from his navel to his nipple pushing his vest up as I go.
"That'd be great, Mycroft. You looking for a permanent gig like Greg, here, or temporary? I'm sure we can manage either."
"Maybe he wants to spoil you ," I look at him sternly. "It's bad enough he thinks you're not interested in anything long-term with him..."
"On the contrary. I'm trying to help you avoid the crowd. I admit, though, that I'd like to chat with you more, if you're interested." Thank God he can't see that my face is nearly as crimson as my mask.
"Yes, I think it's a 20-minute walk over that hill." I nod my head in the direction of the springs. "Bring the blankets, though - it's only going to get cooler, and we can only stay in the water so long, after all." I give him a quick kiss on the lips and get up, helping him to his feet as well. I bank the fire well - hopefully, enough embers will remain when we return that it won't be too difficult to restart - while Mycroft rolls up a few blankets. I untie Daisy's reins and fasten them loosely to her saddle - if she needs to flee a predator in our absence, she will; otherwise, I trust she'll stay nearby. Slinging the blanket bundle over my shoulder, I take Mycroft's hand and lead him along until we finally arrive at a small spring with steam rising from it. "This what you wanted?" I grin.
Now we're both blushing. "Should I let you up, then?" I lean in and purr in his ear "Or can I keep you here a while?"
"I wouldn't say unimportant. Perhaps not foremost in their minds, yes, but not unimportant." I nod. "This seems to bother you far more than me, dearie."
I look around nervously at the crowd as we join the queue. I stick close to Greg's side, since his invitation is my only way in. "I need to make sure I get home well before my brother. I told me not to expect him before 1am, so if you can drive me home around midnight, that should give me plenty of time."
I can feel the ridges from the roof of his mouth as his tongue tentatively explores the head. "Just like that." I scrunch his hair every time he slips into the tip of my dick.
"Don't trouble yourself, John. I can take care of this." I whisper back. It's far too soon for me to divulge my plans to him. I wait until he's fallen asleep, and creep into Irene's room, to find her sitting up waiting for me. "Irene, I want to talk to you."
In a lower voice, I speak to John and Sherlock. "It's about time you two showed up!" I scold playfully. "Now get in here, wash up here in the kitchen and sit down for dinner."
"You are the biggest tease in the history of teases." We have had a few interesting nights on exactly how long he can get me close and stave me off. "Tonight is not the night for that."
I rub at my shoulder just thinking about it. "No. Can't. Got injured and no one wants a Doctor with shaky hands and a limp."
"My mind’s made up Mum." I don't even need to turn to know that its her who has entered my rooms. There's always been this chill that follows wherever she goes.
"Come along then." Without letting go of his hand I lead him down the trail to the Gardener's shed. "There's a little bit of everything in here. Including a fridge with snacks and beer." I open one for him but just before he grabs it I pull it back a bit and smile. "Uh uh. How do I know you're 18?"
I take the tea from a smiling Greg. "Not funny." I talk softly so I can hear what Sherlock and Mycroft are saying. I have a feeling Greg and I will get along great.
The escape from the wind and a warm body next to me lulled me into a decent nap. I woke when I felt Sherlock moving around. "You ok?"
I stop our kissing for a moment, so I can gather up some saliva and lick a stripe up my hand. I add my wet palm to his hand pressing our dicks together. It's not much but even the small amount of a lube substance is better than dry. The feeling goes from good to great but we need something long-lasting.
"Those bones were fresh when I returned." Gods I wish I could take a small sip to ease the painful thoughts. "Have you been this way often? Is there a place he would be most likely to go?"
I swear I just want to smack him sometimes. "Yeah yeah yeah. Come on Princess." We head for the cottage.
"Apologies, John. I'm just a bit worried about her, that's all. Since my brother is being worse than useless at the moment, I'll take any help you have to offer." I look up at him.
"That -was- the whole reason behind the Ball if you recall. Don't worry, the average engagement lasts at least a year."
"I can imagine that was highly entertaining. So you say this man claimed a military background, but it didn't sit right with you. Tell me - what was amiss?"
I finally manage to haul myself out of the bin - no thanks to John, who just stood there taking pictures... probably sent them to Mycroft, damn him. I rush up to Mrs. Hudson, grabbing her gently by the shoulders. "Are you all right? Have they hurt you?" I look over her for injury.
I huff to myself. After cleaning up the breakfast dishes and cleaning up the kitchen, I've just started sweeping the main room, when there's a knock at the door.
"Very well." With his legs now open I can see his furled entrance is free of all put the sparsest light hair. I rub my fore finger up and down his crack a few times before I circle the entrance. "I want to see you play with yourself as I open you up. Can you do that for me Sherlock?"
I kiss his forehead. "You are a smart one. Sassy but smart." I don't wake up til sometime later and by then it will be too late.
Oh, God... I swallow a much-too-hot mouthful of tea, giving myself a good excuse for the bright red tinge in my cheeks.
I take a quick walk around the outside of the cave but he's nowhere to be found. "Sherlock?" I listen but there's no response. "SHERLOCK!!" Still no response. I only hope the daft fool didn't try to walk home.
“Hold on, love.  It’s late.  I don’t want to go barging into a crime scene in the middle of the night.”
"Balance of probability would've had us dead that first night." I kiss the top his head. "Just because it's probable or isn't doesn't mean it has to or can't happen."
I groan at his attentions - damn, he's good at that - and lean back, my eyes never leaving him. I comb my fingers through his hair softly, and I feel him begin to shiver with the cold. Without a word, I shift one of the blankets to cover most of him. "You're doing so well... now take more." I let my hand rest on the back of his head - not pushing, but the encouragement is still there.
I come back into the camp a couple of hours later, a string of three small fish over my shoulder. I had cleaned them by the river, so they were ready to immediately set by on a stone by the fire to cook. Mycroft had done a good job keeping the fire up, and tending to needed things around camp, too. Once the fish is situated on the fire, I look over to see Mycroft quietly hunched over the journal he brought along.
Another shiver. It takes me a moment to move, but I reach up and grab hold of the bar. I let my head fall forward in an attempt to relax my upper back - I can already tell this is going to be hard on my shoulders, let alone my arse. I close my eyes and wait.
I roll my eyes dramatically. "Don't be ridiculous, Gregory. It's not like I was going home with him..."
"Noooooo. Maybe a wee bit high but not drunk. 'Sides we won’t lose. I never lose." I snuggle partly on top of him and with my face in his neck. "Stop thinking. It's not your thing."
I gasp when he takes me into his mouth. With what little analytical thought i can manage, I try to make a mental note - not only does his mouth feel fantastic, it distracts me from any discomfort I might have felt... which I don't. I open my eyes and look down at him.
On impulse, I grab his hand and dive behind the brush on the other side of the fountain. Just as we are adequately concealed, I see my brother, being lead to the bench where we were just sitting... by Greg.
I wander through the empty rooms of the flat, looking for any minute details that might give us a clue as to what this Moriarty has in mind.
"Now you're just teasing me." I frown. "Fine. I won't use anything but your name." I push him off me, and roll onto my side, facing away from him.
"I'm sorry Gregory. It means something to me when you call me sweet names. It is hard to accept them. I will not attempt to try it again." I lay my head on his shoulder knowing I've killed any amorous mood he may have felt with my pathetic attempt at humor.
I fold my arms in front of me. "Did you not hear me when I said Press? As in the Press is staking out my house and my work looking for any information. Any one seen with me will have their face on the front of tomorrow’s paper."
"I doubt the real Phoenix will even show up, to be honest. He would never have left as he did - without telling Lord Watson his identity - if he didn't have something significant to hide." I huff, as I head out the door.
"Sounds like a case of he-said, she-said to me. Maybe you two should just call it a draw." I move quickly, narrowly missing an elbow in my ribcage.
"I'm sure we can put together something. I think I have enough stew left over from yesterday evening for all of us. Finish your tea, John..." I smile at him.
I look at what I can see of the house. "Round back, should be a door. I'll avoid any windows. Stay right here." I crouch down and start making my way behind the surreally domestic-looking cottage. There's even smoke coming from the chimney.
"No idea what you mean gov." I nod a thanks for the tea then sit at the small table. "So. Enjoy yourself last night? Get to see under the mask, if you know what I mean?"
"Puh-blick. People will see you. With me." I make sure he understands exactly what's in store if we go out.
"Hmm. Yet you asked me if I was working. Was it interest or guilt that made you ask? It was obvious you were not there as a friend of the family."
"Really? Then you must be playing a different game." I put out the fag in the ashtray near the bench. "Cause if -I- wanted to take someone home with me..." I put an arm around his neck and bring him in close to hear me whisper. "I would make more of an effort to grease the wheels I want to be riding later." I take a step back, put on my mask, smack his arse and head back towards the party.
"I believe we started this afternoon with the thought that you were going to distract Irene while I collected a few things from the kitchen." I look at him with a smile, my finger tracing little designs along his chest. "We got distracted ourselves."
"Knife?" I hand him the only somewhat ornamental dagger at my side.  "It would be easier to eat without a mask."
"Yes. No. Maybe. Why does it matter?" Why does it matter to -you-? "It gave me enough liquid courage to return to the Castles to confront you a few days later."
I sit up properly, put my hands on his lips, and slowly lean in to lick the tip of his flush cock. "I knew you'd be delicious."
"Hellllllloooo? Anyone home?" I look around and see none of my well paid for guards in the living room of the house I bought just for this occasion. "Olly-olly-oxen-free." I follow voices to the kitchen.
"I assume, then, I owe you my thanks for keeping my identity out of the paper, then." I toss the paper back onto the table. "I'm sure the chatter will fade in a few days." I sigh.
"John was doing some hunting, and he was... teaching me. Yes, teaching me." I have learned quite a bit, after all... how to start a fire, how to avoid hypothermia by stripping naked and sharing body heat. My mind wanders a minute, until Irene's voice brings me back.
"Look, it's been a long time since he's had anyone he could call a friend. He probably doesn't even know how to be a friend, let alone have one. Be patient with him. Meanwhile, maybe I'll talk to him... discreetly, of course."
I lean against the shower wall as his hands spread lather over me, closing my eyes in enjoyment. "My brother eats them all." I mumble in response to his question.
"Damn. Gonna take it all the way babe? I love the way you do that. You're the only one who can." Most lovers balk at the size of my cock.
My eyes light up. "Do tell." I go back to the couch and sit with my legs crossed under me. "Tellmetellmetellme."
"My father was the tutor to Lord Musgrave's children. When they came of age and no longer needed a tutor, the Lord gave Father a parcel of land, and we have lived comfortably. Though apparently," I wave Mycroft's letter in the air, "all is not as I thought."
"I wanted you to want it. I wanted you to understand that it was more than a ring. As an added bonus, it -may- have been a bit so that others would see it on you. Maybe." I chuckle at the laugh caused by embarrassment of acknowledging my more hidden motive.
I take his cock in hand and start stroking it in counterpoint to my thrusts. With only one hand free I can't grab his hips and pound him like I want to but that's probably a good thing. "Baby, I'm not gonna last long. You look so gorgeous. Feel even better." I start to pant and focus hard on hitting his sweet spot in hopes he'll cum before I do.
"Two sets? Are you sure? Maybe they were both that guard's tracks...  Or maybe there's another guard with him."
"Oh, plenty of herbs grow in the winter. Rosemary, thyme, among others." I pull my cloak around me. "Please, come inside and warm yourselves by the fire." I grab my basket and hurry to the front door, opening it for them.
"I love your brilliant brain as much as that brilliant mouth of yours. Right now however, I only want one working." I lay my chest on his and rub it upwards until my hips hit his shoulders. I grab his wrists and hold them above his head. My weeping cock touches his lips.
I lean over and give him a peck on the lips, escaping just before he can pull me back into bed. "I do love you. But we must."
"Don't be ridiculous, John," I snap, worry beginning to show. "Check her room. See if the bed's been slept in." I continue rummaging through the kitchen, partly for information, and partly to find the blasted biscuits she's been hiding.
"I miss her too Locky." I plate up the food and bring it over to him. "You need to eat. I won't take no for an answer." I sit on my chair and wait for him to get right side up.
My hand touches his when I reach down to grab his penis. He's leaking copious amounts of precum that I spread around the head with my thumb. "In your studies with tha-- Irene... Have you come across any bottles with oils or lotion of some type?"
"All right then. I'll be in my room. Let me know if there's anything you want... or need... during the night." With that, I get up and head to my bedroom, leaving the door slightly open so the heat from the fire can still circulate (of course that's the reason).
"Ah, I didn't think you would believe me, but you are the most beautiful sight in all of Creation." I lower down and nuzzle my cheek against his stomach. "And the way you taste?" I lick a flat stripe from the base of his cock to the tip. "Divine." Before he has a chance to respond I take a breath and take his penis all the way down in one go. When the head hits my throat I swallow around it.
"Why do you want him?" My hand is on my knife hilt ready to defend Sherlock. "And I repeat, who the Hell are you?"
His remark has me rolling my eyes but all warm and fluffy inside. "She maybe got me high but I talked her into it. Now sleep. You've got to meet up with Sherlock's pet tomorrow and I need to plan. And of course I'm cute. Duh. I'm fucking adorable."
"Oh, I wouldn't want to take up any more of your time," I shake my head, starting to move away. "I'm sure I can find the other things on my list." Something about this man is just... too friendly... or I'm just very out of practice dealing with people...
Sherlock gestured to the three candles on his beside table, and John got the hint and went to light them. Sherlock got up and took the two step to his bedside table, and waited until John lifted the middle candle between them.
Startled by his use of the word, John took a moment before he acquiesced the request; and then started humming.
“He’s in that ridiculous club of his isn’t he? In his stuffy office, with all sorts of browns. His scotch, a hundred years old, his desks, his books, dozens of tomes the lazy prig hasn’t even bothered to crack the spines. Fair enough though, eighty-three- no, eighty-nine percent of them are first editions. There are so many types of wood: Oak, Pine, Mahogony, and a variety of lesser known ones. The fat one should know though that he is very probably single handedly responsible for the deforestation in the Middle East and Asia. Which is only slightly more forgivable than the monstrosities the poor trees were turned into.”
“John, I know you haven’t any need for an aural evaluation and yet you insist on making me repeat myself. Why do you persist in this ridiculous Anderson impersonation? Come here and sing to the ducks with me.”
“If you’re still up to it tomorrow, you can give them a reprise then. It’s time for them to rest. It’s time for you to rest.”
John is staring at Sherlock like he very suddenly grew two heads and Sherlock exhales sharply, annoyed.
All he could see was the same coat flared out in much the same manner it had three years ago when he’d jumped from St Bart’s. A flash of Sherlock's skull crushed on the pavement, his dead eyes staring up at nothing crossed his sights, and John began to hyperventilate.
They entered the flat, and Sherlock stopped singing only when they reached the door to 221B, in favor of yelling obscenities about his older brother, pausing only to yell,
"Come along, John" as he charged into his bedroom. When John reaches him, Sherlock is carelessly divesting himself of his clothes, continuing his earlier thoughts on the forests that Mycroft supposedly had a personal hand in destroying because he needed an entire room to announce that he was a ‘very important person.’
Embarrassed, John pulls away. Hugging just simply isn’t the English thing to do. Speaking of which, he’d love nothing more than a cup of tea right now, to perhaps stare into. Anything to avoid looking at his flatmate, who is currently staring at him like he’d just done something interesting. Sherlock looks at John for a minute, scrutinizing and cataloging him and then takes a step towards the waters edge and demands that he serenade the ducks with him.
," a person could be expected to endure before crossing their threshold and having to throw in the towel, and after a week of listening to his flatmate putting about, humming his pointless jingles and placing innumerable ‘decorative’ atrocities about 221B, he’d had enough.
Here Sherlock flaps his arms, imitating birds wings flapping. “Webbed feet. Enjoys swimming. Occasionally used as a Holiday dinner. Or just a regular dinner. To what end, I don’t know. Turkey really is much better. And they’re much more stupid. Of course, I’m really not overly fond of meats..” Maybe it's because of what just happened, but John says yes. “Okay.”
Most of the anger John has pent up these last weeks dissipates as he see the pure, unadulterated and childish joy his friend is exhibiting, and without thinking, John blurts out, amazed, “I didn’t know you could sing.”
Sherlock’s song immediately stops as he adjusts himself so that he is crouching atop the branch facing John. As he saw John, Sherlock’s face visibly lit up.
After a particularly bad row in early December, John and Sherlock weren’t speaking to each other. According to Sherlock, there was only so much “
John didn’t appreciate it, stating that there was nothing wrong with getting into the holiday spirit and trying to spruce up the flat up a bit. As such, Sherlock opted to stay home and experiment, ignoring every case Greg threw in his direction. He claimed that nothing was worthy of his attentions, even when they all knew that over duration of these last weeks, Greg had rarely sent anything less than an eight. No matter the case, Sherlock would pretend to speed read through any file presented to him and promptly throw it back at Lestrade, usually resulting in paper being strewn around  whichever room they were presently occupying with a, “Really, Gareth, you should know better than to send me a three!”
As Sherlock got up, John tried to do some additions in his head. The fare home was already going to be tedious. John thought he might have to cut a few luxuries out of the budget this month. John turned to go and Sherlock walked ahead of him, strides long enough to leave John behind. When John got to the road, a few minutes after Sherlock,  he was only slightly surprised to find one of Mycroft’s cars humming quietly in the taxi’s stead. John got in and sat next to Sherlock who was sitting across from Mycroft's assistant. Sherlock looked directly into the centre of the car’s split screen where there appeared to be a minute wine stain. Oddly enough, Sherlock apparently felt the need to address it. “I’m going to sing Rossini the whole way home.See how you like that, fatty.” He turned to Mycroft’s assistant whose name wasn’t Anthea and pronounced animatedly that she ought to turn up all of her boss’s speaker’s.
John blinks rapidly, coming out of his stupor. Now was not the time to address this issue. It could be dealt with in the morning.
It was Sherlock’s turn to be surprised. He looked a little irritated that John had interrupted, but also delighted that John had conceded. “I don’t know whatever that is, that you’re singing though. So, you’re going to have to pick something else. And I’ll hum. Not sing. We don’t need me scaring off the ducks.”
"No. She took what she wanted from me, then cast me aside. Of course, everyone in court knew I was hers, so even after, no one expressed any interest. I was pretty much shunned. I threw myself into my work, honed my skills at combat and woodsmanship, and figured I'd had my chance and lost it." I looked up at him. "Then I met you."
I continue teasing him. "That will do... for starters." Before he has a chance to respond, I take him all the way, swallowing around him.
"I am aware, John." I try to sound confident, but I don't think it's working. "I would like for you..." I start to say, but am too embarrassed to continue.
"No, Gregory," I kiss him on the forehead. "Tongues will wag if I'm seen leaving your home so early in the morning. You do have a bit of a reputation, you know." I wink at him. "Best I leave under cover of darkness."
"Mmm... yes..." I mumble. The sting of his fingernails against my skin and the ache of my arse as he grinds it into the mattress is the perfect counter-point to the intensity of his beautiful arse. I grip his thighs firmly and thrust up against him just a little more.
All I can do is hold him, his head against my chest. "If you're sad you're sad. It's ok." The bitch tried to kill him. Well, she had him killed, or tried to have him killed. In any matter I'm glad she's gone.
"I guess you could if you'd feel more comfortable there. I was hoping you'd join me in the bed and we could do a bit more of what we started in the kitchen earlier." I get up from the floor and sit next to him on the sofa. "I don't want to push you. I do however want to continue what we started in the kitchen."
"Assistant? Hmpf. He tried to pretend he was a cop. Just like you're trying to pretend I care bout what you want." I make a point to look at my nails and pretend to clean them. "The info you want don't come free."
I shiver as he moves around me, petting and stroking my bare skin. I bite my lip as he slips the cock ring in place, both anticipating and dreading what's coming next.
"You're gorgeous like this. All strength and grace." The next smack is across his other upper thigh. Then another right above it where the crease is that separates the thigh from the glutes. "Halfway there." I stretch myself along his back and hold him for a moment. The paddle is pressed against his chest and I listen to his heart beat.
"Don't be silly, John. How dangerous can a single woman be?" I roll my eyes at him. She looks harmless enough, and as we enter her cabin, I can see that she has bundles of various herbs hanging to dry... some medicinal, some culinary... and a few I can't identify.
I help him get off me without further injury to either if us. "Oh, well I guess you'll want to follow him... The one who brought you here... Your date." I brush leaves and dirt off my backside. William is still quite clean since he was on me instead of the dirt.
It's been a long and grueling couple of days. The last rainstorm caused me to lose my bearings and washed my arrows away. I spot a small cave that I hope to the Gods is free from any hibernating animals since it’s my only hope to survive another night in this frozen forest.
"Now, John." I say seriously, my words interspersed with licks along his cock. "I can only do one thing at a time" *lick* "Do you want me to talk, or..." I take him as far as I can into my mouth, my tongue still working against him as he just touches the back of my throat.
I twirl around in victorious glee. "I TOLD YOU! Now we just have to figure out where it is. Smoke means a cabin or a campsite or something, right?" I look around for a rock outcropping or something, so I can get a higher vantage point.
"Uh uh. She's like a Grandma out of a fairytale. She's smart and manipulative and is the reason I'll have to send our ex-guards far far away." Sleep is returning for me quickly. "I'm gonna keep her. We made a bet."
I stare blankly at Mrs. Hudson, then Jim, then John, then Seb, and back. "I'm sorry, what about a wager? What is this nonsense about Moriarty moving into Baker Street with us?"
"Uncomfortable? No. But why? Surely there are others who..." I stare into the fire quietly. I don't want him to think I would -want- sleeping with someone else.
I roll my hips astride him, his cock rubbing against all the right places inside me. I press his hands to my hips, letting him guide my movements. If I had the presence of mind, I'd realize that my movements are exactly what he has done when astride me. And the sounds he's making are much like my own.
I tug Sherlock back when he starts to follow her. "I don't like this. Something’s wrong. We need to leave as soon as possible. Ok?" I put my arm around him and we slowly make our way to the house.
I grab his hand and roughly pull him back down next to me. "No, your land is what you HAVE, not what you ARE." I stress to him. "I want YOU, not what you HAVE. You could be as poor as I am, and I wouldn't care."
I set my bag on Irene's chair to her to figure out what I'd found, and let John pull me into the bedroom. He sits next to me on the bed, and I curl up against him. "It seems like forever since I saw my brother."
Don't plan to. I hum around the dick hitting my throat to counteract any pain from adding the tip of my pinky into his arse.
I woke up to the dawn light coming into the cave. After gently moving the octopus named Sherlock, I went out to see what I could find nearby. Thankfully we weren't far from a river and there were plenty of dry branches that had been sheltered from the snow. By the time Sherlock woke up I had started a fire.
"I required you to leave Baker St for a while. I need to teach him a lesson about not taking care of his toys. He really needs to pay more attention. Ever since he got with the good DoctorSoldier he hasn't paid much mind to anyone-- I mean anything, else."
Seeing my cavemate for the first time almost takes my breath away. He looks as posh as he sounds in the dark. "Morning. I'd offer you some tea but I'm fresh out."
"Nah. I'm just visiting family. Nice to get out once in a while. Told 'em my guy likes real milk and made a run for it." Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock... So obvious.
Mmmm "very, yes." I can feel her giggling a bit before she tugs gently on my hair to get me to look at her. The longer I gaze into her eyes I see that I've been looking at her all wrong. Her eyes aren't brown, they're a mix of blue and green and gold. Her dark hair goes just to the back of her neck in perfect ringlets. Her neck is long and pale and so very kissable looking. "Can I kiss you?"
Irene goes to her room sans Sherlock who's obviously awake but pretending to be asleep. "Sherlock?" I whisper so that Woman won't hear me, "what's going on?"
"What are you on about?" I start searching the kitchen for biscuits he's always got stashed somewhere.
"It looks like someone, at least, came through this way." I point at some long-broken branches in the brush. I carefully lead Daisy down the path, keeping Mycroft as near as possible. Daisy seems to find it entertaining to try to nibble at Mycroft's hair as we walk, and I stifle a giggle.
"In Afghanistan. IED. Took down most my men. I survived." I rarely speak of those days and don't want to now either.
"Ha. Oh dear Martha. You are a fun one. There's an opening in my business if you're interested. We could use some old school talent like yours."
I put my knees to either side of his thighs and begin to snog him senseless. "Very romantic Gregory."
I try not to but I had to chuckle at his question. "Yes, you can keep your socks. They will help you stay warm as long as they're dry." I take his jacket and lay it down where mine was before I put it over the bedding.
I grab either side of his face and give him a bruising kiss. "How did I get so lucky?" I get off him and the bed and find a flannel to wipe us both down. I can feel his eyes looking at my arse and I blush. "I'm not beautiful like you but I like to believe I make up for it in muscle." It's more like I wish I could believe it.
I fold my arms across my chest. "I can and I will." I unfold and reach out to take Locks hand. "Go get what you'll need for a few days while your brother and I talk. We'll send someone for the rest of your belongings later."
"Tsk, tsk. No one is all bad," I get up and squeeze onto the sofa next to him, rearranging him so he's sitting upright, and I have an arm around his shoulders. "Even Frank had his good points," I say, thinking back wistfully. I give Jimmy's shoulders a squeeze. "You just need to find something that you're good at."
I reach over and touch his shoulder. "I just want to be accepted... and to be able to be with you." I say quietly.
"As warm and comfortable as we are," I sigh. "I should get up. I might be able to catch us some fresh meat for dinner. Will you eat if I catch some fish?" I kiss him on the cheek.
I take his lack of response to mean he's ok with the current configuration. A twig pokes my hip so I shift away from it and right into his hip bone. Wait, that would mean he has three hip bones and this one is much
"It'll be fine once we put your coat over it." After we're done making up a bed I take a quick look at the rabbits that are cooking nicely.
I pull away suddenly, and jump up from the couch. "I really need to check on John." I say and quickly hurry from the room before she can stop me.
"Hmm, what was that?" My mind had been completely focused on the hare and how best I could use it to hide the flavor of those twigs of his.
I throw my head back with a groan as the pleasure breaks and I slam into him one last time, cumming hard. My fingers are dug so hard into his hips I'm sure he'll have bruises for days, but he's never complained before. I slump over his back, my head resting between his shoulder blades as I catch my breath,
"Then you're gonna have to stop what you're doing sweetheart." I smile slyly as I take his hand off my cock and take turns sucking each digit into my mouth.
"Is the Pope Catholic??" Really. Sometimes I wonder how much of an idiot I am. I pull out the gun and show it to him. "Locked and loaded."
"I've read about the proper way to clean and prepare rabbit, of course, but I have no practical experience." I hold up the carcass. I pull out the dull little knife Mycroft left with me, and lay the rabbit on a nearby flat rock, and set to work attempting to clean and dress it properly.
His wiggling causes his penis to swing back and forth a bit which makes me chuckle a bit. The laughing stops once our dicks align. A zing goes up my back and I'm instantly completely hard again. "Fuck." I rock my hips against his a few times then draw back.
I tear off a small bite of dry toast and wash it down with tea. "There. I ate. Now back to the favor. I must tell you the whole story but I ask that you first give me your word you'll help."
I chuckle to myself, my teeth grazing over his ear. My hand slips under the blanket and brushes over his hip. "Time to get up, Lords." I purr.
"Best to just stay under covers." I grab his arse and role on top of him. "We all know how much you like to be under..." I squeeze his arse tightly.
"Something I saw that I wish to record in case some day my memory abandons me." I close the book and return it to the pack. My hand grazes the wine skin but I leave it be.
I whimper when he pulls away. My cock has apparently recovered, and the rocking made me even harder.
"Poor baby. You don't seem happy ‘bout how I'm fucking you. Want me to stop?" I punctuate my words with a twist of my hips.
I switch back to the other side and caress his cheek with the paddle. I wait almost a minute, just when he starts squirming, to pull my hand back and barely tap him. Then I do it again but at full strength. "Such a good fishy. You should see this arse. The bubble butt all red and glowing." A weird thought of a glowing red goldfish crosses my mind. I wonder what I would need to create one.
I grab him tightly and squeeze. I'll ignore his brother losing him comment for now. "Ya well good for you I know the benefits of keeping a posh git nearby. For example, there's not enough meat on your bones to eat but they'd make proper kindling."
I return with a paddle in one hand and a long sash in the other. "Bad boys get punished. Were you a bad boy?"
My mind is whirling. "If you come to me not because you need the work, then..." I look at him, a glimmer of hope in my eyes.
"Yes. Every man in the district is probably there, trying to make you think they are The Phoenix." I shake my head sadly. "I knew you wouldn’t find me, of course, but I guess I hoped you would find someone of a social standing that your family approved of."
I take the bowl and bread and tuck into my meal. I taste carrots, turnip... maybe a parsnip? And a variety of herbs I can't identify. It's really quite tasty, and though I'm loath to admit it, I am pretty hungry. I make quick work of the food, setting my empty bowl on the table when I'm finished.
My breath is ragged and nerves are shot. I sneak out the secret door behind the basin in the loo. "Psst. Harry." I whisper yell at my sister after I get out of the hidden hallway that leads to her restroom. She doesn't wake so I try gain. "Harry?" nothing "Harry!" nothing "HARRY!" ah, now she's awake.
I rock slowly at first. I keep changing the angle minutely until he clenches up and moans loudly. Now that I know I'm hitting his good spot I speed up my pace.
I put my hands on his shoulders loosely, so we can mildly rock against each other as we go back to kissing. I had allowed him to lead the kiss long enough, so I take control for a moment. I dip my tongue into his mouth then trail the tip along the roof of his palette. I tease it along the edge of his teeth before I withdraw to suck in his bottom lip and worry it gently. I try to keep track of what he responds best too but soon lose track as I get lost in sensation.
"No, no. If you helped make it I trust it." It seems they got up to doing a lot the one day I was gone.
"Sherlock, love, look at me." His hand pauses and he looks at me. "You are lovely. You are smart. And yes, you do have an attitude that can be hard to get past but it's worth it." My words are interspersed with kisses.
"Who was I going to tell? You're the only one who knows I... do what I do." I have not quite been able to call myself what I am.
I arch up, thrusting up into him as much as I am able, watching the blissful look on his face as he rides me.
His words make me laugh. "Got it. No Doctor Watson. So I'll tell you what I'm going to do right before I do it but no narrative." My thumbs are stroking his knuckles and I can't stop thinking how did I get so lucky as to find him. Not just once, but twice. "I'll trust you to tell me if you need me to stop or slow down or if you just don't like something I'm doing." He nods an agreement. "I also -need- you to tell me when I do something you very much like. Will you do that love?"
I'm more worried about Sherlock's friend - John, he calls him - than about Sherlock harming either of us. I nod to Mycroft.
"Hello, Mycroft. Thank you for your ever so spontaneous offer." I sneer at Sherlock for his meddling. "I was just talking to your dear brother about the Ball last night. Turns out Lord Watson was quite smitten by a particular guest, but no one knows who he really was or where he could be found."
I sneak into my brother's room to take a look for myself in his full-length mirror. The mask is blood red, with enough black around the edges to blend very nicely with my curls. The jacket is a plain black - which is good, because the only dress trousers I have are plain black, too. And the shirt... damn, that red silk is a perfect match for the mask. It fits snugly, but not unpleasantly so. I brush over suit as I turn in the mirror, looking at myself from every possible angle. I jump when Greg appears next to me - I hadn't heard him come in.
"Maybe she's off doing the shopping. It seems she's out of eggs. And milk." I say around my mouthful of biscuits while looking in the refrigerator. "Check and see if her car keys are still in the basket by the door, John.
I'm starting to whine when he swats me hard. "Four." I shift my knees slightly, trying to get a little bit more comfortable without moving much.
"Aww, how sweet. You're jealous of John!" I smile over the teacup. "I can understand why, though. That Sherlock is certainly a catch. A very useful boy, too. Did he tell you how we met?"
I pull my hand out and stop sucking him off. I grab the oil and put a bit more on my hand so I can lube myself up more. I can't help but crawl over him so I can kiss him again. "Ready my love?"
"Wha--" Before I have a chance to say or do anything he has us pulled in between two bushes. Somehow I end up with the bony git on top of me.
"Whatever." I watch him open the email from Anthea and scroll through the CCTV "Is that us? I look hideous in that green jumper. Why didn't you say anything?" He, of course, is as beautiful as always.
"It's part of having my wicked way with that wicked mouth. It's part establishing the fact that I will do my best to make you feel good in every way possible." I duck my head and mumble the last reason.
I have to keep reminding myself to focus completely on Locky. My dick is throbbing and I desperately need relief. I redouble my efforts on his penis now using both my hands. "Please baby. Let go. It'll feel so good."
I push his shoulders down as I get on top of him. "Have I lied to you yet? I'm going to fuck you so hard. I'll make you feel so good you'll be able to think of nothing but me." I run my thumb along his bottom lip. "I want to hear my name come out of those pretty lips of yours."
Ha! That's an understatement. "If you don't work you don't eat. Simple as that." Even if you work your arse off sometimes you still don't get to eat. I see a couple of snowflakes fall to the ground. "Starting to snow."
"I want... you. Please..." My voice trembles, both with need and the tiniest amount of fear. I hope beyond hope that my request is something he is agreeable to, that my inexperience won't frighten him away.
I put my hand on the base near his balls and squeeze mildly. "I want to make you cum just like this. I want you to fill up my mouth and ruin me for anyone else too." I return to his cock and take it into my mouth. I wrap my lips around the head and suck as I put my tongue against the vain that's pulsing on the underside.
I quietly follow Jamie to the back of the store, where I presented with a wall of various milk products. I sigh as I stare at it. "What kind of milk should I get for tea?" I ask him quietly.
"Tsk! No need for all that silliness. John, put that away and help Sherlock out of the bins. Dinner is ready!" I drag Sebastian back inside by the wrist.
I put my hands behind my back and scuff the toe of my loafers against the floor tile. "I can't do that. Sherlock would get mad and never speak to me again."
"All right. Irene is probably waiting on us." I get up from the bench and take his hand, letting him lead me indoors.
"If that's what you want, dear," I shrug. "But I'm going to go take a hot bath and go to bed, if that's all right."
I laugh at his jaded but often correct deduction. "Maybe he isn't some married jack off. Maybe he's a young man looking for love but afraid now that he's possible found it."
“Oh, you know…” I wave dramatically at the living room. “Cleaning. Oh, and I finally finished letting out those pants you asked me to fix.” I took a deep breath, trying to hide my nerves. “I did a bit of reading. Early night, actually.”
"Oh. Good. That’s good. Yeah." I blush as I realise I implied he was capable of killing a man for hire. For the greater good? Sure. But not for hire. "Sorry love. Guess I got carried away."
I do to him what he has done to, for, me before. I grab his hips and turn us around so that I can pound into him. As I do so I grab his cock and stroke the shaft in time to my thrusts.
I shake my head. "You will always be welcome. It is as much your home as mine, and always shall me." I take the chance and put my hand on his shoulder, and watch as John stiffens, alert to our movements. "I believe that your actions were not of your own choice, but that you were unable to disobey her command. John, however, may need convincing."
I roll onto my back with a hiss as the sheets hit my tender arse, feeling more like sandpaper than satin.
I continue to stare at him in disbelief. "People can't get past my behavior most of the time. Though I have been called creepy, and gangly. Never beautiful." I run my fingers along his stomach, tracing lower.
"Uh. No, they don't. We agreed on 48 hours. I aquired you at 4:04pm. That gives them 2 hours and 46 minutes." How dare she try to cheat me? Me??
"There have been no others but you. You will be the first to tell me my most annoying traits. I'm positive you already know a few." I turn onto my back and look at the clouds roll by.
Without thinking, I shift my feet further apart as his hands drift lower, rubbing over my arse and thighs all everything between them.
"Okiedokie. Best of luck to you." Borrrring. So borrrring. Shopping for milk?? Poor Sherlock. Such a sad ending for what promised to be such an entertaining story. I shake my head softly before an idea pops in my mind.
I bump his shoulder with mine and look away a bit to hide my smile. "Nah. It's a nice night for a walk."
"Of course they do," I comment as I grab a biscuit. "Whatever would I do without funny old Sherlock and his flatmate? Always good to have a doctor in the house at my time of life, after all."
I am confused by the emotional turmoil in my head. "I always thought she was my mother. Neither Father nor Mycroft ever told me otherwise. Knowing she wasn't explains a lot of things, actually. But it still bothers me that she's dead. Should it still bother me?" I ask him.
"Ha! Dear Gods No! You're not the Holmes I'm going to bed." I walk my fingers down his arm to the tray of biscuits. "Besides I said itty bitty thing and I've seen you naked while swimming. It's not itty or bitty."
"Ok. You -might- be right. Don't rush off to conclusions yet. Let's think about this calmly, rationally, over a cup of tea." I'm more worry about Sherlock doing something rash than I am Mrs. Hudson being a victim of foul play. I simply can't imagine anyone who would want to hurt her.
I stand in front of him, hands on my hips in frustration. "I will do no such thing." I can see the twitch of his hand. "Give me your flask."
I stop chewing and swallow my food nearly whole to respond. "New delivery guy? What happened to Andrew? He's been working there for years now."
My eyes light up at the thought. "Really? I would love to take some home with me... I bet these would make a fantastic peach tart."
"N-no... just surprised me. I wasn't expecting... that. Do continue..." I focus on relaxing against the wall again.
I run my hand up from ankle to knee and back down again a few times. "We don’t have to. I'd like to though, but it's not a requirement." I get up a moment so I can pick up his legs and sit back down with them on my lap. "Is this ok?"
"Yeah, will do." I fidget with the bag as we wait for Myc. "You know why we're going to the Castle. You could save all of us a bunch of time if you just..."
"So, what's in it for me, if I teach you how to capture the attentions of your blond friend out there?"
"Sherlock. Stop." It's obvious he may have read about it but doing it is completely different. Once I finish skinning the other hare I set it next to the first. "Here, we'll do it together. Follow my lead."
I shudder, arching my back against his thrusts. My breath is coming in gasps as each thrust slams over my prostate, that sweet release getting ever closer, again. His words shatter what little control I had, and my mind reels as I cum, every muscle in my body tensing.
I huff. "It wouldn't have taken much effort to lose me. Even my brother managed it." I pull the blankets closer around us to keep him in bed with me.
I lean against a tree and watch Lock bend and stretch. All sorts of thoughts go through my head. Starting with stripping him out of those clothes and ending with a cigarette.
"I... well... all right, I guess." I hesitantly start to undress. I can't believe I'm doing this. Mycroft would be mortified. Hell, I'm mortified. I can't believe I'm getting naked with a man I hardly know... I'm going to huddle with him for warmth under a pile of clothing... I shake my head. "I keep my socks, right?"
Tonight I was going to see if my practicing had paid off. I look up and wait til he looks back at me. Once he does I put both my hands on his hips and slowly sink down til my bottom lip brushes against his balls. The feeling of fullness, and a bit of self-satisfaction, causes me to moan which comes out in a hum.
John Watson didn’t want an omega slave. He didn’t even want a slave. Although he had grown up in a family that owned slaves, he did not like the idea of caring for someone who would be wholly dependent on him and that he would own. Owning a human being, regardless of being an omega, was horrific in John’s eyes. That’s why, when he received a letter from the British government telling him that he’d been given money to purchase an omega as thanks for his service, John was angry. “I don’t want a slave,” he lamented to his friend, Mike Stamford.
“Sometimes three days…. More if I was bad. I think they just forgot. Slaves aren’t important, you know,” Sherlock replied quietly, avoiding John’s gaze.
At this, the omega’s pale cheeks flushed a pretty rosy color and he looked away, dark lashes fluttering. “Thank you, Jawn.”
“I-I…. I’m so sorry, Sherlock… that must have been so hard. That was very cruel and to perform the abortion with no medical supplies and medicine was very dangerous. You could have been damaged for life. Were the other abortions performed in a medical office?”
“Oh god… Sherlock,” John moaned, sinking down beside Sherlock and running his hands over the flawless, hairless chest. Underneath his touch, Sherlock groaned with pleasure. John felt long, slender fingers playing with the collar of his jumper, tugging at it, and with a growl of arousal, John pulled off the jumper and his undershirt, revealing his tanned chest, the muscles rippling beneath the skin.
I look him right in the eye. "6:30." I say sternly, my hands on my hips. "Or do you really need to cheat to win?"
I walk over to Mycroft and put my arms around his shoulders. "Ever think, maybe, they'd be good for each other? Lord Watson was so smitten he was willing to go back to Hell if he had to live without him."
"Sure, John. Sherlock, be a dear and keep an eye on the stew for me? I don't want it to burn." I follow John out back.
I press a little further until just the tip of my finger enters him. I palm the head of his penis while I wait for him to relax. Once I feel some pressure release I go in to my second knuckle then back to the first a few times.
"Yes. You will." I stand where he can see me and stroke myself. "Hmm. Maybe, when I'm done taking care of you, I will take care of myself. Just let you watch."
"I happen to like that green jumper on you. Brings out your eyes," I say without looking at him. I speed up the footage a bit, watching as John and I leave and enter the flat several times, and Mrs. Hudson's friend Mrs. Turner stops by (presumably to gossip about her 'married ones' and interrogate Mrs. Hudson about John and I). Then I freeze the video. "Who is that?" I point out a sharply dressed man with dark hair. "Too short to be my brother. Did we have any clients yesterday?"
"Cute. So not some tabloid? You sure?" It's tantalizing how I can see his mouth and color of his eyes and nothing else. I want to see all of it but not if he's some tabloid nutter fanboy.
"Are you calling me a liar Gregory Lestrade? If I must learn to accept the truth that you enjoy me then you must learn to accept that I will not lie -to you- even when it is best I do so." I huff at his double standards.
"We should put my Mum out of her misery." I stretch out my legs so that the foot rest comes up and we are as reclined as possible. "But that can wait."
The old lady grabs my wrist and pulls my arm down, taking my sight off Dr. Watson. I look at her, mouth agape. "What are you doing?!?" I say, exasperated.
I pull my hands from his neck and place them in his. "If I were to have children, which I guarantee I will not, this would have gone to the oldest. Instead I wish it to go to you." I drop the Holmes Ring in his hand. It fits my thumb, so it should be safe to assume it would fit one of his fingers. "I can get you a proper chain for around your neck. Or you can choose not to wear it. You could put it in a box somewhe—"
"That sounds miserable." I frown and look up at the sky. "If only the cloud cover would burn off - then we would have a better chance of finding our way back." I shove my hands into my pockets in an attempt to keep them warm and come across a crumbled piece of paper in one of the pockets. I pull it out and unfold it, reading the letter Mycroft wrote.
"I would never do that!" I'm appalled he'd even think that of me. "No... I was... well... Lady Smallwood took me in when I was just a young man..." I rake my fingers nervously through my hair, unable to look him in the eye. I may not have been paid in coin, but I sold myself nonetheless.
I encourage Gregory to kiss all his discomfort into me. "Soon. One more. Can you do that for me? Take one more?"
I shake my head. "You have to eat, Mycroft." I say quietly, taking a drink of water and getting to my feet. "Let's go, then." I hold Daisy's reins. "You ride up front this time, darlin'. It'll be more comfortable for you."
"You came back to me. Good fishy." I raise my arms and make grabby hands until he picks me up and carries me to bed.
I fumble for the right words. "I will have no heirs to give it to." I say quietly, glancing over at John, who is watching us intently, as though waiting for something to happen. I look back at Mycroft, as recognition flashes across his face. "The only thing I want is to have my brother back."
I circle my finger around his rim before I slowly add another. When I do I nip his bottom lip to side track his attention a moment. "You’re doing so good love.'
I whimper a little, then push back against his fingers. Letting go of my own cock, I move my oiled hand to his, grasping it gently, and start slowly stroking him.
"As skilled as you are with your hands, Mycroft, I think I want more than that tonight." I loosen the drawstring on my trousers. "Your mouth is just as talented, after all."
"Definitely. I bet when the morning paper came out, his wife gave him an earful." I chuckle to myself.
"Then. First thing I am going to do is put that beautifully long cock of yours into my mouth and give you the best blow job until you cum down my throat. It will help your body and mind relax so I can prep your lush arse to take me." He quickly goes from nodding along to huge open eyes. "Good. You are paying attention."
"I heard what you mother said. She's right - I'm not worthy of someone like you." I flop onto the sofa, unable to look him in the eye.
"Maybe later, ok." I take the oil from him so I have something to fiddle with while we talk. "Umm... What do you know about... Umm..."
"Some men don't get the subtleties - you have to be very specific and direct with them. And things said... ahem... in the bedroom, don't count. If you love him, tell him. If you don't, let him go. It's really quite simple." I shrug. "I don't know why some people make it so complicated. It took an age for Sherlock and John to get to that point. Even that horrible brother of Sherlock's recognized it before they did."
"I know what you're doing love. But you need to actually eat." I use a tactic that has worked a few times; sidetrack him into forgetting he's not eating. "There was a new delivery guy today. Former Corporal Seb Kale... Or Kalle... Something like that. Seemed quite old to be discharged recently and only a Corporal."
"Yes, I insist. I may be slow in most things, but I think I have the edge on you in tracking someone." I whisper in his ear. "Now go to sleep."
It takes great strength to not roll my eyes as Sherlock would. "Thank you. Water would be lovely." I use what he has referred to as my 'Posh' Voice.
I redouble my efforts, swallowing around him again, and pressing my fingertips just behind his balls.
I step outside to retrieve the morning paper, and sit down to read it - it's a rare treat to get to read it first, after all. I gasp when I see that splashed across the front page is a full color photograph of John, those beautiful blue eyes of his gleaming in mirth, as he danced... WITH ME!
"What if-" I take a deep breath. "What if you didn't have to pay me?" I close my eyes and wait for whatever rejection is to come.
Within moments I pulled my fingers out of his mouth and reached between us. I lifted my arse and made a long moan sound when I thrust two digits into myself deeply. His eyes opened quickly and I was unsure if he had expected this to be the way I was going to fuck that attitude out of him.
My eyes barely open to his voice. "Yes I'll make tea in a moment." I finally got to sleep just as the birds started their incessant chirping.
I move quietly to the cave-side of the fire, trying to keep most of my nudity hidden. My cheeks are flushed with embarrassment.
"Are you serious? He tried to kill you." He sent a Guard out to find him. A guard! "Maybe he wants to make sure you're dead." Maybe I should take care of the guards.
I set the paddle next to him and pet his back side when I get behind him. With his head down and arse up I can't see his face but I know well the expression he's wearing. "It's been too long hasn't it. I've been neglectful and will make it up to you. It's a good thing you don't have to sit while tending bar ‘cause you won't be sitting comfortably for a while." I reach a lubed hand between his legs and fasten the cock ring.
"Though this is quite delicious it's a bit brisk. I've heard of a hot spring nearby. Would the rumor be true?" Some heat would be nice.
I growl and look up at him. "Come on my cock, sir. I need it, sir... please..." I'm not going to last much longer, so if my begging is what he needs, he'll get it.
"You just don't have a good point of reference. You never saw me at 18. Using that comparison, yes, I have developed a paunch." I kiss his neck, my stubble grazing over it softly as I work my way to his ear. "I'm told I was much sexier then."
"Good night, Jimmy. I'm sure your man will be home soon enough." I smile as I head upstairs to my room.
"If you would just tell him, or Lord Watson, then all this fuss will be over with." I have to agree with him about his brother’s attitude making things difficult but Sherlock is just as stubborn.
"Let's start with the one we have available, ok? Use your knife to try to get a decent sized piece of bark." I should probably save time and go myself but he needs to learn. "Don't go to far. And for goodness sake leave any poisonous mushrooms alone."
"We??" I am thoroughly shocked that this man things I'm sharing a bed - or a stack of twigs and leaves - with him. "Are you serious? We've only just met, and you think I will share a bed with you?"
Setting the roast down, I smile sweetly at Jim. "I told you they would be here." I walk up to Seb and lower his gun (much to his surprise).
"You really think you can over power me?" I hook my leg behind his ankle and flip us over. "You're so cute when you're... Cute." I kiss the tip of his nose before I kiss his throat.
I sweep past John and look through the kitchen. "She's not been here at all this morning. The kettle is cold, and breakfast wasn't made." I note, looking wildly around the room.
"I'll be right back love. Ten, twenty minutes, tops." I kiss him one more brief time before I reapply his mask. "Right back." I open the curtain and follow Harry to wherever Mum is waiting.
It takes me a few tries, and eventually help from Gregory to get up on Daisy. "Do you call everyone by those pet names?" I finally settle into the saddle but I was not as prepared as I thought I was for Gregory to get behind me and snug himself as close to me as possible. Unable to scoot up at all I resign myself to my dubious fate of feeling him against me for the foreseeable future.
I huff at her in complete exasperation. "With any luck maybe next time I won't be sent home wounded. Now leave me. I have to pack."
With a grin, I climb over him, pushing him onto his back into the pillows. "You did say I could ruin you later... I choose now." I nip along his collar bone.
I must look like a deranged fish with dark crumbs coming out of my mouth as I just stood there and stared.
I huff. "He might not be getting shot at as often, but being around my brother long enough isn't much better." I get up from my seat, shrugging his arms off. "And then there's the matter of finances. That will be complicated..."
I look at him in shock. "I-I can't do that, brother. You've already sacrificed so much for me. Don't think I don't know that it was you taking care of me all these years, not our parents." I consider reaching over and putting a hand on his shoulder, but worry what John and the Guard captain might think, and how they might react. "The guard with you... he told us Mummy is dead. What happened to her?"
I look at him, a little worried. "You seem... different. You OK?" I pet his hair. "What sort of bet did you make?"
I wrap my arms and legs tightly around him as he collapses limply on my heaving chest. "Mmmmm" is the only sound I can manage.
"Mmmm uh uh. I'm comfy." I shuffle a bit more into the warm mass surrounding me. "Five more minutes."
"Yes, you. You are brilliant, kind, gentle... all the things I wish others could see in me." I reach over and put my hand over his. "And if paying you is the only way I can have that, then I'll gladly do it."
Dear deluded Mrs. Hudson. If she only knew how nasty Locky can be when he doesn't get his way. "What should I have the cook bring? We can go for a walk while we're waiting."
I lay over the top of him and kiss between his shoulder blades. "14 it is." When I return to kneeling behind him I take a moment to grab his arse and massage it. It's solid muscle, like the rest of him, but the only place he doesn't have very many scars. I've often wondered if he wears every battle he's ever been in. Between the broken bones, nasty scars, and the complete apathy I found him in, he was lucky I took him in and made him my own. I saw his potential and he lived up to it. It's times like this I have to, no I get to, remind him.
I put my head on the back of the sofa and just start to drift off with one hand running up his leg and the other resting on his foot. "Good. I want everything I do to you to feel nice. Or better than nice." His regal features are enhanced by the glow of the fire light. After a while my back starts to ache in this position. "Be a dear and go sleep in the bed so you're not all cramped up tomorrow."
"Why don't you all take a break. I'll have any possible candidates come back later so you don't have to be here for a while."
"After Ginny moved away, I was heart-broken. Just... lost. My father needed help with the bakery, doing deliveries and such, so I pitched in. I was making a delivery to the Smallwood Estate – they were having some sort of big party. Natalie – she’s the head of staff for them – said that Lord and Lady Smallwood had a terrible row. Lord Smallwood had locked himself in his study, and Lady Smallwood had pretty much yelled at everyone by that afternoon. Even fired the stable boy, I heard.” I shrug. “A few days later, a messenger shows up on my father’s doorstep, telling him I’d been summoned by Lady Smallwood. I’m thinking she needs a new stable boy, and I’d been looking for work anyway, so of course, I hopped on Daisy and rode there as quickly as she could manage.”
I put my hand close to his leg when I scoot forward to turn the stew pot closer. "Really? How did you get lost sweetling? Oh, it was the snow storm I'm sure. Why were you traveling in this weather anyways?"
"NoPe." I plant a series of kisses on his neck. "I don't want you to work anymore. It's boring. You need to stay here and play with me and Martha."
"A bed of twigs and leaves? That sounds uncomfortable, but admittedly, better than the cold ground."
"It's all right - you have no way of knowing. Not like it comes up in conversation... or like we ever have conversations..." I shrug as I set my heels into the mare's sides, and she starts off at a brisk walk. It must have surprised Mycroft, as he quickly went from lightly resting his hands on my hips to wrapping his arms around my waist and holding on for dear life. "Not used to riding, I take it?" I chuckle.
"William!" I call out for the third or fourth time. "Where are you?" I've walked in on two couples in flagrante and an overly-intoxicated Mr Smallwood taking a nap in the alcoves. As I turn to go towards the balcony my foot grazes something on the ground and it slides under a bench. My heart breaks when I kneel to find the Phoenix mask. Like me, it was abandoned by its owner.
"I've scheduled a few to return tomorrow at 7am. Lord Watson leaves at 9am, assuming he doesn't find the guy." I hand the folder with the basic info of the twenty candidates to my new assistant. "Speaking of... Have you seen Lord Watson? He should've been back hours ago."
I see Sebastian as he walks past the kitchen window, and hurry to the back door. I fling it open, one hand on my hip, a lunch bag in the other, and a stern look on my face. "Your lunch, young man. I went to all the trouble to make it... the least you could do is take it with you."
He looks as pleased as a cat with cream when he's finished. "Brilliant." I show him how to put leaves over the meat, so it will cook more evenly. "Now by the time we set up the bed our food will be ready."
"I'm close. Too close." I put my hands on his hips and pull him down hard as I arch up. He rakes his nails down my arm and the perfect mix of pain and pleasure causes me to finally explode.
"Come now, John. I doubt your password is all that difficult." I try a few easy choices, which predictably fail. "A-ha!" I cry out, lunging at the keyboard once more. I type in "DrJHWatson2004" and grin widely as I am granted access. "You'll have to try harder next time," I wink at him.
"You’re incorrigible." I step into his space so we are flush against each other. My attraction for him makes itself known as run my thumbs along his hip bones.
I grab a flannel to rinse all the soap off of him. I take my time making sure his penis is free of the gel as well. "First I'm going to lick that plump arse of yours, then I'm going to suck that long cock before I return to opening you up with my fingers and tongue."
After we walk for quite some time I see smoke from a chimney. There are a few smaller buildings around it, one is obviously a garden house.
"Let. Me. Help." I lean in and kiss his cheek softly. "I'm not leaving you here. I need you to help me find your brother." I move closer to him and put my arms around him gently, holding him to me.
I open my eyes to find myself staring into the depths of his as he repeatedly swallows me with ease. I arch my back with a moan as my orgasm breaks over me, my hand forcing Mycroft down for a few seconds longer as I spill down his throat. Every muscle stiffens, then melts as pleasure courses through me. As I relax, I resume softly petting his hair, letting him come up to breath as I stroke his cheek.
"Most fish is hard to eat, unless you have the tools to properly filet it, which I don't. On the plus side, it cooks a lot quicker than, say, rabbit.”
"I don't know. Seems as though I wouldn't be welcomed back with open arms, doesn't it?" His blond hair is brushing softly against my jaw, and I resist the urge to nuzzle into it. "Perhaps this would be a good time for me to acquire some practical knowledge of the world."
I grab the fruit and move to sit beside the mat. "Are you going to actually eat it?" I take a grape and pop it into his mouth when he opens it to answer.
anyone to know you see him, do you?” I let out a laugh. “He’s right – he is your ‘dirty little secret.’”
