Sherlock bit his bottom lip and turned back to the Goddess who should be the God of chaos. “Are you satisfied?”
Without giving either of them a chance to say another word Sherlock rushed down the stairs, black coat billowing around him like a cape, and shouted back at Lestrade that he should hurry up if he wanted to catch his murderer.
Slowly, a few minutes later Sherlock's breathing slowed. Mycroft gently nudged his brother into their box. Sherlock's leg gave up underneath him and he slumped into the slightly dirty jumper which they often used as a bed.
Mycroft followed his brother's silhouette with his eyes until he disappeared at the corner. He let out sigh and lied down, closing his eyes and preparing to sleep.
Aphrodite was just about to answer when Greg Lestrade bounded up stairs. “34 year old woman murdered, hus-” he cut himself of when he saw who Sherlock was having tea with. Sherlock rolled his eyes. He wasn’t surprised that the detective was so easily charmed by the beauty Goddess's looks. Right now she had waist long, wavy, golden blonde hair, baby blue eyes with long lashes. Red lips and a slim figure. She even had a flower crowning on the top of her head, like a dirty hippy, Sherlock thought, but oh well, it looked like some people liked that.
Molly's expression brightened and with a nod she truned around, leading the way with a sprung in her steps. Sherlock's face however turned sour but nevertheless followed her.
“If it isn’t my favourite logician?” Sherlock stopped playing the violin and with a resigned sigh turned around and faced the Goddess, who was a petite woman this time. She had green eyes, brown hair, some freckles and round glasses which suited her face.
Thoughts were running through Sherlock's mind with lightning speed and he was only interrupted by Anderson.
John stepped in and hugged the detective around the shoulders. He kissed him on the cheek. "I'll come back."
As they were sorting through stuff Lestrade heard Donovan hmm in suprise. He glanced up and saw her holding a letter. Her eyebrows were furrowed in concentration.
"He left you behind. See? He doesn't really care about anything else than the cases, John." Greg said, looking down to his son who was sitting in front of the laptop and waiting to refresh. "He is an ex-junkie, anyway."
Lestrade wanted to say something about the name calling but in the end he didn't. He had learned a long time ago that no matter what he said Donovan wouldn't stop. That was quite irritating but after a while he just ignored it and let Sherlock deal with it with his own way.
He looked at the book and with a frustrated growl pushed them off of the table. He needed a break from them. Maybe he and John could go out and have some fun, just the two of them. Yes, that was exactly what he needed. It would smooth his worries of them and his plan was made more perfect as there was a suspicious Chinese circus in town. How convenient. John always enjoyed when there was some action during a case.
Before Sherlock jumped on top of a bin, which was next to a wall at the end of the alley, he grabbed John at the back of his neck with his mouth and he leapt onto it. Then he jumped onto the wall and put John down. They glanced back to the dog who was barking and cursing at them.
“You didn’t kill her.” Sherlock said because the way Moriarty was talking implied that he thought so.
"Well, if you have any idea where should we look, I am all ears." Greg said and pulled one eyebrow up.
John sat back and Sherlock could see as his brain worked over everything. It was fascinating to watch it. How does he faces the problem. Big picture? Smaller details? Was he even on the right train of thought?
Now he saw why Sherlock wanted to be in a team with just John. He had an army man just for himself in a "gun" fight.
The said man sat in the chair for a few seconds staring at nothing than, as if they had pushed a button, he was up and gathering the case file hastily. Meanwhile he was completely avoiding to look at him.
"We have a killer to catch anyway." He said and was putting his coat on by then. "Hurry up Letrade!" He shouted back from the stairs.
He walked down the stairs and out of the building. He closed the door behind himself and faced the killer.
Sherlock nodded and took a slip of his coffee but he had to held back a grimace. He looked at John's still steaming tea wistfully.
He turned back to the dying cabbie with a pill in his hand. "Was I right? Did I get it right?" He asked and when the man didn't answer he threw it at him.
"For God's sake Mycroft!" Sherlock meowed angrily. "I wasn't going to eat it I am not stupid." The black cat shot a glare at the grey one.
Next day it was in the late afternoon when Sherlock's kind landlady ushered him inside. She warned him to be patient with Sherlock since she heard the consulting detective pacing all night and he only stopped when the sun was already up.
"John." Next to him Sherlock whispered than lunged forward. He collided with one John Watson who dropped his bag just in time to have both of his arms free for the hug Sherlock greeted him with.
"That's not quite true. They met again in Barts and now my brother texted your son who agreed to meet him."
Fortunately for Molly and unfortunately for Sherlock there was still a free table in the corner of the place, otherwise it was full of university students, doctors, nurses or patients.
As Sherlock’s luck had it John chose that moment to enter, catching his statement fully. He cursed Caerus (God of luck) in his head colourfully for not doing him a favour.
Sherlock stared at the pill in the light. If he took the right one and he lived he would gather his courage and ask John to move in with him. He grew fond of the blonde boy. He didn't love him yet, but he was close. Very close. It was like he was standing at the edge of a cliff and trying to regain his balance by flopping his arms all around, but it was clear for everyone that he would fall no matter what.
"So do you bring dates here often?" John asked probably puzzling over the fact that Angelo called him Sherlock's date which he didn't deny just awkwardly looked around the restaurant. That action gave Sherlock hope, but he quickly pushed the feeling down, knowing that John was in a relationship.
"I strongly advise  you to refrain from insulting my husband ever again or you will have bigger problems than dealing with a loveless marriage and deciding which of your lovers you should take more seriously." The soldier said and Lestrade could have sworn that in that moment John seemed a foot taller than Anderson with his icy stare. "There is no need for such immature insults just because you can't accept that he is smarter, fitter and more handsome than you. Plus that he has people in his life who genuinely love him."
“You would have died too, I couldn’t let that happen.” Sherlock looked at him with confusion, his eyes asking John silently.
"That was-" Here it comes. "amazing!" Sherlock almost spit the water out in suprise, fortunately he just coughed on it.
Aphrodite snorted. “Yeah darling.” Sherlock raised his eyebrows and with an eye roll looked to the right. The Goddess saw that she had to get to the man from a different view. “Wouldn’t it bother you then if I found him a girlfriend then, right? Poor chap shouldn’t be wasted now that he cost a favour from Hades.” Sherlock at that raised an eyebrow.
"No." He whispered quietly and Lestrade cursed at himself for bringing it up when he heard the fear and worry in the younger man's voice.
Lestrade bit into his lip in worry. The last time Sherlock refused a case he was on drugs, but Greg hadn't seen any of the symptoms that would say that the young genius was using again.
He opened it and realised it wasn't a book. It was a photo album. Though there was a short writing on the first page with elegant handwriting.
“Great, she is great.” At that Sherlock’s head snapped up and his eyes zeroed on John, Aphrodite’s words ringing back in his mind.
"John-" Said the woman as she tried to pull him away. "Leave the dog alone. Come on." She patted her thigh and in the end John moved away.
"We were together before they moved and we got married right before he was shipped off." Sherlock mummbled and pulled out a chain from underneath his shirt. On the end there was a simple gold band on it.
He looked around the room and his eyes stopped on a leather-bound book. It was on the coffee table and it wasn't covered in dust like most of he surface in the flat.
He didn't look at John, keeping his eyes on a cab which had stopped 3 minutes ago. No one got out or in. Interesting...
"All of us has our own room. Those are ours-" He pointed at the first three door. "you will probably find us there.  But I don't think you will need us. You can go in them, but try to be a little bit less of an idiot. Some of us are still shaken up. And be patient with Seventh, he is a bit slow." With that he turned around and went back to the room where he had awaken.
He looked at Moriarty who was standing there similar confused expression on his face. Then suddenly everything happened in a blur.
The rest of the building was simillar to the room he had awaken, except the walls were white and the whole thing felt cold. Anyone who stepped in would have felt that dead were living here.
"You wanted him to take a look at this case but something changed. So what?" Asked Sherlock smugly at the troubled expression on the DI's face. But then his face crumbled too as the first part of Lestrade's anwser settled in.
Minutes passed until finally he was able to open his eyes. He blinked a few times and was greeted by a ceiling. It was cracked a little bit and there was an odd looking brown patch too.
Greg watched Sherlock glare after her. "You sure about this? I mean probably everybody is looking forward to make you rainbow coloured. And John isn't even here-"
Sherlock looked up next to him where normally John would be standing, looking over his shoulder with Gladstone. However there was no one there this time and Sherlock froze, remembering why that was.
The said dog let out a startled yelp as he was dragged away from his new friend. He tried to resist the pull but in the end he just whimpered as he wad dragged away.
"Yes, yes I do. And since you turned down your brother's offer of a ride we have to find a cab in rush hour to get us to the airport on time." He sighed but he didn't seem like he was really upset, just tired.
"No idea, it's from the government though." Sally said and flipped it over, searching for any more information.
The next thing Mycroft knew John and Sherlock were in a playful cat fight. After a few minutes they stormed off with a flick of their tails. Mycroft rolled his eyes and went back to sleep, trusting John to keep his brother out of trouble.
“I love him. There I said it. Now you can go and be happy that you cursed me. Yes, cursed because he doesn’t love me. He never will. Congratulation, you managed to fuck up my existence because you just couldn’t be content with the possibility that there might be someone who is immune to your powers.” He finished and in the end he was breathing heavily.
Sherlock looked at the shattered pieces for a second then exploded. "What are you still doing here? Leave you completly imbecile lot. You have gotten what you came for. Getting into our private life, finding dirty secrets and messing up our living space. Leave!" He shouted. At that all of the yarders clumsily rushed toward the exit.
Greg upon hearing that tried to think about something that could have happened yesterday but nohing came to his mind.
He was brought to a dark, abandoned warhouse. He shook his head at the new proof that being dramatic ran in the Holmes family.
He was snapped out of his musings when he felt the first drops of icy rain hit his fur. John was half asleep by then so he was drowsy as he was woken up by the black cat.
From then on he wasn't quiet, retractable. He snapped at everything and everyone. He was rude and arrogant as he told him his deductions.
Sherlock glared at her while Zeus spoke up. “Why can’t you deal with him? You are a half god yourself after all.”
After Angelo's awkward greeting, they settled down and John started to eat, meanwhile Sherlock stole some bites.
Gladstone barked loudly as he jumped on John. Licking his face in enthusiasm. Meanwhile John was laughing and trying to push him away. Sherlock was laughing too by the time John was free from it.
Paying no mind to him Sherlock stood up from the sofa and sat down in his black leather chair, motioning John to do the same across from him.
“Sherlock-” She tried to reach out to him, to fix what had gone wrong, but she was quickly shut down.
Sherlock hated that his brother was always keeping an eye on him by ordering one of the other cats to watch him. He wasn't a kitten anymore, but unfortunately Mycroft couldn't get it through his thick head.
"I hope you realised that the limp is just . psychosomatic. It's all in your head." He said off handedly as a parting wish.
He was lead down a corridor and they stopped at the fourth door of the twelve. Twelfth ways that he and/or John died. It wasn't a comforting thought.
Greg was really not keen to hear all the insults about their intelligence from Sherlock who would sure as hell say something as soon as he learned that they had failed.
"How about I join you and after that we can go back to the lab together?" He even let a smile stretch over his face. Inside, though, he was dredging the next half an hour of boredom. Oh, what he needed to endure in the name of Science?
Sherlock placed the tea set between them on the small table. He then proceeded to sit across his guest with a smug smile. “It has been two weeks and nothing.”
John let out a chuckle and pulled him down. Just as their lips met the doors were pushed open and Mycroft and his men swarmed the place.
This time all three of them laughed. "This is the thing we always get wrong." Said the one who was shot.
Eurus was the first one to react. “Watch out Holmes or the east wind will come and get you.” He snarled. Sherlock never got why he was so protective of Eros.
He was shocked that Philip actually did it. Before he got over this fact he was already reading the letter out loud and all the others were there too.
The Gods looked at each other and Sherlock groaned in agony. He felt stuck. Helpless and stuck. They were wasting time. Time which they didn’t have much of.
"I gave you my number Mycroft. I thought you might call the next time you need to talk to me so we could spare all the dramatics."
Next to him he saw Sherlock move ready to bolt after them and Greg acted on instinct. He tightened his hold on the leash to stop his wayward dog in running off.
"What's in the letter anyway? Divorce papers?" Anderson snickered and at that remark Greg's face hardened in a deadly glare.
Greg glanced over at Sally who was taking statements from someone who had winessed Sherlock taking out the criminal with a well aimed punch to the chest. Seeing that everything was under control he went after Sherlock who just reached the older Holmes.
He looked up when he heard the two madmen laugh. Both had blinding smiles on their faces and were holding hands. "For God's sake let him go Lestrade." Sherlock said and at that Greg dropped the leash.
There was silence again but this time it was comfortable. "It's good to know that there were still people who cared about him while I was gone." John whispered quietly and then threw a smile at Lestrade. "Thanks for that too."
Now it was late afternoon and they had tried to locate the suspect again, but no matter where they looked they hadn't found any clues which would tell them about his whereabouts, they had nothing to go on.
Half an hour later Sherlock showed up in his office and was asking for the case file. Lestrade sent Sally to get it from Anderson.
For some reason that knowledge made Sherlock want to find the blond haired boy and take him away from this insignificant person who dared to make him boring.
Sherlock couldn't help but let his eagerness show to his master. He was looking back and forth with such a speed that he was suprised that his neck was still in place.
Sherlock hated it when Lestrade called him in for easy cases. But he hated the empty flat more when John was working at the clinic.
"Dr. Watson was wounded in action three days ago. Bullet to the shoulder, he had to dig it out by himself." Greg winced while Sherlock became paler. "He has been in a critical condition ever since but now they think it's safe enough to transfer him back."
“I am surprised you lasted this long without checking on me.” He put the violin away and sat in his chair. He couldn’t hold back the disapproving frown which found his way onto his face when the Goddess sat across of him into John’s chair.
So Sherlock Holmes, half god of Science and Logic did what he never thought he would ever do. He prayed.
As they kissed Greg busied himslef by trying to hold Gladstone back, who now was ready to pounce on John, to give them a moment.
Sherlock's eyebrows shot up. He was impressed. John was asking the right questions. It even helped him to think. It's no wonder now how he managed to be helpful to Lestrade.
"Sherlock, love." John spoke up softly. Lestrade glanced at him. The soldier was regarding his husband with a broken look. Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breathe. "Calm down. It's alrig-"
Lestrade cleared his throat feeling a bit uncomfortable. "So you couldn't reach him on Wednesday?" He asked and instantly scolded himself as he saw Sherlock's eyes darken and he could see worry in them.
"Sherlock!" Greg's voice cut through the air and reached the irritated 25 years old who let out a disdainful growl at the sound, but nevertheless stepped back from the body and turned to the older man.
He was pulled out from his musings by the sight of Sherlock lifting the yellow tape up for John. Letrade couldn't help but notice that both of them were wearing their wedding rings.
He looked up and saw the young man with the case file in his hands staring at him with a pointed look.
"Thank you." He said as he handed back the mobile to an already standing John. Seeing this, Sherlock frowned. He wanted to talk to John without Molly's interfering presence.
"Good, that's, um, good, I guess." Lestrade mumbled awkwardly. His mind immediately thinking about things that could distract Sherlock from their failure when a thought came to him. "Oh! Is this about what you did yesterday?"
"I expected more from you Lestrade." His gaze pinned him to where he stood. Suddenly he felt nauseous. "I hadn't even had the evidence yet but of course you thought I haven't changed. You went and organised this charade without giving it a second thought. After all a junkie is always a junkie, right Lestrade?" He bit out and Greg dropped his eyes to the floor in shame.
They arrived 20 minutes earlier than the meeting with the killer was arranged, but Sherlock for once didn't mind to wait. John needed to eat something so he could function properly for the rest of the night.
The yarders were moving now too. Mostly shooting uncomfortable looks at each other and twitching in the eerie quiet. It was like it was before a storm.
"But..." He paused and actually looked Sherlock. "What? You?" He asked in dibelief and Sherlock could even detect a little disappointment in his eyes. That made Sherlock's chest tighten in anxiety, but he decided to discard it. No need to be emotional.
"Captain Watson we regretfully notify you that your services are needed-" That was enough for Lestrade.
“Oh what can I do for you Goddess of everything I think is stupid and overrated.” The sarcasm was almost literally dripping from his words.
The younger man hugged John again after that as Gladstone jumped around them letting out a few happy barks.
As he got dressed he listened to the others talking eagerly about the chance to shoot at Sherlock. He thought about saying something against it but in the end left it. He wasn't in the mood to argue against his team when at the beginning of the week Sherlock and Anderson had a big fight. Which was not unusual, however in this fight Anderson used John to hurt Sherlock. Which made Sherlock more cutting than ever. However Greg noticed that on that day Sherlock left as soon as he could. He was obviously hurt. Plus it didn't really help that John wasn't present that day, nasty virus at clinic or something.
John studies him for a moment, starts to ask what the hell that means when Sherlock interrupts, shaking his head slightly.
John pulls off his shoes and listens to the sound of Sherlock stomping back up the stairs with their dinner, making a valiant attempt to steel himself against the upcoming conversation. Footsteps continue on through to the kitchen, there’s a ripping sound and John can smell the enticing aroma of Angelo’s best homemade pasta sauce. Oddly, the scent sends him back to the desert.
“Hello Martin,” Sherlock automatically adjusts the volume of his voice as Martin cracks his eyelids and peers between them. Behind his brother, another voice that could never be mistaken for anything except a Holmes is shouting into a mobile.
Satisfied that his plan will now go off without another hitch, Barkley swaggers from the hangar to continue his rounds as if nothing out of the ordinary is happening.
“Yes, ma’am!” I answer her through the open door as I set the scissors and tape down on the table beside the package I’ve been wrapping for about fifteen years. I’m totally pants at this gift-wrapping business but it’s for a good cause, so here I am. I sigh as I head towards the kitchen, right now walking feels more like rocking back and forth on a cruise ship.
John stands up to his full five foot nine inches and wipes at his forehead. Barkley is stunned for the time being and Arley is still out cold. Fumbling for his mobile while still keeping an eye on both of them, John pokes blindly at some numbers and by a simple stroke of luck gets Mycroft on the first try.
As John walks past Sherlock, he absentmindedly runs his fingers through the frizzy curls on the top of his head and offers Mycroft a stiff nod. He trundles off towards his bedroom, exhaustion written in every step.
When nothing whatsoever is forthcoming, she peels off her gloves, sets her glasses down on the bench and washes up, thinking that she’ll be able to grab a cuppa before she sits down to type up Mr. Parker’s death certificate. By the time she’s done washing her hands, however, she’s caught in a silent crossfire between Sherlock who has just removed his safety glasses and an equally mute John Watson standing in between the swinging doors, arms out at his sides, holding the doors open, his expression tense. Behind him, she can see Mike Stamford.
and he can almost hear the start of the funky beat…UFOs or bombs he doesn’t care at all; some part of him wants to laugh like a hyena at the ridiculous metaphor. Then Sherlock’s hips are doing some amazing thing that would be dirtier than the Lambada if anyone were to see it, effectively shoving all thoughts of 1980s pop songs out of his head. This thing between their minds is not the comforting hum of home, it is a raucous, slamming drumbeat played to drive crowd insane with desire.
It’s her turn to smirk at his truly surprised expression now. “Stamford has a case at the house next door.” She points in the direction of the brown brick house neither of them can physically see from where they sit.
Sherlock’s rational side knows it should hurt; he knows that the fire should be burning him but the only thing he can feel is the weight and the pain of guilt. Redbeard is crying and baying, having given up on barking either minutes or hours ago. Time is meaningless here as is life.
He whips himself up a full English and adds extra rashers when the Cat deigns to get up from where he’s been curled in the seat of John’s chair since they got in at three o’clock this morning.
They are silent for a few moments. “Are there more of you? Siblings I mean? Seems interesting to have such a big family you never get to see.”
Interestingly enough, Mycroft and Sherrinford are wearing similar expressions on their faces. John realizes then how much he’s tuned out and makes the attempt to follow along.
and the like. He works a particularly stubborn spot below the base of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock rolls his neck against the pressure, helping John ease the stiffness out of the muscles and practically melting into John’s palms then jerks forward, breaking their contact as if he suddenly realized what he’d just done.
There’s a ripple of laughter at the sound of Martin finally able to add to the conversation. Douglas squeezes his shoulder as they move on to other topics.
Doctor instincts taking over, he feels for a pulse and finds nothing. This unknown woman has had trainers stuck on her feet, the sides mixed up so that the left shoe is hanging on the right foot and vice-versa. Her brown eyes are open, fixed. A shudder runs down John’s spine as Sherlock steps up and kneels beside him.
John grins, runs his fingertip beneath the curls at Sherlock’s temple, suddenly punch drunk on the contented sounds the detective makes. He curls his left arm around Sherlock’s shoulder, lets his right hand rest on his nape and slowly drags the lean body against his. Their gazes lock then, burning sapphire and cool, clear peridot; their mouths come together with a teasing pressure that promises so much more. When they pause to breathe, they move no farther apart than their lips can reach.
John nods and turns back to his computer. He stretches his fingers from where they are cramping from hovering uselessly over the keyboard for so long and looks around their suite. Part of him desperately misses Baker Street, but the reality is that they are all better off here, even now that the majority of Sherlock’s ‘arch enemies’ have been put in their respective places. John spies Sherlock’s Stradivarius lying amidst its velvet case in the chair beneath the darkened window and thinks idly of requesting a song tonight.
“My, what a tame kitty you’ve become. You once tried to snap Mummy’s fingers off in your teeth for doing that very same thing,” Mycroft states as he crosses his legs, fully aware that John could still hear his voice clearly.
Sherlock’s eyes widen. “Got to give you credit where it’s due, Sally, I had no idea you could hit like that.” He tells her as he crosses back over to the corner by the bookshelf. Within seconds he’s back in the same position he started in, glasses perched on his nose.
Mrs. Hudson reaches over and squeezes Martin’s shoulder. “That’s just Mycroft’s way, Martin, dear. Think nothing of it other than he cares and wants to see you.” She smiles.
Eyes blazing, Sherlock is grinning lopsidedly, his mussed hair hanging in a viciously kinky curtain over his forehead. His cheeks are smudged with dirt, and is that blood? John leans closer by way of tip toeing, using the pad of his index finger to trace the thin line beneath Sherlock’s right eye.
he was then like I do now. Now I’m not surprised. I wasn’t surprised when he told me that this baby is a boy nor was I surprised when he told me who the father is and when he laid out, in no uncertain terms, exactly what was going to happen to the man. I’m ashamed to say I actually felt a little bad about it…but not really.
Especially when she’s been through what I have. I owe my life to all of the people in this building right now, from Joseph and Billy to Mrs. Hudson and the two men upstairs who are supposed to be getting ready for the big day, but in reality, are probably snogging like teenagers. I don’t need to tell you that I’ve sure learned why Mrs. Hudson gets so flustered sometimes! She’s says it’s like having her own sons in a way, except that they…well, you can see how that just falls apart right there. I’ve suggested to her that maybe only one of them is her adopted son and her eyes got a little wet so I decided to shut up because dammit, if anyone around me cries right now I’m like bloody Niagara Falls.
From where he’s standing in the mirror adjusting the lapels on his charcoal jacket, Sherlock looks over his shoulder, the movement causing one of his neatly-styled curls to drop over his eye. His expression rapidly changes from curious to wolfish. He walks nearer to John, stopping in front of his husband, but not out of arms’ reach. As always, he finds himself pulled into John’s orbit; it’s as undeniable as
With that, Mike gives him a polite goodnight and heads towards the door. Before opening it, though, he turns back to John. “John, be careful with him, alright?”
John feels like he’s just closed his eyes when his chest is hit by something light and busy. He slowly opens one of them and instantly wants to close it again because it feels like it’s full of sand. Of course, spending half the night discovering new Holmes and then being booked into a holding cell will certainly cause one to miss some sleep, without a doubt.
“What does this Higgins character have to do with kidnapping people, breaking their bones and stuffing them into airplanes, then?” Douglas wonders aloud.
Martin desperately needs help, but there is no way he’s reaching for Roderick’s headset. Roderick! He pushes the concern away as quickly as he thinks it. Whatever is or has happened to his pilot, Martin is of no use to him until he gets this plane on the ground. Martin does what he can to keep the bucking craft in line with the horizon, but once the engine stalls for good it’s all pretty much over but the crying. The best he can do now is aim for the backside of the flight line and hope that he hasn’t miscalculated.
John moves forward achingly slowly, blue eyes held as if jewels embedded in steel. When their heads finally touch it feels like eons have swept them by. Sherlock exhales then takes another breath, slowly, before he unfurls the massive pair of wings hidden beneath his thick coat. They slip through the secret slits cut into the material, making a shushing sound as feathers come into contact with wool.
Martin is enthralled. He walks up to the craft, touching the metal with his fingertips as if he’s afraid it will break; he traces the Holmes Manufacturing logo, then reaches up and pats her bow-shaped nose as he passes. He whistles.
“Hey!” House shouts because we seem to have forgotten about him for the moment. He is standing in nothing but a pair of pale blue boxer shorts and a grey undershirt.
His joyous laugh is apparent in his Mindspeech and Toby smiles back before wrapping her arms around his neck. He rucks her t-shirt up over her breasts and nuzzles close, thinking only of his joy in finding happiness in this almost-intolerable place. When they finally climb back into the bunk together, their Link hums and vibrates with happiness and he finds himself almost drowning in it.
, right. Really, this whole situation is growing more ridiculous by the day. Finding two more Holmes siblings in the space of forty-eight hours this far from home? How is this even possible? Who does this?
I don’t see Thomas again for a while but then he is there and he is saying things and there’s noise all around. The door to this room is pushed open and there’s someone tall there, I can’t see him but his hair is like a dark halo and I can feel the anger from him. It is different, somehow, not like the anger from the
Mycroft stretches his long, clawed toes after standing for so long, finally stopping and letting them curl lightly around the branch where he’s been for the past several hours.
Sherlock’s gaze moves from John to Martin and he nods. “Come on, Martin, sounds like we have a lot to tell you.”
John Watson feels that he is an odd man in anyone’s estimation. He’s a wounded, invalidated veteran who has seen far too much death and destruction for his thirty-three years on the planet. He was raised devout Anglican but after a four year tour of duty in the Afghan desert, he’s pretty sure that there isn’t a flavour of religion that is for him. Which is fine, he knows, all fine, considering what he does for a living and the fact that being open minded is a prerequisite for it. One certainly cannot take sides in this business, that’s for sure.
“Why the hell are you two here, anyway? I remember saying something along the lines of ‘let’s never do this again’ the last time we had to deal with you two.*
The first officer begins to speak but is interrupted when the door opens again. Greg Lestrade pokes his rumpled silver head into the room, notes the policemen and closes it. When he comes back through a few seconds later, it’s obvious that he’s made an effort to tame his hair. Of course he cannot hide the edge of the love bite on his neck peeking out over the collar of his shirt, but John’s not going to say anything. Sherlock, without missing a beat, inhales and starts to speak but John shoves his leg hard with his knee and it seems to quell the impulse for now. John smiles and Sherlock smirks, caught out.
Sherlock leans over the plane and pokes about with his index finger until John can’t take it any longer.
Idly, John picks at the edge of the table as an image forms in his mind of a small family gathering: children laughing as one of them makes silly faces at the other, the mom and dad beaming with pride at their little brood…
There in the hallway of the old Victorian, the melody crescendos: Sherlock’s deep purr of true merriment mixing joyously with John’s higher pitch, the sounds dancing with one another; the two men from very different walks of life lean against the wall together, shoulders brushing, creating a new combination as if they are unique instruments: strings and winds.
Naturally, Sherlock had been a stubborn prat during the whole booking process, but at least he had been a silent prat. Somehow, at the end of it, they’d managed to be locked into a holding cell together and luckily with no one else. John wonders if he should make an effort to thank him for keeping his yap shut.
“I wonder when they died?” he asks the presumably empty house, voice echoing slightly as it bounces off the bare walls. Instantly, as if conjured up by some unknown magic, Ophelia Holmes appears beside him, causing the EVP reader in his hand to vibrate like a hot tea kettle. John has to grab the EMF meter before it falls down to the floor below.
They stay that way, both men panting and waiting for their senses to return. John starts to giggle, a high-pitched, delighted sound as he cradles Sherlock’s head in his hands. He knows that they need to get up and get home, but right now he wants to bask in the joy of the depth of the emotion that they have for each other.
Mycroft stares down at the man on the floor, but in his mind he is only seeing the same man with the same too-thin shoulder blades that push up against his shirt a handful of years ago, only then Sherlock was on his knees begging and pleading for another reason entirely. Surely, Mycroft thinks, this is not the same thing at all—this time, Sherlock is begging and pleading for
Mable tucks the business card away into a pocket and hefts her very large and very pink handbag over her shoulder. “I apologize Doctor Watson, I promise to give you a call tomorrow once I get myself back together. Thank you for seeing me on such short notice, and please pass my gratitude on to Mr. Holmes. I am so terribly worried about my nephew…”
sound as John spits the earring out onto the felt and grins back, his eyes raking over Sherlock, from his hairline to the tight leather trousers that are somehow still zipped and buttoned. Carefully, John pinches the zipper tab and pulls it down with agonizing slowness.
John’s hands may be trapped, but Sherlock’s are not, his fingers have gone from gripping John’s face to his hips to his arse, a handful on either side. Those big paws are pushing upward and John can’t do anything else but go along with it, meeting Sherlock thrust for thrust, grind for grind.
“Let me see.” Sherlock says, moving to John’s side. He pries the little door open the rest of the way as John bends down and gently handles what appears to be a lose wire by grasping it against his palm and following it upward.
For an instant, John lets the memory of what happened in Mrs. Norton’s kitchen wash over him. For some very odd reason he doesn’t understand, he feels like he should not mention Ophelia. In everything that Dale and Mike have recently told him about Sherlock, not a single thing about the young ghost girl was mentioned. John may not always be the brightest lightbulb in the pack, but he knows when he’s been shown something unique.
“You really did fall,” John whispers into the freezing air of the flat before gripping the sides of Sherlock’s face and bringing their lips together, passion on the edge of pain, a hint of anger in clashing teeth, need in the way their bodies meld with one another’s.
Ambrose turns back to face him, one hand reaching behind himself as if looking for a chair. Lestrade is right on it, moving it right under him. Ambrose nods softly again.
Sherlock stops him with a hand on his arm and John tiptoes up to kiss him. Judging by the black trousers and light blue button-down, they are working today. He is going to take a shower, then.
“Right.” John agrees, setting the instruments back down beside him, pushing them away from the edge of the steps. “Where is he, then?”
At the moment, John is nursing his third cup of coffee at an old wooden table in Mrs. Norton’s kitchen in Newham. It is well past midnight and he’s heard not a sound all night except the squeaking of the chair he keeps tipping up onto its back legs so he has to concentrate on not falling. To say he’s almost bored to tears would be an understatement. Beyond the dark windows, the city outside is quiet enough that it seems like someone has pushed some cosmic ‘mute’ button.
“No harm done, Doctor Watson. I’m heading in the same direction, so I thought we could share. I’m positive Detective Inspector Lestrade is eagerly awaiting Sherlock’s opinion on this case.” Mycroft continues to watch the Cat through narrowed eyes, though his expression is bland.
Sherlock mumbles something that Mrs. Hudson doesn’t hear, his expression far away. She reaches up and grabs his shoulder, squeezing as hard as she can. Apparently it is enough to get his attention. He finally meets her eyes, his fringe hanging willy-nilly over his forehead, his eyes filled with so many emotions at the same time that she would be hard-pressed to name them all.
“John that is horrid. Don’t ever say it again,” mutters Sherlock against John’s chest. He’s slowly creeping upward as John sinks down further beneath the covers until they’re finally face to face.
He drops his shoulders like a sulky grey-haired teenager and steps around to help John lift Ambrose to one of the tables.
Sherlock eyes John’s tightening fists, choosing not to answer, searching for words yet after all this time, some things defy them. “We got them all out.”
“Alright, he can stay with us. We’ve got plenty of room.” Sherlock says in answer to the question that obviously must have drifted from John to Sherlock in the air between them.
one, since he was almost rendered blind at mute at the same time. Having Sherlock Holmes as…well, as his
Somehow, though he knows he’s almost always right, he seems more comfortable in his own skin and doesn’t let his mouth overrule his brain as often as he did prior to being dead.
Sherlock is pacing the conference room like a caged panther. John is perched on one end of a long plastic table and Sherrinford is sitting on the opposite end of it. Both of them have their backs to the wall. They have all been speaking in low tones, but Douglas has been paying very little attention, instead concerned that no matter what they do it will be too late.
Greg understands. “Yes,” he answers. “I think there may be some indoor displays over there.” He points across to the other side of the flight line where several buildings stand near the squat little medical clinic Martin was taken to yesterday. “It’s a trek, though, since you can’t cross the line until the show’s over.”
John turns his head, his ears having caught the slightest rustle of material, and finds Sherlock standing beside him, back against the wall, head down, and hands shoved down in his pockets, looking every bit as if he’s been waiting for John for hours rather than a few minutes.
Ruthie chuckles. “I’ve also got a feelin’ you’re here for the Misters Monroe-Trevor. Grant was in here this morning bellyachin’. I swear, that’s all that man does. Lemme tell you something, both of you, I ain’t see a man as good lookin’ as Victor since…well, since Kevin about thirty years back. He’s as broad as the hull of a ship and the man’s got shoulders like Atlas. Only thing unusual about him is his blue eyes and the fact he must be in love with that stinkin’ cry baby Grant.”
“As if I would answer to anyone else…” Sherlock is saying. His expression is rigid and there’s a particularly knowing smirk plastered on his lips. “Just go. You aren’t needed here anymore. Let the professionals handle this job.”
Beneath him, Sherlock bucks upwards a little and hisses between his lips when the metal teeth of the zipper of his trousers glances off his now completely hard cock.
“Stop!” He shouts, holding both hands out towards the nurse holding an intubation tube. John doesn’t wait to see if she is going to listen before reaching out towards Mr. Thompson’s face. The man tries to pull away from John, but since he can barely breath, it is a weak gesture.
This time when their mouths touch, John automatically angles his chin and allows Sherlock to oh so tentatively lick the seam of his lips. It’s a cautious bid of curiosity, one that, should John decide against continuing, Sherlock could immediately pull back and attempt to pretend it was a mistake. John knows better so he tugs Sherlock even closer by grasping his bare shoulders and pushing himself forward against the hard planes of Sherlock’s chest whilst their mouths and tongues create new stanzas for an ancient, epic poem.
Sherlock observes him carefully, thinking of all the ways Mycroft has adjusted his life to accommodate Greg. Of course, before that Mycroft was always making changes for Sherlock, and now there’s John and Sophie and maybe Martin will remain in their lives this time…Sherlock’s thoughts ebb and flow as a slight breeze picks up around them.
John nods and pushes himself off the floor. There’s an odd feeling pulsing along their Link that he doesn’t completely understand. He settles into his chair. “Yes, I do. You said that earlier.”
“Yeah, well, that part of my life is good and over now,” John sighs again and rests his head against the back of the seat.
The security guard laughs, a humorless sound that echoes around the empty hangar. He pulls down on the legs of the rumpled flight suit Martin is now wearing, being sure to tug hard enough to jostle the leg again.
John’s words are cut off as a black cab pulls up on the road in front of them. John offers his hand to help Victor from the bench, but he ignores it. John shrugs and catches up with Sherlock who is already climbing into the back seat. Victor follows a few moments later then settles down with a sigh. He leans his head back and closes his eyes, not speaking again until they pull up in front of the bed and breakfast.
Martin has never really talked about this much to anyone, even those who were part of it, so it’s sort of cleansing to speak of it now, especially to someone who seems genuinely interested.
Greg raises an eyebrow while Mycroft hides a smirk behind his tea cup. Sherlock just gives John a look.
. She catches Captain’s eye and gives him a slow nod. He seems content with this answer and settles back down in the chair he just vacated with a fresh cup of joe.
John has discovered over the past few days whether they are alone or together, that he unconsciously seeks out their Link. He’s Reached out for Sherlock when he was at the flat by himself, in the middle of a shift at the clinic, and once while waiting in line at Tesco. Another time he did it during a session with Ella, his therapist, simply because he was bored and wanted to see if Sherlock would respond.
John nods, places a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and steps away, Sherlock’s hands running down his arms until there’s more distance between them now, but they are still connected. John turns his palms so that their fingers are interlaced. He squeezes, tightens his grip for a moment then lets go. Sherlock’s shoulders slump and he bows his head.
“Mr. Holmes,” is spoken by a cool, masculine voice, someone who is accustomed to issuing orders and having them followed without question.
John decides to give it one more try. He yanks the EVP meter out of his pocket, takes note that it is still dark and huffs, the sound loud in the empty house. Idly, he thinks about Sherlock then Ophelia. Sherlock’s had the odd habit the past three months of showing up wherever John happens to be. Sometimes his sister does, too. With the two of them, but mostly just Sherlock, John's found himself beginning to loke his job. He certainly enjoys writing out reports with more than three words in them.
Sherlock nods, still incapable of speech at the moment, though he does sit back a little farther and spreads his thighs.
Curious, John shifts his weight on the desk. From this angle he can smell the food in the kitchen and he silently hopes it’s still warm when they get to it. Sherlock sees John’s eyes and knows his partner is hungry.
At that point, John loses his mind. He tries to smother a chuckle that quickly turns into a giggle and trying to stifle that doesn’t work, so he gives up and goes ahead and laughs. It helps dissipate some of the tension between them all and he doesn’t even regret the tears that are leaking from the corners of his eyes. He wipes them away with his index finger and grins up at Sherlock.
John opens his mouth to reply but nothing happens. He stares at her for a moment and she stares right back, haughty know-it-all expression painted over her features and left eyebrow cocked at him as if daring him to question her expertise.
?” a deep voice cuts me off. I turn my head and take in a bed-headed detective whose got a weird expression—a cross between absolute delight and total horror—plastered on his face. His sharp green eyes are fixed on Nova who makes a little whimpering sound and kicks her foot when John rubs her fat little belly.
John nods affirmatively, taking one last look around them to be sure that they are truly alone, shifting his feet enough to feel the gun at his back. Satisfied that no one followed them from the bed and breakfast into the growing twilight, he follows Sherlock into the house. Not much has changed in twenty-four hours, except that some of the grime that decorated the floors earlier has disappeared. The dying sun slants across the empty place, showcasing the dust motes they’ve kicked up by opening the back door.
“They say that they won’t be in until much later tonight and they will meet you in the morning. Mr. Holmes especially sends his regards to Mr. Crieff. He says that your performance was shaping up to be excellent and he is sorry to hear about Mr. Pietz. I’m supposed to give you this,” she holds an envelope out and John takes it and passes it to Martin.
“Mrs. Hudson, I do believe there’s enough sun cream on Sophie to cover her for the next ten years.” Sherlock quips, wrinkling his nose in an almost perfect imitation of the frown Sophie just gave John.
The Cat sits down on his haunches by John’s feet, blinks up at him and purrs loudly, whiskers twitching. He opens his mouth in order to make a delicate ‘miaow.’
It turns out to be a fine afternoon to watch more of the air show. The sky above is clear blue and the day is not as humid as the last two have been. The adults sit at the shaded table while Sophie alternately lap hops and dances around them making airplane noises. She’s somehow acquired a little red bi-plane to go along with her Stealth and she’s actively engaged in staging a strange type of dogfight that involves blowing raspberries and giggling to herself.
John sighs and realizes he’s merely standing in the hallway in his pajamas with teeth that desperately need to be brushed and stubble that needs to at least be scraped at to be made presentable. He tucks his hands into the pockets of his dressing gown and shuffles towards the bathroom so to break the backlog of these uncomfortable thoughts. In times like this, there is nothing like a good, old-fashioned routine.
“Oh come on!” She dramatically bats her eyelids and does her best imitation of a man’s deep voice. “My name is John Watson and I’m only here so certain consulting psychics can brag about how good they are…”
One of these days, John thinks, he’s going to learn to stop assuming where the Holmes brothers are concerned.
John closes his eyes now, leans his head against the refrigerator door, preparing again for the onslaught of painful memories, but there is nothing save for the man at his side. For that, John is filled with a gratitude he doesn’t yet recognize. He Sends
Sherlock chuckles against him and John smiles against the vibrations running under his skin. He touches Sherlock’s hair again, running his index finger over his ear.
When John still doesn’t move, though he’s made progress, he’s got his shirt and his vest off, Sherlock gracefully raises himself up on his hands and scoots towards the left side of the bed, leaving an open space and a clear invitation, but on the off chance John has derailed completely, he Sends:
John’s Mindvoice is breathy and needy. Sherlock decides that he is really enjoying see John in the throes of passion like this. “Let me make you come this way,” he says softly.
Sherlock refuses the familial Link, instead gritting out, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He almost asks how Mycroft knew what he was doing, considering the implications of it in general, but stops himself before the words spill out of his mouth. Quarreling with him won’t show him that he no longer needs to make these ‘spot checks’ all the time—it will only make it worse. Besides, how in the world does he say ‘I’ve got John now, I don’t need you babysitting me, I haven’t thought about taking a hit in months?’
Sherlock looks down at the cup, completely offended, while Martin almost falls out of his chair laughing so hard.
Arley mumbles something that John doesn’t quite catch, but it really makes no difference in the end because Barkley takes a deep breath in the millisecond before he swings the bat towards John’s head. Behind him there's a wicked chuckle from Arley.
John stares into their shared space while a film in the back of his mind showcases what had been there
“Ophelia,” Sherlock snorts, stopping his ascent up the staircase with his hand on the bannister. “How can I talk to you when you already know everything?”
Sherlock hums and turns back to his phone when it pings. Finally, after two minutes, he thrusts it into his pocket with a rumbly growl. Reaching for his coffee, he sips it, frowns and gently replaces it, casually sliding it to the farthest edge of the table.
but says what just occurred to him anyway, “There’s something wrong with the pilot. The flight suit…”
Finally, his brain grabs hold of a long lost training film played for doctors caring for patients with PTSD and flashbacks. Very slowly, John moves out of what he thinks could be Sherlock’s swing range and simply starts talking.
Sherlock buries his nose against the side of John’s neck then wraps himself around him—octopus style. John can’t move, though the clammy feel of Sherlock’s bare torso against his own is more than a little disconcerting.
“You are fascinating,” Victor breathes as he leans forward, not enough that they actually touch but enough to show his intent.
John winds his way towards the center of the clearing where a large, flat boulder has been worn down by the elements. It takes him a minute, but soon he is resting on it, cane across his lap, the sun warm on his shoulders. He studies the old, hand-polished wood of the stick, rubbing his fingers over the eagle head handle. It's probably a silly thing, really, but his grandfather walked with this thing for years and he likes it much better than the military-issued metal one.
John is in his chair with his feet propped up on the coffee table, made possible by the fact that he’s pulled around to face the sofa, a thick old book on his lap. After two hours of flipping through the yellowed pages and scrutinizing the curly handwriting inked in green there, he’s beginning to get a headache. He stretches his arms until his shoulder pops loudly, causing Sherlock to open one eye and regard him as if he cannot believe that John’s body would dare interrupt the important tangent he was about to jump on.
John is only partially surprised to find that Sherlock Sounds exhausted. Without a second thought, he stops then climbs into the backseat after putting Sherlock down gently on the leather. Instantly the Cat becomes alert and swivels his ears towards his brother, who is impeccably dressed and watching him closely.
Being more experienced in these matters, John is recovering more quickly. Chuckling lowly, he lets himself relax into all of the sensory information he’s gathering, physically and mentally. It is quite surprising to find out how gentle Sherlock’s Mind really is. In all of their time together, John would have been sure it was a raging inferno of millions of thoughts racing against each other at the same time. Without a doubt, there’s a lot of data here, yet it is more a meandering stream of pictures than a rushing river of digits and letters.
John takes a breath, counts to three, looks around at the other men staring right back at him, shrugs and follows.
Sherlock works his hands into his hair, eyes flashing. “It wasn’t just our failed attempt at creating a Bond that was discovered that day. His parents were more concerned about the fact that he is a Were rather than a Shifter than they were even about finding out he’s not as arrow straight as they’d hoped,” he scoffs.
“Yeah, well, you look pretty normal and you did say you were a doctor, after all…” The paramedic crosses his arms over his chest, unprofessionally forgetting his duty to the men in the plane.
John scowls, not looking forward to rolling about in anymore dust at the moment. “I’m not a chinchilla, Sherlock.”
“Ah. Michael Stamford said he would look into the case of Mister Norton haunting this house. Well,” Sherlock pauses dramatically.
Hateful past memories and current revelations swirl and tumble in the kaleidoscopic chaos that has taken over John’s mind. For a few moments, he forgets where he is, more importantly, however, he’s forgetting
Admittedly, John finds himself looking forward to seeing Sherlock more than actually doing his job, if he’s completely honest. He crosses his legs at the ankles where they’re hanging over the arm of the sofa and drops the hateful little meter onto his chest. He’ll close his eyes for five minutes and then he’ll check in with LOPNI HQ and report that total lack of anything happening. Again.
John’s phone vibrates in his hand. Ignoring the way his palms have suddenly broken out in a sweat, he swipes the screen, heart pounding in his throat. He reads both messages, starting with his own.
John joins him, taking an old painting affixed to the wall on hinges. It’s been swung aside so that John can easily make out a wall safe with a broken lock. It, too, hangs open wide, empty. He backs up a few feet, estimating that where he’s standing now is where a large desk would have been, probably wooden due to the lingering dust on the floor that he’s trod through.
,” he takes his foot off Martin, but not without first kicking him with the toe of his boot; his voice is hollow, seething.
Beneath him, Sherlock sighs and rolls his hips, a teasing movement that threatens to send John right over the edge. Growling, he captures the detective’s lips in his own, coaxing them open. Sherlock pulls back some and John stops for a moment to just
This chapter has been rewritten twice. I can't take it anymore, so here it is in its imperfect state.
“Alright,” John acknowledges. He shifts and is happy to discover that the raging erection from a few minutes ago has decided to run for the hills for the time being as he settles in to hear the story Sherlock is allowing into the light for the first time.
Sherlock frowns, shakes his head and continues to pace. “No. No idea. I had given up any hope of seeing Martin again, and Sherrinford…John’s this isn’t the place for this. Please.” He stops pacing and gives John such a pained look that John finds himself nodding.
Pressing the ‘end’ button after John informs her which hospital he’s in, she puts the phone down on her bed and proceeds to change into a nice baby’s breath blue blouse and a pair of navy blue trousers. She steps into a pair of black no-nonsense shoes and shrugs into her favorite coat, taking her time with it all so as to not get her hip acting up.
“Fine by me, friend, I’ll kill yer all then. I got no qualms about killin’. Really, though, takin’ you’s out ain’t no big deal, but I’m really after the one that’s gotten Barry thrown inta’ the lockup.”
“You want your bed back, mate?” Toby asks, slipping one hand over John’s shoulder. Small, neat fingers pluck at the collar of his old t-shirt and he leans back into a warm embrace.
In the sky over his head, a ginger man in a tight black suit is waving to the crowd from the bottom wing of a bright red bi-plane whose make John doesn’t recognize. He marvels at the man’s nimbleness as he climbs up to the top wing.
, though he can’t really put his finger on exactly the reason why. Briefly he considers ordering a cup of coffee, thinks better of it and exits the building, hoping he’ll catch up with Martin sooner rather than later in order to share the wonderful news.
Martha Hudson is no fool and she can clearly see how these two idiots can barely keep their hands off each other as if to be in contact in some way constantly. Idly, she wonders if it has been like that the whole time John has been in hospital.
With a troubled sigh, he finds that he’s watching the newcomer closely, deciding that he’s already trusted Sherlock this far, a bit more probably won’t hurt. After all, Sherlock hasn’t taken his eyes off the other man and John forces down what he is certain is misplaced jealousy that certainly doesn’t feel that way right at this instant. Sensing the roiling sentiment, Sherlock introduces the two men.
Martin beams and blushes at the same time. Mrs. Hudson hands out menus from the stack on the center of the table and they all make their choices. The waitress who takes them smiles and even goes so far as to give Martin a little wink as she goes to turn in their orders.
The heart monitor goes ballistic when Sherlock’s eyes bore into John’s with a familiar intensity that he believed he would never see again. John tries to still his breathing, knows that he is hyperventilating, yet he’s at the mercy of his overworked mind and exhausted body.
. His voice is deep, so deep that it bounces around the room. There’s a lot of yelling and banging in the rooms around this one but in here, there’s Thomas and me and this very angry dark angel.
John does his best to thank the policemen and the MP and steers Sherlock away by grasping his forearm. If the detective doesn’t have any data to go on by now, there simply isn’t any, even after the six and one-half minutes that Sherlock spent on the site swooping about like a vulture.
There is a distinct and very real possibility she does. He’s always felt like there’s more to the sweet lady than meets the eye. John snorts lowly. Hell, at this point he’s not going to be surprised if she turns out to be some long-lost Holmes aunt or something.
John enters the flat to find it empty after a short shift at the clinic in the evening of the sixth day. He’s exhausted, mentally and physically, and, even a little disappointed that Sherlock hasn’t yet returned home, though that is a bit more difficult to admit. He wanders about the place for a few minutes, finally deciding to take a shower and at least get comfortable. The case was as good as solved when he’d left Sherlock this afternoon; naturally, he’s still curious about the outcome. That’s all this empty feeling is, just the need to see the whole thing through.
In his whole thirty-three years of life, Martin has not spent much time with children. One glance at those huge green eyes gazing intently at him from beneath silky curls and he has to admit that he’s completely smitten. Sophie captures his attention so completely that he didn’t even realize John was taking pictures last night until after the third one.
Sherlock only shakes his head. He takes another deep breath as if steeling himself against something, draws up to his full height and slowly explains.
They pass Greg who has acquired a steaming cup of coffee. He bids Mrs. Hudson good-bye and thanks her again for the hot bun. She smiles and is quickly whisked away when Sherlock threads his arm through hers. Time was, many years ago, she would have been thrilled to have such a looker on her arm; she’s still overly proud of this man but he makes her feel as fiercely maternal as murderous in turn.
Sherlock knows he’s got an audience now so he pops the entire egg into his mouth, giving John a really bad idea about how he wants to spend his afternoon. Sherlock grins around the shiny thing and Sophie claps her hands and laughs. Mrs. Hudson sighs and rolls her eyes. Martin giggles and Greg chuckles.
Sherlock mentally curls around their Link, not only Feeling but also Seeing the exact moment when John shifts back to the desert, back to that night. He does his best to Send Trust to John, in the event that the other man needs to know he’s still there.
Caught out, John’s ears redden and he realizes that he’s been staring at the detective as these thoughts are droning through his brain. Sherlock raises his left eyebrow and his lips in a half-grin. Staring at him, there’s a heartbeat where John’s possessive inner cave man takes over and he forces himself to recognize the other person in the room, then it dawns on him that this is Sherlock’s ex-lover and the inner cave man begins screaming in some uncouth language about how watching John drag Sherlock by his hair into the bedroom would actually serve him right...then he remembers that apparently Victor has put his career and his freedom on the line to follow some mad sailor who is swearing revenge on Sherlock for assuring his mad murderer of a brother got his just deserts.
“Well, hello there,” John greets him, doing his level best to ignore the lean, warm thigh now pressing up against his own. A faint image of his earlier daydream flashes in his mind and he barely stifles a groan.
Into the silence comes the echo of a human being stomping up a staircase. Just before the door bangs open to admit his kidnapper, Mycroft Sends: :
(Later on, Sherlock will be upset that he missed Captain Watson. Captain Watson will happily reappear when they are alone, just for him.)
On the ground where he is losing sight of the battle fast, John is torn. He widens his stance, grateful for the feel of the Browning against his back. In the rapidly dying light, however, there’s a strong risk that he may aim at the avian and inadvertently hit the feline. Still undecided, he reaches around and rests his hand against the butt of the gun as both the decision and the choice are ripped from his hands.
?” Douglas asks, stunned. He holds a hand out towards where the other men have already disappeared from view.
“Fibers,” Sherlock says unhelpfully then starts pulling his hands from betwixt the mattress and the creaky frame of the hospital bed.
The nasty wound runs parallel to Maya’s spine, getting deeper at the jut of a vertebrae, leading to the reason she’s lying here before them: her spinal cord is severed cleanly.
John frowns back, growing increasingly irritated with the situation, never mind the ache in his head. The constable must recognize something in John’s expression that makes him instantly wary and stops him from asking the same stupid question again, so the next time he opens his mouth it is without preamble that he smartly ensures John that the DI is working on ‘it.’
John Watson loves Sherlock Holmes, of that there can be no doubt. If the matching molecule tattoos on their hands don’t give it away, nor the soppy way John still looks at the detective, then you must be dead. Alright?
“Sir,” the woman says, glaring at him, “I can’t let you go along. Since no one has chased you off yet, you are welcome to continue hangin’ around here, but you can’t go any further.”
As he climbs up next to Sherlock, John considers the past few days. Sherlock kneels, inviting John to follow suit. The first press of their naked chests against each other drives home the point that
“Sherlock, you are going to fuck me within an inch of your life.” John inhales sharply as Sherlock’s fingertips rub against his perineum, palms brushing his sac with the utmost care. He laughs and throws his head back, spreading his legs wider. He doesn’t miss the way Sherlock’s eyes grow impossibly darker.
John turns back to Sherlock just in time to see him make a grab for Mycroft’s cup. He smirks at John and sucks on the straw the sputters. The shock of the lemon wedge and the sugar and the taste of tea that isn’t hot almost makes him choke.
“Let’s get this straight right now,” Sally begins, ignoring House’s snort and eye-flick in Sherlock’s direction. Sherlock raises his hand in the salute of brotherly love known around the world. House flips him the bird. Sally goes all honey badger and truly doesn’t give a shit what these two are doing; she’s not going to stand for being
Douglas considers that for a moment. He is starting to wonder if he needs to add some cardio to his regular routine because these long walks around the airfield are starting to get to him. By the time they stop, he’s breathing heavily.
There’s a muffled boom and the roof of the hangar explodes upward, splitting the metal that drops to the sides like a stove-top pan of popcorn. Flames burst out the fissure and the world trembles beneath them.
Sherlock rattles off the address to the cabbie who agrees without a word and John does his best to ignore the heat pouring off the lean body next to him. Soon enough, they pull up in front of a restaurant called Speedy’s and Sherlock pays the driver. John joins him on the stoop in front of a glossy black door and can’t stop himself from smiling back when Sherlock beams at him.
“Don't!” Sherlock spins away from the top of the desk, fingers disappearing into his hair as he moves. “No. You take care of it. It's what you wanted in the first place. Jim is
I was still in so much pain from the last one that I forgot to listen closely to the voices in the halls, some louder than others—not all of them speak Russian, I also heard what could be Italian and the English like Thomas. I could talk,
, he’s never heard anyone other than himself flat out tell Sherlock much of anything. Even Mycroft often takes the high road and veils his words in cryptic statements that mean nothing to anyone outside the two of them.
“You know neither one of us is an Anchor, Sherlock,” Victor states as he crawls up the bed to sit an arm’s length away from his boyfriend, toeing off his black high-tops as he goes.
Soon, their food arrives and the table is quiet for a few moments while the men and Mrs. Hudson dig into their plates. After a few bites, Martin finds that he’s got a burning question he needs answered.
Martin is so relieved that he forgets about the straps and his leg for a minute and automatically attempts to stand up. The pain in his leg forces him to stop long before he remembers the seat belts. Sherlock pushes the latches on the buckles, green eyes sweep over him from head to toe and he halts any more movement with a palm on Martin’s shoulders.
Two young boys pound up the stairs and gallop into the bedroom, never stopping before they crash into Sherlock, evidently ignoring John completely. It doesn’t bother him, though, quite the opposite in fact. He watches the ginger-haired Tobias and the blond-headed Alfred pull on Sherlock’s arms, one boy on each hand, the seven-year old fraternal twins chattering animatedly together.
There’s a burst of polite applause from the audience. John snorts in his sleep a little, brushes beneath his nose with his index finger, completely oblivious to the odd subject matter being discussed on the telly.
“Fuckin’ queers the bunch of ya. I’m not impressed. In fact, had I known Holmes was related to all of…”
Martin shakes his head. “Nothing to be sorry about. It’s really a long story but after Father passed on, Mum took me and Sherlock was left with Mycroft. The older lady that was at the table with us this afternoon?” Douglas nods, so Martin continues. “That’s Mrs. Hudson, apparently Mycroft hired her at some point to be a sort of nanny stand-in while he was away working.” He takes a sip from his water glass and studies Douglas who is hanging on his every word.
He’s always been an incorrigible flirt and hopes he hasn’t laid it on too thick. Douglas worries a little as he makes his way back out to the show grounds to find his boss.
John turns his eyes away from Sherlock’s in order to look over his shoulder. Sherlock can read from every line in his body that he’s surprised.
“Mmmmm……I’ve always heard em and ems melt in your mouth not in your hand, wanna come over here so I can find out for myself?” With that he smacks his lips and then licks them like the coyote used to do in those
They step forward into what appears to be an empty hallway. Both of them stand stock still and listen for any sound that would alert them to not being alone. John moves behind Sherlock and gently closes the door. Together they move forward, Sherlock’s black military-type boots thumping softly on the floor, John’s making no sound at all.
“It means someone must have waited for him, most likely until our attention was elsewhere and then forcibly removed him from the vicinity.”
“Wow,” Douglas says, for want of a better word. “That’s…well, actually, I don’t know what that is.” He frowns at the sickly yellow tile floor, considering whether anything similar has ever happened to him. The entrance/exit door slides open, effectively halting their conversation.
“Hey Douglas,” Arthur calls out, waving his hand in the air. He approaches them, bouncing on the balls of his feet. The girl with him gives them a simpering smile and excuses herself for the moment. Arthur gives her a quick peck on the lips before she goes. His smile is almost as blazing as the one Douglas greeted Martin with.
John’s attention is pulled away from his laptop as Sophie shifts against his side where she’s fallen asleep watching a DVD. Not too terrible a movie, really, about talking planes, but John is fairly certain he’s seen enough aircraft for a while, though it seems their daughter has just begun being enamored of them. He pats Sophie’s head and considers the answers they were given from Mycroft about the strange murders: which really amounts to almost nothing at all.
“He most certainly is.” Says a gravely voice from the doorway. “And when I find out who and why and how, don’t be surprised if I put them all in the hospital, in prison or six feet under.”
“What did you…?” Douglas starts to ask, but there’s no one in the waiting room except for John and himself.
Sherlock: the way he moves, the way his eyes alight on the most worthless-looking piece of evidence, instantly making sense of it, the way his entire being lights up as the pieces of the puzzle fall into place.
Continue to fire, his brain does. John is borne aloft on dreams of the future. He dreams of his best friend returning to life on the eve he proposes to a woman named Mary; he dreams of a fantastic wedding with a speech that melts his heart all over his shoes; he dreams a vague dream of child with blue eyes and a black mop of curly hair mixed in with dreams of a deranged black-mailer and Sherlock, his personal phoenix, raising his gun and pulling…
John spreads his legs and notes where Sherlock has gone stock still at his feet. Victor has pressed himself into the far corner nearest the ancient copy machine, whimpering lowly. In the back of his mind he can hear Sherlock’s irritated huff. Somehow, even facing whatever this is that’s in front of them, John suppresses a smile.
John studies the tracks for a moment. There are at least three sets as far as he can tell. Two large sets, such as adult males or females with particularly large feet, and a much smaller set. A child? He inhales, but before he gets a word out, Sherlock’s rumbly baritone breaks through the silence of the house from the other side of the room.
“It makes no sense.” The detective mumbles to himself. John keeps quiet because he’s good at it. Sherlock frowns at the ropey thing again then twirls about, “John.”
He doesn’t wait for a reply, only closes the door of the tiny bathroom then stares at himself in the mirror and wonders why he’s being so serious about this. The answer is instantaneous: because he doesn’t want to make the same mistake he made before. Very, very carefully, he Reaches out to reassure Sherlock that this is not a rejection.
“How long have you been up here, Victor?” Sherlock asks from where he’s stepped over to look out the window.
“Well, we got a call two days ago from the British Government,” John frowns when Sherlock does a loud, dramatic stage-snort. (Louder than a stage-whisper if you must know.) “Anyway, apparently this is a missing-person case, but I’m a little stymied as to why we needed to come all the way here to solve it. Sherlock often does these flat on his back on the couch at home.”
John’s eyes cloud over, grow shiny with unshed tears. “Yeah. I was a right bastard sometimes. She stayed with me, though. It was months before we got back on this side of the world. In all that time, she never changed, never shifted. She was a true Shifter, Sherlock, and the array of animals was amazing. Toby was an amazing person and I.” He inhales, stiffens his shoulders and meets Sherlock’s eyes. “I basically domesticated her then got her killed.”
Sherlock sits up so quickly that he almost causes John to drop his wine. After a bit of rearranging, he answers Douglas. “Trey Higgins is apparently a notorious womanizer. He’d been having affairs with at least two of the secretaries who worked at the airfield. If my calculations are correct, and I have no reason to believe they aren’t, both women knew in each other enough to be friendly. It was only a matter of time before one would find out what he was up to and share it with the other one…why he started with them is a fact only known to himself. It is obvious that the two morons he hired to do a bit of his dirty worked turned out to be even more idiotic and certainly more vicious than he’d thought.
Douglas is taken aback at the complete look of wonder on Martin’s face. For his part, he likes green eyes, but the way Martin’s auburn curls are backlit right now, the younger man looks quite angelic. After a few moments of allowing their eyes to remain locked, Douglas clears his throat.
John steps back, as always more than a little surprised when Mycroft goes out of his way to compliment him. “You’re welcome,” he says as a gangly, blonde-haired teenage boy ducks into the room around Mycroft without a word.
“I was… in the box,” Ambrose tells them, speech still slightly disjointed as he points towards the steamer trunk.
And, seriously? With this gorgeous creature trembling with desire between his legs? It is quite possible that John got the better end of the deal. “How are you doing?” he whispers, gripping Sherlock’s jaw in order to look him in the eye.
except for John. A heavy weight begins to snowball in his chest as he makes quick work of John’s snap and zipper without looking away from his face. He carefully slips his hand in between the layers of denim and cotton, closely observing the changes in John’s expression and the rapid acceleration of his pulse, which he can
“No. Mummy only lives up here.” He points to his head. Without giving John time to think anymore, he pulls back the canvas. It kicks up a cloud of dust, then there’s a shredding sound and then they are both looking into a cavernous area with black walls.
“Yes,” Victor whispers, one hand coming up to probe at the back of his skull. He winces and sucks in a pained breath through clenched teeth.
“Sherlock…” John starts, then shakes his head and follows the detective around to the back of the house.
, the likes he hasn’t known in many years, surely since early childhood. Sherlock stays long enough to figure out he isn’t going to get any further because so many of John’s channels are quiet, closed against anyone doing exactly what Sherlock is attempting to do, which would actually be considered to be a breach of privacy in most circles.
Though neither man can see much of anything at this point besides each other. There’s a small bead of sweat that begun life on Sherlock’s hairline and is slowly winding its way down the side of his face. John leans forward and drags his tongue from the point of Sherlock’s jaw in order to meet the little salty droplet. Sherlock makes a sound that could be a purr or a whimper and cocks his head to the right and tilts his chin, giving John all the space he needs to swipe that hot, wiggly tongue against the lobe of his ear.
An almost-familiar voice drawls from behind the mask in a half-bored, half-amused manner, “I’d ask what you’re doin’ here, but I think I’ve got a pretty good idea.”
“Go home, Victor. Explain to your husband what happened to you. We will see the two of you in the morning.” Sherlock orders calmly, despite the stricken expression on Victor’s face.
. John prefers not to dwell on that fact too much at the moment; he’s got more important things to worry about.
The sitting room of 221B is bathed in alternating shades of mild saffron light from the lamp on Sherlock’s desk as well as the tall one in the corner. The drapes are still open over the windows, allowing the thin charcoal darkness left behind a sunset long gone to peer in and study the inhabitants of the residence, both in their usual places. The detritus of a day spent knee-deep in researching their current case is spread about: empty mugs and plates on the coffee table or in the floor out of the way coexist with a pair of laptops, three mobile phones, none of which are John’s, several file folders and a rather glorious pile of wadded up pieces of paper scribbled with hurried notes in John’s doctorly scrawl.
Molly only frowns at the odd compliment. John chuckles under his breath when she actually rolls her eyes.
trust John enough to make themselves vulnerable like that in the first place? John knows that this image in his mind is slowly becoming an obsession. He pounds his fist against the arm of his chair. They are friends, first and foremost. Close? Absolutely. Is the potential for
John’s heart is pounding and he’s searching for a place to hide from incoming IEDs before he even realizes he’s awake. When he crashes into something much softer than a concrete wall has dreamed of being, he reels backwards and opens his eyes to see Sherlock sitting up against his headboard, arms around his bent knees, eyes staring into space and his mouth open. He’s howling and the expression on his face threatens to shred John’s heart right where it lives in his chest. For a moment, John is lost; Sherlock is unreachable and it terrifies him to no end. Not to mention the horrible noises pouring from the psychic’s mouth.
“John,” Sherlock intones, his voice low and deep in the fresh silence of the flat. He doesn’t touch the other man, but reaches out a hand as if he’d like to do exactly that. “John.”
As they prance down the stairs, Sherlock grins over John’s head and decides that he wants to see just how wild he can drive his lover before John relents and lets them come home. At least he’s no longer bored.
I want to get this out while it is all still fresh. Since the sun has not yet crested the horizon, I will take a few moments and gather my thoughts. Last night still seems surreal, even to one such as myself.
“Actually, I just wanted to thank you,” Victor states sincerely, his voice dropping to its normal tone. He gracefully pulls his legs down off the arm of the sofa and stands, adjusting his shirt and trousers as he does so. “Somehow Mycroft managed to get me reinstated, so I can have my life back.”
The woman frowns, now completely fed up. Embry is pulling the radio off his shoulder and is giving Sherlock a wicked look. John thinks
“John, I had to get you out. As soon as everyone started moving, Sherlock told me in no uncertain terms to get you out,” Sherrinford informs him, looking a bit lost. He rolls his jaw and scratches at his goatee.
She plops down onto the grass, dropping her planes in order to rest her hands on John’s trainers. Mrs. Hudson reaches over and hands her a bright blue bottle of some sort of sports drink.
In a single graceful movement, the Cat leaps from John's lap to the floor and Shifts. Sherlock takes a seat on the sofa, never taking his eyes off John. John stares right back, Feeling the blank spot left in the story over their Link. He frowns.
earlier. She still thinks he didn’t need to be so overly dramatic about warning her, but the heads-up was certainly appreciated all the same.
Martin recalls last night’s conversations, allowing the Sherlock and John’s closeness wash over him. It is a balm to everything else that happened yesterday; certainly it doesn’t take it all away, but it isn’t hurting as badly, either.
“Two sets of prints, someone fell here,” the detective points to the grassy area to the right of the sidewalk that the exit door opens out to. They all take in the unnatural flattened place amidst the yellow heat-damaged grass. Sherlock meets John’s gaze as he straightens up, his expression closed, tense.
The detective-y eyes, one set of green ones and one set of brown ones, move from John to the older woman and back to John.
Sherlock says nothing but a wicked expression crosses his features, gone as fast as it appears. This is nothing at all like watching Sherlock and Mycroft, in John’s mind there’s a line being crossed somehow. Granted, they came to ask him for help, albeit without much grace, but still.
Martin enters the dining room of the hotel quietly. The thin soles of the leather trainers he wears for his performances make no sound against the tile or the carpeting. Very few people notice him unless he’s fully dressed in his tight show clothes anyway, and he’s found that he really prefers it that way. He runs nervous fingers through his hair and thinks that this has got to be one of the stupidest things he’s ever done. Of course Mycroft is around someplace, so he figures as far as safe goes, he’s good — except no one has mentioned anymore details about the crash to him. Martin shakes off those thoughts; he’s just about ready to turn around and go hide in the room when Douglas spots him.
An odd trio pictures pass down the Link: behind his eyes, John can see a small, rough-coated terrier, what seems to be a test tube on fire and finally, what seems to be a stick figure holding two square flags on long poles. The flags are red and yellow; the figure holds one above his head and one down at his side with the red facing away from the figure.
“But they just won’t leave me well enough alone here on my own turf.” Barkley raises his hands to the roof as if the empty hangar is a congregation of eager listeners hanging on his every righteous word.
Martin is blown away. How in the world has he captured the attention of someone so…so? Actually he finds that he doesn’t even have a word for it. He finally manages to stammer, “So, lunch, yeah, back here?”
John involuntarily gasps. Watery moonlight is now peeking from between the clouds overhead, highlighting the rain-licked curls artistically flattened around Sherlock’s face. Even from where he’s standing, John can clearly see that his eyes are glittering with a thrill that he decides in that instant he wants to understand. Regrettably, John is discovering that he cares less about what’s happened to the poor sod on the ground than to finding out how to make Sherlock look at him that way.
The four men are silent for a few moments, which considering who two of them are, is quite an accomplishment.
John, Greg and Sophie are enjoying the little joke. Sophie pushes at Sherlock’s stomach and he moves his chair back so she can climb up on him, still frowning at the others.
Idly, Greg leans back in his chair and brings his feet back up to the blotter. He lays his phone down next to his foot and stares at it for a few moments, trying to decide if what he saw on Sherlock’s face was betrayal or the sudden realization of Greg’s new position in the community. Tapping his fingers on the desk then his phone, he picks it up again and dials John. When there is no answer, he sends a text message the does his best to concentrate on the cases he actually gets paid to worry about.
! Lestrade is here, too. Wouldn’t that hurt his feelings?) (Narrator points at Lestrade who does his best pouty face.)
It is dimmer up here, John notes as he walks into a large, open room that is mostly empty except for some abandoned desks and chairs. A decrepit copy machine stands guard in the corner, the top covered with yellowed sheets of paper and what appears to be a very large pile of droppings of some sort. Sherlock growls deep in his throat, effectively silencing the purring. Even Victor is quieter now, sniffing here and there but not Saying anything. Finally, the Dog goes still and sits down in front of a doorway at the end of the room. Most likely the office of whomever was in charge here before the business went bust.
