. Wait just a minute… You really
“There’s only one way to find out…”
“If he desires me, why should I? Why all this anger, John? I’ve hardly said two words to him since he summoned me. I just sacrificed a good deal of my dignity to help save your city. Is this how you show your gratitude?”
The sound of the two of them drove Mycroft over the edge. He cried out suddenly as he came, filling Greg’s body with the heat of his cum as Fenris filled his. The three collapsed together on the bed, panting and smiling.
top-secret. The upper level was decimated, and a number of personnel killed. The whole thing was quietly hushed up. The lower levels are still mostly intact, so two days later, a salvage team went in and encountered… fairies.” He sighed. “Five men went down there, and only four came out alive. Two of
Slowly stripping each other’s clothes off as they kissed, they made their way to the bed, leaving behind a trail of jackets, shirts, shoes and socks. Sherlock’s nimble fingers had made short work of unfastening John’s trousers, and they slid down around his hips. Suddenly self-conscious, John fumbled with the button fastening Sherlock’s slacks.
The second message was a map link to a hotel. “God, that’s just
“I am sorry. I just wanted to tell you myself, before you heard it from someone else.”
John laid down gingerly, expecting at any moment to hear his daughter’s cries. After a few moments of silence, he finally started to relax. Despite the melodrama that was dealing with Mycroft, he was tired, and too sleepy to worry about it. He’d think about it in the morning, he decided. He’d nearly drifted off to sleep.
“John. Don’t.” Sherlock shot a warning glance at him.
. John found himself wondering if it was in Sherlock right now, and that line of inquiry made his cock twitch. He shimmied out of the last of his clothes, tossing them vaguely in the direction of the chair.
“Somehow, his top two layers of skin were removed without damaging the layer beneath.”
“Yeah. You really need to get over your problem with my future brother-in-law, Donovan. You know how many cases he’s solved for us.”
“And you don’t trust me?” Loki grinned, entirely incapable of asking the question with a straight face.
: (27 April, AM)
: (26 April, late afternoon)
“I don’t think I could afford that, and Tony’s not gonna help. I’m sorry, but I just… I can’t move in with you right now.”
feel about the idea that you… that
“Theoretically.” Mycroft cleared his throat, shifting uncomfortably on the barstool. His younger brother’s tendency to pace and fidget, after many years of annoying him, suddenly made perfect sense.
“Yes, I thought that would be the case.”
“And we’ll be need a… a live
“Not me. God, the first time… I was afraid I’d freak out. But he’s… he picks up skills really fast, you know. I guess I set a good example though, because even the first time was great.”
“But Alice is okay? I didn’t hurt her?”
“You do this every time?” Fenris laughed softly, watching Greg and Mycroft change the sheets. “Your washerwomen must work hard.”
: (15 April, Noon)
“Yes, he is. Mycroft shared some of Lucifer’s information on him. Apparently he’s drawn toward buxom blondes and silver-haired men.”
“Greg?” He nodded his assent, and she reached out. “Be careful driving, though. You’ll feel a chill.” She extended her hand, quickly touching the back of his neck with one fingertip. She cocked her head, looking curiously at Sherlock. “He’s not
“Uh… it that good enough?”
“Can you pick things up?”
said your love was what I value most. Haven’t you been listening?”
: (25 April, early evening)
“I was afraid you might.” He looked at John curiously. “Did it make you think less of me, the first time I did it?”
“I’ve got some things to do here, but I’ll be going in this afternoon. Do you want to meet for lunch?”
Mycroft’s natural reticence was washed away by the surge of ecstasy as his cock plunged in-and-out of Greg’s tight, hot flesh. All reticence was gone, replaced by the frenzied need to claim the man he adored as he thrust himself hard and deep into his body. What little self-control he had left was entirely devoted to holding off his orgasm, wanting to prolong the pleasure of taking him, wanting to feel him come with his cock inside him.
“Back to Baker street by way of the Thai place, if you please.” John slid in beside Sherlock and closed the door. George was a cabbie they’d used often over the years. Sherlock had proven his innocence in a hit-and-run incident early in his career and had gained George’s unswerving loyalty as payment. His knowledge of London’s streets and traffic along with his willingness to disobey speed limits had made him invaluable. He pulled out of the driveway, glancing up in the rearview to see John slide over much closer to Sherlock than he usually did. By the time he turned the corner they were holding hands. George grinned, thinking it was about time.
“But what? Is it because I’m with a man, or is it because that man happens to be Sherlock’s brother?”
“Compelling as your demonstration was, I’m going to need to see more proof.”
“Just enjoy the view on the way down. Remember, John, it’s never the fall, it’s the landing.” Laughing, Moriarty tossed him off the side. John screamed as the pavement came rushing toward him. Forty-five stories was a very long way down.
“Come with me. And for God’s sake, whatever you do, don’t panic. Just stay calm and quiet, and trust me when I say they’re not gonna hurt you unless you threaten them.” Greg stood and led him into the garden, sitting in the grass near a large white hawthorn tree.
“I guess it doesn’t, really.”
in things.”
John laughed, releasing his grip to roll on top of his lover.
“I can think of a
“Did we do it, then?” Mary glanced at Sherlock. “Is she in there?”
to share the blame if it all goes horribly wrong.”
“Dad, just give it a rest. It’s got nothing to do with the divorce. I’m with the man I intend to spend the rest of my life with, and that’s
had shown up and ruined everything. Blind with fury, she wrenched free of the distracted police detectives and hurled herself at Sherlock, screaming with rage. Greg tried to grab her, but she slipped from his grasp. Her foot caught on a bit of loose tile and she fell, her head hitting the doorframe between the lounge and the kitchen with a wet-sounding thud.
“In a way. The future is what
“No, I haven’t. I’ve never even had sex with anyone else.”
said her mother did it.”
“It’s just as well you weren’t there. All you’d have accomplished is subjecting yourself to your worst nightmare. If you want to do something useful, you might want to consider having your nephew join Mrs. Hudson and Kat. We’re sending them out of town with the girls, out of the range of magic until we have some handle on this crisis.”
“According to Greg, yeah. I, um… kinda ran into him last night when I went down to the kitchen. He sort of figured out the wine wasn’t for us…”, John shrugged apologetically.
do you deal with it?”
“If we’re able to identify the victim, it’s possible, but do you really want to take the chance of it killing again? We have, at most, a week before it must take another victim, and it’s not impossible that it might decide to upgrade to a more advantageous identity before it’s forced to. It’s probably already killed whoever summoned it.” A small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. “We both know that this murder is going to have to be unsolved, officially. Think of poor Greg, having yet another unsolved pair of grisly murders on his record. Do you
“Christ. Sometimes, you know, it’s nice to talk to a
“Was yes not clear enough, John?” He tried to look serious, but the slight twitching of his lips gave away his amusement at John’s reaction.
“Merely dislocated.”
“Could have been worse, then.”
him. He can throw bolts of lightning and stuff. And Fenris is… um… a God.”
“Look, here’s the deal.” She lit a new cigarette off the old one, flicking it across the street. It bounced a couple times and vanished. “It’s not my
: (24 April, mid-evening)
“And I’ve made you a list.” He reached over, plucking a sheet of paper out of stack without looking. John looked at a list of names, all female, with contact information included. “I had Mycroft run the background checks. It’s all on here, saved under Nannies.”
“And you’re
: (21 April, mid-evening)
“Did you really think it would?”
what solution he chose.”
to admit that he
“Pretty much, yeah.” She smiled gently. “You were muttering something about cheekbones and skin like fine porcelain. I didn’t read any of it, though.”
Mycroft sat bolt upright, confused, heart pounding in his chest, and wondering who was screaming. It took a moment for him to realize it was him. He clapped his hand across his mouth, trying to stop.
“Of course I don’t hate you. You’re my grandson. I may not like it; you being gay, but that doesn’t mean I could ever stop loving you. But Tim… How can you know for
“It wasn’t
“John, I’ve come to the conclusion that in
“Then what the… What do I do? What’s my options here?”
Things were beginning to look bad as the horde slowly pushed them back down the avenue. Just as she was beginning to wonder exactly how many bodies were buried at City of London cemetery, explosions rang out from the opposite end of the street. She abandoned the body she’d possessed in favor of being able to speak.
“Yes, well, a lot of help
“I can’t. Except for that
have been a simple assignment, and John sighed mournfully. He glanced over longingly at the nearly empty whisky bottle, then decided it was just as well. He worried briefly that he might be drinking a bit too much. Then again, there’d been a number of times lately where a good stiff drink seemed in order.
“John told me about you and Mycroft when he came by to pick up Rosie.”
“Not the
“I’d think not.”
Grumbling somewhat, John reluctantly went downstairs. He really wasn’t comfortable leaving Sherlock alone with the God of Mischief, but he had little choice in the matter. He headed to the lounge, hoping for a drink and some distracting conversation to take his mind off his worry.
“Two months and… fifteen days? I can’t remember what time it was, only that it was nighttime, and late. I felt John somehow… It’s like that. I don’t feel or know anything but cold, and then I can just… feel John’s presence and I reach out and I’m with him. It’s happened with Rosie, too. At first it was just when they were thinking of me, but just in the last few days I’ve been able to concentrate on someone and appear on my own, like I did with you.”
hurts.” Sherlock’s laugh was soft and bitter. “The most confounding part is that it’s still worth it, all the same. Despite all the pain, having John in my life; it’s been
“Sherlock…” John sat up and stared at his lover, who was thrashing around, obviously in the throes of a nightmare. He reached out to wake him, hesitating as he wondered if it was something related to being a Seer. Sherlock groaned, his face contorting as if he were in agony. “Sod this. Sherlock, wake up!”
“I can’t imagine my life without you.”
: (20 April, late evening)
Holmes… I’m assuming he’s the other one’s brother?”
way, and honestly, I don’t think that’ll change…” He gave John a quick, impish grin. “But not in bed. I know you’re used to being… dominant. We’ll do things
“You told Death you didn’t
that?”
“It’s a prostate massager.” He grinned slyly. “And it
“Yeah, I can imagine. We good now?”
: (23 April, morning)
“If you can show me more proof, yes.”
“Then I’ll let you know if I notice anything… world threatening. Now just
“Yeah, I guess so.” He shrugged. Greg hadn’t expected his tutor to be a raven, but it seemed appropriate.
“I never even thought about it until now. I honestly never paid much attention to it. I was
“Not long, but long enough to know we’re in love.”
“This? I’m a
“Is it, really?” A small part of him still feared Greg was only humoring him, and that he’d get tired of indulging his fastidiousness.
“Yeah, probably not.” He grinned at her, knowing she’d probably spied on him for Mycroft for years. “I want to ask a favor. I know your powers work best if you’re asleep, so whatever goes down, you’re likely to be
scaring us off.”
“Like anti-vampire mace.”
“I’m afraid so. Thankfully, he didn’t go into detail, but…” Mycroft sighed wearily. “He told him that he mated with us.”
“No, I guess not. It’s just… It’s a bit hard to explain, but that second time, when he wrapped us up in his wings… it was very special to me. What he said about love being sacred; it
still here, then?”, he hissed at Sherlock.
“Then I’ll leave you to… whatever it is you do.” Mycroft sighed softly as he rose, gathering his coat and umbrella.
“Because the seal’s still partially intact. New types of creatures require some event or entity to create them. Any Power in the Endless realms with a motive to prey on human minds already has creatures capable of it; there’d be no point in expending the energy to create something new. Opening a portal would be far easier. It takes a great deal of energy to create an entirely new species, and it’s unlikely that any human has that kind of power as yet. The most likely explanation is that it was somehow created accidently, when you lot cracked the seal. Have you discovered how it happened yet?”
. Then Mary died saving
do you have to do it here?”, John asked grumpily.
Fenris bounded up from the backyard as Greg pulled up in the driveway, cocking his head curiously as he opened the rear door.
“I think a little experiment is in order. John, where did you put the toad?”
“I know, lover”, he murmured, nibbling the shivery spot behind Mycroft’s ear. “I
“Christ, how rich is he anyway?”
The house was exactly as he expected. It was a gated, grandly traditional manor, tucked away in a discretely convenient location. There was a manned security gate, and he was suddenly reminded that Mycroft Holmes was a man who could make people disappear. The guard at the front door wore a perfectly polished dark suit and, no doubt, a perfectly polished gun to match it, but he also had what appeared to be some sort of voodoo talisman consisting of nails and what Greg hoped was a dried chicken’s foot tied around his left thigh. Fuck it, he decided. If the whole bloody world was going mad, he’d take a shot and see what happened. Finding out the hard way was what he did anyway.
are working on. She’s agreed to put her no doubt busy social life on hold for the good of the nation. But only until next week, so I hope you’re picked a nanny.”
“Lucky guess. How’d it go?”
He kept picturing Sherlock, standing amid the leaves and great trees, seeing himself reflected in Oberon. There was something eerie, something unspoken in Sherlock’s matter-of-fact recounting of the events, that left John feeling very unsettled.
He pulled his head out of the window and looked curiously at Greg and Mycroft.
a perfect credit score without
“Greg, your input would be valuable here.”
despise small talk.” His keen, pale grey eyes surveyed his brother, missing nothing. One of Mycroft’s generally pristine collars had a slight crease and his tie pin was crooked. There were dark circles under his eyes, and the faint dusting of white on his slightly-too-tight waistcoat looked suspiciously like powdered sugar. Mycroft gave every indication of being in distress, despite his outwardly calm demeanor. “What’s the
“Good Morning, John. Tea?” A sly smile curled at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. He was clad only in a pair of trousers and his dressing gown, his hair still damp from bathing, and John felt his heart leap in his chest. He wondered again how he had gone so long without noticing how truly beautiful Sherlock was.
“So, no, not really then.” John sighed softly. “You do need to sleep occasionally, you know. The girls are back, by the way, and so is Mary. They’re settling into one of the spare rooms.”
“Personally, I’ve always found statistical anomalies to be quite troubling. If your statistical anomaly were to express his interest in you, what would
“Then I choose everything. Let’s just do everything, John.”
is the problem.”
“I do know”, said John, sadly resigning himself to the inevitable. Sherlock defined himself by his work, often at his own expense, and John understood from the very beginning that the work would
went mad. They’re surprisingly dangerous creatures. I now have a tactical team trying to retake the lab. There are also a couple of surviving researchers trying to capture one, but they don’t show up on film and they crumble to dust when captured, so I don’t have any solid proof. Until we retake the lower levels and see what’s down there,
“I’m not exactly bi. It’s just easier than explaining. If I was just looking to get laid, I’d probably be with a woman, but when it’s something serious, what I really look for in a person is intelligence. That’s a lot bigger deal to me than gender. I know what I like and I’m fine with that.”
“There’s a certain
hot.” Sherlock glared at him impatiently. “Well, the night I threw her
“What would you say if I told you I have irrefutable proof that magic does indeed exist.”
“I know in this day and age it’s not a big deal, but we both know things were
“Sherlock, I can’t dance to this…” The music abruptly stopped, and the rich sound of the grand piano rang out. John took him in his arms and they danced, bodies pressed together as they gazed lovingly into each other’s eyes. The world seemed to fade away, until it was just the two of them and the music.
in there somewhere.” Greg growled through his teeth.
“Greg…” Mycroft snuggled in closer as Greg spooned against him and wrapped his arm around him. “What I wanted to ask you about earlier, before you so ably distracted me… Are you truly satisfied with our sex life?”
“And bring the whisky as well. I could use a drink to calm my nerves.” Mycroft rose unsteadily to his feet, waving away her attempts to help him. He staggered over to check on his little brother, sinking gracelessly to his knees beside him. Sherlock had a light sheen of sweat on his brow and he was tossing restlessly, but other than a slight increase in breathing, he seemed alright.
“Uncle Greg’s a medium. He can see ghosts and stuff. He’s probably, like, calling up a bunch of ghosts to fight or something.”
is seeing Mycroft? But he’s so…” She covered her lips so she wouldn’t blurt out
scary.”
“Sometimes one wonders if you’ll
“Christ, no wonder the kid was lookin’ at me like I had two heads or something.”
, brother dear.”
“Don’t interfere.” Sherlock glanced over at John, softening his tone. “It’ll be fine.”
“Dr. Hooper?”
Sherlock shoved him back, and John fell onto the bed, still laughing as his lover knelt in front of him, pulling off his shoes, along with the pants and trousers. He slid up between his legs, shedding his own as he did. His hands slithered under John’s shirt, caressing his skin as he nuzzled his cock. He parted his lips and swallowed him, enjoying the feeling of John’s cock hardening in his mouth and the sound of his voice, filled with desire as he moaned out his name.
“Yes John, you can nap.” He snuggled into John’s arms, listening to his heartbeat and luxuriating in the feel of his sweat-dampened skin against his own. “I love you too.”
“He didn’t strike me as being either one.”
“Now is not the time for sentiment. There’ll be time for that after.”
John’s chair. She made no impression in the cushions. He could clearly picture how it
“Yes, though I don’t know if it was due to some ability I might have, or my connection with Steven. It could have been either.” His brow furrowed and he frowned unhappily. “I need to understand this power, or it’s worse than useless.”
dangerous too. I love ‘im anyway. Maybe love’s a mystery to you, and maybe it isn’t, but in the end, Mycroft is
” Fenris slid his fingers and tongue out and positioned his cock. “I know you like some pain.”
“Sherlock…” John stroked his back, trying to sooth him. “It’s alright. You had a nightmare.”
“As difficult as accepting it has been, I find I have the same level of faith in your feelings for me. I would, perhaps, be a bit envious, however. I’ll never look like… that.” He frowned slightly, comparing his body to Fenris’s human form.
, I’ll just go.” Bill tucked the small wedge of cheese he’d found in his pocket, eying John uneasily.
was gonna put a
“How many times do I have to say this?
. You say you’re bisexual, so why choose a man?”
“Uncommon, but not unheard of. Occasionally one runs across a more complicated soul.”
“The Lord of Dreams.”
“Yeah, you too.”
“Ghosts and… garden fairies are popping up on a regular basis. I’ve met with a vampire, had lab work done on a werewolf and my younger brother has interviewed the Devil. Just last night we were attacked by some sort of unknown fog creature on a busy public street. Fortunately I had the ability to deal with it, but there have been at least two deaths caused by supernatural entities. They have been dealt with, but there
“You’ve been smoking a lot more lately, haven’t you?”
“Sherlock, you and I, and
“Set your desires free, John.” Lucifer stroked John’s now hard cock again, then gracefully crawled over him, wedging John between him and Sherlock.
“Obviously. She’s going to cause trouble first though, as a distraction. That’s what my vision was about, and that should be our first concern.”
His tongue released Mycroft’s cock and he looked up at him, eyes gleaming with desire. “Please… Will you fuck me now, Mycroft?”
“Couldn’t I?” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “Is this more of your faith, John?”
“I’m not going to hurt you, Kat.”
“Yeah, but we’re fine for now. Keep trying to contact Sherlock. As soon as Chapel Avenue is under control, tell Thomas to send Mary to check on Sherlock and John. She can find them. And send Thomas and Liam to search for Fenris if they’re able.”
Bran was flying slower, obviously tiring. He fluttered to the top of a nearby lamppost, beak wide and wings outstretched.
react?”
“Oh. Um, what kinda powers does he have? Does he turn into a wolf?”
seen your squishy side.”
“Longer, yes, but you’re thicker.”
“Yes, I… I think I
a home.”
“We don’t know yet. An… entity of some sort.” Mycroft took another drink and sat his glass on the table beside him. “I know this is going to be difficult to accept, but in the last few months, magic has become real.”
“I… I think I may be a bit gay after all.”
is a sentence I never thought I’d have to say.”
“Oh, dear God… Sherlock…”, he gasped. “That was…
. I didn’t
“Despite the lurid tabloid accounts, he’s rather a nice chap, not at all the bloodthirsty monster he’s been made out to be. As it turns out, the woman whose car he attacked is his now former girlfriend, who’d been cheating on him with his employer. He assures me he meant her no harm, and I believe him.”
“A skin-walker.”
“It’s my pleasure.” He sighed softly. He’d like to make his offer contingent on sex, but although he’d never admit it, John’s accusation of blackmail still stung. “Ask me for a favor if you’d like. I’ll be here for a couple more days. While I might not be available to tutor her, I could certainly help establish the level and scope of her powers and give my best advice. I could even do a few things to make Loki more… manageable.” He fixed his most charming smile on Mycroft. “It’s entirely up to you. If you don’t want to ask for a favor, you could share yours instead. You could even bring your lovers. Between my abilities and Fenris’s, it could be a very stimulating evening for everyone.”
“Where would we put a nanny? And what sort of environment is that for a toddler? Explosions, assassins, inappropriate things everywhere: weapons, chemicals, body parts…
how it felt; the hard flesh pressing against him. When he pictured sex with Sherlock, he thought of the amazing blow jobs he gave, the way his slender ass arched into his touch, his eyes, the way his dark curls contrasted with his ivory skin… in short, everything
In the background, Tim coughed softly, trying to cover a laugh. He knew the situation was serious, but his grandfather was being ridiculous.
worried, aren’t you?” John studied him, wanting to believe that somewhere deep inside, Mycroft was capable of caring. He wasn’t quite sure he
, you know.”
When they were done and all cleaned up, Fenris had changed to wolf form and curled up on the bed beside Greg. Much to Greg’s surprise, Mycroft hadn’t objected. Instead, he’d affectionately ruffled the wolf’s ears and told him he’d left some clothes for him in the chair for when he woke. Greg tightened his arm around his lover and smiled. He’d always suspected that under all his shyness and reticence, Mycroft had a kinky side. Seeing his lover become progressively more dominate throughout the night had been incredibly erotic. As sweetly moving as his initial shyness was when their relationship began had been, Greg enjoyed seeing this confident, kinky side of his lover.
… spec-fucking-tacular.” His deep brown eyes were almost black with pleasure and filled with sincerity and love. “It’s bloody gorgeous; your arse.”
“There’s a lot of different kinds of ghosts, John. I’m
“Mycroft, there’s something I need to talk to you about. It’s my nephew, Tim.”
“I’ll take one. In fact, I’ll go with you.” John jumped at the chance to escape Mycroft’s gaze. Greg shrugged and led him to the kitchen.
“I don’t know.” He curled up on the side of the bed, propping himself up on the pillows and looking at John with a sly smile. “Why are you still dressed?”
to believe that, very badly. But if you
“Yeah, I just…
“I want to find Sherlock. I don’t understand why I can’t. I’ve looked and looked. I can’t even find that silly little friend of his, or Mycroft.” This time, she decided, she’d eliminate everyone and everything Sherlock ever cared about. He’d broken his promise, and she’d make him pay for that mistake. He’d said he take her home, then he’d let Mycroft lock her up again. She giggled with sudden inspiration. He’d always wanted a dog. Maybe she’d turn him into a dog and keep him chained by her side forever.
“You don’t think that’d be like… bestiality or something?”
“But it
“Well, it’s hard to imagine what he sees in him, but I suppose nothing’s impossible.”
“There is a spell for summoning one in the book”, he admitted reluctantly. “I’ll need to gather some things to prepare for it.” He pulled the book out of his pocket, turning to the spell and reading through it. “It’s most effective at midnight. I’ll expect you to be there, little brother. I’m not summoning this thing alone.”
call Lucifer”, said Sherlock, trying to mitigate the damage a bit. “According to what Death told Greg, an Archangel could take her to Heaven. He’s not on good terms with his siblings, but he said he’d see what he could do. Until then, she’s staying with Greg. And Mycroft.”
“Forever, my love.” He tightened his arms around Mycroft, nuzzling into his neck. “Now let’s get you cleaned off again.” Greg smiled happily. His gently persistent campaign to get his lover more comfortable with his own body was going wonderfully.
“Oh, she’s definitely alive.” Death appeared, leaning against the doorframe and gesturing with her ever-present cigarette. “And before you say anything, Greg, calm down. I’m not gonna take Alice. Or her, this time. I’m just here to give a warning.”
“You won’t need much with me. I’m naturally lubricated”, Lucifer said, handing the bottle to John. “Sherlock needs it though, I’d imagine. I assume that is what you mean by in the middle. It really is a wonderful place to be. You’re going to enjoy this, John.” He tossed the pillows out of the way, grasping the headboard and directing John to kneel behind him, between his knees. He spread his wings wide, giving John free access to them.
“Loony?” Bill laughed. “Look, Sherlock, I’ve seen you at yur worst.”
“Look, I know you don’t like Sherlock. Everybody in the department,
age. Pay him no mind.”
“Famished.” John gulped down the tea. “I’ll call down for a sandwich and get changed.”
“That’s incredible. You can do all that, just in one morning?” He gazed proudly at Mycroft, his deep brown eyes filled with admiration. “You’re amazin’, lover.”
, after all.” He gave his mother an innocent smile. “John’s bi. And he’s a
“It astonishes me to note how many times Mary’s entirely right about any given subject.” Sherlock gave John a quick kiss and scooped Rosie into his arms. “You are adorable when you blush.”
“He’s been a good friend. He may seem scary, but he’s not a monster either. It’s been good, having someone I can talk to about all this.”
Having skipped his usual sensible lunch for three packages of Mrs. Freshley’s powdered donuts from the vending machine, Mycroft Holmes stared guiltily at his computer screen. There were the nation’s problems, all waiting in neat little files, along with another file contained on a flash drive that represented the greatest and most significant crisis of his career. His focus
To Sherlock’s knowledge, his brother had exactly one romantic entanglement in his life; a youthful affair with an older woman that had gone spectacularly wrong in so many terrible ways that it had been thereafter only referred to as
“Downstairs, probably discussing our sex life with Greg.”
“I’ve seen it too, and so has Aunt Martha. We’ve got a fairy with us now, and a ghost back at Baker street.”
“Speaking of which, would you be amenable to an examination under laboratory conditions?”
name, but she’s the Goddess who caused all the trouble, reduced to a convenient, easy to handle size. You’re welcome, by the way.”
had a chance with him. I think I need to apologize to John. I wasn’t as supportive as I should have been. It was just the shock of it. I think they’ll be good together.”
“I can tell how happy he is. Sherlock, I mean.” She took a sip of wine and looked over at John, smiling. “He used to look at you, when he thought you weren’t looking, and he always looked… sad. He doesn’t look sad anymore, John. He’s got this kind of light about him now. He looks happy.”
“What kinda stuff can you do?”
“We?”
reckless person I’ve
“Such as Tim?”
should deal with them, then.”
“And the Seer?”
It had risen from its hiding spot in the shadows as the sun went down, making its way to London. It could sense that both of the minds it sought were now very close, and together. It floated down the busy pavements, ignoring the lesser minds along the way, hurrying excitedly towards its prey. Soon, it would be whole again.
“What kinds of consequences?”
“I… yes.” Mycroft swallowed hard, panting slightly, and handed him the lube with a shy but eager smile. “It sounds glorious.”
be that if I were to take certain actions that could
“I’ll do my best, Sir. And Greg… you stay safe too.” She hung up her mobile, saying a silent prayer as she turned her car around and headed towards Scotland Yard.
“Wow, who’s your dealer, mate? I want some of what
: (22 April, near midnight)
“In what way? Other than ensuring his loyalty, of course.”
, what she is. She’s into all this… I dunno, wiccan shit or voodoo… Hell, I don’t know. I just kinda put up with all her weird shit, because I didn’t believe in any of it and she’s… she’s
“God, you’re beautiful. I love you, Mycroft. Forever, lover.”
“I’m beginning to think you
be real… He
“Well, like I said, I do need the money. I’m on thin ice with my job as it is. Fucking Larry’s just dying for a chance to fire me. Besides, it’d be nice not having to hide what I am from my co-workers… That’s kinda why I called you; about one of my co-workers. At least, I
“No, but… How long has this been going on? How well do you know this man?”
the best lover in the history of sex.
There was a slight growl in Fenris’s mental voice. His hackles raised as he built the rage he’d need to battle a dragon.
, and they love you back. You
“I… I just know the pain I saw in your eyes on the plane when you talked about how kissing him made you feel. I don’t think it’s fair to put you in the position that you feel like you have to… to have sex with someone.”
are… are..?”
Fenris growled hungrily as Greg moved to position himself at the head of the bed. He’d missed the pleasure of letting another male take him. In all his centuries in Hell, he’d fucked plenty of demons, but he’d never let one mount him. It had been a matter of pride, but he was happy to submit to these two humans. It would be good to feel like part of a pack again. Mycroft’s thick cock plunged deep inside him, and he growled again as he wrapped his tongue around Greg’s cock.
“As you have time…” Sherlock shrugged. “You should, at
“You’re quite certain she’s secured?” Mycroft glanced up from his mobile, looking over at his little brother, who was fidgeting nervously in the seat beside him.
“John, you’ve only known you’re…
“Yes.”
“Molly. Steven.” The fairy studied her curiously for a moment, then flew off his finger, fluttering around her head a couple of times before landing on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Good.”
“My thoughts exactly. I’ve often pondered on my nature and to how it might relate to other undead.”
“Did Mycroft say it’s okay? I’m not supposed to go anywhere without asking.”
“No, you most decidedly are
“Yeah, it’s called a shower. You understand how to work it now?”
“Well, no, I’d expect not. He can’t banish a creature to Hell that doesn’t belong there. Fenris is fairly powerful, as Immortals go, but your brother could probably send him back to Hela’s domain. I wouldn’t recommend it, though. That would piss her off royally, and she’s not a lady you want angry with you.”
“Very far, but we’re going to use magic to get there. Did you know I have wings?”
“Really? I suspected he might have something like that.”
“Don’t be absurd. Hashtag Sherlock in love?” Mycroft sneered at him disapprovingly. “Do you really think they won’t find out?”
“Why did Mummy try to hurt me?” The ghost of a small girl reached up, taking Greg’s hand and looking at him with large brown eyes. Drops of water streamed from her clothes and hair, disappearing as they hit the pavement.
“Wait.” John grabbed his head and pulled it down, kissing him with all the love and passion in his being. “I love you, Sherlock.”
“Yes, it is new. And it didn’t go well. As much as I hate to admit it, Mycroft’s right. Sherlock thinks he’s gone mad.”
“I mean, The Night Manager’s my favorite role you’ve done…”, said the bouncy one. For some reason, this declaration made her blush and fan herself. “Sooo sexy. But my boyfriend’s such a comic book geek. He’s just going to
of them dating does boggle the mind a bit.”
situations, and I
at me.” He chuckled, reaching up to pull Sherlock’s head down for a kiss. Playfulness soon led to passion as they made their way to the bedroom.
“I’ve seen the photos of the car. If he’s not dangerous, then why did he destroy it?”
“He’s his older brother. I guess that’s how they met. They don’t seem to have a lot in common; Mr. Holmes is nothing like Uncle Greg, but I guess it’s one of those opposites attract kinda things.”
“My concern is entirely for you. Are you nervous about this?”
“Okay, Greg.”
“Oh my God!” John gasped. A wave of pleasure went through him as Sherlock’s throat muscles constricted, and he entangled his fingers in his hair, moaning. He looked down, watching in erotic fascination as his lover’s head slid up and down the shaft. Slightly weak in the knees, he put his free hand on Sherlock’s shoulder to steady himself. He soon felt himself nearing climax and somewhat reluctantly, he pulled away.
“The King of Faerie?”
“As you wish.” He smiled indulgently. “I was a bit surprised he wasn’t upset about John and me.”
“Good. You there, Craig. Get the computer system up and running. We need eyes on what’s happening outside ASAP. Greg, see that everyone’s properly equipped. I’ll be in my office, preparing spells. Sherlock, you and John come with me. I have a spell that should hide us from her, at least temporarily. It may buy us some time.”
“A bit.” She looked over at John, guiltily. “That’s why I don’t want to kill anything else. It felt… good.
. You and Mycroft are worried about how much
“So how did it go? He didn’t try anything funny, did he?” John looked at his lover with concern. Sherlock was sitting on the bed, his head cradled in his hands.
“Do you?”
cock… John growled out what might have been
. He’s a…
a hallucination.”
, Sherlock. Speaking of which, perhaps we should see about getting Mummy and Father to safety as well.”
“I wish to God I
“Mycroft was right about
“It not a
“Actually, yeah, that’s pretty much what happened.” John sighed. “It’s a side of myself that I’ve been blind to. I really was literally almost the last one to know. I see now that I’ve been attracted to him for a long time, but I was in denial, and I really didn’t realize it.”
on my part. Despite my complete disregard for the social niceties, some people have grown to be
“I did
“I’m pretty sure I got
“I know exactly how you feel. But then again, I don’t understand
home too now, not just a place to stay.”
, I just get really curious about what you two get up to.”
“Very good, Sir.” She rose with a cat-like smile. It felt a bit good, surprising him for once.
“This is profoundly disturbing.” He slapped him harder, leaving a faint red mark. “Better? Or do you want me to give you a beating?” It made John think of Irene Adler, and there was a long, uncomfortable moment of silence before Sherlock finally answered.
insatiable.” John grinned, looking down at Sherlock’s rapidly-growing erection. “I can’t believe you’re already hard again, after all that.”
It should have sent them both over the edge of the roof, joining John in death on the pavement below. Instead, it was like hitting a brick wall. Sherlock crumpled to the ground, ignoring the searing pain in his shoulder and scrabbled for John’s gun. He brought it up, emptying the rounds into Moriarty.
“What’s up?” Greg glanced at his lover curiously as he sat in the chair beside him. Mycroft was sipping a glass of juice while Fenris lounged at his feet in wolf form.
“You don’t see it, but it’s there. You’re hung up on what makes you
Really? We’re just jumping
“Two, including the stairway, but the other one is a very small, boarded-up window. It’s unlikely it could escape through there, unless it has some sort of size-changing ability.”
“You’re not
“It’s astonishing how such maudlin sentiments can move me so when
Bill Murry:
“Mycroft!” Sherlock had a sudden, almost overwhelming sense that something was very wrong. He stepped to the corner, looking down Drury Lane. Less than ten meters away, he could see a vaguely man-shaped cloud of fog heading towards them. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up and his eyes widened in alarm. He knew, without doubt, that whatever it was, it was dangerous. He felt a strange pressure in his mind, reminding him of his experiences with Oberon and Lucifer. “There, on the pavement!”
John glanced over at her sympathetically. She’d had her heart broken and now she’d just seen proof that the world had suddenly become a much more frightening place. He didn’t want to do or say anything to hurt her any more than he had. As a consequence, he had no idea
“Three?” John sipped his tea, looking at Sherlock curiously. “Three what?”
“Do you want me there, when you tell them?”
“Fine then. If you can manage to get through six months of being helpful without misbehaving too much, I’ll cancel the contracts. Agreed?”
“It doesn’t bother you, people knowing about it?”
conversation with you? He talks to people who aren’t there all the time!”
feel. Did you ever stop to consider the
the physical reactions, but it’s patently obvious there’s a mutual
“It’s… I know it’s none of my business, what you guys do, and I don’t think… It’s not like it’s wrong or anything…”
“What am I going to do with you?” John grumbled. He wanted to be angry. He decided he had every right to be angry, but his anger crumbled under the weight of what Sherlock had said. He placed John’s love
matter, your wardrobe would be perfect. By the weight you’ve gained in the 16 days since I saw you last, it’s a sudden but
: (16 April, early AM)
“Aerosolized silver, as per your and Molly’s recommendations. Also, very effective on werewolves. Oh, and there’s a set of jade knives and things for Mary. That sort of thing.”
: (18 April, early AM)
“For what?”
“Sorry. We’ve tried to do research, but there’s no way of knowing which books to trust. How long has this seal been in place?”
: (25 April, early evening)
The work continued, both at home and at the new headquarters. There had still been no word on Moriarty, but they all know it was only a matter of time until he resurfaced, more dangerous than ever. Scotland yard continued to come to them with cases both magical and mundane, though it was Sally Donovan that brought them instead of Greg. Sherlock began the task of cataloguing and ensuring the safety of fairy hives while working daily with Loki to master his Seer abilities. John began quietly making the rounds at St. Bart’s, using his healing abilities to help when he could. Mary worked closely with Greg, cataloguing and sometimes capturing London’s ghosts with the aid of Bran..
good thing if you were to take your cock and fuck me, John.”
“Geeze, what is it with that guy? Is he trying to complete the set or something?” Greg snorted. “Look, I promised John I wouldn’t say anything, but you should know he spent last night with them.”
because you discovered something you can do in bed that you and Sherlock both like.”
“I know, Dad.” Greg smiled gently at his father. “Just you trying means a lot. Stay here, and I’ll go get Tim.”
Greg moaned, a low soft rumble of desire, as his lover slipped a finger inside him. By the time the second finger slipped in, he was panting with need. Mycroft leaned forward, kissing him deeply, then knelt behind him, pressing his cock against his hole. He slowly pushed himself in, groaning with pleasure as the thick head plunged through the tight ring of muscle.
“Just sit quiet, and you’ll see.” Greg dug through his pockets and retrieved a small packet of biscuits, rattling the cellophane as he opened it. He broke one of the biscuits into smaller pieces and placed them in the palm of his outstretched hand. With moments, a large bee appeared and landed on his shoulder. Anderson’s eyes grew wide, and he shivered.
occur, but it seems I can’t because I… actually
“I apologize deeply for my impertinence, Lord Morpheus. I only seek your guidance, but I would never dare to even
element to it. Where do you come
“Would you consider someone who’s not a
“Whisky.” He kissed Mycroft of the cheek and settled heavily into the chair. “I got talk to you about something. I kinda got a situation…” He took the glass from Mycroft and explained the circumstances surrounding Alice. “I’m sorry, but I didn’t know what else to do. There’s no way I’m letting an innocent kid got to Hell just because her bitch of a mother convinced her she’s bad.”
“Yes, well… not that surprising, really”, Sherlock murmured quietly. “I expected he might. Greg does look a bit like
“Yeah. You got any idea where Fenris is? Is he still alive?”
“I told you. He wants me to serve as a kind of shield between the Fae and humanity.”
Greg was beginning to wonder just how big the house was when they suddenly stopped at what he assumed was the bedroom door. Mycroft seemed calm except for the look of impending panic in his eyes.
do you have a fairy?”
“You’re right. I’m sorry.” She abruptly stopped struggling and cocked her head, smiling at him. She might not be able to use any magic directly on him, but she could still see the pattern of the world around him. An enormous bolt of lightning shot down from the hazy, smoke-filled night sky, striking Loki on its way to the rooftop beneath him. John cried out, trying to shield his eyes from the blinding brightness. It was so close he could feel his hair, standing on end. Sherlock rose to his feet, making his way back to John and wrapping his good arm around him, pulling him further from the pair.
“No, it’s
“And it seems Tim’s a medium too, so he can help with her when he’s home.”
met a vampire? All this stuff, the transformations, the mist… it’s all true?”
. I forgot.” Sherlock reached back, casually pulling something out of his arse and tossing it aside. John gaped while his mind helpfully popped up the image of a butt plug. “I read it might be useful. You know, getting me ready for
When the last of his seed had filled Thomas’s body, Liam suddenly released his grip on his shoulder. Licking the nearly bloodless wound, he nuzzled his friend’s face, whining softly, unable to pull out and filled with guilt and horror at losing control.
. I grant you that in my
“If by
, isn’t it?”
“When you put it that way, I feel like a complete idiot.”
“I… Yes, I’m afraid so. It’s all
“Bill Wiggins might prove useful, if we can keep him clean. He’s a good deal brighter than he appears.”
“Oh, God, Mycroft…” Greg swept him into his arms, blinking back tears of joy. “Thank you, Lover. Thank you so much.” He pressed his lips to Mycroft’s, kissing him lovingly.
“Will I know it when I see it?”
still love you, so
“It may be that John is right; that this is a second chance for her.”
“Let me get this straight. A murderer tried to attack you, ended up dying instead,
“It’s hard to explain. I can’t touch anything; I’m just sort of here, then I’m not. When I left Sherlock earlier, all I remember is wanting to check in on you and Rosie. The next thing I knew, I was standing behind you. I have some impression that time passed between the two events, but absolutely no memory of
“Fair enough. I was still a bit on the fence about it myself until tonight. You may need my help convincing him in the end.”
“Probably right. You
, Mycroft. That’s something
“I see you’ve got your contacts in.”
: (18 April early evening)
“I seem to have acquired a… friend.” The word rolled awkwardly off his tongue. “It was
“I know. I can tell how much he loves you, just by the way he looks at you. I hope one day somebody will look at me like you guys look at each other.”
“I… thank you, Mr. Holmes. I appreciate you taking me in. I can tell how much you love each other… Uncle Greg, he seems really happy.”
from now on, as the words
“Why th’ hell not?” Greg dug into his pasta with gusto, waiting for John’s traditional declaration that he wasn’t gay. Instead, John nibbled the corner of his sandwich. He looked up at Greg and shrugged unhappily, unsure what to say and not wanting to lie.
“Sex isn’t the only way you show it, lover, but it’s definitely my favorite.” Greg grinned and grabbed the lube from the table beside the bed. He began kissing his way slowly down his lover’s body until he reached his already straining cock. Dripping some oil into his palm, he slicked up his fingers. Greg’s tongue flicked out, lapping up the drop of pre-cum that glinted in the slit as he fondled Mycroft’s balls, rolling them in his slick fingers. His lover moaned softly as he wrapped his other hand around the base, lips tightening around the crown as he sucked it into his mouth.
Liam had lost all semblance of control, fighting savagely with tooth and claw. His ability to heal was slowing down, overwhelmed by the number of wounds he’d taken, but his ferocity had increased. He seemed to be in the most need of help, but she doubted he’d recognize her now and she didn’t dare get any closer.
fault? This is
“I don’t, but then I manage to keep myself out of the tabloids. You and John, on the other hand, are minor celebrities these days.”
the one that did that to you… It moves me in ways words can’t express.” He leaned over, kissing him passionately as he pressed him down on the bed.
He thought back over the past few weeks, trying to make some sense of the other things Mycroft had said. It was
“I guess they got that in common.” Greg smiled, admiring Mycroft’s arse as he knelt on the floor. “
“You certainly seem comfortable enough with it now.”
“…” John sighed. “You’re not making this easy. Look, do you want me to move back in or not?”
wasn’t quite the right word. Disconcerted, that was it. He felt
“I work for
“Are you sure it’s safe?” He glanced up at his lover in concern. “Considerin’ the source, I mean.”
and he looked over at Sherlock in concern. His lover’s face was curved into a wide smile.
“I suppose it’s more his manner. He’s very confidant. You know, this is very unfair. I can’t ask you the same question. You don’t even notice these sorts of things.”
you to move.” He closed his eyes, snuggling in deeper, listening to the soothing rhythm of John’s heart. “Good night, John. And thank you.”
“Yeah, anything as long as it’s not wine. Can’t stand the stuff.”  He took the proffered glass of brandy, sipping it before setting it aside and looking searchingly at Mycroft. “I’d ask what you’ve done to make you think you’re good enough for my son, but I suppose dragon-slaying ought to count for something.”
want. I know you say you’re… attracted to me, but I… I don’t know much about that sort of thing. I know the basic
“Greg.”
what you prefer, or are you just treating me more delicately because I’m… inexperienced?”
are incredible, John.”
The creature’s form wavered back into grey smoke, condensing into the form of a man. Grinning, he stepped to the edge of the circle to stand in front of Mycroft. He was slightly taller than Mycroft, with a slender, sinewy build. His high-cheek-boned face was handsome and youthful despite his long iron-grey hair. Entirely nude, the only indication he wasn’t human was his strange, odd-colored eyes. “Better?” He stopped just short of the circle’s edge, looking curiously at Mycroft.
“Dad, being gay or bi isn’t a phase, or a choice either. Didn’t you know you liked women when you were sixteen? Did you doubt it one bit?”
“I guess it’s all in how you look on it. It’s a bit exciting, isn’t it? Taking that leap of faith.”
“Whatever it is, I know you’re a good man.” Greg led him into the bedroom, pulling off their underclothes and tossing them into the hamper. “I just wish you could see that.”
feeling things.
“Quite right. That was my thinking exactly.”
been attracted to another man, but with Sherlock… it’s different somehow. It just took me a long time to admit it to myself.”
: (24 April, mid-evening)
for not noticing before then. And God knows I do. I want to be better than that.”
in that, Mycroft? Most of what’s she’s done has been about her trying to
“Yes. What makes you ask? Did he say anything… strange?” Mycroft noted that the boy seemed to be incapable of looking him in the eye this morning.
“Do you really think they have a chance?” Mrs. Hudson tried to blink back her tears, clinging to the small bit of hope Tim had given her.
“Then switch places with John. He mentioned something about being between us…”
need him, desperately. Sherlock Holmes
“And you want
“Greg, what we do together; it’s all he’s ever known, and that scares me a bit.”
“You looked pretty pissed off back there. You
“I don’t know.” They were both a bit surprised at the honesty of his answer. Sherlock folded his hands in front of his face, considering the question deeper. “John’s a much more complicated man than Lestrade, although apparently even
, but
“Why Greg? There’s a certain commonality there with the other men you mentioned; tall, dark-haired, strikingly colored eyes.”
“Oh. I suppose that would make it easier. Well, then.” Not quite sure what to say, John nibbled a bit more on his sandwich. “I know this might sound ridiculous, but I’m still not gay.”
to it? Is it just… what
“Hello, Alice.”
hiss at you if I was… something that hisses.” John dropped his bag on the couch and grabbed the tree. “And
“I’ve never seen a bee that big! Aren’t you worried it’s gonna sting you?”
“What’s the matter? Didn’t you catch the killer?” John looked anxiously at the grim look on his lover’s face.
certainty. Luckily, I can’t imagine John ever
“You’re Death’s helper? I’m Mary, Greg’s partner in the ghost-hunting business.”
“Write a
about it making her stronger. It wasn’t until after she killed that she could move stuff. But what about the glow? Is that proof she’s different, or is it from the murder?”
“I won’t hurt him, John”, Lucifer said gently. “Despite my reputation and my love of sex, I really am trying to help him.”
“No, of course not. It’s just… I feel a bit uncomfortable, having you spend so much on me.”
“But I don’t like Spain. It’s full of
, Greg, please… I need your cock. Greg, my love… please, fuck me…” Mycroft begged shamelessly, writhing on the sheets, desperate to have his lover inside him.
“Fenris, is a skin-walker built like the person whose skin it took?”
“Yet the fairies at the lab were able to kill.”
“Now I know you’re having me on.”
“Thank you, Lucifer.”
“Not as yet. I don’t want to insult you, but caution seems warranted in this case. Like my furry acquaintance, I don’t wish to find myself being vivisected. I’d be glad to let Dr. Watson examine me here if you wish, but until we know each other better, I must decline any examination under conditions I can’t control.”
“At least there won’t be violence when we tell my parents, but I expect Mummy will be quite… difficult.”
“This is a trick. This is some sort of trick to manipulate me into helping you talk him into it.”
“What the fu-” Greg glanced at Alice, biting the word off. “
“I’m afraid so.” Mycroft poured himself another cup of tea, outwardly calm and inwardly dying. “There may have been some…
“I can’t imagine it being any better, with what you can do. It might be better for
“Delirium decides.” Steven looked up from the nearly finished biscuit. “Steven could fix but won’t.”
ago. Mary’s
John?” She tried to keep the bitterness out of her tone, but it seeped through despite her efforts.
“I know this is gonna sound crazy, but you know this magic stuff is true. There’s a very real possibility of massive fires around the city as well as bridge collapses. It’s gonna cause panic on a colossal scale. I know there’s not much you can do, but
“That sounds… very equitable.”
“And I enjoy submitting to you when you take charge. I’m glad that we’re both flexible in that way.” Mycroft smiled slyly at Greg. “But since you like me giving orders, go downstairs and get some water. I’m sure we’re all very dehydrated.”
and damned sexy. Look, I admit I like pretty. It catches my eye and it probably always will. But I’m not so shallow as all
“I’m… torn on that issue. Knowing my little brother as I do, I expect he’ll have John with him. I find I want you there for my sake, and don’t want you there for yours.”
“More? John, are you asking me if I want to top you?”
Greg had been right about Sherlock’s courage as well, and it made John feel like a coward in comparison. The man sitting beside him, who’d lived so long denying any sort of sentimental or sexual needs, had been the one with the courage to take that leap of faith and make the first move, one John knew he’d have never been able to make. He remembered the fear he’d seen in Sherlock’s eyes earlier that afternoon, when he’d begged John to never leave him. For Sherlock, showing that much vulnerability had been an act of courage too.
“He distrusts humans and considering what I know of humanity, he’s not unwise to do so. He needed some assurance that I wouldn’t use my knowledge of the Fae against them. What happened… it’s my fault, not his. I took the oath too literally. I’m not used to factoring in my feelings, and the Fae are very empathic. I am… sorry, John.”
“I’m not so sure Oberon’s not evil. He tricked you, after all.”
inevitable.”
“Yeah, but you know I like a little pain mixed with my pleasure sometimes.” He looked curiously at Fenris. “How much does it hurt?”
“I suppose so. I can see how useful an ally he’d make.” John said dubiously. “Still, there’s just something about him that makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. What would we do if he turned on us?”
“You should let ‘im. He’s got loads better taste than you.” Bill rounded the corner from the kitchen, looking critically at John. “Are all yur shirts plaid?”
from Greg goes a long way with Mycroft. Haven’t you noticed how he is with him?” She laughed. “He’s
“You haven’t heard a single word I’ve said.” John sighed and stepped over to the desk, laying a hand of Sherlock’s shoulder. He peered over at the screen, which displayed a forum discussion about psychic abilities. “Anything useful?”
“Christ. I…” John’s face flushed a bit at the thought, but his mind supplied an unsolicited mental image that made his cock twitch with interest. “I wonder how it’d work with a blowjob?”
“No, I just wondered if there’s anything that we don’t do that you might like to try…” His eyes grew wide as Greg knelt behind him, pulling his cheeks apart. “What are you..?” He shivered as his lover’s warm, wet tongue slid across his hole.
. He’s…”
“You know him. I’m engaged to Mycroft Holmes.”
“I’ll go and get him.” Mycroft kissed Greg’s cheek and headed towards the garden. He found the boy surrounded by fairies, noting they were even more brilliantly-colored than before.
“That’s
“She’s
thing in common. They were all
: (23 April, early evening)
“Me? I’m more worried about
: (25 April, pre-dawn)
“Huh. It’s funny, but as far as men go, we were all virgins… except for you, of course.”
, all this time?” She sounded angry, bitter, and more than a little hung-over.
“Mycroft, I
“Do you have any advice on dealing with him?”
“I can’t
“The confirmed vampire.” Mycroft picked up the file, flicking through it.
“I’ve never been happier, Sherlock. Greg has a way of easing things for me that I suspect John lacks, and he’s much more comfortable with his sexuality. Certain subjects make us both uncomfortable, brother dear, and I fear John lacks the… expertise you may need.”
“I sorta thought he might not be.” Tim glanced up, surprised to see Mycroft was blushing as well. “Is he like a werewolf or something?”
: (21 April, early morning)
“I’ll do what I can, but you know how slowly things move.”
“But why me? You’ve gone through a great deal of trouble on my behalf. What makes me more important than the no doubt millions of other people you could be trying to save?”
“That makes a certain sense, but it doesn’t answer my question. How do I know the things I sense are real?”
too fast for that.” Greg shuddered, remembering how the man had moved across the room faster than he could see. “He says his top running speed clocks out at a little under 80 kilometers an hour, and I got no reason to doubt him.”
“I love you”, he whispered softly.
“He asked me if I’d go out with him sometime and I said yes. I’ll admit he seemed scary at first, but he seems really very… gentle and sweet.”
“Sherlock, wait. I need to know what happened. Were many people killed? Is the team alright? I remember something about Anthea not being back… And what about Mary? Has she returned yet? And Rosie and the others; are they coming home soon? What happened with Eurus and Moriarty?”
“And now you’ll have three. Do you think
“That one’s mine. The other one’s for you. Why are you still dressed?” Sherlock smiled and began shedding his own clothes.
“And his name?”
Twenty-nine steps. She paced out the width of her cell again. Thirty steps. How very odd, she thought. Again. Thirty steps. Once more. Twenty nine steps. After several more passes, she realized it was a binary code.
“John, can I stay in yur room tonight?”
“Maybe it
“So there are different breeds of werewolves and some types are immortal?”
like a long time, but for John, it felt like forever. Lucifer pulled Sherlock closer, wrapping his wings around him and obscuring John’s view of what was happening. It seemed like an eternity before he finally released him.
“That might present some difficulties.” Sherlock glanced at Thomas, hoping the vampire’s hearing wasn’t keen enough to hear Lucifer. The vampire might be willing to bond with Fenris through sex, but he was uncomfortable putting that much power in his hands.
“Then it’s settled. Are you alright? I do need to be somewhere soon, but I don’t want to leave if you’re still feeling… distressed by this.”
all this?”, he asked as they headed up the stairs to the flat.
“I don’t have anywhere else to put him right now. Put the polyscias there in the center and come meet Steven.”
: (22 April, morning)
“God, yes. Every time I think it couldn’t possibly get any better, it does. The blowjobs you give are beyond incredible, you get me off every time you top me, and just the thought of being inside you makes me hard as a rock. And watching you cum… Do you have any idea what that does to me? You are gorgeously, heart-wrenchingly beautiful when you orgasm and watching you, knowing
“Sherlock, I have a daughter and a job. There’s
“They’re really amazing! I can’t believe they’re real. One even landed in my hand. Uncle Greg says I can help feed them in the morning.”
Fenris lay there, slowly healing. He tried to struggle to his feet so he could go to the aid of his pack but he fell back to the ground, hacking up blood and river water. It would be a while before he’d heal enough to be able to move. His small howl of misery sounded more like a whimper.
“Thank you, Bran. Anthea, are you well enough to go get some water? Alexander should have some in the car.”
him to cooperate, and it took some
“Yeah? Come here with that sexy ass.” Mycroft walked over to him, circling Greg’s cock with his long fingers and kissing him passionately. Greg took the lube from his hand and poured it into his palm, warming it before he spread it on his fingers. “Lean on the counter, lover.”
As they reached to top of the tower, they saw the dragon was already completely encased in thick layers of ice. Mycroft was on his knees, less than a meter from it, hands shaking with grief and exhaustion as he raised them for another spell. Anthea landed the nightmare behind him as Greg called out.
“There’s a small herd of deer, but I’d rather us not kill any of them. I’ve just re-established them and I’m trying to build their numbers up.”
“Oh…  I see what your problem is. You think she’s
“You don’t even know him.”
“Fuck, my Dad’s here too. How far does magic reach now? Is Bridgewater far enough away to be safe?”
“You already have. Bein’ with you is the best thing that’s ever happened to me. I’ve been in love before, but never like this.” His deep brown eyes shone with happiness. “Now come on, lover. Let’s get some sleep while we can.”
“Really?” Sherlock’s lips curled in amusement. He raised an eyebrow in curiosity, looking at Lucifer. “May I?”
After a while with no response to his increasingly loud knocks, he took out his key and let himself into the flat. Sherlock was huddled in his chair, cocooned in a frayed, garishly colored afghan of dubious cleanliness. He looked lost, and he’d obviously not eaten, slept or shaved. His eyes looked dark against his pale skin, and his cheekbones were sharper, his hair disheveled. John felt a sudden urge to hug him, which he completely ignored. Instead, he took off his coat and settled into his chair.
“Yes.” Knowing he’d want one, Mycroft handed him a glass of his finest brandy. “I’d like to ask your advice, but I really should thank you first for all you’ve done. Without the book you gave Sherlock and your assistance with the dragon, we’d be in a very different situation right now.”
: (16 April, late evening)
, Greg? You did say it takes time, that sort of thing, and it’s only been a few days. I… I’m not very good with
a vulnerable side to let that happen.
. So what? Do you think mere sexual desire would induce me to do all I’ve already done for him? I’ve made his brother the most powerful sorcerer in the world, answered all his questions regardless of his appalling lack of timing, and taken on a dragon in the most humiliating battle of my life. Do you really think I did all that just to get laid?”
“Ghosts? The dear but not quite departed Mrs. Watson, I presume.”
“Sherlock, dear, will you please tell me what this is all about?” Mrs. Hudson handed John the tray with the girls’ breakfast and looked up at Sherlock, staring curiously at Steven. “How is he… possible?”
“Yeah.” Unable to meet Tom’s gaze, his bright yellow eyes were focused on the floor. “It’s not as big of a deal in the day, but I can’t… It’s really hard to keep from changing when I’m… you know.”
“Thomas told me you set things up so that he doesn’t have
“Around sixteen billion pounds, give or take.”
times, I am not gay. And I’m a responsible adult now, Mycroft. I don’t want to play spies with you anymore. If you want to see me, do it like a normal person, during normal hours. I’m going to take my daughter home now. Please be a gentleman and don’t make me wait for a taxi with my child in the middle of the night.” Exasperated, John stormed off, but quietly. Rosie was fast asleep, and he wanted, very desperately, for her to remain that way.
Only then I will teach you what you must do.”
“Just talk to John!” Sherlock was getting a bit manic, and she threw her hands up in exasperation. “There’s no point in arguing with you, of all people. But… consider this: if you are going insane and becoming a danger to society, who would you possibly trust enough to turn to other than John Watson?” She turned and stalked into the kitchen, vanishing slowly as she went. He imagined her standing by the mantle and there she was, reflections and shadows included.
…” Sherlock had suddenly swallowed him whole, the muscles at the back of his throat undulating around the head of his cock. “That feels so
“But?”
“It seems likely by some of the favors he’s apparently granted. He’s been included in acceptance speeches at the Oscars on three separate occasions, for example. Five times at the Grammys. Best-selling authors, athletes… all manner of people seem to have him to thank for their success.” His eyes sparkled with excitement as he looked over at John. “Fancy a quick trip to L.A.?”
“Greeting, servant of our King. How may I assist you?”  The gatekeeper was a very elderly lady in a tattered, black, hooded cloak. She was bent with age but had bright sparkling eyes set in her wizened face.
words for it! Which one is best? Whichever one, I want to do that. I want to make you so hard that you are aching to… fuck me. While you are doing that I can lick Greg. Then he can fuck me. Then I want to fuck one of you if you will let me. Or both of you. And maybe some more licking. I really like licking.”
“That’s just not true! I mean, you don’t think that about Uncle Greg, do you? Or me?”
“I was too afraid of scandal when I was younger, and by the time it wasn’t scandalous, I think I was just too afraid. I had my work, after all. I thought it was enough.”
“I wish I
to do with age. You’re a very beautiful, remarkable woman, and I’m sure I’d be terribly attracted to you if I weren’t… gay.”
“Well then, I guess I’d better do something about that.” John pulled his fingers out, loving the little whimper of need Sherlock made. He crawled up his body, spreading a bit of oil on his cock as his lover wrapped his long, trembling legs around him. He reached down, teasing the head of his cock against Sherlock’s opening. He felt Sherlock’s hips lunging upwards, seeking to drive him inside.
There had been, as expected, a great deal of publicity about their role in defending the city from the attack. From the news report of the battle against the zombies to the CCTV footage of Mycroft defeating a dragon with magic, nearly everyone in their group was being hailed as the heroes of London. Even John and Sherlock’s roles had been somewhat uncovered; street level footage had captured Loki’s miraculous rescue of John and Moriarty’s subsequent escape.
“It’s an honor to meet you…” Greg’s words were cut short as she interrupted him.
“Oh, dear Lord.” His fingers tapped nimbly on the keyboard and an image popped up: Sherlock and John, kissing passionately in a nightclub. He sighed unhappily, wondering how long it would take his parents to find out.
“Yeah, well, you better be. I recommended you for this job, so don’t make me regret it.”
“Who… who was that, out there with it? I could have sworn I saw a woman and a child…” Arthur looked over at his son, obviously a little unsure of what he’d seen.
“No, we just stopped by on our way back to Baker street.” He turned to his brother. “I’ll send you the rest of my report when I get home. Lucifer was most… informative.”
it comes. But you’re my friend, and correct me if I’m wrong, but I suspect I’m your
“He is, I think, a bit like me; potentially very dangerous, but not terribly inclined to be so unless he has reason. He’s a bit touchy on the subject of canines, especially in regard to wolves, but as there’s no wolves in England to be hunted, you should be fairly safe on that point. He could actually be of great help to you. He’s been in Hell long enough to know about most of the common demon types, and letting him devour the troublemakers among them is an effective method of banishing them.”
ability to lie. You’re
on the me. A few days later, I wake up and see
“The Fates?”
“A little worse for the wear, but okay. Are all the fires out?”
“If I were to accept your proposition, there’s John to consider. I value his happiness far more than I value my soul. If he were to show any reluctance or jealousy, you’d have to promise to stop.”
“No good, then?”, John asked.
“Then I will say this, just this once. It
name either.”
“Yeah.” He looked at John curiously, but didn’t ask.
“John?” The next thing he knew, Sherlock was on top of him, looking into his eyes with mild concern. “Are you alright?”
“I worry you’ll tire of
“He’s lying! He can’t see me, but for some reason, he thinks
“Off how?”
“A junkie that can’t hold a demon in a circle for more than a few seconds is useless. We’d need someone with real power that knows how to use it, and I seriously doubt anyone fits that description yet.”
“He says it was after our minds. Somehow it feeds on intelligence.” He repressed a shudder, horrified by the idea.
sees.”
“No. He only senses guilt, something a true psychopath has none of. He might be of use in finding out her greatest desire, but she may be able to resist answering. We’d never know if her answer was truth or not. But there is a way of determining her
“Yes, at our age it’s rather remarkable.” Mycroft looked smugly pleased with himself. The evening’s fun had included an imaginative array of positions, all spurred on by the magic of Fenris’s tongue. Having a God with sex powers as a lover certainly had its advantages.
“In love with Death.”
. The tree in your realm is only a reflection of the real tree.”
“Yes, Sir, Uncle Mycroft. Uncle Greg made me promise.”
“That’s not what I meant.” He stroked Sherlock’s cheek, and looked into his eyes. “Are you satisfied with it, what we do together?”
“You want me in you, Mycroft? Do you want my cock inside you?”
“No. So where’s this… this Mycroft of yours? And where’s Tim? I wanna see my grandson.”
thing. Like the fact he’s the bloody
anything of use?” Mycroft sipped his tea and tried to ignore his younger brother’s restless pacing.
“We’ll begin with the immediate area and expand from there, if necessary.” Sherlock pulled out his mobile, looking for any information that might point towards a ghost in the area. He swept out of the door without a word, barely looking up from his mobile. He’d learned all he could from the scene, and he had things to do.
“Yeah, I think… if you don’t mind.”
“You want my cock again, lover?” He whispered in his ear, voice harsh with desire as he pressed his cock against Mycroft’s arse cheek.
Liam growled, his muzzle covered in gore and his eyes wild with blood-lust. He hunched over the half-devoured corpse, snarling and snapping to defend his kill. Thomas stepped back, remembering what Fenris had told him. He didn’t want to do it, but if he had to control Liam to get him out of here, he would do what he had to. Hopefully, the Wolf God would forgive him. He could hear the police, getting close by the minute, and he didn’t want to find out what explosive rounds would do to either of them.
do you even ask? Has your surveillance been compromised again?” Not bothering to hide his annoyance, Sherlock tossed the latest collection of listening devices he’d found onto the table. One landed in his untouched cup of tea with a particularly satisfying plop. “Why not just ask the new man you’ve placed at the café? I
good for
“Oh hush, you. I told you there was no one there.” Melisandre rolled her eyes, shaking her head at Arthur. “You’re just imagining things again.”
gay, isn’t he?”
made the first move.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean. We oughta give Anthea a raise for handling my Dad like she did. I thought for sure he was gonna make a scene when Lucifer introduced himself.” Greg leaned over to kiss him as he handed him a glass of whisky, then pulled the other chair closer so he could hold his hand. “I love him, but I’m glad he’s leaving in the morning. If he ever finds out he’s really the Devil, I’ll never hear the end of it.”
“With Scotland Yard?” He looked at Greg hopefully. “My therapist says I’m ready to go back to work…”
“I know you must realize I’m not very experienced with this sort of thing. You… you’re the first man I’ve ever been with.” Mycroft blushed faintly, embarrassed by his lack of experience.
take her but I don’t think you want me to.”
. He said you were to order one up for me on his tab.”
“You did a great job. We all did.”
“You and
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Am I? I don’t feel brave.”
me like that?”
“Like she had some kinda blue light around her. You don’t see it, in the jar?”
greatest desire?”
a danger to anybody. I don’t even hurt the
“Indulge me. Be unprofessional for a moment. I’d like to know your personal opinion.”
“The Nornir?”
“Oh, did you?” Greg grinned as he parted his cheeks, bending low to trail his tongue between them. “You like that, don’t you?”
to do.” Mary was leaned against the doorway, trying not to laugh at John’s reaction. He’d smiled for just an instant, then turned beet red. “Come on, Sherlock. Let’s get Rosie settled while John gets dressed.” She sauntered off, grinning to herself. They’d all looked so cute together.
“Very.” A small smile curled the corner of his lips, and a very genuine joy showed in his eyes. “I don’t think I’ve ever really been happy until now.”
“I’m pretty sure I’m strictly a top. I’m just not as…versatile as you.”
“Sherlock, there’s something I’d like to…” John sat the tree down and looked up, stopping in midsentence. Behind Sherlock’s chair, the space in front of the window had been transformed into a jungle of hanging plants which appeared to have been decorated for Christmas, complete with twinkling lights and garlands of glittering beads. A highly decorative birdhouse, styled to look like a miniature Chinese temple, hung from the center and there was a large blue butterfly fluttering around it. “What the hell is
“Seers can look inside souls. It is a part of seeing what is. I can do this in some ways.”
“Then what name should I call you by?”
“It doesn’t hurt, us lying on your wing like this?”
“It’s blank.”
Still shaking, Mycroft closed his eyes, locking the nightmare back in the depths of his mind palace. For a while, in his dream, he’d been seventeen again. It took some time, but by the time Anthea returned, he felt calmer and more himself. He stood and walked back to the desk, sitting on top of it and downing a full bottle of water before the dryness in his mouth was gone. She handed him a glass of whisky and poured one for herself.
“I trust you too, lover. You’re the center of my whole world, Mycroft.” He turned him in his arms for a passionate kiss, then led him into the bedroom.
“About what?”
“What’s that got to do with it?” He looked at John, puzzled. “Why does it matter, where they come from?”
“Oh, come on, John. Where’s your sense of adventure?”
If it had been any other man, he’d have been wondering how such a thing could happen and questioning his own masculinity, which would be expected. Instead, he was thinking about Sherlock and how
“Liam?” Molly found him sitting on a stone bench in the garden, watching the setting sun. “Can I sit with you?”
“None taken.” Bill didn’t bother to look over from his work.
Greg.” Greg smiled happily, knowing it had become a way for Mycroft to say
“Well, we should have plenty of room to run here, without having to worry. I’ve notified the staff not to be concerned if they should hear howling, and there will be plenty of meat for the two of you when we’re done with our run.” He smiled at Fenris. “And mead, as well.”
“He can touch me or lick me or do whatever he wants, as long as you’re the first one to… which word is best? Cum? Ejaculate? Shoot?”
“Handsome, incredibly charming…
idea?”
“Speakin’ of being pleased, I wanna thank you again for bein’ so good about Tim movin’ in with us. I’m guessin’ that calling you Uncle Mycroft was your idea?”
“You still sure you wanna go through with this? I don’t want you doin’ this if you’re not sure.” Greg stood behind Mycroft in the closet, nibbling on his neck while he unbuttoned his lover’s shirt.
“There’s nothing wrong with it you know; noticing someone’s attractive.”
“And there I am, laying there with my heart
“There’s no need to be nervous, Doctor. You’re in very experienced hands.” To illustrate his point, Lucifer’s hand slid under the sheets, circling John’s half-hard cock with an expert caress. He smiled as John gasped, then threw back the sheet and slid into bed between them.
“I have other titles as well, and abilities that are part of my nature. Besides, while I may have abandoned the throne, no one else has claimed it. Until someone does, I’m still capable of wielding that power. I just choose not to.”
“I’d much rather they were heading to Cadiz with the others. It would be the sensible thing to do.” Mycroft sighed softly, knowing Greg wouldn’t leave his side, nor would be abandon the city to its fate. “Neither of them will be much use if this comes down to a magical battle.”
“I think so, yes.” Sherlock sat back, pulling the afghan over him as an afterthought. “I said it was ironic.”
“Well then.” He sank down on the sofa and looked up at Mary. “I’m trying, really hard, not to be so… damned embarrassed about it around you. It’s good, you know; me and Sherlock”, he admitted softly. “He told me talks to you about our… sex life, and I just… Embarrassed or not, I’m happy you’re there for him. He needs that.”
Mycroft snuggled in under Greg’s arm, entirely sated and utterly contented. The three had made love several more times in a variety of wonderfully wicked positions, spurred on by the talents of Fenris’s tongue. He’d never imagined either he or Greg could get hard so many times in one evening, or so quickly. Mycroft suspected the wolf God had some sexual power, probably gained from centuries of devouring sex demons. He knew he’d be exhausted in the morning, but he didn’t care. It had been worth it, and he had no regrets. He smiled softly, knowing Greg had enjoyed it as much as he had. His lover, who had been so patient and gentle with him, had obviously been very aroused when Mycroft had begun to take charge. He drifted off to sleep, resolving to be more commanding during sex with Greg.
… fascinating.” He found himself strangely reassured by the knowledge that Greg could see her. “John, a little test, if you would. Escort Mary outside and see if the guards can see her.” He nodded towards the space where she should be. “And welcome to my home, Mary.”
“As for the rest of it…  What the two of you get up to in bed doesn’t change who you are as a man. You need to get that through your head.”
“But why? You can put me out of the house if you want, but you can’t force me to leave town. I know my rights.”
“For the
: (23 April, early AM)
to compel you. Please don’t blame Anthea. I take full responsibility for this intrusion.”
“No reason for shame? I ate people! I’m a monster.”
“Why would I ever
: (24 April, mid-morning)
: (14 April, early evening)
“Two more hours.” He glanced pointedly at John. “Three, if
“I thought a bit less formality between us might ease things for the boy. I’m sure this has all been rather difficult for him. He’s quite good with the fairies, by the way. They were very brightly colored this morning.”
“Sure, Boss. I’ll be right there.” She followed behind him, trying not to look nervous as he shut the door behind him.
are real.” He glanced up at Mary. “No offense meant. I
“Too small of a sample to establish anything definitive.” He sprang up and grabbed a cigarette from the secret stash in the Turkish slipper that he currently kept hidden under the couch, and gestured at the biscuits. “Seems only fair.” Sherlock settled back into his chair, taking a long drag while he decided how to answer. “I don’t know. I’ve felt an
“So I see. You’re going to have a new tutor soon, but while I’m here, Mycroft asked me to teach you some spells. Would you like to learn some?”
“Who are you?” Mycroft spoke softly but firmly, meeting the being’s penetrating gaze unflinchingly.
“Christ!”, Greg gasped. “That feels… incredible.” He looked up to see Mycroft watching him with a very wicked and entirely sexy smile on his face. Greg dug his fingers into Fenris’s shoulder, already nearly driven to orgasm. He felt the wolf God’s tongue tightening around the base like a cock ring, preventing him from cumming.
, I… I kinda
“Lucifer, help him, please. I don’t understand how all this works, but help him let go of the guilt.” John looked into Sherlock’s eyes. “I love you so much. I don’t want you going to Hell.”
“He thinks he’s turned dangerous, John! He’s afraid he’ll get locked up and he’s half decided he should be. He’s terrified and he’s all alone.”
John set the tree down, approaching the creature perched on his lover’s shoulder cautiously, looking for the horrible arsenal of weaponry Mycroft’s lab report described. All he saw was a large butterfly. Its underwings were light brown, dappled with darker spots, flashing to a bright, white-trimmed blue as it rapidly opened and closed them.
“I’d like to try a spell to remedy that, if I may?” John nodded his assent, and he drew another piece of jade from his pocket.
a relationship. You didn’t have to lie to spare my feelings, Mycroft. I imagine she’s a good bit younger, isn’t she?”
Thomas groaned as pleasure mixed with pain, nearly driven to orgasm by the sensation of Liam’s cock almost doubling in size inside him. He felt himself tearing from the size and the power of Lian’s thrusts, and he sank his fangs deep into the russet-furred wrist of his friend, seeking out the hot, healing blood.
“You did? Damn, that was really brave. I’m proud of you.”
“Yeah, I mean, you
“It becomes a self-fulfilling prophesy. Do you know this for a fact or are you basing it on your own experience?”
“Well then… What was all that? What was that thing?”
“I think so, Sir. I’m still a little high from the morphine… How’s everyone else?”
“Kinda. I’m a little scared, though. I won’t know how to act, with all the posh kids. Mr. Holmes said he was gonna get me some new clothes, so I’ll
“It’s not dirty, it’s
“Nah, it’s a different kinda thing. Up for takin’ a little ride?”
“I’m Peter Lestrade. I guess you must the man my son’s so set on marrying.” Peter stared at Mycroft as he rose from behind the desk in his study. He didn’t quite fit the picture he’d drawn in his mind. There was a sense of quiet power about the man. Despite his, in Peter’s opinion, overly-fastidious clothing, and the friendly smile he gave, he was far more intimidating and much less effeminate than he’d imagined.
“What’s so bloody interesting, anyway?” Still grousing, he sat up and leaned towards the screen. Sherlock was chatting with someone. He blinked, focusing his eyes on the name: Lucifer Morningstar. “You’re having a chat with the Devil. On Facebook. In the middle of the night.” He skimmed the text, then glared at Sherlock accusingly. “And you’re
“Top you?”
.” Good didn’t begin to describe it. “How… how long did we do that?”
“Well, that could have been worse”, Sherlock admitted as they waved goodbye to their parents. A good deal their attention had been focused on Rosie, and to some extent, Tim, which had been a great relief to both the brothers.
“I do seem to be, don’t I?” He slid closer, seeking as much skin-to-skin contact he could get. John felt Sherlock’s cock, insistently hard against his thigh.
“Well, generally
. Steven’s capable of transforming into a much more formidable creature, but
: (24 April, late afternoon)
“You are insatiable.” John smiled, thinking that Sherlock’s hand brushing against his cock was a much more pleasant wake-up than his usual alarm.
“Kat, have you ever seen a ghost before?” asked Mary.
still okay with this?”
“See if she can hear anything on the wiretaps. I’d like to have those verified, if possible. And the other two?”
“I think they’re beautiful.” She blushed, suddenly flustered.
“What, like exploding pens and…” John grinned, remembering. “…umbrella guns?”
“I have no idea, but we’re about to find out.” Loki rummaged around inside his pouch, retrieving the vial of lavender-colored liquid. He pulled out the cork and parted her lips, pouring it down her throat. He stood and stepped back, not wanting to be too close to her in case things got messy.
person. Now he’s apparently quite content being with Fenris as well, and with the idea of having three children in his life. It seems nearly incomprehensible.”
: (23 April, late afternoon)
, little brother. Been
“Fairies don’t ever harm human children, but they will try to take her, if you cut down the tree. She would live a life of honor among them until they returned her to the mortal realm for her appointment with Death. Death has no place in the realm of the Fae.”
“In what way?” Sherlock narrowed his eyes warily. This conversation suddenly had the potential of going in a direction he was especially unwilling to go.
“And medium. He’s called up any number of dead relatives for a chat.”
for that, will we?”
“I think we can overlook that. This may seem strange with Mary here, but you should know that Sherlock and I are a couple. Is that going to be a problem for you?”
“Oh. I… don’t know what I really want. I mean, I think about stuff…” He turned an ever brighter shade of red. “But I guess I won’t know what I really want until I try it.”
: (22 April, mid-evening)
“What else did he tell you?”
“I can say the same to you, lover. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me.” Greg reached up, pulling Mycroft’s head down for a long, lingering kiss, then led him into the bedroom. Fenris was waiting eagerly for them to join him, and Greg grinned, recalling a certain something he’d wanted to try.
“I am? I…” His words trailed off as he watched a very naked wolf God crawl up the bed to kneel between them. Fenris leaned forward, putting his hands on Mycroft’s shoulders. Mycroft’s eyes widened in surprise as Fenris licked the corner of his mouth, then placed his lips against his, gently parting them with his tongue. The stiffness of Mycroft’s posture began to give way to a different kind of stiffness as the tip of Fenris’s tongue trailed sensuously against the roof of his mouth. There was hunger in Fenris’s kiss, combined with a gentleness made evident by the delicate way he tilted his head, keeping Mycroft’s tongue clear of his sharp canines.
“I suppose it seems tiresome to you; my insistence on seeing things put properly away…”
“Well said, friend.” Thomas approached Liam carefully, speaking softly and using care not to present any threat. “Liam. It’s alright now. You can stop fighting. The police will be here soon, and we need to go. They may not realize you’re on their side…”
“Why should you feel guilty? You didn’t kill her. I did. Or perhaps Uncle Rudy did. I suppose I’ll never know if she was already dead when he put her in the pool, but either way, I was ultimately responsible, not you.”
“Certainly, detective.” He stayed in place as Sherlock slid a finger inside him, feeling the ridges of muscle that contracted around his finger.
“I saw the footage of you, facing that dragon. I don’t think I could ever be that brave. How did you survive that fall?”
“Well, I suppose so, when you put it that way. Someone’s going to have to keep an eye on you. I’ll go get my bag.” He turned to Greg. “But you’re going to have some explaining to do when I get back, young man”, he said sternly as he stalked out of the room.
“Fenris? That
“Because John’s… distracted.”
“But she does react to you, or she wouldn’t have disappeared when you walked in. Is it just the one room you see her in?”
“She’s been an absolute angel all day.” Molly laughed, gathering the last of Rosie’s things into the bag. “So I bet you’ll have your hands full tonight.”
“I think that’s a very fine name for a fairy, Emily.” He glanced at the fairy, who had landed on his shoulder. “We’ll call you Steven.”
“He’ll need to summon and control a hell-hound. Apparently they were originally created to track down rogue demons, so as long as Mycroft can control it, it should be able to find our demon.”
“Indeed.” Mycroft looked at his lover, letting a small smile curl at his lips. Anderson was far too nervous with him there for the fairies to come out. “I’ll leave you to it, then.”
“Greg and Mycroft?” A small sneer of distaste crossed her face. “I mean, I know Greg’s bi, but what does he see in Mycroft?”
“I do, Grandpa. I’ve
“I wanna be with you. That’s all the right you need, lover.” He slipped Mycroft’s trousers down, kissing his way down his body as he knelt to remove them.
have frightened him. Instead, it felt… comforting. For now, he could set all those concerns aside and concentrate on the
, really, it’s just…” John closed the folder and looked over at Sherlock, eyes suddenly searching for an answer.
“Oh, dear lord.” John muttered, quietly mortified.
“Neither am I. It doesn’t mean we’re dating, I assure you. We’re
, Mycroft.” He shuddered. “She sees the pattern of magic, and she’s powerful.”
“About ten minutes. The hand gestures are a bit complex to memorize.”
“Brother mine…” Sherlock looked at him warningly. “I hope you know what you’re doing. Have
“Are you trying claim he’s going to Hell?”
to hurt you, but I couldn’t stop myself…” He thrust Thomas away from him, burying his face in his hands in shame and sobbing.
“I am, Molly. Thank you. Oh, did you know Greg’s moving in with Mycroft?”
, one assumes. To just tuck it away and forget about it.”
, which would possibly be the
Mary that you saw.” Mycroft exchanged glances with Sherlock. It was definitely beginning to look like there was a genetic component to the ability to see ghosts. “Not everyone can see them, Mummy. It seems Father has the gift for it.”
“Sherlock, I don’t like the idea of you going to his room alone.”
John crept forward, raising his gun and taking aim. Before his finger could tighten on the trigger, he was suddenly grabbed from behind. A hand clenched his wrist, and he heard the bones snap before he felt the pain. The gun clattered to the ground as an arm circled his waist and he was dragged backwards, towards the edge of the building.
“Yes, I believe so. However…” Mycroft sighed, brushing a bit of dust off his jacket. “Fenris, you’re right in your deduction that I have little experience with sex, and none where more than two people are involved. I find I can’t predict how I might react. It may be that I might become… overwhelmed, or panic. I need you to understand that if that does happen, it’s not about you.”
“Yes. I’m quite a good shot, actually.”
him if he wants us to move in.”
“Since I became aware of the danger the cracking of the seal presents, I’ve been trying to assemble those with the talents needed to combat the more dangerous situations that we may encounter. My younger brother is a Seer. Last night he had a dream that we believe to be a dire warning of some terrible disaster that’s occurring, but he can’t recollect the specifics. I was hoping you might aid us by helping him to remember.”
“I’ve had the occasion to go incognito before.” He unbuttoned them, happily shedding his disguise in favor of his more usual formal suit. “Besides, you said the same thing about the body armor.”
“But what? I swear to God, Anderson, if you’re homophobic, you better tell me now. Mycroft isn’t gonna put up with any bullshit, and neither will I.”
“Loki? It’s complicated, Mrs. H. Apparently what we’ve been taught about that sort of thing is only part of the truth. Sherlock calls them Powers. And Lucifer really is the Devil, but he’s not evil. Being a Power is a bit like having a job, I think.”
happening, Alicia, and if we’re not prepared to deal with it, it could bring the nation down when the public finds out.”
“You may wish to sit down.” She sat in her chair, watching as he removed something from the box and made a series of quick, strange gestures with his hands
“She’s bloody
accidental on my part, of course. I recently had a, a sort of personal crisis. It’s complicated, but he found me in a… compromising position and… helped me through a personally embarrassing moment.”
bit, attracted to him?” He mumbled to himself, not quite aware that Mary was there in the background, keeping Rosie amused. John closed his eyes, covered his face with his hands, and quietly questioned himself for some time. He eventually reached a conclusion; one he thought the worst possible. He still wasn’t gay. The thought of
comfortable with the idea that he’s bisexual.”
. If you have some sort of breakdown because you get you find yourself
“Sure, I… Wow.” He stopped in his tracks, staring at the large formal garden. He looked at the hedges, wondering why they were beginning to look overgrown. “Did his gardener quit?”
“I could say the same of you. We’ve both had to change how we look at ourselves. I know it’s been difficult for you, letting yourself make love with a man. I think you’ve been remarkably strong throughout all of this, and I’m deeply grateful for it.”
“Can you at least give me something to go on? What’s happened?”
and I will if you make me.” He was trying very hard to contain it, but Greg’s temper showed in his tone.
. Which made him laugh, for reasons I cannot fathom, but that’s not the point.
“I’m going to go talk to him.”
“Oh, God…
telling Mrs. Hudson what’s happening by using her for an experiment.” John glared at him, then at Mary.
. Right now, I really rather envy John, who’s apparently much better at repressing things than
“How do you do that so fast?”
“Look, like it or not, they’re a couple, and we’ve got bigger problems than them to worry over. Greg dropped these off.” He tossed the files down on a chair and sat down on the floor, comfortably far enough away from Sherlock. “They want to form a team to deal with magic, and I think it’s a good idea.”
“We do need a pet. We could teach him to fetch and play dead…” Jim grinned indulgently. He really didn’t care that much about Sherlock anymore. He had far bigger plans. With his brilliance combined with his new abilities he could rule the world. On reflection, though, that sounded a bit dull. Maybe he’d just destroy it instead. He heard a strange sound, like heavy cloth flapping in the wind and turned to look. He recognized the face, and he started laughing at the absurdity. “Tom Hiddleston?”
“It should be fine in a day or two. Luckily Sherlock and I stayed out of most of the news reports, so we shouldn’t be bothered with too many reporters.”
“I’m truly dreading this.” He straightened his already-straight tie pin for the umpteenth time. “Please don’t take anything she says personally.”
“I assume you’ve been too… distracted to find out anything of interest, brother mine. Involving the
“Afraid?”, he laughed ruefully. “I’m bloody terrified. Sentiment doesn’t come naturally to me. Love is something that happens to
“How do I use it?”
. So if sometimes you bite me when you’re in the moment, then I
There followed a long moment of silence, in which Sherlock suppressed his desire to burst into laughter. Mycroft would probably rather be water-boarded than go to a sporting event. Whoever this man was, he must mean quite a lot to his brother. Sherlock made a few quick deductions. Male. Class difference. Sociable. Beer and sports. Mycroft wouldn’t care about someone he’d just met, so it must be someone he’d encountered on a long-time, regular basis. Probably someone he’d spied on extensively, given his trust issues. Not likely from work but
Fenris raced over to them as soon at the car cleared the gate, a small, damp child clinging to his back and laughing with glee. Mary followed along behind them with a large raven perched on her shoulder.
“Yes. I plan on announcing our engagement.”
“Agreed. I’ll need you to brief Greg on the situation as well.”
“What? Say that again. And explain what you mean.”
“That makes me happy. I’m glad you feel that way. It tells me you both think I belong with you. I don’t have any problem with only having sex with you. Our sex is really good. I just wanted to know how you felt about it.” Fenris grinned, totally happy that his pack-mates felt possessive towards him.
“And if we did? What then? Mycroft’s not worried that you’re delusional. He’s worried you’ll go off the rails when you
“I doubt it. Once his feather grows back, he’ll no doubt be eager to return to L.A. Unless you want to chance summoning someone, Loki may be your only option… assuming he’s willing.”
“That seems an odd conclusion to make based on a few minutes of CCTV footage. It sounds… absurd.”
“Bit too late for that, I’m afraid.” It was almost a whisper.
“Uh, yeah, I…” John spread a little oil on his cock and passed it to Sherlock. He had to admit to himself that Lucifer was a magnificent sight. His wings were spread wide, shimmering in the light, and his body was perfect. John’s eyes trailed down his back and narrow waist to his amazingly fuckable arse, muscular yet perfectly curved. Curious, he hesitantly probed the opening, sliding a finger in. He was hot, slick and marvelously tight, even past his entrance. Any lingering reticence John might have had wasn’t shared by his cock, which throbbed eagerly.
change, I… I don’t think I could do anything to get you off too… it doesn’t seem fair.”
“Pheromones, I assume?”
“John…”
the best lover in the history of sex.”
“Liam, it’s a very legitimate offer, but I don’t want you feel like you must accept it. Mycroft is a skilled negotiator and he can be quite intimidating, but you have my personal guarantee that you won’t be in any danger if you decline.”
“Oh, God, Mary, not
“It’s not the same thing at all.”
“Still disagreeing with you on this bit, but if you have gone mad, you’ve certainly not done anything I’d call dangerous. Not that I know of.”
“There are realms without number on the plane of the Endless. Each realm is a Power, each Power is a Position. I am my realm. Here, I am King of the Fae. The mortal realm stands alone on its own plane, separated from the Endless by the Great Void, but connected to some realms through the Ways. Beyond that there is nothing but the Light from which none may return.”
“Sherlock!”
“When I picture what it might be like to be in between the two of you, it is arousing, but when I think of him touching you, I worry that it might make me jealous.”
is your patient.”
“I can’t feel my toes, John.” Sherlock grinned, rolling over to face him. “Is that normal?” All his fears had vanished in the moment, and all he felt was a giddy, unfamiliar sense of happiness that was far better than any high he’d ever got from drugs.
“Harder, John”, he gasped. “Fuck me
“The crew at the lab captured another specimen, but it crumbled into dust almost instantly, just like the others. They think it’s a form of suicide to avoid examination, but who knows? And while they’ll write up the reports, not a single one of them will
“Something festive…” Her eyes darted around, looking for inspiration. She smiled widely as a teen-ager wearing a garish, fire-breathing dragon t-shirt walked by. “I have the perfect idea!”
“Of course not. Don’t be ludicrous.” Her brow knitted as she gazed at him in concern. This was the last thing she’d expect from the ever-logical Mycroft Holmes. “Is this some sort of joke?”
got to stop doing this; popping up at odd moments or in the middle of the night.” John rose, yawning, and trudged into the kitchen. “Or
“An interesting impression, and probably an accurate one. He is, after all, a predator in the literal sense of the word.” Sherlock frowned. “I can’t read much from him, John. He’s much like Irene Adler in that respect.”
that day, ‘cause of the ruckus Nat made. That
“That was…
As the aircraft began to descend, his mobile suddenly sprang to life, beeping with text and voicemail alerts. He pulled it out, alarmed, as Sherlock’s mobile followed suit. He looked at the screen, relieved to see none of them were from Mrs. Hudson. Most were from his sister Harry.
“I’ve got three months left on my lease, so if you get tired of me, you can send me home.” Greg stripped his lover’s trousers off, grinning as Mycroft tried to hang them while having his cock rubbed. “If I’m still here in three months, you’re stuck with me.”
“I literally can’t move right now.” He’d never felt so relaxed in his life. “Besides, I know how you are whenever we get in water.”
“I don’t want to hurt you.” He could feel the tension in his lover’s body as he slipped a second finger in, trying to be gentle.
that is related to the rise of magic is merely speculation. I’ll give you what notes I can and the audio recording from the salvage team.”
. And then John blamed me and abandoned me. And
“No, John. He’s in love with
delusional, and neither am I or Mycroft.
“I’d much rather you stay here.” Mycroft looked mournfully at his lover, knowing that wasn’t an option. “I couldn’t bear losing you.”
“Yeah.” He leaned down and gently kissed Sherlock. “There’s a lot I
“Greg, I heard you, behind the skip today.” She looked at him sympathetically. “I know this line of work gets hard. The strain gets to everybody sometimes. I just think it might be best if you took a little time, maybe talk to someone…”
“This is of
“Oh, God, Sherlock!” He came, pumping himself deep into his lover’s body as he cried out his name. As he finished, Sherlock unwrapped his legs from his neck and John fell on the bed beside him, smiling happily. He wiped the sweat from his brow and leaned over, kissing his lover while caressing Sherlock’s still-hard cock. “What shall we do about this, then?”
Sherlock moved, crouching to straddle John’s hips, and sank back onto his cock, slowly impaling himself with a long sign of satisfaction. He rode him, sliding up-and-down as John thrust upwards. John looked up at his lover, and felt his heart leap at the beauty of him. A fine sheen of sweat highlighted the angles and planes of his body, his pale skin was flush with passion, and his eyes half-slit, glittering with lust. He reached up, circling his slick fingers around Sherlock’s cock, feeling the heat of in his hand as he stroked it. They made love for long, breathless moments; lost in a sea of pleasure, lost in each other, together on the edge of ecstasy.
“Been what?”
thing we did this. You needed to know how much control you have during sex. Personally, I think we should do it again sometime soon. Perhaps, with practice, you may be able to maintain control over the change.”
ever got wind of things. However, there
“I assure you it is. I had difficulty accepting it at first, but in the last week I’ve confirmed the existence of a variety of supernatural creatures as well as becoming a sorcerer. This
Greg’s other hand circled his cock as he pushed himself deeper inside him, slowly sinking himself into Mycroft’s body. He slid himself in-and-out, watching his lover’s response until he found just the right angle for the head to press against his prostate.
, earlier. She specifically mentioned the secret lover case, so what was it?”
Molly was glad it was over. She’d worked hard to mask her fear behind professionalism and was very grateful for the glass of wine Greg had handed her when she’d arrived at the house. Once she’d become used to him, Liam hadn’t been so bad. When he’d taken his hybrid form, he’d looked like a massive, bipedal wolf. Slightly hunched as he stood there, he was just under two meters tall. He was covered in the same thick red fur he’d had as a wolf, but his body was much more heavily muscled. His arms were slightly longer in proportion than a human’s, and a set of impressive claws tipped his paw-like hands. Molly had nearly fainted. Then he’d looked at her with his expressive golden eyes, ears drooping, and slunk into a low crouch so as to not loom over her, tucking his tail between his legs. He looked embarrassed, and she was suddenly reminded of her childhood dog when he’d been caught in the bins.
“Yeah. He’s magic, so that’s why you can hear him. You stay out here with Mary for a little while, and then I’ll show you the house, okay?”
“I hope so. But Mrs. Hudson said next week at the latest, and Sherlock’s determined to drag us off to L.A. for a chat with the Devil. I’ll be very lucky not to be on a plane tonight. Which reminds me, I’d better grab some clothes, just in case.” John sighed, heading into the bedroom. “I tried changing his mind, but you know how he gets if he’s decided something’s needed for a case.”
“There’s only one way to find out, John.”
: (21 April, early morning)
“Sherlock. Quit being a drama queen and act like a
It had been a long night and they were finally headed back to Baker street. Sherlock had demanded quiet, as he often did, so John stared out the window, lost in thought and watching the rain. He kept thinking back on the conversation he’d had with Greg. He envied Greg’s easy confidence, and he knew he was right. He’d have to find a way to get past own his fears and uncertainties and put Sherlock’s needs first, or he’d end up destroying him.
“Thanks, in that case I will.” George smiled a little wider. The gays usually made George a little uncomfortable, but he’d always thought these two belonged together.
“No, of course not, but stress can do strange things to the mind…”
“Yes. We’re engaged to be married.”
choice is a luxury you won’t have with John.”
“Look,” Sherlock took a long drag of his cigarette and sighed into the mobile. “It’s a very simple question. Are you still distracted?”
, but her not running out of here screaming when she saw you kind of balanced that out. And Kat does seem like a very good mother. I think she’ll take good care of Rosie. Letting her help Mrs. Hudson take care of her while we’re gone was a great idea.” John was sorting through the shirts he’d brought over, trying to decide which one was appropriate for a meeting with the Devil.
“I am not a werewolf, but it is a common mistake to make. I am the God of Wolves, Fenris, son of Loki. Do I have blood on my face, Greg? I washed it after breakfast.”
“You are so fuckin’ tight and hot…”, Greg panted, his voice low and harsh with desire. He shifted his angle, slowly thrusting until he could tell by the trembling of his lover’s limbs he’d found the perfect one. “Yeah… come for me, Lover.”
“No. I’ve consulted with him about Sherlock for years, but he’s
“You can’t really do that, Sherlock. You can repress desire, but if it’s a part of you, you can’t eliminate it. It’s like… like that anti-gay therapy business. They can use negative reinforcement and aversion therapy to get what
“You are a conductor of light, John. You make me glow.”
well.” His smile widened as Greg stepped into the kitchen.
“That’s
“Besides, I already took the signing bonus.”
“Be careful, Mycroft”, she said softly. “I don’t have many friends left these days.”
“Did something go wrong? He was actin’ kinda weird at breakfast, but I thought it was just seeing Fenris change to wolf form…” The wolf God preferred to eat in wolf form, which Greg thought was just as well. He really didn’t relish the idea of trying to eat an omelet while Fenris ate a bowl of raw meat at the table.
for you; you’re my friend, and I don’t want to see you resign yourself to being alone when there’s some possibility I can be of aid. That’s the primary reason I offered in the first place, but it’s certainly not the only reason.” He smiled reassuringly. “I
“No, God no. If anything, I was just floored by it. That thing you do, the swallowing trick; it really is wonderful.” He rolled over, propping himself up on one elbow. “From now on, Sherlock, no more rules. It’s just you and me, doing what we feel like.”
“No. You fainted.” Mycroft hesitated, struggling to find a way to tell her she had magical powers. “What’s the last thing you do remember?”
“I think I spent my time in Hell more wisely than I realized.”
“Mycroft, this is…”
“Maybe. Who knows? What if we
“Could you be a
you think she is responsible.”
This sounded like a very good idea indeed to John, and he eagerly pulled him up, positioning himself and his lover. Grabbing his hips, John slowly guided Sherlock down, groaning with a long, low growl of pleasure as he impaled his lover on his cock.
“How about we make a little deal.”
“In a way. It will serve as the catalyst for what I need to do. I’m not just the Devil. I’m the bringer of light. You have a lot of darkness inside you, and if you can let me inside, I can illuminate it. It’s up to you to work it out from there.”
Greg drove himself in deep as he came, wrapping his arms tighter around his lover. He held him there, kissing his neck as his now spent cock slipped out of him, not wanting to let him go. He never wanted to let him go; if he could, he’d just stay like this forever.
“And that’s what’s got you so distracted? Mycroft and Lestrade? Why on Earth would that be of any interest to you?
“No.” He knew the instant he said it that it wasn’t true. “Maybe a little”, he admitted reluctantly. “What does it feel like? You do like it, don’t you?”
“So that is why you smelled like one of my children? You are trying to help him mate with a human female.” Fenris took a long drink from his mead, looking curiously at Thomas. “Why would you help a werewolf?”
Half way out the door, Sherlock stopped, wheeled around and stepped back over to him. He wrapped his arms around him, capturing his lips for a deep, lingering kiss that left John breathless. Sherlock sauntered out the door, tossing his scarf around his shoulder as he went.
“I’m gay for you, John.” John frowned at the words, and Sherlock cautiously reached out, placing his hand on his knee. “Are you really going to be alright with us being together? I know it’s going to be… awkward for you.”
think that being with Sherlock will make me happy? You know how he feels about love; the scratch on the lens of a sensitive instrument…”
love.”
of you is up for that sort of thing. And, as I said, I’ll need your council on this modern world of yours. I can’t be expected to follow your customs if I don’t know them.”
“Don’t you dare even contemplate it.” He glared at his younger brother. “I swear I’ll use every means at my disposal to have you dragged there forcibly, if need be.”
“My fault? Then I suppose I should do something about it.” He grinned, looking ruefully at his own cock, which was still soft from their recent lovemaking, and gently pushed his lover against the wall as he kissed and nibbled his way down to his cock. Sherlock moaned softly, twining his fingers in John’s wet hair as he knelt in front of him. John wrapped his hand around the base of Sherlock’s cock, and parted his lips, slowly and sensually blowing him until his lover was begging for release. He picked up the pace of his movements until he came, erupting down John’s throat with a loud, inarticulate cry.
“So, Timothy… Greg tells me you met the fairies. What do you think of them?”
scared. And it’s not John… but what he’s going through with me
“Yeah, I know it’s
“I’m not sure how much a chalice holds, but I’m more than willing to donate.”
“Calm
“You can see me!”
“Assume the position, Greg.” Mycroft’s tone was commanding, tinged with amusement. His lover really did seem to enjoy it when he became demanding. Greg eagerly complied, getting on his hands and knees as Mycroft knelt behind him. Fenris followed him, his long tongue gliding between Mycroft’s arse cheeks, teasing at the hole.
“He’s
“It doesn’t, I guess…” Inside the bag was a very fine grey suit with a matching waistcoat. It looked just as expensive as Sherlock’s but was very different in style. John had to admit, it looked like it would look good on him; like something he’d have picked for himself if he were the type to wear expensive suits. “This is really… I’m not sure how to feel about accepting it. I like it, it’s just… Sherlock, this must have been very expensive.”
: (18 April, afternoon)
as aversion therapy. He was
happened,” he shrugged. “It was
“You’re making him nervous. Steven, this is
“Gotcha. Perfect.” Greg grinned happily. He knew Mycroft would expect to be briefed first, but he was looking forward to the
for now.”
in love there’s nothing wrong with it. I’m not homophobic, but I’m not gay either, and I’m getting tired of hearing everyone
“Sure I do. I’ve got faith in Uncle Greg and Uncle Mycroft and the others. I guess the only thing we can do is have faith in them too.
John nibbled his way down the shaft, unsure in the moment just how far he was willing to go but strangely curious to find out. Working his way back up, he parted his lips, tentatively licking the tip. A single drop of pre-cum glinted in the slit, and his tongue flicked out, lapping it up. His body tingled with desire as he tasted his lover, and he parted his lips, sucking the head into his mouth.
Mycroft moaned with pleasure. In many ways, this was his favorite part of making love; that exquisite first moment when he could feel his lover’s cock filling his body. Greg began to move and he moaned again as the thick head slid across his prostate. His legs wrapped tighter around his waist, his thick cock prodding against his lover’s body as he fucked him. The low, guttural grunts Greg made as he pumped into him were incredibly erotic to Mycroft, and his whole body shivered in orgasmic delight.
“Well, she’s passed the fairy test at least.” Mycroft and Sherlock sat on the bench near the hawthorn tree, watching Violet interact with Alice and the fairies. “She seems to be talking with them. Do you think she understands them?”
“Yes! I mean, I… I don’t have a problem with it, but…”
“Because she’s a
am I without my mind? I rely on my senses; on my ability to see what others don’t. If I can’t believe the evidence of my own senses, then what do I do?
and Avicii,
“You don’t… hate me, now?” He glanced up fearfully, afraid he’d lost the only person he could truly call his friend.
“It’s not that. You were
“No, it’s just…  Sherlock and me…” John sighed sadly, knowing what he was about to say would hurt her. “We’re together.”
“Yes, Bill, you can stay in my room.” He turned back to Sherlock as Bill slunk past him and skittered up the stairs. “See how
“No. Why would you, knowing what you do about him and relationships,
“What you’ve just seen is only a small demonstration of my potential. From what I’ve been able to learn, magic was once common, along with all manner of supernatural creatures. It was sealed away from this world around three thousand years ago by a sort of barrier, but that barrier has been broken and it’s slowly seeping back into our reality. What has been done cannot be undone. Right now, the effects are confined to parts of England, but it will soon be a world-wide phenomenon. In a matter of weeks, the barrier will be entirely gone, and the existence of the supernatural will be undeniable.” He settled back in his chair, rolling down his sleeve and replacing his cuff link as he watched her reaction. Fear and dismissal had begun to give way to doubt.
“Completing me as a human being.”
He’d been right about there being a psychological element as well, and that had frightened John far more than any worry he’d had about pain. He’d been worried that he’d feel somehow demeaned by the act, but he didn’t. It hadn’t made him feel weak, or any less of a man. In fact, he realized he felt stronger somehow, and had an odd, unexpected sense of freedom, as if some barrier in his psyche he didn’t even know existed had been broken down.
. I’ve already had one groundskeeper quit, and another hospitalized. I’ve managed to placate them with offerings of milk and such, and I don’t want to take any further action until the lab can find a way to eradicate them effectively. Until then, they’re far too dangerous to antagonize.” He looked towards the kitchen doorway. “I wonder why those two have been gone so long?”
okay. I want
“And your partner, Detective Decker… don’t you care what could happen to her in all this? The police won’t stand a chance against some of the creatures they’re going to face and we both know it.”
you love me.” He shifted his angle and Mycroft’s moans told him he’d found the perfect spot. He felt his lover’s limbs begin to tremble as he picked up the pace.
, far older than I, but if you approach him right, he might answer your questions without cost. He is a social creature, much like the Fae in his love of pleasure and indulgence. If he resists, you may ask one favor of him, but you will then owe him one in return. And while he may take some joy in the game of deception and omission, he will not deliberately lie. Will you swear an oath on your heart to stand as a shield between the two realms?”
“Then it’s something you value more than your life. Your intellect?”
Sherlock smiled wolfishly and glanced at John, who had turned several shades of red.
. But his manner; he seemed… calm? He wasn’t…
“Sir, I don’t really understand all this sorcerer and oath-bonding stuff, but as for the rest of it…”, he shrugged. “As long as you’re happy and not hurting anyone, I don’t see how it should matter.”
“Fascinating, isn’t it? I’m trying to discover the mechanism.” John closed the door as Sherlock flung himself on the bed. He was trying to look casual, but his left hand was tapping nervously on the sheets. “You wanted to discuss something?”
“No.”
” Mycroft glared sharply at his brother, his eyes narrowing in warning. Years ago, not long after Eurus had been committed, their parent’s marriage had gone through a rough patch and their father had cheated on her, just once, with another man. She’d forgiven him, but she’d never quite forgiven Mycroft for deducing it at the dinner table.
“Well of course you’re together, you’re always… Wait, you
“Then that’s all that matters, ‘cause I want you too. I’ve never wanted anybody more that I want you.” He kissed him again, hands gently caressing his body. He felt his lover begin to relax, responding to his touch. He kissed his neck, finding the shivery spot behind his ear, then slowly began working his way down his body. Greg glanced up, seeing Mycroft’s eyes widen as he licked the head of his cock.
“People are gonna start thinkin’ I’m moving in.” Greg stood behind Mycroft, nibbling on his neck as he slipped off his jacket. He started in on the buttons to his waistcoat as Mycroft hung his jacket and put away his cuff links and tie.
“I saw you substitute the drugs she was injecting before you brought them to her. I knew what you were doing, and I knew you were impaired. The fact that I could have stopped you and chose not to makes me just as culpable as you, if not more so.”
“Yes.” He smiled tenderly at his little sister.
“Maybe
“Yes. What will you do with Theodore’s tree?” He waved his hand and the fog parted. Standing on the sandy marsh was a mockery of a tree. Twisted, tarnished metal and bits of broken glass reflected the sullen light, and leaves of charred and tattered paper hung limply from its branches. Several burnt and broken human skulls hung from the branches like fruit. Vile fluids bubbled up from its trunk, hissing as they dissipated into noxious vapors at its base, where roots of twisted, sparking wire thrust down into the cracked concrete that had replaced the sand.
, apparently…”
“It’s an advertisement, Fenris. It’s just a picture that moves.”
“Because I’m happy, for the first time in my life. Truly happy. Greg is, quite simply, the best man I’ve ever known, and I count myself as fortunate to have him by my side.” He sat up very straight, and looked her in the eye. “Regardless of rather you approve or not, we’re going to be married.”
“Don’t. We’re gonna make it through this.”
“Fuck! Next time, I’ll want gloves.”
“Greg, a certain situation has arisen that I think I should prepare you for.” Mycroft took another sip of wine and frowned unhappily. “My parents are coming for a visit soon”, he said mournfully.
“Would an encounter with fairies constitute proof to you?”
Greg leaned down, kissing Mycroft’s ear and whispering in his soft growl. “I love you too, Mycroft.”
“Not so far. Oh, except dogs. I was with Rosie just a bit ago, and Molly can’t see me, but when we went outside her neighbor’s dog went right off.”
His mind flashed back to Sherlock as he’d just seen him, sprawled naked and aroused. He could picture his cock vividly; the pale scars against the hard flesh, and his own cock twitched again, somewhat traitorously in John’s opinion. He sighed and went to the sink, splashing some water on his face. There was no use in lying to himself. Thinking about Sherlock’s cock turned him on. He stared into his reflection, wondering briefly who he really was and if it really mattered. He tried to remind himself he was going to quit worrying about labels.
with all these…
“How? How would having sex with the Devil possibly help keep him out of Hell?”
Greg leaned against the stonework, trying not to feel helpless. The ache in his leg was getting more intense, and he was worried about Sherlock, John and Fenris. He looked down at his sleeping lover, grateful that he was safe. He heard the sound of wings flapping and reached for his gun, then relaxed as he saw Lucifer landing on the roof beside them.
“There’s a magician. He couldn’t hold it long and the whole thing disappeared, thank God, but he drew a magic circle and summoned… something.
“Not even a trace of a limp. He’s in the kitchen, fussing over Mycroft.”
Eurus wiggled her toes in the cool, damp grass and looked at the name chiseled into the shining black granite. She sat on the tombstone, feeling quite pleased with herself. Her teleportation skills were rapidly improving. Her first attempt had taken her home to the ruins of Musgrave. It was much easier when she could picture the place clearly in her mind, and it had taken a few more tries to be able to get to a place she’d never been.
“Thank you, Fenris. I’m sure Liam will be very grateful for your aid.” Thomas turned to Sherlock as he stepped into the kitchen. “Ah, Sherlock, any further news on our situation?”
“It’s just really beautiful to see, and I mean it when I say I’m happy for both of you. He needs you.” She stood up straight, bracing herself to go back to facing the supernatural. “You’re a good man; like family to me, and I’m glad you need him too.”
that.”
, John.”
straight?”
“I know, but just because Rosie
“Hello, who’s this, then?” Anthea took the body armor suit that Greg handed her, looking curiously at the little girl peering uncertainly at her from behind Greg’s legs. She was clad in an oddly Victorian looking pink and black dress, and water dripped constantly from her, disappearing as it dripped off. “A ghost?”
just Sherlock, or maybe one day you’ll see some random guy and notice that he’s hot. So what? How does that
, we’re all quite sure my mother has much to answer for.”
, and my place is by your side, regardless of the danger.”
“Fenris, slow down! Remember we’re not as fast as you.”
“Is there a garden? I could help out in it if there is.”
“Huh. Mary, would you mind touching him?” He looked at Tim, explaining. “I think you might be a medium, like me. When a ghost touches somebody, they can drain the heat out of them. I wanna see if you’re immune. It won’t hurt, if you’re not; it’ll just feel a little cold for a sec, but it can be dangerous if they touch you for too long.” He watched as Mary cautiously touched Tim’s arm.
“I’m the God of Mischief
“Your what?” Her lips thinned in disapproval as she glared at her eldest son. “You must be joking.”
“Go get the lube.” Greg nibbled at that spot on his neck, making him shiver again. He grabbed the mouthwash, watching his lover’s arse  with an appreciative grin. He hadn’t been exaggerating when he’d called it gorgeous.
“I was rather more hoping to get it
“Indeed. Your daughter proved a very good distraction for them. Speaking of which, I think it’s time I met Alice.” Mycroft reached into his pocket, pulling out a small piece of Jade.
“No. Like this, that sort of thing is a matter of trust with me.”
“Let’s go see if Fenris is out of the shower yet, my love.” He turned in Greg’s arms, bending his head to kiss him, then led him into the bedroom.
“Indeed. What prompted you to come forward and reveal yourself to Inspector Lestrade?”
safe, because that’s what families do.” She cried on his shoulder for a while, then pushed him away. Wiping her eyes, she looked up and grinned.
“Let’s see… Well, I’m cold to the touch; not that you
“Yes. I have one more question about being a Seer. There are things that I just
“He has atrocious taste in clothing as well.” Mycroft sighed, thinking of the dismaying number of t-shirts, sweatshirts and hoodies with wolves printed on them they’d bought. “I think we can agree that the toy shop was the worst. I’m surprised we didn’t end up buying the entire store.” They’d come home with a miniature army of dolls, an alarming number of stuffed animals and a wide assortment of other things.
, of course.”
“God! It’s going to be awful.”
, since it’s something you apparently liked before…me.”
if he’s got you giving sex advice after just one night.”
“Mmm, it seems John wants to watch.”
He was still making his mind up about what he thought about Thomas. His enthusiasm about exploration seemed genuine, but there was something predatory that seemed to lurk behind his smile, and Greg almost wished he had another vampire to compare him to. It could possibly be some instinctive human reaction, and not a real indication of his trustworthiness. He decided it was another thing he’d ask Mycroft’s opinion on. He wondered what effect Thomas’ transformation had on his staff turn-over rate. Were they suddenly unnerved by their employer? According to Thomas, only select friends and staff members at his London apartment knew what he was, and he wondered if their perceptions of him had changed.
one involves Mary. I
“Of course, John. You take all that in the bedroom, and I’ll get Steven settled for a while.”
“I’m not going to have sex with him, if that’s what you’re worried about.” He replied somewhat snappishly, still stung that he’d been out-witted by Oberon.
“Kinda. What I’m really attracted to is intelligence. Gender isn’t on the top of on my list of what I’ve always looked for in a person. There’s a lotta reasons why I love Mycroft, but that’s what attracted me to him in the first place. He’s probably the smartest guy you’ll ever meet. How did your dad find out you were gay?”
“We’re a couple. Yeah, he’s got a lot more money than me, but that’s what couples do; they share expenses. And it’s a great opportunity for Tim. He’s a bright kid, and if he does well there, he’ll have a good start on his future.”
“Yes… but to be fair, he did have the power to bring out hidden desires. But as convenient as it might be to say the Devil made me see it, that wasn’t exactly… I already knew. I realized it on the plane ride over, actually.”
“He’s staying the night. I told him he could use your room.”
“Good. He’s nice. He’s not a nice as you, but I love him too. Is Tim going to be my brother?”
proud that you’re mine. I hope you know, I would never betray you, Greg. I’ve been thinking about
Alice had jumped from the car and headed straight for Fenris, throwing her arms around his neck with a gleeful smile.
“Wakey-wakey, Jim. It’s time to go play.” Eurus bent her head, pressing her lips over the drawn-back, blackened lips of the corpse. She smiled, wondering if Jim would be the best friend she’d always wanted. If not, he’d at least be a fun henchman for a while. Jim always knew how to have fun. It occurred to her that as long as she was bringing him back, she might as well make a few improvements. Eurus took a deep breath, breathing in the dank scent of decay and breathing life into the cold, still body.
“Do me!”
person.” John took a swallow of his beer and leaned against the counter. He wondered if he could say it out loud. “I… What we talked about, earlier…”
A moderate existential crisis and a good deal of anxiety occupied him for the rest of the ride home.
“I’m glad he’s got Greg to talk to.” She walked across the room, peering over Sherlock’s shoulder.
“A rather… unusual and alarming security matter has developed, one I thought it best to confer with you about privately before I inform the rest of the council.”
“Do you want me inside you, John?”
The phone clattered to the ground as he was shrouded in sudden mist. It seeped into him, feeding on his mind before moving on. His living but mindless body fell with a thud as the creature moved on, its scattered and fragmented thoughts only slightly more ordered by the mind it had absorbed. It wasn’t nearly enough, and it still hungered.
normal; you know you can’t judge yourself by them.”
what I was gambling with, even for the work, I wouldn’t have taken the risk.”
“Of course I don’t.” He gave Liam a toothy grin. “We creatures of the night have to stick together, after all.”
“Why not? You do still want to marry me, don’t you?”
the pretty one. I’m not… pretty, Greg. I’m a plain, unpleasant, middle-aged man, fighting a currently losing battle with both his waistline and his hairline, and I just do not understand
“Hungering? For what?”
“I promise, Alice. I’ve just got a few things to do and then I’ll come get you.”
“No, I… It’s just
“Who am I? I don’t seem to remember
“I don’t know sweetheart, but it’s all over now. She’ll never be able to hurt you again.” The toughened Inspector found himself blinking back tears. How could he explain to this innocent child that she was dead because her own Mother had drowned her in the bath? He leaned against the wall behind the skip and sat down on the pavement, watching as the gurney rolled out to the ambulance. His hands were shaking as he reached into his pocket, pulling out a cigarette and his lighter.
“Agreed”, said Loki reluctantly. He sighed. Six months was the blink of an eye to an immortal, but nonetheless, he knew it was going to be hard to stay out of trouble that long.
“I’d have to drain them of blood to the point of near death, and then have them drink from me in return. He told me that even then, there would be no guarantee it would work and in most cases, it would only result in the person’s death. It is, apparently, a difficult condition to pass on. All things considered, I must say it’s for the best. A person with my abilities would be a formidable danger should he use his abilities for evil purposes.”
“About that. You’ll want to resign at the clinic. Mycroft’s putting you on salary.”
small talk. We
“Dear God.” He grinned over at Sherlock. “I’d try it on you next, but I honestly don’t think I’ve got the strength.”
Last night, despite his body’s desire, Sherlock had to carefully conceal his very real terror of having sex with John. After
“Just how attached
“No. This time you were very lucky. You could hurt yourself if you use up all of your magic at once. That’s why you fainted. You used too much. You must promise to be very careful.”
“Sure sweetheart.” Greg knelt beside her, making sure her jade ring was still on. “Remember what I told you about this?”
“Because…” He took a sip of his martini, stalling for time. “Greg, I told you how
“Yes, very much. I’m sure you’ll see them soon.” Mycroft wasn’t sure how he’d explain it to them, but at least they’d know their daughter now had a chance at a real life. It might never be a normal life, and she’d never be a normal child, but she’d have the chance for happiness that she’d never had before.
I’m having this discussion, at this moment, with
. He shuddered a bit at the proximity of
“No. Part of my Angelic heritage. They’re far too pure to do that sort of thing.” He turned around, folding his wings and sitting down on the bed. “And you, detective, aren’t playing entirely fair. Fun as this is, you’re a bit… absent for this to properly work.”
“If you mean porn, then you’re right. Look, I gotta get to work, but I promise you, when I get the time, me and you will sit down and have a nice, open, honest discussion about sex, okay?”
“John, she’s got fantastic credentials, I liked her and most importantly Rosie liked her.”
“Faerie Magic.” He pulled out his mobile and sent a text to Mycroft:
with me, but it was just a lot of junk about how to get girls to do it and stuff.”
not gay, by the way.” He grinned at her for an instant. “And that’s according to Greg, so there. But I think I might be a little bit bi. It’s still just Sherlock;
“No, I…”, he glanced down at the organ in question, which was half-hard from Greg’s ministrations despite his uncomfortableness in the brightly-lit, mirrored washroom.  He’d deliberately ignored it until Greg came along, and this was the first time he’d really looked at it in that way. “I suppose it is a bit… good.”
“Dear God.” He sat down, quietly thinking for a bit as he processed the idea. “I’ll have to be careful. Now I’ve
calm down. It’s
“Yes, I’d think so, what with you never having had a… blowjob before.” It felt strange to say the word in the context of having just given one.
“I suppose they are somewhat useful in that regard.” He grudgingly had to admit that Sherlock did have a point. They would be good for public relations when the time came.
look? Like he always does, I suppose. Frankly I was a little too irritated to pay that much attention. I’ve had about enough of him kidnapping me every time he wants to chat about
“You like it? I thought you’d like it. I tried to get things you’d like, except you know, not plaid.”
been here! Quite recently, too.”
“They can turn invisible too?” He shook his head, thinking life had taken yet another very strange turn.
remind me of Dr. Watson in some ways, he’s much more aggressively…
“Ah. Yes, well, that’s the part that’s so difficult for me. I don’t think I
: (23 April, mid AM)
“You’ve
not to, but I suppose you’re right. It’s not even about what
“We’re makin’ a magic jar to catch ghosts in.” John stared at Bill, who shifted nervously. “He said you
A knock at the door interrupted him. He exchanged a quick glance with Mary and went to find Mrs. Hudson at the door. Sherlock had called her and asked her to look after Rosie. The mobile beeped again. Sherlock:
“Yeah, it’s just… it was very spontaneous, and frankly, knowing how he feels about marriage, I’m still in a bit of shock that he said yes.”
“Do you go out every night? I know you said the moon didn’t have to be full for you to change.”
“Yes, to a point. He’s been quite helpful. Disconcerting though it may be, he’s been very up-front about what he wants from me. Loki’s motives are far less clear.”
glitch in the system is impossible. It would take
“Sure.” She looked curiously at the fairy, then at Sherlock’s left hand. “Is that a wedding band? Why is Steven wearing one around his neck?”
you, now.”
, John. I know the fact that I’m still sort of here makes it a bit complicated, but I
“Certainly.”
“I may be obligated to give you lessons, but I’d don’t have to tolerate an audience. He needs to leave.” Loki glared at John disdainfully. “We don’t want any distractions.”
“Yeah, about that…” Greg sighed quietly. He’d wanted to wait and tell his father in person, but now not telling felt too much like keeping it secret. “It’s not a phase with Tim, and it wasn’t with me either.”
“Yeah, but you’re getting good at showin’ it.” Greg leaned in to kiss his lover’s neck as his hands traveled downward, unbuttoning his trousers. “I know you love me, Mycroft.”
know?”
“Yeah. At least with my Dad, he’s already got that. Tony’s got three kids. But hey, now that John and Sherlock are together, your folks are gettin’ a grandkid.”
“You’re
A war had just been silently declared.
“Is that a problem, John?” Sherlock’s keen eyes surveyed him over the paper he was skimming through, looking for signs of regret. John had been surprisingly strong throughout it all, facing and overcoming his fears and phobias, but Sherlock worried that being outed to the general public might be his breaking point.
“Well, we’ll see you later tonight, then.”  Sherlock turned back to the computer, engrossed in reading Mycroft’s report.
“Obviously. The nature of this problem, however, is highly irregular. It’s something that’s going to be very difficult to believe, and I needed to get definitive proof before I shared it with anyone. Alicia… do you believe in the supernatural?”
.” He managed, just barely, to lift his head, tasting himself on his lover’s lips.
“There are now, Grandpa. Magic… it’s real.”
want that, John? Do you want me?”
“You really
“There’s nothing he can do, Alicia. A couple of the more conservative members of our little group might think less of me now, but quite frankly, I don’t care. I’ve got nothing to hide, and Greg’s record is spotless.” Mycroft looked and sounded sincere, but he had, of course, a very great deal to hide.
“I’ve seen it with my own eyes. Not the werewolf yet, but the vampire showed me what he can do, and it’s some seriously scary stuff. Bastard turns into mist and bats and shit.”
“Sherlock, if you
“Well, yes…” He leaned over and kissed Sherlock, slightly amused that he tasted of strawberries. “I see you’ve been testing it.”
“No, it’s just… he told me about Sherlock and him.” She shrugged. “I’ll be fine. We’ve both known how he feels about John for a long time. I’m happy for them, really I
not suddenly going to snap. Maybe I have, and that’s where all these… strange urges come from.”
not drinking alone in the AM of a weekday. And that makes
“There’s only one God, boy.” Peter looked at his grandson sharply.
, you two. He’s not as powerful in the daylight; or at least he
“It was… rather stimulating.” He was blushing a bit, but had a sly grin. “It’s not my
me you know about
, John.” He looked at him gravely. “She’s afraid, and I think her fears are merited. She’s trying very hard not to be tempted by the warmth. Whatever life-energy she absorbs when she touches someone is highly concentrated in fairies, which is why Steven was so afraid of her.
He’d paused briefly, contemplating the greatness that would soon be his. The world would be at his feet, for he would soon have a weapon at his command that would make even the hydrogen bomb obsolete. Built at the proper scale and launched into orbit, it would disintegrate whole cities; nations even, and leave behind it a vast and barren landscape or reintegrate them at his whim. This small prototype would be the first step on his pathway to world domination.
“They’re both far too emotional for that. Neither one of them is willing to leaves us, Mycroft.”
the Devil, and that power he has to reveal hidden desires… it’s not exactly playing fair, in my book. Dealing with desires like that isn’t exactly your area, and I’d have to know with absolute certainty that it was something you
“It’s good to finally meet you in person, Mycroft.” Thomas Challenger bared his gleaming white teeth in a smile as he shook his hand. “I do hope you’re pleased with the work done thus far.”
“Why wouldn’t you tell us that? We need to make sure this link, whatever it is, is secure…”
believes that Mary’s ghost is…  real?” Sherlock sprang up, quickly kneeling to inspect the area around John’s chair. The afghan was wound around him like a Roman toga and despite its garishness, there was an air of dignity about him. “Ah ha! Crumbs!” He snatched one up and popped it in his mouth. The air of dignity disappeared. “Mycroft
, but it’s cool.” Kat looked at John and shrugged.
He made a soft yip in goodbye and went tearing off, eager for the long run.
“Well, congratulations. Let’s just say the fare’s on me tonight.”
“Yeah.” Greg laughed, wheezing slightly as he tried to catch his breath. “It was amazing.”
“Perhaps you might just sympathize with a deeply concerned but socially awkward man trying to have a difficult conversation about his little brother.”
“It’s just for L.A.”
. They’re
: (a little past midnight, L.A. time)
them. Not that I can entirely blame them. No one wants to put their career on the line.”
“Then the one in the basement’s our demon. Thomas, how many ways are there to get down there?”
“Don’t be stupid. Of course, it…” He looked over and met Sherlock’s gaze. “No. Not anymore, I’m afraid.”
“I wasn’t hiding anything. This thing with us; it’s very recent. I meant to call you; I swear I did, but…”
“You don’t have to face this problem. Lestrade isn’t reluctant to express
“I love you.” He bent his head, whispering into Mycroft’s ear, his voice rough and low with passion. Mycroft’s arm circled around him, holding him tight, and he nuzzled close to Greg’s neck.
“Ah, well, you
“Her mother? How dare you? If this is some attempt at a joke, Rosie or not, I
“Greg, is this…
“Sherlock…
“Do you think it would?”
“I do like the idea. I need to talk with Sherlock about when I’m available, but I’ll let you know as soon as I can.” Smiling, he handed back the picture. “I’m looking forward to meeting her.”
“I know it’s none of my business, what you guys do or whatever.” Tim spoke very quietly, then forced himself to look up. “It’s… You and Uncle Greg; you’ve both been very good to me. I don’t think it’s wrong or anything, you guys and him.”
might believe in Mary that has you concerned.
“Does he have any weaknesses?”
, the
“Yeah, it suits you.” Greg gave way to the urge to ruffle his hair. It felt more like fur, stiff yet soft beneath his fingers.
“And you’re just mentioning this now? Why?”
“And with all the magicians and psychics and such, have you found anyone legitimate that you think we could work with, or rely on for knowledge in any way?”
“I don’t like this one bit”, he grumbled.
rule, about you being naked in bed…”
“So now you know, detective. We both know.”
“True, though I suspect Violet used a bit of magic. I looked twice, and couldn’t find that blue dress in her size. It seems a bit convenient that she just happened to find it on another rack.”
“I’m well aware of that, Liam, but I haven’t changed my mind. I don’t want you to feel pressured, however. You can still change your mind. I can tell you’re very nervous. I know you’re straight. I won’t be upset if you feel it’s something you can’t do.”
who did it. What I need is for you to get down here and
taking lives. I feel a bit guilty about the bugs, really.”
“I want to see you both. Can we get rid of this?”
: (18 April, evening)
“I don’t!” He said it very fast. It felt as if he’d said it
“Speaking of Sherlock, this was delivered earlier.” She gestured at a potted tree, about two feet tall. “Do be a dear and run it up when you go.” She patted his shoulder affectionately. “Have I told you how proud of you I am, John? I’m sure it’s been hard for you, coming out after all this time.”
“Can you see her, John?” Mycroft looked at him curiously as Alice recounted her adventures with Fenris to Greg.
“That’s a funny name. Why can I hear him talking in my head? Can I play with him?”
After a few minutes, it raised its cane up a few inches and stamped it into the ground. Gradually, other small insectoid figures made their way cautiously from the hollow, each one different from the other. Sherlock’s keen eyes darted about, seeking to categorize them. Ranging between one to three centimeters tall, they flitted about with wings like butterflies, bees and lacewings, colors flashing in the sunlight as they anxiously hid behind Emily. They chittered at each other in what sounded like a language too high-pitched to decipher. One group split off, gathering bits of greenery and weaving them into a garland.
“Yes, fine. But anything I don’t like goes right back to the store. Agreed?”
“Well, that should make it easier for you, then; coming out, I mean.”
“So you can quit worryin’ about being gay.”
: (20 April, early afternoon)
, Mary. I didn’t even notice until last night. I’m still working through the whole
“If you're inquiring as to romantic entanglements, no. Most of my life has been dedicated to my career. I was quite resigned to spending my life entirely alone until Greg came into my life.”
