“Yeah.” Bucky nodded confidently, pressing a hand to his chest and taking a deep breath. “I don’t the panic anymore.”
“We all must die at some point or another Thor.”
While he cooks Jarvis alert him to a text he’d received from Steve while he was asleep, and he tells Jarvis to read it aloud. He can’t help but smile at how it starts.
Tony nods, then drinks the entire cup in a few gulps, and breaths heavily. “God that’s almost better than coffee.”
He’s not sure how long it’s been when Steve finally comes down, but it felt like too long. He’s just about to breathe a sigh of relief when it gets caught in his throat at the look on Steve’s face.
“Yeah, you and I might have that in common.” Their eyes meet, and Steve almost forgets the guilt and shame that had built-in him over the last six hours. “I guess it's kismet that I've got a knack at fixing things.”
“Yeah?” Tony nodded slowly. “Is that not normal? The arm should be able to feel. Its written here.” Tony looks back to the table trying to find the page with the sensor’s information on it. But a hand on his arm stops him.  He looks back to see Bucky's expression of wonder and amazement looking down at where the metal hand grips Tony's forearm.
“I’d like to remind you they have twenty soda options.”
But not clothes. Everyone who faded took their clothing with them. Some things stayed, like phones and keys, metals really. But clothing faded. So, for there to be one lonely shoe on the road, it really stood out. You’d walked over to it, bent to pick it up, and that’s when you saw the blood. There was a light trail of it as if someone was dragged. Your eyes follow the trail and where it ends isn’t far, just down an alleyway a few feet from you.
He turns to the man, about to think him, for his quick thinking, but he stops short when he finds the man looking down at his palms incredulously.
“Good.” He nodded. “What happened?”
“Is it recurring or constant?” He stands on his toes, eyes leveling to Bucky’s shoulders to see if their even. “Is it in a certain spot? Can you feel it in the arm, or is it your shoulder?” Tony stops himself with a sigh. “I’m getting ahead of myself. If I take a look I can probably figure out what’s wrong. But not tonight, unless it hurts and you need me to.”
There’s nothing really that he can do except try and make sure they get to know each other so they can be what the need to be with each other
Bucky seems to settle at that, back straighter, once again looking comfortable in his own skin. Tony takes that as good a sign as any to move on.
Steve thought for a moment. “Tony, it’s not an option. You have to get looked at. It’s broken. Whatever you’re scared of we can handle it. We could- I don’t know, put you under a fake name? Do you have a regular doctor? Maybe they’ll be discreet.” He shrugged helplessly.
Tony sets his phone down on the couch and walks over to his workbench.
Tony: Hey
It hits Tony then. Strange wasn’t just trying to be extra with his last words, he was telling Tony.
“I do! But come on, You know your limits, you should have known that could happen. Going in there, grabbing him, you knew better, you know yourself.” Bucky pointed with his metal fist. “I thought you would have learned by now.”
“Well, I’m happy you didn’t burn it.”  Steve say finally.
No. No. He can't tell Pepper.
“I need to check on your chest. You had a major injury there when you were younger right?”
A wave of emotions passed over Steve’s face, some Bucky couldn’t read, but he could guess. The relief was obvious, and the confusion there visible. But there was something else.
“Yes.”
“Green and Yellow.”
His cardio would be walking back, even if it is such a short distance. At the moment, it’s all he can handle. He’s barely handling his third rep often with the dumbbells, but he keeps going because he doesn’t want to look weak in front of the freaking bodybuilder who keeps cleaning the machines around him, circling like a vulture.
“And Thanos?”
“Y-your friend?” Tony eventually brings himself to ask.
“I don’t think you can.” Bucky presses the hand to his chest harder. “It’s not me.” He says. “I’m not anxious.”
“No.” He denies loudly with a laugh. “But we are extremely comfortable with each other. Or so we’ve been told only a hundred times.”
“Stevie! Steve!” Bucky calls, pushing his door open and walking over to the bed. Steve groans and sits up. He knows there’s not a fire, and it’s not fear in Bucky’s voice. It’s more like excitement.
He shouldn’t have drank, he knows better. It was stupid and risky. He can’t handle alcohol as well as he used to, he’s lost so much weight, and it’s been so long since he last had any.
Tony hasn’t had alcohol since he came to this apartment. Drinking alone is just sad, and he was sad enough as is. But when one ponders the sheer shittiness they must deal with on a daily basis because they themselves are just- shitty, he can make exceptions. He can’t even stomach a kiss.
The only problem was that they didn’t have each other by choice. It was them, or no one, and that’s not how it should be. They both had soulmates and the concept scared them both. That was because Bucky thought he’d never meet his, and Steve was scared that he would. That he’d touch them and they’d shatter like glass in his hands.
“Rumlow’s back.”
“I didn’t do nothin’ bad.” Bucky bristles, visibly affronted at Steve’s implications. “I was worried he might be hurt or somethin’ because he’d just fell, and then ran like a bat outta hell. So, I followed him.”
“I did mine first., you were just defending yourself.”
“Killian, hello.” She greets, placing a fake smile on her face despite the fact he can’t see her.
“Yeah.”
Steve sighs, heading up the stairs to the bedroom where’d you both left Tony to rest not hours ago. Now you’re in his place, almost same problem. Blood loss. The creature had managed to cut ulnar artery in three different places. Causing you to bleed out quickly.
“Is this about your strength?”
“Are you alright?” That voice doesn’t come from inside your head, it takes you a moment to realize that, you look up at the man who speaks to you.
“I’m not helping you on a suicide mission. I don’t care what Strange said.” Natasha says shaking her head.
“Did he tell you anything?” Tony asked, sitting up, and hanging his legs over the side of the bed. Facing Steve.
“You.” Thanos growls, stepping forward. “How?” You step back matching every one of his steps forward keeping the distance, but his legs were longer, meaning you had to walk faster. The stones in your hand pulse and send energy through your body buzzing through your bones like a vibration.
That was good enough for Steve.
Tony fidgets a little more. Curling his toes in the carpet. Just to give his mind something to focus on while he debates it mentally before settling.
“Is it Pepper or Rhody?” he asks. Rhody has a knack for talking Tony down from a panic attack, Pepper tends to absorb nearby panic and then throw it back amplified.
“Yeah.”
“I did.” He nods, followed with a nervous lick of his lips. “I just wanted to make sure you two knew.”
He stills tilting his head, listening, and you smile.
“I think you should tell them. Your life doesn’t have to change if you don’t want it to. But hiding your identity from your soul-mates is…” He struggled to find the word. “You may come to regret it. It can have disastrous ends.”
Tony shifted from foot to foot. “I feel like I should be doing something.” He says up to the ceiling. But winces as he’s blinded by the light right above him. The sun’s been down for over an hour and the apartment seems darker than it’s ever been. Which he knows isn’t true. He’s spent many nights in the dark, comforted by it. He’s worked in it. But he can’t help but feeling it’s not good enough. That he’s not good enough.
Tony smiles. “I can’t give you answers off blind assumptions, I need to get in there and take a look. It’s okay if you want to wait another day. I just don’t want to make any statements or guesses until I know what I’m working with.”
“It's true.” Stephen nods. “She’s out there somewhere.”
You can’t even hold back the laughter at that.
“How about we get you to bed and set you up with a bucket and I check on you in the morning?”
No one ever wants to touch the arm. Well, at least they’ve never asked, and they’ve never tried. They just sort of stare and try not to mention it. Except for the few people who ask too many questions about it. That’s equally annoying.
“No- you. Your hand. It felt warm. I could feel it.”
“My name is Peter too, but I’m from space which is cooler than that spider thing he’s got going on- anyway I'd like to thank you for saving Gamora.”
“Is it too much? We didn’t know if we should, and when we saw them, it just felt right.” Steve shrugs, looking around nervously.
“Yeah.” She sighs, sitting down at her desk. “He calls at least once a week asking for updates on you. Except I can never give him information because I don’t know anything.”
“It’s kind of easy when it’s one of the most famous faces in New York. You’re on the news every week for something, or your company is. Besides, it was a fun night. I tend to remember those as they are rare.”
They must have sat there for hours. Tony felt himself grow tired, head hanging as he slumped against the wall, eyes falling closed. He was calming, accepting this broken wrist. Afterall, this was the theme of his life. Things are going bad, and then they get even worse.
The red soulmark.
He sighs, looking up at the sky. What was he if he wasn’t the hulk? What were they together? What were they without each other?
“You’re good to go.” He says, holding it out.
“So, there aren’t any three-way soul-bonds?” Steve asks, skimming the rest of the Wikipedia page.
“Half past ten.” Steve says, digging for his phone in his pocket to confirm the time with his free hand.
“We have to get you to a doctor.”
He said out of all outcomes there was only one where they won. It’s possible that Strange saw that they needed to lose in order to get to an eventual win.
You gasp and jump back as he begins walking for you again. Quickly you remember what Stephen said. The yellow is the Mind Stone, and the green is the Time Stone. Meaning, you could control Thanos’ mind.
“This is fine.” He takes a deep breath. Honestly, Bucky had been excited that he’d have this time alone with Tony, which makes him feel a little guilty about it, in hindsight considering Steve’s already feeling like they have a stronger connection. An insecurity Bucky could see himself having if the situation were flipped. But that doesn’t stop him from wanting what he wants, and that’s to get to know his soulmate and share time with him.
“Oh.” Tony nods and finds himself intrigued with a random spot on the wall just above Bucky ’s head. The weight of those icy blue eyes suddenly feeling like a heavy weight to bear.
“No.” Steve chuckled dryly. “He actually tried to be nice to me. Said he wanted to start over. I wasn’t listening.”
It was painful, and gross, as the tongue snapped and pulled from the creature’s mouth. The howl it let out was deafening and it ran past Steve and out of the store, no doubt to curl up and die from blood loss. Much like you, he realized when he’d taken in the scene before him.
“Will it always be like that? Always you?”
Tony found himself speechless. To break someone’s wrist just going in for a kiss? That’s a new one, even for him. For a bare hand to do that damage to the counter, and come back unscathed.
“Still…” Steve says, not feeling right. “We could pay the difference or something.” He shrugs.
I was getting lazy so like halfway through I stopped putting what everyone was saying in quotes. But just for everyone who's in the reader's head. It's easier to just italic than do both, but that might not stay that way. I'm sure it'll be fine.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“And you don't know why he doesn't want anyone to know he's here?”
He hated to admit it, even just to himself in his head. But he missed Killian sometimes too, and it’s normal to miss him. Because besides Rhody and Pepper, Killian was the only other person Tony had trusted. Hell, he’d known Killian before he met Rhody or Pepper.
“Cover my he-” You’re only just making the movements, where there’s a terrible screech, and a semi crashes into the building you were just standing in front of, and only seconds later it goes up in flames, engine colliding with something causing an explosion, you feel the force of it from across the street and are knocked on your ass.
“You can do this Bruce.” She says, not bothering looking up as she sharpens her knives and watches her widow bites charge.
You were in a lot of trouble, and danger. Mortal danger by the feel of it.
“Steve that was once, and an accident.”
“Yes Sir, Bucky is right on time.”
“Other ways?” Steve stood, no longer feeling small, his face heated with anger, and his hands balled into fists at his sides. “Why are you attacking me over this? You of all people should know how hard this is for me!”
“It feels strange.” Bucky starts. Bringing his flesh hand up to grasp at Tony’s other sleeve. “It doesn’t feel the same. Like-- it's sensitive but dull at the same time.”
“Shh, Tony, it’s all going to be okay, I’ve got you.” Killian's voice floods his ears. Everything changes. No longer outside with the car crash, but not where he expected to be either. Instead, it’s his apartment, back pressed into the wall, and Killian's hand is
“Oh.” Steve looks to Tony. “Will you be alright?”
It’s opened barely wider than the span of an inch. Just enough for Tony to see this guy is a freaking built like a tall building. Mercenary doesn’t seem too far off from the size of the guy's arms.
“Someone is always looking for Tony Stark.” He grumbles back but walks to his room to change. He grabs a new pair of sweatpants and a sweater to help cover his arms. The clothes are baggy on him. He bought them a size bigger when he was a normal weight he doesn’t like clothes that cling. But now that he’s lost weight, it’s no longer about comfort but about hiding just how unhealthy he looks. How unhealthy he is.
“The fate of the universe is in the hands of a stranger.” Tony chuckles.
is why he works out alone. He doesn’t need an audience to the freak show that is his life. He also doesn’t want word getting back to Bucky.
“No, please don’t.” Tony shakes his head, cutting Steve’s apology off. “I just- I need to-” He points out the hall, and leaves, hoping the action speaks for itself, because words are failing him at the moment.
Tony yawns and his eyes fill with tears from the force of it. “Can you stay with me? Make sure no-one touches me.”
“Buck!” Steve laughed. “You followed him all the way home?”
It’s probably sad he couldn’t consider his parent’s voices for it, but now those voices torment his thoughts, waking and subconscious.
“This Steve guy?”
Tony sighs. “But I don't know what they like.”
“The what?”
“Not on your life,” Tony warns. “Just give me a second, I’ll be fine.”
“Double-bonded- a person with more than one soulmate, holding a more than one soul-bond.” Steve reads off from his computer.
“That’ll stop all the food from going bad.” He doesn’t mean to imply that he intends to have them stick around, or even move in or whatever the hell else it might sound like he’s implying. But it’s true anyway. Food tends to last so long in this apartment that it often goes bad. Never will he forget the smell of the rotten lettuce that sat in the back of the fridge for a whole month. He opens the boxes and walks around the counter grabbing plates and cups for the three of them.
“Sometimes it just locks up, he can’t move it, and other times it gives him pain.”
His arm is most definitely not okay, Tony is in no way shape or form okay, and he hasn’t been in a long time. So he doesn't answer that. “Is your eye okay?” He counters instead. He can hear shuffling, maybe Steve leaned against the door.
Dropping the pen, he reached for the phone and dialed Pepper’s number.
Steve: Oh yeah, when?
“What were you going to say?”
“There's a break between Noon and one, so I'll fit him in around there, there'll be a nurse helping on the case, I already told her who he is, and she's discreet, I trust her, Tony has nothing to worry about people gossiping.”
He lays you down gently on the ground looking up to Wong for answers. “This is Y/n?”
“How did you know?”
“Have a cold one time and try to sing, never live it down.” He groaned, dropping his head in his hands.
“Who knew it only took you losing a deeply concerning amount of blood to get you interested in the healthier options.”
“Does he? He’s making fun of me, isn’t he? Did he call me tone deaf?”
You chuckle to yourself when you realized Stephen lied to you when he said the supplies weren’t for you. Although that doesn’t bother you much. Knowing you would need stitches wouldn’t have made you feel better or helped you suddenly expect to see a creature walking around the streets.
“Touché.” Tony chuckles. The kid on the couch shifts restlessly and beings crying. “I’ll get the juice boxes.”
They talk for hours. Or at least, Bucky talks for hours. Mostly just complaining about Brock, because that helped fill the time. Taking Tony’s mind off the dream. Not that Bucky knew what exactly he was helping take Tony’s mind off of.
They just stay like that for a few minutes, then Tony remembers Steve and this might be getting awkward for him to just watch. He loosens his arms and Bucky tightens his just a fraction before letting go as well and stepping back.
“He looked down at his soulmark and… and then he just ran away from me.”
Who would throw parades for the Hulk now? Half of those who cheered his name is gone, and the rest, the rest know how he failed, how he went toe to toe with Thanos and lost.
“What did you do?” He asks, and you step back.
Dinner. Sounded simple enough, Tony remembers at time where he’d jump at dinner with just about anyone. Now it scares him. The very idea of it, and all it implies. Going in public, where he could be seen. Tony sighs, stabbing his fork aimlessly into the eggs on his plate, leaning his head back against the cool steel of the fridge where he sits on the floor. Something about the steady buzz coming from it and the feeling of it rumble against this back calms him.
“I didn’t do anything.” Your voice somehow echoes here, despite the open air. The adrenaline and fear coursing through you dissipated a peace washing over you. It must be the same for Thanos considering he’s no longer trying to kill you.
“Atta girl.” The man nods. He looks to Tony, and his eyes widen slightly, it’s the only look of surprise he gives. “This is my secret patient?”
He dries himself off and drops onto the bed not bothering to put clothes on. He doesn't fall asleep immediately this time. It always takes a while to fall asleep if he doesn't literally pass out from exhaustion.
Tony looked down at himself. You couldn’t see it passed his clothes, but on his hip was one hand impression, and on his shoulders were two others. They were pitch black perfect impressions as if someone had paint on them and laid their hands on him not moments ago. Not all soulmarks are black. They’re meant to stand out from the skin even in their untouched state. Rhody’s soulmark was as white as baby powder before he’d met his soulmate.
Tony inhales sharply, looking to the ground. Trying to think of an answer, because he’s at a loss for words. Although Steve’s gaze jerks up.
“Time to go fight Thanos.”
“What kind of jello?”
“What do we do?” She asks. It’s the question everyone’s been asking because they’ve got to fix it. They have to. The world, the universe… it’s depending on them. They can’t let it end like this, they can’t just lose.
“Okay.” Steve steps up. “Thanos has all the stones, and he’s- he’s done it. Wiped out half the universe. Which means… he might not be expecting us. He thinks we’re down, too depressed to fight. So we can… find him and get the stones, and set this right.”
“Pepper, it’s Killian again.” The woman over the intercom informs as the phone blinks with an incoming call.
Ten years.
tried dating. I’ve had to watch those relationships fall apart for a number of reasons. But why put myself through that when I knew you were out there?”
“What? How is that possible?”
Tony’s entire apartment had smelled like him. Brief moments of that clean air before the fire started registered in his mind. When they came back the next day the smell of smoke mostly cleared but was there, slightly clouding the smell. The smell of various oils and metals mixed well with Tony’s scent, years of working with them and it’s begun to have a permeant layer on the man. But right alongside it was the raw smell of Tony.
Even if he didn’t and it was all fine, there could be other people there. It’s a gym, while they might not pay much attention to him, the chances of being recognized are too great, and he doesn’t want to be seen at a gym five minutes from his apartment. There’s no way Killian won’t find him if that happens.
“Yeah, you didn’t know that?”
“No.” Tony shakes his head. “No, don’t say you were waiting for me. You weren’t waiting for
“I need you to come to New York, and then help me find Tony Stark.”
But he already made the decision, already gave up on this quiet six months. He’ll be found, and he’ll have to face Killian. Whether he’s ready for it or not.
“Because of a phone?”
“You'll never be bored.”
“Thank you.” He says. “And Pepper?”
“You met your soulmate!”
“That’s okay.” He says, running his hands between the couch cushions until he finds it. “I’ve got a portable charger around here somewhere.”
“I don’t know.” Steve said.
The movie went on, and Tony slowly tried to sink himself more and more into the couch and away from the TV as much as possible. At some point he managed to push himself
Steve replies immediately as if he was waiting by the phone.
Thor nods, and looks back to Loki. “That is the last time you die Brother. Real or fake.”
“I’m not exactly someone who needs hiding from the government, I doubt he’ll hide me.”
There’s a man sitting in a chair just down the hall, he stands at their arrival. “Steve, long time no see.” The two shake hands. “How’s Natasha doing?”
Life was not supposed to be this way for Tony Stark. He was supposed to grow up a spoiled rich kid with wasted genius. He was never supposed to know real pain. He was supposed to go through life coasting on his parent’s money and good looks, charm his way in and out of several collages, with as many degrees as he could easily wrangle under his belt, and begin a handsy worldwide search of his two soulmates.
Tony pinches the bridge of his nose, sighing quietly, and finally turns to face Bucky. “No- I mean- yes?” He deflates. “I used to.” He settles. “I still do. I will again, eventually, I think.” He mostly hopes, but he’s doesn’t have much of that these days. He hadn’t thought of it. Alone here, in his safe haven, it wasn’t a question, he could barely get to sleep and eat these days, sex was the last thing on his mind. But now with soulmates, dating, kissing, touching, it was a question now. More than ever.
“Pepper, I’m sorry if I caught you at a bad time, I was just hoping to check and see if you had an update on Tony.”
Bucky shakes his head. “Nope, it’s fine tonight.”
“You’re here with the rest of them, aren’t you?”
The question only serves to snap him out of whatever hope and happiness he’s managed to build. This won’t work out. It can’t. Telling them who he really is… that’s not something he ever wants. For more than one reason.
“Why do you say that?” Tony can easily make out the impression of fingers, the clay model looks exactly like a perfect hand, it doesn’t seem far off to expect the lines to be visible.
The ocean beneath your feet rumbles with a vibration in this peaceful world, and just in front of the gazebo, the water rises, taking the form of a woman. One with bright green skin. She steps out of the gazebo and walks over to you.
Tony shakes his head. “Why?”
“And you fought Thanos head-on by yourself?”
“So what?” You ask. “You offering to sing to me?”
Tony’s tired of talking about his emotional trauma. He plugs the soldering iron in and begins grabbing everything else he needs.
It took several hours to get to Titan and once you did, you were sure everyone knew exactly what they were supposed to do and would execute it to the best of their ability. Your own orders, however, had been… very vague. That was purposeful you’re sure of it. Maybe Stephen had just decided to tell you as you went since he’s always in your head and not in the others. But you also knew what you needed to do was harder than what the others had to.
Bucky was his only friend. They’d met in the hospital. Bucky had been brought in with a huge commotion, doctors barking orders at nurses for drugs and blood, which didn’t surprise him, considering the amount of blood that had covered everyone surrounding him. Bucky told him the story of what happened later on. He’d been playing on the train tracks with his sister when his foot got caught pushing her off the tracks once they saw the train approaching.
It’s thoughts like that that lead him to wonder if maybe he should have died as a child. Sometimes he blames Dr. Erskine. Maybe that man shouldn’t have tempted fate like this.
Tony jerks violently when he’s awoken by a knock at the door. No one is supposed to be knocking at the door. The mailman never knocks, and he didn’t order any food.
Boxers and a T-shirt on, he's leaving his room. He could eat but he's feeling lazy and he ate an hour ago. He's fine. He heads to the workbench and does a more detailed cleaning. Wiping down his chair and mopping the floor.
“Okay. You knock.” Steve says as they stop in front of the door.
As if on cue, there’s a beeping that emits from Bruce’s suit. They all turn to him and he looks down confused. “I thought this thing was done for sure.” He picks up the helmet examining the source of the beeping. “Hopefully it’s not a self-destruct kind of beep.” He places his head into the helmet getting a look at the screen, he realizes it’s Friday.
“It shouldn’t matter who or what you’re hiding from, I’m sure he could easily do it again, and we’ll pay for everything this time, Bucky and I have some savings.”
When her head connected with the ground, shattering her skull, and she woke up somewhere else, the pain is gone, the fear is gone, she just knew that peaceful place isn’t where she ended up.
“Bucky didn’t punch the counter.”
“You weren’t the first to try and kill me, obviously, you weren’t the first to fail.”
Pepper's voice fills the room next.
Looking back down at your palm you see the two stones have fused together, your blood acting as glue powering some sort of adhesive. Their edges curve to fit one another as if their puzzle pieces, and their lights dance across your skin, not like veins, but in perfect curved lines, Green and yellow weaving between each other.
“Hey, Tony, it’s Bucky.” Comes the uncertain voice over the speakers. Tony resists the urge to say I know since he has caller ID and knows what Bucky’s voice sounds like. It's the uncertainty that stops Tony from doing so. “Are uh- are you all right?”
?” You ask aloud. Wondering if Stephen is even listening, and if he is does he know what you're asking about.
“Don’t say it like that.” Stephen laughs. “It’s not bad. Come on, I can get you jello or salad.”
This was better.
“Hey.” he grows. Dum-E chirps loudly and Jarvis speaks.
“It’s a great place called, Noneya, capital named business.”
“That's Thanos?” You ask turning to Nebula and she nods. “He’s purple.” You manage. You didn't imagine him to be purple.  Or the size of a building. But that doesn't matter much now. The forcefield around him begins to crack with the Hulks addition and Thanos grunts holding off the attacks from everyone combined.
Valkyrie hovers above them, guns pointed down at the ready, and Hulk finally recovers charging over and holding Thanos’ legs.
“Y/n you okay?” Steve asks stepping closer. You nod quickly and straighten yourself.
“What- who? What?”
“Sleeping regularly helps you stay awake.”
“You have to lie Tony on his side.”
They only had each other, and for years that’s been enough, it’s always been enough. Just having one person who understands, just one person to share the burdens with. It meant the world to the both of them.
The bowl of cereal on the table had been neglected and grew far too soggy for consumption in his inner musings, Tony sighed down at it once he realized. He’s been looking at everything Jarvis could find about this project Arnim and Howard had been working on.
“Time for what?” Steve asks, walking into the room, clothes changed, and he looks like he might have showered.
You almost trip when you lose footing on the step flinching at the sudden yell.
“Not getting a lot of answers though.”
“What?”
Bucky’s metal arm slides down his hip, ignorant to the panic growing within Tony, pulling each other closer, and Tony feels the beginnings of an erection pressing against his thigh. It’s too much. Too far.
“I did. Just not how.” You look out the window. Its night out, and raining. But you focus on the lights of the city, the sounds of cars honking and people yelling.
“Can I hug you?” He asks, looking like he’s physically stopping himself from just doing it, and Tony is more than thankful for that. Today had gone differently than he expected. He’d originally planned to try and tell them he hadn’t wanted soulmates. But then they came, with flowers, the only flowers in the world that could mean something to him, and he just couldn’t bring himself to say it. No matter how the voices tormented, no matter how much he doubted, no matter how broken or messed up he thinks he is and how better off they’d be without him. He couldn’t form the words in his mouth and say them, and now he’s starting to forget why he’d ever want to get rid of them.
It's so strange seeing a color to it after all this time. He pulls the collar with his other hand seeing the blue out of the corner of his eye.
“Thanks.” He nods, and follows quickly behind the two, feeling slightly filled with more purpose.
“Stephen saw the future, with the Time Stone. If things don’t happen as he saw it, then… they could all die, and we’ll lose again.”
“Tony If we are going to fix this we need to be able to work together,” Steve says once you’re out of earshot.
He smiled as he continued making his breakfast. Tony had done it. He’d given Bucky feeling, to think after all these years he could have had it, not sure what it would have changed, but now it felt special, meant to be almost, that it turned out to be a connection he could have with his soulmate. He reached for his phone, tucked into his pocket, itching to call Tony, thank him again, yet he couldn’t.
“I'm saying it sounds like excuses! There were other ways you could have handled it.”
When the door closes behind them you finally relax. Thinking over everything that's happened these last few days. God, you saved the world- no the universe. You're just trying to get that wrapped around your head when a heavy pain sets low in your stomach and a horrible itch in your lungs. That serves as the only warning before a fit of horribly painful coughs rip through your throat, a stinging burn as you feel the hard object force break up in small pieces, and you expel them.
Tony: Actually, I was thinking about having you guys come over to watch a movie.
“Yeah yeah, okay. That works pick ‘em at random.”
“Just something I learned as a child. It’s quite effective. Even you don’t seem to be able to see past it.”
Tony closes his eyes, dropping his head into his hands and breathes, he needs to make himself feel okay, or at the very least pretend so well that Bucky will stop feeling his inner panic.
“Not great.” Tony exhales heavily. “I don’t usually have an appetite, and when I do- I’m too tired to cook.”
“I have.” Bucky stops him before he finishes the question. “A few times, but that was nothing, that was just relief. It was just to pass the time until I met you.”
What’s bothering him most is the fact that they're coming back. His soulmates.
Steve shook his head. “I’m not going to leave you on the floor in your hallway.”
“Hey.” Grunts a man at the front counter, rubbing his left arm absentmindedly.
“How can I help?” Bucky asks.
“So, you do like it!” Steve points, smile breaking out on his face, and Tony has to look away not bothering to hold back his laugh.
You sit on your knees listening to the sobs, of people around you, the crying, the screaming for lost parents, and children. Cars crashing from sudden lack of drivers. You’re almost ready to cry yourself when a pain whites through your head. You clutch it and try to ride out the pain.
“We have to go.” You stand. Listening to Stephen. “We have to meet the others. It’s time.”
“Yeah.” He looked at his shoes. “Bucky's on his way. I told him we were here, and about your wrist.”
“How will getting them free you? Where are all of you?”
You’re walking down New York talking to yourself, well, the voice in your head, not that anyone around can see. Yet, there are a lot fewer people to see you. Which you can’t even allow yourself to begin to feel grateful for.
” You nod because it makes sense. You were headed for the broken half of the ship when you’d seen it.
How is he supposed to work? Cook? Do anything he needs until he gets it looked at?
It was slow at first. The changes growing. What he noticed right away was breathing. Like his lungs finally opened, and he could breathe. He took deep breathes all day long, and he’d run up and down the stairs in the hospital, giddy, not needing his inhaler once.
“Why did you have so many kids going through the tower?” Something else Natasha hadn’t mentioned.
“When I’m hiding?”
“I don’t know. Maybe you did.”
“What do you mean you lost the kid!?”
One of the many ways i'm nicer than the Russo brothers- and everyone at marvel who helped create our shared heartbreak.
Your feet had begun moving before you consciously decided to. The boy was only a few steps from you, the creature had several feet of distance, so you got the boy well before the creature had crossed half the distance. You grew more concerned though when the creature suddenly stopped eyeing you and the boy carefully.
“Okay, come on, sit down.” Steve gestures to the couch, but otherwise doesn’t move. He keeps a safe distance from Tony allows him to go where he pleases. “Okay, just breathe. You don’t have to see him.”
“It’s Peter Parker?”
You flinch as you feel a different kind of power flow through your arm. It’s warm, not burning like before. It’s gentle as if you’ve been wrapped in a cocoon of blankets. Or the feeling of the sun on your skin in summer. It’s nice, comforting. The blood leaking out of your palm glows around the stones as it stains them. In response, the stones glow brighter as a result and you feel a wave of power wash over your body and mind. A pull in your heart making it beat faster, you blink and the world around you suddenly looks different. Lines of green dancing across the ground and in the air, translucent similar to smoke. It circles the air, the ground, and every object around.
“It would seem so.” That comes from the man you don’t recognize. But you do know that voice.
“Um, okay, sure.” He lies. “I’ll go when I can.”
All her life Gamora had to fight for her life. At first, it was starvation and theft. Her planet was crowded and starved. Her mother had stolen fruit that fateful morning. She remembered her mother waking her up, pound smile on her face, you would think stealing would give someone shame, but the joy of feeding your child seemed to overtake it. Gamora hadn’t taken the first bite when the screaming had begun. People pulled from their homes and lined up. Two groups told to pick a side or one would be chosen for them.
“Hey.” Steve says as Bucky walks over sitting on the couch next to him. The smell of sweat and musk hit Steve’s nose hard and he grimaces slightly, trying to ignore the scent. Bucky drops his head back momently on the couch.
Once the last of it is gone, you take a moment to let in deep painful breaths, the taste of iron blood heavy in your mouth, you look down confused at the objects stained with your blood.
“There’s a god of thunder?” You’re about to ask for more details but down the stairs, you can hear Wong say your name, and then footsteps heading in your direction. “They’re coming. Should I leave?”
Steve responded by carefully sliding a hand under Tony’s legs and one around his back and lifted him with an ease that startled Tony. He knew he lost a lot of weight and he wasn’t all the heavy, to begin with, but knowing and experiencing are two different things. It was also dizzying, not having his balance or his wits fully about him. He held Steve tightly fearful of losing his balance despite the clear show of strength and control on Steve’s part.
“I’d rather not.” Tony’s voice is quiet, and he fidgets with his pant leg needing something to do with his uninjured hand.
“I don’t normally feel anything in the arm but this pain."
Bucky raised his hand and knocked the door lightly. He was too nervous to knock harder, and Steve worried for a moment that Tony might not have been able to hear it, but sure enough, seconds later, the door pulled open and they were both met with a wide-eyed Tony.
“is that even possible?”
“It’s actually good you got pizza,” Bucky says, walking over to the counter, Steve following his lead. “Stevie here is always hungry, and I mean always. He can eat enough for six.”
Bucky shakes his head. “This- my arm doesn’t bother you?
Now they’re here, in his apartment, asking questions. If they find out then- then they might tell people, and people will tell other people, and next thing you know Killian will be back. Probably with a court order of some kind. He’s threatened it before. ‘all for his own good’. After what Tony did, just up and leaving, not so much as a goodbye, he has no idea what Killian will do. That’s the scariest part. He’s wanted to go home. To see Rhody, Pepper. He missed that ratty old couch down in the lab that always gave him a crick in the neck.
Loki’s breath came out strained. “I know.” He tries laughing, but it comes out more like a cough.
“Almost three hours. Stephen came by, said they'd be ready to do your scans soon.”
Bucky: Got any plans for today?
“Who.”
“What are you doing?” Steve grits out between his teeth, and you shake your head, not bothering to explain. You reach for the yellow one, holding back the wince of pain a the metal and rock presses against your torn palm. It’s hard to pull at first, almost as if it’s magnetized to the gauntlet. But you grind your teeth and pull harder. It comes free finally and you fall back, with the force you were putting into it. You look down at the stone in victory and smile up at Steve who looks incredulous. Then you step forward again.
“I’m glad then.” Steve smiles, and carefully nudges Bucky with his elbow so he’ll stop gawking and actually say something.
But everything will work out in the end.
“Fine, it doesn’t matter where you are, just the fact that you aren’t here. When does this vacation end Tony? It’s been six months.” She feels the rumble of the elevator as it lifts. “I miss you.”
“Don’t like olives?” Bucky asks.
“How?” Tony asks despite himself. Despite wanting to be the voice of reason and maintain a level head, he can’t deny wishing. He wants to make good on his promise to Peter. That everything would be alright. He just wanted it all to be the way it was before.
“Bucky suggests otherwise.”
She stops walking now. He can tell by the sudden clearness of her voice and a less out-of-breath sound to it.
Anything could have happened when he was drunk. He could have called Pepper, accidentally told her where he was. Or he could have hurt himself. If Steve hadn’t come by, and he really hit his head on the ground, Jarvis probably would have called an ambulance, then he’d end up right back in Killian's world. He chuckled to himself a bit hysterically. After all, he deserved that horrible dream. It was his own sick reminder of what could be if he slipped up. One mistake and Killian would have him, and he’d never let Tony go a second time.
Tony felt like he was going to pull his hair out. “I mean—you can’t base it off other peoples experiences. I could be an asshole. In fact, I am an asshole sometimes. What if- what if I made a big deal about your scars today?” He gestures to Bucky’s arm. “Or was scared of your arm? What would you do?”
At some point Steve had come right up to the bed, and his thumb stroked over Tony’s forehead, smoothing out his hair.  “Tell me what you need, I’ll do it.”
“Only when it gets cold out.” And every night in his dreams.
The horrid image of Killian stealing his heart gone snatched away by the unforgiving force of real pain. In its place was Steve, looking down at him from the side of the bed, a horrified expression on his face. A thick droplet of blood running down his cheek from a fresh set of cuts that Tony immediately knows is his own work.
He’s only been in there about ten minutes before his mind starts to stray. He doesn’t even realize it’s happening. One moment he’s counting which hit he’s on, and the next, he’s wondering if he remembered to send in the light bill. He had it in his hand when he went to make breakfast, but he doesn’t actually remember putting it in the mailbox.
Killian twisted the cap of his pen and sighed frustrated thinking about them all again. Tony wasn’t taking his medication, he wasn’t here, he wasn’t in reach. All they ever spoke about was what Tony needed, and they were all wrong. Tony
“What?” Tony pauses, looking down at his sheets, somehow feeling embarrassed or exposed. Why would Bucky ask something like that? Why would he even call this early?
Ten wonderful years Killian had spent getting to know Tony, breaking down those walls, getting into his mind, earning his trust. The connection was real, it still is. Ten years of glorious progress, and it’s all gone just because Killian moved too quickly. He got impatient.
“I met my soulmates J.” Tony comments still looking out the window.
“It was me! I’m sorry!”
Bruce looked up. “How do you suppose we do that.” Natasha steps forward, digging into her pocket pulling out smelling salts, snapping it right under your nose. You inhale it seconds later, and you get a rush, lungs drawing in more air on reflex in reaction, snapping you into consciousness.
“Another kid?” You ask, then there’s that voice again.
“I’ll need to get some scans of this, that’ll take a few hours. For now, I can give you something for pain. How bad is it, one to ten?”
Two hours had passed, Steve knew only because he kept checking his phone. Time went by slowly in the silent room, nothing but the soft sounds of Tony’s breathing as he slept. He looked no different than when he was awake, small, sullen, and alone. How someone could look lonely even in their sleep Steve didn’t know, but it nearly broke his heart in two. In so many ways he feels he’s failing. Some criteria for being a soulmate he’s not measuring up to because he hasn’t been given the rules.
“She said we’ll know what to do when we see him.” Bruce murmurs. Looking at them all for a moment before stepping back, he needs to see the whole picture. Maybe it was more literal. They all stood in front of Valkyrie’s crashed ship. Something must have happened during the landing, or before that, he doesn’t care, but that’s it. “How many people can your ship hold?”
Natasha almost offers to go with him, but she can see something else is on his mind, he may really just want some alone time.
“J, what day is it?” He asks with a powerful yawn, some of his words slurring as the force makes his eyes water.
“Okay, it was nice catching up.”
It’s cold. Snow falls in gigantic puffs from the sky, everything is covered in the white fluffy layer. It was beautiful. Tony stood in the field looking up at the endlessly white sky. Air blowing out of his mouth visible in the cold. His skin freezing. He forgot to put on his coat before coming out. Yet, his hands aren’t cold, in fact, they feel warm. He looks down at them, and the breath catches in his throat.
Tony takes a deep breath and decides to wing it. He’s good at talking to people. Faking smiles, charming ass-hats. Even when he doesn’t want to he’s good at it. It may have been a while but he could at least try.
“May I?” Tony nods, extending it slowly. The doctor holds his arm by the elbow. “Okay, I’m going to apply some pressure.” A gloved thumb presses just at the base of his wrist lightly until Tony winces. Okay.” He nods. “Can you move it?”
His gauntlet is missing and so are the infinity stones you had.
Stephen lifted his eyebrow, and set down the clipboard and stood, grabbing the stethoscope off the wall hook. “I’m going to give you a quick checkup; blood pressure, pulse, get you on the scale, you know the works.”
The dream started to fade and mold into something else, Tony still struggled, fought to free himself from pain and death. Fought to free himself from Killian. He felt his fist hit flesh and he went for as much damage as he could, digging his fingers in. If he hurt Killian enough it’d buy him more time to get away.
Thanos, he’s been called the most powerful beings in the world, spending years dedicated to studying the stones, he’s not even touching them, he’s got them on a gauntlet to harness their power. You should be dead, not- not whatever this is, and Thanos looks perplexed by the development too.
“Uh, wait.” You start, “Someone wants to talk to you.”
“You can bring him by. You’ll have to go in through the backdoor, do you remember the ones we used before?”
“Punk.
Her voice comes again.
“Uh, hi,” Tony says after a beat.
“I wounded him.” Thor presses on. “He’s hurt, wherever he is, killing him shouldn’t be too much of a challenge. Besides, I have all of you to help.” He gestures to the group of them as if them being around only gives him confidence.
“It’s fine. What did he say?”
“Stop!” It’s a reflex, not like you actually expect the Titan to listen to you. But he does. He freezes, the yellow power circling Thanos mind tightens into a sharp ring and binds in his head. You watch closely as a vine of red, blue, and purple wrap around the yellow and break it apart, allowing him to move again.
“You knocked on it last time.”
“Yeah sure. What’s this new look all about anyway?” Tony gestures mainly to the hair and beard. “You forget to pack your razor when you went on the run?”
“Yeah, I should have known.”
“You’re welcome. I’d like to meet your soulmate sometime.”
It’s been a few hours in that case. Good. “I just need some water.”
Steve’s expression hardens. “Tony, who is he?”
“Thanks.” You chuckle taking it with your uninjured hand. You hesitantly take a bite, you’re more thirsty than hungry, but the cookie will do for now.
It’s better than gore, and bloody bodies the city would have been forced to clean after this tragedy. It’s better than hearing the screams of pain. They simply floated away. Almost peacefully.
“Thanks.” Steve smiles, taking them, and carefully wrapping them around the entire length of your arm, making sure they were secure and cut off the bleeding. He knew it wouldn’t last long. He needed to get you out of there. Probably back to the rest of the medical supplies at the house. “Okay, we got to move. Follow me okay?” Steve said as he picked you up. The kid nodded and grabbed onto Steve’s shirt for extra measure to keep him close. Steve noted the lack of shoes and made sure to keep an eye out for the broken glass.
Looking them up would be smart, right? Figure out who they are. If they are trustworthy.
Steve couldn’t describe it if he was at gunpoint. It was just Tony. Layered with different parts, but all combined was his soulmate, and he as well had grown to miss that smell. He wondered if Tony had missed their smell at all or craved for them as they did him.
“He did what!? Why?”
Steve pushes off the wall and walks into the room. “You don’t need to hide your arm from him Bucky. He’s your soulmate. If there is anyone in the world who wouldn’t be scared or freaked out by it, it’ll be him.”
“Good afternoon sir, it is one-twelve in the afternoon. You’ve slept two hours and have not eaten for fifteen hours.” Jarvis’ voice comes down, fully pulling Tony out of his sleep.
“But Y/n said he was alive, that I had to find him.”
You look back up at Steve, who looks at you with something of confusion and skepticism. Which you realize everyone new you meet will probably have that look. Even with all the craziness happening, it might be a little hard for them to get past the whole voices in your head thing. Somehow, you’ve already stopped caring and accepted it.
“I will.” He promises, a small smile on his face.
Bucky: I'm coming. What room number is it?
Bucky laughs. “He has to click the numbers 172, whenever he wants something. It makes him calm.”
“And leave you to wander in a time of crisis. Seems irresponsible.” Steve smiles, and Tony rolls his eyes. “I could carry you if you’re tired.”
Bucky: Slow down detective any more accurate guesses and my "club" might get nervous
Thanos gets tired of this game. He shoots a blast straight up at the ship above, blowing the engine and it spins out of control, that handles Stark for now as he goes after it to save Valkyrie who’s still inside. He’s about to aim his next blast at the Hulk when he catches a glimpse of his gauntlet. He stills, eyes going wide when he sees two are missing. He looks around at the group confused. It’s not possible, no one should be able to remove them.
“I suppose. But how are you supposed to find him now? How is he going to find you once he calms down?”
“It must be hard.” Stephen nods. “You apparently have a lot going on, and handing not one but two soulmates won’t help you much either. Don’t let the news trick you, soulmate relationships can be just as  complicated as any other.”
“Who?”
Bucky would be at work right now and probably wouldn’t see any text from Tony until he got home in the morning. So, he would wait, ask him about it tomorrow if he could work up the nerve.
“No.” Bucky shakes his head. “From the way he looked, I’m sure he’s never gonna come back. We have to go to him.”
Moving, walking, cooking. They all seem too great of tasks for him to handle at the moment. He pulls his feet back up onto the mattress and leans back against the headboard, focusing only on the sound him himself breathing. Staying like that for hours, the only other sounds are stomping of neighbors and Jarvis occasionally updating him that he’s safe and alone.
“What?” Something in Tony’s posture falters the walls he’s putting up to protect himself from Steve, they crack open just a little. “What did you just say?”
“Yeah, and?”
Steve looks down at his sweaty palms, both pitch black. He’s going to meet his soulmate and touch them with both hands when he meets them, and that scares him every time he thinks about it. He’s too strong. What if he breaks them? What if he clutches them too tightly and… and they explode! It’s clearly not a handshake, no one shakes with two hands, and even if they do, he doesn’t. It’s got to be a grab or a push of some sort, and he could really hurt his soulmate or even kill them.
“That’d be me.” The raccoon says and you smile because it talks!
The room is well lit, and the windows are pulled open, but with the rainy weather, it's not as bright as Tony would like it. His lab had much better lighting, he missed it now more than ever. For now, he makes do with a pen flashlight.
“What time is it Jay?” Tony asks,
“Tuesday, the thirteenth, Sir.”
“Bruce, he’s a guy we work with, we share a friend, Natasha, and when she moved here she didn’t have her visa, and when she broke her ankle she didn’t want to go to any doctors because they’d report her. Bruce went to med school before dropping out, and he had this friend who has his own practice now. They took Natasha there and he helped her completely off the books, only had her pay for pain meds.”
That’s where he’s fallen to. Someone so afraid of the world, of people, that he can’t kiss his soulmate without nearing panic attack territory. If there was anything to make a toast to, it’s this. It feels a bit like playing music as the ship goes down.
“Sir, it is eight-twelve in the morning, you have been asleep six hours, you haven’t eaten in ten hours, you are safe and alone.”
“And Tony?”
Bruce looks confused. “Through you?”
The water helped his dry throat but did nothing to clear the dizziness or the aches and pains that Tony was more and more becoming aware of.
When his heart steadies, he goes over to the corner and grabs the broom. At this point, he’s not even surprised anymore.
Steve avoided his gaze. “Not yet.”
“What?”
“Yeah uh- I told you I have a lot of fire and work-related things going on in here. So, I got some of it insured.”
“What would I do without you?” Tony asks, going into his room and grabbing it. Sliding it onto his phone and watches the battery begin to charge.
“What changed?”
“So uh, how do you want to do this?” Bucky asks looking around the living room like he hasn’t already seen it a few times. Tony guesses he must be nervous, or at least unsure of what he’s supposed to do. He did say he’s never had anything done to his arm, by himself or others. But that was okay because if there was anything Tony wasn’t nervous about it was technology.
That was the speech Stephen had made you give everyone. The only part of the plan everyone was supposed to know. Why they had to hold them down, they didn’t know, and neither did you until just now. This was your chance. While Thanos was down you had to grab the stones.
Tony whistles. “This is a work of art. Truly. I can’t believe my dad built this.”
And who can he trust if not his own soulmates?
Tempers were high, and Steve’s only thought was protecting Bucky. So much so that his team split in half.
“If I go he’ll come.”
“What’d you have to go an’ ask him about money for?”
“Yes?”
“I’m just saying, let’s not worry.” Steve clarified.
“Oh I think he’s paid enough already.” He chuckles. He points to a door to the right. “I have this room over here set up and we can get a look.” He looks between them. “I would like to do the initial exam alone though first, Steve the waiting room is just around the corner.”
Steve must be thinking the exact same thing because he calls the rest to begin attacking Thanos again. It’s easier this time too, two stones down and they can feel the power difference in the Titan, not to mention his focus is solely on you.
He was throwing guest towels in the dryer when he realized there’s nothing
This was a mistake. He was an idiot to say they could come back. He should have just packed up Dum-E and Jarvis’ coding and left in the night like a smart person. He never wanted soulmates, never. Not since he was a kid who believed in magic and fairy tales.
“Forget about it.” Tony shrugs. “I guess I should go get Steve.”
“Well, I changed it a lot too.” Tony shrugs. “It’s got a bunch of new floors. Lots of food. I mean I’ve been having tours, there are a cafeteria and a pool. There’s a lot of space, and FRIDAY has access and control over every single room and floor. She’d be perfect to handle things, she can keep people safe, she’s got like a bazillion safety protocols she could lock people out, or lock people in if need be, keep fights from breaking out. All the fire safety you could think of, and she could drain the pool in two minutes if someone starts drowning.”
Tony nods, looking back at the sketch of the arm for a moment. “Where in the arm, lower by your hand and wrist. Or middle, in the elbow? Or up top by the shoulder?”
“Me too,” Tony whispers. There’s a moment of silence before Tony huffs, clapping his hands. “Okay, so what next? Isn’t there a universe we gotta save or something? How do we have time for a heart to heart?”
They weren’t soulmates.
He knows Pepper would never put him in harm’s way or go directly against his wishes to remain where he is, but she doesn’t even know that Killian is what he’s hiding from. Now he feels the need to censor everything he might say to Pepper, he doesn’t want to accidentally give any hints to his location, he needs to be more careful now, you know, on top of all the other things he’s already doing.
Was he hoping that Steve and Bucky had been bonded together so he wouldn’t have to bond with them?
“So, explain what exactly is wrong with the arm.”
“None of the lines from Bucky’s hand are visible.” It’s true, even in the clay model that he currently has sitting in the oven doesn’t have them.
“You want me to go to your soulmate's apartment and... ask him out for you?”
“Twice.” Steve laughs remembering that. It probably has something to do with them always demanding shifts together. Even then Fury can’t deny them, they just seem to always get more done when they work together. Not to mention their moods are great when they’re on the same shifts. They just make it that much more bearable to get things done.
Steve rolls his eyes. “And so it begins…” Steve really doesn’t want to deal with Brock's shit. He’s had enough bullies in his life, and he’s over them. “We should kill him and hide his body in one of the punching bags like a piñata.” He suggests aloud.
“Stop!” You yell again, rising the Infinity Stones in a protective manner. This time instead of the yellow sharpening, it’s a green energy that wraps around. His entire body freezes and he doesn’t move an inch.  You stand straight carefully. It’s the Time Stone. You froze him in time.
“I’m serious.” You giggle. “We were headed to get ice cream when-” Your sentence trails off when you realize what you were going to say.
“Conflicted about what?”
Bucky hesitates so Steve takes over for him.
He looks to the floor thinking about it. He’d be
“How…” Bucky starts and then stops, not sure which question of a million in his head he should ask first. “What?”
“Give me a couple of deep breaths.” He says, pressing the cold metal just under Tony’s shirt on his back, and then his chest. “Do you smoke?”
Metal prosthetic that just gets a little wonky sometimes. It’s true. It’s not perfectly functional, even if he never lashes out and breaks things really.
“Please? If you don’t mind?”
“I’m fine- or, not fine I guess. I’m not dying I suppose and it doesn’t hurt much, unless I move it.”
You hesitate, not wanting to feel that pain again, but the Mind Stone wasn’t doing this to you, so you listen, hoping- praying it wouldn’t hurt again as you reach into the sand and pick it up.
“I mean most of it was as the Hulk, and I was alone for a good potion, but yeah, I spent a lot of time with him.”
“What no do-” He doesn’t finish his sentence before the bathroom door is pulled open and Tony steps out. He’d heard the sound of something breaking and then Jarvis’ voice had filled the bathroom. Saying something about his threat assessment rising.
. It’s not long before he finishes just like that. Sitting on his bed, still fully dressed. Giving out fast-paced ragged breaths.
Tony laughs. “That was Thanos’ grand plan. Wipe out half the population and all our problems fly away. The only problem with that is there is no perfect balance. The world is shitty, and it will be when there are half as many people in it. Maybe he’ll just figure that out and say, ‘
But that’s part of the problem, isn’t it?
“Okay. I’ll be here if you change your mind.” He picks up a spray bottle from the ground and begins wiping down some of the equipment around the room.
“Well, what are you going to do?”
“I don't know.” He sighs dropping his head in his hands. “What do you think I should get?”
“That was quick,” Shuri says from the back room, walking around the corner. She’s got a holographic map hovering just above her hands, and she’s changed her clothes. “I see Steve stayed behind. Is this good or bad news?”
That’s when a book hits him square in the face. He blinks a few times before he smiles. Rising his hands slowly. “I’m just trying to help. No need to attack.” The boy squints at Steve, another book in his hand ready for throwing as he’s probably doing his best trying to level a glare.
“It’s gotta be the big guy.” Rocket says, “Something’s probably wrong. We should see what’s up.”
“Yeah, but we didn’t know what you liked.” Steve shrugged, looking sheepish.
“I don’t know. How’s it feel to be one of the sheep following shepherd?”
“You have a good memory.” Tony pointed out. “I can barely remember my own name sometimes, how you managed to after two years and one conversation is beyond me.”
“One has challenged the sacrifice of the Soul Stone.” A voice echoes from the gazebo. The both of you turn to face it.
Steve looks at Tony fondly for a moment. It’s been so long Steve feels like he’s changed so much. He’s had this weight in his chest, of regret, wishing he could have done things differently. Then there was curiosity. Wishing to see how everything was with Tony and the Avengers he was building back up with new members. Natasha often sent reports of things she collected from friends. That term is used loosely, more like fellow spies and those who fear her enough to keep tabs on Tony for her.
A tense silence hung in the air, Bucky out of words for a comeback and Steve feeling angry satisfaction of an argument clearly won.
“Okay, okay, just sit tight, I’ll call him. Do you remember which hospital he works at?”
Steve and Bucky go through the rest of their day relatively normally. Which means Steve draws while Bucky watches T.V, most likely the same one he’s seen a million times already, but still laughs at every joke, still gets emotional at every scene, and is almost surprised by big plot twists as if it’s the first time he’s seeing it.
You’ve never seen Bucky, but somehow you imagine him rolling his eyes, and shaking his head along with the comment, which leaves you ending up biting back a smile.
He never wanted soulmates, never prepared for this outcome, and now it’s here, at the worst of times. He has to deal with it, doesn’t he? It seems wrong to just do nothing, or to abandon them.
Tony nods. “I’m a freak too. At least you got powers.”
Dust clouded the skies, casting pockets of shadows. Everywhere you looked you saw traces of it, people, memories, hopes, dreams. They all crumbled and flew as if they were nothing. One of the worst parts was the lack of anything to hold onto. They just faded. You watched your mother crumble right before your eyes, and your baby brother in your hands crumbled dropping between your fingers. Maybe it’s better you think morbidly.
Tony smiled back, eyes looking up to trace the line of the ceiling as if he was expecting something from it. Blinking a few times, he looked to Steve. “How long was I asleep?”
His intent to kill you as quickly as possible.
“Shuri said she’d had someone bring it over soon.” Bruce reminds from the side.
“I wish I knew what it is you are waiting to be ready for.”
“Be safe, Sir.”
He was trapped, forced to endure.
“Hey, Tony, it’s Steve.”
Bucky continues reading it over his shoulder. “While the cause for these double-bonds is unknown, they seem to function the same way all soul-bonds do. When one mate dies their bond and bondmark fade. When touched, the bondmark reveals its color. Double bonded- have separate soul-bonds, separate marks, and separate colors.”
“So why aren't you ready to talk to him?”
“Just stupid thoughts.”
Steve rolls his eyes. “I’ll go look outside.”
It had long claws, six legs, three on each side. Its entire frame reminded you of some crocodile hybrid of some sort. It stood higher from the ground and it’s got long claws. It didn’t have a jaw like a crocodile it’s face flatter less snout, but probably the same amount of teeth.
You shake your head and look up at them, not finding an ounce of recognition in the woman’s face. “I don’t know this woman.” You whispered, pulling your finger back from the boy’s grip. “I don’t know either of them.”
The deep breath he takes is caught by the receiver and is followed by a short silence. “I miss you too Pepper, you and Rhody. But I’m-” He’s about to say he’s happy here. In his apartment. Alone. But he isn’t. He hasn’t been happy for a long time. “I’m safe here.” He says instead because that at the very least is true.
Bruce and Natasha are not too far away, somewhere they can watch as she collects her things waiting for her cue. Bruce is breathing hard trying to trigger the hulk but with no luck.
Tony’s chest. It takes a few looks, and several seconds to fully process that bit of information. He looks down at it. The only thing visible is Killian’s bloody forearm, the rest is inside of Tony, poking at his ribs and lungs, organs pushed around roughly.
“Come in.” Tony steps to the side making room, mirroring the smile Bucky gives and closes the door behind him as Bucky takes off his shoes.
“It’s weird to say almost but… I think it’s Tony.”
“Not likely.”
When the movie ends and the lights are on, Tony’s eyes land on the succulent and he breathes easier when he confirms its plant status. He spares Steve a slight apology as he detaches from him, and from Bucky.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just about, yeah.”
She was spread thin by billions of atoms creating this for them, for herself. So, when it came to the body she clung to, they couldn’t see it. They couldn’t hear the words she spoke. All she could do was silently help Stephen reach your mind, and speak to you, and when the moment was right, she asked you a very important question.
Tony shakes his head and closes the window. Ignoring the voice. Looking them up would be bad anyway. The internet paints a biased and misinformed picture of anyone. All Tony needs for proof is to look up himself.  So many lies, so many things they get wrong. So many people all interested in Tony Stark and Stark industries with their opinions and comments.
“I’ll tell him about how you’ve been waiting your entire life to meet him, and I know you’ll be the best soulmate anyone could have. You know, besides my soulmate.” Steve smiles.
“Well, you’re in luck. I believe those storm clouds aren’t natural.”  She points out the broken window, careful of the glass, and in the distance, they follow the direction of her finger and see it. Three or four storm clouds, flashing with lighting and thunder.
“Okay, up on the scale.” Tony didn’t look at the number when he got on. Not when Stephen made a noncommittal hum and added more notes to the paper. “You can take your seat.” He sniffed looking over the paper a moment. “Do you mind taking off your shirt?”
Stephen’s voice cuts in, and you sigh.
He takes his hands back and tells himself he’s not going to make Bucky sit down and go through what would probably be a very long and invasive checkup of his arm because that would be weird.
It’s not ghosts and it’s not insanity. Tony believes all the things the voices say. He’s telling them to himself, but somewhere along the line, he hears it as his parents. His way of torturing himself. Deciding that he doesn’t deserve to live if they can’t so he makes his own life a living hell.
“How? Who’s been doing your upgrades? Do you do the maintenance yourself? Is the resizing manual or automatic? Please whatever you say, don’t tell me it’s Hammer tech. Because I will have to kick you out.” He looks over the hand some more. “I’m joking. But if it’s Hammer tech please lie and say it wasn’t anyway.”
Tony’s eyes meet Bucky’s for what insanely feely like it might be the first time today. Strange, how in the moment this close, he realizes they’ve got a mix of blue, green and grey. It’s nice, captivating.
What he hadn’t expected were the scars. There was a small description in the notes, but nothing that brought the image to life as it was in front of him. The scars started out in jagged lumped lines, and spread nearly to the middle of his chest, Tony suppressed a wince. His gaze lingered too long, and Bucky shifted uncomfortably, sliding into the chair.
Tony blinks awake slowly. The arm he’s resting his head on feels numb and his shoulders stiff and sore. He stretches slowly, starting with his fingers and moving onto the rest of the arm as he moves it out from under him, grimacing at the drag of drool.
“It’s called ‘New Avengers’ for a reason, they wanted new people.”
The way he almost rejected the two at first, flinching and pulling away. Literally running, you’d think he hated the idea of a soulmate. The only time Steve had seen that kind of hesitance was once, when a woman was married to someone she wasn’t bonded to, and then met her soulmate. She would come to the gym at night and cry. Bucky and Steve would talk to her about how the divorce was going, and how she couldn’t help but feel a little guilty for ever getting married in the first place.
Then he hears the crash and breaking of glass and a high-pitched scream.
Ever since he was a kid he’s been seeking approval from the people around him. Always needing confirmation or reassurance. Which may or may not be normal for a child. Almost all kids look up to their parent’s and hope to be just like them, or better.
“The explosion on our ship was not expected.” Loki explains quickly. “I didn’t have time heal myself enough to escape, or let you know I was truly alive. I was blown away and knocked unconscious by the force.”
“I admit it’d be hell for a while. But rest of our lives is a little much don’t you think. Not even Nick could hold a grudge for that long.”
Steve laughed. “You’ve got a point there. But I’m going home to shower somewhere with decent water pressure, and where the floors aren’t so damn slippery.”
“Thanks.” You look back down the tunnel and hold the flashlight close to your chest. “You know what you have to do?”
Tony’s left eye twitches and he has to hold himself back from launching into a huge speech about why having something, anything, for over twenty years, means it should get looked at, even if it’s not something that you use every single day, like an arm! It needs a checkup once in a while. Much like a car. You have to change the oil, spin the tires, etc. But if Bucky has never gotten it checked then Tony’s mind will literally explode, because this beautiful piece of technology deserves better.
“You got it exactly right. This looks amazing.”
With pain, came realization and freedom. Because here, in his wrist right now was real pain. It ached, ebbed and burned. Forced tears to his eyes and a yell from his throat. It’s so much more real than that hazy imitation and memory of pain.
Thanos yells in rage and you feel the strength of moment as he jerks in their combined holds.  It's only a matter of time so you grab at the green stone with your left hand. Ignoring what Stephen told you otherwise you might not get it.
“Your hand, your life,” Tony says, backing away, and takes a sip of his soda. Bucky doesn’t move for a moment, and neither does Steve. They’re both waiting for the real reaction, the normal reaction. The screaming, the yelling, the name calling. Anything other than just… this.
“I don’t know? Feel’s like it might be.”
“Oh, it’s my workstation. It’s where my ideas come to fruition or die.” More fruition than dying. Dying isn’t even really dying either. They just go to a pile on the floor until he remembers it later after he’s binged on another project and finally has space in his mind for it. He’s currently trying to put ideas together for a Stark smart car. He’s not sure he liked the design yet, or if it’s going to run as quietly as he invasions it. He’ll need a working model first to test out- but he’s getting off track in his mind, this isn’t the time to start working again.
They all come in one by one, doing a quick introduction and then leaving, letting the next person get their turn.
“Do you want a break? Or do you still want to meet everyone?”
“We’ve got one,” Tony says, revealing himself from above. Pointing his thrusts at him, charged to four-hundred percent, and shooting a large blast at him. Thanos only lifts his gauntlet blocking it with an energy field. Rocket uses that as his chance and begins firing the machine gun at Thanos’ other unprotected side. A few hits actually manage to hit, before Thanos wises up and covers himself completely.
Tired was just the easiest way to explain it. Tony looked downright weary, and small. The clothes on him were obviously two sizes too big, and the dark circles under Tony’s eyes were deep and large. He looked worn out completely.
Tony doesn’t look up from the empty glass. “There’s a difference between drinking to stay alive, and drinking to stay awake.”
“Yes.” He nods, reaching his hand out to help you up. You take it, and don’t let go until the room stops spinning.
“What is it?” Tony asks, confused.
“Who? Groot?”
This was it, his life was complete and utter shit, and when one’s life is shit they can drink.
You look up and notice it’s not one person, but two. Tony, and someone else you don’t recognize. It takes a moment to process everything you’re seeing. Remembering what happened, going to Titan, fighting, the Infinity Stones.  You look down at your hand, the stones are gone, so is your cut. All of them, you’re healed, not a mark left behind as proof you were ever hurt.
He didn’t want this. Any of it.
“Yeah.” Bucky smiles. They had been friends since that first day they met in the hospital, Bucky was drugged up, missing an arm, and Steve had told him some stupid Joke. He didn't even remember it now. Just that it had been so dumb that he laughed at the pointlessness of it. He remembered how it distracted him from his arm, how he’d be without it for the rest of his life. Somehow in a traumatic event a completely sunny-haired stranger made him laugh his ass off to a horrible joke.
Steve silently mourned for that loss. Wanting to pull Tony in tight and never let go. But with his strength, he’d brake Tony, just as he broke everything else.
A hand comes up, just behind Tony’s head, pulling him in closer, and Bucky shifts, stubble scratching angst Tony’s face. The tingling in his spin starts to itch, and he can feel his shouders tense. He’s safe, this is nice, but with his eyes closed, and stubble scratching his skin, just for a moment behind closed eyelids, he see’s Killian.
Phantom limb pains mixed with real pain from the metal arm clutching at the swollen skin of his shoulder. Some days the arm doesn’t work right. When he’s in that pain, he can barely lift the arm because it hurts so bad. He gets grouchy, and his glare has literally made children cry before. Kids in school used to call him that. “The metal armed freak.” Just liked they called Steve a freak too for his strength. Although they stopped saying it to their face once they both grew into their strengths and bodies.
He looked down at his wrist, dark red swelling slowly getting darker and darker, turning a different shade. Maybe he already slipped, maybe this was all over. Tears built up in his eyes, and his breaths turned short and quick in defeated sobs. He would have to see a doctor, and then it’d all be over. It’s too late, there are no workarounds, no ignoring this kind of injury. Everything he’s done in the last six months to protect himself -over, just like this.
“He’s not taking his medication Pepper; the withdrawals alone form not taking them are concerning enough. Not to mention why he needed them in the first place. I would just feel better if he was taking them again. Can you just… can you just ask him to start them again, his prescription is good, he can get a refill anywhere, just show his ID at the counter.”
“Bossy much?” You comment and continue walking. You see the corner store a few minutes later and go it. Phones exactly where he said they were. You reach for the one at the top and-
“Yeah, he said that you have an open prescription, any pharmacy should have it stocked so long as you’re in America, just show your ID and you can get a refill.”
He just needs a few more minutes to breathe and hopefully keep a panic attack from coming on.
You look to the people around you. A halo of yellow surrounding each of their heads, and you know it to be thoughts, feelings, intentions and even memories. All shaped differently like crowns perfectly detailed to match each of everyone’s different personalities.
The only one who can truly reassure Steve is Tony. Which Bucky isn’t sure Tony will do considering how they don’t know each other and how Tony reacted to them at first. He sighs, throwing the dryer sheet in and closing it with an audible click and the clothes begin to tumble and spin.
“Tony! Tony where are you!” Steve yells, breaking a wall of the ship open, and stepping in. You stand out, the entire area looking unsafe. With Steve’s speed and strength, he should be fine. You? You’re not so durable, and prefer to be on the safe side.
The rest come, introducing themselves, giving their own versions of thanks and praise. Superheros, aliens, and plain old humans. By the end you're tired. Even without injuries and scars, you feel fatigued. Stephen has everyone clear out to give you a break for the night.
“Enough of this,” Thanos says, shooting another beam of energy at them, their images only fade. Repapering somewhere else.
“What? Did it hurt?” Tony asked hands up and free from the area.
“It’s broken?”
“Whaddya mean?” Bucky asks.
“What’s wrong?” He asks.
Tony sighs. “What do you mean waited this long… have you never-”
Pepper: Tony, call me, I’d rather not leave you another long message, you’re giving me a complex.
“Hey, don’t talk about my soulmate like that Barnes, or I’ll have to kick your ass,” Steve says shoving Bucky to the side.
“Steve I found my soulmate!” Bucky exclaims, shoving his hand in Steve’s face. Steve blinks a few times.
“I did the breaking, I should do the buying.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Well, some of it was fake. At this point, most of it was just reliving history. Torturous memories back to haunt him. His mind finding new and creative ways to make him experience it all over again.
He was supposed to make history, he was to be history.
“You got the only two flowers in existence that I’d recognize just by looking at them.” Aside from roses, and sunflowers. But these flowers- they actually mean something to him. “The Amaryllis are my favorite, and the Lilies are my mom’s favorite. Well, were.” He meant to correct that in his head, but he’s talking and it comes out anyway.
“It’s not that. I don’t-” He gives up hiding it, he’s going to get found out anyway. “If we go, they’ll figure out who I am, and then he’ll find me.”
Which probably should make him happy right? Two super-hot, super buff soulmates, that could be anyone’s wet dream. To Tony it only made him feel smaller. Lesser. Undeserving.
Your blood runs cold when your eyes land on the creature tearing a woman apart.
Steve searches the aircraft, it’s similar to the ones he saw in Wakanda. Still, he searches though, calling for Tony, he stops when he hears a round of coughing under some fallen debris. Steve knocks it all away with haste, breathing a sigh of relief. Aside from the dust and blood. Tony looks so much different than he was when Steve last saw him years ago. But that might just be the blood and dust covering him.
Stephen peeked his head in, Tony hadn't woken at the sound. His steps light as he entered the room, whispering his words as he spoke to Steve.
“Fine. Let me just call Bruce and figure this out.”
You grab all six of the objects and clamber your way off the hospital bed into the bathroom, carefully washing the blood away with cold water. You hold them in your wet hands, they shine brightly, you can almost hear a whine coming from them as if they’re speaking to you. You look in the mirror, the rainbow of colors paints your face. Somehow, just like that, you remember what Gamora told you of your sacrifice.
“No. Don't look them up.” Tony wants to know the real them. Well, that is if he gets to know them at all. He slides to the floor and lifts his shirt looking down at the soulmark on his hip.
“So, what do we do now?” Rocket asks, picking up blades of grass and squeezing them between his fingers. “I’m not exactly good at sitting on my hands and waiting for the action.”
Steve looks around too and listens carefully. “I don’t know.”
He was stuck, leg crushed between the jammed seats and metal piercing him open. And he had listened to his mother gurgle on her own blood calling for Howard to wake up until she died.
Steve had been sitting on the floor across from Bucky in the hallway the whole time, unable to focus on anything else until this was all resolved.
“Thor killed him. This time he aimed for the head.”
“And Thanos is the one who wiped out half the universe.”  You remember the name from when Steve had said it, along with some of the unnamed voices in your head.
Tony blinks owlishly. It makes sense with the bodybuilder vibe. But how did he know to come here?
Tony clutches his hands to his ears and he stands up, moving. Moving helps stop the voices sometimes. Only his legs hurt, and he’s well beyond exhausted. So, pacing’s not an option. He crosses the living room, to the bathroom and he shut the door behind him turning the faucet on and leans heavily on the sink. Noise helps drown them out.
Two hours later Tony was blinking his eyes awake. Finding Dum-E, chirping over him. He blinks up at the machine and smiles.
“How about your fingers? Can you feel them?”
“How is it that you go over ten years not hurting me, but two months and you've already hurt Tony? I don't get you, Steve. Breaking punching bags doesn’t matter, you crush your phone, fine, a shitty shower, cool! Your freak accident with Peggy is forgivable, but-”
“It’s your pizza delivery Sir.”
“I’m itching for a good fight.” They both begin walking off towards the door, but Bruce hesitates, how good will he be in a fight without the suit, and without the hulk?
It takes his brain a few seconds to catch up and remember that he should probably be hugging back. Lord, it’s been too long since he’s had actual physical contact with someone. He raises his arms slowly and wraps them around Bucky as well, which only seems to encourage the man to hug tighter, and press his nose into Tony’s hair and inhale deeply.
“Yeah. It’s hard to navigate through. They have to bring themselves to the surface. I can’t do that.” You look down at Adam and remember what Strange said. “Uh, Stephen said that we need to take Adam to the tower? I have no idea what that means though.”
You’re eyes catch the state of your arm and you bite your lip to quiet any noises you might make. As you press the torn flesh. There’s a spiral of large jagged cuts that loop the length of your entire right arm, starting at your palm and looping around to your shoulder. Your shirt sleeve is hanging loosely by a few threads but is torn horribly too.
You woke up to pain as the mattress beneath you dipped heavily to one side. Groaning deeply, you open your eyes lifting the pained appendage. Seeing the bandages, you know you’re safe. Back in the house. Steve or Tony must have found you and brought you back. You look over to the source of movement and find tiny brown eyes looking down at you.
“Thanks,” Tony says, still digging his hands into his pockets until the man eventually sets the card down on the table. Tony takes it and heads to the back by the weights. As he walks back, he notices the lack of other people. Not many people are working out at one a.m. on a Tuesday, but no one? That just seems eerie.
“Ouch.” He sighs. “Everything hurts.”
“You and me both.” Tony chuckles, sliding his shoes on. “Okay, I’ll be back soon.”
Bucky laughs and shakes his head. “I don’t do maintenance. It just does whatever.”
“Um no.” You say, feeling uncertain.
“I wish.” Bucky eventually wheezes out between deep lungfuls of air. He wipes a built-up tear from the corner of his eye, and chuckles thinking about the words again. He only manages to stop laughing when his gaze drops down to the sketchbook. But that only makes him another kind of breathless.
“Pretty much, or you could just give him my number and tell him how amazing I am.”
“Wow, yeah, I think I remember hearing about that.” He goes to snap his finger, but stopped himself, remembering to be quiet.“It's rare.”
He knows what failure feels like now, and he wants nothing more than to put an end to it.
You hesitate. This is what you came here for. This is why Stephen saw you here in the future with everyone. A human, with an uneventful life.
“I don’t know.”
She asks again.
“Scared?”
“Tony! Tony wake up!”
“Already tired?” Thor asks, then turns to Loki. “I guess I did wound him pretty badly.”
Something in her tone just told him they are back to that dance again. It’s a slow dance they’ve been doing on and off since back when she was nothing more than his new personal assistant. The dance of caring and not caring about each other. However, that's not really it. They both always care about each other one way or another. But they hide it, or something comes up. It’s not the right time. They aren’t emotionally stable. The job must come first. It’s always something. One always shows feelings when the other starts closing them off. It’s a hard dance. Remembering the steps is tiring. No matter the excuses, there was always one hard reason why they never got together.
It all happened a few minutes after you’d left the house. You just wanted some fresh air and to give the two some space to work out whatever tension you were sensing between them was. You had walked in the direction of the crashed ship. Not that half Tony had been in though, the other one.
