And then it hits him; is it really the best idea to tell Peter what his mother just told him? Does Peter need to know that his
“No way, that scientist with the arms
There had been no pleasure in letting the cops take in the rest of Steve’s team. That’s not what Tony wanted, after all. This, right here… this is the team completely fallen apart. He only wanted them to stay together.
“Are those tears of joy? I hope so, because my ego would be pretty busted if you would cry in fear just because you saw me arrive you know?”
“He stopped; he remembered something. At least enough to pull me back out of the water after I fell. And that’s all the proof that I need to know that he’s still there, Tony. Somewhere, in this world, Bucky is wandering around, no longer the killing machine who only wants to finish his mission. He didn’t finish it, because he let me live.”
“IT WAS JUST A JOKE!” Tony finishes.
“What the fuck!" She looked up to see who the heck was attacking her.
The woman cleaned out her wounds, most of them had started infecting, which had been unavoidable as she had been laying in thrash for hours. While Dr. Cho was doing that, Yaël did her best not to jump off the stretcher, nor set the building on fire.
The man is lying on his back, looking pretty much like he’s been thrown through a roof. Peter has no clue where he came from, but he’s sure Bruce can explain it after a while. He wants to hurry towards the man, but suddenly whatever orange light these men are producing, it’s stopping him from moving.
A sigh escapes Tony’s lips before he shakes his head. He needs to continue, finish this job. With careful steps he goes up the stairs, slightly hesitating before he raises up his hand towards the wooden door in front of him.
Karen stays quiet for a moment. “
It doesn’t take a genius to find out why there are suddenly three grown men crowding a very confused Peter Parker. She wonders if she should create a diversion to let Peter escape, or if she should just kick their asses for harassing a teenager with stupid matters like these?
“Damnit, Rogers sit your ass back down before the guards come inside and take you away again!”
Okay, so living alone for two weeks had been…an experience?In the beginning Yaël cleaned her apartment every day. Despite that, it still smelled like turd, mixed with rotting dead animal.
“You do know that, if you didn’t have the Avengers around you when I found out, I might have grounded you for life, right?”
“Because I have a son who lives here, with his Aunt,” Tony says, looking a bit sad despite his smile. “I hoped I could see him tonight before I had to leave again, but he wasn’t home.”
Okay, more like every word she learned in English, since she’d only speak Norwegian and Sil. But the spy figured out that being some kind of terrorist or being a blind-raged weapon without soul didn’t fit Yaël’s profile. Of course Yaël hadn’t known better back then, during the attack, since the Chitauri had managed to trigger her until she had reached a blind spot.
They laugh, then they go to sit down on the only couch in the room. Natasha brings Peter up to date to where she’s been until now. As far as Peter understands, she’s been traveling, on her way to make sure nothing of the Red Room remains standing.
“Ho, what did I ever do to you?!” Peter calls out, holding his hands up in surrender. When he looks at the girl that just tried to attack him, he’s surprised at what he’s seeing.
“Wh- I thought this was a closet! This place is huge!”
“I don’t know if that sounds evil or not, but I kind of need you to help me, so I’ll keep my mouth shut about it.”
hard to do this,” Ned tries to argue. Peter just groans and shakes his head.
“Cap, back at my workshop there’s a safe in the left-side of the room – FRIDAY will open it for you. Can you then take
“I llllllo- I love you soooooooooooooooooooooo much T-Tony,” he hiccups out. He presses his face into Tony’s chest, rubbing up to him as if he were a cat. “I love Peter a-a-and I love y-y-you. I love y-you b-b-b-both! But not the s-same way of course or th-that’d b-be weiiiiiiiird.”
happy about being excluded from the interview. And it’s not really that, either. An actual talkshow with the current members of the Avengers now that they’re back. It’s
And Yaël wasn’t going to help him. She took her box back from the table and sat down in her sofa again, signing at Peter to follow her. While they were eating, Wade made enough noise to talk for the three of them. He whined about his pizza and being hungry.
“Yay,” she answered dryly, still playing with his awkwardness.
“Uh, good morning to you, too, Thor,” Tony mutters out. Steve chuckles, sitting up a bit. The covers still make sure that not too much of him is showing. “Are you nervous at the moment?”
“Sorry, you’re right. How do we get out of this mess?” he asks. Natasha shuffles closer to the window, looking at how far the guards are. They’re standing still, talking to each other in their native language.
“If you look for us, we’re in the tower.”
“FRIDAY just came to tell me that Mr. Stark is in his penthouse, having locked everybody out and accepting no phone-calls at all. Should I be worried?” Peter asks. Steve stays quiet for a moment.
“Thank you.”
Despite everything, the relief he had felt back then when they’d finally defeated Venom, Peter realized quickly enough that the euphoria for it was pretty short-lived. After all, he had just lost his hearing in his attempt to rescue Eddie – who is now currently stuck in the psychiatric ward, having completely lost it after the battle. In any way, the heaviness that had been troubling him before was still there. With that, Mantis wasn’t yet freed of him. And sure, she keeps on assuring him that it’s fine, that she doesn’t mind helping him out, but Peter’s pretty sure that being his personal therapist can’t be that easy for her.
“I’ve been thinking about what you said; about me giving this internship a shot,” Peter explains, wondering if he’s actually lying right here? “I figured it’s time for me to get my act back together.”
All heads turn to the door as well. It’s closed, the blinds shut. It doesn’t take long for May to march towards it and burst it open. She couldn’t do it faster. Before anybody can say anything, she’s inside with her nephew. Strange hurries after her, along with Rhodey. Steve waits for a bit outside, a smug smile on his face while he reaches out his hand towards Tony.
“The library,” he says, not even lying about it.
I realize that, with my internship, it's possible that I might not get this done until the 25th, but I'll try my best for the American release date! Sadly, I won't be able to see the movie when it comes out, but hopefully upcoming saturday I'll see it!
“FRI, what’s the status right now?”
Of course it’s Steve…
“Why’re you interested?” she asks, ducking as a ball passes over her head. She grabs another one from the air and throws it away again.
“As long as I don’t hear the words from your mouth, I won’t accept it,” Steve tells him, stubbornly as always. He crosses his arms, but Tony can see that he’s close to breaking down. Good, let him feel it.
“Wait, I’ll come for you later, you gave me your address!” Jeremy said to Yaël with a ridiculous looking playful smile.
He hears shifting behind him. Tony doesn’t turn around.
“Oh,” she said as she remembered what it was. “I’m not going to get married!”
“He’s the one who searched you out, isn’t he?” Steve asks, putting a hand behind Tony’s head. “He went through all this trouble to find you. I’m sure he wants you in his life, Tones.”
“But… it didn’t give you pleasure, right? You were grieving, angry, and it’s not like he didn’t punch you back or anything. He wasn’t defenseless, you know? I mean, I kicked Harry’s ass as well, you don’t see me walking away from him? No matter if he’s just a friend, he was actually like a brother to me.”
“He saw you in the suit, didn’t he?” he asks.
“Okay, and what about you?” he asks with a raised eyebrow.
And Steve does understand, though in the extend that is possible. There’s no way for him to get what exactly is going on in Bucky’s mind, but he can try and get it, right?
“Don’t listen to him, he’s just joking around. Of course you and MJ will have a good time and who knows what it’ll become! You can only try!”
“Okay, good,” she mumbled to herself obviously, as the persons in front of her were her own spawns. “Let’s see how you guys move if I try to focus less on you, push you more into my subconsciousness. Yaël closed her eyes and took a few steps backwards, away from her creations. She hoped her plan would work out. Fire and water are her strongest powers, which she can steer without focusing on it. Now she was going to try to do the same, but whilst her powers are formed into humanoid figures. Would she be able to do different things, apart from the movements her creations would make?
“And you’re not dead how?” he asks. Peter shrugs.
When Tony asks JARVIS why it seems like his two sons hate him, he doesn’t really like the answer.
“Keep rolling, rolling, rolling,” Yaël hummed while pulling on the wheels of the wheelchair one of the Asgardians had fabricated for her. A towel, some fresh clothes and bandages and the cloak she had been gifted back on Sakaar were balancing on her lap.
“That’s… oh,” Tony then lets out in a gasp for air. Why does his chest feel so tight? Why does it suddenly hurt when he looks this kid in the eyes? Is it because he reminds him of his own status as an orphan? Peter had been that much younger than Tony had been, so this kid actually had to grow up without his parents.
Her arms were bound tightly against her chest. Around her neck, wrists and ankles, she felt some kind of metal device. Was this thing draining her energy so she’d be less movable? All the devices were connected with thick and thin cables to a machine outside of the top of the glass cage. Yaël wanted to say something, but her throat felt so dry and she tasted blood. Had she been fighting?
Things are going alright. Life’s good again. There’s no more Venom, there’s no more dark clouds in Peter’s head. Whenever he goes to school, he does so with a smile.
“It’s not so simple as that, Tony,” Steve counters. Peter wants to clear his throat and indicate that he’s still there, but he decides it’s best not to get in between them. Instead, he sits back down on the couch and picks up the tablet without really paying much attention to what he’s doing on it.
- references to a past between Natasha and Barnes
Mr. Stark’s voice suddenly says, speaking a bit fast.
“Did someone ever tell you that you have an extremely difficult personality?” she smirked to his back. Logan didn’t even bother to answer to that. “Great,” Yaël mumbled to herself.
“He’s got that from his dad,” Steve adds to that, but only a bitter chuckle comes out of Tony after that.
Uh, that was not his intention at all. What would she even want to tag along for? Who knows how long the interview could last? She would end up bored as
It’s Tony! Steve’s almost crying when he realizes it’s Tony!
“You told your dads you’re ‘
“And we might lose everybody if we try going back!” Strange sighs. “Besides, he’s still missing two stones, right?”
A familiar voice, though one Peter hasn’t heard in years or so.
. It’s not like he’s officially moved in here already, but he’s here more often than not. And Peter doesn’t mind at all; he likes Rhodey. He’s like this cool kind of uncle; Tony’s best friend since college, and now his Aunt’s boyfriend! Besides the fact that he’s a badass army-dude who has a damn good reputation, he’s also the War Machine, half-time Avenger and hero.
X, eh, Charles, whatever, laughed, turned his wheelchair and started rolling down the hallway. “You’d do the same for me Yaël!” she heard him yell right before she closed the door.
“I, uh, I need to go,” Peter says. He’s not even sure if she just said something or not, since all he’s thinking about is getting away from here as quickly as possible. So soon into his relationship with MJ he doesn’t really want to go down this road. Not ever, actually. No way, he’s not a cheater!
Steve was a good replacement for all of that cheesy stuff…but that was not what crept into Yaël’s head.
With that thought, Tony turns his head towards Steve, staring at him with his mouth fallen open. Peter makes him happy.
“I know you’re hurt for what happened between you and Steve, so I’m not going to take this personally,” Natasha tells him, though the look in her eyes does indicate that he hurt her somehow. Whatever, like he could care any less. “I suppose I’ll go underground for now, then. But, Tony… do your research, please? Try and at least figure out if Steve and James are on to something here.”
“I’m here now, and why don’t you sit down?” he asked her calmly as he signed to her sofa. What did you see? You can tell me. Yaël heard X’s voice in her head as soon as she sat down. She jumped a little, she forgot he did that.
“Sure, you can ask me anything,” Steve tells them. Oh, that ever-so-honest guy…
Yaël’s mouth fell open. “What?! I can’t even draw, old man! And cello is the only instrument I can play, only because back in the days you practically pushed it into my hands.” Yaël had remembered that quickly enough as she had seen the cello she lend back then, standing all glorious in one of the hallways. Because, a whole while back when Scott and Charles tried training her, Charles wanted her to be able to lose her frustrations from the messy trainings in some way, he kind of forced her to play on it. This also kept her busy, as she needed to research a lot about the instrument since she was learning it all on her own.
“Right,” he tells himself, following after the Cat. There are no flames in this particular room, but when they get to a door, the Cat gives Peter a short look, awaiting his approval. Once Peter nods the two of them kick out their leg towards the door to smash it open. Immediately, hot flames fly into their faces, so the two of them jump back to avoid getting hit.
Holy shit, what if Johnny has been with this inside him all the time and always kept it in? Were all those one-night-stands distractions? Ways to make Peter think that he’s not at all interested? Or was it just a way for Johnny to distract himself? Shit, shit, shit. Peter hates this.
“Hmm?” Yaël threw her shirt in a corner.
“Richard is going to inject the spiders with his blood. It’s some sort of fail-safe, in case Oscorp would ever turn against him, so they would only have any form of result with his bloodline.”
“Him and Steve don’t just argue. The place is a freakin’ warzone when they’re at it. Peter always escapes down to Bruce’s level whenever he’s here and they’re at it again.” Tony pinches Rhodey in the arm, which makes the guy yelp in surprise and pain.
You know what, forget it. Forget I said anything…” Then he drops his stuff, the mask he’d been using to protect himself from the sparks, and he starts to walk to the door. “I don’t need this shit.”
“Oh,” Peter breathes out, wondering how that’s so special?
But in all his frustration, the warning came late; right when Peter turns around, he’s swooped up in the air by a pair of hand hauling him up underneath his shoulders. Peter’s legs swing around, attempting to wiggle free from the hold.
“How do they work?” Mr Stark asks, putting one of the watches around his wrist while giving it another short look. Then, without giving Peter the chance to answer, he holds out his hand and presses the right button that shoots a few short bursts of webs.
- Mentions of Harry (I promise he'll be back soon)
There’s a hand on his shoulder. When Peter turns around, his eyes meet Yaël’s. It’s weird; where he had known her eyes as almost golden all the time, now they are grey. It’s taken some getting used to in the beginning.
Why could she almost see someone do it?
Once at home, there had been another fight. Peter ran off, Uncle Ben followed him. Peter didn’t stop a theft in the shop he was at, and said thief ended up shooting his Uncle after he tried to stop him.
He still breathes heavily, eyes constantly squeezed shut as he tries to hold in the tears. He hates feeling like this. This shouldn’t happen anymore, yet it still does lately… Dr. Wynedell already had a blood sample taken to find out if there’s reasons as to why his medication seems to be failing lately.
More scrolling.
“Well, aren’t you great…” Yaël whispered sarcastically as she saw Raido move again.
“Okay, just shut it for a moment,” Strange says in that typical low voice of his. Peter listens and keeps his mouth shut. After that, he’s released from his hold again. Peter shakes his arms loose for a moment. When there’s another groan from behind him, he turns around to see Bruce sitting up a bit, looking around in confusion.
I am literally not okay. I've seen the trailer, and I hated it (not really). If Thanos dares to touch even a SINGLE hair on my boy Peter, causing for Tony to sit there on the ground sadly, I am personally crawling into my screen to rip Thanos' face off, thank you very much!
“Turn it off!” Peter almost orders him, only getting a headshake from Ned in return.
When Peter realizes that he’s having a bit of difficulty at stopping with the sudden crying, Mr. Morita offers him a tissue. Fully ashamed, Peter dabs his eyes dry, head pointed down to avoid eye-contact with anybody.
“I know, but you should ask him, anyway,” Logan returns with a wink before walking off, following the other teachers back outside. Tony looks back at him in confusion, not really understanding him all that much. Mutants have always been a matter far from him; they always have their own thing to do, after all.
Tony used to have a bike like this, back in his rebellious years. Or, uh, well, his
never repeat what I’m about to tell you now,” Peter begs of him. He doesn’t know Ned all that well, but he knows he can trust him about this. They’re both friendless ‘losers’ who don’t stand out in school. He can share this.
Uh, that didn’t sound so good. But Yaël nodded, too confused to realize that Steve wasn’t able to see that through the phone.
“You are not going out there!” May calls out sternly.
Tony frowns but then decides not to worry about that right now. It’s not his biggest concern right now, though he might have to keep a closer watch on the kid if he can manage to bypass FRIDAY’s system.
There are a few things about last chapter that we feel like clarifying. Caspinn and I weren't really feeling our best about it, and we decided to just explain it. In case you want to read it, it's in the end notes of the previous chapter. Also, the story now has a banner! Check it out on the first chapter ^^
took the tape!” James says, pointing towards Clint with clear surprise on his face. Good, acting time.
“He’s the one getting married, can you blame him?” Steve returns. Tony then finally turns back to him, his brown eyes boring into Steve’s, his hand tightening around his.
your old friend.”
“Wanda, stay out of my head.”
Yaël let Wade rattle and gossip about the students for a bit. Suddenly the horse-mill made a ringing sound to announce the end of the ride. When she jumped off her horse, she saw parents looking judgmental at her. Acting like a complete grown-up adult must be so stupid, Yaël thought. Since when was sitting on a horse-mill a crime?
tired, Dad?” Peter asks, taking in the dark circles under Tony’s eyes. The man blinks a few times but then smiles.
He never expects the vulture-guy to open the door.
The second example is the shop mugger, who holds up a gun towards the cashier with a cry that he wants the money – it’s always the same with these guys. Peter quickly pulls the gun away with his web, and then immobilizes the mugger, once more serving him on a platter for the police. He always disappears before they can get there, since they still don’t really like him.
Steve says, voice obviously pained. “
“What I want to ask of you is to take a good look at the gauntlet to figure out what exactly is wrong with it.”
Tony shakes his head. “I’m not sure it’s a good idea to just start where he left off. It’s been a couple of weeks since he’s last taken his meds. I think it’s better to take a few blood samples and discuss it with the doctor.”
This is not good… In the back, a teacher just shakes his head disapprovingly.
- Tony is sick, but not necessarily only with depression. There's something going on, okay?
At that moment, a loud noise comes from further into the park. Peter recognizes that noise as a fight taking place, and he figures he could help out a bit. He quickly jumps into the bushes and changes his clothes before anybody can really notice it, and then he’s on his way.
Yaël couldn’t make up her mind about Loki, though. She believed he tricked her in all of this. He used her trust to make her his weapon as he tried to take over Earth, but yet, he also tried to stop that somehow. Maybe she was just dumb and naïve, because it was actually very clear she didn’t mean that much to him, right?
“As you wish, Iron Man,” Harry says, doing exactly what Peter expected him to do. The hands under his shoulders slip away, and Peter feels himself lowering down a bit. Except, his grip on the Goblin’s arms is strong.
“You really want to know?” Tony asks then. “You want to know how, in the evening, one of us gets into the room, giving each other a look? A look that says it all? You want to know how, right before we go to bed, on the moment that I’m about to put on my pajamas, Steve touches my shoulder, turns me around, starts kissing me right here?” Tony points up to his lips.
“Good job, idiots,” Natasha mutters, finally finishing off the braid. Then she pushes James forward and gets off the couch, walking up to Steve and putting a hand on his shoulder.
Nobody speaks. All they do is breathe heavily, touch each other’s bodies. Tony loses his pants after Steve lowered the kisses all the way down to his belly. When Steve takes off his, Tony isn’t sure. He’s not paying attention anymore.
Wanda comes back with Barnes. This time, nobody stops talking. Neither do they when Steve returns with his guards. Bruce takes his place behind them. When Dr. Strange walks up to his place, he gives Peter a long stare before looking away. His friend Wong isn’t anywhere near him. Did he stay in New York, then?
“What do you need to win?” Steve asked. Natasha had just grinned and put her hands on her hips.
Lopt was still chained and looked furiously at the situation, cursing. “Now, bring her to her own grave, maybe her death makes the stone somehow return, and lock him in the dungeon, I want to ‘talk’ to him.”
“No way,
FRIDAY cuts in.
going to give him another chance?”
something, but not today.
“Jesus, kid, are you alright?” someone asks, and when Peter looks up, he finds Hawkeye standing over him. He’s wet, meaning that he’s the one that pulled him out.
“If everything goes right, he won’t be for long,” Bruce responds. “Hey, c’mon Tony. Stop wallowing in the past. Let everything go and be the man of the future again, okay?”
“Well, they mostly needed us to hold back the people who turned psycho because of it while Loki searched for a way to fix it. I can’t believe it took as long as it did. Almost two weeks of non-stop fighting confused Asgardians gets old after a while.”
Steve looked down to answer her, but saw she fell asleep against him.
“Hold on for a second,” Bruce says, holding up a hand while he thinks. “
As it turns out, the secret project Tony has been working on is graced with the nickname of BARF, which, personally, Peter
“Hey, May!” one of her colleagues greets her. May smiles back and waves.
Once he gets to a folder with ‘Miniature Arc Reactor’ written on it, Peter finds something familiar in the name. He picks out the folder, takes a look at the papers, and eventually finds some documents that explain to him a bit better what this device is.
"Stark is so going to kill you,” she said. Wait, what? Yaël blinked.
Besides, it’s not like U and Butterfingers aren’t a lost cause, either.
Also, yes, I still based Johnny Storm on the Chris Evans version, but just imagine him 18 yrs old instead! A teenager with Chris' face. Teenage Chris. Whatever, you get the point! My Christmas present to you; the first introduction that will, in the timestamps, lead to a long, long friendship (I hope I won't screw that one up!)
“Then why don’t I believe you?” Steve asks. Tony sighs, pulling his hand away and leaning up on his elbows until he’s sitting. With a smooth turn, he throws his legs out of the bed and gets onto his feet. The floor is warm underneath him. It’s pleasant.
Tony nods in understanding.
Sometimes she heard her phone ring somewhere, but even when it stopped, she felt like it kept ringing in her ears and everywhere around her for hours. When she fell asleep, she had weird nightmares. Yaël saw Raido pushing her into some kind of hole and shoveling dirt onto her more than once.
“Thanks, Dad,” Peter says. Then, they can hear that it’s starting. The hosts are starting to talk, beginning the event. Tony lets out a sigh. Peter pulls away from the hug and heads back to where Ned, Harry and Johnny are standing. Tony watches them for a bit, glad that Peter has such good friends looking out for him.
“Fire-breathing. Rhodey told me Killian pretended to be a dragon,” Tony recalls. On the notebook, the words come down as he tells them. “And then there’s that thermal regulation itself. They could just burn through anything.”
Wait a second, a man with a bow…
“You know I like to push you around a bit, Yaël,” he said while walking out of the automatic doors, leading back to the streets. Oh, Yaël surely knew what he meant.
No way, Peter didn’t do
“Oh, I don’t know, I just wanna see who is going to lose,” Sam says with a grin. Steve slaps his forehead, while Natasha flicks the three men’s as well.
True to her word, Happy and Rhodey are still in the car when they get there. They all hurry inside, Pepper never looking up as she takes the seat next to Tony with her eyes still stuck to her phone. Tony, too, pulls out his tablet and seems to make it his mission not to say anything to anybody. He fails at it when Pepper addresses him.
Only then does he remember why exactly it was a bad idea to be going along with the Cat in the first place.
fine,” Steve counters drily. Tony glares at him.
Peter shakes his head.
“Who’s staying behind?” Tony asks.
“You see, Raido? There’s no shame in being buried. I mean look at this place! It has flowers and stuff!” she said to no one. Yaël was sure Raido got buried, since he had betrayed the king by helping her get inside the city. So yes, it was her fault he was dead, she indirectly killed him. “Look at this place…” she mumbled as she set herself down on a bench next to a chapel.
Steve can’t really pinpoint the exact moment he fell in love with Tony Stark.
“Yeah, I’m going to wobble around a bit more and then I’m going to listen some music or something. Oh, no, I could really use a shower,” she waved away the problem.
“Wanda already repositioned it,” Strange counters. Then he looks back at Mordo, who is still knocked out. “Bring him to the sanctum. I’m sure the others will want to know what he did.” With trouble, Strange holds up his hands, making another portal that leads to the tower, so it seems.
“Peter, how did your mother know?” Tony asks. Peter blinks, appearing extremely disoriented. He’s sagging forward for a bit before May holds him back.
“Huh,” Peter mutters out. “I can barely even remember hitting him, but I guess being drunk can factor into that. Or, it’s also possibly Venom.”
“Exactly, thank you, Clint,” Bucky counters. Wanda doesn’t say anything, except for staring at Steve with large eyes. Then she takes a few steps forward and reaches out her hand towards his face. With a thumb, she wipes away a tear that started rolling over his cheek.
Natasha bites her lip, finding the shocked looks on the men’s face just hilarious. Tony shrugs off his jacket and hangs it up to the chair he’s seated on.
“That’s not the point,” Clint says. Tony feels a bit confused here, why does Clint care so much all of the sudden? He thought the guy could barely stand him! “The fact remains that you’ve injected yourself with something that might as well have been lethal to the human body. The fact that you’re still alive is actually a miracle.”
The way to medical bay is familiar. So are the people he comes across, each one looking more defeated than the other. It’s almost like they’re all at the verge of starting to apologize to him when they notice the glee on his face.
Peter can also kind of understand the Cat’s fixation on him in the past few weeks. The rumors for relationships and other stuff. The idea that Peter’s actually slept with her at least twice in the past three weeks is enough to make him shiver on the spot. He feels violated by his own subconscious.
Karen suddenly interrupts.
Somehow, talking with Rhodey, Natasha and Cap helps quite a lot. They manage to distract him with sparring sessions and self-defense lessons. He’s not as strong as Cap, and surely not as agile as Nat, but just the basic moves are enough to make him forget about Pepper for a little longer. Yet, not completely, and every night in bed he stays awake instead of falling asleep. Some nights he just wanders around the compound and finds himself looking at the starry night, but other nights he hides himself in the lab, where he starts working on some new modifications for his teammate’s uniforms.
“What’s so special about a crashed ship?” Tony asks with a frown. He pulls away from Sharon to sit himself back down on the bed. Sharon takes place on the seat next to him and pulls up the files.
“Fine, then we don’t go in at the same time. I figure if we’re going to make the flight, we might as well do it together?” Tony asks, facing Steve again. The super soldier just sighs, shakes his head and rubs his hand over his brow. One lick of his lips is indication enough of his indecisiveness. “What is it, Steve? You’re ashamed of telling her about it? Then we just don’t say it, simple. Though it’s not like she’s going to remember afterwards if we tell her anyway.”
He knocks on the door, using the code Romanoff gave him. Two quick knocks, three long knocks, five quick knocks. Then the door opens up, revealing none other than Black Widow herself, though she’s looking different than normal.
“It’s nice to meet you, Steve,” Otto greets him. Steve nods, though before he can say something Otto has already pulled back and turned towards Peter to give him his handshake. Peter looks a bit confused about everything. “And you must be the son then, am I correct?”
“Personal matters aren’t enough to-“
“You know, at least we used protection,” she said, while aiming the condom to the bin, just to act all natural about it. She surely hoped she didn’t take the kid’s virginity. “I even had a speech ready for when I scolded you, but I can’t remember if I did that already…” Yaël tried to distract herself from her bigger problems, but she knew Peter and she had to talk out some shit. Their friendship hadn’t been smooth, well it had been barely existing passed few weeks.
Instead, he remains standing in front of the window for a little moment. His coffee stays on the desk, probably already getting cold, but Tony figures that coffee won’t help him. He knows what will, and that’s mostly the reason why he’s not spending more time at the penthouse. At least at the compound he’s not alone, and there are people there to keep an eye on him and keep him under control. He doesn’t need more public disgraces from being drunk again.
“You were being monitored, but your condition was getting worse,” the Doctor adds. Tony tries to remember his name, but he can’t. His eyes widen when, next to him, he sees Dr. Cho herself.
“Parker and pizza, best combination ever!” Wade joked, but he didn’t get a smile back. Instead, the teenager looked somewhat grumpy. He probably wanted to fill his evening differently, but he was trapped by Wade now. Peter dropped the pizza boxes on a small table that was meant as a post-table, but Yaël never got any mail, so it was permanently empty.
Everybody’s mouth falls open. Peter blinks a few times, actually wondering if it’s really that strong as he suggests. Hilde marches to her, taking one bottle and opening it up. Taking a sniff, she grins.
But once Steve returns with Tony right behind him, there seems to be a sudden shift in his mood. He’s smiling when he watches the grumpy billionaire sitting down on the stool next to Peter, already preparing another coffee for him to drink. All Tony says when the cup is handed to him is a grunted ‘thanks’ before he points down as a signal for Steve to just put it on the counter. Peter watches it all happen with lots of confusion going through him.
Oh, Peter remembers that kiss. He lets out another shaky breath while he leans against the tiles of the wall, his forehead pressed against them while his mind brings him back to memory-lane.
Peter nods. He thinks he understands it a bit.
“My sister- she-there-“ Yaël sounded out of breath caused by panic. It didn’t take Vision that long to put the pieces of the puzzle together.
Steve stays nothing; That should be indication enough.
The ringtone…
Peter nods.
- Emotional Peter
“Try to get an appointment with Stark’s assistant, and she’ll put you in the books. They take these scholarships very seriously. If you’re a smart lad, he’ll give you a chance.”
sex, Steve loves it quite a bit. “Uh, whatever. Just get him back home, soon!”
Peter just hopes he’s not about to create one for him, now.
“Hi!” A sandy-blonde man in front of her interrupted her with a wide grin. Where the hell did he come from?!  The man brought his hand towards her and Yaël shook it. “As you might not remember me, my name’s Clint.” She nodded, of course he was Clint, who else would be shooting arrows at her.
“And what would be so horrible about that?” Steve asks. “Because the Tony I know is, to me, perfect the way he is.”
“Just shut up and kiss me, you ass,” Steve returns. He lifts his hands from Tony’s hips and puts them on his cheeks.
Everybody nods. Then, Tony, Steve, Natasha and Peter face the portal. Peter’s just about ready to give up these portals forever, but for this one last time he can bite through it. He follows his dads through it, feeling Natasha wrap a protective arm over his shoulder.
“He woke up again a few minutes ago. Threw up some more, it was bloody this time. Next to that he’s losing more hair,” Steve explains. “Of course, you would know that if you were there.”
“A solid five minutes. Get up.”
“I didn’t-“ know how to approach it. That’s the problem about it all, right?
“Of course, the decision rests entirely on you. If you two are a match, we can’t force you to do this. Surgery can be scary, and it’s not to be taken lightly.”
Sharon’s eyes widen in surprise before she turns to look at Peter with a mouth fallen open. As she inspects him, she seems to be seeing the similarities in his face. Then, without saying anything, she pulls Peter into her arms as well, hugging him strongly.
At one point during the party, Peter took out his phone and texted Yaël once more, this time about where he currently is. It’s possible that he’s misspelled a few words, but he’s sure the girl can figure out what he means on her own.
“Uh, you guys wanted to talk?” Peter asks.
Peter knows it was probably Francis who came up with the idea. An attempt of him to keep Peter from working over day after day for almost five weeks. The guy’s surely just looking out for him, making sure he’s not working too many hours he’s not getting payed for.
“Cho’s not sure. So far, he hasn’t woken op. The fact that we don’t know what he injected doesn’t help at all,” another person says.
“Because, hell, Yaël…Death is beautiful!” his laugh sounded a bit maniacal.
“You got dinner yet?” Aaron asks. Miles blinks a few times before nodding.
Ross sits down again. That’s when Tony notices the other Ross isn’t present. Good, Tony
“You actually
Tony nods, getting back to his feet – when did he even sit down? – and turning back inside.
“Because the maid Isse is a blonde and she surely isn’t blind.” Yaël heard the counselor of the King of Helvegen again, which caused the return of the buzzing her ears.
Good, that’s good. Peter really doesn’t need another lecture like the last one. He’s still young, of course he’ll make mistakes!
Sharon sighs next to him. Tony blinks at her. She hangs up the phone.
“Most of it was, except for me.”
Karen warns him. Peter wants to react, but somehow, he’s slow. Looking deep into those green eyes, he only realizes he should stop her when his mask is raised up over his mouth.
Peter’s still drying off his hair when he walks out. His bedroom is empty, so after grabbing his stuff he heads to the living room. Johnny’s still asleep – if he even got home last night – but there’s another presence seated on the couch. Peter recognizes her immediately.
“What could probably go wrong?” X asked her. Peter stared at the grave for a little while.
“Ah, y’know, an hour’so,” the very-drunk Davey or however his name is actually said mumbles out, pressing his face against Johnny’s shoulder and starting to nod off. After another eye-roll from the guy, Johnny, he gives him a gentle push to get his attention back.
After a nod to nobody in particular, Tony heads to the closet in question and opens it. Much like Steve’s text suggested there’s a brown, worn briefcase on the bottom. When Tony takes it out, he finds only a few trinkets. A newspaper picture of Richard with Curt Connors, two coins, a broken calculator, an ID for Oscorp on Richard’s name, an USB stick and a case with used glasses inside of them. The last thing he finds is a loose folder, the logo on it being nothing more than two circles with diagonal lines through them.
Chapter warnings:
“Who do you live with?” Tony asks, wondering who had taken him in after Mary and Richard’s death. Tony still can’t really believe that she’s not here anymore. He feels like his body is real close to just crying, but he chokes it up for a little bit longer. The kid doesn’t need to see this.
it says. It’s a gift from Peter, something he got for Christmas (probably inspired by a certain Pepper Potts). To be honest, he thought they had both forgotten about the Arc Reactor. After Peter finished it, they stashed it somewhere safely, so nobody would get their hands on it. He should have known that Peter wouldn’t want it locked up like that.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if Tony would actually blackmail principal Morita to get me to pass,” Peter jokes, and Ned, too, starts to laugh. The dining hall starts to empty as the students make their way outside for a few more minutes before classes start.
Natasha is quiet most of the way. She just has her arm crossed into Peter’s, but her hands in the pockets of her coat. They look like quite the weird pair, since she’s obviously older than he is. Peter shudders at the thought of people thinking they would be together. Nat has become some sort of Aunt to him, in a way. It would feel extremely weird to think anything else about it.
interested.
So that’s why he had seen Mrs. Potts earlier. She doesn’t come by often, usually staying at the organization back in Malibu.
“You crazy son of a-,” Peter mutters the moment they’re only minutes away from Stark industries, hands onto his stomach as he prepares himself to lose all the contents. Before he can finish his sentence, a loud scream is heard coming from Wade, and then the sound of some sort of blade. When Peter looks up, he sees one of Wolverine’s claws through the roof of the car, two of them buried deep into Wade’s skull.
He lets out an annoyed breath, a bit angry at himself that he keeps on doing this all the time.
Tony sighs. He could have expected that.
He’s not in the tower, he’s at Stark Industries, on the balcony of Mr. Stark’s penthouse. The arms that he thought he had wrapped around himself aren’t actually his own, but the inventor’s instead.
That’s probably one of the biggest, unanswered questions in the world. Why are we alive? What is the point?
When Steve leans up to kiss Tony quiet, their roles reverse. Tony comes to lie down on his back, and Steve leans above him, their eyes looking deeply into the other and their lips stuck in a permanent smile. Tony reaches up his hand to pass it over Steve’s cheek, seeing how the man enjoys the touch.
“Whoa, that’s better, thanks!” Peter calls out, looking down at his gloved hands.
The first person comes out with his hands in the air, quickly followed by two others. The three of them allow themselves to be taken into custody with no fight or struggle. If only everything would go so easily, Peter wonders to himself.
“She is?” Wade asks, confused. “Whoa, how much time has passed since then?”
“Hey, Peter?”
It’s a testament to the fabric Tony has used that it’s not ripping as he slides on the ground. There’s a messy chase. He’s shot at by the same purple beam as in the bank. He’s swinging left and right, smashing against multiple trashcans and mailboxes. His nose actually hurts from the repeated blows.
“You guys are no help at all,” he complains. He doesn’t startle when the door to the penthouse opens and Bruce comes walking inside, eyes planted on his own tablet as well as he’s reading whatever Tony is looking at right now.
Yaël looked up when she heard some sort of whooshing sound and quickly ducked away. Even though she managed to dodge the blade flying towards her, Hela was smart enough to surprise Yaël by simultaneously creating a spear that went right through Yaël’s upper right leg and her hip. Calling it painful would be minimalizing. She didn’t dare to look down, but she felt perfectly where Hela’s weapons had impaled her. Unable to move to free herself from the spear, she saw Hela walking towards her with a smirk. With just a simple move with her hands, the Queen was holding two sword-ish looking weapons.
” He sounded a bit weird.
The crowd makes a ‘ooooh-‘sound, and Steve blinks up with red cheeks. The two of them don’t really respond, because LL takes the word before they can speak.
"Yeah, well, but freezing someone also burns, you know?"
Peter looks up, suddenly fearing for MJ even more. Is she even still in the web? If she is, it’s most probably a trap. Venom wants Peter to reach her, and when he’s there she’ll attack under his influence. It’s just about the cruelest thing to do! That’s like making a brainwashed Steve kill Tony and let him suffer the aftermath on his own!
- Dark Peter
“Tony, I need to get to the compound!”
“What do you mean; he had a panic attack?” Yaël was walking home from work when Wanda called . “Did he forget his meds?”
“Not like I needed a driver’s license in space,” she mutters. If Peter would have been drinking something, he would have spitted it back out right into Steve’s face upon that revelation.
I can't keep my own word, and I've come to an agreement with myself. Updates will be bi-weekly instead of once a week. Posting days will be on Monday's and Thursday's!
Peter’s backpack is thrown in his bedroom where two male adults are sleeping in his bed. He doesn’t stay there long. That’s why he doesn’t notice the black goo, that had attached itself on the underside of the bag, creeping inside.
America the brave
“I shouldn’t complain,” he laughs. Then Natasha suddenly punches him in the arm, giving him her murderous eyes. When Steve tries to see what got her so angry all of the sudden, he sees that, outside of the little garden house, a couple of guards start nearing it with their guns raised up. “I, uh, I nee to hang up now, son. I’m actually on a mission right now and I can see multiple guns pointed at me. I’ll talk to you later?”
“Big deal?! When the whole world seems to revolve around sex, I think it’s a pretty big deal, yeah…” Peter throws his head back against the couch, looking at the ceiling with a defeated look on his face.
Peter stands next to MJ, who has put her straightened hair into a messy bun (even messier than before since it doesn’t seem to stay up the way she wants it to) and is wearing a faded Simpsons-apron. She’s already taken off the make-up that was put on her and changed back into her normal clothes. Peter, on the other hand, didn’t get changed.
Standing up, the girl suddenly puts a hand on Peter’s cheek and suddenly kisses him on the lips. It’s a quick peck, almost as if it’s something they do all the time.
“Well, expect me to call for your help more often,” she said while leaning down and grabbing a beer from the lower shelf in the refrigerator. “Since sex doesn’t seem to be doing the trick anymore… Can’t use the same thing too often with that man.”
Tony doesn’t speak. Anything that could trigger Bruce right now is incredibly bad news, so it’s best to just keep his mouth shut.
“You know what, whatever… I’ll figure it out next year,” he mutters, wondering how he would even manage to pull all that off
Either way, whatever he chooses, he’ll end up following one parent anyway; biochemistry would be for the career his parents had. Electrical engineering would be continuing in his new father’s line of work. Both subjects interest him; the first one because he’s always been good at it and could be even better, but the second because it’ll get him to make new things, invent new stuff, which is something he also finds himself doing most of his free time.
Cap looked a bit confused, like he totally didn’t expect to ever see her in this kind of context, yelling about a flute to a bunch of teens.
, you handsome idiot!"
“About that, it’s actually why I’m here,” Steve admits. With his arms still crossed, he takes a few steps until he’s leaning against the window, eyes not letting go of Tony’s. He looks serious, but in all honesty he almost always does. It’s not often that Tony catches him in a joking mood. Or, at least, in the beginning of their friendship. “You told that reporter we’re together.”
, and Tony has to do everything in his power to keep his fists to himself.
- Peter saying dumb shit
going to keep on saying
Peter closes his eyes and lets the darkness surround him.
“Yeah,” he returns shortly.
“Ah, well,” Clint mutters, sitting down on the seat where Steve had been earlier. “I didn’t really hate living in the tower. I don’t mind being here all that much.” He shrugs, turning towards Sam who shrugs as well.
Peter’s aunt is beyond excited. She’s already wearing a Mickey Mouse shirt, a backpack stuck to her back and a cap on her head. The smile on her face is endless, showing the lines on her face but making her all the more beautiful. Peter likes it when Aunt May is happy. She’s had it rough after losing Uncle Ben, but now she seems to have finally found peace with his passing.
Helen takes another deep breath while turning to Bruce. It’s a silent cry for help it seems, like she doesn’t want to be the one to tell them whatever news she has for them. Lucky for her, Bruce seems to take it over, after all.
And for the first time ever Tony manages to smile to the man next to him. He holds out a hand and rests it on Wade’s shoulder, squeezing it gently.
“The door is open, come on in,” he calls out. Barely any second later the door opens and Harry enters the room with no explanation at all. Peter looks at his friend, seeing him appear a bit… agitated? Is that possible?
He scoffs, puts his hands in the pocket of his hoodie, and keeps on walking.
FRIDAY instructs, lighting up the last drawer much like Peter would have expected. He gets on his feet, hurrying to open it. He sees it lying instantly, separated from the others. It’s put in a glass box, a note written on it.
The drive to Oscorp takes even longer than he would have expected, probably because of the evacuation. He can see that the people are already walking back inside, so he shouldn’t have any problem retrieving his mother’s files.
“I’m just- going to toilet for a bit,” he mutters out. Passing Peter, he goes through his hair
“You don’t know that. Maybe he just happened to see you.” Charles kept looking chill, hanging on the bench.
Mr. Stark asks questions. A lot of them, mostly about hypothetical situations and how Peter would act in them. Somewhere in the beginning of the interview, the woman called Rosaly Terrence starts cleaning up his wounds while the two keep on talking. After ten minutes, she leaves again.
“How are
“Yeah, fine, next time I’ll wait to die until you’re by my side, how’s that?” he jokes, rubbing his shoulder. Sharon punches him again.
He thinks he should be glad that Harry and Johnny are there with him as his mental support, but to be honest it's not that much of a comfort. It's probably even worse now, given that he now gets to be embarassed about his superhero-dads in front of an entire crowd.
“Tony, being a stripper is not really a worthy thing,” Steve returns.
“I’m getting you out of here, smartpants. I have a quinjet with me but we need to hurry” she says, nodding back towards the window. “We only have a very short moment before the guards continue on their patrol.”
“Everything you want, my dear,” Steve responds, pulling Tony’s hand back up when it starts lowering down. Tony snorts, holding on to Steve the moment he starts driving. They exit the garage fairly quickly, entering into a New York illuminated by the light of the sunset. Tony sighs while resting his head against Steve’s back, looking at the sky around him. Seeing this, who could possibly tell that there’s more out there? Other planets, galaxies… things that want to kill them…
He tries calling out Karen’s name once more, but nothing comes from it. Peter makes a questioning sound, taking a good look around him before deciding to get lower, maybe get himself under some light. He jumps off the wall, intending to swing his web to a nearby building only to smash against it. Without realizing it, he must have pushed himself off much harder than intended. Rubbing his aching shoulder, Peter sticks himself back up.
“Goddamnit, it’s my liver, right?” he groans. “I remember the doctor coming by earlier, crap… why is my brain all over the place?”
“Are you telling me that Wade is best friends with Death?” Charles kicked away some gravel which came from a wall Logan had punched his claws through.
“They’re all inside,” she says. Tony nods, giving Peter a little push in the back. Pepper moves to the side to free the way, and touches Peter’s shoulder once again, a sign of good luck.
“Oh, this old thing? I got it at the school fair after graduation,” she returns with a wink. Then she holds up her camera. “There’s nothing better than to take before and after pictures of the room, don’t you think?”
wrong.
late, it’s still extremely dark outside.
Peter figures this is the way it
“You have no idea how much I despise you,” Eddie mutters out. Peter shakes his head.
“That won’t be neces-“
“Nah, I’ll call him, you help me out of here, Wade Wilson.” Yaël tried to sound easy and light, but the pain she felt seemed to crush her ribs and split her heart open. When she blinked, she could swear she could still feel dirt falling onto her body and she couldn’t shake the image of Raido collapsing, blood gushing from his throat. She couldn’t fool X, she knew that, but she was grateful he didn’t point it out, so she’d be able to fool Wade and herself a bit.
late,” he mutters back, to which Peter grins.
“Well, yeah…but you’re walking straight to the town.”
“Hey, Tones, you checked that USB-drive yet?” Bruce asks suddenly, barely looking up from the piece of paper he’s studying. Tony startles, having forgotten about the drive.
“He will WHAT?!” she asks in surprise, a bit too loud. Out of reflex she puts her hands on her mouth to keep herself from shouting any louder. They wait silently to hear if Peter or Richard are awake. When it looks like they slept through it she relaxes again.
“I’ll get you some breakfast. After that, the others will want to look over that suit again,” May says, getting up on her feet and nodding towards Peter, whose eyes suddenly open up wide. He gasps in surprise, putting his hands on his chest and looking down.
“Yeah, about that, Natasha is quite pissed that you stole her mask. She wants it back,” Steve adds in between. Peter kicks off his shoes as he listens in on what is said here.
Richard Parker wasn’t his father?
“Okay,” he said slowly “Now put it back, I know you have a lot of tricks up your sleeve with water and fire. Use air, I’m curious if you made progress.”
“No! I mean, my friends all suggested things but I can’t give Tony a stupid watch or a Spa-day!”
“You know I don’t,” Tony answers automatically. It’s his usual answer whenever Steve asks it. Does he resent him? Of course he doesn’t.
Oh, that doesn’t sound convincing at all. Peter’s a horrible actor.
“Really, I’m good, Hilde. Don’t worry about me,” he assures her, trying to get up his ‘I’m fine’-smile. Hilde doesn’t seem to believe him, but at least she decides to drop the subject.
Peter looks down, blinking when he hears a crash underneath him. A few alarms from cars fill his ears, a man shouting – in anger or in pain, Peter doesn’t know.
now SHIELD turning out to be HYDRA? Yeah, you bet I’m making a new suit. I’m making a few of them…”
“For how long?” Peter asks. Tony huffs out a breath, going through his hair.
wearing the suit underneath – with the fact that he’s not sure about
Of course, that’s easier said than done. As a temporary solution, they’ve just come to the idea that Tony would pass along a copy, and that they would make their notes in there.
Who was Wanda? Was she his girlfriend? Ooooh! Then why hadn’t
“Sure you did,” Tony returns with a glare. “Except, Spider-Man has been spotted in the city until five in the morning. Care to explain that?”
“Good idea.”
“So you do have a girlfriend,” she states, though not sounding angry about it at all.
So after Korg had double checked if everyone was released, he guided them towards the Grandmaster’s plane-collection. Yaël heard the other gladiators mumble when they ran passed windows that showed the arena.
“We wasted so much time,” Steve mutters towards Tony. Peter figures that the mission they went on probably was another bust. They’ve been gone far longer than they normally are, too. More than two weeks, almost!
is talking!” he shouts. “What if somebody had died tonight? Different story, right?”
“Don’t worry, that’ll be taken care of,” Tony assures him. Peter nods enthusiastically, and then the two dive right back into work, this time not making the suit for the mystery hero but putting together a new Iron Man suit. Ned would freak out!
“I need to go,” Peter whispers out, feeling a strong wave of shame coming over him. His body’s feeling all weird, wanting and needing more while his brain is telling him that he shouldn’t. He needs to get back to the apartment, take a cool shower, study up a little? Maybe call Aunt May if she’s still up.
Steve tries, oh, he tries so hard. Peter can only shake his head some more.
“The dude
Johnny shouts from the living room. Peter chuckles after that and MJ shakes her head in amusement. Then she holds up her camera once more.
“Just focus on my voice,” Peter says as if he’s read Tony’s mind. The man nods, holding out his hand until it’s touching Peter’s. He squeezes his fingers, feeling Peter squeeze in return. Good, that means it’s real. He hovers forward, following Peter. “Good, you’re doing good.”
Yaël hadn’t slept for a few days and she felt completely drained. Every night was a struggle; on one side, she wanted to sleep because she felt exhausted, but on the other hand she panicked about falling asleep, because what if she’d never wake up? What if she’d see other gruesome things?
Dr. Cho raises an eyebrow at him, clearly unimpressed. But then she nods towards the door.
It’s been a pet-project of his. After finishing his self-made Bluetooth Mp3-player, Peter has put aside everything else to fish out the blueprints for the Arc Reactor and try to build it on his own. So far, he’s only barely managed to figure out how it all works, but he finds it easier and easier to understand the more he looks at it.
“Okay, why are you stealing radioactive material,” Peter calls out, immediately alarmed after receiving Karen’s information. The girl gives him a confused look at that.
He started speaking through the phone again.
Peter looks up in alarm then, eyes widening and mouth fallen open. Harry smirks again.
He sighs, looking around in search for
“Aaaaaaand score!”
“Uh, you can let me go now, Dad,” Peter mutters out. Tony doesn’t react. Not even when another pair of footsteps comes up behind him. Peter blinks a few times when he sees Steve enter, but where he would expect Steve to tell Tony to let him go, instead the super soldier comes up and pulls both Peter and Tony into his arms as well.
Tony nods, letting Peter and Steve pull him along to where they want him to go. He turns his head once more, shortly. The light side is far away now, barely even visible. It’s alright, though. The stars are more beautiful to look at for now.
“Then, let’s introduce the world to him, shall we?”
Yaël turned and looked around until she found two firm sticks. As soon as she found those, she started ticking against the carved horses in a certain rhythm.
“I’m hired, especially for you!”
“No way! Not yet at least.”
of July, but Yaël was very grateful for every day that yellow ball of light came out. She could feel its warmth through the window and loved every bit of it.
Tony nods. Pepper looks up, confused. Happy, too, doesn’t seem like he’s heard that news before.
“Oh, I remember, you complained about it the entire dance, saying you couldn’t believe I got you to dance on this very song,” Steve jokes. Tony snorts, but keeps on singing along.
“My my, I think I’ve found our regular meeting spot,” somebody says behind him. Peter groans, rolling his eyes and turning his head slightly to see the Black Cat walking up to him.
“Holy shit, you went to Asgard?!” Peter asks enthusiastically. He really needs to call Tony! “Wait, now that you’re back, will you spend Christmas with us? I’m sure it would cheer Tony up a bit! He’s got so many things to tell you, I’m sure!”
How can it even be possible? Peter in no way has any sort of attraction towards Johnny. Even now, thinking about the kiss, he can’t even understand why he was so into it back then. Could it be the alcohol? Could it be because he was tired?
And he wishes he’d done more. Or that he’d at least had a chance to do so.
“Who’s here?” he asks. Tony gives him an unimpressed look.
The argument is cut short, eventually, when both Steve and Tony’s phone start ringing. Having gotten a message from George Souza.
“Wow, nice to see you too,” Cat answers cockily, leaning forward to kiss Peter on the cheek. “I saw you swing this way and figured you could use a hand.”
Wade’s idea to build him a spaceship that will allow him to go to space might have been something completely else, but even Peter realizes that it’s not a realistic goal! Yaël just said something about presents being overrated. Peter figures she’s just bitter because she’s probably never gotten anything in her life before. That’s a worry for later!
“I thought she was dead?” Yaël turned around and looked the two gossiping girls, who were looking at her from the opening of the door, right in the eyes. She cocked her eyebrow and crossed her arms. The two girls looked terrified and quickly ran away. There were a lot of students recognizing her and asking questions, but Yaël didn’t feel like telling her whole life-story to a bunch of kids. She quickly checked the washing machine again before going back upstairs.
Steve smells nice now that he’s clean again. Like flowers, somehow, but in combination with… cherry, maybe?
“Please, don’t-“
Tony thinks to himself. He doesn’t say it out loud.
“Uh, this is Peter, my intern. I invited him along for educational reasons, you see,” he says loud enough for other people to hear. Peter sags a bit in relief after that, shaking Otto’s hand with a smile that accentuates he’s less uncomfortable now.
“I’m sorry I didn’t say anything sooner. I thought it was just another common cold,” he apologizes. Tony shakes his head.
I'm a day early, I'm aware. I'm just on a roll with writing these chapters, and I might even be starting to hope to finish the story before Infinity War comes out, as I'm currently writing chapter 21 of 26. Yes, indeed I wrote 26, since I have once again added another chapter to the repertoire (one of my chapters got way too long, so I had to split it in two!)
pass is because the guy I’m interning for is also my dad.”
“Tony, I need to speak to you.”
"Sure." Yaël crossed her arms.
“How did you know I was here?” Peter asks. It’s Vision who answers, though.
Peter nods, glad she doesn’t seem too insulted about him reading into his past. She then silently hands him the journal back.
“Such a feat is not possible, brother,” Thor counters.
,” Ned says. Peter frowns.
“It’s alright, Peter, they’re gone now,” she assures him. Peter blinks open one eye and slowly starts to lower his hands. Finding his dad standing there behind Natasha, he lets out an exasperated breath.
“Peter?” somebody asks, and the teenager turns around. He hadn’t realized that another person had been standing behind him. He blinks a few times, preparing an apology for not seeing the girl sooner, but then his eyes meet her familiar brown ones. His eyes go wide.
Eventually they get back inside when the snowfall seems to get worse. It’s weird how much the climate here can be so different from New York’s. Steve shakes the snow off his gown and takes a look inside. The room has filled out, the musicians already tuning their Asgardian instruments. The choir warming up their voices. Every person performing seems to be wearing the same sort of golden gowns. A couple of the chairs already seem to be taken. Steve can quickly recognize Tony sitting next to Bruce and Stephen.
“I think your God wants humanity to learn how to love. Why would he disapprove whatever kind of love you’re feeling?” Steve’s eyes grew big and turned a bit red. He looked away. When he looked back at her, the redness was gone again.
“I’m sorry, Tony and I haven’t been playing baseball...” Steve admits a bit surprised.
“They called it putting Thor’s ‘manhood’ on her lap, but I figure it’s just mostly tradition since Thor can’t very much give blessing to his own wedding,” Tony mutters back. Steve frowns at the absurdity of it, but he figures it’s just something he wouldn’t understand. “I also think it’s a combination of exchanging weapons. Though Jane has no weapons to offer, and Mjölnir is not just something anybody can pick up.”
But that means that Tony is left alone with Peter; the genius sixteen-year-old teenager with mental issues and who also happens to be Tony’s only (as far as he knows) son. Said son who
Tony looks sad all of the sudden, but it’s Steve who speaks.
- Peter makes some calls
Peter loses everything May told him after that. All he does is stare awkwardly at Liz’ father, Mr. Toomes. He’s busy doing the dishes, wearing a blue plaid shirt and looking all domestic. Not at all like he’s about to kill him again.
just don’t want you to be an Avenger yet. Is it really so hard for you to understand, Peter?”
“What happened to you?” Peter asks, surprised by how hurt his own voice can sound. Felicia just snorts before shaking her head.
“I’m looking forward to it,” Peter grins.
Maybe last time Tony couldn’t really do much to save his son other than travel back into time and prevent Thanos from ever getting the six stones together. This time, though, he’s got an advantage. Science. He can figure this shit out, can find out what makes Peter tick and what suddenly stopped working.
Tony nods. “I was bitter for a long time,” he admits. “There’s a lot you took away from me, Mary. His first words, his first steps. His first day of school… those are all things I really wish I could have been a part of.”
“And that’s why you were late?” Steve asks, sounding a bit concerned. Peter sighs before dropping his head on the table.
“I’m sorry I flipped out,” Tony suddenly says as they start walking back. “I know it seems like I’m smothering you all the time, but I promise I have my reasons for it.”
Tony frowns. He never knew about that. How is that even possible? Did Peter’s parents know about him getting bitten, then? How could they possibly know about that?
“No, no! It’s not the alcohol, sit down!” Yaël signed. Hilde nodded and sat back down.
“As you probably know, Peter, who is also your dear son, is my friend. He’s a swell kid, but I don’t see him all that often. Obviously, I kind of miss him, you know. He doesn’t have a lot of time since he started his internship here.”
“Peter? Are you alright?” Yaël was worried. Her group of friends was falling apart, but maybe Peter wanted to join her and just leave all of this behind. She knew he had a hard time being in the middle of Tony and Steve’s fight.
"Holy crap, dear, you gave it all... I think I actually pulled a
“I guess we’ll never know now, shall we?” he asks. Then he pulls his hand back completely and reaches for his crutch, getting himself off the chair without any trouble. “Now how about I go search for that criminal of ours before Peter comes to rip me a new one?”
“No, Peter!” Tony shouts. Then his eyes go wide and he sags his shoulders again, hiding his eyes underneath his hand. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have shouted.”
“Good thinking,” Hawkeye tells him, saluting him in greeting before fishing out another arrow. Widow thanks him for the quick reflexes. Peter just shrugs, not finding it that weird for him to notice things like that so quickly.
“I’ll continue the search. One of us ought to,” he returned. Steve smiled at him.
They arrive at the compound in about twenty minutes. Tony stretches his back the moment he’s back on his feet, handing Steve back the helmet. He doesn’t put it away, instead hanging them on the steer. Then he hurries towards the door, motioning for Tony to follow him.
“Even more drugs for me, huh? I’m taking enough of them as we speak,” Tony mutters bitterly. “Besides, I’m fine.”
“Uh, you know… about yesterday?” Peter starts, but Tony shakes his head quickly.
“What about Ned?”
“Aha, here you are!” Was she talking to her phone now? Whatever. Yaël pressed play and Aerials from System of a Down started to play. Now, she had no idea yet how she’d learn to play it, but listening to it already gave her a few ideas.
The past few texts have been more of the same. They’re just small little updates on his life, things he wants Steve to know, despite knowing that he won’t ever get to see these. And if Tony would be aware he’s doing this, he’ll be feeling horrible again, so it’s his mission nowadays not to let the man know.
Steve smiles back at him. “Just a coffee, please,” he says.
“Better we- uh- better we move to the bedroom?” Tony suggests, and reluctantly, Steve pulls his lips back and drops his forehead on Tony’s shoulder. The two start chuckling nervously. “Or do you want to finish the dishes, first?”
, so to say. That declares his past one-night-stand after that party last year.
She noticed it as soon as she walked out of the Tower. A group of people from across the street were whispering to each other while staring at her. The bus came immediately, so Yaël didn’t have the chance to keep on analyzing them. But once she got on the bus, a random dude frequently ‘subtly’ aimed his phone at her direction, like he was trying to take a picture of her. What the hell was going on with these people? Was it because of her weird purple and blue hair?
“Where are you going, Peter?” Michelle asks. Peter points towards the hallway, phone still in his hand. He knows the screen is pointed at her, and she could easily read what it says. Michelle just leans forward. “What are you hiding, Peter?”
- Obviously Harry and Bucky aren't at all in the same situation. Bucky has been brainwashed and forced to kill for YEARS, and Harry caused his own doom. On the other hand, our vision of Harry's story is that he's a victim, too. A victim of a disease he received from his father, a disease that eats at his brain and drives him crazy. His biology has failed him, and he tries whatever he can to survive, only to have that blow up in his face as well. Where, then, was Peter when that happened? Nobody really seemed to be doing the effort of helping Harry, after all... So, no, when Steve compares his situation with Bucky with Peter and Harry, it isn't a COMPLETE comparison. It's just to help Tony understand how Steve felt during it all, and how he suspects Peter is feeling with his crap. Of course, the situations aren't the same. Peter and Harry are too young to already have such a long history of brainwashing.
The blur around Yaël suddenly disappeared. She was standing in complete darkness. In front of her stood a man looking like he was in his early thirties. He had long brown, wavy, messy hair and pointedly grayish blue eyes. Yaël was so thunderstruck, she ignored the man for a second and threw her arms in the air.
“Earth it is.”
“I need to- I need to see Peter,” he says. When he tries to make his suit move, fly away, it seems like it can’t. Looking down, he remembers the arc reactor being destroyed.
Tony shoots up when he hears the sound. He grabs the phone from Peter’s hand and holds it close to his ear.
,” he answered sternly. Yup, Yaël could feel the blame already.
“Just… thought about doing what you did – with Dum-E? I thought he would like a little cousin.” Peter shrugs as he draws out the first design for his own bot. He doesn’t know how long it’ll take for him to finish this one, but it’s a nice project.
fault.”
“FRIDAY, call up Dr. Cho, tell her I need assista-“
“I can understand that,” Harry mutters out. “How much longer have they got?”
When he turns around he already finds about two plates flying up his way.
“In a minute, first I need to make sure he has a comm! When I’m in the tower I’ll get Wanda to come here as quickly as possible and-“
“Eh, yeah, that’s a given I suppose,” he admits as if it isn’t that big of a deal. Peter unknowingly takes a step forward. Harry’s eyes widen a bit at that, but he doesn’t mention it at all. “So what do I earn the pleasure of your visit? Gossip? Tears? Mutual plans of destroying the world and make it
After that, MJ starts walking towards the door, leaving the apartment. Peter passes a hand through his hair, vaguely aware of the shifting noise behind him. When suddenly a hand rests onto his shoulder, he jumps away, turning around towards the Cat with his hand held up as a stop-signal.
THE Captain America just fell asleep in her sofa. It wasn’t the first time, though. He used to sleep in her room every now and then, back when she lived in the compound. Yes, she remembered that, all of a sudden. She used to live in the compound, with Steve and…crap.
Peter nods, glad that she feels comfortable enough to share this bit of information with him. She trusts him. That doesn’t come easy for her, he figures.
Steve stares at him, studying him intently.
“Okay this is getting old,” War Machine suddenly calls out, and then he lifts up in the air and starts racing towards Harry with the gun on his shoulder pointed forward. Harry hasn’t noticed yet, and Peter intents to keep it that way. The sooner he’s back into custody, the better.
be. Loki moved around her smoothly, not even questioning her actions. Water raised from underneath, forming into a few dozens of men with weapons of sharp ice as it reached the bridge. This way, Yaël created her own army. Her water army immediately clashed onto the zombies and started fighting.
