Wrapping the ashes received as a gift in the long-suffering leaflet, and shaking off the dry black suspension from his hands, John took out a notebook and pencil.
I already translated all 25 chapters plus bonus, so everything else is on dear
As he expected, they were sorely unprepared to receive any guests. Of course, Sherlock managed to finish the last cookies and, of course, did not tell him about it. They even ran out of tea, not to mention coffee or milk. The conclusion was disappointing - Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade shamelessly spoiled them. The fact that even the Inspector did not come to them empty-handed already said a lot about them, and John promised himself to start a conversation with all the participants in this unfortunate situation as soon as possible. In the meantime, he had only one universal solution in mind.
As far as he remembered from the general theory, only another divine artifact could extinguish the power of a divine artifact, but their interaction could lead to unpredictable consequences, so he definitely needed something else. And affordable.  Something that, if one looked through the systemic mess residing in the living quarters on Baker Street consisted of, might actually be useful to him.
“You will understand everything yourself.”
S x J  S x J  S x J
Failing to deceive Sherlock with a hastened innocent expression, John could see he was still disappointed and angry, and not without reason. John’s communication with Dimmock had not given the desired results; the Inspector flatly refused to appear at the next crime scene, which meant John couldn’t get in, unlike Holmes. Personally, it didn’t seem so important to him, knowing that the dark mage would do just fine without him. Although he still had to do something with Dimmock. His indecision, cowardice and disgust could later seriously complicate their life, as, for example, now, when they were forced to go to the morgue instead of examining the crime scene.
Having delivered the request, John hastened to move closer to the clearing, and now he was seating children around him - the smallest or weakest in strength closer, older or with more stable auras further away.
The study of the signs was accompanied by intense silence on the part of Su Lin, and Sherlock, unlike John, could clearly see her face and the emotions reflected on it.
“Don't worry, dear John. My people will take care of everything.”
The Lantern Festival, judging by the lively audience, attracted not only exotic lovers, but many others as well. He met several reporters, broadcasting something impressively on camera, and periodically met both photographers and journalists adorned with weighty bags - the event clearly turned out to be widely publicized, which he did not even suspect.
“It turns out to be.”
“And the head of the Asia division (1).”
He really liked Healer Sarah Sawyer, but she still wasn’t the one from whom he expected reciprocal feelings. Perhaps it was not at all gentlemanly to use this witch, wonderful in every respect, in such a cynical way, but he needed to somehow test his theory, and she, even at first, superficial glance, was an ideal candidate for the implementation of an uncomplicated plan that came to his mind....
He really liked Sarah Sawyer, although she was far from Sherlock’s standards in terms of talent or eccentricity, he hoped that she would be able to gain his approval. Unfortunately, no matter how strange it may sound, without it he couldn’t have any relations with her, not even as colleagues. In fact, he wouldn’t be able to have any relations with any witch or mage, if they weren’t approved by the dark mage. John frowned, one would involuntarily get the impression that he had returned to about twenty-thirty years ago, when he was still living with his parents and had to look for their approval regarding new friends or each new passion. The comparison didn’t inspire and once again made him wonder what his life had become after meeting one particular dark mage.
Before meeting with the new Inspector appointed for him by the Ministry, he still had to look at the former curator for the results of the latest tests and the final conclusion. The last formality, after which, he hoped to remember his life before Holmes as little as possible, no matter how cynical and trite it may sound. An involuntary return to familiar dull streets brought back not only uninvited memories. Breathing in the damp air, filled with the noise of city streets and strange cries, he listened with surprise to the words reaching him from all directions.
Sherlock pressed his lips to the hot pads for a moment and smiled at the corners of his lips, pulling away - he had waited so long, so he could wait a little longer. Moreover, John, without even realizing it, presented him with another riddle. Sherlock felt an unnatural heat under his palm, pressed against his back under the thin blanket. The strange pentagrams had to be scrutinized and analyzed, perhaps even with the help of Mycroft.
The body in the hands of the dark mage twitched again, but did not make a sound. It was just as painful to look at as it was to feel another's overwhelming force on oneself.
After checking for his wallet, keys and notebook, John obediently followed Holmes, who had donned his favorite coat, though it was warm outside. Even in stuffy rooms, the dark mage rarely parted with a jacket or scarf, and his hands almost always remained cold. As a Healer and in his practice, faced with dark mages, he knew perfectly well why this happened (1), and living together with one once again strengthened John in his observations and conclusions.
Hello-hello, my dears))
“What do you say?”
John looked around in surprise. The world did not turn upside down; everything was still in its place: the children who looked at him with undisguised admiration, and the trees with their dense green crowns, and the grass hiding ripe apples. Neither the sky above nor the earth beneath them - nothing had changed place, and now he could use magic without reserve at the Ministry or the Agents, and he did not do anything illegal, but he still had a feeling that what was happening was wrong. Therefore, out of habit, he hid his presence, and hastily scattered the residual echoes of the runes used.
___________________________________________________
“Okay. Let's go.”
For some reason, John knew for sure that they were talking about completely different things, but didn’t focus on that. He himself did not know where this conviction came from.
Pulling back the bottom of his jacket, and shrugging in uncertainty, even tying a tie, though he couldn’t stand them, now and then reaching for the narrow piece of fabric to loosen or tighten the knot, indecisive on how he was more comfortable, John genuinely couldn’t make up his mind.
“What's with the body? Shall we carry out the ceremony? Ritual?” To get the conversation back on track wasn’t something difficult, albeit not always effective, but this time luck was on John's side, though he wasn’t  honored with an answer. Instead, Holmes threw back the hem of his coat with a theatrical gesture and removed a small magnifying glass from his pocket.
“So you kept in touch after graduation? That’s very sweet,” at his words, both former classmates involuntarily winced, as if they had eaten something sour.
Ah, this. It meant that the young Inspector either heard about him, or he, himself encountered Sherlock. And John has already heard similar words in different variations more than once. John could admit, at least to himself that it was naive on his part to hope for something else, based only on the beautiful weaving of runes.
“Excuse me, but where are we going?”
“Hmm...” Holmes cocked his head to one side and listened to something. “I thought so.  But we do not have time to wait until they receive all the necessary permits.”
The arrival of the brother with his constant assistant caught only Artifactist Su Lin by surprise, who, it seemed, did not expect the appearance of a Necromancer of Mycroft's level in ordinary London apartments. Still, as a half-breed, she could see a little more than all other mages could usually see, so it wasn’t surprising that the girl squeezed into John's favorite chair and sat motionlessly, afraid to attract attention. Although this did not stop her now and then from throwing admiring and interested glances at Anthea, however, Sherlock immediately deleted this information as unnecessary. Much more interesting was Mycroft's reaction to the strange signs, but he was disgustingly closed, not giving the slightest chance to read himself.
“Will it hurt?”
(1) MinMag - respectively, the Ministry of Magic.
“It's amazing. You are full of talent, as I can see.”
“And remember, this is our secret, do not tell anyone about it.”
A short greeting and the ensuing handshake could only be called friendly at a stretch. The mage Sebastian Wilkes didn’t make the most pleasant impression on John, so it wasn’t surprising that Holmes had looked unhappy all the way here.
“I...” John was not very fond of sharing his thoughts with a genius mage; more often than not, he turned out to be wrong, about which he was immediately informed. But Holmes constantly insisted on this, arguing that it helped him to think, and also that John needed to practice more.
An unmade bed and a mess in the bedroom did not prevent the attacker from performing his ritual and successfully disguising him as suicide.
“Let's catch this Spider.”
“Well, I have a little doubt there. You are watching me too closely, more intently than usual. Trust me, this won't make me eat faster.”
John said goodbye and fell awkwardly out of the car, his legs still feeling like jelly. Now that the adrenaline had completely subsided, he could think rationally. What had happened was a test, a sophisticated, non-obvious, rather strange situation, but still a test. Though there was still a small percentage that Mycroft Holmes had nothing to do with it, it was still the least believable scenario, so John decided to simply ignore that possibility.
The loud ringing of the bell reminded them that the break was almost over, and the children reluctantly began to disperse, talking animatedly about what had happened. Reminding them once again that they had agreed to keep quiet about everything, he said goodbye to everyone and left the same way, through the fence that he had come over. His experiment today could be safely viewed as successful, so now he could return home with a clear conscience.
Interested in the words of the elderly witch, he listened to her, while the heavy envelope with the coat of arms of the Ministry of Magic beckoned him to look inside. But the strange, inadvertently dropped words once again reminded him that the woman scurrying around in their kitchen was an unusual witch, and the envelope could certainly wait a little longer. He already had a good guess about the nature of the message lying inside.
The magic spilled into the air, spreading in all directions as a viscous stream, giving a feeling of peace and tranquility. He had forgotten what it was like not to be maneuvering constantly, avoiding or passing through the magical Storms, or how out of habit he was to brush off someone else's residual magic while crossing the streets, or catching the echoes of other people's spells. John had already gotten used to the constant hustle and bustle, as if he had never left the London streets for the sake of sun-scorched Afghanistan. So now the sudden silence made him a little nervous, which, however, did not last  long.
At his arrival, the hall was already one third full, and people kept coming and coming. Men, women, old people, and adolescents, whole families seeking salvation and answers, silently sat around, not even talking to each other.
A small black box tied with a black ribbon was held out to him.
(2) Chinese writing is a thousand-year hieroglyphic or ideographic recording system that originated in China. It differs from the alphabetical one in that each sign is assigned some meaning (not only phonetic), and the number of signs is large;
The continued examination gave John nothing. Without a crime scene, he could not draw any conclusions. There was still hope for the Calling Ritual, but he sincerely did not understand how he could be useful now, and why it was worth tugging him here. Although it more than fit into his possessive theory about Holmes.
“I'm hungry. Maybe we can order something?”
John had repeatedly encountered advertising tricks of this type, but for the first time in his memory, he did not want to throw out an ordinary black piece of paper without having read what exactly he was offered this time.
“Su Lin Yao, Artifactist (1).”
“You're tired, let's catch a taxi.”
John didn’t know what to expect from the soul summoning ritual, but for sure, not what had occurred. Everything happened somehow too casually and boring. The world had narrowed to the size of one room, a bed with a light bedspread, and two figures. He not only could see everything that was happening, but also felt on himself everything that Holmes did. There were no pentagrams, no runes, nothing that John associated with the ritual of summoning. He must have heard a few words in Latin, but even that may have just been a figment of his imagination.
“Sandal ash. Burning sandalwood grown near the Source leaves black ash. This ash is used as an ingredient in potions and tinctures. During mourning, they sprinkle their heads in memory of the deceased, who left this world by someone else's evil will.”
He decided not to clarify that there was still at least one other person who nevertheless, knew about his presence now in the territory of the Temple, and without whose help he would not even have been able to take a step beyond the guarded border. The gatekeeper listened favorably to his request and agreed to help by letting him inside, which was the key point of his plan, now practically implemented to the end.
But right now he was slowly falling somewhere, surrounded by darkness and inconceivable radiance intertwined in front of him in a bizarre pattern array. He hadn’t even realized at first, that the radiance came from himself. No matter how many times he had been told about this light, John never thought he would ever see it that close.
Hello, my dears)
“The gods have left us. All but one.”
The bell rang down below distracted him from discussing one of their latest cases, which he called to himself “The Case of Shadows Stealing Light” (1).
After sharing his opinion, the mage now looked confused and a little frightened. John was initially surprised to see him hesitantly entering the bedroom almost after them, but immediately conquered himself for his shortsightedness. As his new, albeit temporary, Inspector, Dimmock, of course, should have been involved in such matters.
“We had a break-in. There is nothing to take here, as you know, except for office equipment, but it's still unpleasant. Therefore, I want you to test and restore the wards and defenses. And we will assume that we owe nothing to each other.”
“Did you discover your gift in childhood?”
Sherlock threw an inquiring glance at his brother, and he read it right at once, causing involuntary irritation. But Mycroft only raised an eyebrow meaningfully, urging him to hurry John, however, Sherlock did not even have to do this.
Anthea took out the phone again, quickly flipped through the base of pentagrams, after which she drew several transfer runes in the air, and the most interesting thing began - the artifacts in the room sang loudly, starting to activate, the security ligature of the runes rang and trembled while the air around them began to slowly thicken. There was a breath of warmth in his face disturbing his hair, and John sighed in admiration beside him.
“How is he related to the late Mr. Wang Kun?”
“That is probably the delivery. They are really fast today.”
Streets sweeping by imperceptibly became wider and livelier, and the usual mixture of architectural styles was replaced by tall office buildings, whose glass sides reflected the fickle sky, changing the mood of entire neighborhoods depending on the weather. Everything here had a downside. Just as rare sun rays, falling into a mirror trap, could paint the entire avenue with bright flashes, so too, the heavy dark clouds reflected in numerous glasses, amplified their oppressive presence.
“You look but you don't see!” Sherlock angrily looked at the long faces after his statement, until he settled on John with mute desperation in his eyes.
“Yes Yes. These strange murders. We’ve had few past ritual sacrifices, so now there are new ones. Do you think this is another dragon? Or some other creature?”
At that moment, he very clearly realized that John would surprise him again and again, so, considering every word he said, Sherlock still said exactly what he thought. That he saw a blinding radiance in front of him where, according to all the laws of the universe, there should be darkness, that he saw a puzzle that he wanted to solve. And after months this desire has not changed, on the contrary, it has become more ardent and persistent.
“No, absolutely not. Fear nothing, I will simply become your guide. This way you can feel what it means to enter the Stream and remember this feeling. In the future, you can simply focus on these memories when meditating. Clear?”
Aaand)) that's the last chap of the 2 part))and a little bonus)) and illustration from me)))
John sucked in the moist air deeply and frowned. The smell seemed vaguely familiar to him, as if some kind of spice had been mixed in with the rotten foliage, and he seemed to have inhaled it somewhere quite recently, but couldn’t remember where exactly.
To cope with the awkwardness, he hurried to sit next to Sherlock, finally taking a part in the conversation. Making sure that neither of the brothers were in a hurry to explain anything to him, John decided to take the initiative into his own hands.
“No. These are the words of the Sage of this world.”
(1) The Artifact Exchange is a permanent operating market of pure competition, where transactions of purchases and sales of various artifacts are carried out according to certain rules. That is, an artifact is a lot. In this case, they could be whole (the entire artifact) or incomplete (parts of one artifact), respectively. For the convenience of trading with different countries, and, accordingly, different time zones, the exchange is divided into divisions (European, Asian, etc.).
John made a note to himself that he was right, and Holmes was home in the next room over, though he still couldn't feel his presence. This was surprising and a little alarming. Usually, in their territory, fortified and defended a few times so that no outside mage, barring those close to them, like Mrs. Hudson or Lestrade, could disturb them without activating a complex chain of spells and runes, they could always accurately determine the location of each other's position. But not now. And there was something wrong with that. He’d already had several assumptions on the dark mage’s always sudden appearance in front of him when he didn’t even feel his magic, and now he could just check one such idea.
Now, a short, almost chaste kiss, which he received as a reward after revealing the secret of an ancient artifact, which turned out to be a hairpin, Sherlock accepted with hidden joy and relief. Words of praise and admiration caressed the ear, once again reminding him of what he had been deprived of all this time until John appeared in his life.
John knew from experience that the possessed, regardless of the nature of the possession, could be effectively and quickly calmed down with a simple aversion spell. For as long as he could remember, this was an effective, albeit short-lived, measure. To his surprise, he did not receive the expected reaction; however, the "withdrawal" still had an effect. The strange guy rolled his eyes and shook, loosening his grip.
And he hadn't been on a date for so long that it was hard to believe that he was once called Three Continents Watson. And while there was a lot of exaggeration in his reputation, something was still true. He knew how to charm, it was only a matter of desire. Now John was at a loss as to whether he really wanted it or whether it was what he needed. He really didn’t know and couldn’t guess if he had to risk it and invite this witch on at least one date or not.
(3) Meditation for finding Balance comes down to three traditional stages, passing through which allows to “tune” the body to perceive the flow of magic. As you grow older and due to habit, the reference to the Balance occurs automatically, on a subconscious level. Since Balance is, in fact, the harmony of the human body and magic, and therefore the optimal and best form of interaction between them, this ideal interaction is fixed in the subconscious for life.
And Holmes really did know the way, and they were already expected. From behind a solid oak desk, a mage, whom John, of course, seeing for the first time, had stood up to greet them. When they appeared, the mage’s crimson aura rippled, lasting for some moments, but John had little time to consider these strange vibrations.
Instead of answering, Sherlock waved to the taxi driver, refusing his services, and silently stepped back into the stream of people, which involuntarily made John want to smile.
Now that the dark mage's attention was occupied with a new idea, John could catch his breath with relief. Convincing Holmes was suspiciously easy, but he wasn't about to look too closely at it. He just had to rejoice at such small gifts of fate.
“John, Sherlock, glad you took the time to come. Make yourselves comfortable.”
“Are you ready?”
As he stepped out of the subway, John breathed in relief in the evening London air, filled with the aromas of gasoline, damp asphalt and deep-fried dough from a nearby food stand. He had to walk a couple more blocks to Baker Street, but he decided to count this walk as part of his exercise that he promised himself to do in order to somehow restore his physical form that he had lost during his periods of illness, recovery, and during his return to a peaceful life.
His stomach gurgled insistently, reminding him that dinner time had long passed. Determined, John immediately resolved to correct this annoying omission, no matter what. He was far from the enthusiasm of a dark mage, who, being carried away by another case or experiment, would not eat for several days in a row, surviving on the expense of elixirs and potions, about which they had had their first and serious quarrel since they started living together.  Furthermore, sharing part of his energy led to his body demanding compensation rather loudly.
“The Black Lotus is the unofficial name of a religious sect that has recently appeared in the territory of magical Britain, which came to us from Asia. According to unofficial reports, this is one of the oldest and largest criminal syndicates in China, associated with the smuggling and illegal trade of rare artifacts,” Holmes' velvet baritone told him. John peered into such a familiar pale face with irregular proportions and was glad to see that the dark mage again resembled himself, and not a living corpse.
As if from afar he heard the applause and exclamations of satisfied spectators and could not shake off the premonition of impending disaster.
“Then we'll call a specialist,” Dimmock said again, which earned him even greater dissatisfaction from Holmes, who, standing stiffly, fixed a meaningful look at Lestrade. Where he was standing, John clearly heard the Inspector’s tired sigh.
“Sherlock!” Hailing Holmes, John did not know what he wanted more - to stop or wish him luck. He was not pleased with the prospect that he single-handedly decided to hunt for a half-demon, guilty of the death of two people.
The very simple way to explain the stages of meditation is: 1 stage - relaxation and purification of consciousness, 2 - attunement to the flows of magic, 3 - direct finding or tuning to Balance.
(1) Ranunculus is a genus of annual or perennial herbaceous plants of the Buttercup family. Aquatic or terrestrial herbs with acrid, sometimes poisonous sap.
“Well, for example, a demon or an ifrit. I met a couple once, I must say, it was such an unpleasant communication.”
Nevertheless, either his answer turned out to be appropriate, or perhaps it was not important at all, but the Master gestured to him to fold his palms, pouring black ash from the ritual bowl into them.
“I'm also glad that I chose you. I think working here will be perfect for me.”
Ayzaria
“So what did you want to talk to me about? And don't think Sherlock won't find out.”
“He should have done it from the start.”
“I think at twelve you can start reception already. Just a couple of hours to get into the regime. How do you like this plan?”
Deciding not to engage in controversy, John tried to regain his own hand, but it was not so easy to free the sleeve so cleverly captured. Suddenly, right before his eyes, familiar black leaflets shook until they scattered around them like mourning fans.
Distracted by hot breath, John did not immediately comprehend what the dark mage had just told him. As soon as he started thinking about the people who could be the parents of such children as Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes, the most unexpected images immediately began to pop up in his head.
“Have you already agreed on something? Ah, I see that not yet. John, hurry up, we have a new case.”
Even if not knowing the road, an uncomplicated black sign over the entrance to the most ordinary building among the many similar ones on this street would still orient him. Once on the floor in the dark foyer, he was greeted by a rather pretty witch, and after a series of questions, following the signs, he went into the lecture hall. He had been fortunate enough to be in for a newcomers meeting, due to start in about an hour, so he had plenty of time to both look around and take a seat in the back row.
“I see black flowers,” Now wherever he looked, he saw these strange blooms. They, like a cancerous tumor, spread throughout the valley, threatening to spread to the mountain ranges and stain their whiteness.
“Then let's not waste time and buy tickets.”
(1) Divine artifact - an item created by the mages of Antiquity  and possessing a unique and enormous magical power, comparable in its power to the Source. For example, the Orb of Vulnerability is a divine artifact that, when activated, makes it impossible to use magic at all or in part, depending on the strength and skills of a particular mage;
He had never before attempted, of his own initiative, to share power with someone, and though his idea was somewhat different from the traditional notion of Separation (1), he needed to be sure that he could succeed before giving the children false hope.
“Fourteen.”
“Sherlock, I understand you’re worried. If something suspicious happens, or something attracts my attention, I will most definitely tell you.” He pursed his lips, and tilted his head a little to one side. If Holmes truly managed to make a study of him, as he’d told him about it more than once during the time that they were partners and living together, then he should know perfectly well what this gesture meant.
“Do I have something on my face?” John grudgingly hid from the piercing gaze of impossible gray-blue eyes behind a cup of coffee. Holmes, practically without blinking, studied him the entire time John was busy devouring the food set in front of him by the efficient waitress. The business lunch promised by the bright sign turned out to be quite edible, even the brought coffee was not bad.
“Living your lives day after day, what do you crave? What are you looking for? Money? Love? Acceptance? Fame?” Besides the fact that the elderly witch was delivering a well-prepared speech, John could only distinguish a faint accent from her, which was fairly expressive. She didn’t give the impression of a person who lived on their foggy island.
Thanks for being with me whole this time, for support and comment - you greatly inspire me!) Hope you are not dissapointed with this part) and sorry again for such a slow posting shedule!
“Speak.” The order in Holmes’ voice was impossible to resist. John felt his knees buckle from the desire to kneel before the dark majestic figure and tell him his innermost secrets. Any secrets, anything, just to fulfill Sherlock’s order. “Speak!”
Only vaguely John knew what he could do to help his young companion. He could only rely on his childhood experiences. Even now, everything was different for him, and the necessary stages of meditation he practically could not feel - they merged for him into a single moment. It was enough just to reach for the luminous pulsating stream, and he knew for sure that he would not take more than he could use.
This time, for him, the guide of Onirs (1) was not an old woman, but a raven. He flew around him several times, rolling his eyes-beads, and only then John realized that he was soaring, catching the currents of air with large strong wings. He himself became a raven, a guide of dead souls and a messenger of the gods.
“Did you eat anything today?” John strongly suspected that no, he didn’t, but still considered it necessary to clarify, “Biscuits and elixirs don’t count.”
“Amazing,” he was able to praise Holmes as naturally as breathing. Because it was easy, he was brilliant and amazing. The most amazing mage he has ever met.
He hadn't hoped much to persuade Holmes, but he had already received one disciplinary hearing, and John wanted to avoid a second if possible. Moreover, for such avoidance, it was enough to show a little awareness. The dark mage leaned in closely, abandoning his usual manner of looming, and now their eyes were practically at the same level.
There was nothing he could object to such words.
(1) Reference to the side story - "You and Me"
“Our parents are both alive. I'll introduce you to them someday,” No doubt, only to be heard, and not for some other reason, as John tried to assure himself, Sherlock leaned very close to him and pressed his lips to his ear. “I'm sure Mycroft has already reported you to them. It’s even surprising that Mummy still hasn’t called.”
John was not sure if he had ever visited this part of London on purpose and not in passing, he hadn't had reason to. Currently, he couldn't  afford the services offered by the local mages and witches here or when he was younger. Now that he had incentive to, he couldn't say that he was glad of the prospect to walk the strict, boring streets of such a corporate London.
“Yes. Will this be a problem?” John sincerely did not yet understand what all these questions were about.
“I consent,” the dark mage only glanced in his direction while John watched this scene with curiosity. He had never had to be present for something like this, and, to be honest, he did not know how to react to what was happening or how to behave as one of the partners.
Finding one’s Balance was one of the fundamental skills that were taught in early childhood. More precisely, until recently, John naively believed so, growing up in a relatively prosperous average English family.
John greeted Lestrade warmly, but before they could even exchange a word, Holmes rushed them inside. He, of course, was impatient to get started.
“Because of this rune, you shouldn't feel anything,” Sherlock, no less cautiously than John himself, touched a small sign, but it would be better if he did not. Their small bathroom lit up with an impossibly bright glow, accompanied by a surge of magic, not John's this time, but Sherlock's. The darkness living in him eagerly reached out to this amazing source of power, wanting to appropriate and absorb. His world swayed, preparing to turn over, until Sherlock struggled to pull himself together.
Sherlock halted in front of him, looming in his usual manner; the pale face looked even more displeased than the face of the young Inspector.
“Sherlock has permission,” Lestrade explained to the bewildered Agents, who immediately nodded as if this fact was really something taken for granted.
“Yes, yes, a long-awaited promotion. You even decided to mark it, changing the previous secretary to a new one,” the latter bit didn't even sound like a question, but Mr. Wilkes didn't even notice.
Another corpse and another obscure message. Well, their investigation really promised to be unforgettable.
He had to hide in the shade of the most densely planted part of the garden and wait patiently for dinner time. Or, more precisely, when the mentor finally deigned  to let the children go for a long-awaited break.
Crystals usually weren’t supposed to react like that to the magic passing through people, or he clearly lacked knowledge, because this amazing floor didn’t react to either Holmes in any way, only to him; he definitely saw that. John wandered around in circles a little more, involuntarily repeating the simple inlay pattern and listening to his inner feelings. If asked to describe what he was experiencing, the only close comparison he could give was that of bathing in sunlight.
“What happened?” He looked around attentively, but didn’t notice any suspicious experiments or echoes from dubious spells, meaning it was Holmes, himself. Even the skull on the mantel was silent, though as soon as John crossed the threshold, he blazed cheerfully with blue light, attracting attention.
Once this phrase became decisive for John to confide in a then unknown dark mage. Now he was ready to follow Holmes anywhere, without any hesitation, and not at all because of despair; now it was an absolutely deliberate choice for him.
After inviting the girl to cross the threshold of their house, John removed the security charm. Several times he already had the idea of installing the same charm on the front door from the street. Although that would have added to the inconvenience of Mrs. Hudson, and he did not want to burden their landlord any more.
For such an early and cold morning, the suburban station suddenly became quite busy. Here and there a child's laughter or a shout were heard, immediately replaced by a brief echoing calm. John habitually joined the motley crowd of people, looking for familiar faces and calling children to him.
They did not talk about anything; they just walked alongside, and, as he strongly hoped, enjoyed each other's company. John didn’t know what Sherlock was thinking about, but it was unlikely that if something didn’t suit him, he would be silent. Personally, everything in this situation suited him. Although there were so many things that he would like to ask the dark mage. How did he meet Molly Hooper? How did Lestrade become his Inspector? Why did he have such a strained relationship with his brother? Had he ever been in love with someone? What was his very first case? Why exactly a consulting dark mage? There was a lot more that he wanted to know about Sherlock Holmes, but he did not dare to ask. Perhaps later, when they’ve worked and lived together for more than a couple of months.
“Sure, of course.”
“The rune that activates the last and final stage of the ritual is on the right. He would have to show a truly acrobatic skill so that, without changing position, he could reach it with his left hand. Of course, that’s if he had done everything himself and not with someone's help.”
“Hmmm… Interesting.”
The fabric under his fingers was annoying and too soft. Much more willingly he would have preferred that there were as fewer obstacles as possible between him and John, who was practically sitting on his lap. Such obstacles included this orange blanket, or their clothes, or the silent driver who tried to look only at the road. Or the streets of evening London sweeping past them were houses, intersections, some signs and the rare passer-by.
“What?” Sherlock stared at him with the unblinking gaze of his impossible eyes, pinning him into place. The chilling tone of the other was rather ominous; his straightforward plan might have worked, although John was truly ashamed that he was distracted, knowing how important any investigation was to Sherlock.
He had to say goodbye hurriedly, and dial Dimmock on the run, who, as expected, wasn’t particularly happy by his call. It looks like he should start looking for a better candidate for the position of his Inspector. John involuntarily thought of Mycroft, and just as involuntarily winced. He didn’t want to turn to the Necromancer, besides, even without the Gift, he could already foresee Sherlock’s epic displeasure; so it was worth saving this option until his relationship with Dimmock completely went wrong, or Sherlock once again pissed him off with his experiments. Ahh, temptations, temptations.
John turned around in surprise and drew his head back to make it easier to look into Sherlock’s eyes. Holmes did not praise him often, which was why the rare compliments from him were so valuable.
If you replace the phylactery with a living strong mage with suitable magic, then the effect of the Ritual is intensified several times, since there is immediately a human sacrifice, and a conditionally living vessel for the soul, and a source of light magic in the literal sense. The process has never been documented, and the consequences of the Ritual for both mages in the process are unknown.
“John, late last night a courier delivered an envelope for you and Sherlock, but I didn't bother you. If it was something urgent, there would have been a special note. Although, judging by the return address, this may turn out to be something important. Usually Sherlock throws away all the letters from MinMag (1), but your name is also there.”
“Sherlock, where...”
“It's from my partner. An important call.”
A small table set for tea rolled into the suddenly opened door. The witch, who called herself Anthea the last time they met, calmly pushed in front of her their lunch if judging by the time and the appetizers presented. The legs on the high stiletto heels clicked rhythmically, but not one crystal came to life. Bursting with curiosity, but not daring to ask anything, as John did not want to present himself as an uneducated redneck, even more so in the presence of a beautiful woman. Therefore he only had to admire her rounded shape, accentuated successfully by a narrow skirt and fitted jacket.
“The second stage (3) doesn’t work for me at all ...”
“Yes, yes, I really can't wait to make a fool of myself. Again.”
“Sherlock, I haven't eaten anything since this morning,” John explained patiently. “And now I'm starving. If you want me to be of any use, then we'd better have a bite to eat somewhere.”
It wasn’t surprising he had a complex, difficult character - living, while seeing constantly, analyzing every little thing and drawing conclusions, was rather tiring. Besides, knowing everything at once and in advance was also quite boring. As soon as one realized and accepted this simple fact, both Holmes’ behavior and his attitude towards people and to life immediately became clear. In his fight against the incessant boredom, the dark mage grabbed every and any opportunity to distract himself and occupy his active mind.
Mine. He is mine.
“It’s not getting easier…. Wait,” John hesitantly stepped his feet dressed in warm socks on the cold light tiles of their bathroom, “If you need Mycroft's intervention ...”
“I know.” There was no point in denying it, besides, John felt that he was about to learn something very important. Carried away by the conversation, he and Su Lin moved very close to each other, so that their heads almost touched.
“You are not required to do this.”
Unbeknownst to him, they found themselves in a spacious room with many partitions and tables. Now they were accompanied by the greedy, curious glances of the Exchange's rank-and-file employees and their dull whispers occasionally disturbed by telephone calls.
John sucked in a gasp, a sudden idea coming to mind. He now knew exactly what to do and how to help the little disciples in the Temple. The solution, obvious in its simplicity, hadn’t come to his mind on its own, because he had never even tried to share his magic with anyone else. But he wouldn’t be engaging in healing, so he could even succeed, or rather, he should definitely try and see what would come of his venture.
Looking at the golden flashes in the other's hazel eyes, John already guessed what Artifactist Su Lin Yao was going to ask him. There was only one thing left to clarify.
Now, having taken the last needed papers from the former curator and having found the necessary house in the complex interweaving of streets, John introduced himself with slight anticipation to a cute girl at the reception and sat down in a small cozy room while he waited to be escorted to the desired office.
“Why so long?” Sherlock’s discontent came through not only in a cool tone, but in every gesture. He was quite taken aback by such a greeting.
Looking closer, John raised his eyebrows in surprise. Anyone would be surprised by the dissonance between appearance and Class, he was no exception. Though he had worked with Holmes for little less than a couple of months and managed to see and learn quite a bit. The witch, huddling against the wall and blushing with embarrassment, was undoubtedly a Necromancer. Nowadays, he couldn’t confuse their auras with anyone and it wasn’t even because of Mycroft Holmes or his sad past experiences.
Thanks to the Internet, he was able to quickly find several suitable job openings for himself, therefore, without wasting any time, he sent everyone his resume. Even in his humble opinion, it turned out to be quite impressive, and now he could only hope that his rich track record did not scare away potential employers.
“I can be in on this Thursday.”
“It seems so,” looking in bewilderment at the nervous young mage sitting in front of him, John tried to understand how he wanted to move up the ladder, when he was so afraid to be a little more flexible, to think beyond the framework set by public opinion and to see further stereotypes imposed by the same society.
)))) Again a lot of thank goes to her for doing great job with editing my translation, and let me tell you what a task it is in itself!
John, as with the case of Inspector Dimmock, immediately became alert. It didn't seem like Miss Sawyer knew anything about Sherlock Holmes though. He had a reputation in certain circles, but he strongly doubted that average Healers would know that much, if they’ve even heard of Sherlock.
A cold dinner was waiting for him at Baker Street thanks to Mrs. Hudson, Holmes was also present. He was strangely quiet, not unusual in general, so John did not worry once again, but simply warmed up the plate left to him by the elderly witch and sat down tiredly at the table. He could think of Sherlock's behavior on a full stomach; he had spent so much energy helping the children, now he needed to restore it as soon as possible. Who knew how the evening with Holmes could end, and he was better off being prepared for any surprises.
“Mr. Watson,” the young Inspector nervously leafed through his personal file, now and then hesitantly straightening his tie. For some reason, he decided not to use his Class in circulation, which immediately alerted John a little. “Your partner is the dark mage Sherlock Holmes, is that correct?”
“John, I won’t hide, you have an impressive resume. And though we desperately need specialists like you, I believe that your talent is simply too exemplary for us.”
“Yes and no... I can look there, but I don't always know what is true and what is a figment of my imagination... I am just an ordinary Seer.”
Their faces were so close that it would have been enough for him to just stretch a little forward to touch those full lips. He almost mustered up the courage to take the plunge when Holmes stopped abruptly and let him go, puzzling him and even coming off as slightly offensive.
“Molly, let's get started.”
Therefore, the appearance of Inspector Lestrade in his life was more than ever welcome. He, in turn, wishing to take a break from work and colleagues, also regularly called on him for a pint out. This gave them a great reason to complain to each other about one obnoxious dark mage and not be overheard. Though, as John strongly suspected, Sherlock knew without being there that they were discussing him.
At his touch, the runes sang harmoniously, and a faint pulsation ran through the delicate weave to return to him with a tangible tingling sensation throughout his body.
John swallowed; he really had nothing to argue. He thought he had been pretending well, but the street kids were always much smarter and more attentive than the simpler other children their age. And if guys like Patrick were part of the Holmes Homeless Army, about which he had only a faint idea until recently, then it was understandable why Sherlock, though sparingly, always praised his little informants. Even in spite of the local ancient and mysterious artifact, he found his Balance amazingly quickly - a few days of meditation and a couple of exercises were enough. And now he no longer risked harming himself or those around him by letting a glowing stream of magic flow through him.
(1) "Pillow" technique - as the name suggests, a lucid dreaming technique based on different shapes, sizes and number of sleep pillows, with which you can learn to control sleep phases, the degree of sleep immersion, and more.
Now he never missed the opportunity to see more, although he still had too little practice to draw the right conclusions. But even what he had learned from Holmes, told him that his would-be Inspector was a neat, cautious and rather vain mage with average abilities and great ambitions.
It was strange to see his nails painted black. And he had long been accustomed to this kind of look of Sherlock’s hands, but his own caused a strange reaction in him - a grin and a desire to erase it all as soon as possible. Under a thin layer of black varnish on the ring finger of his left hand the rune of search was now hidden. They decided to play it safe, and John was forced to show off an unusual manicure, but so they had at least some guarantee that no matter what happened to him, Sherlock could always find him. What to say, the incident with the dragon taught them a lot.
John perfectly remembered his training in childhood and the first lessons, and the first independent steps in knowing his capabilities. These were bright memories that had nothing to do with the current depressing atmosphere of despondency and fear.
Finally new chap))) sorry for delay!
Now, while Sherlock was immersed in thought, he had time to do his daily business. Prepared to wait patiently, John went to his favorite dreaming forum. Over the past few nights, strange, disturbing dreams began to trouble him, the content of which he could only vaguely recall upon awakening. This puzzled him in earnest. Having mastered several simple techniques of lucid dreaming and diligently keeping a dream diary, he even got used to some extent, to remember and then write down everything he saw in a dream. Now, after awakening, he had only a few vague images and a restless premonition somewhere in the solar plexus. Perhaps, in the near future, he should use the leaflet with the advertisement for the courses he found between the pages of a textbook bought at a sale. And to also go look at the courses themselves, and the Temple where they were held. He had specially checked and wrote out the address in advance so he could go there on occasion.
John watched London from the cab window. The city was dazzling with its assorted houses, fencing and signs. In the interweave of streets, there were sometimes green islets of alleys, and occasionally one could see gardens laid out right behind the hedges, and nothing was more pleasing to the eye than the glimpse of greenery amongst the gray concrete or red brickwork.
“What is this artifact?”
and I ahave really great news -
John ran a hand through his hair in frustration  and sighed. He didn’t know how to explain to a sincerely perplexed dark mage that he was upset by such a trifle as unjustified expectations. It was stupid, and he was perfectly well aware many times over and in detail, how Holmes did not tolerate other people's stupidity.
John felt no rot or decay, although this Necromancer clearly constantly worked with the undead while on duty. Once again, he could see what unusual people surrounded the dark mage, and he too, was now in this circle, which only flattered. But it seemed that if his intuition didn’t let him down in such matters, what was happening now in this room had nothing to do with Classes or magic at all. Well, only if it wasn’t about the magic of love. John could hardly restrain himself from giggling foolishly, immediately earning a suspicious look from Sherlock, who, as usual, stood out in this pale kingdom as a big dark blotch.
He seemed to indeed be the last visitor. It was surprising that he wasn’t asked to leave the Library earlier; he didn’t remember if he was assigned any special status for visits. Although, with the Holmes, one could expect anything - even a limited visit to the forbidden sections.
“Who is that with you?” John was rewarded with the greedy look of black shiny eyes.
Again soory for waitng) amd well)) this chap was not full beted as I decided not to wait any longer and post it. We are really nera the very end)))
“Sherlock?”
The gazes sliding down his neck and arms were like tangible touches. He, of course, immediately felt them, but pretended he suddenly became terribly interested in the portrait of some elderly man who so successfully appeared right in front of him on the wall. It didn’t help much; John could still feel two pairs of unblinking eyes watching him with interest.
Moriarty from  becoming an interesting riddle abruptly moved into the category of “enemies” and “ to get rid of”, which Sherlock was going to do in the near future. Because of this dark mage, whose identity he had yet to find out, his John had already been kidnapped from him twice, which was absolutely unacceptable. As well as the fact that now he could not kiss him. Sherlock winced in annoyance - Mrs. Hudson, and John himself, would definitely not appreciate it if another surge of John's unstable magic would irrevocably destroy something.
“Devil! Mycroft!”
“Our mutual friend has nothing to do with this,” John pointedly raised his eyebrows, trying to defuse the seriousness of the conversation.
The call distracted John from eating his breakfast, turning his head towards the door, he waited with anticipation for the appearance of the elderly witch. Though she never tired of reminding them that she was not their housekeeper, she was still constantly indulging them in homemade food and pastries. Now, John involuntarily sniffed, wondering what she could be bringing this time.
“I'm not expecting anything else,” John looked away and stretched out his arms in front of him to wiggle his fingers.
“We will not be able to free ourselves as long as we are bound by our humanity, and until we get rid of these shackles, we will not be able to break free.”
“Are we
where your husband told you he was leaving you for his young secretary, so I wouldn’t be
for all this?” Sherlock demanded.
. Directed energy can effect a change in the environment, and I had directed all my anger at that glass. I looked down at my hand in wonder and a slow grin came over my face.
“Impossible,” the lump growled before the eye retreated again. “I will
, or that they
are are the one who protects me with your love and support.”
Silvery eyes widened in surprise as the impact of John’s words sank in. “Je parle français? Maintenant? Comment?”
“He said that he could ‘beat the gay out of me’, but he also took advantage of me, just like he had with my sister.
, after that. Mentally with me, physically with
as he dissipated.
Sweat was dripping from Whitey’s face. “You can’t do that. Bobbies’ll hear you. They’ll come runnin’”
The officer continued to stare. “Uh, yeah. Okay. Thanks.” He turned back to John and asked, “Are you staying here? We may need more information…”
It had been a fortnight since Sherlock had been discharged from hospital. There had been no need for physical therapy or medical follow-up save for that pesky language problem.
“Why do you say that, Rosie?” he inquired, cautiously.
John smiled and agreed. “Okay, then, shall we off to bed? Rosie?”
your fault. You did everything right, but sometimes bad things happen, even to the best of people.
“’Trumpet’?” Lestrade repeated. “What kind of a clue is that?”
John was gobsmacked. “Who...who the hell was that? She’s gorgeous! How...how does she know me?
John’s eyes were open as he gazed down at beautiful Sherlock’s face. It was
John started slightly before realizing who had spoken. Then, he looked closely to see a set of shadowed silver eyes staring at him from the pillow.
Lunch was missed in its entirety.
Her gaze was unwavering. “Mycroft Holmes has been very kind to me. I...
“You don’t know the half of it,” he finally responded, after a hasty gulp. “But, it’s ‘for better or for worse’, and we’ve seen ‘em both.”
“A source has informed me that your practice is dwindling but you haven’t seen fit to tell me. You take long walks and, knowing you, longer lunches to pass the time,” Sherlock explained, without heat.
Until it surged again into life. His breathing quickened, his heart pounded fiercely in defiance.
Without even opening his eyes, Sherlock mumbled, “Yep, no problem, g’day, L’strade” before thumbing off his phone.
Well, there had been. Just as he and Mary were about to embark upon a new life together, guess who shows up in a ridiculous disguise, acting as if nothing had happened. Sherlock Holmes, the most clueless detective in England. But, this time, he hadn’t thrown Mary aside. No, this time would be different; this time, it was Sherlock who took a back seat to his girlfriend.
because you’re protecting
daddy might like boys...”
I must have stiffened in outrage because Uncle Rudy stated, “In a good way, lad. We’re all rather proud of you here. You’ve made
Mycroft smiled his usual supercilious smile. “Oh, I have
One wooly eyebrow arched in combined query and insolence. “Why, John? Were you planning on
“EXCUSE ME,” the Security Guard cut in, politely but firmly, “We have everything on video. I am going to have to report this to management and they may want you to leave the park immediately…”
been before, resting its head on John’s belly. With one hand, he reached down and, cupping it, began to stroke himself off.
His face registered skeptical surprise. “If that’s the case, then why were you involved in a shooting down at the pool earlier today?”
“I think I can live with that. Whatever’s best for
John, on the other hand, was, as per his usual habit, awake and already showered and half-dressed. He wandered over to pick up the smallish envelope that had been discretely slid under the door, addressed to both of them.
John self-consciously muttered, “Uh, excuse me,” as he backed quickly out of the door and slammed it shut in his own face. He just...
“You were leaving?” John asks, pointing to his coat.
“You always read such driv -” He straightened himself, “That’s not the point!”
“He’s in a cab right now, on his way to the restaurant.”
Taking a doughnut from the snacks table, he shrugs his shoulder, “Sure, it’s a sad story, but he is still a freak,” before leaving to get back to his lab.
Breaking and entering.
“Yes, that’s it! You need to bring it to me!”
"Let me know how it goes." Looking at her notes, she asks, "have you ever considered writing a blog?
Pushing a pile of cold cases in his direction, he says sadly, "to help alleviate the boredom."
As his phone remains silent, he sends one more message. Incompetent!
"Why do you ask then?" He asks, really clueless about why someone would care, "If you don't want me out of your hair."
"Just need to send a thank you note...", a second later the phone is forgotten due to John playing with his hair.
I've got something that I want you to read!!!!
Time passes, minutes, hours... Sherlock mind was strangely vacant.
Another date... only two days since they met in the pub, it’s starting to look like a habit!
Censoring himself, he doesn’t finish his thought. Curiously, even if he doesn’t have a clue of what was happening, he wasn’t actually that worried.  Unclear as to what the other man doing here, but instinctively trusting that they were both on the 'good' side.
“Great. It’s going to give me personal time where you won’t be able to spoil the end of my novel or finish the crosswords for me.”
Checking the kitchen door to be certain that Sherlock wasn't within earshot, he murmurs roughly, "you weren't at the stag night... he talked about Sherlock the entire time! His eyes... My', it was so fucking sad."
. Without his consent, his hand rummages through the nightstand drawer to get his phone.
The detective was about to reply that he shouldn't talk about himself like that, being a doctor and an ex-captain was something to be proud of!, when he closes his phone.
“This is the only option, and as someone told me years ago, that once you eliminate the impossible -”
. Then he saw a grinning Molly and everything falls into place.
Yes it was! JWa
"Thanks, love." With her other hand, she clicks on her email account to open the email she received from LondonSleuth.
Forcing his eyes to go a bit further on the page, he read over December 25 and 26.
Is it a date if running is involved?
"Oh, your page was open on a colleague's computer." He tried to remember what Molly told him. "Ah! Yes, in fact, she wanted to ask your opinion about some gun shot wounds or something. She's a pathologist."
"No, certainly not! Especially when he didn't really love the woman if yo want my opinion." He let go a small humpf, "just a rebound, when the loneliness is unbearable... hard to find something else when you've lost the real thing."
he sighed silently,
“Are you all right? Better wait for tomorrow for a shower... Don’t want you to fall asleep in the bath!”
Sherlock lifts his hand to stop John. He had known about John’s military record but having the man in front of you was something else He clears his throat and murmurs. “It’s not a burden. I am honoured that you opened up to me, a stranger, like that.” Considering what was okay to tell John without exposing his cover and put the doctor in danger, a faint smile appears on his beautiful luscious lips. “I have my own scars, you know, even if they are not as visible. My... my years in high school haven’t been as idyllic as yours.”
“I don’t know who you think I am, but it’s not my type to
He shivers of disgust at the images of young users, crying for the pain to stop and for the bliss to come back.
“Yeah, I know. But seriously mate, do you have any ladies on your mind? Or gents, I don’t mind.”
"I'm interested in anything that can help you think about something else..." His tone became softer as he sits closer. "You are so brave, you know... I can only imagine the pain you are in right now or the memories that plague your nights. I can't take them away from you and it's killing me. But I can try to do everything that I can to help you manage the weeks to come and, if you want, I... I know someone who can help you to deal with the --"
“How banal, this is really your first question?” The deception is clearly audible in the lightly Irish accented voice. Shaking his head, the man caresses the leather seat, “you don’t want to know about the drugs?”
December 12th: Pointless. / Nothing ever happens to me.
“I am egotistical, I don't like the idea of sharing you with… two other continents!-”
December 24
“He’s brilliant, funny, does not act like a teenager like many young adults nowadays, you know what I mean?” He smiles, thinking about the discussion in his class about forensic, “and when he likes something, his eyes sparkle! He’s vivacious, bright... I could listen to him for hours.”
“Oh no... It’s so sad. I don’t understand you are so sweet and nice and cute, you should have dozens of men after you!”
"But?"
“Don’t need one,” his breath was labored, the pain of his possibly broken ribs kicking in as he moves to the chair, “I’m okay.”
”Are you alright mate?“ Alan asks Sherlock, muttering as the auditorium is filling up, “you weren’t there yesterday afternoon and I didn't saw you this morning, Lucy said you texted that you weren’t available but…”
OMG Two students from Kings are fighting! Come on don’t mess his pretty face! #KingsCollege
Turning to Gregory, to excuse himself before leaving, he finds that the detective is looking at him with a bright smile, full of not so subtle emotions.
Hey Sleepless,
7 hours later...
harmed severely one of my... students?”
"If anyone here knows of any lawful impediment to this marriage, they should declare it now." After waiting a few seconds, the officiant continues with a smile. "Before you are joined in matrimony, I have to remind you both of the solemn and binding character of the vows you are about to make. Marriage, in this country means the union of two people, voluntarily entered into for life, to the exclusion of all others. I shall now ask both of you, in turn, to declare that you do not know of any lawful reason as to why you should not be married to each other." Turning towards Mary, he asks, "do you know of any lawful impediment why you, Mary Elizabeth Morstan may not be joined in matrimony to John Hamish Watson?"
"That John, my brother and DI Lestrade are just behind you." He smiles mockingly. "I think I still know John Watson enough to know that even though he's a man of his word, you won't stay married to him for long now." In his mind it was a blatant lie! John choose her after all... But he couldn't resist to the little jab.
okay... but
In the last days, their flat add been raided by secret services thoroughly before he was allowed to go back to take his things - he didn't want to stay at the place anymore - and he went through many hours of questioning, psychological evaluations and signed an overwhelming amount of forms. Greg, still a good friend and privy to most of the story, stayed with him all that time but remained silent every time John asked questions about Sherlock's condition.
Without a word, Sherlock slides into the car and crosses his arms. “Everything is fine, I have nothing to say.”
"For real!"
“I don’t understand.”
“Yes,” satisfied that William’s attention was now completely back on him, John waits a few seconds before he continues, “we... talked.”
As the car halts inside the old building, Anthea (John was calling her The Bond Girl in his head) opens the door.
As the beautiful man turns on his heel, John protests. "What?? Is that it?" Stepping directly behind Sherlock, he places a hand on his shoulder. "Look at me! You are not pushing me away like that!" They were now only inches away.
Dear Sleepless. I just want to say that I have been touched by the apparent similarity of our profiles. We are both scientists of some sort, my life is quite exciting sometimes and you look like someone who is in dire need of excitement. In fact, I really don't understand what you are doing in that village, as I personally can't imagine my life out of London. We both have utterly disgusting meddling siblings. We should talk if only to stop them and protecting ourselves. I may not be perfect, far from it some may say, but I think that I am a great person and that, with the right man at my side, I could aspire to become a good human being.
After that exchange, nothing new for two days except a reply to his own comment. Not able to stop himself any longer, he finally clicks on the discussion below the December 24th comment to read what John Watson wrote.
Not listening to Sherlock’s protestations, the doctor smiled knowingly. “You know, I think I found what it is.” Using his unarmed hand, he softy played with the luscious curls absently, murmuring as if he was talking to himself, “all your schemes to look unsuitable, the hundred texts, the jealous looks directed at my boss, the boorish attitude over the last days, leaving me all alone in that cemetery...” After a pause, John kissed the vampire delicately, “I didn’t say thank you for saving my life. Thank you.” He kissed him again and whispered, “thank you.”
“John, please note that
“Who said anything about love?” The doctor jumps out of his chair, panicking.
The heat was nearly unbearable near the blaze, the old bus completely destroyed by the fire. Slowly, in a nearly catatonic state, John turned to look at the people trapped inside. Screaming and crying old men, women, children
*Epilogue*
“What do you want, Mycroft?”
Checking his phone which is vibrating in his pocket, Mycroft sighs lightly. Greg is about to protest that they weren't THAT incompetent, when the government man turns away to speak into the phone “What do you mean, a brawl? With whom?” His voice turns deadly suddenly, “that little shit! And the ring leader was there? Do you have any identification?” He pauses a little, listening to Anthea’s report, “I see... No, don’t intervene until he’s in real danger... I don’t want him to be mad at me for interfering. Thank you, Anthea, call me as soon as something happens.”
Knowing perfectly that the odds were mostly null, a small flicker of hope and fear was hidden under his composed manner.
His computer nearly freezes as the emails keep going in.
"Yes! The one with that doctor, ex-soldier!" As Molly remains silent, he continues. "Him! Watson! The short but strong blond man! Kind of cute." The last words were barely formed.
“I presume that you want news about your... friend?” Mycroft says, with mirth in his voice, stopping Sherlock’s wool-gathering.
“This is not over, Moran! What’s the name of your boss!” Sherlock shouts as the man places a gag over his mouth before he exits the room.
Sitting comfortably in Molly's office, Greg first scans rapidly the web page. "189 messages in his inbox! How could it be possible, have you been honest about him?" He laughs, thinking about Sherlock reaction if he knew!
"He's your friend, you are the reason we are invited." He knew that their relationship had recovered a bit, now that John was over the somewhat cold reception Mary had received at their wedding but Mycroft wasn't a fool.
“This is ridiculous!” John protested.
Muttering something about how blond, brown, red or black hair clearly all looks different from each other on a black and white photograph,
A little smile on their lips, Anthea and Mycroft exchange a glance as they both read the transcript of the discussion on their respective phones.
Sad, I know :-( And not what you could have expected from a day with Juan! But do not worry, a dinner with a talkative drug lord, too much tequila and Little Mule are coming next!
"Are you fucking kidding me! Why is anything part of this MY fault!"
He isn’t that worried, knowing that Mycroft is never far –
“Of course, and we are right in time for a demonstration of an operation in the theatre...” with a wink he added, “too bad it isn’t with a real patient!”
Showing his phone to Sherlock, Mycroft remains silent.
“Is this too obvious and easy?” The vampire looked at himself in the mirror over the mantle, unsure of his choice of costume. He knew that John was watching him carefully but didn’t dare to turn, a bit afraid that he would make fun of him.
I can't abide being bored, it drives me crazy. SH
to this special day for John and Mary
An evening in 221b part 2 (aka “I am in love x 2”)
After one last look, Mycroft turns and runs to the small plane for the one-hour flight to Serbia, as Greg - still in his best suit and ready to play his part - rushes to the car.
BTW, my name is John, Dr John Watson.
Portsmouth? Why... Do you have a case or do you want to visit the historical ships? You always wanted to be a pirate after all. MH
A fresh coffee in hand, John walks out of the uninspired cafeteria to go back to the floor where William was.
Sipping his whisky, he sighed.
“Don’t fuss,” the detective mutters waving a hand in dismissal before replying to Lestrade who is asking for more details, “it’s just transport.”
Getting up, he cracked his neck, thinking for the umpteenth time that he wasn’t a young man anymore.
Surveying the shorter man’s appearance, he grabbed everything he could. The short hair, the nearly invisible limp, he was well-built, lean but quietly powerful, the ordinary outfit composed of corduroy trousers, a cotton button-down shirt and a wool sweater.
December 24
Curiously, John didn't mind this wink. Not at all.
John wrinkles his nose, “you smoke? That’s not good for you, you know. I’m a boring doctor, I know, but –“
Entering Molly's small office, Stamford grins at the others' cheerfulness. "What's going on? Why are you both so happy?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"What is it? I understand a great deal you know, even if I'm old..." She laughs, shaking her head with a hint of nostalgia in her eyes. "The things I've seen..."
John was still trying to strangle Sherlock (more for the dramatic effect than for real, thank God!) when Greg, Mycroft, Stamford, and Molly arrive near them. Holmes quickly kneels near his brother, raising a hand to stop John while Greg - showing his badge - asks everyone to get out of the church and go directly to the party venue. "Let them be, nothing to see..."
"I don't know why you wanted to come here," John complains as the number of party goers rises exponentially as they walk down Westminster Bridge.
Understand? Now, get in the car.
Remembering the way William walked close to him, until they nearly touch, when they were in the lab. The way his hand gently covered his mouth, John nods. “So, you talked to him quite often?”
, he forces himself to stay calm by reciting the periodical table.
Molly & Greg
"Yes, to both..." Mycroft replies, exhausted by the night's events. "Did no one come last night? Everything is alright?"
And Victor!
need to go to sleep..." He abandoned John in the bathroom and poured a tall glass of water with two Paracetamol while thinking about the soft look his friend has when he's drunk.
Being an outcast, the constant pressure of being a brilliant student added to the weight of his own particular skill set, his bravado hiding his fragility. All this culminating into the worst year of his life. Using his lab to recreate drugs for his personal use, to be sure of the quality of what he was using, until being high wasn’t enough to dull his mind. Until he went too far. Shivering at the memory of his time in detox, he turns his reflection once more toward Holt’s little prodigy.
"Of course..."
"Why?"
Trying another strategy, Sherlock murmured with a hint of awes, “I know who you are, you are the man who orchestrated the killings.” He paused, looking at Moriarty, “you know if it’s true you are really the top of the criminal class. The best I’ve seen in decades.” He mustered an admiring tone, trying to catch the attention of the criminal. “You are so young and so successful.” He knew it wasn’t that great of a crime, but he thought flattery couldn’t hurt under the circumstances.
“It was nothing serious, I don’t need babysitting!” Even as if his demeanor was saying everything except ‘nothing’!
Fine at it's finest.
A conversation with a killer.
Feeling a bit claustrophobic, John, after his bed is set up in the sitting room, tells his sister-in-law of his intention to go for a walk.
Highgate is a wonderful (!) cemetery of you have the chance to be in London.
Focussing solely on the little table, certainly waiting for that third man!, he never saw a familiar figure entering the pub.
“Me?” The detective murmurs, distracted by opening his laptop he didn’t catch the question.
Sitting up suddenly, the man shouts, "I DON'T KNOW!"
“What? I can send it by FedEx, it will be quicker and –“
More assertive now that he knows whom he’s dealing with, he asks “you have a better idea?”
"Oh, don't be sorry... " Laughing with relief that a logical explanation existed for the fact that this extraordinary looking man kept showing up in his ordinary life, even if his own soul was slowly falling into the realm of the mystical, he nods. "Of course. Harry."
“Shut up! I don’t fucking care and – ”, the noise of a door opening stopped what was certainly going to be a harsh talk down as another man enters the room. “WHAT!”
He knew that the idea of a relationship being 'comfortable' wasn't a peak of romanticism, but currently, it was good enough.
At six, Sherlock was already at Baker Street, trying to put everything in its place to calm his nerves.  As his lease on Montague Street was coming to an end, he decided to move in any way even if he doesn't find a flat mate.
"I never said that you were..." placing a comforting hand on his now shaking brother, Mycroft continues, "but you aren't a high-functioning-sociopath either. Please think about it. She's a brilliant woman who is working with MI5 and MI6 agents, she's going to be able to... understand... what you want or need to tell her."
Yes, don’t worry. I will handle him. Mycroft is going to bring him back probably. MH
Losing interest in the outside world, it was impossible to know where they were going anyway, Sherlock turns his focus back to the case. After a second viewing of Smith’s files after Holt meltdown, the solution became clear suddenly,! It wasn’t Holt, but his TA... it was Appleton. The text he had sent to Lestrade right before he left asked for a thorough review of the young man finances and his links with McAllister.
Sherlock was in the kitchen, drinking tea while looking at the back garden. His mind was quiet, for the first time since the ordeal at the church... The light background noise of Mycroft's housekeeper - who was doing her weekly thorough clean-up, agreeably reminds him of home.
Chemistry, pub and discussion with an old friend.
The sun getting in through the opened blind helps him a bit, but he is still groggy.
"Thanks, dear. Now go do something... feminine and fluffy." Laughing, the woman rushes to the door after one last greeting to her boss and Greg. Mycroft was on the verge of taking the first sip of his coffee when his husband swears. "Gregory? What is it?"
to the church episode.  "Anyway, now that I know that it's raining, I don't think I can't get any wetter."
With a small voice, he explained, “he... he was harmed, nothing serious but blood was dripping. I became furious, my force decoupled... I killed a few men. It was quick, but all the time my body was singing ‘blood, John’s blood, mine! Mine!” He shook his head, unable to understand what happened. “I nearly licked his blood in the sand, I had to get away from him... I was so afraid of my reaction.”
Turning sharply to look at his brother, Sherlock replies coldly. "I am not mad!"
The poor man, still hungover, summersaults.
Mycroft was sitting in the plane, watching an unconscious Sherlock, tears in his eyes.
The teacher who found that student, Max Smith, 3 years ago is Professor Holt. GL
“No problem, no problem, you are on a ‘case’, right? Still the same, hey?” He winked (
Mike sighs silently,
“On the contrary, it’s wonderful." He slowly started to lick and kiss the visible skin,  "I can only think that it makes me... somewhat... special.”
Jumping out of his chair, Sherlock was putting his coat on when a warm voice stops him.
“You’re impossible!” Holmes chuckles, unable to be angry when the young woman was so hopeful for his brother, “oh, dear, look! He’s going back down the hill, he’s running towards London.”
"Of course, love, from the start, now and always."
He realized, in the last months, that it wasn't as tranquil as before now that it was Greg's home as well if he was honest.  I
Next: A little break from romcom adaptation as I'm going for a second part to my vamp!lock story (#7 How to lose a guy in 10 days: Vamp!Lock AU) Stay tuned!
“I, I don’t have, I... I am not suffering from PTSD.” John stutters, hating that he was in awe of Gallagher’s analysis even if he is angry at the intrusion into his personal life.
December 13rd: Drinks / Went out for a pint with some people from work. It was nice to be surrounded by people until it wasn't. Nobody talked about my leg.
All personnel complied, immediately and with obvious fear, except for one officer, who was obviously wool-gathering. Mycroft’s attention fell upon him and he raised one hand, closing it, clawlike, in mid air. All at once, the officer began to sputter and choke, grasping at his throat as it closed against his will.
A solemn nod. “For longer than you know, John.”
Lestrade followed him, watching carefully and with concern. “John, I know you haven’t been yourself, lately. Maybe you need to speak with someone…”
fades away over time.” He cocked his head at me in that familiar way and continued, “We watch over our families and friends in different ways. Rather than inserting ourselves into their lives directly, we work ‘behind the scenes’, as it were. We help things to move in certain directions, help those still in corporeal bodies to fulfill their spiritual contracts so that they can grow as souls...”
“I think the mattress is grateful,” Sherlock murmured. “What do you think, John?”
“Of course I know, Sherlock! We know
John sputtered as hot coffee shot out of his nose. Sherlock grinned. “
crew turned up at the Savoy not long after I did.”
“Jhawn,” he slurred, his eyelids still at half-mast. John raised the hand he clutched and pressed it to his lips before returning his lover’s smile.
be judged by the common herd,” Sherlock whispered, testily.
“God help London with you lot investigating crimes! Look at the amount of blood on his shirt! Check out the angle! Look at the bloodstains on the pavement! The shot was from on high, and he was still alive when he staggered into traffic in front of the first car! Don’t you see it? Do I have to spoon-feed you the evidence before you go home and have your mummy wipe your face?”
“And do hurry, would you please? I can’t
would say that, Sherlock. Even
“Don’t care,” Sherlock murmured, kissing and nuzzling at John’s neck and ear. “Not hungry, anyway.” He carefully caught John’s ear pinna in between his teeth and gnawed at it. John hissed in surprise and arousal. “At least, not for food.”
John barked out a laugh as Lestrade replaced the book on the shelf. He turned back to the still-chuckling man. “John, would you like to fill me in on this or shall I call the police psychologist?” he asked, his tone as unsure as I’d ever heard it.
. The same… when I proposed. I wanted it… to be you…
Doyle huffed laughter. “Son, you don’t know the half of it. And work on that poker-face some more. You may not believe this, but
Unable to answer her through pain-gritted teeth, he could only wonder what else she might have in store for him. This wasn’t just about blackmail; this was also about evening the score.
John laughed. “A
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in surprise. “She did?”
John giggled. “You’re an idiot.”
“Inexperienced but not stupid. So, what do we need?”
“How did you know…”
“Are you warm enough, Sherlock?” he asked, solicitously.
She laughed amiably.
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed.
There was the sound of scurrying in the room as a body hit the side of the bed and something warm grabbed my hand. Another something landed on my forehead, brushing my hair back.
“Everyone’s a god-damned cupid,” John sighed in resignation.
neck on the line…”
“John. John Watson,” John said, excitedly. “We’re here to...”
“You promised.” Sulky tone.
“Yes, you do,” she rapped back, calling bullshit on Sherlock’s claim. “Whenever he brings a new lady here, you look unhappy.” She got up on her knees so she was eye-level with him. He turned his eyes to meet hers and regretted it immediately. She had that all-seeing stare that children have when they see through an adult. “You smile when you meet them, but it goes away as soon as they leave. You stare at them like you do with the people that bring you stupid jobs. You roll your eyes when they talk silly talk. And,” she held up a finger in John-like emphasis, “You get all sad when he leaves. I have to cheer you up because I hate to see you so sad, Papa.”
“You mean, ‘have more sex’, of course,” Sherlock replied through a mouthful of omelet. “Yes, I wholeheartedly agree.”
“BASTARD! I HATE YOU!” she shrieked, raining blows upon the hapless Jake, if Sherlock was any judge of the dull thuds that followed.
“Papa?”
Lestrade’s voice came over to the bed and the mattress dipped with his weight as he worried at the knots holding Sherlock’s wrists prisoner. John blindly touched Sherlock’s face, then pulled off his blindfold. Sherlock blinked at the brightness of the room, finally having to close his eyes against the glare and just listen to the tale as it was told.
the Highway to Hell, I wasn’t sure I wanted to sit on a cloud playing a harp for the rest of eternity, either.
Angelo bustled out, refused to charge them for the meal, and even produced a warm, wet cloth to wipe off Rosie’s chocolate-covered face and robe.
Back in London, John and Sherlock took a deep breath of the damp air of their native soil and sighed.
Sherlock laughed. “Idiot.”
John laughed maniacally. “No way. We’ll both die of dehydration
. They really are a rather impressive group,” he added, thoughtfully. “Perhaps I should enlist some of them...”
a bit overpowering,” Sherlock agreed.
man I’ve ever met, in some ways” he murmured affectionately. “Usually it’s the
Those full lips quirked. “Sentiment.”
“Oh! That! Yeah, let me just…” John dashed into the bathroom and returned with a warm, moist washcloth and a towel, which he diligently applied to Sherlock’s curvaceous bum. Sherlock removed the sullied towel from beneath himself.
wasn’t. My husband attended to the victim, that’s all.”
There was a polite knock on the door the next morning. Sherlock ignored it.
“NO!” John yelled, aghast. “He was teaching me about becoming a jedi...”
Sherlock noticed this, too; after all, he could
. Eventually, you will do what I ask.” He then turned off the light and sauntered out of the room.
. While he would
Mrs. Hudson’s eyes were wide with surprise. “Honestly, Sherlock, I didn’t think they’d be
Another scurry forward, excitedly. “With
“The truth, I suppose, would be best.”
John’s smile faded. “No repeat, Sherlock. I...I want this, now. I was always so afraid that you’d...you’d find out and be repulsed...”
“Because you may be cute, but, deep down, you’re an idiot,” Sherlock replied, in mock sympathy.
had seen to that.
Breakfast was never served.
“No ‘supposedly’ about it,” I sniffed. “Extremely elementary in nature. Any ghost use do it.”
“’Ello, doc? Itz Wiggins. I ‘eard from sum a’ th’ network that they seen Mistah ‘Olmes bein’ bundled inta a black cah wivout enny plates. Two big guys. One uv tha spottah’s reconnized one a‘ th’ blokes. Name’s Whitey James, a real piece a’ work, that one. Known muscle fur hire. Lives ‘round th’ area where th’ phone last pinged. We’re lookin’ fur ‘im now in th’ pubs that ‘e normally ‘angs out in.”
Tap tap tappity tap taptap…
John raised his head from the pillow and mumbled, “Jeez, Inspector, no need to shout!”
protecting me, you’ve sacrificed your own happiness so that I could have what I
Silver eyes blinked annoyedly. “Why? I’ve already read it...”
John smirked. “Nope. Took ‘em out before I entered the suite. Clip was in my pocket. I knew how dangerous, how
John and Sherlock dissolved into laughter.
“’Even a pawn can take a king’. Yeah, I know. That’s part of my value to you; everyone underestimates me. You said so yourself.”
“So, who is he working for?” Sherlock inquired, as he picked a French fry off John’s plate.
“Sherlock.”
Shaking his head, John retorted, “
decision.”
expect me to admit that? At
, and memories are rewritable. In my
In response to the call, John stirred, raising his head blearily. “Fuck. Well,
“Yes, and you usually ignore me, so what’s the point?” John groused, closing the refrigerator door with a purposeful
the type Sherlock had been enduring recently. “Open up, you bastards! Motherfuckers!”
about it. Having regrets already?”
, joined together in primordial ecstasy…
“Everything,” Sherlock whispered, lacing his arms back around John’s shoulders. “And thank you.”
John shrugged. “Well, knowing Mycroft, it could be anywhere.”
century pulp novel.
The guards snapped to attention as Mycroft added, “Please do reconsider my offer, Sherlock. Together… we could rule the galaxy!”
“I wouldn’t
“Which you will, of course, protest.”
“No.” I was adamant. “You go...I go.” I cracked open an eye just as his mouth opened to rebut me. I finally knew how to shut him up.
Sherlock sighed.
“AND THAT’S PRECISELY THE POINT!” John yelled. “I just said that I want to do to you what
about it, as if thousands of voices were calling me to enter. Instead, I shrank back. Even though it was obviously
and I don’t want to fuck that up. It’s too
John was blushing at this line of inquiry. “Well, he’s, uh, he’s usually kinda…he’s sort of…I guess you could say I’m the one driving it, usually. You know, especially if it’s, ah…you know.” He circled the fingers of one hand and poked a finger of the other through it in demonstration.
He nodded. “The blue it is, then, milady,” he replied as, with a flourish, he whipped her blue nightie off the toilet lid and helped her dress herself in it. “I always like this one on you. It goes well with your eyes.”
detectives I have ever had the dubious pleasure to meet. He will
Look. At. Me. Sherlock.
The silver eyes didn’t move, didn’t blink, over the top of the book.
“He’z a prat.”
Uncle Rudy sighed in frustration. “Somehow, I
“YOU ALMOST DROWNED AND YOU DIDN’T BOTHER TO TELL ME ANYTHING?”
“Hey,” Sherlock replied before dipping his head down to deliver a soft kiss to John’s lips. It was light yet compelling, rousing John fully from sleep. He started to reach up for his lover, then laid his hand back down again, content to let Sherlock lead.
John laughed in a self-deprecatory manner. “’Nobility’. Nothing noble about it, Sherlock. I’m a survivor, that’s all. I’m too stupid to roll over and die.”
you were
“What?” he managed to squeak out.
John just stared in disbelief. “What did you think I was going to do, shoot them all? Are you
clothed. No, his state of dress was never a concern to him, but his obvious state of bondage was. What “criminal mastermind” would actually bother disrobing him before interrogating or killing him?
I drank it all in, including the flowers that rimmed the gate a small distance away. I don’t know what I had expected; according to religions, the Gates of Heaven are supposed to be huge and bright gold and imposing, but this was almost like the gate into someone’s well-kept yard. It was an archway with filigree that looked like burnished, timeworn gold, surrounded by a low wall made of crystaline stonework. It was beautiful, but very underwhelming.
this, pretty man?’ he said in Sherlock’s ear. “Maybe your friend liked this, too, with you, or are you virgin?
you want to tell me now,
Sherlock scowled briefly, then extended his hand with purpose. No apparent tremor marred the movement. “Téléphone.”
“Never better. May need a pillow to sit on, though.”
that promise.” He gusted a sigh through his nose. “No, I am as much in the dark as you are, if you’ll pardon the expression.”
John pointed a determined finger at his flatmate and stated, “
Sherlock smiled humorlessly. “Yes, Big Brother, you
there, Sherlock,” John growled, pointing an accusing finger at his husband. “
“Really, Sherlock,” Mycroft sighed. “You need to be able to manage your emotional attachments better than that. Have I taught you nothing?”
Another kiss, this time
John frowned. “When the hell was
“Sherlock, what…?” John started, but Sherlock’s tight expression told him all he needed to know.
. I promised, at the reception, that I would be there for the
Another kiss followed. The form settled.
Graham had actually figured this out on his own. Amazing.
“And we mustn’t disappoint,” Sherlock replied as he closed the distance between them, slid his arms around his husband’s compact form, and kissed him soundly.
assaults
, sir,” John quipped. He was pleased to see Sherlock laugh again. It made him feel that, perhaps, normality could piece itself back together again at some point.
feelings are,” Sherlock shot back, stung by the rejection. He crossed his arms over his chest and dropped his chin in defiance. “As if you ever
...Mycroft...I...I
he had known about.
“There, there, now, ma petite, it is all in the past, but sometimes, things from the past are very difficult to overcome because they are so deep inside us.”
“Indeed. In fact, I have the perfect solution for it.”
, it would matter, but it is something that my body would have
of the dancer. He was
John elbowed him sharply and Sherlock shut up, but not without a look full of malignant promise.
want to do is within the bounds of a caring, mutually-supportive relationship. What
“You weren’t, in case you didn’t notice the love bite on your...
“Woolgathering again?” the mellifluous voice jarred him from his reverie. Sherlock loomed into view, finally. He took a swig of John’s coffee, made a face, and handed it back. “How can you drink that stuff? Vile.
He grinned. “Nope. No Hell, no Satan, just a lot of bad press by the preachers to keep people in line. It’s all about control of the people, lad.”
John looked under the comforter, daring to hope…
this time.
As Sherlock buried himself entirely inside John, a moan escaped two throats at once. Mental coherence flew out the window as Sherlock practiced withdrawing and resheathing himself inside his lover. Each gentle thrust took them closer to the edge of their control, especially when Sherlock shifted his position and found John’s prostate. The result was impressive as John’s hips reared up and he impaled himself completely on Sherlock’s cock. Muscular legs wrapped around a slender waist as medically-trained hands grabbed at Sherlock’s plump bum and pulled.
“I treat her better than her own sons do,
She smiled impishly at him.
Rudy smiled benignly. “Of course
The two ran off as I watched. “I
I guess the look on my face must have been pretty comical, because Uncle Rudy practically fell to the ground laughing. “God said they’d say that the next time you asked! I didn’t believe them!” It took him a good minute to get himself together again. “Ask something
“This mattress is a chronic complainer.”
“Ye-e-es…” Sherlock drawled out.
Again, a burrito nod.
of it, brother dear,” Mycroft smiled, evidently pleased at having gotten a rise out of Sherlock.
“And who,
“In where?”
“Oh, you’re not alone, Miss,” Sherlock continued, adding fuel to the fire. “There were, at least, two others, not to mention the man’s wife, from whom he most
“So what now?” he queried, his voice carefully neutral. “You wouldn’t have gone to all this trouble just to hand me over to someone else for payment. You have a personal agenda, don’t you? Let’s see, now--why would you want me in your bed, naked and trussed, if you, yourself, Miss Adler are as gay as I am and would reap no reward on that front? In fact, why kidnap me at all? It gains you nothing unless… unless you are planning on returning to your former way of life and are trying to re-establish your database of clientele with guilty secrets for insurance. In which case,” he continued, lifting his head and tracking her pacing with his face, “you have wasted your time with me. I don’t care what happens to my so-called reputation in the press or the public. If Janine wasn’t able to tar and feather me in the papers, what makes you think you can?”
John looked away, his mouth a hard line of self-recrimination. “I
John huffed. “Yeah, but I still have my medical practice.”
for it. They had me beaten, then threw me to the wolves. My wife left me, took my children, because no one would hire me again. I became a desperate man, on the run from others of the network. I
of figured that out, what with you saying you want me to enjoy sex more and all,” Sherlock joked. “Even though I already
want to be the one to clean it up.”
“No problem,” came the muffled response. “Just as long as you don’t touch the rest of my back.”
“And the Grand Slam breakfast for me, with orange juice,” John added.
John reached out and laid his small, strong hand over one of Sherlock’s long-fingered ones. “What are you trying to say, love?” he said, ever so gently.
“Shoo! Eat your own!” John said, brushing Sherlock’s fingers away from his plate.
John could have jumped out of the bed screaming in joy, except for the fact that he couldn’t move. Not an inch.
“He’s nice. I told him why I had to come here, and he brought me right away!” she beamed.
to be
Sherlock’s eyebrows rose to meet his waterlogged fringe. “Of course. That’s what husbands are for.”
The book lowered slightly. “I have never asked her to call me that. That was
>>>***<<<
“Good. It is good that you are here.”
Sherlock placed his hand over his heart and, staggering backward, said, with all due drama, “Alas! I am struck down by thine sarcasm!”
of it. You couldn’t keep up with us...”
A glimpse of a long, dark coat swirling around a corner sent John scurrying after it. Damn him, he’s been following me! Can’t even let me be miserable in peace! He was furious. I don’t need him babysitting me! I’m competent! I’m self-reliant! I’m…
” He winked. “Maybe we might try a little...light bondage, even?”
of there before…”
“Sounds like it,” Sherlock drawled. He looked around the cavernous room, full of the ship’s detritus. “We have to get out of here.”
that came our way…”
Sherlock was stunned. Here, he thought that Rosie was too young to notice such things, only to suddenly realize that this small package of humanity was brighter than he could have possibly imagined. Part of that might have been attributable to Mary’s keen intellect, but it also made him realize how much of this was John’s influence. He always seemed to underestimate John, just as he obviously had underestimated Rosie.
“Were you following me?” John demanded.
it, could we?” John stated, in all righteousness.
that we were instrumental to bringing your sons to justice? I mean, I wouldn’t want you to…”
you?”
The smaller man nodded and left without a word. The phone kept ringing, without response.
, John thought.
“Maybe now, Mr. Great Detective, you will take my questions more seriously. I know how
you.”
>Click< “’Ello, Mistah ‘Olmes. Wot kin I do fur you?” Came a familiar voice and accent.
Tapatapatap tappity tappity taptap…
“When I kissed Janine,” Sherlock responded, between kisses. “I imagined…I was kissing
. I’m as much in the dark as
envy you, Dr. Watson.”
“Sherlock, talking on the phone won’t help…”
A shake of the head. “No, John.”
“Precisely.”
John raised an eyebrow. “Mrs. Hudson, there are more layers to you than an onion.”
He smiled indulgently and lowered his eyes, hoping she wouldn’t read the truth there. “About your daddy. I...worry when he goes out at night. London can be a very dangerous place, you know.”
John decided he couldn’t let this go unchallenged.
“Always knew how to make an exit,” Mycroft stated, admiringly. He then turned his attention back to Sherlock and, without any real urgency, called out, “Stop them. They are getting away. Oh, dearie me...”
It took about half an hour before John returned downstairs, walking directly to the kitchen table where he had deposited a bag full of Indian food in take-away boxes. Sherlock said nothing, but his iron eyes followed John’s every move from his chair in the parlor
The phone at the other end rang. And rang. And rang.
John scrambled to his feet in fury, diving at Mycroft with his fist cocked. Mycroft watched him until, at the last second, he pivoted to one side and tripped John with a well-shod foot, then watched as the smaller man stumbled past him and slammed into a column face-first.
Sherlock snorted impolitely. “’Professionals’, Lestrade?
“I find your lack of attention disturbing,” Mycroft muttered, melodramatically.
“When?” Laconically.
The phone thumped as Sherlock lay it down heavily on the bedside table. John rolled over and opened one eye. “What did Lestrade want?”
Muffled laughter. “What, you don’t think I should continue to exercise more control over my life? Isn’t that what the shrink said?”
John paused in his tirade long enough for Lestrade to finish his call and pocket his phone.
get any choice in the matter...” he growled, drunkenly rebelling against Sherlock’s grip and his attempts to lead him to the car. “GET YOUR BLOODY HANDS OFF OF ME! It’s
“If you want...”
him for informational purposes.”
how important this is. How could he have missed it? I even watched him as he programmed his phone alarm!” He took the stairs two at a time, calling Sherlock’s name the whole way. No response. When he burst into the flat, there was nothing to indicate that Sherlock had been there at all that morning.
me there. My sister had escaped, but I couldn’t. I was too young.”
John was becoming uncomfortably aware of a gradual tightening in his pants. As he shifted around a little to ease the constriction, he couldn’t miss the slow, satisfied smile that was creeping over Sherlock’s lips as he took notice of the
“No, I get angry when you put the thumbs in the same kind of bottle as the olives and set them
? Sherlock almost
to look like the old man you remember.” He snapped his fingers and his garb changed to something more like my own.
He watched as Sherlock’s shoulders slumped in dismay. For Sherlock to be unable to speak and make himself understood…
“I’m not going
Aren’t you?
will also translate
that to you.”
“Now, Mr. Holmes, if you could explain what happened…”
gain me a network of loyal people who are willing to work for the justice they are denied on a daily basis.”
We all stumbled backward, in a manner quite undignified, as John tumbled out and staggered into our arms. He looked around in surprise, then in joy, at seeing his old comrades again. He hugged each and every one of us unreservedly. Yes, even Mycroft. “Where is everyone else?” he asked, breathlessly.
Agent Doyle held up the recorder. “You were just going to drop him off for an alligator buffet, that’s all. Just your style.”
“Then why did you not take her up on her most-generous offer?”
With an encouraging smile, Mrs. Hudson nodded and retreated downstairs while John went into the bedroom—
!” Sherlock nodded, smiling a besotted smile up at his new lover.
“Good night, Sherlock,” John whispered.
es mon ‘sexy petit ami de l'armée’."
not funny. So, Mycroft,” he growled, “Have you and your minions of darkness found out who is responsible for this attack on Sherlock?”
The bedroom door slammed open and John charged out of it, gun in hand. He stared about wildly as he turned on the kitchen light, pointing his gun at me at one point unintentionally. Not that it mattered; the bullet would have passed right through, but it
opportunity, or…”
“No need to shout, John,” I replied, offended. “I’m right here, as always.”
“’Ey! ‘Ey, that’s mine! Give it back!” the bully blustered. Another one of the men stepped in to kick him soundly in the arse and told him to “shut it”.
“Who was she, Jake? You told me I was the only one!”
Ella Thompson, John’s therapist, nodded but said nothing. After a few minutes of silence, John just…exploded.
“You are a right cock, love,” John chortled, as the fight raged.
“I want the man you sent it to. I want the head of your organization. I want
“So, you are both awake, eh?” he said in Serbian. Sherlock’s sphincters all snapped shut simultaneously at the sound of that voice. A long time ago, but still
Sherlock leaned around the corner to look. “Oh, that’s just my brother, Mycroft. Pay him no heed.”
, there’s just so
“Ah! Oh, yeah, that…ohhh, Sherlock, you’ve got…ahh…such a mouth on you….”
It had been a long time since John had felt this disappointed in himself. A
Another quiet step. A looming figure wrapped in white cotton stood directly behind him now, half-a-head taller and with dark, curly hair that desperately needed a comb. “Ye-e-es, but I wanted to make sure...”
Silence.
who talks about my mum. I may shoot you in the face before we let the gators have you, and then we’ll come back after your buddy…”
pants. I was wearing “panties”. Did you
easy to play, Sherlock?” John asked, in confusion.
“Welcome back,” a mellifluous voice said. A tall figure sat facing the fireplace, long legs stretched toward the warming glow. There was no movement, not even a head turn.
“This,” Sherlock admitted, “is very relaxing. Not that I could survive the tedium for long, unless you still want to go to Disney World or Universal Studios…”
of our conversations have to take place AT VOLUME? I
again. Why?”
I nodded my regret as John wept silently.
enough to come after you after all these years!
The man next to him jammed the gun into Sherlock’s side. “
The doorway shimmered into existence behind me. Mycroft leaned out of it. “Would you mind hurrying along, Sherlock? Your and John’s ‘Welcome Home” party is waiting!” His tone was as cool as ever. “You’ve kept us all waiting far too long...”
"Motor? Good or Bad?"
when he did that. “God, Toby, that’s
sorry for the suspect. Although Sherlock was convinced his brother was one of his nemeses, John knew better. Mycroft was as protective of Sherlock, in his own way, as John was in his.
Shaking his head vehemently, Sherlock whispered, “No. Just,
tight, and if Sherlock had not known better, he would have thought it impossible for his cock to fit through it. He pushed in half-way and was rewarded with a contraction and another moan.
“And you
After some consideration, John asked, “May I put my arms around you?”
That was it. I couldn’t stand this shit-show any longer. Had I been alive, I would have verbally reamed this lot a new one but, as things currently stood, there was only one thing I could do…
John started. He had been joking, but now…”When?” he asked, angrily.
“Show off. Always has to make it about himself,” he groused.
John, almost casually, pulled his Sig Sauer from the waistband of his pants and examined it, right in front of Whitey’s face. The laughter died in his throat when he saw the weapon, all clean and shiny and obviously well-cared-for. John ejected the magazine, checking that it was full, before slamming it back home into the handle.
They ate in relative silence, John observing his mate’s eating habits. Surprisingly, Sherlock dug into the food with what, for him, counted as gusto. He actually asked if there was any more and John emptied his plate onto Sherlock’s, against the other’s protestations. “No. You eat while the mood is on you,” John said. “I’ll make myself another one. I put in plenty of provisions.” He sighed and smiled in relief as Sherlock practically did a swan dive into his plate.
“Oh, it’s quite nice here.”
(3) Life-giving drink - a weak concentration of the elixir of life; one of the ingredients for many potions, as well as for all kinds of alcohol. It can be consumed in its pure form, and it is addictive like any other elixir.
“Borrow the Inspector to do what you usually do when you meet. I need peace and quiet.”
“How did he get you, John? This guy is just unbearable, although he knows a great deal about artifacts.” Wilkes hastily changed the subject and willingly pounced on John, like a hound seeking prey. This was the second time in one day when he had to not only hear a reiteration of someone else's dissatisfaction with Holmes, but to also try to free his own hand from a strong grip.
After a short day shift, a tedious subway ride, and a walk through the busy streets of London, he was glad to get back to Baker Street as soon as possible, despite the unusually busy Holmes. He’d already managed to change into the, of course, perfectly fitting suit, having parted with the pajama pants and stretched T-shirt, now nervously pacing around their living room, reminiscent of an animal driven into a cage. In John’s eyes, he compared the dark mage to a lean, black feline though he wouldn’t ever have dared to tell him that to his face.
And, it seemed, he already knew why he dropped in here this morning, in between the pages of an old textbook on Basic Theory of Dreams lay an unremarkable leaflet - against a black background, plain text advertised courses for aspiring Dreamers or those who simply wanted to learn how to read dreams. No contact information, except for the address was provided, while somewhat embarrassing, it still didn’t seem suspicious to him. Many Temples, unlike schools or private institutions, did this; he only had to check the address and make sure that the courses were indeed held at the Temple. And maybe they were even free, if not mentioned otherwise.
The witch looked around in a businesslike manner and selected a cup filled with freshly brewed tea and dripped a few drops of it into the chalk. Sherlock noted to himself that Anteya did not even need to add at least something else, which meant that the pentagram was not needed for more than a couple of minutes. He himself disliked painting, except for rare and intriguing exceptions, such as creating a portal for John (1). Sherlock preferred to use ready-made drawings, activating them directly on paper, or working with what someone created and painted for him.
for helping me with this chapter)) we are also working on remaining one and litle bonus) so soon this part will be finally finished)))
Looking at the appearance of this still rather young man, he decided that they might even be of the same age. Moreover, the past years have left even more traces on him than on the Master of this Temple sitting opposite. His dark skin looked young and fresh, and his dark, smooth hair without a single gray strand was pulled into a high ponytail, revealing his ears with many amulet earrings. Intuition told him that it was definitely not some charlatan in front of him; something in the other's eyes involuntarily aroused respect and even a slight awe.
“Yes,” a discordant chorus of voices was heard around.
“What do you have here?” Sarah nodded at his hands, where he still held the purchased textbook.
From the Author: This chapter was inspired by a scene from the movie “Constantine”. I love this movie. When I was thinking about the scene on the street, a scene from the film immediately surfaced in my mind, and I could not resist - it is simply gorgeous.
Hello-hello))
“Do you think part of the artifact can be replaced? I read that this is possible in some cases.”
So far, everything said at this so-called meeting for those wishing to join didn’t go beyond the standard propaganda, though the last words were alarming. John endured with the last of his strength. All the same, he wouldn’t have been able to get up and leave, despite being in the last rows. He had checked specifically; at the entrance were two fellows of outstanding proportions and physique on duty. The guys were clearly bored and quietly talking about something, but it was still unrealistic to slip past them.
Holmes had ignored him all morning, clearly realizing at once what he, John, was so focused on. Although they did not directly discuss the possibility for him to work somewhere else, Sherlock didn’t seem to mind, so he had nothing against it, or so John consoled himself.
The unpleasant feeling of being watched closely came almost immediately. On the other side of the door someone was waiting for them, but it was definitely no longer a living, breathing person. The mysterious Mr. Wang Kun no longer had to worry about being reprimanded by his superiors for his absence from the workplace, but they on the other hand could earn more trouble on their heads.
“Good. Great... I'm quite delighted.”
“I didn’t know that an insignificant position in the Ministry gave such opportunities and powers,” John remarked with an innocent smile. “Amazing.”
“Is Sherlock bothering you? Now that you have less time you can devote only to him, and he can be such an owner.”
“I don’t know how to explain it.” John furrowed his brows apologetically, “but it looks like they were guilty of something, and they were punished demonstratively.”
“Ahh… yes… Of course.”
The suburbs of London in the predawn haze seemed to John something unsteady and unreal. A gray fog masked the ground, covered with a carpet of fallen leaves, and he could only wrap himself in a light jacket and regret that he had not dressed warmer and that he had once again forgotten to put a spare sweater in his rucksack.
John, just for a moment, but thought about the answer. If he truly surmised, then there was, in his life, someone who demanded not only constant worship, but also sacrifices in the form of his time and skills, however, that didn’t mean that he was ready to admit that openly.
“Y-yes ... Excuse me, do you have an appointment?”
“I don't like it here,” and that was absolutely true. Perhaps this impression was created on purpose for visitors, but in this kingdom of chrome, marble and modern technologies, he had essentially no place to draw magic from. John involuntarily shrugged his shoulders, trying to rid himself of the phantom itch under his skin.
The morgue was the last place he expected to spend his well-started day. The gray tiles, the scent of chlorine and formalin brought back memories of his student years, and not the most pleasant parts of them. He didn’t even immediately  notice the small witch merging into the light gray wall behind her - due to her white robe and low-key appearance. It was almost not even surprising while in the presence of Sherlock Holmes, who always attracted the attention of others as soon as he just went somewhere. John strongly suspected he was ignored as well and constantly lost against the background of the dark mage, though this didn’t bother him at all.
“Of course.”
Finally, his young guide stopped and respectfully pushed back a partition so John could step into the twilight of the opened room. It smelled of some kind of spice and tobacco, the two scents mixing with the delicate aroma of a flower unknown to him. He looked around the room with a quick glance, but didn’t notice anything superfluous; two mats and a table, and the main decoration of the dark room, a weapon. It gleamed dimly in the faint light of the setting sun sparingly making its way through the open shutters.
The speaker was an elderly Chinese woman. She more than compensated her small stature and delicate build with her voice and imperious manner of speaking. But her somewhat patronizing tone seemed to bother only him; even in the meager lighting here, he could clearly see the respect frozen in the faces around him. He had the impression that only he alone came unprepared, but was nevertheless allowed to pass without hindrance, though he was clearly quite different from the locals, and thus quite conspicuous.
Even at the first visit he was quite surprised by the fact that the temple was not located on the Source, which would have been natural and logical. And surprisingly, the Source was not even anywhere near. But despite this, every stone, every tree on the hill was filled with the strongest primordial magic. He could just sit for hours and watch the intricate swirls and overflows, while a living luminous stream flowed past and through him.
“Better call Lestrade and the Agents.”
To activate the pentagram, Anteya had only to touch the black, even line of a small circle, and magic of a level that could only be afforded by Mycroft with his special permission and admission, and through him the witch working for him, continued to work around.
John looked around unwittingly, feeling eager, curious glances on him. There were children of all ages, even those who should have already studied in schools, but for whom, due to life circumstances, the only alternative was only temple education, moreover, not always the most successful, of which he became an involuntary witness.
“Black Lotus,” Lestrade's voice was gravely uneasy.
Now, he understood her strange at first glance words about humanity. He had never encountered half-demons before. Because of cultural differences and the mentality in Asia, half-breeds were much more common; there no one considered it reprehensible to have a relationship with a tengu or a kitsune. Harmonious coexistence with nature, spirits, and deities in Eastern culture often plunged Europeans into trembling horror, affecting the attitudes towards such mixed marriages, and, of course, the children born from such unions. No matter that they lived in the twenty-first century, prejudices against half-demons were as prevalent and strong as prejudices about skin color or sexual orientation.
“Yes. I think we are dealing with a Necromancer. The ritual was somehow connected with him,” Sherlock already had an idea how exactly, but without Mycroft, he decided not to start building a chain of conclusions yet.
“Oh, yes, thanks.”
One glance was enough for Su Lin, as well as for Mrs. Hudson, to understand that John was not alright, and it was certainly not his appearance. Within the walls of Baker Street it became even more distinctly visible how John burned and glowed while the security network they had created rang alarmingly. The skull on the mantel also quieted down and even glowed differently, more brightly, catching only the residual magic of John, which still found a way out.
“Let’s walk a little, if you don’t mind? It’s so rare when the weather spoils us with warmth.” John was a little embarrassed, he could have walked alone, but he and Sherlock never went out somewhere just like that, and not for the sake of business. He wanted to somehow correct this omission. If he thought about it, the dark mage rarely bothered himself with any kind of socialization, and John saw this as  a chance to bring something new into his life, even if it was something so insignificant, perhaps even completely unnecessary to Holmes.
“This world? Does this mean that other worlds are available to you?”
“Sure!”
Suddenly, a timid whisper ran through the room. Having rushed into the classroom, the mentor first of all looked around everyone with a displeased glance, only lingering on John for a short while.
“I would not want to even be his temporary or substitute Inspector and endure the meticulous digging into my brains, just as I would not want to have anything to do with him. But since you are his partner, we will all have to find a compromise. Do you see where I am leading?”
The silence in their living room was  rarely comfortable. Usually it was disturbed by some suspiciously gurgling experiment, a skull chattering about everything or a bored dark mage. Even John himself did his part every now and then by turning on the TV or listening to music on his laptop or phone. In their living room one could constantly hear the rustling of the pages of books or newspapers, or the slight crackling of magic charges in the fireplace, where Sherlock again sent them out of boredom. Clients came to them quite often, which, amidst other things, seldom meant that they stayed for more than a couple of minutes. Mrs. Hudson dropped by often to just chat, or tidy up a bit, or bring some fresh baked goods.
“Mmmm... Yes, someone did an excellent job at the time. Look here,” with his fingertips, John touched the thin ligature invisible to the uninitiated eye, and a thin, barely audible chime spread around them. “The evil that is attracted by pain and suffering can never overcome this barrier.”
“Now we have every reason to believe so.”
“Mr. Holmes is not going to suddenly appear again and interrupt our conversation?” The mage, nervous in front of him, asked directly. His aura went ugly with brown ripples, making John want to turn away and look anywhere else, just not at those flashing blisters, looking more like scars.
“You could’ve come and gotten one of us.”
“Sherlock, you must get over your aversion to the dom sub dynamic. Obviously, don’t settle for someone who you think will boss you around and disrespect you. It’s literally in your genes, and it’s something you’re going to have to accept. But I thought that was a given, dear brother, and didn’t need to be said out loud. Clearly I was wrong.” Mycroft looked at Sherlock with a mixture of concern and what Sherlock hesitated to call affection. He was equal parts touched and annoyed at the emotions playing over his brother’s face, and silently thanked the lord when Greg walked up.
“We won’t hurt you.” He reached out a hand but stopped when the girl whimpered again. He withdrew his hand. “It’s okay.” He sat for another moment. “Will you come out from there? We won’t hurt you, I promise.”
“No thank you John, I’m just stopping in to drop these off.” He brandished the garment bag, pushing it towards John.
“Ta,” he said, pretending to bite at her fingers. She giggled, pulling her hand away.
What met them was a gruesome sight. A middle-aged white man was splayed spread-eagled on the pavement, arms severed from his torso. Blood pooled under and around the body.
Mycroft woke, once again on the sofa, to Jackie’s piercing shriek coming through the baby monitor. They had returned to his flat the previous evening when it became apparent that Sherlock was asleep for the night. Mycroft had put Jackie to bed upon their arrival and had sat on the sofa, reading various parenting books and websites. Clearly he had fallen asleep poring over these and now he was waking with a crick in his neck.
“You don’t mind watching her?”
She looked down at her feet silently.
“Greg, listen to me. I need you to breathe.” Lightly, Mycroft put one hand over top of one of Greg’s, not pulling but just resting on his. “I know it’s scary,” Mycroft continued, “but I need you to take a deep breath for me. You’re hyperventilating and that’s not good. I’ve got you, I won’t let you go, I just need you to take a deep breath for me.” Slowly, haltingly, Greg dragged air into his lungs, smaller at first but slowly evening out as he regained control. As he regained control, his deep breaths turned into soft sobs and he gripped tightly onto Mycroft’s hand, falling into him as Mycroft wrapped his other arm around Greg’s waist and supported him. “There we go,” Mycroft soothed, internally shaken. His sub was clearly distressed and he didn’t know why or how to help him. As tears continued to soak Mycroft’s suit, he hummed and stroked Greg’s back as best he could, hoping the vibrations in his chest would help soothe Greg. After a while, Greg pulled away gently, loosening his grip on Mycroft’s hand but not pulling away.
“Serving as ashtray.”
“Thirteen, thank you,” Greg growled.
“Of course.”
“Dress to impress, brother.”
John reached down and separated the two sets of robes, draping Liz’s over his arm and handing the hanger with the other set to Sherlock.
“Can you look at it?” Sherlock asked quietly. He knew he was in trouble.
“I don’t know, rosy pink?”
“John?”
John nodded. “You any good?”
“Well, the D.I. said he was the owner of a bakery, evidenced by the flour on his pants. His shoes have mud on them but it hasn’t rained today so I’d say he was walking in a muddy area yesterday. I’d put time of death approximately twelve hours ago, and I think it’s safe to say he died here.”
“We go back to mine. And then we start rebuilding our home.”
Mycroft and Lestrade try to figure out their dynamic- in a slightly explosive manner. Meanwhile, Sherlock and John make a big decision.
“You should drink more water,” Greg said gently.
“She said ‘no’ when we went shopping, and she’s constantly babbling,” Mycroft said.
“Goodnight,” Sherlock responded quietly. Turning around, he climbed the steps to the door, turning back to look at John once more before going inside.
“I don’t have one.”
“It’s just, the last time I spanked you, you cried.”
“What about some Jammie Dodgers?” Greg asked Mycroft, holding up a packet. “We could always use Jammie Dodgers.”
John came back in and placed a plate of plain toast in front of Liz and a plate with jam on toast in front of Sherlock. He put his own plate on the table leaned forward, picking a wedge of toast and popping it in his mouth.
“What other words do you know?” Mycroft asked contemplatively, not really expecting an answer. He was quickly realizing that he knew very little about the baby in front of him, including developmental stage and health concerns. He shook himself out of his thoughts quickly. “Well, I don’t like it either. This one would’ve just been annoying.” He put the toy back on the shelf and continued down the aisles. Together they picked out a few more stuffed animals, as well as some other developmental and play toys. He decided they would go to a bookstore another time to pick out a selection of books.
“And Liz, you may have magic as well?”
“I hope so,” he said softly.
“It’s a beautiful name,” John supplied, stepping forward and putting a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back. Although it looked like an affectionate move, and it was, Mycroft saw it for the warning move that it also was. Sherlock hummed, non-committal. Mycroft knew it was all for show, could tell by the small smile that Sherlock couldn’t keep from playing around his lips and the warm spark in his eyes. “So how exactly did you get her, if it’s not confidential?”
Sherlock nodded, correctly interpreting it as John’s way of asking for a night off.
“Tales of Beedle the Bard!” John exclaimed, pulling out a tall thin book from the shelf. “This was my favourite. Look, Babbity Rabbity and the Cackling Stump! And The Wizard and the Hopping Pot. These were my childhood. I’m buying this.” He tucked the book under his arm, reaching for another.
Liz nodded quietly, seemingly emotionally spent.
“That sounds like a very good plan,” John said, knocking back his drink. Liz and Sherlock followed suit, drinking their juice quickly. They all stood, Liz taking John and Sherlock’s hands as they left The Leaky Cauldron.
“How’s it feeling, love?”
“And it’ll be great,” Greg said, wrapping his arm around Mycroft’s waist and pulling him close.
Sherlock, who had been watching quietly from the other side of the sofa, reached forward and rubbed a hand soothingly down her back.
“If you do find somewhere though… Will I have to move back with Mummy and Daddy?” Sherlock asked quietly, almost afraid of the answer.
“Right over this way,” she said, bustling down the next aisle. “Now for these, I would suggest this one because it can be converted into a front carrier or a back carrier.”
Darkness stretched out endlessly in front of him, a halo of light surrounding him from the small window in the door the only illumination into the room. Digging in one of the many pockets of his tac suit, Mycroft retrieved a flashlight and clicked it on, creating a concentrated circle of light. Swinging the beam back and forth, he took in the rows and rows of long, empty workbenches, supplies piled on the counters and in the cupboards lining the walls. Quietly, Mycroft stalked down the main aisle, scouring the space for a filing cabinet or desk that might hold the information he was after. Going deeper into the room he noticed another metal door at the end of the main aisle, this one without a window. He hummed quietly under his breath, considering whether he should enter the room.
“Yup!” Alice agreed. Earlier that year, one of Charlie’s classmates had revealed the Easter bunny and Santa weren’t real, but after a discussion, Charlie had agreed to play along so that Alice could still believe in the Easter bunny. Plus, he still got chocolate.
“That is not how this works and you know it, Sherlock. Stop being difficult.”
Gratefully, Mycroft followed the other man out of the building and down the block, entering a deep alley that had an unmarked ambulance parked at the end. "Thank you, report back to Anthea."
“Oh, that won’t get annoying at all,” Greg said with a wide smile.
“What’s that?” Rose asked quietly, pointing at Ollivander’s.
“What happened?” John asked brusquely, moving to Sherlock and gently taking his hand.
“Sherlock, leave her alone.” Greg walked over and pulled on Sherlock’s shoulder, prompting him to stand and take a few steps back. Greg took his place, kneeling in front of the girl but leaving a gap between them. “Can you tell us your name?”
“What is this?” John asks, running his thumb along the back of Sherlock’s hand.
“Yes, did Sherlock show you?”
“You’re okay, we’re both okay,” Sherlock murmured into his ear. He ran his hand soothingly up and down John’s back.
“How long have you been up?” John asked, pocketing his wand.
“That’s about it.”
“What colour?”
“Up we get,” Greg said, helping Mycroft to his feet and leading him towards the bedroom. “Are you okay with the bed?”
“Yes, right now.” Sherlock heard Mycroft’s fingers still on the keys of his computer, and then his footsteps nearing his door. It swung open.
“Who’s this?” John asked.
“Please, make as much noise as you want,” Mycroft murmured, leaning forward and biting playfully at Greg’s earlobe. While he was distracted, Mycroft pinched the other nipple with the other clamp, letting Greg get used to the sting. Running his finger gently over the chain, Mycroft gave a soft tug before capturing Greg’s mouth in a consuming kiss. “Now, I want you to crawl into the kitchen and make me dinner. Something simple, please. Bring it to me in the sitting room; you can stand once you get into the kitchen.” Mycroft watched his sub crawl out the door, smiling softly at the backside that greeted him. Going back over to the drawers that held their implements, Mycroft took out a small bag of rice and turned it over in his hands, feeling the hard give between his hands. Following his subs path, he made his way into the sitting room and opened the small Ziploc bag of rice, pouring it in a roughly two foot by two foot patch, trying to spread it as evenly as he could. Sitting down on the sofa, he reached for his lukewarm tea and took a sip, grimacing slightly but drinking it as he waited. He listened to the soft tinkling of knives and plates, comforted by the constant noise. A few minutes later his sub walked in, carrying a plate with a sandwich and some carrot sticks on it in one hand and a glass of water in the other. Greg paused and looked apprehensively at the patch of rice on the ground. Then, seeming to steel himself, Greg placed the plate and glass on the coffee table and kneeled resolutely on the patch of rice, resting his hands on his thighs and bowing his head. The rice dug into his knees immediately, sending small shooting stings up his kneecap and upper calf.
“Well, we should probably lay her down,” Greg moved into the living room and laid her on the sofa, Mycroft trailing behind. “Do you have a tissue? We’re going to need a tissue.”
“What’s your favourite part of staying with them?” He prompted.
“You weren’t there.” He glared at Sherlock for a moment. “She broke a mirror with her voice. She also threw toys and paints. From across the room.” He pointed to the far wall where smears of paint were slowly dripping down it. There was a small pile of toys where wall met floor.
“Of course,” he said, clearing his throat and pretending his eyes weren’t getting damp as he leaned down to kiss the top of her head. He wrapped an arm around her and Sherlock wrapped his other arm around her, and they stayed wrapped up tight until Liz fell asleep, a small smile playing on her lips.
“No, there was just a strange bloke breathing down the phone, it was starting to get a little weird,” he answered, smile evident in his tone. “So, what’s up?”
“No, of course they are important. I just feel… vulnerable.” Sherlock’s voice had gone very small, which didn’t sit well with John.
“Yeah, I’m going to carry you upstairs to bed. Mycroft’s going to be back soon.”
“Eat up,” he said to Mycroft, who sighed but picked up his cutlery.
“What- oh, hi. When did you get home?” he blinked owlishly at Mycroft.
“Please,” Sherlock said. “You are both hoping for marriage, don’t be absurd.”
“Oh boys,” she sighed, sitting at the table with them. “I’m just so happy you’re seeing sense.”
“I’ll text Hermione and coordinate when we can go school supply shopping in Diagon Alley,” John called after her, already pulling out his phone.
"Thank you, as ever, Marcia," Mycroft said softly as he handed the cool compress back to Marcia. In return, she gave him a package of ORS and a thin muslin.
“Mmm, I did the same for Harry when we were younger. I won’t put you fully under since we haven’t discussed limits or contracts or anything, but this is nice.”
There were few words in the world that John hated hearing come out of Sherlock’s mouth. Most of them were insults, and words that John knew would get his partner in trouble. It was unfortunate for John, then, that he was currently hearing most of that list trip out of Sherlock’s mouth.
“Oh, The Witch who Couldn’t See! That’s one of my favourites,” Rose said excitedly. “It’s about a witch who gest cursed by a wizard and has to find a counter-curse to get her sight back. It’s really quite exciting!”
He sat back down, opening his laptop but keeping one eye on Liz. He watched her wake fully, open and closing her eyes before sitting up and sliding off Sherlock’s lap. She kept the blanket wrapped around her.
“I think I’ll just watch,” Alice said.
“Not nearly enough,” she ground out.
“Yeah, I’m going to grab a quick shower and then I’ll be good to go,” Greg answered.
“What?” he exclaimed, outraged.
“Nope, you don’t. Now, I’ll go grab a pair of your spare pajamas and we can get you settled. I can take the sofa if you want?”
“Hey, Liz,” he said gently.
“Your reaction is gift enough,” Mycroft said. “Please just open it.”
John only spared a moment’s thought for the wet seat in the back of a cab he would never see again before surging forward, gently taking Sherlock’s arm.
The stopped by Florean’s on their way out and got large ice cream cones. They sat in front of the shop and ate them, Liz getting ice cream all over her face. She grinned and ate happily, not slowing down until the whole thing was gone. When they were all done they made their way back to The Leaky Cauldron and used Floo powder to get back to Baker Street.
“That does sound pretty funny,” Greg agreed, smiling at Alice as she appeared at the front entrance. “Hi, love,” he said.
John and Sherlock meet again and talk a little more, and Sherlock starts to be swayed. Meanwhile, Greg and Mycroft see each other for the second time in person.
Liz just looked at him, so he reached down and opened a drawer. He pulled out a box of crayons and a stack of paper and brought it over to the low table separating the chair from the sofa. He nudged them towards Liz, but otherwise didn’t say anything.
“Anal sex.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, eyes closed to maximize the sensation dancing across his back.
“Yeah, right after you went down.”
“What does that mean?” Sherlock asked, affronted.
“I’m thinking of being a surgeon, actually.”
“No, thank you,” he said quietly, pushing her hand back towards her mouth. “You eat that one.” He grabbed another one to eat for himself. “See, I’ve got my own.” Jackie finished eating her cracker, watching Greg eat his. When she was done, Greg put her on the floor with some of her toys. He let her crawl around for about an hour, keeping an eye between her and Mycroft. Mycroft barely moved, twitching a few times in his sleep but otherwise still very much asleep.
“Anal plugs, public, under clothes.”
“How are you feeling, love?” John asked.
“Oooh, pretty,” Hermione cooed. “We’re going to collect Rose and we’ll wait for you outside?”
The vase lifted into the air a few feet before settling back onto the table.
Greg grinned at Mycroft. “Yes, sir,” he said, only half teasing. A shudder went through Mycroft at the words and he let out a soft huff of breath.
“Good to know.” Mycroft took his hand back to write a note on his copy of Greg’s list. “I don’t know that I will end up using them, but it’s good to have the option.” Mycroft ran down the list once more. “As previously discussed, we will be exclusive to each other.” Greg nodded. “Now, for bathroom use control, you mention the difficulty of day-to-day activity. If we did do this type of play it would only be in a pre-planned scene that wouldn’t last more than a few hours. Some examples of what that might look like are age play where you wear a diaper, golden showers, or it could be a punishment where you’re not allowed to visit the bathroom for a certain amount of time.”
John had frozen in his seated position, tears still coursing down his face. “No,” he mumbled. “Just… give me a moment.” He buried his face in his hands, scrubbing viciously. “I can’t- I can’t handle seeing you- seeing you-“ John hiccupped around a sob, face still buried in his hands.
Still avoiding writing my uni research papers that are due in a week! So here's another chapter! It's amazing how I can hammer out 4000+ words of fanfic in a couple of days but can't do a 2000 word research paper in two weeks.
“So we’ll get legal custody of her, then?” Sherlock asked, taking the card and pocketing it.
They spent another half hour in the bookstore and, after John had fished Sherlock out from the stacks and paid for the large pile of books they had accumulated, they wandered back out down the street.
“Oh, what great news,” she sighed. “Now, you’ve told us a little bit about him, but tell us more.”
It took Liz another week to stop jumping at every small noise or movements. During that time, John and Sherlock talked to both Dr. Witter and Hermione about socializing Liz in other ways. With Dr. Witter’s approval, they had set up a date to meet Ron, Hermione and Rose in Diagon Alley for an afternoon.
Liz shook her head.
“Thank you,” John heard from behind him as he reached Sherlock’s bedroom door.
Liz shrugged and shook her head.
Sherlock was sitting and smiling as he watched John deftly change Rosie’s nappy, folding the soiled one and putting a new one on after wiping her and applying cream.
“Yeah, we can walk back.” John took the lead, and he and Hermione chatted the few blocks to Baker Street. When they got in, John put Liz down on the sofa and moved to the kitchen to get tea. He took two steps, and then stopped when he felt little arms wrap around his waist.
Mycroft debated following him for a moment before deciding against it. It was better this way, anyway. He had gotten to say goodbye to Jackie, and it wasn’t as if he was planning on not making it back. He would see them again I a few hours, a few days at most.
Greg thought it over. “I’d be okay if it was a punishment, age play is something that I would be okay doing but it doesn’t really have any particular appeal. That may change in the future but as of right now…” Greg shrugged.
“Do you mean… how often we’ve scened? Or just had straight sex? And isn’t this a little personal?” Greg asked.
“I don’t think so. Now get back in that bed.” Greg could feel his anger starting to build again.
“Yes, but they’re bogged down with paperwork right now. Unless it’s a life-threatening situation, we’re not supposed to push for expedited Traces.”
“Well Jackie, looks like it’s just you and I for now.”
“I will,” Mycroft said. They got out to the car, a non-descript black four-door, and Mycroft slung the diaper bag into the back before getting in on the driver’s side. Greg sat in the passenger’s side, Jackie firmly on his lap.
“But you bring other things to the relationship,” Mycroft insisted earnestly. “Please, let me provide this?”
“Play nice, both of you. You’re setting a bad example for the children. Alice, give Jackie to Sherlock, she seems to cheer him up.”
“What about you, Sherlock?” Violet asked of her youngest son.
Thank you, as ever, for reading!
“Um, she was running away,” John replied. “And needed to be caught.”
“True,” John conceded. “Coffee now?”
“Good.” Jackie was craning her neck, trying to locate the other voices in the room. “Yes, it is a baby, her name is Jackie. Seeing as we’re going to be here for a while, I’d like to get her out of here. Doctor, your assistance?”
“Oh really? I thought anything sugar-filled and fattening was your favourite,” Sherlock said snarkily.
“Well, we’re pretending to be a couple. We need to have a story. Are we married? Engaged? Just partners? How did we meet? Where’s our favourite place to go on dates? Whose is she?” Greg continued, pointing at Jackie, “Do we raise her together? When did we get her? Or was she yours and now we’re in a relationship and maybe I’ll help raise her one day but for now we’re seeing where it will take us?” That last scenario hit Greg too close to home. He could easily see himself integrating himself into Mycroft’s life and eventually raise Jackie alongside him.
“Wow, that’s great!” She left them once more.
“I bet that ass could use a good spanking,” the other one said, coming around to Sherlock’s other side.
“Well next time let me know if you’re related to anyone on the case.” There was no sting to the D.I.’s words.
“I never say no to Flourish and Blotts,” she answered with a grin.
"Yes, I figured as much. I remember Sherlock at around the same age."
They had reached the front of the queue and they ordered their respective drinks, Sherlock pulling out his card and swiping it. They gathered the drinks and moved to a two-person table situated by the window. They were quiet, each absorbed in their own thoughts. They sat, John restlessly checking his phone every five minutes, for about half an hour. Just when Sherlock thought he was going to go crazy and snap the phone in half, it started ringing, and John frantically fumbled with it for a moment before hitting the accept button.
“And you’ve got Sherlock to help you, too.”
Sherlock considered the blonde for a moment. “Will you be trying to dominate me while we acquire said drink?”
“Lestrade.”
“We’re going home,” Sherlock informed them.
“I text him. And I’ve got the D.I.’s number if I need to call him as well.” John reached over and took Sherlock’s hand.
“Have you talked about those feelings? It is kind of important that John be there when you need him, is it not?” Evan asked.
“Neither are you,” Mycroft insisted. “Admittedly, you were engineered as a submissive, but submissive doesn’t mean blindly obedient. It means willingly giving yourself to someone and making them happy because it makes you happy. You don’t do anything that doesn’t make you happy, alright?” Mycroft ducked his head to meet his younger brother’s eyes.
“Hello sir, we’re here with a Harrod’s delivery. Where would you like the stuff?”
“Sherlock Holmes, don’t you lie to me,” John said, his voice getting firmer.
“No, I don’t want to.”
“Yeah, yeah, I love you too,” Greg responded, leaning his forehead against Mycroft’s.
This time it wasn’t a baby crying that woke Mycroft but the soft murmur of a male voice coming from the baby monitor. Clearing the sleep from his eyes, Mycroft cursed the fact that he had slept yet another night on a sofa. He moved stiffly to Jackie’s room, pausing in the doorway to take in the sight before him. Gregory was at Jackie’s crib and had her in his arms, slowly rocking her back and forth as he murmured gently to her.
“Goodnight.”
“He wasn’t too terrible,” Sherlock commented after the boy had left.
“Please.”
“I never did,” he mumbled.
“Not really, no,” Sherlock said.
“Yeah, this is going to work out just fine,” Greg sighed. “But we should probably talk a little more before getting too lost in,” here he gestured between the two of them, “this.”
“Did your research?” John asked as Mycroft walked over to Liz, awkwardly giving her the box. It was wrapped in thick gold wrapping paper with a red ribbon. Liz tore the sides carefully, slipping the box out of the paper. It was a small velvet jewelry box with a simple latch on the front.
“Yes, it is the best way to go unnoticed.” Although Mycroft could think of several different ways they could go into town without pretending to be a couple, Mycroft chose not to mention them. It was easier this way, he told himself.
“Yeah?” he said shortly.
“Are you excited for tomorrow?” Greg asked Mycroft.
“You’ve done remarkably well, considering,” John said, impressed.
Mycroft looked down at Jackie, who had started crying louder at John’s raised voice. Mycroft bounced her up and down, standing and walking around. He shushed quietly in her ear as he paced around his kitchen. He felt hateful tears building in his eyes as he looked down at the baby who had wormed her way behind his icy barriers in a record few days. He felt ripped apart by the hurt and betrayal that had shone in Jackie’s tearful eyes as she had slammed her tiny fists against his chest. Her sobs had not stopped and had only dropped slightly in intensity and Mycroft was getting worried. She was starting to feel warm against his cheek, and he didn’t know if it was because she was crying or because she was reacting t the vaccination.
“And so you had two children- one dominant, and one submissive,” he continued for his mother. She nodded in response. “And I’m the submissive, aren’t I?” he asked, already knowing the answer. Both his parents nodded in response this time.  “And, what, I’m just supposed to find someone to boss me around while I clean the house and tell me I’m a good boy for the rest of my life?” Sherlock screeched, in full panic mode. Replaying his youth, he started making connections that previously had slipped his attention. “So that playgroup when we were young…?”
“I’d like to go to sleep now.”
“Thank you, doctor,” Mycroft said, walking towards the bed and sitting in one of the chairs pulled up to the side of the bed.  Dr. Michaels shook John’s hand before leaving the room. John and Greg pulled chairs up to the other side of the bed and sat, and they all waited. Mycroft was near the foot of the bed, and there was enough room to sit Jackie on it. Pulling a few blocks from the diaper bag, Mycroft sat them beside Jackie on the bed. Leaning forward, she grabbed one in each hand and picked them up, banging them together.
Mycroft brought the glass to his lips, taking a small sip. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
“That seems fair to me,” Mycroft agreed immediately. “So we are agreed on this flat?”
The three of them sat in comfortable silence for a moment, Liz holding on to each of their hands. John turned on the telly, flicking through channels until he found a suitably crap show. Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes but settled in, slinging his arm over the back of the sofa and playing with the hair at the nape of John’s neck. John looked over and smiled gently, leaning over Liz to peck Sherlock on the lips before settling back in, leaning into his touch.
“Fascinating. You know I have textbooks, right?”
“John, how did you feel when you first discovered you had magic?”
Liz closed it reluctantly, nestling it close to her face and whispering “Lumos” into her hands.
“Sherlock texted me to come by after work. I saw the body. You got any leads?” Greg, who had momentarily forgotten about the suspended body, took a moment to take John in. He seemed nervous, eyes darting around the room.
“You were just shot, you’re going to need a little more than toast.”
Sherlock groaned but complied, standing up groggily. John walked him over to the side of the bed and laid him down on his front.
“Ooow,” Jackie said slowly, reaching out for the plastic figurine.
“Sorry, sorry, sorry,” she said, hands fisting into the cushions on either side of her.
“Two.” John crosses his arms.
“When did you last eat?” Greg asked quietly. Mycroft looked like a spooked animal, standing in front of the door but ready to bolt at any second.
Sherlock was unimpressed and, with a thunderous expression darkening his features, he sprung up and raced to his room, slamming the door behind him. Throwing himself onto his bed, Sherlock stared at the ceiling before bringing his hands up to his mouth and falling into his Mind Palace, tears coursing slowly down his cheeks.
“Oh, we’ll be taking care of
The older man stepped in closer. “Yes, I’m August Doyle, Senior FBI Agent for this area. My partner and I have a few questions for a Mr….” he consulted his notepad, “Sherlock Holmes. Would Mr. Holmes happen to be in, by any chance?”
“Shut up, John. This is for a scientific study.”
“I’m almost afraid to ask.”
. He missed the sounds that Sherlock made when they kissed; soft, quick moans in the back of his throat as their lips played over each other, the heartfelt sighs when they finally broke apart, and that deep, reverberating purr of a voice murmuring “I love you, John. Take me to bed. I’m yours.”
“FINE! THEN SHALL WE GET TO IT?”
“Foolishly. I could have controlled Magnussen.”
“Oh, shit, baby, yeah, keep going…keep…ahhhhh…it’s fucking amazing…”
Long-suffering “ye-e-es..?”
>>>***<<<
was a shoulder and shook gently.
The sound of two bodies falling onto the bed, followed by “This mattress is going to owe you, big time.”
“Sherlock, why don’t we go down to the shady end of the pool and you can sit there and soak your back and legs in the cold water. It’ll take a lot of the sting out of…”
calm down,
somehow? A miscalculation on my part, perhaps…?” He rose up on his elbows and rested a slender, inquiring hand on John’s chest. “Why are you…?”
Ignoring him, John said, in a quiet voice, “There are many different kinds of love, Rosie. Sherlock and I love each others as
He removed Sherlock’s cooled mug of tea from his thigh and placed it on the bedside table. Then he dragged his lover over to him, hugging him tightly and planting a kiss on his be-fringed forehead. “Do you think I would trade you for
“Same.” A test rattle. “Quite secure, too. Not old, fairly new purchase—no rust or creaks to indicate age and wear. This is a recent setup.”
of them.
Dr. George Mayer readjusted his bent glasses and settled them, still slightly askew, on the bridge of his nose before answering. “Well, actually, John, I had wanted your opinion because of your close association with Mr. Sherlock Holmes. I figured that, seeing as how you have seen
“Too late,” a sleepy voice chimed in from behind him.
“An innocent man was executed because of me,” Sherlock rapped out, obviously upset. One hand shook slightly, rattling the china cup and saucer together.
again, weren’t you? Women in...” Sherlock cut himself off, then drew himself up to his full height in his indignation. “Why?” he spat, his normally beautiful face screwed up in anger. “Are you
“We’ll need a distraction,” Sherlock observed. “Why don’t we send the Doggo out to shit on one of the Storm Troopers? That would do it.”
“Oh.”
Sherlock reeled as if struck in the face. He knew John’s anger was easily charged, but the sheer
“Yes. Yes, all right. We’ll be right there,” Sherlock said as he repocketed his phone. John grabbed his arm. The look on his face said everything.
genius.”
After their escape, John and Sherlock must come to a new understanding of their relationship and deal with the repercussions of their ordeal.
John could feel the sulk returning, so he countered with nuzzles, hugs, and kisses as he urged Sherlock to continue.
when I saw her in the hallway afterwards.”
. I tried to intervene one time; he broke my arm for my troubles. She left soon after, went to live with friends. That’s where she met her now-former wife, Clara.”
John’s laptop flashed on, courtesy of yours truly.
Translations/corrections courtesy of Kaizokou_Emerald_Hime and chocolamousse of AO3.
he’d send us a video of it, if we’re interested.”
“Too many clothes,” his lover growled. “Take them off.
Sherlock looked away and replied, “The first time we met, I had just finished beating a corpse down in the morgue. How did you feel about that, when you found out?”
for their honeymoon. He was barefooted and his hair was tousled but, other than that, was the same supercilious git John had fallen in love with all those years ago. He stood, arms crossed, waiting for a response.
‘Why?”
“Yes, you are,” the little blonde insisted. She raised her small hand and touched Sherlock’s cheek with a finger. “You’re crying. The tears are right
John nodded. “Just like.”
“Not…not as bad as it could have been…”
, direct to her account, so she’s taken care of. What do
“Sherlock!” a muffled but familiar voice cried out. “Sherlock! Where are you?”
did.” He stood back, hands clasped in front of him, and stated, simply, “No one judges here. If I wanted to wear a Ziegfield Follies costume around, I could and no one would say a word. It’s
Turning her eyes back to her phone, Anthea stated, “Well, well, it looks like Mycroft would like to have a word with you, after all.” She glanced at John before saying, “I do
John nodded absently, his eyes still unfocused. “Yeah, maybe you’re right. Send me the evidence once you get it, yeah?”
“FUCK ME, SHERLOCK HOLMES! RIGHT FUCKING NOW!” John howled.
a very nice man...”
this time. I told you the last time, remember? I told you to include me in your plans. I told you
Sherlock cocked his head. “How is it fair that you show me how to love and then withhold it from me? How fair is it that you hold me—and yourself--to a rigid standard that can never be met?” He paused, then asked, thoughtfully. “Do you think me perfect, John?”
Good boy, Sherlock! Grab your magnifier! Look closer! Closer...look at my eye…
No, you did not say that. Tell me you did not say that, Mycroft.
“But he is a good and honorable man who would defend her from both her enemies and her so-called ‘friends’ alike,” he finished.
cries. Sherlock has no feelings, no emotions…
sociopath of the family?
“When you and Sherlock have are affectionate or have sex, who is usually the dominant party?”
“Poor Daddy,” Rosie whispered as her eyes welled up with tears. Sherlock grabbed a tissue and daubed them away.
John read the words and nodded. “Yes, that area is still not functioning correctly and your brain has rerouted your speech pathways elsewhere,
“Fucking bastard! Tried to shoot…Get him, Bry!” The driver yelled, trying to climb over the front seat to join in the fight. Sherlock fought like a tiger, even biting the man’s wrist to get him to relinquish the gun. Brian screamed in pain as his brother grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s luxurious hair and pulled…
Our favorite Sex Holiday couple must deal with the aftermath of their risky venture of the day before.
have I
“Oh, does there seem to be a problem?” Sherlock inquired, all innocence.
“Um, uh, yeah, it...it
“That bloody bastard,” Sherlock swore. “He
John clenched a fist. “You don’t know
“I’m sorry, John.” Quietly and with remorse.
Sherlock shrugged again. “To dull the pain, as I said. You know I hate repeating myself, John.” He uncrossed his long legs and sat up straighter in his chair. “If you had decided to indulge in your favorite pastime with a woman like Della, which seems to provide you with more comfort than any other types of encounters,” again, there was acid in the words, “then I would have required some surcease from pain as I dealt with it.” He held up his hand and, in yet another feat of legerdemain, produced a new vial between two extended fingers. “Perhaps this would not have been enough. No matter,” he added as he closed his hand again and yet another vial appeared.
“Of course, John,” Sherlock laughed. “I did this for you, too.”
supposed to get tired of you? Right now, my cock is trying to burrow its way through my fly to flag you down! If you become any more ‘interesting’, I’m going to end up in hospital!”
“Doesn’t want to go, eh?” Lestrade chuckled. “Not surprised.”
“Makes Miss Adler a dull, boring, pathetic little excuse for a human being,” Sherlock finished for her through a haze of pain. He was rewarded by another slap across the face.
Silver eyes didn’t waver. “One is sufficient to create a very pleasant state of dissociation from this world lasting several hours. Two, unconscious state for about a day. Three...” Sherlock smiled blankly. “Possible eternal sleep in the arms of Morpheus.” He pulled his hand away from John’s and opened it, revealing three vials between his fingers. “However, four, if you want to make sure you’re never revived by medical means.” A flourish of his hand and a fourth vial appeared between his thumb and hand.
Two heads swung around to behold a very sleepy Rosie watching them from heavily-lidded eyes. “Papa wants you to kiss him, Daddy. He told me so.”
will get worse before it gets better,” Sherlock observed, dourly.
He cast his mind back. He had broken up with Sarah in Australia, after they had had sex and he, unknowingly, had called her Sherlock when he came. She hadn’t much appreciated that. “The One with the Spots”, as Sherlock had called her (God, he couldn’t even remember her name now), got tired of him dropping her off at home whenever Sherlock had called him for a case, and “The One with the Nose” (Shirley? Sherry? Charlotte? Shit…) disliked Sherlock so much she refused to come around to 221B at all (much to Sherlock’s delight), so they always met for a date somewhere else, where she would spend all the time they weren’t fucking complaining about his flatmate and his rudeness. John had finally decided that the one he could do without was Nose-lady and had ended the relationship. And, finally, Jeanette, who had, in reality, just been a physical stand-in for Sherlock, and someone he had totally ignored whenever Sherlock was around. She had been the one who had pointed out his unfortunate predilection toward “making her (and, by extension, all the others) compete with Sherlock Holmes”. She had also pointed out what a great boyfriend he was—to Sherlock. Between that, and Irene’s observation about John and Sherlock being a couple, John’s entire worldview had been suddenly turned upside down.
you were. And then, my God, you had the temerity to choose that pint-sized, needle-dicked doctor over
The bundle moved and squirmed, stretching out its legs a bit while mumbling something in an irritable tone. It tried to buck John off, without success. John could be quite tenacious, once provoked. More mumbling ensued.
Damn you, Sherlock. Did you experiment on me? Did you give me something as a test? Did you? DID YOU?!
She practically fluttered her long eyelashes at him. “Do you worry about me too, Papa?” she said, endearingly.
“Comfy?”
A humming assent could be heard from the bobbing head beneath the covers.
Before he could say anything, Rosie stated, in a flat, hostile tone, “You’re late.”
,” he drawled as his eyeballs drew an elegant arc in the air. John smirked; he
“Can’t hear you, not with your head under the blankets,” John pointed out, reasonably.
A tiny, muffled voice from beneath the covers said, pointedly, “It’s
“And that you would always keep me informed,” John continued, pointing his shaking index finger in Sherlock’s face.
A smile quirked at one edge of Sherlock’s full lips. “Did you know that Moriarty called me ‘Sir Boast-a-lot’?”
“We’ll discuss this once I have Rosie dressed and in bed,” Sherlock said.
should talk, you with that ragtag band of rebels. How
He tried to shift his limbs to assess his physical status but they, too, seemed to be tightly bound. Also, judging from the gentle movement of warm air on his skin, he was obviously quite naked. Not that Sherlock ever really cared about things like that—he viewed his body as transport, nothing more, and the fact that he was lean, long-limbed, and agile meant that he could move faster and with more precision than most people, something he could do naked
,” he said, cocking an eyebrow at Sherlock, who blushed appropriately. John ran his fingers down Sherlock’s face, over those magnificent cheekbones, and down to his plump lips, which he kissed once again. “You are the most
Sides? What kind of stupid bed has sides? A hospital bed? A box-bed of some sort?
“Seems he’s working for a couple of brothers, late-20’s, early-30’s, who just recently put together a drug syndicate based on one that had existed here before and had been run by their father.”
John rubbed the back of his head awkwardly. “Well, you know, those last minute walk-ins...”
The pairing was perfect. The army interpreter was able to keep up with Sherlock’s quick patter and translated his words exactly,
one seems to be. She actually rated us a
Sherlock sat on the couch, his arms resting on his spread knees, fingers interlaced, thinking. Would John leave for good, or was this just a temper tantrum? He wasn’t sure, and not knowing was something Sherlock Holmes detested above
Holding up a hand, John said, “Don’t worry about it, Greg. I know Sherlock would want me to continue The Work, so I’m good.”
your fault. It was
The doctor stepped forward and raised a finger for attention. “If I may…” and waited. When John and Mycroft turned to face him, he continued. “I believe I may have a possible answer. Due to the diffuse nature of the injuries to his brain, some of the bleeds must have occurred near or in a vital language center. If Mr. Holmes,” he nodded his head toward Sherlock, “knows multiple languages, some linguistic connections may have been corrupted or rerouted, causing him to use a secondary language as means of expression when the primary is unavailable.”
“No hay problema, rest a bit then you can both join me for a good meal - I want to know details about Mr Baker’s next novel! - and a vehicle will be ready for you.”
"But it's perfect you know, Mary deserves everything and more..."
Remaining silent for a while, Sherlock finally acknowledges his brother's offer. "Thanks My', I will come to your home tonight, do not worry. I just need time to think... And tomorrow --"
Chuckling again, John shakes his head theatrically. “No, you can’t!”
Knocking lightly on the door he asks
"You've got to have an incentive to be married to an Ho --" the woman mutters before being cut short by her boss.
"Maybe you can make a career of it!" Mike smiles "Got another colleague, no, not really a colleague of mine... anyway. I know someone who is really into all these things. His name is Sherlock Holmes, he works with Scotland Yard and on private cases. Have you heard of him?"
"It's you..." John says, his voice shaking. "I... I... don't understand. How is this possible?"
He was leaving but stops when Greg adds slowly, "he's been with us since we came back from our honeymoon..."
Also, this is a bit trickier, and understand that it's nothing to be worried about. But, yesterday - wanting to understand why he was pulled by the few things he knew about you - he suddenly decided to go to Yaverland. He's the man who stood in front of your house for a minute or so, before rushing away back to London, afraid of having acted like a fool.  He told us that you were with a woman and that you looked loved. He's sincerely happy for you I think, even if we are sad that he closed himself off again so quickly.
With a chuckle, he picked up his coat, cane, and tea and stepped outside into the night.
“Why? What do you want to talk to me about…? There’s nothing to say.”
“What are you talking about, Donovan?” Sherlock swallows with difficulty, trying to think about what he said, what he’s done. The fear of John being alone, hurt, needing help. “He should have waited for clearance --”
"John, are you all right?" To the doctor, the concern in Sherlock's smooth voice was the most erotic thing ever.
More than fine.
“I  feel pretty old some days too, but when I am near you my weariness disappears. Can’t you see? You won’t be able to find anything that I don’t love. Sometimes you may be annoyingly cute but nothing will push me away.” With one last small step, he was able to stand near the object of his desire, feeling his presence as if it were a magnetic field. He murmured lovingly, “I was totally gone on you since the first day, but you were so bloody perfect that I nearly felt as if you weren’t honest with me... As if you were constantly wearing a mask. That you were too good for me. When you started to be a bit of a jerk sometimes, a bit lost in your thoughts instead of always being so considerate, that is when I knew it was possible. That is when I fell in love with you irremediably. When you opened up to me, when you showed your true self to me, that’s when I knew that our two
Already on edge, he really didn’t like to be touched except in a fight, Sherlock nearly jumps when a voice enters his ear thru the nearly invisible receiver.
lol no, of course, not. It’s Sherlock GL
“Ohhhhh, in love, really?” For all the discussion about adventures with men or girlfriends, having John H. Watson talking of love was quite new.
Yes, I know... I'm physically unable to write a nice Mary...
"I know love, but I only want him to be as happy as we are." She looks at Clara with fondness as she murmurs, "and being stuck there doesn't help! Half of the population, especially this time of year, is over sixty! It's why he was able to find a job so easily. He craves action, which is why he went in the army!"
Sherlock was well aware of his flaws. He didn’t fool himself. He knows how unlikable he is...
Shit! Another of your lunatics!
am too emotional!" He turns on himself to look at the few people around them
Sherlock was about to get another talk down when he was saved by the bell. Literally.  Laughing, the old lady goes down the stairs to open the door to John.
Moran, calm and composed, nods and turns towards his boss little project,
It was wonderful.
Sherlock, now fully awake, looks at the man in front of him and confirms at once that the deductions he made after his first glimpse of the man that night at the pub was accurate: He is the well-known gun to hire, if usually quite difficult to locate, Sebastian Moran.  Waiting for the dangerous man to open the hostilities, he remains silent.
Trying to stay silent was hard and he continues fidgeting, playing the violin on his armrest.
“… yes.”
His head was spinning, the paracetamol doing little to relieve his constant pain. But it was okay. The pain was okay. The pain was the proof that he was alive. With the last drop of energy left in him, he rises slowly helping himself into the chair near his bed. The brand new walker was right beside his bed but he didn't need it.
! Fortunately, he was sensible enough and took a shower before dropping in his bed and wasn’t stinking of stale alcohol.  Looking at the hour, he decides that it would have to be enough if he wants to be able to go asleep tonight! Jumping from the bed, really slowly and massaging his bad shoulder, he grabs his phone before going into the kitchen for a coffee.
As everybody cheers, John and Mary - now husband and wife - walk back down the aisle together.   Watching the newlyweds, Greg was nervous as if something was bound to happen! He nearly jumps when a hand touches his. "Mycroft! What are you doing here?"
Why? SH
And peaceful.
The notion that he may have changed since his college years never crosses his mind.
Both trying to stay (remotely) serious, they walk up to Mycroft's car before their little moment was broken by Anthea.
"... I know that you are eager to be alone with my brother." He shudders theatrically. "So, I'm going to my room to pack right --"
you are listening to me?” She smiled and repeated, “I said that you must not use your psychic parlour trick to make them love you if at all possible if you do it is not fair!“ Frowning as he opened his mouth to protest, she quickly added, “and why are you so distant? You must engage more with people, you know. It’s a pub, not a battlefield of some sort.”
“No, no one...” he muttered, his nose in his beer, “don’t think it’s for me anyway!”
"John is no damsel in distress," Sherlock rises slowly, keeping his hands still on his side. "He will be able to survive a bit of bad publicity."
before putting his phone back in his pocket. "Coffee?"
“Yes,” John chuckled, intimidated but captivated by the man in front of him. “I was only introducing myself. So, I’ll do it again, right?” Extending his hand, he started all over again. “Hi, my name is John Watson,” nodding in the direction of the bar, he added timidly, “may I buy you a drink?”
"Yeah," he mumbles, "and one day I'm going to wake up with new memories. As if the war just never happened." Looking into his sister-in-law's eyes with a sad smile. "Anyway... I don't think I am in the right mindset to find the love of my life right now."
"I created an account for him on the site, under the name LondonSleuth." She opens the account and turns the computer in direction of the DI. "Here you go... you can read it if you want!"
Carefully lifting his cup to his lips, Sherlock asks again "Okay, so... What about him? Except for the fact that he's probably devastated, he loves her and..."
Smiling, the doctor sat in a stool next to his friend, now editor. It was still weird for him to have a business relationship with his university mate, Mike… but he accepted the drink with a good spirit and lifted his glass at the glory of his hero success.  Not really listening to Stamford babbling about book clubs and paperback re-editions, the familiar feeling of being a fraud seized his mind.
"Are you going to go to Sara's family for Christmas?" Harry asks with a little smirk.
Rolling his eyes, Mycroft chuckles before pulling out a file from his cabinet.
"Don't you see it!"
John, follows close behind still confused as ever. "What are you talking about... where's Mary? I won't go anywhere until someone explains what's going on!"
Sherlock, with help from John, finds the link between the two victims (even though at first, John is somewhat disappointed that the detective didn’t tell him about his friend).
A small one... Went to the movies last night to see Midsummer's Night Dream with Gwendoline Christie and it was marvellous! But I am a little late, sorry!
Ladies and gentlemen: Doctor John H. Watson
I trust Mike's judgment, he's a good down to earth guy. If he said that we can get along without killing each other, I believe him.
"You read that, oh, god!" Opening the door, he grins as the comforting warmth of the pub engulfs them.
His mind couldn’t push the idea away, but his guts were screaming that it was impossible!
“JOHHHHHN! SHOWER! You’ve got 8 minutes now!!”
"Okay..." The detective rolled his eyes at his friend's nonsensical words and the fact that he was actually drooling on his shirt. "perfect... yes... you do that. Come inside would you?" He helped John up the stairs and was about to continue one more floor up to John's bedroom when the doctor pushed the door of their shared living room. "John... It's better if you go to bed, don't you think?"
"I know, but if it's dangerous for me..."
lie, nobody is going to know.
“WHAT’S HAPPENING NOW! I’ve got work to –”
Everything falls into place in a blink.
Paralyzed at first, Sherlock pushes his panic away and rolls his eyes at the lack of subtlety and utters icily, “you have nothing that can be of interest to me,” and pushes the man away before going on with his day.
"Who would want me as a flatmate, Stamford, be realistic." He turns to walk toward the door. "I'm going to the mortuary, I forgot my riding whip." With a flourish, he exits the lab.
Ms. Hudson, who was in the kitchen making tea, frowns at his uncustomary outburst."Language, young man!"
Laughing, Mycroft presses his husband forward to move him towards the door. "Don't be greedy, love, you need to eat first. You skipped your breakfast this morning."
“No, no, it won’t be necessary. Don’t worry. It’s so sad, poor man, so pathetic that story of how his soldier boyfriend died of an overdose...” He knows he is fibbing,
“I’m sure that it’s not that bad, talk to me, my boy.”
"Hum, you read that, dear?" Mycroft smirks at his brother's last words.
"Okay love... everything is ready. You just have to take a shower, change into your own clothes and we are ready to go." Helping his husband out of the borrowed outfit, he states in a hush, "let's go home."
“Go away, Wilkes, ‘not your business!”
As the car turns into Battersea Station, John rolls his eyes at the theatricality of the setup. He knew the possibility that he could be kidnapped by the drug dealers was high, but he wasn’t that worried.
. His stomach flips as the music starts,
The Skype window turns black as the Londoners quit the conversation. John, lost in his thoughts, steps outside his little house and walks slowly in direction of the sea.
"You are nervous... that means it's someone important." She chuckles merrily.
Oh, it's you. SH. Great. Mike Stamford gave me your cell number
"Yes, I know... the line between what you should and shouldn't talk about... I usually do not talk about feelings and such, so, it feels kind of useless, you know? Especially as nothing is happening in my life that is worthy of a blog post." After a few sips, he asks, "anyway, how did you stumble upon it? It's not like I publicized it or something!"
Are you always such a git?
They were in a grubby but warm pub, the small gathering an occasion to celebrate the doctor’s new position in a nearby surgery. After a tough year full of therapy sessions and physiotherapy, he was finally in a better place. Physically and mentally.
Not paying attention to the whereabouts of the people around him in the busy establishment, he thinks about what he learned today. First, a young brilliant Chemistry student apparently committed suicide two years ago with what he now knows is a drug that hit the streets only in the last year.
"Not if I find him the right one, the one that is going to be... 'magic'!" With a sweet but definitely mocking smile to her wife, she lifts her arms to do jazz hands at her before Clara smashes her with one of the sofa cushions. "Oie!"
“Shut up Mike,” John chuckles, admitting for a small moment that he is lost to the lanky git in his arms, “help me to get him to a surgery.”
Sliding next to John and changing his longer stride to match John’s shorter one, he murmurs in his ear, “they are going to say, ‘You are going to meet the love of your life today’.”
If you are curious, look at my previous effort, something completely different with darling little Rosie!: The mischievous fairies (Fictober 2018)
As his boss was looking a bit lost - an unusual occurrence but generally linked to Sherlock's actions - Simpson took charge. "Maxwell, watch the security footage from 15 minutes ago and keep an eye on the door in case it's a ruse." Turning towards Holmes he asks politely, "I'll check the house to be sure, Sir?"
“Yes, yes, let’s go to my office.”  Greg nervously puts down his coffee and leads the way to his office. As soon as the door closes after the two men, Mycroft attacks.
“Yes?” Certain that it was a hospital official or worse, security, John turns to face the man. Instantly feeling every inch as old, disheveled, hungover and sleep deprived that he is. The tall man is so clean and proper that it was hurting his eyes.
Shaking, not believing what's going on, Sherlock stutters "you... too?"
"Don't know... Or maybe I thought it was ridiculous to let something as
"How did you do that?"
And now he found himself on a temporary leave from work with full salary and benefits without an official return date, thanks to Mycroft probably.
"No, for a genius, you are very slow. The idea is for you to kill yourself, but if needs must..." Her little gun was pointing at Sherlock's head.
Chuckling, John tried to stay serious. “Faking to amputated a patient, Isn’t a bit strange for a date? Shouldn’t we go to a movie or something?”
Locking his eyes on Mary's he tried to find something to hang on to. She was smiling benevolently, lovingly.
Looking at the gate, John read the sign out loud, “The Old Operating Theatre,” before looking back at Sherlock. “This is marvellous! I heard about this place, are we really going to go in?”
John turned to walk around the car when his phone rings. It was an unknown number. “Yes?”
“You aren’t that impressive; can I go now? Or do I have to pass a test with your parents also?”
He was lost again in his thought, counting the number of flowers he was able to see through the window panes first then at establishes how many shades of pink were present -
Even if his friend is only a bit more rested, he is painfully cheerful. He grins and winks, "hey mate, how are you? What a night!" The good night of sleep was the only reason why he is looking marginally better than his friend.
Of course, I am not an amateur. MH
“We are going to find you someone, right now!” Murray laughed, unsteady on his feet as he stood up a bit too quickly.
“What are you talking about –“ John started before he realized who he was talking about.
No, I’ve changed my mind, I’m going to talk to him in the other room.”
"What? Do you have a case?" The detective's eagerness was false, nicely done but definitely fake.
Curious, the doctor asked as if it was a spur of the moment question when he actually thought about it since he arrived, “yes, maybe. I’ve seen pamphlet about vampirism in the reception room, do we take care of them also or is it only to help your clients on how to deal with them?”
He was starting to get cold, his scarf and hands in his pocket weren't enough to keep him warm, but it was better than any of the alternatives. He grunts at the thought of being at home with his parents and Mycroft... His brother insisted, of course, but he wasn't in the mood for it.
“This one’s nice,” Greg commented, sticking his hands in his pockets and wandering over to a painting of a skyline on one of the living room walls.
John turned to Lacey. “You’ve got my number, yeah?”
