The layout is the same as the Muggle Speedy’s, but the décor is different: more mismatched chairs, moving photographs on the walls, and a Security Sneakoscope over the door as well as a bell. John ushers Sherlock into a seat approximately where he would usually sit if they were in Muggle space and goes to the counter to order them drinks. A pumpkin fizz for himself and a mug of soothing nettle tea for Sherlock. He even scrapes together a measly tip for the Hogwarts-age witch behind the counter, who looks unimpressed at the single Knut and Muggle five pence piece.
“You love me?” It’s small, and wondering. Like the genius Sherlock Holmes can’t wrap his mind around a new piece of data.
“What do you mean?” he asks absently, as he starts caring for Sherlock’s injuries, dabbing tenderly at the cuts and scrapes, not meeting the boy’s penetrating gaze.
So, no, the customers, no matter how foreign their culture seems, aren’t a problem. It’s the dastardly complicated machinery and Muggle ephemera that have him stymied.
not convincing, and Sherlock is utterly charmed. He glances over to the John beside him to find him fully buried in his hands, ears turning the same bright shade of red as he is on screen.
“Oh, of course! That must be Holmes. The new kid, think he’s in my advanced chem section. He’s not usually wearing…that.” Holmes is wearing a crop top and the tiniest purple rugby shorts John has ever seen. Not exactly practical for the brisk fall weather, and they make the boy look like he’s mostly legs. He doesn’t have proper cleats either, just a pair of scuffed up trainers with rainbow laces.
He feels under dressed. Maybe he should’ve worn the one with the tie after all, but he’d been nervous and the soft satin feel of his favorite purple button-down had been calling out to him.
John knows that accidental magic is related to outbursts of strong emotion, and John has been known to have problems with it in the past. But not for years. When John was little, his temper tantrums had been fearsome. Harry had been the same. Over time, their mum figured out that if she dressed them up in Quidditch leathers and put them each on a broomstick that John and his sister could vent all of that negative emotional energy on the pitch. It had worked to quell John’s temper all through Hogwarts... except for that one time in sixth year when he’d been benched by an injury and Anderson had been being a prick and John had accidentally set the hem of his robe on fire in the middle of Divination.
Later that night, they’re walking to Molly’s house for a movie and to exchange gifts. Sherlock catches John staring at a window full of fancy, fair-trade chocolates.
“Mary!” John said, voice dangerously close to a whine, “The reason I asked you to be my pretend girlfriend is to
Maybe it was a sign. That with Sherlock he could be different. It’s silly, and he’s way ahead of himself considering he failed Divination in school, but he still feels a twinge of excitement at the thought. John licks his lips, and wonders how he might persuade Sherlock into giving him a try. No matter what happens, John has a feeling this is going to be exciting.
“Oh, John! You cut your hair. It looks very handsome.” She looks knowingly at him. “Special occasion?”
“John,” groans James. “I’ve seen pictures of this Victor bloke. He’s a John 2.0, total look-alike. Our boy is obviously pining for you,
“He’s out in the…why hasn’t he come in?” John cried, neck craning for a glimpse out the small window in his door, as if Sherlock might be standing there. How long had Sherlock been sitting outside, mere feet away and not coming to see John?
“Can he-?” he asks Irene, glancing at her for confirmation. She makes an annoyed grunt noise that John takes to mean, ‘shut up, I’m busy,’ as the opening bars of
Sherlock throws his arms around both of their necks for a quick hug, before straightening. “I’m going to call him now!”
Thank you so much to everyone who read this story, and especially to those of you leaving comments along the way! I am astonished at the response I've gotten from you all.
Silence settles comfortably between them, and John puts down his wine and folds his hands in his lap, leaning toward Sherlock.
“Where’d you learn to shoot?” Sherlock asks, wanting to talk but still cautious. He has only a handful of hours to find a way to slip in “oh and by the way I have a massive crush on you.”
For a moment, John considers letting the subject drop. Then he changes his mind and asks, “And the lipstick marks? Were those Molly too?”
They have had five more “dates” since Angelo’s, and have spent every weekend mooning across the Speedy’s counter at each other. Three of the six dates included chasing down a criminal, and two had included a romantic meal, and one a trip to the cinema. Irene and Bill think they’re disgusting, and Mike thinks they’re sweet. John had even asked Mrs. Hudson to split his paychecks into Galleons and British pounds, so that he could treat Sherlock to a night out once or twice a week, depending on whether or not Sherlock allowed him to pay his half.
Sherlock looks thoughtfully at John. “You’re hiding something,” he announces. “Something significant.”
On the positive side, John has only had to use magic four times this morning to correct his mistakes or to prevent near-disaster, and he’s pretty sure Irene only caught him the once. John counts this as a definite improvement over yesterday.
“What?” Sherlock rinses his mouth quickly so he can come look at the tablet Irene is scrolling through.
Sherlock beams and takes both his hands to pull him onto the dance floor. Sherlock is in his element here, without all the strict moves that Greg imposes on them night after night. He improvises fluidly with the pounding of the music, unrestrained and graceful and gorgeous, and John does his best just to keep up. He keeps his hands on Sherlock’s waist or back or shoulders at all times, unwilling to let him more than a foot away.
“Thank you places,” the group chorused back. John added his own (slightly delayed) thanks. It seemed there were still plenty of traditions to learn in theatre. At least for this one he got to stay inside.
His obsession had certainly mellowed in the intervening years, but not his attraction to the blond boy-turned-man. Because when he had turned 18, John Watson’s contract had ended, he'd signed with a new label, and his image had changed completely. Harry Watson left the public eye and by age 20, John Watson is known as London’s bad-boy. Now, he features on magazine covers in nothing but red pants. He gets spotted around London clubs with a different partner every weekend. His music videos are darker, sexier. And he does it all looking unforgivably
His and Irene’s broomsticks are leaning against the wall beside their traveling cloaks. There’s a jar of Floo Powder on the mantel and Bill’s owl is sleeping on the perch in her cage.
John starts backwards like he hadn’t expected the question. “Um. I would say—that is to say,” John is brushing a hand through his hair nervously on the screen, stuttering as he tries to put together a coherent response. “Well, there’s someone. I mean we- he and I- we haven’t—“ There are cat-calls from the audience as Conan looks between John and them, delighted. “I mean – I don’t kiss and tell?” John tries as a last attempt to gather the tatters of his celebrity façade with a weak smile and face flaming.
Irene laughs merrily. “Oh no, Sherlock is gayer than a Billywig. But he hasn’t dated anyone since I first met him three years ago. Not since his childhood sweetheart broke his heart.” There’s a sad smile on Irene’s face.
“You’re right! Definitely the blue.” She shoves the shirt against John’s chest and claps her hands together. “Now get dressed! You only have five minutes to get back to Baker Street. It’ll be suspicious enough as it is that you had time to get dressed and have a haircut so quickly.” Irene shepherds Bill and Mike out of the room to give John some privacy.
The rest of the dancers are already there, dressed in their work-out clothes: some cross-legged on the floor, others standing around casually in loose groups. No sign of Lestrade, yet. John automatically gravitates to Sherlock, who is slouched against a wall and snugly wrapped in an enormous grey hoodie, and drags Irene along with him.
He continues to talk nonsense as the parking lot fills and empties out, praises Sherlock’s breathing until the panic passes and everything is quiet again. Sherlock tips sideways, leaning onto the side of his car as all the pressure finally leaves his body. He doesn’t pull his arms away from John, who continues to stroke him.
“Eh, I’m pretty sure she was using me to get to David,” John replies, tilting his head towards one of the mid-year counselors.
,” Sherlock says. John’s jaw snaps shut. Sherlock leans in and presses his lips to John’s, a single chaste point of contact between their bodies. “
“Nah. I spoke to a recruiter and he said the army would probably want to train me as a GP, but I want to specialize. Surgery, if I’m good enough, but that means I have to pay my own way. The job this summer was a real stroke of luck. It was either this or stripping.”
Soon enough Mrs. Hudson told the crew to take an hour for dinner and to rest up. John was bored, killing time in the cafeteria—adjacent to the theatre and used as additional ‘backstage’ area—before Greg called everyone back.  He was picking the cuffs at his (brand new for backstage) long-sleeve black shirt when Sherlock slid into the seat opposite him.
Their car has just pulled up to the curb when they exit the airport, a familiar driver coming out to open the door, when Sherlock hears a shriek of "John Watson!" Startled, he turns to see a little girl (perhaps eight or nine years old) dressed head to toe in yellow hurtling towards them. She stops abruptly when a security guard steps in front of her, arms crossed and eyebrows raised.
“Disillusionment. It’s a spell that makes you sort of invisible. I picked the most inconspicuous robes in Bill’s closet so we wouldn’t get too much attention, but you’re still the sexiest thing anyone’s ever seen,” John tells Sherlock, lifting his arm in the air and encouraging Sherlock to spin under it. Sherlock laughs as he does so, face pink.
Last night had been the perfect moment to finally ask Sherlock out, but John couldn’t manage it. John contemplates what had stopped him. Usually, he doesn’t mind admitting, he’s quite smooth when he’s on the pull. Unbidden, the image of Sherlock’s disappointed face flashes before his eyes yet again. Irene clears her throat pointedly and John realizes he’s been dumping vanilla syrup at an alarming rate into the coffee in front of him. When he looks up to the patron meant to receive the drink, the man looks confused and faintly alarmed. Muttering an apology, John turns to start the drink over again.
“Then I suggest,” Sherlock says as he crawls back down John’s body and undoes his trousers, “that you not make too much noise.” With that, Sherlock takes out John’s cock and swallows it down. John stuffs a hand into his mouth as his eyes roll back in his head and his hips thrust up. “Wait!!” he manages to gasp out. “Condom! Do you—“
Sherlock walked out on stage, pleased to finally have something to do with himself. Texting John (and torturing Anderson) made the tech rehearsal process more bearable, but there was nothing quite like the thrill of acting to break up a boring rehearsal. He settled into Mercutio:
“Subject JW practices regular use of an old-fashioned quill for writing. No contemporary fashion sense to speak of. Inability to use even basic technology. Apparent familiarity with variety of fowl and other odd creatures. Little to no popular culture knowledge. Little familiarity with London streets. Odd speech patterns and idioms-“
She crosses her arms and huffs. “Yes, fine. It’s not his fault he trusted the vicious harpy, and you’re too fucking noble to hate him. The thing is, though,
dangerous, or like any of the many poisonous, sometimes temperamental plants John has encountered in his studies of Herbology.
want to have sex with you,” John chuckles, pleased when Sherlock flashes a tiny grin. John runs a hand through Sherlock’s curls until the man looks back at him again. “But can we take this slow for just a bit longer?”
“Please, it was entirely innocent! You were a very handsome fourteen-year-old, and I was a young impressionable gay boy!”
John watches as Bill methodically measures out his potion into equal doses and carefully labels the vials. He
, it takes some kind of grand, dramatic performance posted on YouTube to make the media acknowledge that bisexuality fucking exists.”
When he stirs awake next, it’s to a barely illuminated room and the sound of a pencil scratching on paper. Blinking away the sleep in his eyes, Sherlock turns over and finds John on his belly looking down at his lyrics notebook with his lower lip caught between his teeth. He looks sideways at Sherlock after a moment with a half-smile and a raised eyebrow.
Sherlock pulls out an earbud as he notices the pair approach, and John smiles at the gesture. Sherlock is non-verbal most mornings, and often ignores all of humanity until absolutely necessary. “You ready for this?” John asks (aware that he’d just been asked this question himself).
once the lights went out, it was completely dark! It doesn’t make any sense, what you did. Unless of course you have some secret superpowers I didn’t know about, in which case, you’ve been holding out on me.”
Sherlock draws his bow across the violin strings and launches into the song. The rest of John’s band joins in seamlessly (bastards must have rehearsed this without him.)
Irene sighs, put-upon. “Don’t I know it. You going to be okay to rehearse?” John nods, so she offers an elbow, and John links his own through it, following as she pushes through the stage door.
John gives him a soft look, and reaches out to tuck a curl behind his ear. “I’ll have to make it a good date, then. We have the night after tomorrow off, no concert. How about then?”
John smiles wryly. “I don’t know what you could possibly be talking about, Conan. Would you remind me?” There are laughs from the audience.
“Did you know that the concierge is a dreadful flirt?” Irene lifts a plastic room key in one hand to tap against her lips. “She’s not a bad kisser, though,” she continues, and bounces into the bed beside John with a grin on her face.
“But I am, John. I’m an anomaly, among my peers, my family, and my few friends. It is unusual, to care about something as inconsequential as a necklace,” Sherlock waved his hand towards the cameo necklace. “But it matters, in a way that Sally wouldn’t care to understand. To
“I promise,” John said. He owed it to Mary. He would do this for her because she loved him, and he her. John pulled Mary in for a hug so tight the throbbing in his shoulder stopped mattering. “
Sarah called Stanley out of cast warm-ups, and they spent an hour kicking a football around on stage to let John practice following a target. It was fun, and took enough concentration to keep John interested. But soon enough the rest of the cast filed in and Greg called everyone down to the main level for Mrs. Hudson’s introductory speech.
“Men don’t generally receive flowers.” That’s a no to being invited in apparently. John doesn’t mind, the cool temperature is nothing against the warm pools of light glowing inside him.
When Sherlock comes into the coffee shop the next morning, John is ready. He spent the entire night psyching himself up, like he used to do before a big Quidditch match. Sherlock looks guarded once again, still hunched into his shoulders.
Irene had mimed puking, then as soon as Sherlock was out of sight, had closed up the shop early and apparated John straight into a Magi-Barber’s chair in Diagon Alley.
Greg was sputtering nonsensically over headset. “Greg, you’ve got to cut the lights, as fast as you can! And Molly, can you make some feedback happen? That really high-pitched, shrill kind? I need all the distraction I can get.”
“My dad said it would ‘Turn me into a pansy, rolling around in the dirt with a bunch of blokes every day.’” He quoted, then sighed. His dad was a bigoted jerk, but John needed to stay on his good side until he finished school in two years. After that, John had everything planned out - if he enlisted, the army would pay for his university and medical training. He’d spend a few years in service, and either continue on or return home to England, a qualified doctor. But until then, he had to make a few sacrifices to stay under his dad’s roof. Harry, his 19 year old sister, was living proof of what would happen if he didn’t.
The man smiles slightly as he lifts his now-freed drink to his lips to take a sip, making no move to leave his spot at the counter just yet. “Does that mean I was right about everything?”
John rifles through the stacks of paper and files until he finds a first aid kit, which he opens and begins to sort through methodically. “So. Ten years. What’ve you been up to?” John asks, visibly stiff and uncomfortable. Sherlock sympathizes. Being alone in a small room with John Watson after a decade is surreal.
a little unfair, considering a mutual love of John Watson was the reason Sherlock and Molly became friends all those years ago.
“Welcome to tech!” Mrs. Hudson began to a mixture of cheers and groans. “For those of you who haven’t experienced the marvel that is tech week, I’ll give a quick description. Our show opens in eight days, which means we have that time to add in costumes, lights, sets, and props.  I’ll ask all of you actors to be patient when we have to pause in our rehearsals to fiddle with the lights. You’ll get bored, but that’s the price of art, I’m afraid. There are going to be long hours, but don't any of you go neglecting your homework. Use the off time to study. I think that's about all I've got to say for the moment. Let's get started! Greg, dear?”
They’ve touched on Victor briefly in conversation before, but John hasn’t gotten any more detail than what Irene had been willing to share: they were together a long time when they were young, until the relationship ended and Sherlock, apparently broken-hearted, swore off dating. Until John.
They exchange a disbelieving look as they each check their respective phones. John sighs and tells him, “I’ve got Mrs. Hudson. You?”
John inhales a deep breath through his nose, letting his chest expand and his shoulders straighten as he looks around at each of them. “Yeah. In for a Sickle, in for a Galleon. Wish me luck.”
“John, darling? Two things. First of all, we aren’t really dating.” An evil smile came over Mary’s face. “And second - you were checking him out, too.”
“Yes. Where are you?” Sherlock asks, annoyed. John opens the front door of his building and finds Sherlock standing there, phone at his ear and mouth agape. “How did you-“ Sherlock starts to ask, lowering his phone. He takes a step back, frowning. “What are you
For now, he takes Sherlock around the waist and helps him limp over to a bench where John had stashed a medical kit in case of game injuries. He wraps and ices Sherlock’s ankle quickly and confidently, avoiding eye contact lest he lose all sense of medical professionalism.
Mummy scoffs as she settles into the seat on Dad’s other side. “Like you can talk. All that dancing and activity you do and you hardly eat! And don’t think that just because your Dad’s home from hospital that you’ve gotten away with anything. We
John joins Sherlock at his chair just in time to intercept their drinks, which are soaring towards the table at an alarming rate.
John, not taking his dramatics seriously in the least, chuckles, and Sherlock feels his body shift beside him.
John couldn’t help the stupid grin pulling at his cheeks. “Hey, you.” Sherlock looked like a disaster; Mary had been right. His hair was lank and greasy and his face was smeared with days-old stage makeup. His clothes were wrinkled and stained in several places.
Sherlock leans against a post and watches John from offstage. He’s bathed in blue light, balanced on a stool with his head ducked and eyes closed, as he sings
Greg was interrupted by Mary’s cry of “Sherlock! Congratulations, dear!” John’s head whipped around. Mary was friends with Sherlock?
Luckily, he catches himself in time not to hit his head, but his phone is not so lucky. He’s gathering its scattered pieces when he hears a woman’s voice.
. It reminds him of the time he got a glimpse of Sherlock’s parents and he was shocked that such an ordinary couple would have spawned such an extraordinary son.
John stuffs his hands in his pockets and returns his gaze to the ground where his toe is scuffing at the dusty wood-plank floor. He takes in an audible breath before he continues. “I think- I hope anyways, I have an idea why she told me all that, but it’s still unfair that I heard all about your shitty ex and you don’t get to know about mine. So. Here goes.”
- fic 3: This one has a more serious topic, but will still have a lot of humor and fluff. Grad school AU. Frenemies Sherlock and Harry share a flat and end up getting sober together. Sherlock and army!John meet when he comes to visit his sister while on leave. Would deal with realities of alcohol and drug addiction, with plenty of humor and positivity and romance stirred in.
“John!” Sherlock cries, and John’s jaw snaps closed. He’s aware that both of them are blushing enormously. Before long, the shared tension can't help but snap. John starts to giggle. Soon, the two of them are clutching at each other’s arms, try not to fall over with the strength of their laughter.
Sherlock sits up fully as he feels this conversation take a serious turn. Flicking his gaze between John’s eyes, Sherlock deduces that John’s insecurity is rearing its ugly head. Somehow John is the only man in the world whose ego is
James teases John about Holmes’ (really painfully obvious) crush at every given opportunity, although John continues to insist that the attention could be directed towards James. They spend all their time on campus together, after all. ‘Every given opportunity’ becomes quite often, considering that Holmes tends to show up wherever they are over the next several weeks. In the library, at a nearby table at lunch, and of course on the bleachers at rugby practice. Holmes never says anything, just stares intently, like he’s working hard to figure something out.
John scowls at Bill and Irene. “If they have to tell you, then I’m obviously not doing my job of wooing you properly.”
So, yes, there were the mechanics to work through. But flirting was flirting, and John could flirt as naturally as a dragon took to fire. And it was
We’re as good as blood, better than in some cases, and you can sure as hell bet I noticed when you came to class stiff after ‘arguments’ with him, that you wear long sleeve shirts all summer, and that when you meet someone new, you stand up military-straight and assess them for threat.” Mary’s sharp eyes dared John to deny it.
“What are you--” Mummy begins as his dad brings her captured hand to his mouth and plants a kiss on her knuckles, looking up into her face.
Now that he knows, it’s impossible to ignore. John feels a swoop of desire whenever Sherlock smiles, that mad grin crinkling up his entire face. He has to look away when Sherlock and Victor sit together, cuddled up like puzzle pieces.
, all correctly and in the right order, which even I can’t do half the time. And your best friend is obviously a fan. You’d seen the leaked photos, and you know all about my press history! Admit it. You, Sherlock Holmes, are a
“Oh…well, I think you’re a prince, too.” Sherlock says it shyly, and the tender spot in John’s chest that now belongs to this man
“Yes!” his dad cries, beaming at him. “For you to join your young man on the last few days of the tour. I know you didn't really want to leave in the first place.”
“John, this is Greg! Greg, John. You two have fun!” Mary dashed off, leaving John facing ‘Greg’ and trying to remember just how he’d got here.
“When I woke up today, I was worrying about my secret coming between us. But it’s the opposite, isn’t it? It was the secret, keeping the distance. Now you finally know the real me.”
! And you, in it, obviously. And Sherlock. In it.” (Sherlock discreetly steps on her foot to get her to shut up. She’ll thank him later.)
“What happened when the lights went out? How did you know what to do?” Took Sherlock longer than John thought it would. Truthfully he’d expected the boy to come storming in the moment John was cleared for visitors, demanding answers.
“Hi Victor,” John begins, moving in close to Sherlock so they’re both in frame. “We’re both here. What’s going on?”
He makes a handsome dog, he thinks, smug. He’s a tan German Shepherd with the same blue eyes that he has as a man, and nearly as big as he is as a human. His dog form has grown from a pup just as John has.
Coach Donovan rounds up the possible recruits and gives them suicide laps, as many as they can without stopping or passing out. John remembers this stage of his own rugby tryouts vividly. He remembers wanting to pass out or die his legs burned so much, but needing even more to outlast James, who was running easily at his side. The year tens do better than expected, but Holmes is obviously not invested in the exercise. After a few rounds, he simply stops, not even breathing hard. Coach sends him to take a cool-down lap, scribbling on her clipboard.
“Who?” John asked as he walked towards Sherlock. “Who’ll die?” He reached the Sherlock-shaped shadow and tugged it down. He hissed in the boy’s ear, “Get out of here. Now.”
to like The Watsons anymore. And you got away from your label and started dating around, acting like a prat and racking up DUIs.”
Sherlock doesn’t need to look at the target to know that it’s hit its mark. He doesn’t need to hear the deafening cheers. John smirks, looks directly at Sherlock, and winks.
When the day to leave finally comes, John extracts promises from James and Pranav to Skype regularly. Just because James won’t be his boyfriend anymore doesn’t mean that he’ll stop being one of the most important people in John’s life.
Sherlock looks determinedly at his laptop screen, but his back is tense. He knows the man is standing next to him, but is probably hoping he’s going to go away on his own when Sherlock pays him no attention. Shrugging, the man instead helps himself to the seat beside Sherlock (
John pitches a baby carrot from his plate at her. She swats it away, skilled Keeper that she is, and sticks her tongue out at him, crossing her eyes.
“Did you tell someone that he hits you?” Mary clarified flatly, as though it did not shatter John to hear the words.
Unlike this afternoon, Mummy is now energetically moving around the kitchen as she sets the kettle to boil, tidies up imaginary messes, and rambles about the state of the NHS these days. As she passes by the table to set down a sandwich and a glass of water, Sherlock watches his dad reach out and snag her arm.
. All of them in about a month! They don’t have full melodies yet, but the words, the sentiments…I spend time with him and they lyrics are just all there, right on the surface. I haven’t written this much, this often since…”
“Piss off, freak.” Sherlock has carefully engineered this tone to sound bored, detached. Wouldn’t want the world thinking that he has a heart, after all.
John is shaking. Sherlock glances up from his notebook to see John stifling a fit of giggles. He looks mortified and starts turning red. “Oh my God. Oh my
John startles again when Sherlock returns, glancing down at Sherlock’s case with a frown. “Do you take that violin everywhere?”
The last, spoken in a much deeper timbre, makes John turn towards Sherlock, smile modest and eyebrow raised. “Oh you think so, do you?” Sherlock doesn’t know what made him challenge John’s skill – part of his mind went offline at seeing the man so obviously in his element, but he’s not going to back down now. Sherlock crosses his arms and raises a brow, standing by the challenge.
John feels downright shy the next afternoon when he meets Sherlock outside his flat, having apparated into a deserted alley around the corner. Although they’ve been texting near-constantly all week, it’s surprisingly intimidating to see the man in person once again.
my parents thinking I’m gay. How is putting on makeup and playing dress-up going to help that cause? I may like blokes Mary, but I’m not a
John decided this wasn’t so different from rehearsals. The process only changed in the best ways. Maybe there was some truth in Sherlock’s belief that a bad dress made for a good opening, because the whole cast was fantastic. Jokes that had become old and tired to the crew were revitalized when fresh laughter erupted from the audience. The actors appeared to thrive on the attention, playing to the house and giving their all.
“Well.” John steps aside to allow Sherlock to join him on the pavement. “I was wondering if you know of a good restaurant near here? I don’t know the neighborhood very well.”
“What? Why?” John asked. He would really prefer not to talk to Sherlock at all tonight. John could only imagine the disgust the boy was feeling. Disgust at the knowledge that John would take abuse from his family, that John hadn’t told anyone sooner. That John couldn’t, or wouldn’t, defend himself.
Next, Irene gives him a whirlwind crash course in operating the cash register and the various coffee-making machines, and they prepare the shop for the day ahead. John has just finished taking down the chairs when a few patrons begin to trickle in, looking haggard and desperately in need of caffeine. No matter what odd fashion choices these Muggles are making, John discovers that, blue hair and bits of metal through the nose notwithstanding,
The drummer adds a beat, John and Irene add their voices into the microphone. Sherlock does a full turn to take it all in, dazed and a bit afraid at the cries.
, jumping on them both. Irene rolls her eyes, and Sherlock laughs. “Friend of yours?” he asks Irene, bending down to pat John. John barks happily, and starts laying slobbery doggy kisses on Sherlock’s cheek and under his chin. Sherlock giggles, squirming under his tongue, and scratching behind John’s ears.
John looked rather disoriented, his weight leaning a bit forward, head tilted up, breath coming faster. Dazed was a good look on him, Sherlock decided cheerfully.
“Might as well have.” The boy sneered. “Should have seen the rubbish that came out for auditions this year, honestly. That part is mine.”  John should have found the arrogance off-putting, but instead he was intrigued. “Who’s this?” Sherlock asked, finally looking down his nose at John.
Greg took roll to check that everyone backstage had a working headset before turning off his microphone. John waited, poised by his instrument to begin rehearsal. Janine Hawkins walked onstage to deliver the prologue. “Okay, Watson. Spot at full brightness on our Nurse, there,” Greg said. John eased his spotlight on and watched as Janine began her monologue.
Sherlock bites his lip. “I might be…going on the North America tour with them this autumn? As a sort of…principal dancer? A bit?”
He glances at Sherlock’s corner constantly between customers, and is dead chuffed to see Sherlock’s inquisitive eyes watching him over the top of his computer screen more than once, before they quickly glance back down.
“Trust me, mate.” Mike tells him grimly. “Restrict yourself to an occasional winking face. And for fuck’s sake, whatever you do, stay away from the produce.”
, I thought I was so in love with him. I’m not so sure anymore…Well, James’ father was a real dick, made James call him “sir” and “major” instead of just “dad.” And he never paid any attention to his kids. James, he—he lost it one day. Planned for his dad to catch us, one time, you know,
Sherlock slides into the side with an upholstered booth, so John doesn’t get a chance to pull out his chair as Mike had suggested. They order, and are left gazing at one another under the warm electric lighting.
of the club, the freedom of movement on the dance floor. It’s a rush just to be here, where it feels like everyone is celebrating being themselves. This is yet another experience he didn't get to have while he was pursuing his career.
On Monday morning, Mike had given John his spare old mobile phone that was already equipped with a case that repelled atmospheric magic, and John had wasted a full hour agonizing over how to start the conversation before settling on something simple.
John nods, trying to maintain a serious expression. “That is the literal dictionary definition, yes.” (Sherlock had speed-read a single book in the section of Flourish and Blotts dedicated to non-magical parents and partners before declaring that he was ready for more advanced material and striding towards the nearest clerk to ask where he could find books on transfiguration theory.)
“Sure thing,” John said. Internally he was panic-celebrating at the thought of having a legitimate excuse to
Sherlock smiles down at his phone. He can’t help it, despite the nerves fluttering through his stomach.
“Sherlock!” shouts Mr. Holmes from the next room. “For God’s sake, you’ve done nothing but mope all week and the boy flew from America to see you! Stop complaining!”
Ten minutes out from the beginning of the show and John is starting to feel the delicious rush of pre-show jitters. Boston is very LGBT friendly (according to Irene), and the shouts from fans are audible in the dressing rooms below the TD Garden.
John rolls his eyes. (Sherlock never was very good at playing dumb). “C’mon, Sherlock. The wine, the candles, the flowers? Don’t get me wrong, it’s all lovely, but did I forget something? An anniversary? We’ve only been officially dating a little while but I’m pretty sure we met on the 29
“It’s John and Sherlock!” Victor says brightly, and then the image is spinning again as Victor gathers his phone and points it directly at a casually dressed James, who takes the phone and peers closely into it.
Upon seeing the clichéd contents of the basket (and the bottle of lubricant Sherlock had impulsively included), the checkout girl raises an eyebrow at him as she rings up his order.
“What the hell?” Sherlock mutters, swiping in his password and glancing sideways at John. “When did he have time to take my phone?” Sherlock skims the messages, snorts, and hands the phone to John.
John rolls his eyes. Bill has been bragging about that since they graduated Hogwarts. As far as John can tell, he spends his days brewing smelly potions in his boxers at home, while the rest of them go out to study and work proper jobs.
“I know,” John whispers, aching. “And I’m ready to tell you, now. I’m sorry this was causing you so much pain.”
Sherlock had catalogued eighteen waiting patients and their various ills and illnesses. He had deduced six secretaries and three nurses, counting three adulterers, two compulsive gamblers, and an online porn addict amongst them. But for the past hour, he had been silently staring at a small patch of ripped carpet between his feet. Eight hours, and it was nearing daylight, but there was still no word on John. Sherlock had repeatedly cycled through a series of frantic, unanswerable questions in his head. Was John still in surgery? Would the staff tell him when he came out? Why would they? Sherlock wasn’t anyone important to John, and he’d certainly made a nuisance of himself.
“Why the traditional, properly British, buttoned-up John I’ve gotten to know this summer pursues a career as a popstar.”
A look of surprise crossed John’s face. “Yeah, that’d be good of you. She seemed a bit upset... She cares about you, you know.”
“Molly,” Sherlock answers, scowling at his phone. He rises and tells John, “I have a feeling we won’t be left alone if we don’t take these. I’ll be just a minute.”
“Oi, nobody calls me Johnny-boy but my sister and her girlfriend!” John yelled without thinking. He immediately flushed, realizing what he’d given away about Harry.
“No, wait. I’m sorry.” Sherlock bites his lip and peeks around the kitchen doorway to see John still deep in discussion with Mrs. Hudson. “I was trying to tell John tonight that…that I love him. But I’ve never done anything like this before, and you know I’m terrible with sentiment.”
He sticks his thumb in the direction of his own room. “Sorry for derailing your night. I’m just gonna…” John backs out without finishing his sentence, leaning against the door as he shuts himself into the privacy of his own room.
Sherlock’s confusion slips into an mischievous smile. “Well in that case, what would they like to know?” he licks his lips and looks into the camera.
John is surprised into a chuckle. He’d built up a picture of Sherlock in his head based on their conversation yesterday. That image was of a poised, calculating and cool-headed man. Someone who walked with that much confidence and held himself with so much dignity was now acting like a diva having a strop. At the sound of John’s laugh, Sherlock twists his face partially out from under his arms.
Mycroft sighs heavily over the line. “Mummy is in hysterics. You need to come home and take care of her. Help around the house while Dad gets back on his feet.”
Irene straightens from her crouch and shrugs, apparently unashamed to have been caught. “There’s a reason I have more Twitter followers than you, John, and it’s not because of my pretty singing voice.”
The tension breaks as John and Sherlock share a laugh with James. “Sorry about Victor, he had a bit to drink after we told his parents about us. I took my eyes off of him for five minutes and he’s totally smashed.” On the screen, James rolls his eyes, but Sherlock can see the fondness writ across his features.
Sherlock takes a moment and pretends to think about it seriously, so John hits him in the head with a pillow. Sherlock laughs. “What? I have to give this due consideration. I’ve never
“It’s not like you have a gift for house-keeping anyway.” Mummy huffs out, scowling when Dad elbows her in the ribs. “Yes, we both agreed. He’s a nice young man. You should go be with your John.”
“Yes dear, Sherlock told us about that weeks ago.” Sherlock is shaking his head at his mother and making vigorous cut throat motions, but mummy ignores him.
in fact seen the words ‘Harry Watson 1987.’ “And, maybe you heard about me wanting to be an army doctor, but-”
“I thought I had deduced everything important. You’re going to be a doctor, obviously, what with multiple med kits. Army perhaps, if the interest in sport and the obvious hero complex persists. Sister has a drinking problem, although nobody has said anything as she’s off at university and your parents assume it’s just regular partying. That’s obvious from the inscription on your second hand phone and the scratches around its sockets. You’re bisexual, obvious going by the patch on your bag and the way you flirt with boys and girls in our chem class. I thought I had it all right, but apparently I missed your involvement with, um...“
Irene interrupts him. “But you didn’t do that with Sherlock. You didn’t hook up with him and dump him the next morning. Why not?”
“What’s wrong?” James immediately picks up on the tension in his body, in his voice. They know each other so well.
Victor sighs. He looks ill, John thinks, and sad. “Am I going to have to give you the shovel talk, John? Or are you going to go back to Sherlock and be there for him like I can’t?”
floor, both resolutely staring ahead. John reaches a hand to scratch the back of his neck. Maybe he should’ve thought this plan through a bit longer.
They launch into a discussion on wizarding genealogy, which leads to John’s family history. John promises a visit to the Watson ancestral home to meet his mum and sister sometime soon, and so they can browse through John’s dusty collection of textbooks.
when in fact it’s actually the most annoying thing in the world, and you broke up with them over breakfast cereal!”
John lets the silence sit a minute longer before prodding Sherlock to elaborate. “You said ‘once.’ Is there a story with that?”
“Don’t you mock your old mother!” Mum scolds them. “I just want what’s best for you, John, darling. So when you’re hiding this relationship, and I hardly see you, I get worried. You’ve been working so hard with school and this new job, and now you’re asking your sister for legal advice?”
Sherlock has been doing better. He’s more present, less melancholy. John even caught him having a friendly conversation with Victor. He seems to be moving on.
“Good morning,” he rumbles back, feeling a first stirring of arousal as he rolls the man over. The kiss is turning wetter, and rougher, and John is smoothing his thumbs across Sherlock’s bare hipbones, when he hears rustling at the door and they both freeze.
Charmed by the unexpected answer, John smiles. “Not roses, or orchids?” Sherlock shakes his head. “Why daisies, then?”
Mum shakes her head, amused. She and John have spoken before about Harry and Irene’s strange flirtatious relationship that’s never quite gotten off the ground.
John continues his thoughts aloud. “Then they lie dormant for a few months. And when they come back, it’s in Autumn and early Winter. But then they’re orange, and gold, and deep, royal purple.”
It seems like an impossible match: Sherlock doesn’t date and John doesn’t do serious relationships. Not easily, in any case.
A gentle hand reached out to cup his chin, and tilted it upwards. “John Watson. Look me in the eye and tell me the truth,” Sherlock’s voice sounded choked. The unusual tone startled John into opening his eyes. He found an intense, searching expression and fierce silver eyes at odds with the weak tone of voice. “Is someone abusing you?”
They lose five key people to the other team’s jail during Sherlock's rescue mission and his subsequent attempts to free a pouting Anthea. Molly takes the opportunity to launch a successful counter-attack on John’s flag.
John apparates into Speedy’s Cafe and turns to see Irene Adler glowering at him, the fragments of a ceramic plate at her feet.
over-the top, even for John. It must have happened during their last bout of love-making in the early morning, or perhaps when he was falling asleep on a cloud of bliss afterwards.
“What styles of dance do you practice, Sherlock?” asks Irene, and the two of them begin what sounds like a discussion on the relative merits of ballet when it comes to the study of modern dance techniques.
Warning: this AU contains light homophobia that is drowned out by a deluge of love and rainbow flags.
“Surprisingly, starving.” He looked it, gaunt and hollow-cheeked. Had the boy eaten at all in the days since John went into surgery?
“…Okay.” John seems at a loss for how to continue and Sherlock doesn’t have any ideas either. Victor’s face lights up and there’s a dramatic spinning of the image on Sherlock’s phone before it settles into looking straight up at the ceiling as they hear some shuffling on the other end of the line. Victor’s voice rings through clearly, “Jamie! You’re back!”
It seemed like an elegant solution: a straight-forward way to begin the conversation without seeming too eager.
The opening arrangement is sparse, but compelling. A piano, a guitar, a drum kit. Sherlock is concentrating, trying to take in everything. Then there’s John’s voice, tenor and soft (Sherlock would know it anywhere). The lyrics are written with John’s signature prose, emotive and concise. He sings about hiding, limitations, fear and insecurity. It’s complex, but heartfelt, and sincerity aches in John’s voice:
“Hello, Mum.” John gives her a one armed hug, shooting Harry an accusing look over his mother’s shoulder. “I didn’t know you’d be here.” It’s not that it isn’t good to see her. It just would have been easier to have a conversation with Harry without her there.
He’s been in here every morning this week with a stupid grin on his face, texting you incessantly. And Mike said you skivved off of classes yesterday to chase him down on that diamond smuggling case. Then he comes in this morning looking like
“I didn’t understand before: your stage persona is so different from the real you. It’s all about ‘the thrill.’
He watches John blink in surprise as he takes it all in: the pillows and duvets piled neatly to create a soft cocoon, the flickering candles reflecting against the glass of the window, the soft view of Oxford as the sun has just set. John’s expression cracks into a pleased smile. “What’s all this for?” he asks softly.
The deductions are automatic and unstoppable. “I can tell you joined the army straight out of school and served as a doctor. Invalided out within the past year due to a gunshot injury in your shoulder. You’re living in London although you can’t afford it. I can tell you’re single, and that Harry’s worried about you but you won’t go to her for help. Likely because she’s still an alcoholic, but also because she recently walked out on her wife. I know your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic, quite correctly, I’m afraid. That enough to be going on with, John?”
John groans, already regretting what he’s just done. How is he going to get Sherlock to spend any time with
John pries his hands off his face with a giggle. It's a relief to have Sherlock on the inside of this secret, and he feels nearly giddy. “How about I show you instead?”
Sherlock snaps his jaw shut. Mycroft sounds…off. Like he does after a big political loss or a failed election rigging. “What’s happened?” he asks.
“Oh. H-hi Sherlock. Sorry, I came in here to--” John’s fingers find the light switch, and a bare bulb illuminates the space with yellow light. John’s typically open face is crumpled, tight. It is Irene’s fault. “I was just—looking for a place to cool down.”
Yawning, Mike takes down John’s red collar and leash from where they hang next to the door, and John growls a bit.
John was silent. He thought of people pitying him, whispering about him. The weakling, the emotional wreck, the
Victor’s grin is huge as he flaps a hand at the phone. “We only made it official, like, a month ago. But James and I have known each other for years and since we finally got together we didn’t want to wait.”
John barely had time to register blonde hair and a blazing smile before they were jumping into his arms. “I made it! Oh, John, I made the show! I got the
“Staring at expensive heart-shaped candy is hardly typical behavior of the un-infatuated, John.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, and hefts his bags full of gifts higher on his shoulder.
John stares for a moment at the door Irene left swinging behind her before scrambling for the half-full coffee pot, grabbing a couple of sugar packets, and rounding the corner of the counter. He swipes his free hand nervously through his hair to flatten it and smooths down his apron as he approaches Sherlock’s corner.
With a sudden growl, Irene shoves John off the shop floor and into the storage room. It’s not much wider than a hallway, and there isn’t room to swing a Kneazle, so John stumbles over the cluttered stock, barely staying on his feet as Irene crowds in behind him.
, all well documented in his mind palace, dodging trees and teenagers, set unerringly towards the gravel fire pit at the center of camp.
John watched, fascinated, as Sherlock slipped out of character. His shoulders rolled back and his chin came up, something in his balance gracefully shifting back to
Sherlock takes a pen that’s clipped to the top of John’s apron and reaches for John’s left hand (the one where yesterday Sherlock had seen calluses and a smudge of ink and observed the use of a quill). He writes 10 digits in a neat line along John’s skin, the pressure raising hairs on John’s neck. “Sometimes I get called away on cases. You can use that number if I don’t show up on Saturday. Or. Sooner, if you’d prefer.” As Sherlock replaces the pen in its pocket, John grins hugely at the fresh blush on Sherlock’s cheeks, evident even in the ambient fluorescent light shining through from the shop.
Narrowly voted class treasurer and Best Dressed by the student body. Both unanimously voted Major Annoyances in Sherlock’s personal yearbook. “I was invited,” he replies, hoping to curtail this conversation.
John expects a scoff, a comment about sentimental drivel. Sherlock looks away. “He’s not…it’s not about that. It’s just…”
Several hours later, when they’re backstage heaving from the thrill of a performance and the audience is calling for an encore, John tugs Sherlock aside from the rest of the dancers.
“Oh, no.” Molly isn’t Sherlock’s best friend for nothing. He can hear the cause of Sherlock’s emotional disorder dawn on her, and hurries to keep talking before she can do anything embarrassing, like deduce Sherlock’s feelings
John smiles, relieved that Sherlock is playing along. “Poured about three hundred coffees. Got a haircut.”
The scene continued as Sherlock, snapped out another line, "Take our good meaning, for our judgment sits five times in that ‘ere once in our five wits." John laughed into the otherwise quiet of the theater. Sherlock might as well have been telling Anderson he was lowering the IQ of the entire street for all the vitriolic disdain he put into the words. Was that what acting was? Not taking on a new personality, but rearranging the pieces that you recognized? The trio played through most of the scene with ease. They were talking about dreams when Greg came back on headset.
“What?” John asks, eyes still shut as he unconsciously mirrors the smile on Sherlock’s mouth, trying to persuade him back to snogging with little nips and pecks. Sherlock breaks into a full-blown giggle and John finally settles down on his heels, opens his eyes to ask—
“Today's weather and your favorite color off the table as well, then?” John jokes, easing them back into their typical banter. “I already know favorite flower, so we can check that off.”
Just like he had done yesterday, Sherlock looks at his wretched Muggle phone the whole time. But today he brings his drink into a far corner of the shop instead of leaving straight away. John watches him curiously as Sherlock pulls papers and a small computer out of his satchel, wondering what they are for.
Their third time (and last in the night’s marathon) is different. It's early morning when Sherlock rolls onto a dozing John and whispers in his ear, “Again?”
“This is your last afternoon before summer ends, do you know what that means? It’s time for the ALL-CAMP CAPTURE THE FLAG SHOWDOWN!” There are cheers and shouts, and this time it’s more difficult to get everyone’s attentions refocused on him. Sherlock is smiling up at him from the grass, sweet and adoring, and John has to work to tear his gaze away as he explains the rules. “The objective is simple: to take your opponent’s flag and bring it back to your home territory. If you get tagged on your opponent’s turf, you get sent to jail. You can be released from jail by your own teammate’s rescue. There will be no pushing, or tripping, or physical violence.” Captain’s Voice having imparted the seriousness of this last, John concludes, “Greg tells me you lot picked Molly and myself as team captains, so we’ll take turns picking soldiers for each side. D’you mind if I go first, Molls?”
Plus, he couldn't quite bring himself to end their fragile new friendship. Sherlock was peculiar, mysterious, and
“Really?” John asks, trying to make his tone as skeptical as possible. Politeness hadn’t worked yet to make Sherlock talk to him, but offending his pride had done the trick.
. It’s not as powerful as it would’ve been with a wand, but it’s enough to keep Sherlock in the bed beside him, and that’s all that matters. “There are some perks to dating a wizard, Mr. Holmes.”
Irene smirks. “Relax. It’ll be painless. Mostly. Just have some fun!” Sherlock crosses his arms, jaw stubborn.
Irene shoots John a contemptuous look that he’s quite familiar with. He’s seen it from her, from Mike, and from nearly every other muggle-born he’s befriended at one time or another. It says,
“A magical form of teleportation, through which a qualified witch or wizard can disappear from one location and reappear in another almost instantaneously.”
Sarah just laughed. “We’ve auditioned together for every show the past three years. The only reason we’re even on the crew is because we’ve never made it before, and now you’re upset because you
. "Anyways, better get back to the, eh, grind." John jerked his head in the general direction of the Shop, where Sherlock saw an abandoned a screw gun and some lumber.
from the flat on our way. S’not far.” They clip on John’s leash and walk back to the flat, John happily tangling up Sherlock in knots with his leash the whole way there, he’s so excited.
John rubs at the spot she punched, looking concernedly down at it. He hopes they’re going to cover bruising in his Healing course soon. Working with Irene, he suspects it’ll come in handy more than once. “That really hurt, you know.”
Sherlock’s face scrunches unhappily. “Those are all my best ones. My last theory…is pretty outlandish. It shouldn’t even be scientifically possible.”
“What wouldst thou have of me?” Hope asked tremulously as he drew his own weapon. The tone made John frown, the timid nature not at all in line with the vicious, derisive tone with which he’d previously imbued the line. Sherlock froze. Was he thrown by Hope’s deviation from rehearsal as well? It wasn’t like Sherlock to be affected by the poor performance of others.
“Mine is a sad sigh, it doesn’t count.” Bill pouts. “Riya and Aiden... I ended things. Don’t get me wrong, the sex was really good,” Bill says, and John quickly holds up his hands to make him stop.
isn’t the real world.” Ignoring raised eyebrows, he ploughed on. “I’ve been coming here every summer, for the entire summer, since I was six years old. My parents like to travel and Mrs. Hudson is a second mother to me. Coming back every year, I suppose I became…a fixture. Like the old barn door that creaks open when there isn’t wind, or the mural inside the canteen that Mrs. H swears up and down
the bottom of the cauldron and staggers to his feet, stretching his arms over his head with a groan.
Sherlock shook his head. “You’re wrong, John. The first act was absolutely dreadful! Isn’t it wonderful?”
This play was written four centuries ago, it should have been old and dry but the words coming out of Sherlock's mouth sounded absolutely
When the final verse ends, soft and sweet, John takes the violin from Sherlock and passes it off to a band member. With a silly bow, John offers Sherlock his hand, looking up through his eyelashes. It’s not until there are sudden cheers from the audience that Sherlock realizes how quiet they had been, spellbound by the music just like Sherlock. When Sherlock accepts the hand, John pulls him into position and waltzes him across the stage. Pretty soon though, the waltz devolves into more of a rhythmic swaying to the final notes, as John presses their joined hands to his chest.
When they reach Charing Cross and the entrance to the Leaky Cauldron, John stops, and Sherlock keeps walking. John watches, amused, as his boyfriend continues to walk down the road, speculating away about the mechanisms behind wand movements and magical incantations and their implications in the sciences of the non-magical world. After not too long, Sherlock stops and calls his name, looking around in confusion for John.
Sherlock's cut is nasty, but it’s nothing John can’t handle. He pulls his wand from the pocket of his work robes and waits until Sherlock meets his eyes. “Do you trust me?” John asks.
As Sherlock grinds down, John distantly registers that they’re both aroused, and that there is a strong indication of where this encounter is heading. Physically, this is new territory between the two of them.
John pauses, shifting his weight as he tries to think of an answer that doesn’t make him sound like a lunatic.
“S’pose I haven’t a choice then.” John is standing ramrod straight, like a soldier ready for battle.
He busies himself setting out plates and digging through the bag of takeaway containers while John uncorks the wine and pours them each a glass. Well, mug.
“And I did not go on and on like that about how wonderful you were. You make it sound like I was asking for your hand or something!”
“I didn’t mean to,” John answers, face hot with embarrassment. “My magic does this sometimes. It likes to misbehave when I get emotional. Usually glass breaks when I’m angry if I don’t have a proper outlet, or people’s possessions catch fire. But when I’m around you…nicer things usually happen. Tea. Candles. Flowers, apparently.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I would’ve been off for another semester at Uni anyways. Don’t be so sentimental.”
“Magic can be a big shock to Muggles,” says the portrait of Bill’s great Uncle Guillaume from against the opposite wall. Sherlock shrieks and dives off of the couch for cover, knocking over the glass of water in the process and shattering it.
Part of Sherlock wonders, why should they? This arrangement is working perfectly well, should it continue. It’s obviously something more than sex, perhaps something less than a defined romantic relationship. Sherlock is fearful that if he asks for more, John will give him an answer he doesn’t want.
When eventually, John’s knees begin to ache on the hardwood of the living room, John scoops Sherlock up in his arms and carries him to bed. Instead of asking for more details, John just lies beside Sherlock, cards fingers through his hair, and murmurs reassurances and heartfelt apologies. He can feel Sherlock’s trembling in the hands clutched in John’s shirt.
When stacked up against all the times John hadn’t done anything suspicious, he thinks his record is pretty good. But he is dating
Sherlock faltered. “Why did you?” He looked so earnest and confused. John wanted to kiss him again. But they needed to talk first.
“Fine, yes, I know. We’re a family of helpless gossips. I wanted to talk to you about Sherlock, Hare.”
“Three hundred pages on the Science of Deduction and its practical applicability to the field of forensic sciences.”
Sherlock gasps, stepping back and into John’s touch as his eyes widen, then blinking as though someone had just flashed a very bright light into his eyes. “Where did that building come from?”
Afterwards, John had dragged him by the hand to his private dressing room, ripped off his clothes, lifted him onto the counter and fingered him until he came. It was
“It's easy. Take him to a nice restaurant. Pull out his chair. Crack a joke or two, because you’re too tense, and you’re about to be late. So. Are you ready?”
In the living room, he discovers something vaguely Sherlock-shaped buried entirely under what must be all the blankets the Holmes family owns, sniffling wetly into a pile of tissues.
John’s stomach coiled at these words as he fought down a smile. “What makes you say that? As far as he’s concerned I’m some prick who flirts with other people when he’s already got a girlfriend.”
John collapses against the counter, utterly stunned by the hurricane of a man. “He’s really a Muggle?” he asks, thinking of all the things Sherlock had known about him after a mere instant’s inspection.
“Do you have wine glasses?” he manages to breathe, trying in vain not to be distracted by John’s attentions.
Sherlock blushes, which obviously delights John as he smiles and reaches up to touch his warming cheeks.
John staggered backwards and hit the ground. He was surprised for a moment that he was horizontal before understanding that he’d been shot.
Sherlock smirks, and does just that. “The army training is discernible in your posture and bearing. I deduced doctor by the way you washed your hands, thoroughly and up to standard medical practice. Invalided due to gunshot wound is obvious. They don’t let army doctors go easily and
charm, when Irene clutches his wrist in a vice. She glances furtively past his shoulder and out the shop window.
Blinking a few times, John gives a nod and reaches out a hand to shake Molly’s. “That’s a deal.” Looking between her and Sherlock, John asks “What happened to the quiet fangirl I met in September?”
“Nevermind,” Sherlock announces. “You don’t even currently have a bed. We’ll make do with these.” Sherlock pushes a pair of mismatched mugs into John’s hand and takes a stack of dishware of his own, bottle of wine tucked under one arm. “Come on, take that bag and let’s go.”
“Has it?” Irene smiles sweetly up at Victor before gripping her right fist in her left and delivering a swift elbow to his gut, sending him careening backwards.
, stupid. We actors tend to sweat onstage with all those lights shining on us...Though I do find it interesting that’s where your mind went first,” she mused, assessing John with a raised eyebrow. “
Luckily, once the bus gets moving and people start to quietly chatter or nod off, it doesn’t feel so very different from the other long bus rides spent in each other’s company. Their arms are pressed a bit closer than usual, but John enjoys the simple intimacy.  They’re sitting in peaceful silence as the sun starts to rise through the bus’s windows, when John hears a low moaning, “
John pretends to protest, citing the early hour and teasing Sherlock for his apparent insatiability, but he was ready to go the second he reached consciousness and felt Sherlock’s breath tickling at his ear.
John eyes Sherlock warily as the cheers die down and they get settled into their usual seats beside each other. He and Sherlock haven’t even talked themselves about what this is going to mean for, well,
on my written exam when we covered concealment and unplottables in fifth year. I was busy trying to get off with this witch named Sarah. We’ll stop by Flourish and Blotts and pick you up a book on magical theory, eh?”
“Why have you stopped?” he asks as he spins on the pavement and returns to John’s side. His eyes slide between the two buildings on either side of the Leaky.
It starts out slightly sleepy, and only builds in intensity as it stays slow, and sensuous, and powerful. It’s like guzzling amortentia straight from Sherlock’s lips.
“No one says his name. And I’m not gonna say it either! He said he’d save my sister, if I killed you. I’ve got to follow through on this. I’ve got to! Sorry, Holmes. I’d do anything, to save her.”
.” John starts to dig flyers and crumpled papers out of his pockets, smiling as he shows them to Sherlock. “I was invited to fourteen parties, I joined Mike Stamford’s pick-up rugby league
“I just need to put this on you, then,” John said when Sherlock offered nothing more. Sherlock faced away from John and lifted the back of his plain white t-shirt to expose the mic belt. John didn’t move.
, you all went to the same school. A magic school? That means Irene must be a wizard, how did I not realize that? And if there’s a magic school, that must mean there are more of you, enough to justify a whole institution. And if there are wizard teachers and students then there must be wizard doctors. That’s why your record is sealed, and why they don’t know you at Bart’s, because you work at a magical hospital, and that’s why you were able to heal me just now. But back to the flat. If the cauldron and the paintings are magical, does that mean the brooms are as well? Flying broomsticks? For recreation as well as transportation, obviously. It would explain why you have the body of an athlete but know less than I do about football. Are the owls pets or to harvest potions ingredients? Does everyone in your world wear such hideous clothing? Where is the magical hospital? Is there a magical town that nobody knows about? How do you keep it hidden? Is there-“
The police interviewed John officially about what happened between him and Hope. John tried as best he could to remember, but so much of it was wrapped in a choke of panic and adrenaline. The police filled in some of the blanks John couldn’t.
oh that’s why they call them that, black tights that hugged every inch of his legs. He was spinning hypnotically, left leg folding in and out with each rotation, curls whipping in a violent halo around his face.
“Well, I was fascinated with bees as a child. I grew up in the countryside, and there wasn’t a proper library for me to visit in the summertime, so I spent all day out of doors.” John leans forward, surprised that Sherlock is divulging a story about his past, and eager to hear more.
won’t care if you date a boy. Your friends won’t, either. The only person you really need to keep it quiet around is your dad.”
He rolls his eyes. “Go on, then. Wake Mike, then we can all go and kidnap Irene from her shift in an hour. Go to Diagon for a drink together.”
“And I know I’m not much to look at anymore, I’m practically an old man before my time, and I’m broken in so many ways. I get these awful nightmares, my shoulder’s messed up and with all that going against me and God just look at
John shakes out some of his excited nerves, grinning enormously when he sees Irene approach, dressed in a green dressing gown, the red-sequined number underneath more suitable for under the warmth of stage lights than a chilly basement.
Irene saunters into frame, slow and sexy all in black, and pulls John into a dance as he continues to remove layers. He looks like he’s enjoying the dance, but gets distracted, glances over his shoulder.
John pulls back from the hug just far enough so he can stop Sherlock’s panicked rambling with a quick kiss, thumb brushing at his jaw. “We had the night off, since we’re performing tomorrow
“The fan-boards are blowing up since the performance last night! Mostly about Vic coming out, but also about you, Sherlock. Walking off stage like a boss and stealing the show. They apparently don’t sleep because there are a few new blogs popping up dedicated just to you.”
John takes the now perfectly formed yellow daisy tucked between his thumb and forefinger and presents it to Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes blow wide in surprise when he sees the flower.
. John tries not to let the distaste show on his face as he contemplates the gruesome Muggle healing technique. He laughs awkwardly to cover up his discomfort.
John shrugs. “Wizarding space. It’s all folded up inside the Muggle world. Bit genius, really. Wizards came up with a way to hide where nobody would look: where there was already something else to look at. I’ve read that you can fold space up to seven times, if you’re powerful enough to cast the charm. The Speedy’s you’re familiar with, occupies at least two other places that I know of.”
The plan goes off without a hitch, Molly hesitating over pursuing Mrs. H long enough for John to dart through and reach the small square of grass where Sherlock is reclined.
The next day (the day of Mid-Summer Campfire, Sherlock’s brain screams at him the second he reaches consciousness) is busy. The morning and most of the afternoon are spent packing up all the campers who are leaving while keeping an eye on those who will stay. The parents are tedious, but Sherlock the goodbye hugs aren’t
“It’s pretty rough at this stage. I know something’s missing, but I can’t figure out exactly what. The music never comes as easily to me as the words.”
He starts eating as soon as he finds an empty table. Maybe it’s rude not to wait for Harry to arrive, but he’s pretty sure she wouldn’t touch anything here, anyway. He keeps one eye on the door and the other on the public floo, waiting for his sister to appear.
in his sister’s sexuality? It meant more to John than any vocal support or reassurances ever could. Maybe someday this would be a place that
“So’s Ms. Donovan. So unless Sally came round to your hotel room this afternoon for a nice little chat and to
“Hey you two,” John said as he dropped into the bar seat on Sherlock’s other side. Sherlock heard Irene say something pointed about going to dance and
“Because he’s special.” Irene nods in affirmation, and John dumbly imitates her “So what do you do about that, John Watson?”
of Madonna CDs wedged between Sherlock’s classical music and mummy’s jazz albums. Oh, Sherlock is going to give Mycroft
“Yes. To go,” he confirms, handing over a plastic card then pulling out his mobile phone to tap away at it. Sweet Merlin, his voice is
John almost crashes into the boy in his haste to reach him. “What’s wrong?” He automatically wraps his arms around the shaking figure.
“I know that now, John.” Sherlock soothes. “But the point is that I wasn’t in love with John Watson anymore, because he was busy being a cock. I moved on from you. Right up until the moment your new label publicized an audition for ‘
Eventually, the end of the first act approached. Mrs. Hudson had decided that the scene with Mercutio’s and Tybalt’s deaths would be a perfect middle point for their production, and John agreed. After seeing Sherlock (metaphorically) spill his guts up there, John certainly needed a break.
“Oh.” John replies, and clears his throat. “Do you know that he and I were – that we used to – ?” Sherlock observes his boyfriend carefully as he fails to make it to the end of a sentence. He’s heard enough about James Sholto from John and Irene to know that there were some intense feelings there for a time, and heartbreak on both sides when things ended.
John watched Sherlock walk away, and felt something heavy and hot growing in the pit of his stomach.
It’s surreal to be back home. The last months seem like a blur of questionable hotel rooms and sparkling performance spaces. Now, he’s waking up in his own bed each morning. He takes care of the house, helps his dad get around town when he needs to, and skirts Mummy’s probing questions whenever possible.
After some performances, John goes out like a light. After others, the frenzy of it all keeps him wide awake for hours, and this is one of those nights. John traces the swirled contours of the ceiling plaster with his eyes and sighs.
Sherlock, Molly and Irene are the only reasons that John keeps going, his first month back in England.
“You deserve everything. You deserve everything good and bright and perfect, because that is everything you are. Everything you are to me. And I am so afraid Sherlock. Afraid of how big this thing is that I feel for you, how enormous and shining and perfect it is. So I’m asking you, Sherlock Holmes. To take the leap with me. Take the fall. What do you think?” There are tears in Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock merely hums, not convinced, but largely distracted by the nickname so casually bestowed. At least it wasn’t
you did it mostly without complaint, in front of witnesses, some of them your old football mates. And what you did just now, with Sally: that was good. Few jocks would stand up for the freak.”
The next chapter of this is going to be the final one for this installment, but I'm going to make this a series so I can explore all the niggling bits I didn't get to cover what with the rush leading up to series 4.
gorgeous. The boy is all sun-kissed skin, golden hair, and deep blue pools for eyes that make girls weak at the knees. Perhaps not just girls. The first time he’d glimpsed them up close for himself, Sherlock, too, had found himself (reluctantly, hopelessly) infatuated with John Watson.
Not wasting a moment, John runs, Sherlock in his arms, making a wide arc around Molly’s guards. Sherlock is still giggling into his neck and clutching him tightly when John crosses the line and deposits the man on his feet. Sherlock clears his throat, and brushes imaginary lint from John’s shoulders. He’s adorably red and not meeting John’s eyes. “Well. Thank you, Captain.”
Sherlock’s sharp green eyes fix on John’s instantly. John feels his mouth go dry. An unexpected wave of panic and fear clenches in his gut.
The shoulders are too wide and the hem an inch too short, but there’s something undeniably captivating about Sherlock in wizarding clothing. They should stop at a tailor’s while they’re in Diagon.
Sherlock’s eyelids flutter shut and he shudders in a shaky breath through his nose. He presses back for another kiss, deeper and wetter.
, as though they could obscure the fact that this event is being held in a room that stinks of stale sweat. God, why had he talked himself into this?
Sherlock settles gracefully into the small group of queer kids at Surrey prep. If John’s suspicions about Molly are correct, the group is comprised of John, James, Irene, Molly, and now Sherlock. After Irene’s routine intimidation tactics fail to work on Sherlock, the two of them get along shockingly well, their matching intensity slightly terrifying to witness. Molly is soon harboring a crush for Sherlock (the girl is forever falling for gay men) but Sherlock ignores it and they soon become friends as well, their interests in forensics and pathology overlapping. James is soon acting like Sherlock's overprotective big brother, and John becomes his partner in crime-solving.
They don’t have to wait long. The crowd bursts into shrieks and applause as a sleek black car pulls up in front of them and, sure enough, John gets out, clad in dark sunglasses and jeans. Sherlock and his family just watch from a distance as John takes selfies with fans and signs posters, completely ignoring the security guard closely monitoring the group.
John gapes. Had Mrs. Hudson and Irene been talking? Or did the professors actually notice what a cretin John acted like at Hogwarts? John honestly can't decide which is more mortifying.
He’d sent her an owl this morning, asking if she’d be willing to meet him during his lunch break. Having a Ministry attorney for a sister has some perks, free legal advice chief among them. It almost makes up for how obnoxiously delighted their mother is that Harry continued the family tradition. Watsons are meant to be lawyers, not healers.
John walks up to the standing microphone center stage. “For those of you following our social media page, I think you know what’s about to happen here.”
Sherlock thinks about this. About how lucky he is, to have gained the trust of this brilliant and private man. A man who had reason never to trust anyone ever again.
John unlocks Bill’s door with a simple charm and immediately starts rifling through his closet for something that will suit Sherlock without drawing attention to them. He pulls out a set of casual navy robes and flourishes them in front of Sherlock triumphantly.
John settles in for a sleep of his own, his head rested on Sherlock’s, for the long drive to L.A., the sun rising bright and golden all around them.
bad,” John hedged, confused by Sherlock’s cheerfulness. There had been a few mishaps with costumes and lines, but the rehearsal was going fine, overall. “Well, except for Anderson forgetting that entrance and coming on half-naked,” John mused.
“He’s a natural!” Sarah yelled back. “I’ve never seen anyone pick it up so quick! Took me three days before I could hit a target on the first try.” Sarah turned to John, curious. “You ever shot a gun, Watson?”
symbolism carved into it. A Vatican cameo! Goes against everything Mrs. Hudson asked for!” John inspected the necklace in question. It was a large piece of costume jewelry that depicted Virgin Mary holding baby Jesus.
, the love and the waiting and the finally having. It goes through each cell in John’s body and makes each one hum in pleasure, makes them sing with the joy of soft lips against soft lips, wet tongues swiping out to tease and tangle. When he needs to breathe, when his smile grows too big to make kissing possible, John pulls back just far enough to press his forehead to Sherlock’s, fingers tugging through the short curls at the back of his neck.
Maybe it was wishful thinking on Sherlock’s part, but sometimes John seemed to forget about Mary’s existence altogether.
. Muscles pull taught, brow furrows, and eyes sharpen and focus. John pulls the string back, takes a slow breath, and releases. The arrow whistles through the air and–
Sherlock returns the grin tentatively for a moment, before breaking eye contact to smile down at the table.
John nods seriously. “And Molly’s the treasurer. You should see the two of them together, getting along like a house on fire. They’d known each other an hour and I could already tell they’re going to end up best friends for life, or in bed by the end of the week. Or maybe both.”
“Careful, you know Irene can sense generalized statements concerning gender from a mile off... Don’t you like them? The flowers?”
pretending to date all of those girls,” John babbled, panicked.  After the Harry fiasco, his dad had been breathing down John’s neck, trying to make sure he hadn’t ‘raised
John hissed, halfway down the stairs already. “Or don’t, but we don’t have time for this. Do what I say.” John had reached the lower audience and began a quiet sprint towards House Right, where a staircase lead straight onto the stage. “Greg, get ready to turn off the stage lights.”
Sherlock scowls at him, but his cheeks are pink with embarrassment. “Did you come here to help me catch a diamond thief, or to ogle me?”
“Yeah, we might need to work on your social skills a bit, mate,” John acknowledges with a tip of his head. “But let’s maybe save that for our next free period. Right now I’ve got a few questions on protein structure I was hoping you could help me out on…”
the blond, handsome rugby captain, future doctor voted ‘best smile’ and ‘most likely to break hearts’ two years running. When he
“He’s just a person, Molly.” The words leave Sherlock before he’s fully considered them. It’s startling, to realize how true they are. Years spent idolizing John Watson, and it all came crashing down during a month’s rehearsals with the real man. What was the exact moment he stopped being John Watson and became just John? He’ll have to contemplate this later, because beside him Molly is hyperventilating, and in front of him a smiling John is approaching, tailed at a distance by a pair of security guards.
