In contrast, John had been living with Mary for three months. They were already established when Sherlock had unexpectedly burst back into John’s life, with all the finesse of a bull in a china shop. In fact, Sherlock suspected John had been getting ready to propose. A bit soon, Sherlock thought, but what little he knew about romantic relationships could fit on a post-it note.
Sherlock and John both stood facing the camera, happiness radiating from every pore. Dressed in matching morning suits, boutonnieres and top hats… and matching grins. Here was a John that Sherlock recognised, at least in appearance. Hair cut short, more gold than silver, a boyish expression on his face. Stockier. Younger.
“Any time!” the young man called at their retreating backs. “Feel free to come back when we’re open!”
As Sherlock's speech progressed, John's expression grew more and more starry-eyed. He and Mary kept sharing knowing looks, John’s tending toward the apologetic. After the speech ended but before dessert rolled out, Mary placed a hand on John’s arm and leaned in close for what appeared to be a brief heart-to-heart. John nodded once, a resigned smile playing at his lips.
A larger picture was set apart from the rest. Sherlock moved forward to take a closer look - and his jaw dropped.
John smiled. He reached up and cupped Sherlock’s face, stroking those attractive cheekbones with his thumb. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut, and his head dipped.
John tugged on Sherlock’s hair, rather harder than he meant to. Sherlock looked down at him, eyes narrowed and an aggrieved expression on his face. His lips were swollen, and the colour was high on his cheeks.
As soon as Angelo’s was able to re-open, Sherlock immediately made a reservation. He wore his purple shirt, John’s favourite. John wore his blue and white striped jumper, Sherlock’s favourite. They sat at their preferred table - by the window, where they spied on the cabbie that very first night. This time they both had full plates of food and full glasses of wine. The conversation flowed easily, just as it always had. But this time, their feet were entangled under the table. Occasionally one would lean over and give the other a peck on the cheek. Their eyes shone with not just fondness, but with love.
He tightened his grip and forced himself away from self-chastisement. He’d been doing enough of that for far too long. He was at his core a man of action. Now that he had set off on this path, he needed to stay the course until the bitter end. After all, what was the worst that could happen? Sherlock had already indicated that he was willing at least to see John, which meant he would more than likely give John the opportunity to say his piece. The worst-case scenario would be that, afterwards, Sherlock would show him the door and tell him he never wanted to see or speak to him again. The end result would be the status quo, after all.
The typical first words, ones like ‘Dada’, ‘Mama’, ‘No’, or ‘Bye’, were of course too mundane for the likes of John Watson’s daughter. At least, according to Sherlock. Nor would it be as low-brow as a curse word, overheard from her sweary father.
Without really planning on it, John found himself stretched out on the sofa with his head in Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock held his phone in one hand scrolling through his twitter feed, while the other hand carded through John’s hair and periodically massaged his scalp. John’s eyes were at half mast as he stared at the telly without really registering what was on screen. Sherlock’s humming of the melody to his latest composition floated almost unnoticed through John’s mind, background to the feel of Sherlock’s skin against his own, pushing John from mere drowsiness to the edge of sleep.
Christmas Eve. Appropriate time for “the thing” to be done, in Sherlock’s mind. It would be just the two of them tonight; Mrs Hudson had graciously offered to host the little one until tomorrow morning. So. No time like the present, and all that rot.
John did enjoy kissing, but he enjoyed other things just as much. Caresses, cuddles, hair stroking, backrubs…He wondered if those things were on offer as well. Kissing was just the icing on the cake, the epitome of intimacy. Short of sex, of course, but John didn’t know if he’d *ever* wrap his head around that when it concerned Sherlock, so best leave it on the back burner for the time being -- the *very* back burner.
“Anyway, it was lovely. And then you surprised me today with a stakeout, a rooftop chase, and then dinner here at Angelo’s. Two perfect days, right in a row! Arranged by the two people I love most in this world. Are you sure you two weren’t in cahoots the entire time? Because it seems almost too perfect.”
Sherlock continued, “I’m not sure how Mycroft knows of you, but these tickets were a gift from him. A gift that I must remember to thank him most profusely for. This evening has been nothing short of a spiritual experience, and for me to say such a thing is profoundly… out of character.”
The man looked at him in confusion. “Er… no? This is a private residence that will only temporarily be open - “
Janine had gotten a kick out of calling him 'my dearly beloved detective'. The phrase had set Sherlock's teeth on edge. He was none of those things, except for the detective part, and he never understood why she had called him that -- other than the fact that she had given him a run for his money in terms of manipulation.
John sighed. “Well, the only other explanation I can think of is that Mycroft is somehow aware of this part of your collective history, and there must be a reason that he brought it to your attention. Although he could have been more straightforward about it, if you ask me. Then again, he does so love to be dramatic.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, savouring where the music transported him without fear of censure. John stared at the virtuoso, jaw slack with shock as he listened to the greatest performance he had ever witnessed. All awareness of time and surroundings fled, each observer lost in their own little bubble of appreciation. It wasn’t just a musical experience. It was a spiritual one.
“I failed to take into account the possibility that you didn’t want the same thing I did. You said that you no longer had sex unless it was within the confines of a committed relationship, implying that you don't see yourself in one with me. But then I concluded that theory only fit *some* of the facts. The most likely explanation, one that fit *all* the facts, is that you're convinced your feelings aren't reciprocated. I should have known, given your lack of observational skills, that that was the case. But as it turns out, I also am loath to risk what I already have in favour of something new.”
As the weeks went by after the apprehension of Lord Moran, and no engagement party or announcement occurred, Sherlock felt himself relax. This by no means meant that he could let his guard down. Oh, no. If anything it was a sign to
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Mycroft and I agreed it would be best to skip this week. Given recent events, you understand.”
John gave him a dubious look, then smiled. “I know what you’re going,” he said, eyes twinkling over the rim of his wine glass.
to engaged. If there’s one lesson I’ve learned during my lifetime, it’s that nothing stays the same.”
“Sherlock,” John said softly, stepping forward with hands outstretched. “Let me help you with those bags, then I can drive us both to your place.”
Kissing. So much kissing. From brief pecks on the cheek, to prolonged snogging sessions on the sofa. Sometimes with tongue, sometimes closed-mouth. Never tongue-down-throat level, per Sherlock’s limits. The kissing often came with lingering touches, caresses and embraces.  It was all… actually quite lovely, John thought. Even though hands remained above the waist and postures upright. John was *not* going to take advantage.
Night pressed up against the windows. Every few minutes one of the panes rattled from a gust of wind as the inclement weather did its best to intrude, to no avail. Their domicile remained cosy and safe.
Sherlock opened the car door and feasted his eyes on the comforting sight of a black door with familiar gold numbers and a knocker. He couldn’t shake the feeling of finally coming home after a long journey. Which was patently ridiculous; he hadn’t even been gone an entire week. Why did it feel like a lifetime?
CW: mention of minor character deaths, including that of a child. Also mention of Alzheimer's with regard to medical research of such.
about things. Concerning crime: wondering and figuring out the how, who, why, where, and what of the thing. Everyday details and happenings rarely escaped his notice either. Insatiable curiosity and vivid imagination led him down many a fascinating path. He couldn’t seem to help himself from poking and prodding until he came up with a satisfying conclusion.
Three different voices rang out with laughter. Sherlock smiled at his companions. He loved them both, but he loved John most of all. He wished Mary the best, but she would have to seek out her happiness elsewhere. Good thing she was eager to do so. In Mary’s own words, Sherlock had won. Now, he just needed to make sure he continued winning, with John at his side.
"It's too bad that I'll have to give the ring back. Wouldn't be right to keep it, being Mary's family heirloom and all. It really is quite a lovely ring, and a perfect fit. Right shame."
"Ten times beyond. Sherlock -- the entirety of today? That was a love letter. It was obvious even to me."
John threw the covers to the side and continued lying there. He looked at his watch. “Not before I get the breakfast that’s included in the price of our stay. And what programme, I didn’t get one.”
“I never discard a theory until I have examined all of the possibilities. Do you have a better explanation, John?”
John had never seen him so entranced as when he held his own child for the first time. Not even when presented with a locked-room mystery.
John was at his side in an instant, carefully threading his left arm through Sherlock’s right; Sherlock’s left was in a loose sling. “Let me walk you in, then I promise I will let you be. Head injuries are tricky; better safe than sorry.”
When he had hacked into Mary's email account, he had been stunned to find that Mary had somehow managed to book a few hours at a shooting range in Dartmoor, just a few miles from Baskerville. (It had Mycroft's smell all over it.) The booking was for the week prior to John's actual birthday. She had also reserved a room for the night before at a small B&B nearby. Sherlock scowled. A bit of romance, mixed in with one of John's favourite hobbies. Was this event really happening, or was it one of Mary's misdirections? She knew him well enough by now to know that hacking into someone's email account was child's play for him. Would she be expecting him to do that?
John shook himself. He barked out a nervous laugh. “Really, Sherlock? A ghost? The woman we watched perform last night was a
Sherlock broke eye contact, looking at something beyond John’s left shoulder. “You might be surprised. It’s been a long time, John. The last time we were separated it was only for two years. Yet when I came back I found you had gone from
“Good. Now that’s settled, let’s go back in and enjoy the rest of the evening. Forty only comes once, am I right?”
Sherlock twisted around, a frown on his face. “I’m composing. If it bothers you so much, perhaps you should isolate yourself in your bedroom.”
As John stood at Sherlock’s side gazing at the baby in Sherlock’s arms, he wondered what his partner would choose for a name. He was the spitting image of John at that age, but there was no way Sherlock would know that. Then Sherlock opened his mouth and whispered a word that made John’s stomach swoop and brought tears to his eyes.
The evening flowed effortlessly, all three of them gradually becoming pleasantly sloshed. John and Mary introduced Sherlock to the Rizla Game, which Sherlock thought was fucking hilarious, actually. He had never giggled so much in his entire life, up to this point. What was the point, again? Of this party? Oh, right. To show John how much Sherlock loved him. And that Mary couldn’t possibly love him as much as Sherlock did. Nobody could. It was impossible.
John cracked his neck. “Sounds good. Be nice to get away for a bit, on our own. We can have dinner beforehand, maybe. The real question is, will Mrs Hudson be free to watch Rosie?”
Sherlock came back to himself, only to be lost in the fathomless depths of John's blue eyes. He touched his swollen lips. "How long were we..."
John plopped down in his chair. “I assume I’ll have to abandon this charming persona for the evening, and dress up in jacket and tie?”
The hair now had streaks of white shot through dark curls, the face was a bit more lined, but the posture was just as straight and haughty as ever, the eyes just as clear and penetrating as they had been in his prime. The Belstaff he wore was identical in style to the one he had worn all those years ago, although given its pristine condition it couldn’t possibly be the same one. There was even a blue scarf draped around his neck. John’s heart skipped a beat, then started pattering in double time. Warmth flooded his chest and his blood started to sing, as if in reaction to the magnetic pull of an irresistible object.
Sherlock stepped back while everyone greeted John, who was completely gobsmacked. John's utter shock at reconnecting with his estranged sister and his reclusive former commander was a feast for Sherlock's eyes. He was so absorbed in watching John and his reactions, that he jumped when a soft voice at his elbow spoke up.
He shuffled over to the coffee pot, berating himself for letting John talk him into a late night movie marathon. He grabbed the tallest mug available from the cupboard, and poured himself some wake-up juice, eyes half-way closed. It was a minor miracle that he didn’t overfill his mug and burn himself in the process, but the luck of the only consulting detective was with him. Turning, his eyes flew all the way open when he saw what was waiting for him on the kitchen table.
Their knees pressed  against each other at the breakfast table. Sherlock shoved toast into his mouth as he scanned the newspaper headlines. This morning he wore his wine-red dressing gown over an AC/DC t-shirt and pyjama bottoms. The pyjamas were worn so thin that John could feel Sherlock’s knobby knees quite distinctly against his own. John swallowed hard.
Feeling unaccountably warm, John cracked open the window just enough to let a refreshing breeze waft in. A faint tang of sea air tickled his nostrils, and he almost closed his eyes against the rush of nostalgia that elicited in him. As a young child, his parents had frequently taken Harry and him to their grandparents’ cottage at the tip of the Cornwall peninsula. Those visits had been the highlight of his childhood, shaping what would become his fondest memories. The coastal smells also reminded him of a case that had taken him and Sherlock to St Ives for a week. That case had rivalled Baskerville in terms of bizarre and interesting. (Sherlock had rated it a ‘9’ in hindsight, mostly due to the fact that both of them had almost died in the process of solving it). John shook his head, smiling fondly to himself.
“You married again. Didn’t last long, five years at the most. It ended amicably; in fact, you’re still friends and meet for coffee every so often.” He paused, as if debating the prudence of continuing. “She has a daughter, about the same age Emily would have been. That’s what first drew you to her. After the divorce, you went back to living alone. You weren’t bored or lonely because your job was very demanding, taking up most of your waking hours. You rose quickly in the ranks until you reached your current position as hospital chief of staff. Well done, John. I always knew you were a
Sherlock reached out a hand and stroked the edges of the silver frame. Married? He and John? How long ago had this transpired? And how had Rosie come to them?
John gave him a reassuring smile. “Just three days. Not so long, considering. Still, shaved ten years off my life, feels like.”
“… which violin melodies put her to sleep the fastest, get out her colouring books, read her some stories… Honestly, John, you make it seem like one needs an advanced degree in order to raise a child.”
Surely he had. A mind that luminous wouldn’t have remained isolated for long. There must have been someone who had been attracted by the strong force of his personality.
John stood up, groceries retrieved. “Just good to see you, is all. Good to know you’re still the same old Sherlock - that some things never change.”
A collective gasp filled the room, followed by thunderous applause as the spell broke. The young lady sitting at the keyboard with her head bowed, startled upright at the sound. She slowly stood up, staring at her audience as if they were unexpected guests at a party of one. Her cheeks pinked as she soaked in the praise and adoration. A tentative smile teased her lips. Where before she had radiated an aura of otherworldliness, she now appeared as substantial as any other human being. The perceived paleness of her skin now glowed with a healthy, rosy hue. Her hand went to her chest and her head bowed in acknowledgement.
To John’s amazement, Sherlock seemed to be coping *much* better than he himself was. Sherlock spent the better part of the morning researching something online, making interested ‘hmm’ noises every so often. The early afternoon was spent in the kitchen working on whatever experiment he had going on since before all of this. The rest of the afternoon he sat cross-legged on the floor, organizing one of his crime scrapbooks -- scrapbooks! -- humming contentedly the entire time.
(Sherlock may have spent several hours sampling dozens of wedding cakes under the guise of being a potential groom, and had deduced -- with a 99.5% chance of being correct -- what flavour was John's favourite. That it was to be incorporated into a birthday cake instead of a wedding cake was of no consequence.)
The celebration, if Sherlock did say so himself, was a smashing success. Leading a bemused Mary and John into the pub, he flinched as the din of a packed establishment and the odor of unwashed bodies wafted over him. His discomfort was all but forgotten when their entire reserved section resounded with "Surprise! Happy Birthday, John!" Every single person who had been invited had shown up: Mrs Hudson, Molly, Lestrade, Mike, Bill... and yes, even Harry Watson and James Sholto. Everyone who loved John or whom John loved, was there waiting for him, to shower him with the accolades he so richly deserved.
“Won’t it be your first Valentine’s Day together? I’m given to understand that it’s a milestone of some kind, for relationships.”
“When you - woke up from your coma, I was so relieved. I thought I had finally lost you for good. You’ve beaten the odds, so many times, but I was convinced your - our - luck had finally run out. I mean, how many times can someone come back from the dead, you know? Once is miracle enough, yeah?”
"Well done, Sherlock." Mary Morstan looked up at him, eyes twinkling. "I think we all know who won this contest. I concede."
“Shit,” John muttered. Hoping this wasn’t going to delay him interminably, he opened his door and turned to face the hapless resident, hands raised in apology.
, before Morstan could start dropping hints, as girlfriends tended to do after a certain amount of time. Although, surprisingly, she hadn’t yet made any effort to do so. At least, not that Sherlock could deduce. What was her agenda, anyway?
Sherlock grimaced. He gave his cigarette a disgusted look before throwing it to the ground and grinding it to dust under his bespoke shoes. He found that he could not look John in the eye. This was becoming a habit.
“Maybe a reservation got cancelled, and the fact that we got this particular table is nothing but a coincidence.”
John tipped his head back and laughed. He  tentatively reached out a hand, and smiled in what he hoped would be an encouraging manner. Thankfully, Sherlock returned the gesture. Their hands clasped, and John pulled Sherlock close. He tucked a stray curl behind Sherlock’s ear.
no! It's just me gifting her boyfriend with a spot of jewelry." She winked. "Think of it as … going steady. We are living together, after all." She turned to Sherlock and smiled. "Now: how about that toast?"
It took a mighty effort for Sherlock to keep the look of triumph from showing in his smile. This just proved how little Mary Morstan really knew John Watson. John was a romantic at heart. One had to only read his blog to figure that out. Whenever Sherlock started to doubt that John had ever felt anything other than friendship for him, all he had to do was open John’s blog and read any of his entries, all of them filled with flowery praise, and all of it directed at Sherlock Holmes. And not just praise about his intellect and deductions. Some of it even veered into romanticizing his physical appearance.
John swatted Sherlock's shoulder. "Berk. The best birthday party ever, I might add." His expression sobered. He lowered his voice, even though there was nobody else around.
John’s eyes widened. A few emotions played across his face before settling on one, and it was one that Sherlock couldn’t quite decipher.
This was unquestionably John’s child. John’s DNA proclaimed itself all over her features, from the shape of her nose to the colour of her hair and eyes, right down to the way she seemed to peer into his very soul.
The applause died down, and everyone else melted towards the exit. Sherlock, on the other hand, strode purposefully towards the debutante. Shaken from his trance, John padded after him.
When  the cake appeared, candles blazing and voices rising in disharmonious song, Sherlock excused himself. He slipped out the back entrance, fighting unexpected vertigo and fluttering butterflies in his stomach. His hands shook as he pulled out a cigarette, his first in several months. It must be the adrenaline wearing off. He might not be coming down from a chase and fight with a suspect, but he had just been through the emotional equivalent. Mycroft would be appalled.
“Sherlock.” John had finally got his mind back on track enough to coherently respond. He huffed out a small laugh. “Are you suggesting that whenever I start feeling a bit -- antsy, that I just - what, walk up and snog the life out of you?”
What now? He wondered. Sherlock’s expression was carefully blank as he continued to watch John. John started to think he had made a terrible mistake, even though it had been Sherlock’s idea in the first place.
Sherlock also preferred understated. He had requested one small votive candle, and a vase with a single red rose, to be placed in the center of their table before they were seated. A crisp white tablecloth with matching napkins was in contrast to the other tables’ blood red colours.
John chuckled. Then a shadow crossed his face, as if he were remembering the other supposedly supernatural case that had crossed their path, and how that had all turned out.
Sherlock tried again. This time he was able to push the word past his lips at a volume just a bit louder than a whisper.
The last memory Sherlock had before waking in a hospital bed, was of falling asleep on the train from Grimpen, after the Baskerville case. That had been a good one -- satisfying on every level. Life had been good for several months. Several exciting cases had made their way to them, satisfying both Sherlock’s restless intellect and John’s financial concerns. John had basically stopped dating, after the Jeanette fiasco, which made Sherlock happy on many different levels. The only thing resembling a cloud on the horizon had been the Moriarty threat, and Sherlock hadn’t been at all sure that was going to lead to anything more than just some poking and teasing whenever Jim became sufficiently bored.
Sherlock cleared his throat. He angled his body towards John’s car. “Shall we? My house isn’t far, just a few metres beyond the turn there.”
Sherlock swallowed. This was...unexpected. He should have felt jubilant, triumphant, ecstatic. He was happy that John loved him back, but --
so choose, and you manage once again to worm your way into his life, make sure that you’re prepared to
“Yeah, she just started calling you that,” John said, his expression sheepish. “I hope you don’t mind.”
John looked up at the ceiling, still smiling. “That’s all right. You never do. Kinda comforting, actually, because then I can just keep on surprising you. Which is very hard to do to Sherlock Holmes, you must realise.”
Sherlock scoffs. Really, he can’t be bothered with such mundane trivialities. His gaze flicks appreciatively over John’s form before shuttering his expression into indifference. He flicks his hand in the air as he pulls his attention back to his laptop.
John sighed happily, reclining in his chair with his feet up and his nose in a book. He couldn’t speak for his flatmate, but as for himself, he was quite happy to “self-isolate”. He and Sherlock had run themselves ragged during the previous two weeks, hunting down a smuggling ring. Fourteen days with nothing to do and nowhere to go sounded, quite frankly, like heaven.
John apparently had a lot more pent up energy to release than he thought. An hour later, it was all gone. He dragged himself up the stairs, kicked off his shoes, and collapsed on the sofa. He threw an arm over his face and regretted his life choices -- namely, overdoing the treadmill. He had a stitch in his side, and his feet hurt.
“Yep,” the voice cheerfully replied, albeit with a bit of a wobble. “Good to have you back. You had us all worried.”
This was not John’s usual type. She would not buckle under Sherlock’s forceful personality. Oh, no. This one was forceful in her own right. She knew her worth, and that Sherlock Holmes was no threat to her. There was no competition, as far as she was concerned. Sherlock had left. Mary had stayed. Sherlock may have come back, but Mary was still here, and she wasn’t going anywhere.
“I”ll make it known that I’m taking a mini-holiday. Three days off from the Work. It’ll be fun. We’ll go for walks in the park, experiment with -“
After the meal, Sherlock stood up and gave the speech he had put so much effort into. His beginning was stilted and awkward, but at the end of it there wasn't a dry eye in the house. At first Sherlock was confused, until he realised they were happy tears. Humans could be so inscrutable at times.
John pinched the bridge of his nose. He took a deep breath. “Sherlock. There’s no way the two of us are going to be able to eat *ten cakes*. Most will grow stale.”
“Hello, gentlemen. Are you interested in the tour? Unfortunately we don’t open for a couple of weeks yet, but - “
A spark of sadness animated her face for a split second before an expressionless mask slipped into place.
"Sherlock never once broke the vow he made to you on your wedding day. He clawed his way back from the brink of death for you. He stood by both you and your wife during the nasty Magnussen business. He opened up both his home and his heart to you - again - after you once again found yourself alone. In the end, he wasn't the one who left.
“Wow. Sherlock, this is… this is amazing. Are those presents for us? Because you said not to bring anything…”
A few weeks ago he had tested a couple of the numbers, choosing the two people he felt would receive him with the least amount of hostility. Unsurprisingly, both Molly and Lestrade’s numbers were out of service. He supposed that most of them on his list would be, but he was counting on one in particular remaining unchanged. The name attached to it, after all, was less of an individual entity than a title/position. There was a chance the secure line was the same as it had been fifteen years ago.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. Something teased at the edge of his consciousness. He opened his eyes to mere slits, testing the light. Finding it bearable, he slowly lifted his eyelids until he was looking at the face of a very worried John Watson.
Sherlock gasped. “A parallel to Euros, perhaps? Only more benign. That might explain the effect she apparently had on both of us, manipulating our senses and emotions. Was she manipulating the entire audience? John! The audience all had garb from the Victorian era just like she did. Were they
John stands in the doorway of the bathroom, hands on his hips and giving him what Sherlock has come to call his “disgruntled hedgehog” glare. His wet hair stands up on end, disheveled and spiky. A white towel is wrapped around his waist. Droplets of water bead on his skin as they drip onto the floor, unheeded by the semi-naked man.
busy. Maybe most couples had more grand venues to attend. Sherlock always did prefer the personal touch. Like the leather notebook that Sherlock had specialty ordered just for John. The very notebook John was now scribbling in while they waited for their food, tongue peeking out and his brow furrowed as he sought the right words to describe their latest case.
“Hey Sherlock. Nice of you to make an appearance. Only twelve more hours to go, and you’ll be free to hassle Molly and Greg again. It’ll be nice, yeah?” John was desperate to continue the small talk, anything to keep Sherlock from saying what he had clearly spent two days working himself up to say.
The easy, familiar banter soothed some of the anxiety that had been building in Sherlock while John had referenced things in their shared past that he had no memory of.  Coming back from the dead? Miracles? He felt the memories trying to poke their way forward but it was like squinting into a fog that never quite thinned enough for him to catch a glimpse. Maybe it was for the best. Perhaps there were things he was better off not remembering.
"It's made out of mahogany. There was a matching set, handmade, but my grandmother's was somehow misplaced and never found. I obviously can't wear this one, but maybe you…"
John kept his eyes open as he placed a soft, chaste kiss on Sherlock’s dry, chapped lips. It only lasted a second, but a spark of desire jolted down his spine at the contact. Keeping his reaction in check, he drew back and watched Sherlock slowly come back online. Intense fondness washed over John. He was in big trouble, and that was after just one kiss.
"Neither." Sherlock then led the both of them into the kitchen, where a festive offering greeted them: intricately prepared cucumber sandwiches; a variety of cheese, crackers, and pâté; a spread of cured meats; and still in the oven, roasted Cornish hens. John’s favourite beer waited in the fridge, and the best champagne the British Government had to offer sat in an ice bucket on the clean -
But her favoritest person in the world (her wording, and one Sherlock never had the heart to correct) was one who no longer had any blood relatives left living, and had never had any children of her own. So when Rosie bestowed her title upon her, there wasn’t a dry eye left in the flat.
“She’s been missing her bedtime stories. She doesn’t like my voice nearly as much as yours.” John sat down in the chair next to Sherlock’s bed and opened up his satchel, carefully balancing Rosie like a pro. “Which is why I brought a storybook. Thought you could read a chapter to her. Unless it’ll put undue strain on you, of course. The chapters are short.”
"In case you need him? Of course." Mary cocked her head, considering him. Her blue eyes scanned his face. "You weren't concerned about Christmas, though. Or New Year's."
When the child produced from Sherlock’s sperm and Harry’s egg was born, John was as besotted as he had been with Rosie. This was Sherlock's child. And a Watson, through the miracle of modern medicine. John would be forever grateful to his sister for this gift.
“No. As it says, it’s her debut performance. Solo, as it happens. In celebration of her 18th birthday. I’ve always enjoyed piano music, but Mummy gave Mycroft and I a choice as to what instrument we wanted to learn. Only one; she was a great believer in choosing one thing and doing that one thing well. I chose the violin, Mycroft chose the piano.”
Swept along with the crowd’s enthusiasm, and further encouraged by Sherlock’s reaction, John boomed “Bravo! Amazing performance!” For a man who had never been much affected by music, his spirit soared this night. He could only imagine what Sherlock, a virtuoso in his own right, was experiencing.
Sherlock tugged on John’s hand, dragging him towards the house’s entrance. They were met by a young man with a wide smile.
“It may have been at one time; now it’s rented out to the general public for pretty much any event that you can imagine. Weddings, wakes, graduations, weekend business retreats, concerts like this one.”
When they pulled up to the house shortly thereafter, both men were taken aback. In the clear light of day, the venue appeared very different; but of course that could be accounted for by the somewhat spooky atmosphere of the night before. The house still looked magnificent, but the lack of dramatic lighting toned down the awe that it had previously inspired. The white sign surrounded by a forest green border was still there, now proclaiming it as “Holmes Manor”, and it had extra text under that heading that hadn’t been there before. The entrance to the house was sectioned off with velvet ropes that discouraged entry, unlike the welcoming facade from last evening.
. People had Christian names for a reason, for god's sake. "Sherlock" was good enough for him, and he knew that "John" was good enough for his partner. In fact, Sherlock thrilled in saying John's name in such a way that resulted in both of them horizontal in their bedroom. It was the way the words were said, not the words themselves.
Some things were just meant to be. Everybody saw it. Everybody, that is, except for the two idiots in question.
Sherlock sat frozen, eyes blinking rapidly. His brain didn’t register anything beyond “the two people I love most in this world”. What did that mean? Practically. What did that
But now… well, this situation certainly threw a wrench into all of that. Now everything was unsettled, topsy-turvy, and confusing. He didn’t like not knowing what the hell was going on.
Sherlock grinned at him. "Of course. I'll let you know when anything interesting comes in. By the way, it's almost midnight. Shall we finish the last of the champagne and make a toast?"
He then made reservations at the restaurant right next door for a birthday dinner. That was a stroke of genius, Sherlock thought; if everyone was already inebriated, they could just saunter a few feet over instead of having to drive somewhere else. It was just sheer luck that he also knew the head pastry chef there, and could order a specialty cake in John's preferred flavour - strawberry - for a hefty discount.
What was surprising was that, more often than not, Sherlock was the one who initiated. He seemed to sense whenever John was hovering on the edge, ready to either start climbing the walls or clawing his eyes out. It didn’t always involve kissing, either. During one memorable episode, Sherlock stopped his study of whatever was under his microscope and wordlessly  guided John to the couch. He sat them both down, then wrapped John in a firm hug. John was shocked for a few seconds, then melted into the embrace with a sigh of relief. They sat like that for five minutes without speaking; just softly breathing into each other’s necks. Every so often Sherlock rubbed a hand down John’s back. Afterwards, Sherlock got up without a word and resumed his experiment like nothing had happened.
The butterflies in his stomach wouldn’t abate. He didn’t want to allow himself to hope. The chances were minuscule, if even possible at all. John had never given any indication that he returned Sherlock’s carefully hidden feelings; in fact, John had always come across as the stereotypical straight male, willing to chase anything in a skirt, so to speak. Then again, if a number of years had passed, who knew what could have transpired between them, given the chance? Given his own feelings, even though he had repressed them as much as he had, it wasn’t beyond the realm of possibility that he had finally surrendered and given in to sentiment. But John? In a relationship with
Sherlock’s verdigris eyes flicked over him swiftly, undoubtedly taking in fifteen years worth of data at a glance. Under that unrelenting scrutiny, all the energy drained from John, replaced with a bone-deep tiredness. The excitement that had been sustaining him for the past several hours ebbed away until all that remained was weary resignation. He lifted his head and set his jaw.
"So," Sherlock said casually, eyes once again on his experiment, "you wouldn't mind celebrating the day after, rather than the day of?"
An indecipherable expression flicked across Sherlock’s face for a mere second, then was gone just as quickly. He cleared his throat.
John peered into the kitchen. His face lit up at the sight of Sherlock, and he stepped fully into view.
“I have something for you,” Sherlock declared. He stumbled over to the coffee table and gathered the packages into his arms. He turned around and dropped to his knees, crawling over to where John and Mary sat. He thrust the green package at John and the red one at Mary. “Meretricious! I mean -- Merry Christmas!” Sherlock hiccoughed.
The large circular driveway that Sherlock pulled their rental car into contained only five other vehicles.
Sherlock sat at the kitchen table, tongue poking out of his mouth as he concentrated on the task at hand. John watched him from his chair in front of the fireplace, nursing a hot cocoa as he savoured the feeling of contentment. Flames lapped at the faux logs in the fireplace, throwing off real heat to ward off the winter chill.
John huffed. "Might be a little late for that. We just kissed in -- well, not exactly in broad daylight, but out in public! Anyone could have seen us."
“Uncle Rudy,” Sherlock whispered, holding John’s hand in a death grip. “I never knew any of this. I wasn’t aware that he owned more than his property in Essex.”
The connection abruptly cut off.  John frowned at his phone, confused. Mycroft had indicated that he was going to tell John where Sherlock was now. After all his bluster and fuss, had he changed his mind?
for forgiveness, not the other way around. What lay between them right now was up to John to make right; Sherlock was entirely blameless.
-- so familiar and yet not, almost made him go weak in the knees. It was undoubtedly Sherlock’s, and yet the tone was laced with an undercurrent of uncertainty. His youthful vulnerability seemed to make ten years drop off him before John’s very eyes.
As his observations clicked into the right slots in his brain, panic bloomed in Sherlock’s chest. “Wait!” He tightened his grip on John’s hand. He licked his lips. “How… how long…?”
“Plenty of time, you berk. It’s not even 10 yet. We’ll eat - or at least I will - and then we can go.”
"Let's just say in my life before John -- we were acquainted. And yes, I know she's alive. So if you're amenable to giving up your sometime flirtmate..."
Ten minutes later, he woke up with his feet in Sherlock’s lap -- his *bare* feet. And they were being massaged. Sherlock Holmes was giving him a foot rub.
"Probably not much. Best to be prepared though. Every holiday, including Valentine's Day, sees an uptick in crime. If John could remain free that day, in case - "
John had a few theories of what Rosie’s first word would be. Being co-parented by an ex-army doctor and the world’s only consulting detective, the top five choices were, in order of likelihood: murder, case, clue, idiot, experiment.
Sherlock hadn’t noticed John making his way into the kitchen; he jerked backwards, clipping John’s shoulder and nearly dislodging the mug in his hand.
“Ms Holmes,” Sherlock said smoothly, extending his hand. Marjorie tracked him from head to toe, her eyes sharp and assessing. She placed her delicate hand on Sherlock’s, the tips of her long fingers touching his palm and her wrist raised daintily.
“Tickets to a debut performance of a young pianist by the name of Marjorie Holmes, apparently. No relation. They’re for next Saturday evening, 8 o’clock. Private showing, no less. Limited audience.”
“And I meant it. This night is for you. I am the host, and you are the guests.” His eyes cut to Mary, daring her to point out the obvious: that this night was entirely about John. Mary just smiled at him, expression calm and serene.
Sherlock blinked. Recovering nicely, he dipped his head and raised her hand to his lips, placing a chaste kiss on her knuckles.
That thought was like a bucket of ice water dumped over his head. At the same time, he became aware of the fact that he and Sherlock were
The last thing Sherlock expected was to be wheeled out to a fiery red Aston Martin, and told to get in already, you daft bastard. What he was expecting was a black London cab. And since when did John drive? Last Sherlock knew, he didn’t even have a valid license. Which was why Sherlock had been the one to drive during the Baskerville case. Well, apparently John could not only drive, but the way he deftly maneuvered around traffic and street corners spoke to a bit of experience in that regard. And whose car was it, exactly? Sherlock couldn’t picture himself *ever* owning a vehicle, let alone one so flashy. That was more John’s style.
Sherlock sat in his chair, counting down the minutes. And couldn’t help but wonder what John’s reaction would be to the object sitting in the palm of his hand - a ring nestled within a little black box.
Finally Sherlock raised his head and gave John a soft smile. John’s heart beat double time. Sherlock put down the scissors and lifted up his finished product: a chain of five perfect and unique snowflakes created from one sheet of construction paper.
“That you would show up at Baker Street and find everything just as you left it? I hate to be the one to break it to you, but when you arrive at 221b, you’ll find it empty and abandoned. It’s been so for the past two years.”
At least he knew that he still lived at Baker Street, and that John and Rosie lived there as well. In what capacity exactly… well. He would find that out soon enough, when John arrived in an hour to take him home. After spending another three days in hospital after regaining consciousness, Sherlock was more than ready to see the backside of his room, private though it was. He didn’t want to see another doctor besides John Watson for a very long time to come.
“It’s really too bad that you’re so dressed up and put together. Because I intend on taking you apart, right now.”
And why exactly had he not yet admitted to the extent of his memory loss? Was it more than just the great Sherlock Holmes admitting to a bit of vulnerability? Or was there something more, there? Something that he was trying to avoid?
Sherlock’s eyes returned to the text. He felt alert enough to read a little bit, at least, and really: how long could a toddler’s attention span really last? Something warm and bright flared in his chest.
He was trying to concentrate on the article in his medical journal, but continued to be distracted by Sherlock’s frenetic violin playing. It wouldn’t have been so bad if Sherlock didn’t keep stopping to scribble something down, and then start right back up again, only more discordant. Irritation kept building up until finally he snapped.
“Oh, don’t be like that. Honestly, John, what could be more perfect? You won’t have to pay a babysitter. You won’t have to ‘impose’ on either Mrs Hudson or Molly, even though you know that neither of them mind. She can stay in her home environment with as little disruption as possible. It’s not like I’ve never minded her before.”
They didn't lose one person in the transition between trivia time at the pub and John's birthday dinner at the neighboring restaurant. Everyone was having such a grand time, nobody wanted the evening to end. John was not seated near Sherlock, but he spent the entire evening throwing fond glances in his direction. The warm feeling spread from Sherlock's chest outward to the ends of his fingers and toes, and had nothing to do with the alcohol he was imbibing.
“It’s all right,” the voice said again, soft and low. “Give me a tic; I’ll dim the lighting.” Both hands disappeared and the presence shifted away. Sherlock felt the loss keenly. Thank goodness it only lasted a few seconds, just long enough for the sharp brightness to fade away. Before any time at all had passed, his companion was once again settled at his side and Sherlock’s hand was once again being held.
Sherlock smiled in spite of himself, and was pleased to see John mirror it back. “Knew you’d appreciate a visit from your number one fan. Hush, Rosie! I told you Sherlock was sick, remember? He can’t hold you right now, but maybe tomorrow. Can you tell him what you saw on the way here?”
John rocked back on his heels, hands in his pockets. He was grinning from ear to ear. It was a nauseating cliché, but Sherlock would swear he was
“Anyway, your recovery has been nothing short of miraculous - again - and I didn’t want another milestone to come and go unacknowledged. That’s all.” John finally lifted his head and locked eyes with Sherlock. “Meeting you - on this day - was the best thing that could have possibly happened to me. Besides Rosie’s birth, of course.”
The expression on Sherlock’s face morphed from one of annoyance to shock. His jaw dropped and his arm tightened around the remaining bag of groceries.
"John, this was my grandfather's. He was meant to pass it on to a male heir, but I was the only grandchild, so it came to me. I think you'll make better use of it."
"Nah. I've actually been too terrified of either losing it, or damaging it while at work or on a case with you."
Rosie, on the other hand, was bombarded with pet names on an almost daily basis. John couldn’t help himself, she was just so adorable. Even Sherlock could rarely refrain when it came to her. But that was different, of course. Little children soaked up affectionate names like the little sponges they were.
Well, the only option he had was to move forward. And as it turned out, Mary and John *did* keep that appointment. It was all John could talk about the next time he saw Sherlock, how much he enjoyed it, and how good it felt to be able to shoot a gun without having to cover his tracks afterwards. Sherlock had to bite his tongue to keep from snapping, "Just wait until your
Sherlock continued on into the kitchen. “Perhaps it’s time for a James Bond break,” he called out above the sounds of tea preparation. “Which one are we on now?”
“Mmmm,” Sherlock responded. He glanced at his phone, pretending to check the date. “It’s true, most people are dull. By the way, there is something I’ve been wanting to discuss with you.”
Sherlock adjusted his safety goggles. “There will be food, alcoholic beverages, presents, and a Christmas tree. What else is needed for a party?”
Sherlock whimpers a bit as the feeling recedes, disappearing back over the horizon but still shimmering dangerously beneath the surface.  He wills himself to take a deep breath.
“Going to gag you with this, love, but we need to review our rules first.  How do you tell me to stop when you can’t speak?”
Sherlock’s body goes taut as he comes, and John licks greedily at his hole until the waves of pleasure have subsided.  Finally, he slumps bonelessly forward into the wall.  “Oh my GOD, John.”
“This is all mine, isn’t it?” John used to be self-conscious about his possessive streak, but the fact that it turns Sherlock on as much as it does him turned out to be one of the loveliest revelations of their intimate relationship.  He runs his hands gently over Sherlock’s cheeks before pulling them apart even further so he can watch the tip of his cock disappearing and reappearing inside his lithe form.
John bites his neck again, harder this time, and Sherlock arches and keens, pelvis tilting back and up, seeking to take John impossibly deeper.
It’s heaven.  Not only does John proceed to deliver an obscenely messy blow-job (taking extra time to lave wet, luscious kisses up and down the sides of his member over and over again before sucking him down and swallowing in delirium-inducing pulses, then popping off to lick Sherlock’s balls into his mouth one at a time before pulling away to start the whole cycle over again), but he continues to fingerfuck Sherlock with ruthless intensity throughout.  Sherlock barely even registers it when he manages to slip a fourth finger inside, but the sharp pleasure of John’s thumb issuing some deliberately-placed pressure against his perineum is enough to take him to the brink.
would make Sherlock behave, and then John would come inside him again and Sherlock would wriggle and moan and sob at the sensation of being filled.
“Oh, yes, I bet that would feel good, hmm?”  John withdrew his two fingers and slicked up a third, then returned them to Sherlock’s hole and began to thrust them in and out, twisting them slightly with each undulation, just the way he knows Sherlock likes it best.
“Bear down, love, like this--” John grabs the binding around Sherlock’s leg and pulls his prone body resolutely down onto his prodding fingers.
John shifts a bit on his feet. “Before we start, I need you to answer me honestly: How are you… um, feeling?”
of the childcare responsibilities Sherlock had been taking on lately, but without him around, John and Rosie’s life had suddenly exploded into undeniable chaos.  There were mountains of laundry piled up, stacks of dishes to be washed, the fridge and cupboards were barren, and try as he might, John just couldn’t get on top of it all; without Sherlock around to care for Rosie while John took care of the housework, Rosie’s non-stop demands for attention made it virtually impossible for John to keep up.
Sherlock turns to face the source of John’s voice, and he seems unsurprised when John steps into the shallow ring of light the inn’s lamp is casting across the sidewalk.  He doesn’t try and hide the cigarette, instead opting to take a long, deliberate drag.  “Am I not supposed to be here?”
He peers into the bag and moves to reach inside, but then thinks better of it; being in the business they were in, he’d learned over the years that opening unidentified packages sent anonymously was perhaps not the brightest idea.  With an exasperated sigh, he turns and plods back upstairs, flings the bag unceremoniously onto the coffee table, and returns his attention to his mobile.
Instead, Sherlock just watches starry-eyed as John dotes on him like Mycroft’s not even there.  He toasts Sherlock’s bagel for him, slathers it with (what John considers to be) a criminal amount of cream cheese, and places it in front of him with a loving peck on the top of his head and a tender squeeze of his shoulders.  Sherlock preens, delighted to show Mycroft just how
They both laugh, and John stops shredding the coaster long enough to take another drink of beer, then he finally settles back in the booth.
Then they’d become rather distracted making love on the sitting room floor for the better part of two hours.
Then John’s wailing through gritted teeth, and Sherlock can feel John’s fingers tangle in his hair.  He only has a moment to brace himself before John yanks Sherlock’s head back by the roots, arching his back, causing Sherlock’s passage to clamp down around John’s rock-hard cock like a vice.  Sherlock screams in agony, and with that, John comes, rocketing forward to sink his teeth mercilessly into Sherlock’s shoulder, the pain a bright flash amidst the onslaught of sensation.
Finally, John withdraws his fingers and uses his free hand to give Sherlock’s hair an affectionate ruffle.  “Very nice, love.  Well done.  Now, remember the rules of the game: you have to keep your hands in place, or you won’t get the grand prize.  Understood?”
“Christ almighty, Sherlock, what did I ever do to deserve you, hmm?”  John presses a light kiss to the back of his neck, and a shiver dances its way up Sherlock’s spine.  He moans desperately, hoping John will hurry up, before he loses control altogether.  “Mmm, alright, love, going to fill you up now, yeah?”
“So.  Here’s the deal.”  Aaron pulls out a chair and slaps down the pile of papers.  John leans forward to bury his face in his hands.
Why is anger and possessiveness all twisted together with his voyeurism and sadism and dominant tendencies?  Why does he so badly want Sherlock to disobey him, just so he can break Sherlock all over again and make him do nothing
“So where should we start?”  He’s committed to keeping this professional-- and to preventing John from storming out, which Sherlock strongly suspects he’s about one wry innuendo away from doing.
Sherlock blinks back up at him, looking vaguely skeptical.  “We can… do something else, if you’d like… hand jobs, blow jobs…”
shaft Victor is servicing so thoroughly, but tonight he’s enraptured by the sight of Javier and the way the muscles in his glutes flex so gorgeously as he begins to fuck into Victor’s mouth in earnest.
sight that would be, John swimming in a coat nearly taller than he was himself, and dissolve into a hysterical bout of giggles that ceases only once they’re seated comfortably at the pub, working their way through a shared Ploughman’s Lunch and a pair of pints).
But Sherlock knows better.  Because when he’s himself, he makes strangers feel uncomfortable and he says awkward things and dead ends even the most robust conversations.  Normally he wouldn’t care about doing any of those things, but when he was doing it to John’s
Jenny takes his hand in hers and gives it a squeeze.  The gesture is unexpected, and Sherlock can feel his face soften in response.  He squeezes back.  He could do this.  This was Jenny.  If anyone would understand, it would be her.
Though the second emission seems to be more in line with prostate milking than actual ejaculation, it seems to me--”
I’ve had some requests to see these two using their newly-acquired skills from therapy, so here we have it.
John sighs and follows suit.  “It’s not ‘Doctor Captain,’ you know,” he calls after her.  “It’s one or the other.  You don’t use them together.”
And somehow, having John’s hand in his own is the key.  Despite the fact that he’s being used so vigorously his brain can’t quite comprehend what is happening to his body, the feeling of John’s fingers entwined with his is the only thing in the world that matters.  John is hanging onto him, tethering him to reality, keeping him safe and secure and treasured.  No matter what John is currently doing to his arse, he is
Finally, John swallows.  “Alright.  That’s fine.”  He finishes serving them and puts the pan back on the stove, then takes his seat.  He’s avoiding eye contact.
“When he said I needed extra protection, I rather assumed he’d come over himself.  Didn’t realise he was contracting out his guard dog.”
Before he can overthink it, he leans forward and sinks his teeth into one fleshy mound then seals his lips to the tender skin and
For his part, John feels that standing is entirely beyond his capacity.  He manages to pull himself up just far enough to collapse back into his chair with a satiated sigh.  He closes his eyes and stretches out his legs (his knees were a bit achy-- Christ, they really were getting too old for floor sex), reveling in the post-coital bliss.
The morning of the Stag Night, John makes love to Sherlock.  It feels important, somehow, to affirm the special connection they share before embarking on… well, whatever the hell it was they’d be embarking on.  He knows Sherlock feels it, too, as he gazes up at John from beneath fluttering lashes, their fingers entwined and breath intermingling.  It’s soft and sweet and slow and sensual, and John loses himself completely in the unique perfection of it.  Somehow, no matter how many times he’s had Sherlock like this, it’s
Sherlock couldn’t struggle even if he wanted to.  Normally when John chokes him he’ll thrash and flail, make John work to take him down, but he’s so far past that now the thought seems absurd.  Not only that, but he’s so thoroughly bound that he’s not sure he could lift so much as a finger in protest.  So instead, he simply gazes up adoringly into John’s feral eyes as his vision dims and the world whites out.
John gives him a wane smile.  “It was a lot for me, too, Sherlock.  I wanted to try it because I’d read on the message boards that it was a really intense bonding experience for some couples, and considering we’ve cut so much of the extreme stuff out of our repertoire, I wanted to experiment with it to see if we could reach a similar high without crossing any of our new boundaries.”  Sherlock nods understandingly; John’s reasoning made sense.
Aaron is as good as his word, and he plays his part beautifully, much to John’s relief.  He doesn’t come off as lecherous or opportunistic, and he diligently respects the limits John had set forth.  He simply moves with Sherlock, touching him, caressing him in ways that make John’s blood boil and his trousers feel unnaturally tight.  The sight of Sherlock in the arms of someone else ignites John’s most primal, possessive instincts, and he’s quickly overwhelmed with the desire to
And before he can stop himself, he’s lost in the throes of a climax so intense, he barely registers what’s happening.  It feels as though his entire
John sets his jaw and glares out the window, attempting to calculate how much further until they reach town; as far as he’s concerned, the ride couldn’t be over fast enough.  “I wasn’t compensating for anything.”
“Good.”  John leans down and presses another kiss to the nape of his neck, causing his skin to erupt in gooseflesh, and Sherlock shivers.  John just giggles, gently presses Sherlock’s legs apart, positions himself between them, and guides his cock back inside.
Sherlock gives him a shy smile.  “You’re welcome.  And maybe talking about Mary’s death will be good for me, too.”
reminding him of his dalliance.  A bead of precome leaks from the tip of his engorged member, and he sighs with contentment.
All too soon, John’s forced to prop himself up on his hands again.  “Nnngh, fuck, can’t last much longer.  Touch yourself, yeah?”
John pulls up a chair at the table and sits down next to Rosie, who is resoundingly occupied rolling every colour of Play-Doh into a giant wad.  “I think that’s giving you a bit too much credit.  Though I WILL say that you seem to have some sort of placating effect on Rosie; the entire time you were away, she was a bloody nuisance; I couldn’t get two seconds to myself.  And I come home and you’ve got her tamed like you’re some sort of magical toddler-whisperer.”
Sherlock has stripped the duvet off the bed and covered his side of it with a towel.  On the nightstand, he’s set out the lube, his smaller (standard) anal plug, the larger vibrating anal plug, and the long, slim vibrating wand.  The man himself is stark naked (save for John’s dog tags), splayed out on the bed, and already two fingers deep in his own arse.
That he’d somehow misread your vital signs, miscalculated your pulse point, misperceived your pupils.”
Sherlock is a Drama Queen.  He knows this.  He knows this, and while the title used to make him feel rather affronted, there are moments when he’s come to embrace it.
John throws his head back and gasps, and Sherlock thrusts faster.  John manages to use what little brain power he can muster to remind his hands that they ought to be helpful, too, and they find their way to Sherlock’s chest, where his fingers commence teasing and toying with his nipples, just how Sherlock likes it best.
John quivered through the aftershocks, aiming the last few pulses at Sherlock’s open mouth before tracing Sherlock’s plush lips with the moist tip of his cock.
Then John positions himself between Sherlock’s legs and is about to drive home when Sherlock’s brain throws the red flag.
He continues to grind up into Seb’s twitching thrusts and then down into the mattress as his cock spills pulse after pulse of come underneath him.  His eyes roll back in his head and he forgets to breathe and everything is beautiful.
Luckily, moments later Greg reappears with two shots and a fresh pint for himself.  They down the shots as Greg settles back into the booth, and John can feel the liquid courage bolstering his resolve.
Sherlock doesn’t miss a beat.  “Common misconception, that. The etymology of the name is quite unique, actually; it has roots in old English, with
He’d finished coming, and then John had kept him on his knees for a few more minutes while he finished feeding Sherlock the remainder of the come from his face.  Then he’d smiled down at Sherlock like he’d hung the moon, and helped him to his feet.
“There we go, sweetheart, lovely.  Stand up.”  Sherlock complies instantly, turning to face John, his expression dazed.  John glances down and notes Sherlock’s cock is so hard it’s pulsing in front of him, a deep, flushed red.  Perfect.  Fucking perfect.
struck something dark and fragile buried deep within Sherlock, and before he knew it, he had whirled around to grip Aaron harshly by the wrist with wholly more force than the situation warranted, his lips pulled back into a defensive snarl.
“Mmm.”  John gives a noncommittal hum and flicks on the electric kettle they keep in the lab area, then rummages through the cupboard for some mugs.
John cocks his head and narrows his eyes appraisingly.  “And if I were to pin you down and lick you, lap up your scent, taste your pheromones on my tongue and swallow them down, that would… interest you?”
John pounds into him, railing against his prostate, and Sherlock stiffens as he feels a new stream of come begin to leak from his oversensitive member.  John’s milked him before, and this feels like that, so intense, it’s so
John smiles at him.  “Good.  Why don’t you be good and get ready for bed, sweetheart?  Put your pajamas on and brush your teeth.  I’ll join you in a bit.”
His hands shake as he lights his first cigarette, but the moment the smoke hits his lungs, he calms.  He lowers himself onto the gritty metal step and shivers.  It’s unusually brisk tonight.
Sherlock throws his head back and wails.  “OH! Oh fuck, oh, fuck, fuck me, fuck me, oh CHRIST! God, oh, oh please, Captain, CAPTAIN, FUCK! FUCK!  OH, yes, GOD, come in me, please, please come in me, please…”
“Do it.”  Sherlock complies, his eyes still closed, lost in the moment.  John’s mouth feels dry as he admires the perfect pert swell of his arse and the graceful arch of his back, the way his hips sway
And then there’s hot breath on his shaft, followed by the light press of lips, then the deliciously slick stroke of a tongue.  Sherlock trembles and slams his eyes shut, willing himself to keep quiet; he mustn’t ruin this for them both.  Luckily, John only teases him with a few more decadent licks before closing his mouth around the crown of Sherlock’s cock and sucking him down in one slide.
“Mmmm, good.  Now, let’s see what we’re working with, here…” With a false air of nonchalance, John begins to casually lick and kiss a trail down Sherlock’s heaving chest.  He pauses ever so briefly to suckle at Sherlock’s peaked nipples (Sherlock arches helplessly as the skin tightens in response, sending a zing of arousal up his spine) before continuing down his sternum, disappearing beneath the duvet as Sherlock wriggles and squirms.
He’d already had to delay the start of his experiment for three days because John was called out of town to address some issues with his father’s health (John had been vague with the details, and Sherlock knew better than to pry), leaving Sherlock in charge of Rosie.  She’d gone to daycare during the day, but mornings and evenings had been a jumble of frenetic domestic responsibility, making bringing his attention back to the Work considerably more challenging than usual, since he couldn’t remain completely immersed in it as he normally would.
good doctor. You’ve recently retired  -- congratulations, by the way -- and have been considering volunteering for Doctors Without Borders, not only to keep your skills honed but to keep your mind sharp and the grief of your sister’s recent death at bay --”
They were pressed up against each other so tightly they could barely breathe. John kept trying, and failing, to suppress his giggles.
As luck would have it, John's birthday fell on a Sunday, so there had been no need to take his work schedule into account. Sherlock hadn’t reached out to Mary at all, to determine the plans she had for John, if any. He fell back on relying solely on his investigative skills, which rarely steered him wrong.
Sherlock shook himself out of his trance, and realised he wasn’t making good use of this opportunity. He crept up the stairs to Rosie's room, careful to keep his steps light. He opened the door and snuck in, taking in the room at a glance. A beige sofa-bed, currently in sofa mode, was pushed up against the far wall, bracketed by an end table and a chest of drawers. Rosie’s cot was situated at the opposite wall, with the child in question currently snuggled under a Winnie-the-Pooh duvet, sound asleep. A wooden rocking chair with a green cushion, a changing table, and a chest that Sherlock presumed contained Rosie’s toys completed the scene.
All the signs were there. So why hadn’t John kissed him yet? Not even on the cheek. Why hadn’t he joined Sherlock in their bed? Granted, the latter may be just some misplaced medical concern, but the former?
So. Try as I might, I couldn’t limit this one to 221 words without sacrificing the little story I wanted to tell. It’s still less than 300 words, with a final b-word ;)
"Oh, sure. But he's not the love of my life. And I'm not his. Look. When we first met, he was very open about how he felt about you. But you were gone -- dead -- and we just clicked. The chemistry was undeniable. I think he even thought about proposing. But then, you came back. And things... changed."
John had left a while ago, promising to return before visiting hours ended. With a twinkle in his eye, he had said that he was bringing back a surprise for Sherlock. All Sherlock really wanted was answers and some clarification.
"Oh Sherlock!" She pulled out a silk scarf, which she promptly wrapped around her neck. "It's gorgeous, thank you. It matches my purple outfit!"
was the one who had arranged this party all on his own, when John said, “Okay, then. Mary and I have no other plans, so we’ll be there. Seven, you said? Do we need to bring anything?”
Their final destination was a drawing room of sorts, located just past the main ‘ballroom’. Although smaller than the room they had just exited, it was still spacious and inviting.  An old fashioned piano was placed at the far side of the room. Several rows of upholstered wooden benches were lined up on the opposite side, half of which were occupied with spectators.
Even though Sherlock evidently knew what he was doing, John was *not* going to take advantage. He wasn’t. He had done enough of that back in his youth, garnering him the nickname ‘Three Continents Watson’. It was not a label he held with pride.
“No need, Mr - Sherlock. I appreciate the gesture, but steps were taken long ago to assure my place in society. I have made my peace with it.”
"Oh!" Mary grabbed John's arm. "I almost forgot. It was tradition in my family to give each person one gift on Christmas Eve. I brought it with me in case we were out past midnight, because it was very important to give it while the day was still the 24th." She gave Sherlock an apologetic look. "I'm sorry, Sherlock; I don't have anything for
“And I feel the same, John. You’ve certainly changed my life for the better. I couldn’t have asked for a more suitable  -- companion.”
John glanced around as he and Sherlock exited their vehicle. He barked out a laugh. “Very atmospheric, this.”
Sherlock stood in front of his board, staring at all of the strings and thumb tacks and photographs, brain making connections. John walked in with Rosie in his arms. She took her thumb out of her mouth, pointed, and proclaimed…
John whistled in appreciation. “Fancy. Leave it to Mycroft Holmes to remember our anniversary, and to somehow know that we’ve made no plans of our own. Holmes, you say? Interesting. I wonder why he chose her, aside from the name. Have you heard of her?”
Why had he allowed himself to become so fond of her, that they had created a friendship all their own?
Just then a familiar military cadence sounded on the stairs. Before the door could open, Sherlock sank down into the chair, carefully set his coffee to the side, and picked up the placard.
Sherlock abruptly stood up, swaying alarmingly as he did so. He blinked until he only saw one head on John's shoulders instead of three.
Mary considered. “It probably is, for most couples. I think he’d just appreciate a quiet evening at home, for once. Unless you have some exciting adventure planned, of course.” She grinned at him.
“Magnificent!” Sherlock shouted as he clapped along with everyone else. He was on his feet, as was John and the entire audience. For such a small crowd, the noise was almost deafening.
"I have an open investigation I'm working on. Cheating wife, romantic entanglements, quite boring actually. But I believe the suspect will make a move on the holiday. Can I count on John's help?"
John spent the next two days fairly sure that he had ruined everything. He should never have taken Sherlock up on his offer. He had no doubt that Sherlock could keep everything compartmentalized, but John couldn’t. Not when it came to Sherlock Holmes. He had been in love with his flatmate for so long, that there had never been a question of John turning Sherlock down. It was like offering him the chance to walk the battlefield again, maybe even wander onto a minefield. John never could resist the danger.
“Sorry,” John whispered. “You have to admit, though; hiding behind a skip, with me stuck between you and a concrete wall, gives new meaning to the phrase ‘between a rock and a hard place’”. John pressed his fist to his mouth to contain the laughter threatening to burst forth.
John hesitated for a moment. He looked down and cleared his throat. Then he nodded, as if coming to a decision. He tapped the notebook with his finger. He waved a hand at their surroundings. “Trying to remind me of our history together. The cases. Our first case. You don’t have to keep apologizing, Sherlock. I’ve forgiven you.”
Mycroft’s voice carried on smoothly over his own, as if he’d never spoken.  “Even after you were gone, my brother kept the lines of communication open so that you would always have a way to come back, if you so chose. If you
"Mary already explained things to me, John. You are spared having to articulate your feelings yourself." Sherlock gave him a genuine smile, one that even reached his eyes.
He didn’t know how much time had passed, but the next thing he knew he was flat on his back with an armful of Sherlock Holmes, who was lying on top of him and kissing him with the sweetest, most lingering, most erotic kiss that John had ever received in his life. He found his hands tangled in Sherlock’s hair and giving small tugs every so often, resulting in delicious sounds issuing from his flatmate. Sherlock’s hand wandered underneath John’s jumper and tweaked his nipples, causing John to arch and almost tumble off the sofa.
Right now his thoughts were focussed on one man who was presently at work and expected home within the hour.  Sherlock’s brain was currently in a loop of
She had so many uncles, it was almost embarrassing. Uncle Mycroft, Uncle Greg, Uncle Bill, Uncle Mike, just to name a few. She had almost as many aunts: Aunt Harry, Aunt Molly, Aunt Janine, Aunties Sally and Stella (those two came as a unit these days).
So... it's been over a year since I posted the first chapter. Apologies, dear readers. This past year totally got away from me. But I just recently dusted everything off, and here I am again. I have every intention of finishing this story. Thank you for your patience, especially lyciuum.
John stared. Surely Sherlock couldn’t mean -- he didn’t know what he was offering. John was determined not to take advantage.
John interjected, addressing the worker. “So you’re saying there was nothing scheduled here for last night? There was no -- exhibition, no gathering of any kind.”
John grinned. “You’re no fun.” He bumped shoulders with Sherlock and gave his hand a quick squeeze before returning to soldier mode. “All right, who are we - hey, is that him? The bald bloke in a green jacket?”
Sherlock’s brain whited out. The only thing he registered was the movement of John’s lips against his own. He didn't know how much time passed between the beginning of the kiss, and John asking, "Was that all right?"
By the time they bid each other goodnight, the tension they had both been feeling bled away, allowing them to get a restful night’s sleep.
I realize that the last two words are technically one word, but I chose to do it this way because I thought it would make a cute last b-word for this 221b ficlet. Go with it ;)
“Well, how could I say no? Although why aren’t you asking Mycroft? Surely he would be your first choice?”
“So John, what’s so urgent that you needed an emergency pub night? Sherlock driving you round the bend again?”
“Sherlock.” John swallowed. “It’s perfect. Thank you. I look forward to writing up our cases. Hopefully in the near future?"
First, he contacted everyone of importance in John's life, bar Mary, and verified that they were all free on the appropriate day. He stressed that it was to be a surprise, and swore everyone to secrecy on pain of death.
Obviously some time had passed since his last pre-accident memory. At least a year, quite possibly a fair number more, given the changes in John’s appearance. Nobody else had been by to see him yet, given that the doctors had only just cleared him for such. When administering the cognitive tests earlier, they had asked him who the current prime minister was and the year, but John had just laughed and told them those were things Sherlock didn’t retain with a perfectly functioning memory, let alone while sporting a head trauma. He correctly passed all of their other tests: he knew his name, his birthday, his address, and any number of other questions designed to evaluate his mental state and thought processes, not to mention his physical state. Sherlock admitted to a gap in his memory of several days, but no more.
John, however, was crawling out of his skin by mid-day. It wasn’t that he couldn’t find things to do. He owned several unread novels and unwatched DVDs. He tried his hand at some cooking. There was always cleaning and tidying to be done, bills to be paid. The thing was, all of those things bored him to tears within an hour. There was some repair work he could apply himself toward, if only he didn’t need to go shopping for supplies first. The last case he and Sherlock worked was already written up and published on his blog. He had answered every one of the several dozen comments it had garnered.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as his free hand flew to his mouth, as if to stuff the words he had let loose in the frenzy of his deductions back behind his lips. He looked at John with a stricken expression.
“Look.” John stared at his cake, avoiding eye contact. “You know this sort of stuff is difficult for me. Always has been and I haven’t got any better in my old age.” He huffed out a nervous laugh.
“No, John,” Sherlock scoffed, phone on speaker as he titrated a precise amount of reagent into his solution. “You know how I feel about gatherings of
Reverently, he reached in and brought forth from the white tissue paper a thick, leather-bound notebook. His fingers traced the symbol engraved into the glossy brown cover: the insignia of the Royal Army Medical Corps. Underneath it were the words: A Soldier, and a Doctor.
When the day did come, and the word was spoken, it seemed the most natural thing in the world. Of course it was that word; what other could it possibly be?
“Oh, you know. The usual. Suspect clocked you with a two-by-four, you went down like a ton of bricks, I tackled him and trussed him up, called an ambulance, contacted Scotland Yard -- all in a day’s work.”
Then the day arrived when it all came to a head. Honestly, John was surprised it hadn’t happened sooner.
Sherlock blinked. His expression remained impassive. “I’ve spent the last two days thinking, eliminating my initial hypothesis, re-interpreting the data, and coming to a conclusion. I’ve also decided that it’s best to just get this over with -- rip the bandage off, so to speak.” He took a deep breath in preparation for what was sure to be a classic Sherlockian monologue.
“Whatcha got there?” John asked breezily, giving Sherlock’s shoulder a squeeze as he passed by on his way to the kitchen.
Mary frowned. “Valentine’s Day? Hadn’t really thought about it. John isn’t the most romantic bloke on the planet, you realise. I figured just takeaway and a movie.”
“Ah, I see.  You’re planning to just show up on his doorstep, aren’t you? You really haven’t thought this through much at all, have you, Dr Watson?”
The Harvest moon hung large and bright in the evening sky, seemingly at rest on top of the nearby weeping willow. The light fog that had been present since dinnertime lent a dampness to the crisp night air, the mist swirling around their legs and parting before them as they made their way to the well-lit entrance.
John slanted his eyes towards Sherlock. “Such a sweet talker you are. How did I ever live without you?”
John batted his eyelashes coquettishly. “I’ve already given myself away, darling, to my one and only.”
Molly Hooper and Henry Knight? Check. Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner? Check. Mycroft Holmes and Inspector Lestrade? Check.
Rosie shook her head. She stuck her fingers in her mouth and regarded him with a somber expression. Sherlock’s heart swelled.
A day later, Sherlock lay in his hospital bed alone, thoughts racing. He thought the examinations, tests and questions would never end, but at the end of it all he was pronounced well on his way to a full recovery. His left arm was badly bruised and sprained, but no bones were broken. His skull and brain had been left relatively unharmed from the blow that had sent him into a brief coma. John had been a steady presence in the room for almost the entire time. Part of Sherlock wondered a bit about that, but then again, John was a medical doctor and had been right there during the attack, the first person to begin treating Sherlock’s injuries. Or so Sherlock had been told.
As Christmas approached, Sherlock put his plan into action. He and John had only celebrated one Christmas together before things… happened, and they had not exchanged gifts with each other then. Sherlock was not a gift-giving person in general, and he deduced that John would consider exchanging gifts between two blokes as somehow not the done thing. Now, though, Sherlock wanted to make his intentions clear. Those intentions being romantic ones. Intentions that said ‘you are mine, not hers’ in a subtle, yet obvious, way.
John laughed. “Well, heaven forbid. I’m sure it will be something having to do with solving mysteries. She’s surrounded by detectives on a regular basis, I’m sure she picked something up from them.”
Sherlock’s hand started to tremble as it traced the image of John’s face. Mortified, Sherlock withdrew his hand and clenched it into a fist as he stepped back. Thank god John was not around to see such a display. Speaking of, he would be returning soon, so Sherlock had to pull himself together and start acting normal. As if he didn’t feel unmoored and totally at sea.
“The same table we had during that first night,” John had commented, and Sherlock flushed with pleasure that John remembered.
“Not enough data at this time. Oh Mycroft, you wonderful, stupendous pain in my arse. This just may make up for all of your past failings.” Sherlock practically vibrated in his seat. “BRILLIANT!”
this time. I won’t abide it if you break his heart again.  I would make some kind of threat, but I’m sure your situation is quite clear to you.”
Today was the rare day when she had the day off while John was working, and she had showed up at Sherlock’s doorstep claiming to be “bored”.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him from his spot on the floor. He ran his hand over the newspaper clipping he had just added to the scrapbook and calmly turned the page.
Before he had a chance to talk himself out of it, he pulled out his mobile and opened his London contact list. His eyes grew soft as he scrolled down the names, nostalgia and sentiment tugging on his memory. Over the years he had tried deleting them, more than once. But every time his finger hovered and trembled over the delete button, a sharp ache lanced through his chest and panic paralyzed his muscles. Those names represented everyone he had loved and cared about during the most crucial time of his life. To get rid of them would mean getting rid of the best part of himself.
“John. Do you not recall his reaction when we broke into his house and tried to scare him half to death? Mostly succeeded too, if I remember correctly.”
“No strings attached? It’s over when our quarantine is over? No expectations other than….passing the time?”
John was Daddy, of course. Sherlock, eventually, became Papa. Mr and Mrs Holmes, to their delight, were referred to as Nana and Granddad. John would never deny them that, given that they would most likely (most certainly, Mycroft claimed) have no other grandchildren.
His eyes were still closed, but he had no desire to open them. The light pressing down on them was already too bright, almost painful. Another hand cupped his forehead, blocking most of it and providing a measure of relief.
“As you say. Good evening, gentlemen.” Marjorie Holmes caressed the piano keys one more time before turning around and exiting stage left.
The shock of that name being spoken aloud, after so many years of neither speaking nor hearing it, sent the equivalent of an electric shock through John’s body. All the air was sucked out of his lungs. His left hand tightened around the phone and his right fist clenched on his knee. Hyper-awareness of his surroundings flooded in, from the rocking of the carriage to the clacking of the wheels on the tracks.
Sherlock knew he was babbling, but he couldn’t help himself. It was almost as if he expected the universe to intervene and ruin --
Several heads swiveled around to fix Sherlock with glares. Sherlock dipped his head in apology. He reached for John’s hand and led him to their seats in the front row.
"It's lilac," Sherlock muttered, then a little louder, "You're quite welcome." Dear god, would the inanities never end? "Your turn, John."
Until the most recent New Year’s Eve gala at Barts. Mike kept passing out beers to John and whiskeys to Sherlock until they were both at the premium level of intoxication. Then he steered them both under the mistletoe at the same time. When the two finally locked lips, to the raucous applause and wolf whistles of everybody there, Mike blew out a sigh of relief.
John shrugged. “I dunno. Maybe your brother just played an elaborate practical joke on us? Although that doesn’t really seem his style, does it?”
Sherlock shook himself. “Sorry. You’re welcome, John. The cases are what we do, yes? Where would you and I be without the cases? It’s what brought us together in the first place. It’s what binds us together now.”
John loved watching Sherlock when the other man was unaware of being watched. Focussed as he was on his task, serious intent writ on the lines of his forehead, the detective was in his element. Nothing could distract him until the deed was complete, and John had no desire to interrupt. This project was very important to Sherlock, and he was working with a deadline.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, tracking John and Mary’s cab as it pulled away. He pressed the tissue harder against the blood flowing from his nose. Mary had promised to talk John round, a playful glint in her eye as she had said it. He really couldn’t read her intentions very well at all. She reminded him of Irene Adler.
“I think you have your dates and locations mixed up, sir. That performance took place last month by the London Symphony Orchestra, in… London.”
Sherlock considered. Would they have also married on the anniversary of their first meeting? Seemed a bit...well, trite. And clichéd. Not like them at all.
Mrs Hudson had been visiting her sister in Dorset when the ‘stay-at-home’ order had come down, so she was stuck there for the time being. The boys basically had the run of the entire building until Mrs Hudson was allowed to return.
There was silence on the other end for about thirty seconds. John knew it was a test of some sort, so he quashed his natural impatience and forced himself to wait it out.
Of course, John expressed the appropriate level of astonishment at the effort put forth into making this evening perfect. Sherlock smiled as John’s eyes widened and his mouth fell open when he walked in the door. A freshly harvested tree sat in the corner of the sitting room, twinkling with colourful fairy lights that were reflected in the dozens of silver baubles hanging from the branches. The mantel was draped in white fabric meant to suggest snow… with a nativity scene complete with ceramic manger, angels, shepherds, and wise men. And camels. Two neatly wrapped gifts sat square in the middle of the coffee table, one in forest green and the other in cherry red. Christmas carols played in the background, coming from everywhere and nowhere.
Sherlock chewed on his lip thoughtfully as he drove. “He knew I’d have to experience it for myself, or I would have just laughed in his face..."
“You’re welcome.” Sherlock fiddled with his napkin, wishing that the food would hurry up and arrive so they would both have something to focus on besides each other.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “I imagined you using it to write up our cases, before transferring the final versions to your blog. Unless you wanted to use it for your
But ever since that first day, there was one word that John would call him that never failed to make Sherlock go weak in the knees. Just three syllables, spoken in that breathy tone of his, combined with a fond (or amused) look that always took Sherlock's breath away:
Then the books came out. As soon as John finished one story, Rosie demanded another. And another. And --
“When you’re throwing a punch, it’s important to keep your thumb on the outside of your fist—otherwise you’ll end up with a shattered thumb and that hurts like the devil, I can tell you from experience. You want to place it here between these two fingers. Punch with your knuckles not the flats of your fingers, and always keep your wrist straight.”
Sherlock dropped his eyes and John lost himself momentarily in the lovely shapes Sherlock’s downcast eyelashes made against his cheeks, the spiky shadows they cast in the low golden light.
Mortified that his affection can be so obvious, Sherlock risks a look up again in defiance of his own shame, just in time to see John climb up the gunwale and vanish over the other side.
Sherlock hadn’t said a word since the encounter with Jones, and John could feel the weight of his silence starting to press against him, drawing his notice. They had been working for hours to help clear the warehouse and now it was almost midday, the sun burning unusually bright in the colorless London sky.
But after several silent minutes, the stretch of Sherlock’s neck, the hard flare of his nostrils, the closeness, the masculine scent of him in the warm dark proximity of the carriage, John couldn’t help himself. He coiled his own fist on his thigh in an effort to keep himself from moving and shifted again.
The captain seizes Sherlock by the hair and pulls him from the bed into the corridor. John, leaping after, his nudity somehow rendering him all the more glorious, his body lit up by the splendor of his fury like Achilles charging in the heat of battle, jaw clenched and muscles gleaming, but before he can reach Sherlock’s side, he is restrained. It takes half a dozen men to seize him, and when they finally succeed, his arms pinned to his heaving sides, John roars like a lion they have chained.
Sure enough, before Sherlock has even fully absorbed the sensation of John’s warm lips against the skin of his knuckles, John is turning his hand over and pressing a kiss to the tips of his fingers.
“Jesus, Sherlock! What? What could be so important about the Haymarket Strangler that it can’t wait until I’m dressed?”
Thank you, as always for reading! The rest of the next chapter is mostly written, so I am hoping to get it up in the next month or so (maybe even sooner!). So stay tuned for more soon! :D
He looks up from the gun and into John’s eyes. The lines in his face are deep, the set of his mouth cruel.  John knew men in the military like this, men who joined for all the worst reasons; before he met James Moriarty they were the most dangerous people John had ever encountered.
He has a vague notion of leaving the tavern and getting some fresh air, which is why he’s currently fighting his way towards the door, but he’s having difficulty making much progress.
“You scurvy bilge rats!” He lunged for the sword mounted on the wall of Sherlock’s room and there was a brief, furious struggle while Sherlock fought to restrain him.
Much as he is always suspicious of anyone who appears to treat him with good intentions, as far as Sherlock can tell, the Colonel’s sentiments were genuine, and it seems that he really had simply stopped to talk with Sherlock to see how he was getting on.
He pressed a kiss to the pulse throbbing in John’s throat and then bit down briefly, teeth scraping the sensitive skin, before sucking the place he had just bruised. John gasped brokenly at the sensation, his mouth falling open.
week I’ve thought about doing this to you. And I can’t—”  Sherlock licked a trail down John’s throat, pausing to lap at the groove between his collarbones, his voice unsteady. “I heard you, yesterday… in the shower… s-saying my name.”
Sherlock turns toward him with a happy sigh, burying his face in against John’s shoulder. He inhales deeply, savoring the scent that is so distinctly John’s. When he speaks, his voice is muffled by John’s warm skin. “I was afraid it might have all been a dream.”
He draws his mouth up slowly, and then allows himself one more self-indulgent lick over the slit, circling the head of John’s cock with his tongue, before swallowing it down again. Then, keeping one hand at the base to guide his movements, he begins to bob his head in a steady rhythm, his other hand on John’s splayed thigh.
John wriggled closer, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s hand, his own palm hot against the skin of his belly. He tilted his chin back to look at Sherlock but all he could see was the light from the rainy windows reflected on the ceiling. “I dreamed you were telling me about plants.”
The desire to be alone, to be in darkness, was overwhelming, but the cut on his arm was deeper than he cared to admit and likely needed stitching. He couldn’t ignore it any longer.
He locks his ankles around John’s lower back with a low whine, pushing his body harder into John’s. As if in response John bites down again on Sherlock’s neck, making Sherlock cry out in sharp surprise, which seems to incite John to do it again, and again, sucking and biting and licking until Sherlock is looping his arms around John’s neck, arching his back to press his body closer, baring his throat to John’s greedy mouth with a ragged moan.
Despite the fact that it is night, the upper deck is strangely illuminated, its wooden surface polished smooth and gleaming, painted bone white in the light of the moon. The deck is cold under his bare feet, so cold it burns him. It feels like walking over ice, as if he’s walking on the surface of the moon itself.
Sherlock notes with interest Deverall’s sudden movement in response to the man’s words as if he’s about to tell him to stop talking. But he’s interrupted anyway by the sound of running footsteps.
Lestrade’s face goes grey. His voice is a vicious whisper. “Why would the captain want to poison his first officer?”
Sherlock knows that John is right. He knows he should let John up, but John’s body is so warm beneath his, John’s skin is salty underneath his tongue, and apart from his words, John is making no sign of protest at the downward progression of Sherlock’s hot, inquisitive mouth.
Even as he thinks it, he parts his lips and John responds in turn, the soft heat of his own mouth opening, fitting over Sherlock’s so perfectly, the wet sweep of his tongue finding Sherlock’s bottom lip and tracing it with careful reverence, making Sherlock gasp again in shocked delight.
Seeing him like this brings to mind the sight of him in the shadow of the pumps: face creased with grime, his eyes twin pools of sorrow, and the contrast between the John of then, and now, makes Sherlock’s chest feel as though it is suddenly too small for his heart.
This explanation seems to satisfy the assembled company, except for Ironsides who is apparently still mourning Molly’s absence. It’s common knowledge that Ironsides always grows a bit maudlin around his third pint, so everyone ignores it.
He almost considers telling her about Ms. Simpson—he has a feeling it would make her laugh. But as soon as he thinks it he catches himself.
Even with no knowledge of naval custom, Sherlock can tell from the expressions on everyone’s faces that what the captain has just done is a breach of etiquette.
Sherlock does not know how long he has been holding onto his mug as if for dear life, staring with a vacant expression into its depths, when he hears Stamford’s gentle voice cut through the noise of the tavern.
With trembling fingers, John undid the buttons on Sherlock’s trousers and pushed the material down his hips. He groaned when he saw Sherlock’s straining cock; it was flushed deep red, the tip of it already shining with pre-come.
All the while, Sherlock’s hands are clenched tight between his thighs, and it’s all he can do to keep from chanting out loud the plea running on loop through his head.
Neither of them said anything, and after a few shatteringly loud heartbeats, John felt himself relax into Sherlock’s side.
“Right. Right.” John let out a long slow breath, which did nothing to help abate his anger. “Since it’s such a waste of time, I’ll make things easier for you, shall I?”
It takes Sherlock a moment to respond. Speaking suddenly feels beyond him. He keeps his eyes closed.
John was suddenly, blazingly grateful that Sherlock hadn’t waited any longer than he had to make the first move.
He dresses carefully, meaningfully, lacing up the ties on his breeches with trembling fingers, tucking the scarf in at his throat with more attention than he has ever bestowed upon it, tugging his waistcoat so firmly into place that it feels as though he is being embraced by its snug fit.
His fists are curled above his head in a helpless gesture, and to see John, whose strength is as much a part of him as his easy smile, his blue eyes, his quick temper, to see John made vulnerable in this way, his body shaking under Sherlock’s hands—it makes Sherlock’s throat close up, makes him reach his free hand down and lay it on John’s trembling abdomen, overcome with the beauty of the man before him.
Sherlock’s hips gave two uneven jerks in quick succession and then he was coming, pulsing down John’s throat, his eyes fixed on John’s until they fluttered closed as another wave hit him and pulled him under.
“See? They don’t even mind it.” He was smiling a sick, self-satisfied smile, watching the expression on Sherlock’s face. “You think these animals feel pain like we do? They don’t. Here’s a little game I like to play—how many shots does it take to stop ’em?”
Sherlock nods, his curls brushing John’s cheek as he leans in. He can’t speak—he’s too overcome by the intimacy of this moment, at the feeling of his slick finger poised against this place on John’s body. Even though he’s done this before, something about this time feels different, more charged, perhaps because of what it’s leading up to.
“Fine,” Sherlock says shortly. His desperation to get John out of there before Deverall comes back is suddenly blinding. It takes all of his self-control to keep him from seizing John by the arm and dragging him bodily from the tavern. “I’m ready. Can we go now?”
“Mr. Sherlock, sir! Have you heard the news? We’ve got shore leave after all! I get to go on leave with the larboard watch,” he tells Sherlock, beaming. “Colonel Jackson said I might get a chance with his dueling pistols after all!”
Sherlock wants to tell John it isn’t his fault, that it isn’t about anything John has or hasn’t done—that the problem lies with Sherlock alone.
His neck is throbbing on top of everything else and to Sherlock’s dismay, when he goes to inspect it in the mirror above his desk, he discovers that the bruises left by Stevens’ fist are impossible to ignore.
He’d wanted so badly in that moment to reach out and touch Sherlock, not motivated by lust but by the simple aesthetic impulse to see the whole of Sherlock’s splendid frame laid bare before his eyes, to see the way the sun would strike the curves and hollows of his torso, his hips, and what lay between them.
Sherlock’s cheeks burn hot at the memory of his desperate pleas from earlier this morning, his chest filling with shame.
Sherlock’s mouth returned to John’s neck, but this time he bit down sharply. John let out a cry that turned swiftly to a moan as Sherlock’s mouth began to suck the skin that he had bruised. His tongue came out and swept in a wet circle over the sensitive skin.
“Anderson ratted us out. Brought two of the lieutenants down to try and catch John where he wasn’t supposed to be.”
“John,” Sherlock said, and John raised his eyes to Sherlock’s to find Sherlock’s eyes alight with the same blazing look they’d held on the boat before Sherlock had pulled them both through flame. “There’s nothing wrong with you.”
“It’s like you’re holding your life in your own two hands—like you’re completely in control of your own fate. Just you, no one else. It’s… freeing. Makes me glad to count myself among the living.” John leans back on his hands; his gaze still on the horizon and Sherlock watches the corners of John’s mouth shift as his expression changes yet again. “It’s a strange thing but somehow I never feel more alive than when I’m so close to death.”
.” John reared up against Sherlock and seized his mouth. He kissed him slow and deep, with all the promise of what he wanted to do to him. Sherlock moaned into the kiss. “Yes, Sherlock. I can do more than that if you like. Anything you want. Anything.”
He tries—without success—to think cool, sobering thoughts, to drag himself back from the edge of his own fledgling arousal until John returns, but it’s a losing battle. The sponge feels too good against his skin, the fragrance of the soap working on his already hyper-attuned senses and opening them to every pleasurable sensation that this experience affords—the coolness of the water, the warmth of his own body under his hands, the bottom of the copper tub so hard against his knees.
Instead, he tucks his chin in against John’s shoulder and allows himself to shut his eyes, relishing the feeling of John’s hand skimming up his side, every pore of his being intent on preserving this moment forever in his mind.
“I never had a chance to tell you…” Sherlock begins, realizing now just how much there is to say to John, how much he’s been thinking over the last few days but hasn’t been able to say. He swallows hard. He’s loath to broach the subject now but it’s imperative to him that John
“They call me, Ironsides Jake,” the sinewy man says, reaching down to take the hand that is holding Sherlock’s violin and shaking it vigorously. “I fought with her in the Barbary War. Lost me eye but managed to preserve me dignity, which is all that matters in the end, wouldn’t you say, Mr. Holmes?”
And all at once it’s clear to him. He does not have to tell John with words. There are other—better—ways to express to John what he is feeling.
Looking at him now, Sherlock suspects that all the rage he felt rushing up from the deck beneath him came not from all of the men assembled, but from John alone.
It makes longing crash over Sherlock with the force of a breaking wave. The power of it stuns him. He feels as though an actual wave has crashed over his head, leaving him drenched and trembling, gasping for air.
“Not so fast, Holmes.” Anderson dips his hideous mouth close to Sherlock’s ear. “Don’t think I’ve forgotten about what you said the other night. I’m not ready to let you get off so easy, so you’d better watch yourself, if you get my meaning. I’ll be coming for you when you least expect it.”
By the time he reaches the last one on his list, it’s nearly morning. His shoulder is aching, his shoes are soaked through, but he’s certain as soon as he sees it that this last one is right, and with that realization comes a feeling almost like relief.
But Sherlock has always been a good dancer, and John—to no surprise of Sherlock’s—is as naturally good at dancing as every other physical endeavor Sherlock has seen him take up.
Most of the space is filled by wooden casks, stacked one on top of the other. They’re enormous: four feet tall and three feet in diameter—large enough to hide a man if he climbed inside. But there are also trunks and barrels, boxes and bins, and all manner of assorted storage containers, stacked haphazardly in every corner.
Sherlock’s eyes slam shut. He doesn’t dare move for fear of hurting John but even that hint of movement, of friction—is
Afterward, splashing water on his face from his pewter wash-basin, shirt stripped to the waist, he peers down at his pale, thin torso, discriminating.
? Send your dogs after him, Lestrade!” Sherlock pointed down the alley. “That’s what they’re here for, isn’t it?”
Sherlock feels the older woman’s gaze sharpen. “Any reason for this sudden interest in cards, Mr. …?”
Both shots were true. The force of the double blow knocked Briggs backward off his feet, the knife tumbling from his fingers to the carpet with a dull thud.
John repeated the movement, using his hold on Sherlock’s hips to deepen the angle further. Sherlock made the same low, guttural sound.
Other than his age (which in and of itself is more difficult for Sherlock to determine than usual) and the source of his injury (which Sherlock heard about before ever laying eyes on the man), there is absolutely nothing that Sherlock can determine about who this man is as a person, where he comes from, what he values in his life, what motivates his actions, or what his intentions might be for the future.
He thinks about John in bed beside him, John lifting his strong body up over Sherlock’s, holding himself up by his arms, the weight of his groin coming to rest heavy and welcome between Sherlock’s legs, the feel of the length of John against him—blood-hot and hard as steel. He thinks about John, grinning down at Sherlock, eyes glittering in the low light, both soft and bright at once, and how easy it would be for Sherlock to push up with his own hips, push back against John and feel the sweet slide of their erections coming together, how John would moan above him—the sound as low as sin—as he pushed back against Sherlock; how the muscles in John’s arms would stand out as he lowered himself down against Sherlock, asking in a rush of heat against the side of Sherlock’s neck, voice trembling slightly, “How is this? Is it good? Tell me how good it feels, my love.”
John peered at him from under his arm. He could see the silhouette of Sherlock’s face in the darkness. His mouth had a grim set to it.
Sherlock shakes his head. As much as he’s panicking at the realization that his feelings for John are perhaps more public than he thought, there’s a feeling of profound relief that Molly knows and doesn’t… well, hate him for it. He’s still not over the shock of it.
Sherlock can only nod weakly, his eyes fixed on John’s lean body as it emerges, dripping, from the water, whole and uninjured, unable to take his eyes from the sight of John, pulling himself up hand-over-hand with the help of a rope, walking up the side of the ship as easily as anything.
Dimmock comes to a halt in front of John, and John bows his head in customary deference. “Lieutenant.”
Sherlock continued, the pitch of his voice lowering with every word. “But of course I didn’t have time for that. The cigarettes were an endeavor to ignore all those base desires and focus on the case at hand. To push those instincts out of my mind. It wasn’t easy. But it worked.”
When Sherlock opens his eyes, he finds John watching him, a grin pulling up one corner of his mouth.
John hissed as Moriarty dug his thumb into the seam of the cut, pain blooming hot and jagged under the pressure. He clenched his jaw against the sensation, breath now coming fast between his teeth.
Sherlock doesn’t speak much, but he listens with rapt focus, studying John’s hands, his face while he talks, sometimes when he grows tired, shutting his eyes and letting the low murmur of John’s voice wash over him.
Sherlock didn’t respond. He threw himself out of the taxi in a blur of disheveled suit jacket and irritation while John scooted forward to pay the driver.
John’s gaze is filled simultaneously with warmth and darkness; it reminds Sherlock of the light at the very heart of a fire; crackling, and dangerous, full of heat.
Elbowing his way through the chaos of people, Sherlock manages to find a spot along the larboard railing where he can lean over the side and see that the first few passengers have begun to make their careful way down the side of the ship and into one of the waiting boats.
Sherlock had drugged John before; he would have no qualms about doing it again. Especially if he doesn’t want John to know he is alive. But if Sherlock is alive why would he need to hide from John? It doesn’t make sense. There has to be a reason, a reason, why Sherlock has to stay away, why he has to pretend to be dead, why he doesn’t want John to know.
John lets his head fall to the railing. He presses his face against his forearms and doesn’t move for several moments. He speaks into his arms, his embarrassed voice muffled by the sleeves of his shirt. “Oh, Sherlock, what a fool I’ve been.”
“Sher—Sherlock, stop. It’s—” He struggled to catch his breath. “Stop! It’s too much! I can’t—” John shook his head and met Sherlock’s questioning stare as he pulled off, his mouth raw and red.
The metal was almost too hot to touch; he felt it burning the flesh on his palms but John’s hands closed gratefully around the first rung and started to climb.
It takes longer than it’s ever taken before and he’s grateful that John is so patient, that John seems to understand as always, what Sherlock is going through.
The bodies were lying side by side. Two white males, mid-30s, one thin with dark hair, the other shorter, blonde. Cut into the forehead of the dark-haired corpse were words in a language John couldn’t understand.
But even in the midst of his pleasure, there is a dark note of worry humming deep within him at the pain that’s still emanating from John, the little hints of wrongness that remind Sherlock that he is not himself.
Although Sherlock knows that there are people just beyond the door at the end of the gallery, and people just above them, something about the impenetrable darkness and the anonymous, towering presence of the massive cables gives Sherlock the impression that they have finally come upon a part of the ship where privacy is a possibility. How easy it would be to melt into the shadows between the giant towers of rope…
Just this—this feeling of moving with John to the music is making the tight feeling in Sherlock’s chest finally begin to uncoil. Everything that was wrong with the world seems to vanish in a single instant—it does not matter now that Sherlock cannot play his violin, John is here now, John is
He took a sip of his champagne. God, he’d forgotten what a difference it made, drinking the real stuff.
Sherlock almost doesn’t ask his next question; he’s so certain that he knows the answer, but he cannot help himself.
Afterward, he will never be able to say how he spent those last few hours—he has no memory of this span of time.
The wrinkled old sailor has a remarkably melodious voice. “Now the anchor’s aweigh and the sails are unfurled—”
The sun is shining with full force up on deck. It is now glaringly evident that they are moving through tropical climates, Sherlock thinks, as he reaches to wipe the freshly accumulated sweat off his brow. He has only been above deck for several moments and already he is regretting his decision to wear his coat.
“These Briggs, are they friends of Mycroft’s? You can practically smell the money coming off these people.”
This man is younger—about John and Sherlock’s age, heavy-set, with kind brown eyes, and a ruddy, good-natured face.
Ignoring the sailors who are readying his launch (which has still yet to be lowered into the water), the captain strides directly past the man from shore and climbs down the side of the ship into the boat he just arrived in, giving the order in broken Portuguese for the men piloting the boat to cast off.
“How did Lestrade take it, by the way?” John asks with a sudden grin. “I’m assuming he was pleased?”
To Sherlock’s great relief, the members of John’s mess are now preoccupied with receiving their own rations and he has momentarily ceased to be the focus of their attention.
Sherlock moaned anew at the presence of John’s hand joining his, his cock pulsing weakly against his stomach. John watched a glistening bead of fluid rise to the tip.
He didn’t want to move but the ache in his shoulder was steadily worsening, so with great reluctance, John disentangled himself from Sherlock’s torso to roll onto his back and stretch his stiff shoulder.
“Burns is the name,” he says, eying Sherlock up and down with a stern gaze. “I’ve seen you up on deck, Mr. Holmes. Watson’s entirely correct about you, I imagine. You’ve got a keen eye for the sailing life. Is this your first time aboard a frigate?”
Burns drops his hand from Sherlock’s shoulder, shifting the stem of his pipe in his teeth, before lowering his voice. “Listen, lad, there’s… something I want to say.”
If you'd like to hear a version of the song John and Sherlock play together in this chapter, I have posted a link on my tumblr,
Relief courses through Sherlock as potent as a drug. The effect of it is so strong he feels drunk; he feels washed away; as though his body is dissolving—turning to sea foam.
“I knew I wanted to take you somewhere secluded—preferably by the water. I knew there were beautiful beaches here—I had the chance to visit one of the ones closer to town when I was here last year on shore leave—so I started asking around.”
There was something forgiving about the darkness that allowed for this moment, that seemed to open up a space for intimacy that had never been possible before.
Sherlock feels like he is filling up with music, like he is filling up with light, as though he is one moment away from dissolving into something more than flesh and bone, his soul bursting out of him in a shimmer of notes.
“I know.” And then Sherlock feels ashamed, and he buries his face in John’s neck and refuses to let him up.
John’s palms are stroking up Sherlock’s sides, the thumb of his right hand brushing over Sherlock’s other nipple as he gives the one currently in his mouth another leisurely lick.
Sherlock reached between them to tug the towel off John’s shoulders. He tossed it to the end of the bed and then pulled John in against him, mouthing at the vertebrae at the top of John’s spine, spreading his palm over the expanse of John’s belly. His hand was so large his fingertips could span the distance between John’s hips. John pushed forward into the heat of Sherlock’s palm, felt his desire rising.
“Not at all.” Sherlock shakes his head. “In fact, he knows frustratingly little about it. No, the man who’s in possession of all the information is Knott. He was there when it happened, which is precisely why the captain made an attempt on his life. The captain must have recognized him at some point during the voyage, and I can only imagine the two of them came face to face in the captain’s dealings with his firm, otherwise he would have no reason to try and take the man’s life. My guess is he forced Knott to strike some kind of deal with him, promising that he wouldn’t say a word, which I’m sure he agreed to. But recognizing him now, on this ship… well, I think his paranoia is getting the best of him.”
The shift in his attention is a good thing because it means when John takes him back in his mouth, Sherlock’s mind is still somewhere up above himself, and by the time he has fully returned to his awareness of his body, John’s mouth has descended several inches, his tongue stroking the underside of Sherlock’s cock in a way that three minutes previously would have spelled the end for Sherlock.
The sweet, wet heat of John’s mouth coupled with the lovely friction of his hand on Sherlock’s cock drives a spike of pleasure through him so intense, so white-hot with feeling that he fears in that moment that he will break apart.
Sherlock shudders.  He doesn’t like this part, but he knows he has to endure it for John to agree to rough sex.
“No, no, ‘sokay, you can finish in me.”  Sherlock shifts a bit to adjust the angle of his hips, to a position that John knows is less pleasurable for Sherlock, but causes his channel to clamp around John’s cock in a rather intoxicating way that Sherlock knows John adores.
but the act causes John to yelp and pull away from where he’d previously been occupied sucking a love-bite into the side of Sherlock’s neck.
Beside him, John shifts and hums contentedly, then turns his head to peer down at him, eyes blinking open slowly in the soft grey light.
He’s never been able to describe how it felt, that first time.  There were the physical sensations, of course: the pressure of Sherlock’s lips wrapped tight around his shaft, the zing of pleasure each time the head of his cock slammed against the back of Sherlock’s throat, the slick coat of saliva that coated his member and (much to his delight) trickled from the sides of Sherlock’s mouth.  There was the way Sherlock’s eyes teared up as he choked and gasped around John’s length, the quiet desperation the high, needy whines that escaped him as John ravaged his mouth, how his eyelids would flutter shut each time John yanked roughly at his tousled locks.  The way Sherlock clasped his hands obediently behind his back as he let John use him, surrendering entirely to John’s desires.
“The short of it? Graduated, found a teaching job in town, got married, three kids, got divorced, inherited my parents’ old house, couldn’t afford anything better, moved back in, now live in the same house I grew up in, with my oldest daughter living in my old bedroom.  Now that I say it out loud, it
eliciting a startled cry from the man servicing him.  He stares down unapologetically as Sherlock blinks his eyes open to gaze up at him, eager for his next order.
“Yes, you are.  Now, just relax.  There we go, there we go, shhh…”  John spends a few more minutes gently petting him, not touching him anywhere sexual, simply giving him the reassurance and praise he so needs when John is pushing his boundaries.
When he made love to Sherlock that night, it was with a newfound sense of reverence.  He reflected on the way that their physical union was special to them both, and he found himself blisteringly attuned to the way Sherlock responded so openly and trustingly to his touch.  Sherlock was right.  This
“But apparently somewhere along the way Sherlock and I made the incredibly audacious mistake of making
He makes to follow John towards the door, but they’re interrupted once more by Aaron.  “And John, look, I just wanted to say--”
“Ohhhh…” Sherlock moans, and his head lolls a bit to the side.  In the reflection in the mirror, he sees John smile.
Javier and Victor undress one another surprisingly slowly, considering the torrid start to the exchange.  Javier kisses every inch of Victor’s skin as he exposes it, and Victor gasps and shutters and hums deep in his throat.  Victor undresses Javier with sensual reverence, murmuring quiet, filthy things under his breath as he divests him of his shirt, pants, and trousers.
“Sweetheart, we’ll get settled in soon, but I’d like you to drink some water first.  Open your mouth for me?”
“The operation names.  They’re the Knights of the Round Table.  Round Table?  GreySphere?” Aaron rolls his eyes.  Sherlock just shrugs.  “Sorry.  I do love it when criminals get cheeky.”
crack it?  In that case, I had to ensure he’d remain on my side, utterly devoted to me and to the protection of my secrets.  So what’s the best way to convince him to do that?  Make him believe I was in love with him.  If he discovered I’d used his
John gives him a little smile.  “Of course it’s okay, love.  It’s always okay.  You just… took me a little by surprise, is all.  Is this… a special occasion?”  He suddenly finds himself having a hard time focusing as his gaze wanders down past Sherlock’s delicate clavicles and along his toned torso, then further still to the point where his hipbones protrude above the line of elegantly scalloped lace.
There’s a heat that flares up in John’s eyes that sends a shiver down Sherlock’s spine.  “Good.  Me, too.”
“Oh, fuck yeah…”  There’s the distant sound of some fumbling, but Sherlock doesn’t really register it; The next thing he knows, the blunt head of the ribbed plug is pressing against his entrance, cold and slick with lube.  He gasps.
John fights back the snicker that’s threatening to erupt in reaction to Sherlock’s drawling nonchalance of feigned obliviousness at the insinuations being made.  Instead, he simply rises to his feet and deposits his cup and saucer on the coffee table.  “Well.  It’s been lovely catching up, but I’m going to drive Sherlock into town to get settled at the inn.  I’m sure I’ll see you all soon.”  He pauses only to press a dry kiss against his mother’s cheek before striding out into the frigid air.
He cherishes this man.  The overwhelming nature of such sentiment may threaten to drown him under normal circumstances, but not when they’re together like this.  When they’re together like this, Sherlock floats.
“Yes, your majesty.”  John manages a mock bow of his head (no small feat considering that Sherlock still had him entirely impaled).  Sherlock just rolls his eyes and sighs with contentment as John reaches around him to push a single slick digit inside him.
Cocaine cleared his mind of everything but that which he currently found relevant.  That was the reason it was his drug of choice; it muted the relentless chatter generated by his oversensitivity to external stimuli.  It energized him, heightening his mental alertness, and negated the need for tedious undertakings, such as procuring nourishment and sleep.  It also made him paranoid, and prone to distraction.
ohhhh that’s perfect.  Such a good little slut, aren’t you, swallowing my cock like that?  Pretty little faggot.”
John beams back at him, and Sherlock feels very warm and fuzzy inside. When he speaks, his voice is deceptively light and cavalier. “Good.  So by now I’m sure you’ve deduced this much, but just to make sure we’re on the same page: my fantasy is to have you here, in our bed, naked and debauched, all damn day, waiting for me to come back and fuck you.  I want to go about my day knowing that you’re lying here, messy and desperate, doing nothing but thinking about all the things I’m going to do to you the moment I get home.  I want you at my beck and call, ready to take me whenever I want to have you.  How does that sound?”
“Jesus.”  John takes a few tentative steps towards the bed, his stomach churning.  His brain can conjure the scene all too easily: a heated tryst, a moment of abandon, then a simple, innocent miscalculation, and suddenly…
When he’s finally managed to collect himself, Sherlock dabs his eyes with his handkerchief before speaking once more.  “To ease your mind, John, no, I’m not disappointed that you’re not ‘full-blown gay.’ So long as you identify with a sexuality that encompasses your present as well as your past, I’m on board.  Just promise I’ll never have to hear you declare how NOT GAY you are ever again.”
Everything after that was a bit blurry.  John dimly recalls them both flopping back onto the sofa, sweaty and spent, and watching the remainder of the programme.  They’d toasted the winner (Azerbaijan?) and then retired to their separate bedrooms, as was their custom at the time.  John had fallen into a deep, dreamless, drunken sleep.
She purses her lips, but John can see the twinkle in her eye that means he’s wearing her down.  Internally, he pumps his fist in victory-- she can never deny
He’s used to flirting with Sherlock like this, making vague insinuations about things they do when they’re
“That’s it, that’s it now, come on, love…”  Sherlock gasps in a wet hiccup, and John leers at him.  He pulls harder at Sherlock’s cock, igniting another escalation of pain.  “Oh, yeah, fuck!  Yes!  God, yes, take it!  Take it!”
Eventually, Sherlock whimpers and stills.  He’s still shaking, but John notes with relief that it seems he’s relaxed considerably around John’s girth and is no longer fighting the intrusion.
A smile creeps into the corners of Sherlock’s lips, and John can see the warmth return to his eyes. “Oh… okay.  I’ll go.”
“Mmm.”  Sherlock’s low baritone cuts through the silence, followed by a breathy sigh.  John doesn’t turn around, but he lets his eyes flick over to the screen.  On it, Jude is currently on a date with the pretty blonde (what
The words feel like a physical blow, and John recoils.  By the time he collects himself, he can feel his anger welling up again.  “Jesus.  Fine, have it your way.  See you in the morning.”  With that, he turns on his heel, and storms back upstairs.
“Mmmm!” With one final grunt, John snaps his hips and yanks Sherlock’s head forward until his nose is pressed firmly against John’s pubis.  There’s a pregnant pause, then a moment later, the taste of John’s come floods Sherlock’s mouth and throat.
“Sweetheart, you alright?”  He peers down at his hole; it’s a little red, but no more than usual; certainly nothing for concern.
being very good, indeed!  He’d even come just from rimming, exactly like John had asked; a rather impressive accomplishment, if he did say so himself.  “Yes, John.
Sherlock cringes as he feels John withdraw.  His hole feels exceptionally exposed, and he moans in wanton pleasure.
John comes and perches beside him on the bed.  “Sherlock.  Talk to me please.  Is this about the condoms again?”
Sherlock is scowling at him, and John does his best to backtrack.  “Okay.  Okay, let’s back this up.  First and foremost, I want you to know I don’t judge you for liking it.  Do you understand that?”
“Sweetheart, that feels really good, but I’m too spent to get completely hard again like that.  If I’m going to come, it’s going to need to be intense, and honestly, I don’t want to take you roughly again today.  We’ve both had enough.”
“Okay.  I’m going to go upstairs now and leave you alone to enjoy yourself.  I’m leaving the monitor on so if you need me, just say my name and I’ll come right back.”
“I… that’s not what I meant.  I know you’re fine being gay.  I’m fine with you being gay.  That’s fine.  It’s all fine.”
John grins again, his eyes sparkling with delight at Sherlock’s obvious display of helplessness.  “Haven’t felt you this open in a while, love.  You’re so relaxed, taking me so well today, aren’t you?”  Without removing his fingers he makes his way to stand behind Sherlock, pressing his chest against Sherlock’s back and wrapping one muscular arm across Sherlock’s body to pull him close while his other hand continues to work his fingers in and out of him in a steady rhythm.
Sherlock sighs and cracks his neck contentedly as John works his hair into a luscious lather.  “Went to that sushi place by his flat that we like, then tried a new wine bar on South Lambeth.”
John doesn’t respond.  He just grips Sherlock by the hips and issues a series of animalistic grunts as he thrusts mercilessly into the tight heat enveloping his cock.
He makes a little show of it, shrugging of the jacket with a suggestive roll of his shoulders, maneuvering it down his arms as he stares intently into John’s eyes, biting his bottom lip the way he knows John likes.  Once he’s through with the jacket, he starts on his shirt buttons, letting John ogle his nimble fingers as he exposes inch after inch of pale flesh in slow, agonising progress.  He bats his eyelashes demurely, lowering his chin in a display of submission, and by the time the crimson materials is cascading onto the floor, John is staring at him like he’s something to
Then he’s collapsing onto Sherlock, shaking and spent.  But not before biting the base of this throat one final time.
Sherlock shrugs.  “It wasn’t hard.  Imagine how much more I could accomplish if I didn’t have to bother with all the
Then there’s a strange twisting sensation deep inside him, and the next thing he knows, John has withdrawn the plug.
“I’m going to control your breathing while we do this.”  John wraps his hand into the dangling end of the belt around Sherlock’s throat.  “You can do whatever you need to do: Thrust, scream, cry, yell, you can even touch yourself as hard and fast as you want to get yourself to come.  You have my permission to do whatever feels good.  But I’ll be controlling
Then John would leave Sherlock filthy and debauched, cuffed to the bed, while he ordered some food for them.  And when the delivery man arrived, John would smirk to himself, knowing that only a few feet away, Sherlock was tied up and helpless and so wanton and
“I told you before, Mycroft, we’ve got nothing to say to you,” John quips around a mouthful of bagel.
But John doesn’t punish him.  They do have sex that night, but it’s the nice vanilla kind, and John doesn’t say a single word about Aaron or Sherlock’s behaviour towards him the entire time Sherlock is riding him to a perfectly satisfying completion.
“Thank you, John.”  The words sound a bit tight in his throat, and he focuses on maintaining his steady, shallow breaths.
Never one to disappoint, John clears their plates and comes to stand behind Sherlock, placing his hands gently on his shoulders and pressing a soft kiss to the top of his head.
John gives him an appraising glance, but doesn’t inquire further.  “Well.  Regardless, I still think you look stunning.”
who cared little for their studies and seemed more intent on hazing the younger pupils than reaching the loftiest heights the academic world could offer.  He tried to avoid all of that nonsense, but it proved near impossible.  During his F Block, he was suspended six times for fighting (which he soon learned was code for
John’s breathing heavily through his nose, and his hands are clenched so tightly he distantly wonders if his nails will break through the skin of his palms.
He could have let himself get carried away with the case of the gardener with the green ladder.  Could have given Mike Stamford the cold shoulder, could have been too absorbed in his experiment to look up and catch John’s cerulean gaze.  Could have been too preoccupied to
“Name’s Sherlock.”  The response is muffled by the pillows, but John snorts with laughter anyway.  Seems Sherlock had enjoyed himself too, then.
It’s rude and blunt and honestly, Sherlock doesn’t give a rat’s arse at this point; they can make amends when all this is over.
John crosses his arms and looks down at him, eyes focused on Sherlock’s stiff cock and exposed hole.  For what feels like an eternity he just
John lets out a sigh filled with feigned exasperation.  “I suppose, since you’ve been so good for me.”
The low rumble of Sherlock’s baritone moan resonates through John’s chest.  John had initially been concerned that Sherlock would be salty about the lack of penetration, but as it turns out, his fears were unfounded.  Within seconds, Sherlock is willingly clenching his thighs around John’s prodding prick, and thrusting his own cock willingly into John’s slick grip.
Sherlock blinks uncomprehendingly at him.  “My reproductive options.”  His tone is low and laced with warning.
But Aaron had showed up on the doorstep the next day, meek and abashed and more than a little lost.  And John realised that Aaron was a good person; he was just confused and scared.  He’d just left the military and was trying to figure out how to live his life as an openly gay man after so many years in the closet.  John’s heart had broken for him a little bit that day.
“Absolutely.”  He holds the condom out where Javier can see it, and Javier raises his head a bit to watch Victor open it and roll it on.  “You like to be prepped?”  He holds up a tube of lube.
She narrows her eyes appraisingly.  “As you can imagine, I’m trying to keep a low profile right now.  Stay off the grid.”
“So… so yeah.  That’s one.  Um, second… oh!  The surgery signed off on the hiring of an additional receptionist, and she started two weeks ago, and she’s been a godsend.  I think we’re all finally on top of our paperwork for the first time in about six months.  So it’s nice to have that off my back.”
Alcohol made him more outgoing; it lowered his inhibitions, but it had little impact on his reactions to external stimuli, and merely served as a magnifier of his current personality.  If he drank while he was in a good mood, it would amplify that emotion to a marginal degree.  If he drank while he was in a bad mood, it would exacerbate his current state.  The correlation was direct, and unsurprising.
“Alright, Sherlock.  Hold still, now.”  Sherlock settles, and locks his arms against the footboard, preparing for the onslaught.
A heady surge of testosterone wells up inside John, and he can feel his member rising to full hardness.  God, when Sherlock is like
...Though, if he’s honest with himself, John’s not really flirting.  And he supposes Moira’s not, either.  They’re just relaxed and comfortable with one another, their conversation flowing effortlessly as they talk about everything from former classmates to work to their kids.  John manages to prompt Sherlock into telling a few stories about Rosie, so he doesn’t feel completely left out, but watching the two of them together is
Eventually, John’s soft enough that even the light stimulation of Sherlock’s lips feels like too much.  He withdraws his cock completely and tucks himself back into his trousers before zipping up and carding his fingers affectionately through Sherlock’s hair.
“Ah!”  Sherlock lets out a pained wince as the water collides with his wax-streaked back, and he twists away from the contact.
“Good.  Now, hold still.”  With that, he grabs Sherlock’s left thigh and presses it to his chest, then guides his cock inside him.
It’s not exactly easy, working out the right angle to keep the vibrator in place while John thrusts into him, but they find a balance merifully quickly.  Sherlock devotes his undivided attention to pleasuring John’s prostate as thoroughly as he can, all while keeping his legs obligingly spread to allow John the deepest angle of penetration possible.
He pauses outside the John Watson wing of his Mind Palace.  Tempting to go back and simply relive an old favourite, but perhaps tonight he ought to indulge himself with something a bit more out of the ordinary?
against the wall as leverage instead of trying to hold him up via strength and sheer will (an endeavor which, after
it had been tedious.  As much as Sherlock respected what John was trying to do, the fine line he was trying to walk, part of what Sherlock adored about their sessions was that John was gloriously, endlessly surprising when he was in his Dominant mode.  To be quite honest, when they were
He finishes the dishes and wipes down the counters and the table.  He sweeps the floor (again making a mental note to consider getting a dog - it certainly seemed that more than half of Rosie’s meals ended up on the floor these days, and he’s inclined to believe a furry hoover may actually be worth the energy).  He scrubs the kettle and dusts the wine glasses.
Unfortunately, every cautionary tale they’d ever heard about co-sleeping had turned out to be devastatingly true.  The next night Rosie had
John shakes his head and presses down on Sherlock’s lower back, guiding his cock back between his legs with a feeling of purposeful resolve.  “I’m not tapping out, here.  I just-- I’m really nervous, and we’re going to need to take this slowly, okay?”
The magnitude of what Sherlock is revealing to John washes over him like a flood tide.  What he was saying is true; the first time Aaron had expressed sexual interest in Sherlock was
But this morning John’s got his legs wrapped around Sherlock and Sherlock is moving on top of him, and it feels
Sherlock takes a shaky breath.  “I’m sorry.  I had an accident in the lab, and suddenly I wasn’t feeling well.  But.  But now I think maybe it’s nothing.”  He combs his fingers through his hair, pulling at the roots, grounding himself.  He’s overreacting.  He’s blown this whole thing out of proportion.  “I’ll.  I’ll just sit down and have some water.  And maybe eat something.  My.  My blood sugar is low.  That’s it.  That’s all.  Just tired.  And overworked.  I’ll have some food and get out of your hair.”
Sherlock’s palms are so sweaty he can barely get the touchpad to recognise his strokes; he has to hastily wipe his fingers on the bedsheets before he’s finally able to respond.
And it was true, wasn’t it?  Sherlock looks down at himself, his limp cock hanging pathetically against his thigh coated in his own come as he sits in a pool of Seb’s, dirty and used and sore and worthless.
“Sorry, I just wanted it to be like one of those sappy romantic comedies you love so much, where everything’s down to the last second.”
“Are you alright?”  The question takes Sherlock completely by surprise, and his reaction is clearly evident on his face.  Jenny holds his hand a bit tighter, her wide eyes laced with concern.  “That must have been really scary for you.”
Sherlock wails, taking full advantage of the soundproofing John installed in the lab.  It was really most thoughtful of him.
Sherlock lets out a rather unmanly giggle.  “Glad to hear it.  But could we… get on with things before I get too worked up?”
Sherlock shrugs.  “Chalk it up to fair play.  You’ve been pushing me away from Craneworthy for years, Mycroft, and I’m here to tell you
a frame-up, it was executed perfectly… why keep tying up perceived loose ends, if for all intents and purposes the actual culprit had gotten away with it?  If anything, each murder simply
Except for on nights like tonight, when John is so far out of his depth that he feels like drowning.  Sherlock looks to be having the time of his life, dancing up a storm with Aaron and his friends, smiling, laughing, looking carefree and relaxed and so goddamn
“Yeah, I do.  And I want you to be yourself.  Do your deductions, don’t do your deductions, talk, don’t talk, drink, don’t drink, do whatever the hell you feel like doing.  I want them to get to know
“Yes, John.”  The words feel wet and tight in Sherlock’s throat.  He’s not feeling needy; he knows he’ll be fine if John leaves, he’s not worried about that-- he’s more concerned with how damn
“No!”  Sherlock spins around wildly, which proves to be a bit much for his current condition; he slumps back against the wall, but keeps his gaze focused on John, willing him to understand.  His breaths are coming in aborted gasps, making speech a bit of a struggle. “It’s not.  Too much.  It feels.  Good.  I need.  To adjust.  For a second.  Please.”
Sherlock hisses lightly as the wax hits him, and he shifts unsteadily back and forth on his knees as it cools in the divot of his spine.
“Ahhhhh!  Ahhhh, ohhhhh….” Sherlock’s gasps turn to light sighs, and John grins to himself as he continues to work him over.
in fact, seen the very impressive array of toys in the nightstand, and was doing his best not to mentally envision what it might be like to employ some of them.  Was this the type of stuff
“Um, yeah, just… coat.” He stands and hastily turns his back to Sherlock as he shimmies into his coat and swiftly as possible.  Then he turns to meet Sherlock’s gaze.
“So I guess what I mean to say is… thank you.  Thank you all for withstanding our many quirks and faults, thank you for your patience, and thank you for commitment.  Not just your commitment to us as individuals, but for your commitment to us as… as a couple.  As a team.  As a family.  It… it means a great deal to the both of us.”
Sherlock chuckles at the concept of having any other choice.  He feels like his skeleton has melted away completely, leaving him an amorphous blob of jelly.
John looks over and notices him watching, and for a moment, Sherlock’s concerned he may be angry.  But instead, John just gives him a pleasant smile and carries on.  “I’ve had the island rigged with a series of loops and hooks underneath this top ledge.”  His tone is conversational, unfazed.  He flicks the end of the rope he’s currently holding down and around, and when he pulls it taut, Sherlock can feel his body being pulled securely down onto the surface.  “That way, when I want you laid out like this, I can secure you in place nice and easy, see?”  He pulls the rope back towards Sherlock’s bent form, then Sherlock can feel him weave it through the knots along his spine before pulling it out the other side and taking it to the opposite end of the table.  “It’ll also be very convenient for when we want to run some more of our own little experiments, hmm?”
“So.”  John turns and puts his glass in the sink (strangely uncharacteristic; usually he was fastidious about washing his dishes as soon as he dirtied them…)  “How much did you have to drink?”
Sherlock had admittedly not paid much attention earlier that afternoon when John announced Lestrade was coming over that evening for
Sherlock’s eyes snap over to where John is seated, suddenly startlingly lucid.  “John.  Come here.  Please.”
Father Malloy is.  Not that he’s a young man by any stretch - he’s certainly in his mid-sixties by now.  But it strikes John for the first time that though Father Malloy had been with their parish since at least John’s first communion, he must have been a very young man back then - no older than his early twenties.  It’s strange, John thinks, to meet him here, now, as an adult, an equal, instead of as the stern but kind authority figure of John’s youth.  Though John hadn’t joined his mother for mass in years, Father Malloy makes no mention of it, for which John is exceptionally grateful.
The topic had been the cause of many long, tense, uncomfortable conversations between the two of them (not to mention a few all-out, screaming rows, one of which had culminated in smashed mugs of tea and Sherlock sleeping on the sofa for an entire week).  Sherlock was not keen on the fact that John refused to label himself as anything but straight; John detested the fact that Sherlock was so obsessed over any label to begin with.  At the end of the day, their past experiences (from the way they were raised to their relationship histories) left them diametrically, irrevocably opposed on the subject, so for the most part, they elected to avoid it altogether.
Sherlock stares up at him, jade-green eyes eager and imploring.  “Yes, please, John…”  He spreads his legs wider and bites his lip, looking every bit as frantic as John’s currently feeling.
else in the world that could make Sherlock feel like this.  Only John, and the beautiful, perfect things he could do to him when they were
Sherlock withdraws his fingers from his arse and brings his hand to his lips, seductively wetting his ring finger and then thrusting all three back inside himself and resuming his rhythm, his gaze never wavering.  “Uh-huh.”
“Well, you’re usually the one in charge of informing her about the trivial banalities of our everyday life, but you seem to have neglected to inform her of our quondam nuptials.”
“Good, I’m glad to hear it.”  He takes Sherlock gently by the shoulders and guides him back until he’s in an upright kneeling position.  He looks incredibly dazed as their eyes meet for the first time in what feels like ages.
And what has John offered in return?  Transparency, yes-- to a degree, certainly more so than he ever had in the past.  Communication, surely-- John has worked to overcome his tendency to default to the “stiff upper lip” mentality so ingrained by his upbringing.  But these efforts seem dwarfed by all Sherlock has done to make their situation
He shudders and moans and wails his way through it, and John does his best to hold him steady as he continues to plunder his willing body with fast, urgent strokes, stimulating Sherlock through his ecstasy and prolonging it as long as he possibly can.
“Stay.”  Sherlock watches John’s reflection as he turns and grabs the bottle of lube from where it’s sitting on the end table.
So avoiding teeth during a blow job was imperative.  Sherlock had learned his lesson, and he diligently opens his mouth wider to accommodate Seb’s girth as Seb’s fingers tighten in his hair and he commences thrusting deeper yet, deepthroating him.  Sherlock takes a deep breath and tries not to choke.  Seb likes it when he chokes, but it makes Sherlock feel nauseous, so he’s trained himself to avoid it.
Sherlock pauses to consider it.  After a moment, he reaches his conclusion.  “Yes, I think so.  I’m usually… pretty well under, so I don’t exactly register your proximity when you’re gone, just that you’re… ignoring me.  Which I like.”
John clears his throat.  He feels like his brain has whiplash; minutes ago he’d been in the thralls of one of the most erotic encounters they’ve had in recent memory, and now they’re in full-on Case Mode.  His brain (and his cock) are having trouble keeping up.  “So.  I assume this has to do with GreySphere.”
The orgasm it had given him had been utterly divine, and during the post-mortem for that session, Sherlock had enthusiastically asked John to use it again.
John groaned, but he couldn’t bring himself to protest further; he was so exhausted from being awakened multiple times each night, all he’d wanted was some uninterrupted sleep.  And having Rosie in their bed had allowed him exactly that.
John beams.  “Good.  Over you go, then.”  And with that, John guides him forward until his pelvis is nearly touching the edge of the island, then presses down on his shoulders to force his torso face-down onto the surface.
“Hi, Sherlock.”  John gives him an amused smirk, then turns to Aaron.  “Aaron.  Lovely to see you.  Appreciate you keeping an eye on Sherlock for me.  Really generous, that.”
That said, when he looks down at his ringing mobile and sees Sherlock’s name on the caller ID, his first impulse is to toss it unceremoniously into the Thames.  The water looks lovely today, slate grey-blue and calm, and the phone would undoubtedly make a satisfying
John freezes.  Sherlock can see a look of confusion flicker across his face even in the dim light of the room; his brow furrows, and his lips pull into a tight line.
Victor is still hovering over a blissed-out-looking Javier.  They’re exchanging soft kisses and low words, and Sherlock does his best to tamp down the ugly wave of jealousy that rears up in his chest.  Then Javier rolls over with a wince and a sigh and pads off to the bathroom.
The officer shook his head.  “Nah, mate, he somehow slipped away.  We’re about to get a massive manhunt underway.”
John chuckles and rolls over to face him so that their noses are touching, eyes meeting in the pale dawn, arms slung low around each others’ waists.  “You doing alright?  I know being here is hard.  Are you anxious about the party today?”
Sherlock complies without hesitation, and he can feel a straw press against his lips.  He closes them and drinks in slow, firm pulls, quenching the thirst that until now he had no idea he’d been feeling.
John can’t help but laugh out loud as he reclines back into the hot water, and Sherlock shoots him a condescending Look as he exits the bathroom with a rather over-dramatic flourish.
He trudges back upstairs, his sense of victory somewhat muted by the inevitability of an obscenely ostentatious baked good, to find Sherlock playing his violin in the sitting room, the tune spritely and invigorating.  “How did it go?”
Sherlock drifts.  It’s a beautiful, pure drift, the kind he always craves when his brain is running too fast or his transport won’t cooperate or his hard drive won’t reboot.  He also discovers, much to his delight, how wonderfully
let himself thrust his hips forward into John’s thigh until he comes—when all attempts at rational thought are derailed by John’s hand sliding down between them and settling over the length of his trapped erection.
John could smell it now too. He walked several steps further down the corridor in the direction Sherlock had gone and felt the temperature in the air increasing by degrees.
Sherlock holds himself very still, heart pounding hard against his ribs. He is frightened in spite of himself, remembering with a sudden lurch of unpleasantness just how thin the walls really are, how flimsy a barrier they provide between him and John, and the hostile world of the surrounding ship.
Sherlock realizes with a horrible sinking feeling that John is only trying to make possible for him an opportunity that John himself will never have.
four walls to keep out some of the noise, the faces of the other passengers. John has no such luxury. As far as Sherlock can tell there is never a moment in John’s day, waking or sleeping, when he is by himself.
—standing in front of him at last, and he watches as John reaches up to pull the kerchief down from his nose and mouth, watches as John’s face goes blank with shock.
He knocked again, and waited, his head inclined toward the door to hear if there was any sound of life from within.
John guides him gently to a sitting position and then eases the violin case from his hand. He sets it on the ground at Sherlock’s feet, and drops into a crouch in front of him, a fond smile unfolding over his face.
Sherlock knows it’s the wine talking—that it’s gone slightly to his head, but it’s also John. John makes him feel as though Sherlock is a boat pulled loose from its moorings, cast helplessly out to sea. He always has that effect on Sherlock; it’s only that the wine takes down the barrier between these thoughts and the world outside Sherlock’s head, so Sherlock feels no hesitation voicing them out loud.
Sherlock pictures himself, sitting alone in a dingy tavern, watching the other sailors shout and sing, pulling women into their lap, making themselves sick with drink, and finds he must resist the urge to be sick suddenly himself.
Sherlock needs to think; there has to be a way out of this—it can’t end like this—not now. But the fear is blotting out his ability to think, like spilled ink covering a page; he can’t get his mind to cooperate, to focus.
“Is this alright?” Sherlock asks, just to be sure, his fingers still wrapped around the base of John’s cock—because he’s never done this before; because he has to be
The dining room became his menagerie for rare specimens of plant life; the parlor next door housed his collection of animals. His mother’s sitting room became the storehouse for all his knowledge of geography and astronomy; Mycroft’s room his chemical laboratory.
John waited until the man bent down to reach for his arm, and then sprang into action, propelling himself off the floor, and delivering a roundhouse kick that knocked the gun from their captor’s hands in one smooth motion.
The room is as black as pitch within. John waits in the doorway, presumably for Sherlock to light the lantern by his bed before losing all the light from the hallway, but before Sherlock has time to do so the sound of approaching voices echoes down from the top of the stairs, followed shortly by the sound of footsteps descending from the upper deck.
Billy will slip from his bunk and make his way through the shadows at the edge of the ship, careful to remain unseen.
“I didn’t mean to fall asleep,” he says as John’s arm comes up around his shoulders, pulling Sherlock in against his chest.
activity to occupy his free hour, there’s something decidedly pleasant about having all of John’s company to himself, and all of John’s attention on him, as he guides Sherlock through the complicated maze of storerooms and narrow passageways, through hatchways and under low-hanging beams into every secret corridor of the ship.
He begins to fall, fear like a dark worm in his belly as he plummets toward the rocks but then, inexplicably, he feels strong arms around him and he realizes it is John, John who has caught him and is bearing him down, as gently as he would a child, to settle on the cold sand.
“No,” he said, and there was an edge of steel now beneath the velvet. John groaned; whether from frustration or arousal, he couldn’t be sure.
“John, what’s going to happen when the ship reaches Rio? What we talked about earlier… some of the passengers were saying…” Sherlock swallows hard again. He feels suddenly too exposed sitting where he is astride John’s hips.
John’s response is smooth as butter. “You are well aware that I am at liberty to spend my two free hours in any manner I choose. If there has been any complaint as regards my work, I’m sure I will hear it from Lieutenant Lestrade, and not yourself.”
John’s feet fall immediately into the rhythm of the steps, and Sherlock cannot tell whether John has danced this dance before, or whether he is simply that intuitive with his body that he can pick it up from the music alone.
“No,” Sherlock said again, pushing on John’s hips and rolling him onto his front. “No, I have something else in mind.”
John hung up his mud-splattered coat and scarf then wasted no time pulling the cork out of the bottle and pouring himself a glass. He had a feeling Sherlock wouldn’t want any but he poured Sherlock a glass anyway.
, entering his body; as he tries to imagine how it would feel to have John inside of him, to be penetrated by the full, hard length of his cock.
When he comes back to himself, he is on the floor in front of the fireplace, his knee twisted under him. He stays like that for several moments, ignoring the flare of pain from the twisted knee, his face pressed to the carpet, feeling shame and anger roll over him in waves.
At this realization, Sherlock finds his thoughts, as they always do, turning to John, wondering what it is he might be doing at this very moment, wondering how he might be faring in the heat.
“It’s like you go somewhere else, to a different world entirely, and watching you, standing there, it’s like you’re the link between us and this other place, like somehow you’re standing in both worlds at once, ours and theirs—and I can see that other world in you, even if I can’t see it myself. I can see it through you, in the joy that’s pouring out of you… ”
And here, for the first time, Lestrade’s composure falters. Sherlock can see the color in Lestrade’s cheeks rise even as he goes on speaking.
His cheeks blush hot in the wake of his own request, but also because of the lewdness of what John has just said.
John leans closer, and his voice is a tendril of heat, curling itself around Sherlock’s heart. “I’m sure you and I can think of something.”
“It’s alright. He wasn’t going to—” John stopped himself, the lie catching in his throat like a spine of barbed wire. He swallowed hard. “It’s fine. He wasn’t supposed to hurt me.”
Despite the size of the room (it’s larger by half than almost any other space on the ship), the cheerfully white-washed walls, and the sunlight pouring in through the generous stern windows, the room has a bare and hostile feeling that makes Sherlock instantly aware of his presence as an intruder.
The sun had moved again since they had started—it was still lying in a brilliant stripe across the bed and half of Sherlock’s torso. Mercifully John’s body, and the other half of Sherlock’s torso, lay in shadow, but if Sherlock tipped his head back, the sun would be tangled in his hair.
Billy nods slowly, eyes wide. “I’ve never seen him so angry, sir. He went all still and cold but I could see fire in his eyes.”
Sherlock kicked at it until it fell the rest of the way off the bed and then he climbed on top of John, and leaned down over him, pinning his wrists to the mattress above his head.
Still, anything he can learn about the other man and his business in the East Indies is better than the little to nothing he has to work with right now.
At the thought of Moriarty the feeling in John’s chest tightened. He and Sherlock had been out of sorts ever since the incident in the pool, and it wasn’t only a result of John’s realization about his sexual feelings. They hadn’t talked about their argument over John’s blog post. John still hadn’t ascertained why Sherlock had been so upset, and he felt a twinge of guilt for not broaching the subject again. Sherlock certainly hadn’t been afraid to ask
Probably not.  He’s pretty sure he can still hear gunfire and screaming.  His whereabouts are probably fairly inconsequential to anyone still upright, he reasons.
Interesting.  Perhaps he’s feeling a bit guilty, then.  That could play into Sherlock’s hands quite nicely.
“Well, I appreciate it nonetheless.”  John takes a steadying breath before soldiering on.  “The other thing I wanted to clarify is this: I know you sometimes enjoy it when I leave you alone in between rounds when we’re unwinding.”
He shoots John a provocative glance before gleefully jogging ahead to catch up with the rest of the group.
John gives him an amused little smile.  “Um, okay.  Alright.  I’ll just… get to it, then.”  John turns and makes his way into the kitchen.  Sherlock feels a bit lost standing aimlessly in the sitting room.  He decides to follow John instead.
The corners of her lips turn up into a sneer, and she leans back in her chair with infuriating grace.  “And why’s that?  You think just because he’s got you taking care of him now he’ll leave me to the wolves?  Unlikely.  That’s one of my favourite things about him: he’s achingly,
John felt Sherlock’s hands clench compulsively in the material of his jumper. His eyes were haunted, once again fixed on some distant place over John’s shoulder.
He must have had quite a lot to drink after all because he feels… it takes him a moment to pinpoint the sensation; he feels like he does only after he’s been in bed with John: warm and loose and uninhibited—lips tingling, every inch of skin overly aware, sensitive, open, all of the tension he usually holds in his body melted away somewhere and left behind him.
“You have incredible reflexes.” John takes the flask back from Sherlock. “I’ve never seen someone with such sharp eyes. Once you get your strength up, you’re going to be unstoppable.”
He quickens his pace, making sure that the tips of his fingers brush that spot inside of John on each upward thrust—not too hard, but with just enough pressure—until John is moaning, the sound low and helpless, and lifting his hips up to meet every stroke.
Sherlock dutifully scrubs himself clean, listening with thinly veiled disdain to the sounds of the other passengers coming and going in the corridor beyond his room, whispering and gossiping no doubt about the events of the previous evening.
“Obviously.” Sherlock didn’t look up. He was on his knees beside the body, examining the incisions in the chest. The man was still in his white butcher’s uniform; the clothing had been cut away as neatly as the flesh. “These incisions were made while he was still alive, seemingly with the intent to cause him the maximum possible pain. John, can you ascertain time of death?”
There’s a horrible pause in which Sherlock’s entire life seems to shrink before him. Deverall looks at Sherlock for one long moment before answering, and then his eyes flicker back to Lestrade. “He was.”
The man grimaced at John but did what he was told, walking backwards from the force of John’s gun until they had cleared the doorway.
“John,” he pleads, not bothering to hide the need in his voice as John’s thumb begins to apply more pressure.
It takes all of his willpower not to deliver a cutting follow-up to his previous attack on Stevens’ intelligence.
All of the voices he overhears appear to be quarreling or complaining. It is as hot today as the day before and the day before that. The tedium of the voyage appears to be affecting them all.
Sherlock’s fingers worked him expertly, his mouth pushing up to caress the skin below John’s ear, his tongue coming out, greedy, to taste John’s pulse before biting down softly, his teeth scraping the sensitive skin, the hand not on John’s cock gripping John’s arse, pulling John down hard against him.
He drinks again, shutting his eyes briefly to savor the rich flavor of the wine on his tongue, losing himself in the complex unfolding taste of it in his mouth, still very much aware of John’s hand which has settled in the crease of his hip.
Sherlock’s voice seemed to be deepening with every word; melting into a richer, more resonant sound the closer his mouth came to the heat between John’s legs. It now had the timber of wood smoke from an open fire. If he could taste it, John thought deliriously, he suspected it would taste like a whiskey he had drunk once in the north of Scotland—dusky and amber colored, tasting of the earth.
Sherlock’s whole body is still trembling lightly, his lips pressed in against John’s neck. He feels John press a kiss to the top of his sweaty curls.
“Yes, yes, yes,” Sherlock chants, rolling his hips to try and take John’s finger deeper, the sensation still strange, but not unpleasant; the thought of John inside him making his arousal crackle silver at the edges. “Yes, I want it.”
He tilted his palm up and let it rest, where Sherlock had pulled it against the top of his thigh, the fingers of his hand falling open.
John’s words are greeted by a roar of approval from the crowd. Sherlock is nearly deafened by the thunderous sound of applause, and the various whoops and hollers of delight. As John leaps down from the table, Sherlock feels several hands clapping him hard on the back.
,” John says slowly, his mouth hesitating over the unfamiliar sounds. “He told me it’s called that because
“That’s just the question isn’t it? Ferguson certainly seemed to have some theories of his own by the way he was talking. Speaking of which, I haven’t seen Ferguson yet this evening, have you?”
“I’m sorry! When I came up on deck, the place by the gangway was crawling with Grimsby’s friends. I was afraid they’d recognize me!”
At the memory of that encounter—John’s hands on his thighs, holding him up as John ground into him, the scratch of the ropes against his back and shoulders, of John’s mouth on his neck, claiming him—Sherlock feels heat erupt in his belly.
“We shouldn’t,” John breathes against Sherlock’s mouth, his voice full of agony. “God, we really shouldn’t...”
His heart was pounding from the combination of adrenaline and sheer, heady arousal, but he took a deep breath and forced himself to think rationally for a moment. “Are you sure? I mean I want to.
He was too tired to protest. He let Sherlock drag him back up the stairs through the smoke that was now thick enough to make both of them cough. John held his arm over his mouth and breathed shallowly into the filthy sleeve of his shirt.
“It’s a shame really… that we don’t have more control over what our hearts want.” She chews her lip as she looks out over the horizon—it’s a habit that she has; Sherlock has seen her do it when she’s nervous. “I never would have chosen this.”
“John,” he murmurs, pulling the material of John’s trousers down his thighs, the same reverence in his tone that was in John’s look moments ago. “Oh,
And that’s just what John is, Sherlock thinks, his thoughts blurring delirious again from the sensory overload of John’s vulnerable heat in his palm—he’s like the tender green plants Sherlock would collect sometimes in the woods behind the Holmes estate, brushing them so carefully between his finger and thumb as he studied the curl of the stalk, the pattern on the leaves.
John heard a derisive snort. He crossed over into the kitchen and took a big bowl down from one of the shelves. He opened the freezer and filled the bowl with ice. Then he took out a popsicle (coconut) and peeled off the wrapper.
It won’t be long now, but it will be bad up until the end. Drowning won’t come easily to him; he’ll fight it, which will mean more pain.
John rubbed a reassuring hand over Sherlock’s shoulder. He lifted his head slightly off of Sherlock’s throat to answer, his voice slurring with sleepiness. “For making you come?”
“No, I haven’t. Although he doesn’t seem the sort to go in for parties much, does he? Bit of a gloomy chap.”
To Sherlock’s eternal delight, as his eyes settle on John’s face, he sees that John is as far gone as he is.
The sound of Sherlock’s voice in the darkness startled John’s eyes open, but he didn’t move his head from where it was pressed against Sherlock’s. Instead, he waited for Sherlock to go on, holding himself as still as possible, afraid that the smallest disruption would spook Sherlock back into silence.
As Sherlock struggles to calm his pounding heart, it occurs to him that it might be a good thing that he has a few minutes to try and collect himself. After all, it would be awfully embarrassing—not to mention inconvenient—if he fainted dead away on sight of whatever it is John is so eager to show him.
The chiming of the bells brings reality into focus around them again, and Sherlock is suddenly very conscious of the fact that he’s standing with his trousers unfastened, his half-hard cock hidden between them, in an alleyway off of a busy thoroughfare thronged with people.
, his shoulders. Sherlock shifts slightly closer in delight at the feel of that smooth, warm, golden skin beneath his palms. How John can possibly
Instead, he levered himself up off the floor and made his way to the bathroom. He was still filthy from their chase through the alleyway; his hands covered in dried traces of Sherlock’s blood. He would take a shower and he would wash away the memories of the whole encounter—Sherlock’s blood welling up between his hands, Sherlock’s arms around his neck, Sherlock’s mouth sweet and warm beneath his.
“Something’s got a bee in his bonnet. He’s been shifty since this voyage began but it’s got worse this week, have you noticed? Makes you wonder what he’s up to.”
All of this fills Sherlock’s mind as the music rises up within him like a tide, the memories of John mingling with his memories of the music from last night; the beat of the drum, the reedy, haunting notes of the whistle, and the sweet sonorous sound of his violin moving in him to create something unlike any piece of music he’s ever written.
