Steve nods, blows out a breath. “Right. Right. So, uh, how do we do this?”
Steve shrugs, cheeks burning again. "It's okay. I should have thought about what it might look to you. If you can't tell, I, uh, I'm not around kids very often. At all, really."
His eyelids flutter open; he blinks a couple of times, and his vision slowly clears. Loki is closest, his hands now running along Steve’s arms, pale eyes tight in concentration. Immediately behind the dark-haired demigod are Tony and the members of Frigga’s court. Thor stands at the back of the group with his arms crossed over his broad chest. When his gaze meets Steve’s, he grins widely.
“Pep… This
“He’s a kid,” replies Tony with a shrug. “I don’t really trust his judgment with a lot of things, but he’s rarely wrong when it comes to people. He’s better than me at that. But anyway. It took me promising him that I’d apologise and ask you politely to please resume babysitting him, for him to calm down and get ready for school, so here I am apologising.”
, to have his lover start rambling. Finally, Tony rolls away and out of Steve’s arms.
in Pepper’s elegant script, implemented after the fourth cleaning crew quit at the sight of filthy sheets. The sound of the shower starting behind the closed door breaks the silence. He spreads out the new bedspread, smoothing out the wrinkles, and waits.
“How am I supposed to know your reasons? I’m not Pepper or Rhodey or JARVIS. Maybe it’s because you suddenly changed your mind about having a child!”
“Please get the little munchkin in here. His mother has been going crazy worrying about whether or not he’s getting to be too much to handle or too bored or whatever.”
The pair is outside of Thor’s apartment within minutes. Tony stuffs his hands into the pockets of his dark jeans, smiling when Steve frowns at the fact he can no longer lace their fingers together. Steve knocks on the door; the huge, unearthly god grins widely once he sees them. He ushers them inside quickly, and Tony forces a smile in Loki’s direction before taking in his surroundings.
?” Steve questions, and Natasha rolls her eyes.
,” repeats Steve even as he stretches up to seal his mouth to Tony's.
“Hey, Stevie, are you missin’ me already?”
“It's
“I don’t know if he’s allergic to anything, though, d’ya think that’d pose a problem?”
“Oh, that bookstore’s great! Their selection is amazing, and their prices can’t be beat. I’m just coming from that hipster clothing shop down the street – my son didn’t bother telling me none of his pants fit any more, so here I am shopping on a beautiful Saturday when I’d much rather be curled up on the couch watching
“Okay. Just remember: Use a heating pad if the cramps get to be too much.”
>>There are approximately 39 known HYDRA bases within the continental US, an as-of-now unknown number in other countries.
Tony’s voice is hoarse, thick, when he murmurs, “Stay. Please.”
“Surprisingly no. Just… I’m terrified I’ll end up just like Howard, always working, always gone, until one day I open my eyes to find that I’ve missed everything important, everything that really matters, and my kid hates me.”
, is all that runs through his mind as he takes in the sight of her blank, expressionless face, the way her body is tensed with unleashed anger.
“Talk about what, Cap? You want kids, I don’t. Not much to discuss.”
Tony holds Steve through the tears, the adrenalin crash, through even more fussing. By the time the rest of the team joins them, freshly showered and fed with the traditional post-battle meal, Steve has calmed down, but he doesn’t leave Tony’s side; when Tony goes into the kitchen for drinks and snacks, Steve watches him closely. Tony is more than willing to accept this mother-hen act.
Steve hesitates then raises his free hand to brush away a stray lock of hair from Tony's eyes. Tony finally meets his gaze straight on. Steve tries to let Tony make the first move, but he can't, he's too impatient, so he leans in, slower than he'd have liked, telegraphing his movements in case Tony wants to stop this. But Tony's chin is tilting up, his head is cocking, and their lips are meeting in the middle, just a gentle brush, another, then harder, more insistent. Something in Steve's chest settles, grips tight and effuses warmth, and it isn't long before he's released Tony's hand to wrap one arm around the other man's waist. Tony tastes like coffee, wine, and some tropical fruit, and Steve chases that taste as his tongue presses against the seam of Tony's lips, dips into Tony's mouth. Tony gives just as good as he gets, his fingers twisting into Steve's hair as he pushes closer. Steve would usually be able to keep himself upright, but he finds his body has plans of its own; he lets himself fall backwards until the arm of the couch is digging mercilessly into his shoulders, Tony following close behind. The arm around Tony's waist tightens, holds him closer still, and he groans softly when Tony settles his thighs against Steve's waist. Steve drags a hand along Tony's side, his back, before it wraps around the back of Tony's neck, squeezes gently. Tony gasps into his mouth, hips jerking wildly, and Steve somehow manages to file that observation away somewhere in the back of his mind as he loses himself in the taste, the feel, of Tony.
“Who are you? Why are you here?”
________________
Of course Steve hears him, because he's turning around to flash Tony a wide grin, completely unaware of anything else happening outside of his bubble of love and happiness and “my life is so awesome right now”, and Tony barely manages to not trip over his feet as he scurries backwards, back out of the kitchen. He doesn't run, that would be absolutely undignified, but if his strides are longer, quicker, well, no one's going to call him out on it. He gasps out an order for JARVIS as the elevator doors close; he doesn't even know where he's going, but anywhere other than the kitchen and all its domesticity is good enough.
Because this feels like coming home to the workshop after a long day. This feels like dinner with the team, full of laughing and talking and even the food fights. This feels like hours in the living room, lounging on sunken couches with Steve pressed tightly to his right side while a movie plays on the screen and all Tony can focus on is the comforting heat and scent of
“I suggest you step away from the pregnant lady.”
“Why do you assume there's a but?”
“I’ll always come home to you,” whispers Tony.
“So, Pep let me come home early today, which was unexpected, but then she told me she wanted us to go to dinner
. Him and Coulson, then. But I reserve the right to veto him getting on the team, and we better not ever have to lie to his aunt.”
lets out an undignified squeak, nearly tumbling off the chaise. “Damn it, Romanov, why do you insist on giving me a heart attack?”
The dream ends too abruptly. Steve bites back a scream of frustration when he realises it's because he's woken up. Tony had been there, Tony was within reach, and Steve's excitement and relief had been strong enough to jerk him awake. He scrubs a hand over his face, rolls onto his side, and tries desperately to get back to Tony. But Tony's gone again, nowhere to be found in any of their shared spaces.
The man was gone before Steve could even blink. And now he’s been left staring down at a miniature version of his neighbour, feeling overwhelmed and a lot like he’s been sucker-punched in the last five seconds. The boy – Peter, who looks about five – is clutching a tattered stuffed pig in one hand, the fingers of the other hand stuffed in his mouth. A small bag dangles from one tiny shoulder, and a little piece of paper is pinned to the sleeve of his bright yellow pyjama shirt, interrupting the pattern of vivid pink cartoon ponies. Steve steps out of the way, shuts the door once Peter is fully inside. The awkward silence drags out until finally, Steve can’t handle it. He leads the child to the couch, grabbing his cell phone from the table, and heads to the bathroom.
But now Tony's staring down at the large hand wrapped around his wrist, keeping him in place, and he's nearly choking on his tongue as he tries to think of something,
Reluctantly, Tony cuts the comm’s link and takes a steadying breath. His chest burns every time he inhales and exhales, but he can’t exactly stop breathing, since it’s a rather important part of being alive. The sound of steel beams and heavy blocks being shifted can be heard, even through the layers of debris pinning him down, and Tony feels like he could kiss his rescuer. Ten excruciatingly long minutes later, a shaft of light appears; the left eye-slit of the faceplate is cracked, distorting the face that pops into view, but Hulk has never been a more beautiful sight. Tony refuses to kiss the giant green rage machine, though, no matter how grateful he is.
Steve’s sigh is wet and harsh through the static of the comm line. “They had some device that froze up your armour.”
Steve is reluctant to roll over, to not be able to see Tony, but he trusts his soulmate with everything in him, so he does and puts the pillow beneath his hips. The room is quiet, and Steve closes his eyes and inhales deeply, feeling on display A loud
“I’m a product of the Red Room, Tony,” she snaps coldly. “That’s all I am, a weapon they trained and taught and fucking
“Let me finish. Even if I wanted kids, I couldn’t do it. I would be the worst kind of father. I’d never be there for important events; I’d basically be a fucking ghost, because I’d never be home, and if I was, I’d still be too damn busy to spend any time with the kid. I’d… I would be Howard, Steve. And I refuse, flat-out refuse, to inflict that kind of pain on an innocent child.”
The staircase creaks ominously as Steve makes his way up; a door opens to his left on the second floor, and a little girl stares at him, eyes wide and frightened. He smiles but doesn't stop. When he finally gets to the apartment on the top floor, it's empty. Newspaper covers the windows, blocking out any potential sightlines, and the wood under his feet is warped and sagging slightly.
Twenty minutes later, he knocks on Tony's door and waits, one arm holding tightly to the bag of food, his other hand clutching the sketchbook. Tony pulls the door open, and Steve winces at the sight of his rumpled shirt and suit pants, wild hair, and slight panic in his dark eyes as he attempts to pry Peter's arms from around his neck.
“I… Look, I love Sarah already, have since you told me you were pregnant, but let’s just keep her last name at Rogers, okay? Please?”
“Yeah, yeah, please stop teasing, Tony, please.”
“Did I?”
Natasha leans into his side. “You look good, Steve.”
“No, Iー I can't lose you, too.” Steve is choking over his words, forcing them out through shuddering breaths and sobs.
“Tony?”
“I’m very sorry, Captain, but that is not possible. You must go to him.”
The interviewer’s smarmy smile vanishes in an instant as Natasha’s eye narrow. The people around them turn, gasping and shouting when a sharp
“Hey, what’d I say about getting tears all over me?”
“Yeah, definitely. You.”
“I have friends out there, too. One, I've known since college. The other, only for the past few years, but she's amazing and puts up with my shit, so that counts for something, right?”
The string quartet starts playing, and the guests straighten in their seats. The officiant comes first, followed by Pepper’s mother. James Rhodes makes his way down the aisle next with a woman on each arm. Steve hasn’t officially met Rhodes, but he’s heard plenty of stories about his and Tony’s wilders days back in college, back before Rhodes went into the Air Force. Plans to meet before now have always fallen through, which Steve understands ー military commitments are hard to navigate around. Behind the groomsmen and bridesmaids comes the maid of honour arm-in-arm with the best man, Nick Fury; this is only the third time of Steve being in Fury’s presence, never mind the fact that Fury owns SHIELD, and Steve still can’t get a read on the other man. He shakes off the discomfort at Fury being a stranger and turns to watch Peter bouncing down the long carpet, a pale-blue satin pillow in hands. Thankfully, someone’s thought ahead and tied the rings to the pillow before letting the child be responsible for their journey down the aisle.
Again, Tony hangs up before Steve can reply. Normally, this would irritate him, but Steve can’t find it in himself to feel insulted – Tony doesn’t seem to mean to be rude, like it’s something that he has done for years and never questioned. Steve slides his phone into his back pocket and heads back into the living room. Peter hasn’t moved or stopped drawing while Steve was away.
Steve packs his duffel bag with a couple of changes of clothes brought from his flat in DC by Agent 13, gingerly places his shield in its case, and makes a quick meal out of the few perishables in the refrigerator. He eats slowly while sitting on the couch, staring around the living room. A heavy, sinking sensation in his gut nearly overwhelms him; it takes a moment to identify it: guilt. Tony went out of his way to give them all a place to stay, a place to call home no matter where they are in the world or what they’re doing, and Steve is planning to leave with no return date in mind. The sandwich turns to sawdust on his tongue. He forces himself to swallow the bite and reaches for his duffel bag. The sketchbook is lying right on top. He pulls it out, flips to a clean page, and grabs a pencil from the set.
“You want me to marry your daddy and your mommy to marry Mister Phil, just so you can have three daddies?” Steve clarifies, struggles not to laugh; he evidently doesn’t do a good job, because Peter glares up at him and blows out a breath.
When he’d first heard that Howard had a kid, Steve had been so consumed by irrational jealousy that he’d thrown the file across the room and paced, fuming and glaring at the sheets of paper strewn about. It wasn’t fair, he’d thought, to have laid down his life for God and country, to have lost out on a future and Peggy and kids, only to come back and find out that life had just moved on without him. Even
“Tony, look at me. I’ve seen you with him. You care more for Peter than you do for yourself.”
the worst thing you have ever done, Tony. I have stood by your side and defended you through scandals, bad decisions, unpleasant choices that left a lot of people unhappy, through everything. But I will not defend you or make excuses for you through this. You’re on your own. Clint, please get him out of here, take him home. I… I can’t do this right now.”
“Precisely. Captain, shall I call for Agent Romanov?”
at the top of their voices. “Shut up, assholes.”
“Ma, ya gotta help.”
Bucky is standing in the kitchen when Steve makes his way, stretching out the kinks in his back, down the hall. He lifts his hand in a small wave, leans across his best friend to flip the coffeemaker on, and lets himself slump against the counter. Bucky’s hand is familiar when it lands on Steve's shoulder, squeezing.
“Daddy didn’t tell me you were picking me up!”
“If Howard was here, I’d knock his teeth down his throat.”
“So everybody here knows that Steve and I have been trying to have a baby, right? Good, because in about, oh, seven-ish months, we’ll have the cutest Avenger possible on our roster. So… yay!”
Steve stumbles to the couch and collapses onto it. This was
“Now.”
“Please… Don’t let me teach her that stuff.”
“When’s ‘later’ going to be?”
“Maybe you should start seeing yourself, too,” Tony muttered as he gazed down at the picture. He looked up again after a few moments, smiled. “Thanks, Steve. This… Thanks.”
And he really, really,
Steve isn’t expecting this to be Tony’s answer, and he feels off-centre even as Tony brushes past him. The scotch, the colour of dark honey in the dim lighting, is left on the bar. Steve stares at the drink for a long moment, but nothing comes to mind to help him understand what just happened. With little else to do, he turns on his heel and heads to his quarters.
He’s spent little time with Loki in the past month unless those visits included checking on Steve’s welfare. So having to look at a face so clearly Steve but also not is disconcerting. At the last minute, he remembers to pretend the person at the table is Steve, ducks to press a chaste kiss to Steve-Loki’s temple.
Steve kisses away the lascivious smirk that Tony is sending him. “We better go if we don't wanna be late.”
This catches Peter’s attention; his head snaps up, and his dark eyes widen. “I’m starving,” he announces, dragging out the ‘r’ sound.
, Tony…”
“But…?”
“Steve?”
me if something happened to Peter, and while I’m sure most moms and dads make the same threat, you’re the first I’ve ever met who I’ve never doubted would actually follow through. It’s obvious how much you love him, Tony, and how great of a father you really are.”
Steve stops suddenly, but he doesn't turn around. He stands there with tight shoulders. Tony aches to touch him, but he won't let himself be the first to make a move. Not after that. He closes his eyes, drops his chin to his chest, and waits.
"I don't think you're listening, Stevums. A penis. Shaped. Candle. To burn while we fuck!"
“What’d you see?” Steve whispers when it becomes evident that Tony is lost in his thoughts, his memories. His heart is racing, but he doesn’t know if it’s nervousness of what he’s about to hear or fear for Tony’s well-being.
It's been years since he heard the story last, but he still remembers every word ー how they'd met shortly after Ma immigrated from Ireland, how Pop had saved her from falling off the pier as she was rushing down the boardwalk in search of a job, how he'd taken one look at her brilliant blue eyes and long blonde curls and asked her on a date right then and there. She knew instantly, she'd always said, that he was the man for her, and she never regretted moving away to a foreign country, away from her family and friends, because Joseph was her family now, too, and then along came Steve, and they were ecstatic that they were growing from two to three. His father started working longer hours, more jobs, to be able to afford their home and the cost of having a family, but “He never once neglected to spend time with us, no matter how late it was or how soon he had to flit off to his next shift, he loved you so very much, and it killed him to be away so many hours.”
Tony is out of the tower for a business dinner when Steve experiences the worst nightmare he’s had in quite a while. He doesn’t even try to roll over and go back to sleep. He just shoves his blankets away and dresses quickly, rushing without running to exit his room and leave those ghosts behind. He comes back to himself when he realises he doesn’t have the code to get into the workshop; he’d meant to go to the gym, since he could spend hours beating the punching bags and walk away feeling exhausted in every way, but at some point, the workshop became the beacon of security,
“Don’t worry, Cap. Baby ’Venger won’t get to ’em. They’ll be put up, scout’s honour.”
Tony seems to relax, and Steve smiles at him, turns the topic to something inane, unimportant, glad that Tony talks and talks, enough for the two of them.
“I’m gonna take a bath, clear my head a bit.”
Tony turns an incredulous stare on Steve, jaw dropped, but Steve avoids meeting his eye. He’s well aware of Tony’s feelings about Loki; Hell, he even feels the same. The distrust and hatred towards the trickster god who wreaked so much havoc are valid emotions, and Steve has no doubts that, in any other situation, he would never involve him in any way. But this possible solution is contingent upon Loki’s involvement, the only answer he and Tony have gotten from anyone. He knows he should say ‘no’, but he wants this
do that to you. Pepper was so amazing, so wonderful, so perfect, and she didn’t deserve it, but it happened, and I regret that I couldn’t get the balance right. She should’ve gotten the world, but instead, she got me.”
JARVIS’s lack of response is just the cherry on a shit sundae.
“– don’t you dare finish that sentence –”
It isn’t until damage control is done and the prototype is back on schedule, and he’s watching the setting sun through his office windows, that something in his brain starts nagging at him. He tries to remember on his own, but no information is forthcoming. With a sigh, he asks JARVIS for what the day’s plans were before the R&D screw-up.
“Did you find out?”
“Lemme go ask, kiddo. Stay here, okay?”
“Focus on the road, old man.” She pauses. “Problem?”
“Your call-”
Of course, as is his luck, once one part becomes less complicated, another has to become infinitely harder. And it’s all Sam’s fault.
“What do you think, Steve?”
Feeling a lot like he's been doused in icy water, Steve shudders, swallows thickly. His hand spasms where it's resting against the seam of Tony's pants, and Tony whines softly at the pressure. But eventually, Steve manages to drag his hands away, off of the brunet's body, though it's the last thing he really wants to do. Tony exhales unsteadily and pulls away.
Tony turns away from the view outside the window. “And this afternoon?”
“Any more, and it’ll harm the baby!”
"What, Tony?"
Twelve more times Steve tries to get a hold of Tony, but each time it goes to voicemail. He's just ended the fifteenth attempt when his phone buzzes loudly, Tony's name on the screen.
Clint rolls his eyes as he does as requested. “Go on.”
debates, this is non-negotiable. You have until Friday to adhere to the stipulations, or SI will cut our losses and close you down. Permanently. Have a good day.”
“Well, look at that. For a stubborn asshole, you’re doing an okay job of apologising. If you wanna go ahead and grovel at my feet – don’t look at me like that – did you
Tony gapes at Steve before letting out a small huff of laughter. “You’re such a smartass, how does nobody know this?”
“You never will. C’mon, let it out.”
A week later, Steve went down to the workshop to suggest upgrades for his suit and saw the picture hanging on the wall. He didn’t ask, and Tony didn’t tell, but Steve still hasn’t forgotten the rush of pride that came with seeing his art hanging on the workshop’s empty walls.
“Sorry, really. JARVIS warned me you were here, and I must admit, I’d gotten curious as to why you’d come down here when you knew I wasn’t home.”
“Yeah, let’s go.”
He manages to take off his shirt while still lying down, but he leaves unbuttoning his pants to Tony; Steve is too afraid his fingers won’t work properly. He’s just tossed his shirt to the side when he lets out a yelp, groaning low and long in his throat at the sudden wet warmth on his cock. He clenches his hands into fists at his side, but all he really wants is to bury his fingers in Tony’s hair, to hold on tight. Tony pulls back enough to tongue at the slit, and Steve’s hips twitch, jerk upwards. Tony chuckles, his breath hot and humid on the head of Steve’s dick, before he wraps his lips around the tip again, slowly lowering until his nose presses against Steve’s flesh. Steve forces himself to hold still so he doesn’t choke Tony, but that willpower is thrown out the window when Tony swallows around him. Tony moves with Steve, his head pulling back as Steve’s hips thrust up, and his fingers slip between Steve’s thighs. Steve lets his legs fall open, too enthralled by the sensations for his mind to work properly.
But now he's tired, worn out, and unable to ignore the fact the apartment is so much quieter now that there's nothing and no one to be responsible for. He sprawls face-first on his bed, breathes in the smell of fabric softener, relaxing into the comfort of the mattress. He's almost asleep when the sound of someone in his kitchen startles him to full awareness; he barely keeps a grip on the towel as he hurries out of his room and down the hall to see someone digging through his fridge.
The answer and the mischievous grin on Steve’s face force a chuckle from Tony. “Oh, are you
, Steve. Why is this a problem now, out of absolutely fucking nowhere?”
long day.”
Sleep evades him. Steve tosses and turns, desperately trying to get comfortable, but the restless feeling persists. Finally, he gives up, a decision the baby seems to fully support if the way she’s moving around is any indication. He piles pillows behind his back, reclines against them, and grabs the book on his nightstand, one he borrowed from Thor.
Steve nods slowly. His heart rate is steadily dropping to a more normal pace. “Yeah, I’m fine. Thank you.”
“Feel better, little man, okay?”
“He's...him. He's a lot to handle on a good day, even worse when you're not caffeinated properly.”
“There's, there's someone here, outside my door, saying he's here for Peter, and you didn't tell me there was gonna be someone, and I'm not letting him have Peter, I swear it, but the man – he's still out there,” he whispers as he looks through the peephole again; the man is looking severely unimpressed with the fact that Steve shut the door in his face. “What do I do? Tony?”
“That’s
“He seems distressed.”
Steve nods, blowing out a breath. “It’s fine. They’re going to have to see me eventually.”
“I'd better get back. If he wakes up and I'm not there, it's liable to cause a meltdown.”
Tony winces at the hollowness in Steve’s brusque reply.
“We should really start baby-proofing this place,” he quietly announces after a few minutes of silence.
. I –”
“Bucky, I know this looks bad, but I don't have a whole lotta time to explain right now. Just know we gotta get outta here.” Steve bites back a sigh. “You remember me?”
“Yes. I told him to do it if he felt it was necessary and I’d support him no matter what he decides.” Steve takes a sip of his water. “Did you know J wasn’t talking to him?”
“Mister Stark?”
“Yes, please, mi casa es su casa.”
The secluded diner is tucked nearly in between an office building and a craft store, its sign plainly stating the name – black serif font against a wash of white. The door is situated in the middle of two large windows; the bright red sign hanging from the glass cheerily announces the establishment is open. A bell dings as Steve steps inside, and a waitress at the counter smiles. He forces a grin in response before turning his focus on finding Tony. There are only two people sitting in the dining area, neither of whom is the man he's looking for. With a check of the time (12:19), Steve weaves his way through the tables toward a booth in the back and settles in to wait, pulling out the sketches of his newest comic character to work on.
He helps Natasha pull Steve into a sitting position; her hands are gentle as she cups his face, stares at him with eyes that are too bright.
“I haven’t taken a bath since I was seven, Ma,” he responds petulantly, still being stared down by the four-year-old. “I don’t know if there’s some special rule.”
“Steve, I am so sorry –”
“And it can’t wait until tomorrow?”
Steve sighs and rubs a hand over his belly. The baby has been much more active lately; he’s even felt a few kicks to his ribs. Doctor Cavendish had only smiled and warned him to get used to it, as it would become more and more difficult for the baby to move as freely over the next twelve weeks. Eira sits to his right, crocheting happily. Havardr is in the lab with Bruce, and the rest of the mismatched family that Steve loves is at a charity event.
“You don’t get it, do you? Steve
Thirty seconds later, his phone vibrates and Tony's smile fills the screen. Steve swipes to answer the call, pressing the phone to his ear.
It takes a month of feeling like he’s made progress only to be pushed away for Steve to finally reach his wit’s end. He paces his quarters for hours every day during the week that Tony is at some business conference; he practises what he’s going to say whenever he sees Tony again. His mind races the entire time, and the mark on his chest seems to throb with the knowledge of what he’s about to do. Steve had been okay with the connection not being complete ー not happy, but fine with it ー but now it’s too much. Being so close to his soulmate, being in love with his soulmate, and his soulmate rejecting it for so long… it’s taken a toll on Steve, and he can’t force himself onto Tony and still be able to live with himself.
“Sorry I was gone for so long.”
He disappears from the doorway, so Steve speaks louder over the rush of water from the sink.“Nat said if I don't at least ask you to go, she’ll never speak to me again.” Steve shrugs. “If you don't wanna, don't feel like ya gotta force yourself.”
“Peter’s gettin’ antsy to see his mom. She ready?”
Peter makes a face but silently swallows the cherry-flavoured syrup when Steve wakes him up ten minutes later. He swallows down a small mouthful of water, immediately plopping back down on the couch. Steve brushes a hand over his hair, reaches for the remote. The theme song for
“What's up, Stevie?”
?” Clint asks incredulously, frustration tinging his words. “Go, fuck, do
Steve feels his face burn in a combination of mortification and guilt. Of course Tony wouldn't allow his son to actually drink something so loaded with caffeine. A voice cuts through the low chatter of the other diners, and Steve looks up in time to see an older gentleman making his way through the tables, a wide grin on his face.
Tony sighs, stares down at his fingers as they twist over themselves. He shifts his weight awkwardly on the bed. “The wormhole… It messed me up, okay? I went up knowing it was a one-way ticket, even without you saying so. I knew I wouldn’t be back.”
Steve gapes at the blank television screen, horrified by what he’s just seen and heard. Eira has set her crocheting down and is glaring at the TV, muttering angrily and rapidly to herself in a foreign language. The silence in the room is deafening; with a heavy sigh, he scrubs at his face then searches for Loki who, in the stunned confusion, has disappeared from Steve’s side.
He's nearing thirty-two when he finds Tony sitting in an office, staring out enormous windows at the city beyond. He recognises that tall tower about two blocks away, standing taller than surrounding buildings.
“Well, he's why I'm calling. He was fine then started complaining of his stomach hurting. He threw up during snack time, and he's now running a low-grade fever. I've tried contacting his parents, but neither are answering, and Mister Parker has you listed as an emergency contact. So is there any way you can come pick him up?”
, he thinks to himself,
“Hey, Darcy. Didn’t think you still worked here.”
Steve follows Happy down the stairs, out the front door, and to a black sedan halfway down the block. Happy holds the door open while Steve ducks down to maneuver Peter into his booster seat. Peter whines a bit, but Steve runs his fingers through the dark curls, sticky and wild with sweat, and softly hushes him. Once Peter is buckled in and clinging tightly to Piggly, Steve hesitates but then presses a tender kiss to his forehead.
“As I told you, Tony, perfectly safe.”
“He’s a gremlin. A rotten one.”
“It’s not Thor I wanna shoot.”
unfortunate, because I think I'm gonna have fun with you but not tonight.”
Steve can feel the pressure of Nat’s fingers on his arm, but he’s too busy fighting off the nausea as more and more questions are shouted; a camera is pushed in his face, and he ducks his head to avoid being filmed with tears in his eyes. He follows Natasha blindly, only the tight grasp and tugging keeping him upright. Pepper’s voice is cold, hard, as she says something Steve can’t make out over the ringing in his ears. The sound of the reporters fades, becomes muffled, but Steve can still hear them. Natasha’s delicate hand disappears from his arm only to be replaced by a solid weight along his shoulders.
“That would be great, thanks.”
“He's over there, the big dumb blond ー no, not that big dumb blond, the
“I still drink and work too much,” interrupts Tony, but there’s no heat, no determination to his voice.
"Yeah." Steve sighs. "Like I said, after you left, I kinda hid in my bathroom and called my Ma, 'cause I was freaking out. He musta overheard me. I didn't tell him what the emergency was, since I didn't know, still don't - and that's fine! You don't gotta tell me, so don't feel like ya do. But he asked what an emergency was, so I explained that an emergency is something that needs to be taken care of right away, like a broken leg. He, uh... He asked if you were gonna come back for him, I think he meant coming back for him in a few hours, not in general, and I told him, yeah, 'cause you love him so much. Then we started drawing, he can keep the sketchbook if he wants, I don't need it. I'm just gonna shut up now."
“My mind doesn’t shut off,” Tony announces quietly, but he doesn’t look away from his task. Steve stays silent, not wanting to interrupt and potentially put an end to this conversation. “I’m always thinking, even when I’m sleeping, and I might as well put that thinking to good use, right? It’s basically my
Pepper stares at him flatly before turning her gaze onto the other redhead. “Nat?”
. He lifts his hips against Tony's, relishes the moan that reverberates from the other man's chest. Tony moves slowly, carefully, as he helps strip Steve of his clothes, as he removes his own, as he touches Steve with admiration and care. When Steve is crying out from sensitivity, from frustration, Tony lays on his back and gingerly lifts Steve to straddle him. Steve can't stop the gasp of pain when Tony’s cock breaches him, stretches him with a slight burning that eventually gives way to something much more pleasurable, and Steve moves over Tony, around Tony, rising and falling with an unsteady rhythm. Tony's hands are hot, solid, on Steve's waist as he assists Steve in the motions; his thighs press against the curve of Steve's ass as he snaps his hips up to meet each of Steve's thrusts.
“Hello, Dum-E. Please do not try to pick up – Oh, no.”
– so denying him the chance to take a photograph of his newborn niece would be cruel.
“Um, where are you staying? Because there’s plenty of room here if you need it.”
“You know what to do.”
meeting, back to back, then there’s a walkthrough of a potential factory, but I just had ー oh, shit, she’s coming, I gotta go, heel-to-head imminent. But Steve… I love you, too, and I hate that I’m saying this to your voicemail, but I do. I love you. Call me later?”
“The dad or the kid?”
“You’ve been babysitting my kid with no complaints, which is really fucking surprising considering before a few days ago, you had no idea who he or I were! Am I not supposed to compensate you for that?”
seen things differently – and he knows he’s perilously close to breaking the promise he made.
“Damn, what'd you do, hit him over the head with a hammer?”
Steve tugs Tony closer, up until they can kiss easily. “That’s all I ask, doll.”
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Tony.”
“Hey.”
“Try these on.”
His attempts at art, something he used to find comfort in, find him putting faces to the aching bone-deep loneliness that resides under his skin. He starts carrying cash, handing it out to every homeless person he sees on the streets, his heart breaking when a lot of them turn out to be veterans who the government has let down. Every week, he makes his way to the Smithsonian and stares up at the faces on display: Peggy, Bucky, the Howling Commandos. He stares until his eyes burn, his vision blurs with unshed tears, and he heads toward the exit, dabbing at his nose with a handkerchief he purchased from a thrift shop. Natasha had teased him for his dislike of Kleenex tissue, but the jovial, playful familiarity was too much for Steve to handle; he’d stormed away, and she didn’t try to further their friendship again, just kept to a cool and professional sort of detachment in any subsequent conversation. He still can’t find the words to explain, so he hasn’t tried to apologise.
trust him, right? I made him swear he’d keep it a secret and sign, like, a million non-disclosure forms. He asked if he had to keep it from Fury, which,
drop the phone this time as JARVIS’s voice, tinny and small, comes through the speakers. He curses, fumbles for the device. He’s inordinately glad that he’s alone right now.
“Evidently, there are some kids who are teasing him for having three dads. So is it okay if I let him stay home today, and then we can go in tomorrow to talk to the principal?”
“Please don't. I promise I will, eventually, but… I don't want her to worry about me, more than she already does, I mean, and I know if she finds out I'm Spiderman, she's going to freak out even more, and I kinda don't wanna have to deal with that unless it's absolutely necessary, I mean, she's going to ground me or something, and then I can't be Spiderman, and, oh god, I can't tell May!”
“I love you, too.”
“No. Not happening. Nope. Terrible idea. I am not amenable to the suggestion.”
“Ah, c’mon, Cap, how many times are we ever gonna have a reason as good as this to party?”
Steve is twenty-eight, so close to being thirty, and he keeps getting hit with the pain of never hearing his Ma’s voice asking him when he’s going to settle down, maybe have some babies. She’d asked a lot during his teen years why he’d go on so many double-dates with Bucky and whatever girl was on his arm that night, but Steve would never keep up the relationship. Steve had been on the verge of reminding her of Tony, telling her how he felt about the other boy, but he knew she still wouldn’t understand. She thought he’d grown out of that phase of believing his dreams are reality, and he hadn’t wanted to disappoint her. Even though he knows his brain isn’t nearly creative enough to come up with someone as beautiful and wonderful and amazing and
He wants to go lie down in Tony's bed, to wrap himself in blankets that smell like Tony, just so he feels less lonely, but he can't. Peter might wake up, and the double-date had ended with Pepper, Phil, Tony, and Steve coming to an agreement of not flaunting their respective relationships quite yet. So Steve is relegated to the couch until further notice. Which is… it's fine, it really is. But the cushions don't hold the scent of Tony's cologne and body wash. He sighs, pulling out his phone.
“Ste-Steve. Things were fine, hell, they were great, then last night, I dunno, I just want to punch him in his perfect teeth.”
Don stabs Steve’s arm with the needle, depresses the plunger, and Steve inhales sharply as the effects of the medication rush through his body. His vision blurs, and his body suddenly feels too heavy. Mal rushes to tear a new scalpel from its packaging. Steve screams but no sound comes out; the scalpel drags across his skin, leaving a trail of fire in its wake, and tears slip from the corners of his eyes.
Coulson sighs, dragging a hand over his face. He opens his mouth as if to say something, seems to think better of it, and simply walks away; Natasha follows. Steve waits until they’re gone before he faces Clint; Sam leans back in his chair, looking unruffled by the morning’s events.
Steve can’t help it, – he bursts into laughter at the complete innocence in Peter’s voice. Once he’s calmed down and explained to the disgruntled four-year-old that he isn’t laughing at him, Steve offers a banana as a snack, and a sketchbook and set of coloured pencils as entertainment. Thankfully, this is enough to keep Peter occupied; the drawing that fills the page is surprisingly detailed for coming from such young hands. Steve gives praise and asks the youngster about the picture, and Peter rewards him with a brilliant smile and an explanation of everything.
Monday drags on. The music and humming that usually can be heard under the layers of voices, doesn't sound for most of the day. Steve loses the thread of conversations easily, often saying the same thing once or twice or asking someone to repeat what they've already said. He can't focus on
The man finally gets hold of whatever he's looking for and pulls out...a cell phone. Shame wars with the fear Steve's feeling, even as the man says a greeting to whoever's calling him. Steve jumps when the man raps on the door again, waves his phone in the air in front of the peephole.
“Yeah, I am. And, normally, I'd want nothing more than to, to talk about this, but an explanation has to wait. Please, just trust me, okay?”
the baby, right? We’re humans, not fucking seahorses. Our only choices are adoption or surrogacy, though I’d rather go the former route than the latter, because using a surrogate could go so disastrously wrong. But anyway. There are literally no scientific options available for us to use so you can be pregnant.”
Thankfully, none of them seemed to have viewpoints too wildly different or in contrast to the main goal. So that was one more thing taken care of. Tony and Steve celebrated this small victory by sitting on the landing pad, wrapped in an enormous thick blanket, and let the lights from the city wash over them, little beacons of humanity that they regularly protect and fight for, as the wind breezed briskly around them and the glass of scotch Tony brought with him went ignored.
Tony doesn’t even stumble when he pulls Steve into his arms and starts walking backwards, their lips never parting; Steve, however, isn’t as graceful. He trips over his feet a few times until they come to a stop in a bedroom. Late afternoon light filters through dimmed windows, landing in long strips across the carpeted floor.
Steve shoves the device back in his pocket, sprinting outright in the direction Tony gave. He stumbles to a stop twenty feet away and stares at the sight of the Iron Man armour standing still, one boot resting on the chest of Zemo and a gauntlet aimed at his face, repulsor glaringly bright and ready to shoot. The helmet is up, and Tony looks murderous.
“He is as he always is, I'm afraid.”
“How about we go back over there, so he doesn't worry if he doesn't see you in the apartment any more? We can have cereal there.”
Thor sighs, closes his eyes. Three deep breaths, and the clouds are breaking up, disappearing before their eyes. The slow roll of distant thunder still sounds, but Steve can't expect perfection. So he squeezes Thor's shoulder comfortingly and turns to face the others.
Too soon, Tony breaks the kiss, pulling back with a harsh gasp of breath. Their chests are heaving, both panting brokenly though they've done nothing but kiss. Tony stares down at Steve with wide eyes, black nearly overtaking the brown, and his lips twitch minutely before giving way to a full-blown grin.
“I am a fast learner, Captain Rogers. I am quite certain that no one will be unconvinced. “
like that? Steve knows he disagrees with allowing Loki anywhere near Earth, let alone the tower, but he’d said they would talk about it. So far the only talking they’ve done is between Steve and Tony’s voicemail. And Steve hates it with every fibre of his being. This lack of communication feels too much like the first they’d met, except now there’s not even the exchange of angry quips and sharp insults.
“Okay. Is this a bad time to say ‘Honey, I’m home’?”
“Steve –”
!” brings his head up. He grins at Peter who’s tugging at the hand of the young woman escorting him down the hall. The child’s book-bag hangs from his thin shoulder by one strap, but it doesn’t seem to be slowing him down. As soon as the pair enter the office, the woman lets go of Peter’s hand, and he rushes toward Steve. Thankfully, Steve opens his arms in time to catch the four-year-old.
“JARVIS?”
Everyone greets them loudly when Steve and Tony step off the lift. Steve breathes in slowly, but no nausea or urge to empty his stomach is forthcoming, so he laces his fingers through Tony’s and heads toward the table. Nat pushes the chair next to her out for Steve, smacking Tony’s hand with a chopstick when he reaches for the potstickers. Steve doesn’t rush as he eats. The pregnancy books taught him that trick – but not before he’d lost three or four meals by eating at his usual pace.
Tony glares at Sam. "Shut it, Wilson, or the next time you use your wings, you might find yourself being shipped off to the moon."
“It is a package for you, Captain. I can assure you it is perfectly harmless.”
“Hey, Cap.”
Tony sighs, nods, and slumps back down. Steve resumes the soft stroking against Tony’s back without speaking. He’s just gotten what he wants, but the victory is bittersweet, dampened by the knowledge that Tony Stark, the greatest genius this world will ever know, doubts that he’s good enough to be in a relationship with Steve, let alone be a dad.
Steve sighs. “I appreciate it, I really do, but… let’s go home. We’re never going to catch him, not like this, and Sam, you’ve got a job to get back to.”
Ben nods at Steve once Peter is back in his seat. True to the old man's word, their plates arrive within moments. The trio eats in silence, even though Steve wants to stand on the table and sing praises about the French toast and scrambled eggs he's devouring. Tony smiles like he knows exactly what's going on inside Steve's brain.  Steve is surprised when he sees that Peter eats almost three-quarters of his food; Tony goes to the till to pay, and Steve takes advantage of the fact his back is turned to pull out his wallet. He slides a ten under the edge of his plate, hurriedly shoving the billfold back into his pocket as Tony turns towards the table. Peter giggles when Steve puts a finger to his own lips.
“Oh, yes, sorry. Steve and I work together, in a way.”
“How’s Peter?”
the armour
“You’re amazing,” Tony whispers, pressing a butterfly-soft kiss to Steve’s cheek, and Steve watches as he heads to his door. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Steve.”
“We need to speak with Ms Natasha Romanov. Is she available?”
“Now you can marry Steve, so he can be my other daddy just like Pop!”
"Uh, sure, I guess."
“Why don’t you move and we’ll find out for sure.”
“How did he take it?”
just barge into the apartment whenever he wants company and he knows Steve is home. More often than not, they eat dinner together then Tony comes back after an hour or two and takes over Steve’s couch, staying until after Steve’s fallen asleep. “Buck…”
Steve winces as another kick lands solidly against his ribs. Sam pats his shoulder sympathetically and guides him to sit in a chair. With a promise to be quick, he hurries inside the cafe, leaving Steve to soak up the sun alone.
The drive back home is quiet, but comfortably so. Steve still has a tight ball of tension in his gut that tells him he’s making the wrong decision; he ignores it in favour of making Natasha and Sam’s lives easier. Sam gets out of the car in front of his house in DC and pokes his head in through the open passenger window, giving Steve a reassuring smile.
“How the fuck are you even real?”
“Well, at least none of them are in trouble,” replies Tony with a shrug.
Steve stares at the cityscape through the large window. The weather is starting to drift from summer into fall; the streets are lined with trees in a variety of colours, and pedestrians have begun to wear light jackets. He’s watching the rainbow of kites floating in the sky over the park when the door clicks open behind him. He turns to face Tony whose brows furrows in confusion.
“Today has been incredibly long,” announces Tony with a long, low groan. “I love Pepper, I really do, and Hell, I even like Phil, but I am so glad that it’s over.”
Steve sends a quick goodnight text to Tony, crawls into bed, and goes to sleep with half-formed images of his father in his head.
me right now?”
“Yeah, tourists give a damn who you are.”
And thank every God ever in existence for Tony being able to understand the confusion Steve is feeling, for knowing just how to find a reasonable solution. Steve nods, a jerky dip of his chin, and then he's off. He has the Quinjet prepped for departure before Clint, Natasha, and T'Challa arrive. The flight to the address Thor provided is tense, silent, and Steve barely manages to keep himself from pacing the jet's interior. When they land in a vacant lot beside two run-down buildings, Tony is waiting just like he promised, speaking quickly, quietly to JARVIS through the HUD. Thor is a statue, gaze firmly in the direction of where Bucky, according to Sharon, currently is; even if Steve didn't know Thor as well as he likes to think he does, he would be able to read Thor's emotions. The sky overhead is darkening rapidly, clouds moving in, coal-grey masses roiling and swirling, broken up only by quick flashes of lightning inside the bulk. Steve lays a hand on Thor's shoulder.
Steve nods, wiping stray tears from his cheeks, rolling over to curl into Tony. “Thank you. I love you.”
Tony groans. “How do I even bring it up? ‘Hey, Steve, just want you to know the private conversation you had with Natasha? Yeah, not so private. So, you want to have kids with me? Are you fucking
Clint shrugs sleepily. “Got called out or slept in or something.”
“Were you ever even a Boy Scout?”
Clint is the first to laugh at Bruce's words, and the others join in. Their laughter is slightly hysterical, but Steve can't blame any of them for it. The show on the television plays on, ignored as the group gradually lets go of the tension.
… … … …
He hadn’t heard anything beyond that point, his brain too busy trying to wrap itself around the knowledge that his body was the cause of the difficulty. Eventually, Tony lead Steve back to the penthouse and spent an hour holding him tightly and reassuring him that everything would work out. Steve fell asleep still worrying that this was all for nothing.
Natasha’s wearing a silky black bathrobe when she answers the door. Steve follows her to the bathroom; the enormous tub is hall-filled with water already, a can of shaving gel and a package of razors sitting on the shelf set in the wall. At her nod, Steve strips off his jeans, then his shirt when she rolls her eyes. He perches on the lip of the tub, feet in the hot water, and keeps his eyes off Natasha’s skin as she pulls of her robe. Her bra and panties match, a deep burgundy that contrasts with her creamy complexion perfectly. She pins her hair up out of her face, pulls Steve’s hair into a messy bun, and joins him on the bathtub’s edge.
“Not too far, maybe twenty minutes. Including traffic.”
“Okay. Be that as it is,
“Please remove your hands from my brother. I assure you –”
“Well, that’s not true,” Steve says, not able to bear the sudden sadness on Peter’s face at the mention of the other kids’ words.
. As a purely science-driven man, even the word is enough to make him break out in (imaginary) hives. He’s heard of someone nearby who tinkers with magic like Tony tigers with engineering, and from what Tony’s been told, “Strange” isn’t just the guy’s surname – he’s also an odd fellow.
The words are barely out of his mouth when he pushes his door open, takes a step, and almost instantly trips over the metal weatherstrip that runs under the door. His cheeks burn, and he ducks his head as Tony laughs behind him. When he turns around, it's to see that Tony isn't even trying to hide his amusement.
“Good morning, Agent Coulson. Would you like some breakfast?”
Tony peels his eyes open with a groan. “Time’sit?”
“She’s here. No complications, and completely healthy!”
“Then be happy with me.”
Eventually, it all comes to a head. Sam, Natasha, and Steve manage to get to the base right as the fire is making its way through the complex, and Steve shoves open his door at the sight of the solitary figure standing just outside the fence. His heart pounds in his throat as the weak sun glints off the metal of the person’s arm. Startlingly clear blue-grey eyes meet Steve’s within a second, and even from this distance, Steve can see the hatred and anger in Bucky’s eyes. Steve doesn’t even get to speak before Bucky is turning on his heel and sprinting toward the copse of trees along the outer barrier of the base, disappearing into the shadows. Steve stares after him, feels for all the world like he’s failed again.
Tony sits beside Steve on the sun-warmed grass, leaning back on his hands with his face tilted toward the sky like he's not felt the sun in too long. He looks out of place, with a long-sleeved shirt under a T-shirt, but it's a good  look on him. His eyes are closed, and there's a pleased little smile on his face. He has the appearance of a man who's been granted freedom from a dark, desolate prison; Steve wants to ask, needs to ask where he's been, but he can't find the words. Besides, it's not what they do. They've never asked questions about life outside of the dreams.
Tony pulls Pepper into his arms, ignoring the panicked rambling of
“Steve, this is my mother, Queen Frigga. Mother, this is Captain Steven Rogers, the one of whom I spoke to you.”
Peter emerges from the bathroom, stomping down the hallway, and flops face-first onto the couch. “I don’t wanna go.”
“The man responsible for this? Yeah, SHIELD has him.”
, for this opportunity to begin to making amends. I know nothing will ever repair what he has done, but… This may just be the start.”
“Yes, please,” whispers Steve before he hides his face in his pillow.
“I have half a mind to get in the suit and punch you anyway!” Tony shouts, his hands flying up into the air, before he visibly gets control of himself. “I want to punch you, with or without the damn suit, but Pep and Rhodey have assured me that that’s not how mature adults resolve conflict, though Rhodey did say he’d look the other way if I punched you
Tony slips out of bed slowly, gingerly. Between the pregnancy and yesterday’s events, Steve skipped dinner and fell asleep within minutes of lying down last night. Tony still hasn’t gotten a collect call from the local jail requesting bail money, so he’s made the decision to execute Plan B.
“That’s good. I’m glad to hear it.” She lets her gaze drift from the charcoal sketch of Peggy. “We’re about to watch a movie. You in?”
Steve exchanges a look with the Asgardian prince – then freezes. Thor isn’t meeting his gaze.
, Steven, stop trying to pretend you’re not. He likes to pretend he’s so brave and social, but he’s not, he’s skittish.”
for watching him. Most people wouldn't be comfortable doing that, especially when their partner is still close friends with the mother.”
“She died before you could.”
, until that idiot Clint risked his life to save me.”
“True,” Tony admits after a pause. “I was giving her innocence some credit.”
“Steve,” whispers Tony; he swallows and lets himself fall into his chair. “How-how did you find me?”
The archer disappears without another word. Tony holds Steve as tightly as he dares; Steve clings to his partner, still shaking from what happened downstairs. He can’t quit reliving it, over and over. With a squeak, he shoves Tony away, rushes to the attached bathroom, and drops to his knees in front of the toilet just in time. Gentle fingers scrape strands of hair away from Steve’s face, holds his hair hair out of the way as he vomits up everything in his stomach. Tony murmurs soft reassurances the entire time, rubbing Steve’s back soothingly until the blond is done. Steve considers protesting when Tony cancels the rest of his meetings and plans for the day, but ultimately, he lets it go, lets Tony comfort and hold him and keep the world outside.
“Steve?”
“About two, but here, give me your hand.”
repeating in his head.
“Yeah, you.” Steve hands the paper over to Tony, watching as the other man's shoulders relax and a small smile graces his lips. “What do you say I get you comfy on the couch with some cartoons while your daddy and I talk? Is that okay?”
"I need you to listen very carefully, Steve. That little boy is my entire life. I will do anything to protect him and keep him safe, okay? If you don't want to watch him, then be upfront and honest about it. I'm not going to be mad. I just thought I'd ask you because he had such a good time and really enjoyed you watching him last night."
Blissful warmth surrounds him the instant Tony passes through the door. He pauses just inside, closing his eyes and letting out a slow breath. Once he feels slightly less tense, he makes his way through the penthouse to the bedroom. He comes to a stop in the doorway.
The regal party departs from Earth that evening, leaving Steve with the promise of a speedy return. Tony enters the penthouse late, even by his standards. Steve has already showered, written a letter to Bucky, and finished The Things They Carried by the time his boyfriend stumbles in; his suit is rumpled, and his hair sticks up at odd angles. Steve feels a shot of anger flit up his spine as he avoids watching Tony unsteadily make his way around the room. Once he’s dressed in a pair of worn sweats, Tony climbs into bed, scooting closer to Steve immediately. He rears back when Steve doesn’t open his arms for him like he normally does.
“Hey. How many?’
“Crickets,” Steve mumbles before forcing himself to breathe again, speaking louder. “Crickets, the, um, cars on the highway… Buzzing from the lights.”
“I can,” declares Loki quietly, firmly, his jaw set.
“Uh, sure, I’ll meet you down there in a few minutes.”
“Things’ll work out, Cap, they usually do.”
“Steve, I know it's hard to hear, but Barnes… He's not your friend any more. At least, not the same way. He may still have himself down inside, but that's been covered up and brainwashed into a weapon. It really is in everyone's best interest if SHIELD has him, just until we're sure it's safe.”
, no matter what you bring to the table. I'd be content if you were nothing more than a, a shop owner who catered to sexually-active pygmy goats.”
“Okay.”
“What’d I do?”
“Yeah. I'm here for Peter.”
“Oh, by the way. Stark is opening up some floors in the tower if we wanna stay there whenever we’re in New York. Which might be more now that SHIELD is recruiting again.”
“What the fuck happened?” Tony’s hands are warm against Steve’s cheeks, and Steve blinks, finally able to focus on his surroundings. “Are you okay? Thanks, Clint, I got it from here.”
“Okay, Pepper is absolutely going to kill me. I just walked out of the meeting, yes,
). Tony is in the workshop when Steve makes his way down. The engineer is firmly stuck in work-mode, so Steve spends some time playing with the bots. Dum-E, for all the flaws in his code, keeps close to Steve, claw gentle as it strokes along the blond’s rounded belly. Tony’s made comments about not letting the bots touch (
-" He cuts off as everyone laughs, even Tony. "Nah, even that stubborn ass deserves it. What I guess I'm trying to say is, congratulations, you two. I'm incredibly honoured that you'd allow me to be involved in any aspect with your child, and I'm beyond thrilled that you two are getting what you want. I call dibs on being the favourite uncle!"
“Good. You needed it. God, I can’t believe we’re parents.”
“JARVIS? Everything okay?”
The drive back to their apartment building is comfortably silent; Tony keeps his hand in Steve's the entire time, and Steve keeps hold of the feeling deep in his chest, the one that tells him this is
“Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. I promise. I, uh, I love you.”
Coulson showed up on the second day after T'Challa and Bucky left for Wakanda, an enormous file in his hand. “These are the dossiers on the ones who will be deciding where you go and whether you go.”
A warmth blossoms in Steve’s chest now whenever he sees Tony, and it takes far longer than it should to recognise what it is. He’s disgusted with himself when he realises that somewhere in the last year, he’s fallen in love with the other man. It certainly isn’t the time, he knows it isn’t, and their past history ー from the first meeting on the Helicarrier to telling Tony that Bucky killed his parents ー means there is little to no chance that Tony would ever reciprocate those feelings. So Steve keeps it to himself; he pretends the feelings don’t exist and forces himself to focus on the friendship. If he falls asleep each night with his fingers pressing painfully into the soulmark on his chest, no one needs to know.
It all comes to a boil eventually, because isn't that the way it always goes? Someone's content with ignoring their feelings, keeping everything tucked away in a neat little box that has an enormous sign saying “Do Not Open ー Contents Under Pressure”, and life goes on until it doesn't. Until they're rocked out of their routine of wake up, pity themself for about an hour, drink enough coffee to severely diminish the stock of the nearest hundred Starbucks shops, then don a mask and pretend everything is hunky dory, just peachy.
“Because I went out with friends, and Bucky said I needed to stop moping, which I'm
, forever and ever.”
“Why his aunt?”
They have just rounded the corner, the last turn before reaching the tower, when Pepper abruptly stops.
“No, sir. The fabrication units have completed the tasks given to them, and U and Butterfingers are in their charging stations.”
The moment Steve stops speaking, Tony starts. “I know, Steve, and I’m sorry. I really am. I got lost in my head, all the doubts and insecurities, and I know it’s not a valid reason, it’s just an excuse to justify being an enormous dumbass, and there’s nothing I could say to make what I did okay, but I am so sorry. You’re right, you’re absolutely right, I
“Steve, mostly. What can I say – he’s rubbed off on me.”
Coulson’s expression doesn’t change, but Steve can see the amused glint in his eyes. “I didn’t schedule enough time to remind you of all the ways your sense of self-preservation leaves something to be desired, so unfortunately, Barton, you’ll just have to take my word for it.”
Nobody bothers to dignify that with a response. Instead, Bucky gets to his feet with one last gentle squeeze to Clint's ankle, and Steve follows behind as they make their way to his bedroom. Natasha slips past Steve, heading straight for his closet. Steve barely resists sighing at the clatter of hangers on the rod; he knows not to question her actions or methods ー she usually has his best interests in his mind. So he stands back, lets her do what she’s going to do. When she emerges from the closet, she has a pair of dark jeans and a maroon Henley, one he knows is tighter than it really needs to be, in hand. He takes it from her, grabs a pair of boxer-briefs and a white a-shirt from the dresser, and makes his way back to the bathroom to dress quickly. Clint lets out a low whistle upon Steve’s exit.
The kiss is better than the one they shared in the dream. There’s no alcohol clouding Steve’s mind; Tony’s lips are soft, gentle, and his beard scrapes lightly at Steve’s skin. When they part, Tony blinks a couple times before standing suddenly.
“Yeah? You know from experience?”
“Sam, I'll be fine. Go.”
“I know, Steve, this isn't your fault. It's mine for thinking ー”
“Long. Busy. Hectic. Terrible. I’m glad to be home, god, this bed –”
Tony sends a relieved smile in Pepper’s direction as she stops next to the table. “Steve’s still refusing to call you anything other than ‘Ms Potts’ in public.”
Steve hates the sardonic edge to Tony’s voice, the hardened expression on his face, but he answers as honestly as he can, “Because when Peter’s with you, your recycle bin is full of paper, not liquor bottles. Because he’s such an amazing, confident kid, and that only happens when he has encouraging, caring, attentive parents. You
… … … …
. It’s been a long time coming, but he finally feels like he’s right where he belongs.
Once inside Thor's quarters, Eira lead Steve into the bathroom, helped him bathe in steaming water that sent off wafts of something sweet and flowery, and then folded his jeans and T-shirt while he dressed in a long, silky robe that slipped through his fingers like smoke. He cinched the belt around his waist then followed the sorceress to the living room. A large table had been placed in the centre of the room, and all of the other furniture was pushed against the walls. The smell of cooking pork permeated through the air, mingling with the aroma of fresh springtime flowers and lavender incense. Eira brought out an elegant silver tray laden with a teapot, cups, and saucers. The door to Thor's landing pad slid open, and in walked the god of thunder himself, followed closely by Queen Frigga. She allowed her son to take her cloak, smiling at Steve and Tony.
“I’m glad, but, uh, what was with the condom?”
“Ha ha ha.”
“Good morning,” says Bucky with a grin, and Tony drags his gaze up from the coffee to stare at the other man in silence for a few seconds.
“Shut up, Kate.”
Steve keeps that phrase looping in his brain like a mantra as he rifles through the fridge for breakfast; he isn't really hungry, his appetite is gone in the aftermath of the dream, but he knows everyone needs to eat, to keep their strength up. Sam helps plate the food and set the table, and asks that JARVIS alert the others to the meal. Tony and Rhodes are the first to amble back into the kitchen, Tony talking a mile a minute, and Steve knows it's for Rhodes's benefit, to help keep his mind off of the situation. Bruce is next, his focus intently on a tablet, but he sets it aside in order to eat. Coulson, Clint, and Natasha come in as a group, all three silent.
“Well, good luck, Darce. Usual for me, please. Steve?”
His shoulders are slender, less bulky; his chest is rounded out, breasts proportionate, and his abdomen narrows until his waist, where his hips curve and turn into long, shapely legs. The dusky pink of his nipples is slightly lighter than before. The hair at the apex of his thighs is less thick, curlier, takes up more area without his cock. He runs his fingers over a thigh, tilting his head at the softness of the hair there. When he turns back to Natasha, she’s smiling knowingly.
“I know, Natasha. I’ve tried, but he’s been so busy. We all have. Between his company, SHIELD missions, and the occasional AIM uprisings, there’s been little time for just him and me, and I’d rather not spend that time possibly fighting.”
“I don't know. I tried, I did, but I didn't know how to. I can try to say I did it for you, but… I was selfish. I can't lie about that, not any more. I was selfish and didn't want to tarnish what I know of Bucky. I mean, I know it wasn't
“I hate you, so much.”
“He doesn’t just waltz in,” and Steve knows his protests are weak, because Tony absolutely
Steve laughs quietly. “Yes, it has, which is why I’m going to sleep.”
“Yeah,” sighs Steve as he puts his fork on the table, his appetite suddenly lost. Except it's not sudden at all. It's been a consistent thing over the last couple of months. “We figured out we had that control when we were about...twenty, I think. But… we've never gone this long. Something's wrong, Buck, Tony's never gone this long without showing up.”
“Thank God for tinted windows” is all he manages to say before he’s dropping Loki’s hand and kissing Steve.
He leaves the apartment quietly after his ma falls asleep on the couch; he makes a mental reminder to call her in about an hour to wake her up. She'll move to her bed then, and he won't get yelled at for coddling her, though how calling her to wake her up is any different than waking her up while he's there, he's not sure.
“Okay, well, the helicarrier was because of Loki’s sceptre, we
“This…feels so different,” Steve moans while his hands come to rest on Tony’s shoulders.
“And how far away is it?”
Steve sighs, fingers gripping the bill and pulling it free. He holds it up so Tony can see it clearly. "You paid for the meal, so I figured I'd get the tip."
“Tony, I know. Okay? I know Peter is always going to be your first priority, no matter what. I’ve been watching him for almost five months, and so I’m used to him being around. Not just in my life, but in yours, as well. I won’t ever resent you for your child coming before me. He needs his father. But, please, don’t say ‘no’ just because of that, because of him needing you and you needing to be there for him. If you’re not interested, that’s fine, I won’t push it. But you deserve to be happy, and I, I’d like to think I can make you happy.”
“Hey, you.”
“Yeah, that… That was probably the best idea.”
“Of course. I shall pass the message on.”
“I know. I…I tried calling you, but JARVIS told me you were unavailable, and when I asked what had you so busy, he wouldn’t tell me. Guess it never occurred to me that it was actual business, not you drinking to drown your regret.”
“You’re the one who called him a gremlin!” Steve protests, laughing at Tony’s expression. He presses a kiss to Tony’s nose. “Okay, okay, so Peter’s not Gizmo. Gottit.”
“Then what's your plan?”
“Oops, sorry, forgot to warn ya, I'm a snooper, I snoop. Pepper says I really need to stop it, but it's ingrained in me, I can't just
They don't speak while he shoves himself to his feet, crosses the workshop to the table, and pulls out his tools. She is silent during the repairs, but her presence is steadying and welcome. Tony may possibly drag out the work, just to not have her go, not yet. But he'll never admit that. Not even to himself.
“But it’s not a bomb or anything?”
Tony laughs loudly, ducking into the driver's seat and quickly yanking the door shut before Pepper can reach him. Phil chuckles, grabs Pepper's hand, and tugs her away toward his own vehicle, even as Pepper mimes smacking Tony with a shoe. Steve watches them go before he slides into the passenger seat. Tony reaches over and cups Steve's jaw with a hand, turning his face. The kiss they share is soft with just the right amount of heat and promise of less tender moments in the near future. Steve moans into the kiss, tries to push further into it, but Tony pulls away.
“I know he recognises me. I
Steve ignores the subtle emphasis on the
“So we’re doing this?”
“Thank you!” Peter calls back as Steve turns away.
"And what are you two plotting over here?"
“You and me?”
“They get meaner when I tell,” Peter replies in a tremulous voice, and Steve barely gets the child wrapped up in a tight hug before he’s sobbing. “I love my three daddies, but I don’t like being made fun of.”
“Are you… Are you
Pepper limps away down the hall, and Tony watches her go, feeling a lot like a bug stuck in a wad of chewed bubblegum stuck to the bottom of a four-inch heel. Clint drags him to his feet, waits until Tony’s stopped gagging, then guides him rather forcefully to the front door. His grip tightens on Tony’s arm when the genius makes a move toward the armour.
“Fuck.”
wear a guy out. But Steve, look at me.” He waits for Steve to lift his head, to be able to see his blue eyes. “There is nothing in this entire world that I would put before you. I love you, and I will always, always,
Steve’s hands are smaller but no less agile as he tears open the foil and rolls the condom onto Tony’s aching cock. Tony pulls Steve’s legs to wrap around his waist, lines himself up. Steve’s head falls back against the pillows, plush lips forming a perfect ‘o’, throat exposed in an elegant curve, as Tony inches carefully, slowly, inside. Once Tony is in as deep as he can go, he drops forward to brace his hands on the pillow on each side of Steve’s head. Steve gasps at the sudden change in position, hips lifting abruptly, and Tony ducks his head to press tender kisses all over Steve’s cheeks, forehead, closed eyelids, lips.
“Tony.”
“Yeah, it was.” Tony pokes at Steve’s nose. “You, uh… you gonna stay the night?”
“Daddy uzshally sings me a lul’by.”
Steve listens in rapt silence as Tony speaks in a tight, hushed voice about the alien soldiers and warships on the other side. He tells Steve about what the witch made him see, his greatest fears brought to the forefront of his mind, and he talks of his plans for world safety. Steve isn’t quite sure how or when it happens, but he finds himself sitting on the edge of the bed, watching as Tony struggles to keep the emotion out of his voice. Eventually, the stream of words stops; Steve hesitates but ultimately reaches out to wrap a hand around Tony’s shoulder. A pleasant, heady warmth blooms in his chest at the contact and the way that Tony doesn’t shrug him off.
“I was supposed to drop him off with his mom. That Friday night. I – we had it planned that I’d take him home once we were done with dinner. But she was coming to get him anyway, because, well, she knows me. She knows I’m fucking terrible at remembering deadlines and important times. Hell, I can barely remember my own social security number ninety percent of the time, all I know is one of the digits is, like, five?, maybe?, so she’s not wrong. Anyway, she was coming to get the pipsqueak, and there was an accident. Some asshole ran a red light, slammed into the side of her car. She and her driver are fine, well, Happy more so than Pepper, but they’re both going to pull through. She had some complications during surgery, so she has to stay in the hospital for a bit longer. But, yeah, it’s a clusterfuck and it’s not your responsibility to make sure that Peter’s looked after, but here you are, watching him like – not a pro, but not quite an amateur, either – and he enjoys being around you, which is why I was trying to pay you. I… I really didn’t mean to offend you.”
As he pads down the hall and into the living room, the lights gradually become brighter, and JARVIS recites the weather forecast and the day’s schedule in hushed tones. Their calendar is relatively clear – one conference call set for later in the day (Tony) and a quick meeting with SHIELD (that Steve is sending Loki to, in his place). Today is going to be full enough without other responsibilities demanding his time or brainpower.
“Steve? Are you okay?” Tony's voice is so full of concern, it causes a lump to form on Steve's throat.
“Oh, well done! Well done, all of you. I was afraid that you would do nothing that needed to be done, but you
Tony scoffs, rolls his eyes. “Calm down, we know. We wanted to have a face-to-face with you, get your opinion about joining the Avengers.”
She holds out a bright blue booster seat. Steve nods his thanks, takes it from her, and heads toward the door. Peter skips happily beside him; Steve feels a sudden awe at how tiny the kid’s hand is, and he forces himself to ignore the worry that he might accidentally break Peter’s bones. Thankfully, the trek back to the car is uneventful, though it’s long due to Peter stopping to say goodbye to each classmate he sees filing out of the side doors and the short strides he’s capable of.
“Oh, well, I guess I just thought you lived here because you're always here!”
“I don’t want to go to school, though.”
Darcy shrugs. “Need to get some cash somehow, right? I mean, working with Jane is great, I don’t have to do a whole lot of much except make sure she doesn’t croak because she doesn’t take care of herself and occasionally scare the asshats in charge of funding into not dismissing her just because she’s a woman, and we all know science is a,” she lowers her voice and puffs out her chest, “man’s world.” With a roll of her eyes, she sighs and continues, “But yeah, it’s great, but I needed a little more cash flow in my life. Aaaand who is this tall drink of water?” she asks, finally dragging her eyes away from Tony to land solely on Steve.
Tony doesn’t turn around immediately, but when he finally does, Steve is confused to see the mixture of emotions on the other man’s face. There’s a touch of pride, a bit of pleased and comforted, yet also distress. Steve can’t figure it out, can’t fathom why Tony would be so upset by the fact Steve would defend him in a heartbeat ー soulmates or not ー but he is pretty certain that asking would only cause Tony to shut down and hide behind the walls he builds so effortlessly. So he doesn’t mention it, doesn’t say anything else on the topic.
loathes the sappy fucking smile on Steve's face whenever he looks at that woman.
“Good.”
“I’ve shaved almost every day since puberty. How hard can this be?”
Two hours before they’re supposed to meet for their third date, Steve’s phone vibrates, insistently scuttling across the counter. He grabs up the device and thumbs open the message.
Natasha shrugs, shoves a knife into her boot. “Not like I can do much now that SHIELD is gone.”
“Mr Stark? Ms Potts would like to see you in her office.”
Leave it to Natasha to figure out where his uncertainty stems from. She lets him go with an order to come back that evening for a “lesson in feminine traditions.” She says the last part with enough scorn and disdain, that he’s almost terrified to show up at the designated time. But he steels himself to the plan and goes to find Tony.
, y’know? Create, create, fuck up, create some more to make up for the fuck up, defend my creations against the board, and so on.”
Natasha runs her fingers through Steve’s hair, raps her knuckles gently against on Tony’s forehead, and exits the room. Clint shrugs, following after his best friend. Steve closes his eyes and leans against Tony.
“I suggest you not finish that sentence, Agent Barton. Good morning, Captain Rogers, Dr Banner.”
Natasha takes Peter by the hand and leads him away. Tony stares after his son, his lips curved up at the corners. Steve feels less apprehensive about the situation. He knows that his friends will accept Tony and Peter into the group without hesitation, but Tony has a prickly exterior that makes it hard for people to get close. Steve understands why ー he doesn't find Tony unreasonable for having his guard up, but he's been afraid that Tony wouldn't let himself be brought into the dynamics without fuss. But here he is, standing at Steve's side, watching as his child flits from person to person and demands attention without much effort at all. He tugs Tony closer, wraps an arm around his waist, and presses a kiss to his temple once Peter's engrossed in listening to Thor wax poetic about the wonders of Spiderman. Tony smiles up at Steve but doesn't pull away.
"You..." Tony bursts into laughter, his head dropping into his hands. "You are so ridiculous. Oh, my God, I included the tip when I paid, wow, I wasn't expecting that. Okay, I'm sorry. I really did not expect the secret to be a damn tip."
plays after a couple minutes of scrolling through the channels. Peter doesn't even perk up like he normally does when he sees Twilight Sparkle on the screen. Steve stays quiet, even after the child falls asleep shortly after the show starts.
“I've missed you, too. Why are you drunk?”
They’re moving before the words are fully spoken, but JARVIS replies anyway, a thread of anger in his voice.“Of course, Agent Barton.”
, but it's still overwhelming.
“Figure it out.”
“It's a gift then. I dunno, man, I just do what I'm told, and I was told to deliver this to you.”
Tony's sobs are the only thing that breaks the silence. It's not often that Tony cries so openly. He learned so young that emotions are a weakness if shown, and so he's always kept his tears at bay, or at least freed them silently and when he thinks Steve isn't watching, which is absurd. Steve watches Tony so closely; he knows what that twitch in Tony's brow means, knows how to bring that soft-edged smile to Tony's lips, knows how to get rid of that haunted look in Tony's eyes. But this… Steve can't fix this kind of hurt. Tony lost his parents, and it doesn't matter how many times Tony says he wasn't close to them. It's a loss he's still struggling to recover from. So Steve just sits quietly and lets Tony lean against him, dampening his shirt with hot tears, and he runs gentle fingers through Tony's curls, something he's rarely allowed to do.
“Tony –”
“It’s okay, JARVIS. It’s not the first time I agreed to something unknowingly. So what’s up, Nat?”
“Yes, sir. Unfortunately, their arrival did not go unnoticed by Agents Barton and Romanov.”
“Fine, if you insist.” Tony sits back against the seat, smiling widely at Pepper. “How do you think it went?”
The kiss was mainly to shut Tony up, but like usual, Tony was able to take it in stride, able to quickly gain the advantage. He pushed against Steve's shoulder until Steve let himself fall backward onto the bed. It wasn't long before Tony pulled away to undress clumsily and light the candle (laughing so hard, he had difficulty keeping a match lit long enough to catch the wick). They shared an awkward kiss; both Steve and Tony kept stealing glances at the candle as it sat atop the dresser, flame trembling merrily. Steve blushed once more, and thankfully, Tony knew what to do to distract him from overthinking. Steve gasped and moaned and pleaded until Tony finally fitted himself between Steve's legs and pushed forward in one easy slide. Steve was too busy being overwhelmed by sensations to notice the awkward rhythm that Tony was keeping, but nothing could keep him from noticing when his partner stopped moving, fell forward onto his elbows, and laughed into the skin of Steve's neck.
Steve stands in the middle of the room, wearing a sunny yellow sundress and a pair of modest heels. Pepper is perched on the end of the bed, gaze sharp and assessing; when she waves her hand, Steve steps forward shakily, nearly stumbles but manages to regain his balance enough to keep walking. He reaches the far wall, turns, and walks back to the centre of the room. Pepper nods after he’s come to a stop.
The look Tony gives him is unreadable, and he huffs and leans down to rest his forehead against Steve's. “How are you even real?”
Tony ducks down for one final kiss, keeping it tantalising and slow, before turning away toward the door. He doesn't look back as he walks out of the apartment, and Steve waits until the door closes to cover his face with his hands and groan, the sound echoing in the silence. He lets his hands drop and glares at his groin, cursing quietly and stumbling to his feet, heading toward the bathroom to take a very cold shower.
“It's gone. I promise. It's gone. Now, I think T'Challa has some things to say. Your majesty?”
“Yeah,” he says and clears his throat when the word comes out scratchy and congested. “Yeah, I’m fine. I’ll be right out.”
“I… I’m no good at stuff like this. Ask Rhodey. Ask Pepper. Ask anyone who knows me, and they’ll tell you. I’m better at the big shows. But ー and you’re very lucky here ー I asked Pep and Rhodey for advice, I even went to Natasha, and this is what they suggested. But anyway. As I said. I’m no good at the, the emotional stuff. I’ve never been. You telling me to tell you to leave… it surprised me. I mean, I know you’re respectful of spaces and whatever, but I never thought you’d ask me to tell you to actually
“I want her to have a better life from the start, and that means giving her one less connection to my past and all the wrong I’ve ever done. The best way to do that is to give her the last name of a great man, a
“Right. Almost nine months. Yay sobriety.”
“Yeah.”
“Is it okay if she comes in? You can say no, Cap.”
By the time he’s done showering and is dressed in less sweaty – but just as comfortable – clothes, Tony is awake and standing next to Bruce at the stove. He smiles widely at Steve as the blond steps off the elevator on the communal level, and Steve feels himself fall that much deeper in love; the two exchange soft kisses, their lips carrying words that don’t need to spoken aloud to be heard.
Nine o’clock catches him sitting alone in the living room of the penthouse, staring staring at the city nighttime skyline in all of its lit-up glory. There have been no calls or messages from Tony, one text from Pepper to apologise for her brusque manner earlier in the day, and still no straightforward answers from JARVIS. When the silence and loneliness build up to the point of being overwhelming, he heads down to the gym to release the tension.
“J, where’s Steve?”
Steve cleared his throat and started singing softly, the words half-forgotten and the tune stuttering with unfamiliarity, but Peter didn't protest. He just blinked sleepily up at Steve; his eyes finally closed for good during the second (smoother) run-through of the song. Steve waited with bated breath and only moved when Peter stayed asleep in the silence. Then he'd gone to the living room and sagged into the plush couch, closing his eyes for just a moment. When he'd opened them again, it was to Tony standing over him, a soft smile curling his lips, and he'd started to apologise, but Tony waved him off.
Peter picks the dog up and speaks for it, his voice squeaky, “Okay, Steve. Thank you for giving me to Peter. I’ll protect him and make sure he has
Surprisingly, Clint was fantastic at being supportive the first time a pregnancy test came up negative. For as much as he complains about being uncomfortable with serious conversations or anything involving feelings, he was easily one of the first people to assure Steve that conception would happen, it was only the first try. So when the next test wasn't positive, Clint was the second to know; Natasha had waited in the penthouse bedroom while Steve stared at the stick, impatient for results, and she'd called for the archer once Steve emerged from the bathroom. The pair held him tightly until he'd stopped crying, reiterated that it would take time, and passed a message through JARVIS to Tony, requesting he come home immediately.
be there for you when you need me.”
Before he can blink, Natasha is straddling his chest, her knee against his throat. He swallows and stares up into her eyes; he can still breathe easily, but he knows she’s serious, doesn’t voice the innuendo-laden joke that pops into his brain.
“Exactly.” He pulls her close. “Thank you.”
“No, thank you. I just came for Stark’s latest designs on the Quinjet and to make sure Barton makes it to the meeting on time.”
“That’d be great.”
Pepper arrives half an hour after Natasha, barely even glancing at Tony, and disappears into the bathroom. All Tony can hear is the soft cadence of three voices but not the words; he registers the embarrassed whine in Steve’s voice, but Natasha and Pepper are quick to reassure him. When they emerge, Steve’s face is red, though he doesn’t look as overwhelmed as before. He’s wearing a pair of loose, dark dress pants – Tony’s well aware that the slacks are elastic around the waist; Pepper wore them a lot when she and Tony were still dating, and he’s heard his ex-girlfriend wax poetic about them often enough – and a light blue button-down. He steps forward, kisses the end of Steve’s nose.
“Are you done running away?”
“You’ve shaved your
“I’m so sorry, Steve, I swear that I’m not laughing at you,” she manages. “I’m
“May I?” she asks quietly with a timid gesture at Steve’s belly.
"Well, it should be," Tony replies with an exaggerated pout. "All right, spider monkey, time to head home. Go say 'bye to Uncle Ben. So, not gonna tell me what you and my kid are keeping from me?" questions the brunet as soon as Peter's out of earshot.
“You have such great ideas, Mister Stark.”
“Not a problem. Kid's a great one. But, unfortunately, I have to go shower. As fashionable as drool and melon is, it's also sticky and gross.”
agreed to that."
“You just want me to create something awesome to distract Katniss from killing our best shot at having a family.”
“It’s…it’s about the, um, the baby.”
Steve hesitates. “Tony? Are...are you...asking me to, to marry you?”
Steve is thirty, and it's been two months since he last saw Tony. Two long months of hoping that Tony would show up but only being disappointed when he didn't. Bucky’s noticed Steve's preoccupation, has asked a few times if Steve is okay. Bucky never doubted that Steve's dreams were real, that Tony is a real person and there is an unexplained connection between Tony and Steve.  And Steve is so grateful for that, he really is, but he hates it sometimes. Like right now, when Bucky knows why Steve is withdrawn, exhausted all the time, desperate for something.
He pulls Steve into a tight hug. “She’s going to love it.”
, that Steve releases Tony and stretches out the kinks in his back. Tony promises to be back as soon as he can before leaving, heading across the hall to change for dinner. Steve dresses quickly ー a pair of dark jeans and a pale blue V-neck under a black button-down that he leaves unbuttoned. He's not sure how the shirt got into his closet, but if he had to hazard a guess, he'd say it was Tony's doing. He's pulling on his shoes at the dining table when Tony ambles into the kitchen.
“Oh, god, don't stop, please don't stop.”
ー Steve goes back to the tower. But the guilt is no longer weighing him down. Tony knows, so it should be enough. Unfortunately, that guilt is replaced swiftly, mercilessly, by apprehension. Tony admitted that he’s aware of their star-destined connection, but what does it mean that he left so quickly after the confession? Is this his way of saying he doesn’t care and wants to ignore it? How long has he known and when, if ever, was he planning on acknowledging it? Steve knows he has very little room to question it ー he hadn’t ever considered broaching the topic with Tony, too terrified of the potential reaction and fallout to be comfortable with that thought, but it hurts to be on this end of the equation with no answers.
“Thanks.” He sighs, “I’m not sure I can do this.”
“I, um, I appreciate how much effort you’ve put into researching adoption agencies and surrogates. This is…a lot more than I thought could be done.”
… … … …
fighting when he should be focusing on being a kid.”
Tony freezes with a strand of Steve’s hair twirled around his finger. His dark eyes are wide, flick over Steve’s face. “You’re sure?”
, then I spent twenty minutes holding his hair while he puked out his entire digestive tract. So after we got home and I got him to bed, I decided to see what happened, because nobody told me, and I was too busy comforting him to really push for answers, and I heard what was said by both you and those assholes, and I just saw red, really. When I didn’t get a call to bail Nat or Clint out of jail, I figured I’d go the less violent, more legal route.”
His own apartment is suffocating and stiflingly silent when Steve opens the door. He's not spent much time here over the last week, only coming over to grab a change of clothes and going back to Tony's. He makes his way down the short hall to the bathroom; his back aches from sleeping on a couch every night, and he is much more exhausted than he has ever been in the past few years.
They’ve talked about everything from the baby to their pasts, and with each passing hour, Tony feels closer to Natasha. They had a rocky beginning to their acquaintanceship, but he finds that easy to ignore in light of the actual friendship they’ve forged. Outside of the sunroom, they’re the same as they have been – witty banter and heatless threats and hidden affection – but here, they  both let down their masks, at least a little, at least for a while.
, and the woman stretches to full-height. Her hair shifts minutely as if brushed by a small breeze, but the air is still. Steve takes in the sight of her, from her bare feet up her long legs to the elegantly uneven hemline of her gown that falls to the middle of her thighs. He focuses next on her face, on which an enormous smile sits.
“Of course he has. Thanks, J.”
“Walker Elementary, this is Maria Hill.”
“Yes, Captain. Currently, all inhabitants are awake and making their ways toward the living room.”
“You’re the one who did all the work.” Tony presses his lips to Steve’s temple. “How about a compromise? Let’s put Sarah in the bassinet, and then we’ll
Steve’s stomach churns. He’s seen enough movies and news coverage since he came out of the ice to know what’s going on. He’s barely made the decision to speak up when his shirt is pushed up, exposing his belly to the warm air, and cold gel is squirted onto his skin. The sound of a rapid heartbeat echoes in the otherwise quiet room, and he forces himself not to panic.
“I really am so happy for you two,” she murmurs.
The hardwood floor has been covered with plush white carpeting; two of the walls, once a bland beige, are now a calming shade of blue, pale as the sky on a sunny day. A beautiful, glossy oak crib sits in the middle of the room, surrounded by boxes of diapers and wipes and shopping bags, and a matching changing table is close by. Glow-in-the-dark plastic stars dot the ceiling in the shape of easily recognisable constellations. He turns to see Steve smiling sheepishly, while a face mask hangs from its elastic strap around his neck. Tony manoeuvres around the furniture, kissing Steve as soon as he’s close enough. That’s when he notices the third wall.
The sun shines directly in his eyes by the time Steve wakes up. He fumbles for the clock, panic settling in when he sees it’s past ten a.m. In his attempt to get out of bed, he manages to trip over the edge of the comforter, stub his toe on the bed-frame, and slam his forehead against the wall while trying to regain his balance. He hurries through a cold shower, not giving the water time to warm up, and eats the last apple on his jog to work.
to do.
“I hate that damn school,” he mutters. “Damn cesspools of viruses is what they are.”
carry the breakable child while you grab the less fragile things?”
“You know me –”
The words slip out, sharp and acidic on Steve’s tongue, and he wants to take them back immediately. But with as much as he regrets the way they’re said, he also desperately wants an answer. Tony is still, so still, then he pulls away from Steve slowly. His movements are controlled, his jaw is set. A hardness is in his eyes, and Steve can’t take his gaze off of him.
“Thanks, Pepper.”
Pepper presses the power button, and the outrage speaker disappears from the screen. Tony stares blankly at the television for a moment before bursting into laughter. He knows it isn’t
Furniture lines the walls, leaving a large empty space in the middle of the room. A thick blanket covers the carpeting; a couple of throw pillows rest on the floor next to the blanket. Dozens of candles flicker merrily on holoscreens that float in the air, not nearly as brightly-lit as usual, and Steve stares at the sight in front of him. Tony taps his fingers against the arc reactor casing, shrugs with an embarrassed flush to his cheeks.
Tony turns at the loud, distressed beeping and loses it. He can’t stop the hysterical laughter at the sight of his poor bot – the poor, pitiful,
“Yeah, yeah, just take me home.”
“Would you stop? Tony, when I was doing my research into finding you, I realised which building you were in. That means I realised who you are. So, yeah, I did a little Google search on you ー nothing invasive, just what I had to look forward to ー and I know that, no matter what, I want to be here with you.”
“They’re clearing her nose and mouth now. See, she’s fine.” Tony glances away, staring at their now-screaming daughter. “Oh, darling, she’s beautiful. You did so well.”
The woman from last night.
“You notice my recycle bin?”
“Can’t you be serious about this?” groans Steve, which is evidently the wrong thing to say for Tony scoots to the edge of the bed and stands up. “What are you doing?’
"It'll be fine,” Tony says, but Steve can tell he doesn't believe himself; this is a situation that's far beyond the realm of known, and they're both wandering blind. But he appreciates that Tony’s trying to comfort him.
“Again?” says Steve quietly, and he regrets asking at the way her smile dims and her eyes grow sadder; before he can tell her to forget the question, she inhales steadily and starts talking.
Steve gives less than zero fucks as to whether Tony’s spiel is finished or not; he shoves himself to his feet, crosses the room in three quick strides, and pulls Tony into his arms. No words are spoken as they cling to one another, and Steve swallows against the emotions choking him. After a few minutes of just standing there, he leads them back to the bed and shifts them until they’re laying down once more, Tony’s head on his chest, their legs and arms tangled together.
“Absolutely.”
“What.”
Steve scrubs a hand roughly over his face, already so tired of Tony’s impromptu visit. He sighs. “He was brainwashed.”
“Thank you for that refreshing bout of honesty,” she snarks dryly; Tony turns to watch the muted television, watches himself speak then walk away. “It’s been on a loop on all the major stations. The nicest I’ve heard is that you’ did the right thing in not accepting mistreatment of the people you care about. The worst –” She unmutes the TV.
“Then why do you have a team surrounding us?”
“Is there?” Steve asks, and Tony lets out a laugh, kisses Steve senseless again.
"Uncle Ben!"
“Because I don’t like being ignored!”
“I do apologise, sir, but take heart in the fact we are not conspiring to take over the world.”
A sense of apprehension fills Steve when he realises that
“That… That is the complete opposite of comforting,” Tony protests. “He’s terrible at advice, absolutely terrible. Why does he try?”
But Tony's hung up already. Steve stares down at the screen, confusion and panic sending his pulse thrumming hard through his veins. Steve continues staring through the peephole, watches as the man digs in an inner pocket of his suit jacket.
“I think so.”
“Yeah, well, first time for everything. Is there...something you need to tell me?”
Steve lets her words sink in, nodding to show he understands. His hand moves without permission. Natasha smiles as his fingers play with the ends of her hair. She begins talking to his belly again; her hand follows the baby’s movements. Slowly, the tension drains from her shoulders, and Steve is happy to see she’s calmer than before. He isn’t sure why she’s so shaken up – there has been much worse said about her before – but he knows she’ll tell him if she wants to. Until, he will just allow her to continue talking to her unborn niece.
“You mean to tell me that with the Barnes family having lived with us for an entire year, you never learned to give a child a bath? Steve, darling boy, it’s just like bathing yourself.”
“Hi, Miss Hill, it's Steve Rogers. Uh, Peter Parker isn't feeling very well today, so he won't be in school.”
Bucky’s face twists up but he lets it drop. “All right, well, I only came by to give you a ride to work ー it's rainin’ somethin’ fierce out there today, and ya know buses don't stop close enough to work, but since Tony's already here, you can find a different way.”
… … … …
“No, honestly, Steve, all we did was have a very serious discussion about professional behaviour and not asking inappropriate questions. I have absolutely no idea how he ended up in the hospital. Hand to God, all we did was talk.”
“Yeah?”
“He has?”
“Fine,” groans Tony dramatically, flopping his hand through the air in a
Steve smiles, leaning toward Tony; Tony obliges him with a kiss. “Same here. Are the others here?”
“It’ll be easier on your stomach.”
“I promise, Pep, I'd talk if I had something to say.”
“I can tell 'em no if you want me to.”
. He knows he should be working on the last couple of pages for
go according to any kind of plan.”
“I regret it for the right reasons?”
Tony ducks his head, capturing Steve’s lips momentarily before pulling away long enough to press soft kisses to the smooth arch of Steve’s throat. He can feel the flutter of the blond’s heartbeat beneath his lips; he nips and sucks at the skin, savours the keening noise it produces from the most beautiful mouth he’s ever encountered. Though Steve’s body is different, he tastes the same on Tony’s tongue as the brunet licks at a sensitive spot.
The brunet shrugs. "Not many people in the city have. If they do, they rarely care enough to drive so far out of their way for food they can get near home. Honestly? They don't know what they're missing out on."
“Thank you,” Steve breathes, his mouth pressing a soft kiss to Tony’s neck, and Tony huffs out a humourless laugh.
“Yeah?”
Steve dips his head in a quick goodbye and heads back to his own apartment. The television is still on; the glow flickers, sends dancing shadows across the wall. He presses the power button, stumbles his way to the bathroom, and brushes his teeth. His alarm clock tells him it’s almost three in the morning. He doesn’t bother undressing or crawling under the covers, just falls asleep sprawled out on the bed.
Once the boots are on his feet, he steps back into his bedroom to shoo his friends out of his apartment before Tony shows up. Steve loves his friends, he really does, but he is well aware of their proclivity to be overwhelming. Thankfully, Natasha understands that he’s stressed and nervous, so she ushers the other three through the door and down the stairs. Steve knows that her mercy isn’t going to last long ー she’ll be the first to pounce on him in the morning for details, even before Bucky.
Steve calls out one of the coordinates, and she places a marker on the corresponding spot on the map. It takes half an hour, but finally, each location is marked. None of the other tabs have anything written on them besides the first one. Steve looks closer to see “Sup Dep ー Des”. Sam pulls a sharpie from the pocket of his harness strap and passes it over to Steve, then they both look at him expectantly. He stares back, overwhelmed and confused. His thoughts had seemed so clear this morning when he was driving, but now that everything is laid out in front of him, that clarity is gone. He swallows thickly, looks down at the fluorescent tabs dotting the map.
Sunday morning finds him visiting with his ma, helping her set up yet another bookcase for books that she probably won't ever get around to reading. He has fun, though. Between the laughing and joking and cooking together and the knowledge that he actually has someone in his life that he can wax poetic about, the hours he spends at Ma’s are peaceful, entertaining.
“I’ll explain later,” Steve promises as he follows Bucky toward the lockers.
Between the manic gleam in Sam's eye and the only logical conclusion Tony's brain has been able to come up with in the last three minutes, Tony is absolutely sure he doesn't want to hear what Sam isn't saying and that he will absolutely hate it.
“Couldn’t sleep. The bed’s too big without you. I can’t wait until you’re home again.”
“Because you and Tony are heading this thing. He's a genius, and you're stubborn. Nothing is gonna happen if you put your heads together and figure out a way to stop it.”
Ma’s gone before the sun even rises the next morning, and Steve finally understands why Tony drinks so much.
Peter climbs over Tony's lap, launching himself into Ben's arms the moment the man is close enough. Ben's laughter is warm, infectious, as he embraces the child tightly.
, and I’d find your drunk ass?”
on the screen. Looking around, he sees that Tony's made a surreptitious getaway sometime in the middle of Peter's freakout. He sighs, puts his phone away, and asks himself if it would be the coward's way out to call for Sam.
“Do...what?”
Four nights after Steve stands in the middle of his gallery debut, Tony finally appears. He's drunk again, but Steve's come to accept that it'll probably always be that way. Tony doesn't seem to find a problem with it, and Steve can't find a way to request that he cut back on his drinking without sounding judgemental. So he lets it go, again, and soaks in the warmth of Tony’s presence, drunk or not.
They haven't gotten more than five steps from the stand when Steve feels the first drops hitting his head. He breathes in slowly, ignores the fact that fruit juice and, most likely, slobber are now in his hair. Peter's having fun, and they're getting healthy snacks. That's what's important.
“Sometimes I think we live in an armoury,” Steve says with a soft chuckle, picking up a knife and whetstone from off the dining table. “I’d say this is all just the way it’s done in this century, but I really don’t think the average family has this many weapons just lying around.”
, Steve thinks as their tongues dance together, as Tony’s hand slides further along Steve’s chest, as their soulmarks meet for the first time.
“Tony –”
"Daddy, ask him already!" Peter whines as he tugs on his dad's T-shirt.
“Long night, punk?”
Another month passes with the same routine: Wake up, eat breakfast, and drive to the next stop on the map. Steve doesn’t mention his panic attacks to the other two, and though he knows Natasha is aware of how on edge he really is, they don’t ask. Tony sends information ー sometimes to Natasha’s phone, other times to Steve ー as he gets it; unfortunately, it isn’t much to go on. By the time they get to the bases, the buildings and compounds are usually up in flames or in a mass of rubble. Steve finds his patience has worn thin to the point that he is constantly having to bite his tongue so that he doesn’t snap at his friends. His inbox is slowly filling up with text messages from Tony, random pointless messages that make little to no sense or inquiries about how Steve is doing; they’re all friendly enough, which causes Steve’s brain to stumble to a halt any time he reads them.
“Sure, sure, I can see it. You also have what looks like...melon in your hair, why do you have melon in your hair?”
. How can he already be so attached?”
Steve recoils but he can't argue; that's exactly what he'd dreamed, as well, and it hurts him to his core that Tony had had the same vision in his sleep. “Yeah, uh, that.”
“What?”
“Nah, stay. It's okay. Want a drink?”
“Well, good luck with…everything, and uh, don’t be too upset if I’m far away when – I mean,
“Yes, Captain.”
Tony shakes his head before giving in to the insistent hands pushing him toward a sofa. He sits, glares at Natasha who shrugs and disappears through the people gathered. Pepper joins him within minutes; she has two plates in hand, passing one over to him.
“Ah, Mr Stark, I am so pleased to see that you and the good Captain have ー”
“But why don't you wanna marry my daddy? Don't you love him? A'cuz I saw you and Daddy kissin’ last time I was here, and Mommy says if you kiss someone, that means you love 'em.”
Steve swallows thickly. “Yup, quarter of a century. Longest friendship I've ever had.”
“I really, really love you.”
Captain America. Loki has been flawless in his mimicry; even Pepper gave her approval with a thoughtful
work. But then Peter came along, and we both realised that we were less of a couple and more of...friends who happened to have a child together. We hadn’t had sex in nearly a year, since a couple weeks after we found out she was pregnant, and it just wasn’t working, but we tried so hard to pretend it was fine, that it wasn’t falling to pieces around us, and I don’t want to do that to you, Steve, I
Pepper and Phil are just heading through the doors of May's by the time Tony parks the car in the lot. Phil sees them first, gestures for Pepper to wait; they stand just inside the entryway so that Tony and Steve can catch up. Once seated, Darcy bounces over with a wide grin. She makes small talk while Steve and Phil skim the menus, but Steve is distracted by the way Tony's foot nudges his ankle, wraps around and remains there. It's such a subtle thing, not really worthy of the break in Steve's concentration, but his cheeks warm at the simple contact. He forces his gaze to stay on the list of meals, even as he hears Pepper giggle softly across the table. He finally orders the first thing that sounds decent, though he can barely hear himself as he speaks.
“How does this work? Because the only thing that’s coming to mind is someone waving a –”
JARVIS responds immediately with, “It has been eight months, twenty-three days, sir.”
“This is something you need to bring up with him. C’mon, we’ll do some research into reputable adoption agencies or surrogates.”
“You sure?”
At Steve’s affirmative, Tony shifts their bodies until he’s laying on his back with his arm around Steve’s shoulders. Steve rests his head on Tony’s chest, one hand coming up to lightly cover the arc reactor.
“Mister Stark, would you like to cut the cord?”
She smiles, a fleeting twitch of her lips, and nods.
Steve laughs outright when his palm is licked where it rests over his partner’s mouth. “JARVIS, please don't.”
“Carrot stick?”
, he thinks even as he follows instructions. Tony runs his fingers through Steve’s sweat-soaked hair, murmurs praise and encouragement; his hand stays firmly in Steve’s through every push, every cry of pain, though Steve is certain there’s no way it’s not hurting Tony.
. He watches her go, her white-purple nails flashing through the air with each step, until she's gone. Rhodey sits on the stool she's just vacated and stares at Tony.
“It’s fine.”
“Since before the dawn of civilisations, I have been Keeper of Fates, Watcher over the destinies written far before your time, spanning far after you will be gone. I foresaw the greatest team of defenders this universe has seen in a very long time, falling apart because of the hands of someone else, when there was a greater threat just beyond the horizon. I've grown to be quite fond of you, all of you, and I knew that if this universe, all the realms I watch over, all the different universes attached to this one, were to survive, you must not be allowed to separate. So, I went against the rules. I warned you all. It needed to be done, and I so hoped that you would take the warning seriously, that you would do all in your power to not let it happen.
He jerks to consciousness at a deafening
“Like what?”
Before she can say anything, Tony takes the infant from Steve and places her in Natasha’s arms. The redhead’s are suspiciously bright, and there’s a slight tic in her jaw, but she looks directly in Tony’s eyes and nods once. Tony kisses her forehead and steps back.
“Hi, Daddy!”
“I hate you. So much.”
“Heya, Steve. This is Happy. He’s a good guy, swear. Not a kidnapper. He's gonna take Peter home to his mom.”
thing in order to get what he wants.
“You two are so wonderful,” she announces, looking at Steve then Phil. “You really are. Tony and I, we were worried about dating again, but… I’m really glad that we met you two.”
He jerks, nods. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
He gestures for Tony to stay where he is before following after the woman, her bald head gleaming under the lights from above. When she comes to a stop, she stands beside an older man in a fitted suit, her posture familiar, one of a warrior on duty; the man's dark eyes study Steve from behind his glasses, and Steve finds himself almost wishing he had the shield on him. Suddenly, the man smiles and holds out a hand.
flashes on the screen under Tony's name. The call has been disconnected. Something in his chest clenches tight; he hadn't meant to make Tony mad, but evidently, he has. He breathes unsteadily, tries to stem the tears that burn in his eyes. Hands shaking violently, he plugs the charger into his phone, lets the device fall to the floor, and stares at the ceiling as he does his best to ignore that he's probably messed everything up.
A laugh forces its way out of Steve’s chest. He can’t stop chuckling for a long few moments. Tony’s eyes are bright, happy, when Steve finally manages to calm down. He cups Tony’s jaw with a hand, turns his face so that he can press a kiss to his partner’s lips. When they part, Steve tilts his chin and kisses the end of Tony’s nose.
The look Pepper gives him could strip paint from metal. He hurriedly plasters an innocent expression on his face; judging by Steve’s laugh and her eye roll, his attempt isn’t successful.
“I'm literally only two years older than you.”
“Okay. Meet me in my room whenever you’re done here, Cap.”
“He’s my best friend. I tell him all my secrets, and he keeps monsters away while I s’eep.”
Bucky barely glances at him as he pulls a box of honey-nut Cheerios from the cupboard. “No idea. It was shoved under the door.”
>>Certainly.
“The dad – this isn’t funny, Ma, stop laughin’!”
“That kind of defeats the purpose of me having this body, doesn’t it?”
Steve doesn't see much of Tony throughout the rest of the weekend, but he doesn't mind. Their relationship is still new, and besides, Peter needs his dad more. So he deals with seeing Tony in the ten minutes after Peter goes to sleep and text messages. It's good, it's
“Heart’s fine, and development looks good,” announces Don. “Get the scalpel.”
… … … …
“I… I want a child.”
leave the tower, got that?”
“You remember me tellin’ you about the man who lives across the hall from me?”
“Tony, I've spent almost thirty years wanting more than just visits in dreams with you. Now that I have it, I'm not givin’ it up if I can help it. You've always been a constant in my life, ever since I was five. You have been the one person I trusted wholeheartedly the entire time, besides Ma and Bucky. And, well, I've known for so long that anywhere that you are? That's home to me, no matter what’s out there waiting. You're it for me. You're my home.”
He sits there in the deafening silence, holding onto Dum-E and staring around the workshop. Half-finished projects lay in piles of organised chaos on the tables, but all the tools are in their proper places, waiting to be used. A large pencil drawing is the only actual decoration; it’s one of Steve’s works, done shortly before he began dating Tony. It was a birthday present for the man who has nearly everything and can buy whatever he doesn’t. In the drawing, Tony and his bots are at the forefront, the centre of attention, working on an Iron Man suit. Natasha is to the left, sharpening knives with a small smile on her face while Sam reads
Tony nods succinctly and turns his head to accept the kiss Steve is offering, then watches as his love walks away. His body feels colder without Steve wrapped around him, but having an unimpeded view of Captain America’s ass as it shifts side to side almost makes up for it. Once Steve is out of sight, Tony brings up the schematics again. His concentration is shot to Hell, however, being overrun by this latest “Baby Talk.”
“Thanks, big guy. Can, uh, can we keep this between us? I mean, I’ll tell Cap we talked, but… The team doesn’t need to know until we have answers.”
“Stevie, relax. You got this. You can do this. I promise. Call me back if you need to, okay? I gotta go, I’m still at work. I love you.”
“Um, I have no idea. I guess I could tell you about the time I broke an ankle jumping off a second-story fire escape.”
“It’s amazing. I especially love Princess Coulson. Hey, can we talk?”
“Call me in the morning, baby. Let me know how it goes.”
The visits come less often now. Steve has noticed that, as they grow older, they have more control over when they meet, where they meet, and for how long. Instead of coming together every night once they’re asleep, Tony starts showing up every other night, and he leaves far sooner than Steve wants him to. He wants to beg Tony to stay, but he knows that Tony has a life outside of their dreams, so he keeps his words behind his teeth and tries to enjoy the little time they have.
“Are you?”
that he’s willing to look past the reasons why this is a terrible idea. Judging by the expression on Tony’s face, though, accepting the inclusion of Loki might put a stop to everything before it even begins.
“‘Because’ isn't a reason.”
“Thanks, Pep.”
“Z’it got veg’ables?”
“How long does it usually take?”
going to argue?”
, I tend to break out in hives. Wait – I’ll call you back, all right, I love you.”
“Eh, I like to think I held my own.”
Peter is at Steve’s side immediately, bouncing on his toes as he waits anxiously for his aunt to let them in. Thankfully, she does so as soon as Peter is ready; Steve ushers Peter in first then follows suit, coming to an abrupt stop at the sight of Pepper standing across the room as she checks her reflection in the full-length mirror. Tony is beside her and staring at her like he’s never seen anyone more radiant, and if Steve is being honest, he’s hard-pressed to come up with even one person who has ever looked as gorgeous and flawless as Peter’s mother does right now. The pink-gold colour of the dress complements her skin, accents the redness of her hair which has been pulled back into an elegant bun with locks of hair curled to frame her face; she runs her hands over the lace-covered bodice, smooths out the hem where lace meets chiffon.
. Tony slips a hand between their bodies, thumb against Steve’s clit, varies the pressure and pattern, and Steve cries out brokenly. His walls convulse, squeeze Tony’s dick rhythmically, and Tony thrusts once, twice, three more times and comes; his vision goes hazy at the edges, but Steve’s face, sweaty and twisted in pleasure, is crystal clear, is the most perfect thing Tony has ever seen.
“That's fine. I'll call Happy in a minute, have him drive me back.”
Steve pushes himself to his feet, catches a glimpse of his reflection in the mirror above the sink. The tightness around his eyes, the drawn heaviness that drags on his body, the loss and pain on his face… They all serve to remind him of all the ghosts and guilt he carries with him every day, exacerbated by the way his world has been turned upside down repeatedly since he came out of the ice. He swallows past the lump in his throat, straightening his shoulders, and watches how the Captain America mask slips into place and the hurt, the confusion, the Steve part of him disappears.
in the dark. It took a moment, but then he heard a quiet sniffle and took a step towards the noise. Wet breathing echoed slightly, leading him further into the room. His thighs collided with something firm yet yielding ー a mattress.
Tony pulls back off of Steve, and his thrusts speed up, increasing in force, and it isn’t long before Steve’s breath is being fucked out of him. He can’t stop it, can’t keep the tear from sliding down his cheek as the air fills with the sound of skin slapping against skin, their cursing and moans and
“I know. I keep expecting to wake up. It was really difficult to not try to find you last night, or else I’da told you all about this.”
“Like I just had a baby.”
“That kinda defeats the purpose of Loki body-swapping you, but sure, anything you want.”
By the time they finish shopping, Steve is exhausted and freezing. Pepper sends Happy to the tower with the bags; it takes some persuading, but he eventually agrees, leaving with a promise to be back immediately. Natasha steps away for a few minutes, reappearing with three to-go coffee cups. Steve spirals from the slits in the lids; she passes a cup to Steve, another to Pepper, and keeps the third for herself.
Unfortunately, Steve gets the feeling that Tony is holding him at arm’s length. They don’t talk about being soulmates again, and Tony looks incredibly uncomfortable whenever
It’s not supposed to be like this, Steve thinks desperately as the man in the black trenchcoat tells him it’s been seventy years.
“Because you're perfect. She wants us to go out tonight.”
doesn’t seem to be enough, but anything else would be too much to discuss in text messages. In the end, he settles for something to the point.
“Of course. They… they mean a lot to me.”
Steve closes his eyes as the front door closes. “Sorry 'bout that, didn't expect him to show up this morning.”
“Of course.”
“Holy effing
"You as well, ma'am." Tony crossed the room, bowing and pressing a kiss to the air above her delicate hand. "I'm glad to see you're in such great health and as beautiful as ever."
“Me?”
A light tapping on the door draws Steve away from the cartoon and the (admittedly little) progress he’s made to his comic. He checks the time on his phone – 9:05 pm – before heaving himself to his feet and crossing the room. An exhausted-looking Tony stands on the other side of the door when Steve pulls it open. Peter’s father manages to smile a greeting, but it only serves to accentuate the dark circles under his eyes.
Tony glances at Coulson as Pepper steps away. “I’d give it a bit. There may not have been any complications, but it took a few hours for him to dilate completely. They’ve got him using the bathroom before they move him to a recovery room. Did you know that’s a thing – after giving birth, you have to have a bowel movement before you can be transferred? Because I did not know that. Anyway. Give us about an hour, and I’ll come out and get you.”
“I don’t know.”
. Steve smiles to himself, begins preparing the pancakes Clint loves so much. By the time the last one has been flipped onto an oven-safe dish to warm, the archer has surprisingly stumbled his way into the kitchen, poured himself a mug of coffee, and gulped it down; Steve is still impressed by Clint’s lack of wincing, even though his mouth and throat are more than likely scalded.
“Yes, I have eyes and ears everywhere. Anyway, what do you say?”
His phone vibrates across the table, a loud dance that is annoying enough to cause Pepper to stumble in her speaking. She cuts a frosty glare in Tony’s direction before pushing on; he smiles apologetically, grabs up his phone, and hastily unlocks the device.
“Cap ー” Sam starts, and Steve shakes his head, cutting him off.
“Forgive me, Captain, but Mister Stark has programmed me to keep track of the usage of products within the tower. It has come to my attention that you have yet to open the hygiene products you requested at the end of your last cycle, yet, by my calculations, the latest cycle should have begun on the twenty-second.”
“Hey, I know it’s disgustingly early, but I need you to do something for me, please.”
“Am I calling at a bad time?” he asks a few minutes later, and Bucky’s breathless chuckle answers down the line.
Steve’s never been in her quarters, so he doesn’t really know what to expect. Based off of her personality, he anticipates a bland, unassuming interior, like what he might find in a hotel: Generic patterns, simple basics. But this is something entirely different. The walls are a cool peach, dotted with thought-provoking art. A large, sunny yellow braided rug covers much of the living room floor in front of a plush black couch. Framed photographs line shelves along one wall, and two bookshelves are pressed together and hold dozens of books. In the armchair sits a bright purple pillow in the shape of a devil emoji; a collapsible keyboard-piano rests against the wall beside the couch.
Silence descends, thick and resounding, as Tony mulls over Steve's words. Steve doesn't push for a response, doesn't speak. He hadn't considered pursuing a relationship with Tony beyond what they already had. He had been content enough just to be neighbours, sort of friends, had been willing to ignore his attraction to Tony and hope it went away with time, but Bucky had made a good point. Steve's always valued his privacy, making exceptions only for those closest to him; he has rarely had this quick of a connection with someone who wasn't Bucky. Tony, though… Tony is different, somehow. Even now that Steve knows exactly who Tony is ー and he feels so dumb for not having made the connection sooner, but he figures he can be forgiven for it, since Tony's long been out of the spotlight save for sporadic appearances at charity galas ー Steve doesn't think his feelings have anything to do with the other man's last name and wealth. He
ends and
“It is nothing to apologise for, Mister Stark.”
superhumans ー should be on a roster somewhere, with stricter guidelines and less freedoms, locked up somewhere away from 'normal civilians’; it took five hours for Steve to listen to reason and overpower the visceral urge to show up on their doorsteps reminding them that the last time something like that happened, the world was at war against Nazis. Other people have said that the Accords could only end badly, that putting restrictions on the people saving the world could only serve to prevent rapid response in the case of impending world doom. There are only a small handful who praise the Avengers for doing their part in not overstepping their boundaries and putting limitations on their powers.
Objectively, Tony knows the woman is attractive, with her long dark hair pulled into an extravagant bun and the gentle curls draping from the mass, and her big, brown eyes expertly lined and her long lashes curled, thickened, and lengthened by just enough mascara. Her dress is doing her body so many favours, her curves on display by the gown that clings and gives in all the right ways. So yeah, she's beautiful, and Tony doesn't even know her name, but he hates her.
“Why are you here?” he asks wearily, lowering himself into the armchair by the window; he winces at the scratchy fabric against his exposed arms.
“Sorry, Petey-bug, it's okay, go back to sleep. You're safe.” He glances over his shoulder at Happy whose expression goes from appraising to blank the instant he notices Steve’s attention. “Want me to just carry him to your car?”
“Steve, darling, there is nothing I could ever regret when it comes to being with you. Yes, I changed my mind, but you have to believe me, I wouldn’t have done it, I wouldn’t have said yes to any of this if I didn’t want to change my mind. Yes, I’d prefer if we didn’t need Loki, but babe, I…I’ve actually kinda gotten used to the idea of a mini-you. I promise I won’t regret this. How could I? I’m going to be doing this with you, the man I’m so incredibly in love with, it’s terrifying.
“Natasha said it would be smart, and if we didn’t, it had the potential of causing a
“It could kill her!” protests Mal even as she reaches for a syringe.
Once Tony stopped pacing the office, clutching his hair and alternating between panicking and being overjoyed at the news, Steve managed to sit him down so they could make a plan for what was to happen next. Tony had JARVIS hold his calls while they researched the most highly-recommended obstetricians; thirty-five minutes were spent arguing over which doctor was better – Carpenter, David, or Cavendish. Steve put an end to the discussion by kissing Tony goodbye and leaving before he lost control over his laughter. Thankfully, he and Tony are on the same page in regards to at least
“Ask me again when I’m awake.”
By Doctor Cavendish’s calculations, Steve is thirty-five weeks along, thankfully nearing the end of the pregnancy. He’s loved the experience, enjoyed so much the feeling of the baby growing inside of him. It’s made having sex a bit awkward, especially during the last few weeks, and the so-called “morning” sickness has made a comeback, but overall, it’s been an amazing experience. He doesn’t think he’ll want to do it again, though.
The floor lurches under his feet, and he makes his way to the door on unsteady legs. The motel manager stands on the other side, her expression torn between irritation and concern. She fakes a step back when the door catches on the end of the chain, and Steve peers through the crack.
What follows is a long string of coordinates, and Steve skims over them, hoping to recognise any of the numbers. He knows that if they have this list, then Bucky does, too. It’s just a guessing game as to which he’ll hit next and hopefully getting there first.
Halfway through dinner, Tony lets his fork fall to his plate and stands. Conversations stop abruptly, and he studiously avoids meeting Steve's gaze. He forces a smile, carries his plate to the sink, and drops it in with a loud clatter. He can't see where he's going, not really, but he designed this entire building, he knows the routes even without sight. So he breezes past the rest of the team ー and one hanger-on ー and makes his way to his living quarters. The silence there echoes, weighs on him, and he
“This is incredibly sexy, Steve.” He presses a kiss to the lace, laps at the very edge of the g-string’s crotch, moans at the taste flooding his tongue. “God, I wanna devour you.”
The screen remains unchanged for a long minute during which Steve’s heart begins to pound. He wonders if he should just have left it at a simple thanks ー or nothing at all ー but it’s too late now.
afterward. The crude jokes never bothered Tony; he seemed to bask in the attention. Thankfully, it only happened once.
Steve stands when everyone else does, and as one, the group turns to face the back end of the aisle. Tony is beaming as he walks arm-in-arm with the gorgeous bride. Her gaze is solely on Phil, brimming with unshed tears and a smile tugging at the corner of her lips. Steve catches Tony’s eye as they pass, and Tony winks quickly before he steps forward again. The ceremony seems to go by in a blur, vows being spoken in love-filled voices that brings a tear to even Steve’s eyes, the gentle crash of waves in the background. When the minister pronounces them man and wife, the cacophony of voices cheering drowns out everything else, except for Peter’s shrieked “
Steve faces the Wakandan prince but still keeps an eye on Bucky. T'Challa explains how advanced Wakanda is, regardless of how the country is viewed by the rest of the world. His sister and their team of medical staff have technology, leaps and bounds ahead of what is standard throughout the world, that can erase the trigger words and damage done to Bucky's brain. Steve knew about Wakanda, he knows they all knew, and this isn't any new information, but this is refuge offered without violence, help given without their lives hanging in the balance. Steve wants to agree to it on Bucky's behalf, but he refrains. This is a choice only Bucky can make.
“Steve. The last time I let you drive with me in the car was after the surgery to get my arm fixed. By the time we got home, I was willing to give up my other arm if it meant never again being a passenger if you were behind the wheel.”
“Yes, thank you, Ms Potts.”
Steve opens up the messaging application and sees that the inbox is already set up, full of threads with each of his teammates ー so obviously Tony’s doing. Steve ignores the warmth that flares up in his chest and opens up the thread with Tony, whose name is at the bottom of the list. He stares at the blinking cursor in the compose box. What should he say?
How could Tony just
Tony toes off his shoes inside the front door and makes his way to the bedroom. As soon as he opens the door, soft music begins to play, and he freezes at the sight of what's in his bed. Steve lounges against the pillows, body on display, illuminated and shadowed by the multitude of candles flickering on the dresser and night stands, curves and soft lines framed by thin lace. The swells of his breasts threaten to spill from the cups of the teddy; a small scrap of fabric comprises what can only be a thong. On his feet are a pair of strappy black heels. Tony can't stop the twitch of his cock, the fact his mouth starts watering, or the small whimper that escapes him. Steve bites his bottom lip, beckons Tony closer. Tony goes immediately, stripping as he crosses the room.
His shower is quick; he doesn't wait for the water to warm up before he steps in. The icy spray is shocking, sends goosebumps racing along his skin, but he methodically scrubs himself down until he's clean. His head is slightly clearer when he shuts the water off. If Tony says no, there's not much Steve can do about it, but it doesn't mean he has to let it destroy the friendship they've built over shared episodes of
“You’re right,” Steve sighs as he curls tighter into a ball.
“His aunt.”
“There is someone who would like to have a word with you, Captain Rogers.”
Clint shrugs, taking the pan off the hot burner. “Damned if I know, just give her time to cool off. You want any breakfast?”
“Of course. All you need to do is swipe down from the top of the screen. The device will automatically kill the processes not in use to preserve battery life.”
Once he's dressed, Steve stands still as Tony rolls the sleeves of the shirt and sweater up to his elbows, and adjusts the collar of the button-down so that it lays loose against the wool of the sweater. Steve is finally given the okay to go to the bathroom; he quickly uses the toilet, washes his hands and face, and brushes his teeth, yelping when Tony barges in. He accepts his fate when Tony shoves his hands under the tap and then runs wet hands through Steve's hair, forces it to stay flat instead of poking up in the back like it usually does from hours spent with his head in his hand or combing fingers through his hair in frustration.
Meeting Howard’s kid, now a grown man, was something Steve had both looked forward to and dreaded. Would Anthony be anything like his father? Steve wasn’t sure what would be worse ー if the son was everything like the man or nothing. Looking back now, Steve can see that he was foolish to ever hope that having Howard as a point of commonality would be enough to forge a connection with Anthony…
I know I posted a chapter yesterday, but I got some terrible news this morning, and I needed something to keep my mind distracted, so here it is. The penultimate chapter.
“Thanks, you’re the best. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise.”
“Cap?”
“Yeah.” Steve sighs and sips from his coffee cup. “I haven't been back to the actual place since. I tried once but I, I couldn't get out of the car. It just didn't feel right without her.”
“And if it fails? What then? We’ll just pretend nothing ever happened, and you’ll continue babysitting Peter like we’d never kissed or dated or fucked?”
, the knee-jerk reaction to Tony's rejection so close to the surface that it's harder than it should have been. “Can, can I ask why?”
, and unable to properly mourn all that he gave up.
“You… you know we’re soulmates, right?”
“Want your sunshine song?”
Steve snorts and buries his face against Tony’s shoulder. “Oh, yes, gotta marry for that excellent dental.”
understand the agony and fear that comes with an attack, an explosion that destroys their transport and takes their lives as easily as a candle being snuffed out by a breeze. Thankfully, that's the most of a response that Steve gets. Tony doesn't offer platitudes or words of wisdom about something he hasn't witnessed, and he sure as hell doesn't tell Steve that he'll be fine. It's been a few years since then, and Steve has mostly gotten through the trauma, but he still has a hard time opening up about it. He clears his throat, takes a sip of the wine, tries ー and fails at ー not grimacing at the dry, bittersweet taste. Tony catches his expression, laughing softly, and reaches across the table to snag Steve's glass away. He barely has to stretch to set it on the counter; Steve is oddly grateful for it. If the glass had remained, he would continue to drink it, never mind how disgusting he finds the liquid.
“Wonderful! My mother wished not to intrude, so she has asked me inquire as to whether you and Tony have come to decision.”
The penthouse is silent and dark when Steve goes to bed that night. Tony is, according to JARVIS, on a conference call with a higher-up at an SI plant overseas and will be for some time. Steve brushes his teeth, changes into a pair of Iron Man pyjama pants (surprisingly a gift from Ms Potts for his birthday) and a T-shirt, and climbs into the large bed. With a sigh in the face of what’s looking like another night of sleeping alone, he reaches toward the nightstand and pulls out a thick, leather-bound notebook he’d seen in the window of a rundown bookstore last month. He flips to a clean page, puts pen to paper.
“Why would I go anywhere?” Steve asks just as softly; his fingers rest against the warm cover of the arc reactor. He imagines he can feel it humming under his hand, pulsing life into Tony.
“I know, I know.”
“I just regret that you wouldn’t let me destroy AIM while I had the chance,” Tony mutters darkly as he stabs a fry into the puddle of ketchup on his plate.
“Why now, Tony? Why wait until now to say anything?”
“Of course. I have sent the data to your phone, along with Agent Romanov’s and Mister Wilson’s.”
The woman behind the desk clears her throat. “Before you go, Mr Rogers, Mr Parker told us to give you this.”
“I was – at first. I mean, Loki and magic? Not exactly my favourite things, especially since you’re still a bit...troubled by what happened. But Steve’s involved, and I knew you’d do anything for him, and you’re such a smooth talker that you could easily convince an ice queen that her kingdom needs more ice, let alone convincing yourself that what Steve wants is more important and you’d somehow be failing him if you didn’t go along with this.” She sighs, watching Steve laugh and Chat with Coulson. “I’m glad I was wrong, though. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you this happy about anything. I am so proud of you.”
“If he really wanted to know, he could’ve used the override code I programmed specifically for him, for that reason,” Tony wheezes as he sprawls across the mat.
“I do just fine, thank you very much.”
. If anyone’s gonna screw this kid up, it’s absolutely going to be me. I’m going to fail, and this child is going to hate me.”
doesn't, think that you should even be a superhero, but the thing is, you're going to keep being the friendly neighbourhood Spiderman whether you have backup or not, and if you join us, you'll have the required training to not die five minutes in, and you'll have someone to help on the bigger things.”
“Hi. You're Steve's friend, uh, Bucky, right?, right, Bucky, hi, morning.”
you are cheating on Steve –”
“Sure, why the fuck not. It’s simple, really: I don’t want them. Hey, I was right, it was simple.”
“How many times have we had this argument? Call her Pepper.”
Coulson stands, and that signals the end of the impromptu meeting. Ms Potts follows the SHIELD agent out of the kitchen, Clint and Natasha close behind. Wanda forces a smile before disappearing down the hall, the lingering, faint glimmer of pinkish-red sparks the only evidence that she'd even been there. Steve drops his head to his hands and closes his eyes.
“Okay. Well, it's barely past five o'clock now, so as long as we leave by five-thirty, maybe five-forty, we’ll get there in time.” Steve strokes a thumb across Tony's cheek. “You're really nervous about this, aren't you?”
“No,” he admits reluctantly. “It’s true, but that’s not why I’m callin’. Pete doesn’t wanna go to school today.”
“Sorry, sir, but that's not happening. I don't know you, and I wasn't told about anyone coming to get him, so no, he won't be going with you. If that's all, have a good night.”
“I’ll get her,” volunteers Coulson, standing at once and heading to the lift.
“The situation with the Winter Soldier, also known as James Barnes, is a complex one, you must admit, Captain Rogers,” one of them says, leaning forward in his seat to pin Steve with a steady stare. “But, given that you and the rest of your team have come up with a viable plan, I suppose there will be no harm in allowing this. However, do keep in mind that we will be watching very, very closely.”
An enormous hand reaches for him, and Tony instinctively flinches, gasps when a lightning bolt of pain arcs through him. Hulk pulls him out of the rubble, the movement gentle – surprisingly so. Once Tony’s out and standing on solid ground next to Pepper, Hulk bares his teeth in what Tony hopes is a smile and bounds away with a roar. Pepper’s faceplate is already lifted, and she’s staring at Tony like she isn’t sure if she should hug him or strangle him. Tony tries to remove his helmet but finds he’s unable to. The armour is dead, the connection to JARVIS severed; he follows Pepper to an alley that’s in one piece, away from the sounds of the fighting, where another suit stands ready. It takes a while, but finally, the last piece of the trashed armour clatters to the ground. Tony nudges the pile with his toe, sighing, and Pepper smiles gently.
“Oh, absolutely. Your da made me forget anything wrong. When we were together, it was like the world didn't exist, only us. I smiled and laughed far more than I'd ever done before, and when I cried for whatever reason, he was there to dry my cheeks, tell me it'll all be okay, and we would work through whatever the problem was. Together, he'd say, we can get through this as long as we're together.”
“Look, Tony, just be honest. If you really don’t want children, tell me, and I’ll drop it. But please don’t say you don’t just because of some fear of turning out like Howard. I’ll be there every step of the way to make sure that you won’t, with or without children. Because I love you very much, and my life would be so empty without you.”
“It’s a lot like dating me, only with more legal benefits,” quips Tony, even as his expression smooths out and his lips twitch.
The CEO picks up on the second ring, but Tony stays silent. It’s as if the ability to speak is suddenly beyond his capabilities.
Tony pauses before admitting, “No.”
“Steve wasn’t even mad that you weren’t there. Pepper called and explained what was going on, so he was okay with doing it alone. Well, without you, anyway, he wasn’t alone – Sam and I went with him. Would he have preferred you were by his side? Yes. Did he want to punch whoever screwed up in R&D, in the face? Yes. But he was
Steve hangs up, standing and shoving his phone in his pocket. He doesn't bother asking Bucky for permission for his car; he ducks into the photography section, makes his way to the lockers, and quickly inputs Bucky's combination (seriously, an amalgamation of Nat, Clint, Sam, and Bucky's birthdays is not a secure combination). He swipes the keys off the top shelf and leaves the room before he's found out.
“Well, I'd had a plan,” Tony starts; his breath hitches when Steve kisses the soft skin below his jaw.
“Thanks, Thor.”
Everybody dreams. It’s a fact of life. Even babies dream while they sleep, according to some experts. So, the fact that Steve has had dreams as long as he can remember… That’s nothing new. It’s what happens inside the dreams that seems to be the cause of his ma’s worry and doctor’s wonderings.
Steve spends the next couple of hours working in a fury-fuelled frenzy. He's aware that a lot of his anger is irrational – any normal, sane person would expect to be paid for watching someone else's kid, just like any normal, sane person would expect to have to pay someone for watching their kid – but he can't figure out how to let it go. He ignores everyone around, even when they come up to his desk, and even Natasha slapping him on the back of the head doesn't force him out of his own thoughts.
“You, uh, you know about that?”
“Ah.” Her lips quirk upwards minutely before she becomes serious once more. “Are you done here? I got you some stuff to help you while you’re...not you.”
Steve jerks backward and stares, blinking stupidly at DUM-E; he hadn’t known Tony had given the bot a speaking protocol. He turns rapidly when someone clears their throat from across the workshop. Tony stands there, looking like he’s fighting back laughter with his arms crossed over his chest. Steve can feel his cheeks burning hotly, and he studiously avoids Tony’s gaze, staring down at DUM-E’s support strut instead.
“You okay?”
“I swear, if you say 'penis-shaped candle' one more time, the only thing you'll be fucking for a while is your hand," Steve groaned, head dropping to rest in his hands.
“No. I haven’t touched alcohol in – how long, J?”
“You give so much of yourself away, without asking for a damn thing in return. You’re constantly looking for new ways to protect us when we’re in the field, new ways to make us happy or our lives easier when we’re here at home. Hell, we only have this home because of your generosity. You and I weren’t even friends, just two people who fought for a common cause, and you
“He’ll have to do some training before this happens,” Steve announces. “If he doesn’t learn to move the way I do, no one’s going to believe he’s me.”
"Huh?"
Natasha leads him into the kitchen, getting to work immediately on filling a kettle with water and putting it on the stove. Steve sits in one of the chairs, stays silent while she works. Once the tea is ready, she places a cup in front of him, sets out a jar of jam, and lowers herself into the remaining seat.
“Yeah, five dollars. I mean, it’s not that difficult, and it’s not like I’m actually doing any travelling, ya know? You live right across the hall, so…”
“Yeah.” He takes a moment to examine himself. “Loki turned me into a – a woman.”
“There’s no ‘special rule’. Just make sure the water’s not too hot – kids have more sensitive skin. Test the temperature with your wrist. Regular shampoo is fine for this one time, but if he’s going to be there a lot, ask his father for his own shampoo and body wash. Oh, and make sure you stay with him. You don’t want him to drown.”
Steve gets to the door in time to see the streaks of blue-tinged white speeding away. He stares at the night sky long after Tony’s disappeared. His mind is a jumbled mess. He feels like most of the issues that they have with each other have yet to be resolved, that they’re going to loom ever more present when ー
Steve jerks at the sound of his voice; no longer deep but higher-pitched, rounder. Tony doesn’t quite manage to mask his grimace, but then he plasters a fake smile onto his face. Steve forces himself to take a deep breath, then another, even as he sits up. He glances around the workshop and sees Dum-E peeking almost tentatively from around a cluttered workbench; the fire extinguisher is still in his claw, aimed at Loki. The woman from Asgard steps forward, flashing Steve a reassuring smile.
“Why are we talking about me?”
“No, I didn’t automatically forgive him. I did listen to him, though. He explained that his insecurities got the best of him and that he knows it isn’t a good enough reason. He even offered to go back into therapy.”
He crosses the gym to the treadmill, Nat following closely behind. “It’s…come up.”
Thor meets them at the edge of the destruction, expression grim, arms crossed across his massive chest as he watches medical personnel swarm the rubble. T'Challa joins after a moment; he stares at Steve. His eyes are hard, full of grief, and Steve's heart aches for the man's loss.
In response, the doors swish open, and the hallway brightens as light spills out of the workshop. Steve hesitates,  then steps inside. Brilliant blue holoscreens float in the air, and DUM-E beeps as Steve nears. Tony doesn’t glance up from the schematics he’s manipulating around; he does wiggle his fingers in Steve’s direction, though, so Steve counts it as a win. He makes his way across the large space to the couch in the corner. A thick afghan is draped over the back, its mere presence signifying that someone sleeps down here multiple times. He settles into the cushions, sighs as quietly as he can. Tony still hasn’t looked away from his work, too immersed in lining up blueprints and enlarging what appears to be a new suit design. Steve watches the other man’s fingers moving across the screens as if it’s a well-known dance.
“Yes! Yes, yes, oh, thank you, thank you!”
“Gottit. Seriously, Stevie, go get some more sleep.”
“Nerves are to be expected, Captain Rogers, but do not worry. There is nothing to hurt you.” Loki’s smile is surely meant to be comforting, but Steve isn’t really reassured, not with the memory of his last encounter with Loki. “The process is fast and painless, though it will be uncomfortable, especially the first time. It is easier if you close your eyes and keep an open mind, remember why you are here, why you are doing this. Magic works best when placed upon willing participants.”
Tony's eyes soften at the edges; he holds too much weight on his shoulders, but he refuses to let Steve help carry the load, and Steve hates it, hates not being able to lessen the burden, hates not knowing what he can do to make Tony this carefree and light-hearted outside of these few stolen hours in the night, but he loves seeing the way Tony melts a bit, becomes almost weightless with the ease of no responsibility that he's far too young for. “This is the only time I'm allowed to be me. And me wants coffee.”
To his credit, Thor’s smile doesn’t dim – much. “Loki will cast a transfiguration spell upon Steve when you are ready. He will remain at your service until after the recovery from childbirth. He has accepted to take Steve’s place in battle by transfiguring himself to take Steve’s form, which will end the moment he arrives back in the tower, as we’ve discussed before. The spell will need to be recast periodically,  but it will be effective until the end, I can assure you.”
Dinner is relatively quiet; neither man talks about anything more than the basics of their days. It’s awkward and stilted, and Steve finds himself wondering if this is what Tony had in mind for the night when he invited Steve over. Texting had been so easy, so simple, not full of this...weirdness. The glass of wine in front of Steve hasn’t been touched, and Tony has only taken one small sip since the meal started.
, Steve sends back.
Her mask slips; she glares, shifting her weight minutely. “Let’s go.”
“Uh, is there any specific reason you're watchin’ me walk across a hallway that's barely ten feet wide?”
“J, queue up the ‘Post Bad Dream’ playlist, please.”
“Of course. I’m unsure exactly of what I could do. If you will grant me a week, maybe less, I can return home and speak to my mother’s court, see what might be an acceptable method to assist you and Steve in this endeavour.”
“Only until you realised all the harm that legacy was causing, then you put a stop to it. Tony, you turned the entire company around with one press conference, no matter how many people bitched and complained or how many points the stock dropped. You did the right thing with SI, and you became Iron Man to save people. If that’s not a hero, then I don’t know what is. You’re a wonderful, caring, intelligent, fiercely loyal man – not to mention, gorgeous – and you’re gonna be a fantastic father. That’s why Sarah is going to have both last names.”
Natasha strides into the bedroom a few minutes later, walk confident in a way Tony can never achieve naturally, looking like she owns the space; a plain paper bag dangles from her slender wrist, and Tony’s tempted to kiss her for pulling Steve into the bathroom. He drops the ruined sheets into the bin mockingly labelled
The visits slow again, coming only once a week. Tony starts looking wrecked, in pain, and he disappears at the smallest provocation. Steve worries about him, of course he does ー Tony isn't acting like himself, and Steve is walking on eggshells to find and avoid the landmines that threaten their time together. Tony doesn't touch him any more, doesn't sit close enough for the chance.
of issues. And we trust him, so I didn’t see any harm in it – we
Bruce ambles in half an hour later, attention firmly on the tablet in his hands. He doesn’t look up even as Steve slides a spinach-and-egg white omelette before him, just mumbles a quick
Pepper smiles, a soft curl to her scarlet lips. “Well, whatever you’re doing with him, keep it up. He talks about you all the time. He absolutely loves you.”
“Beyond measure, but I’m also excited.”
“So, what the hell is this?” he asks once they're both safely tucked away by the coffeemaker.
“That’s all I ask.”
“How I really hate magic.”
“Mainly so Dum-E can douse Loki with the fire extinguisher.”
. Yeah, I don't like it, and yeah, it sucks, but it's necessary, and I'll get through this the way I do everything else - by focusing on the end goal."
I wouldn’t have to wait for food in the morning.”
The address listed is only a few blocks away from SHIELD. He idly wonders if Tony knows where he works before he dismisses that thought. Steve's never mentioned his job around Tony, so, unless Tony's done a background check on him, the location for lunch has to just be a coincidence. He taps his pen against his sketchpad as he thinks. Going to lunch with Tony would mean a chance to talk without the risk of someone shouting and making a scene, but it also means having to see the object of his anger in close quarters.
At Tony’s voice, Steve catches Pepper’s eye in the mirror, and he can’t help but smile. He stands and crosses the room, gathers up her hands in his, and ducks to press a barely-there kiss to her cheek.
“Oh, Hell yes,” he admits readily; it’s no secret that Tony’s publicly sworn off having children, though he’s never really given a reason – people only had to take one look at him, and they were sure they figured out why.
“It's going great, actually. Like I said, Peter's been wonderful. He says he can't wait for you to come home.” Steve exhales, heavy and longing. “I just… I just wanted to hear your voice?”
. This is
“And I have plenty of time before the baby is born. So unless you’re telling me you’ll be gone for the next five months, it’s really no different than any other time.” Steve wraps his arms around Tony’s waist, his blue eyes bright and beautiful as he smiles up at Tony. “Just do what you have to do, and come back to me, okay?”
Tony's expression flickers momentarily before he flashes a tight smile. “I can't, sorry, busy.”
The nightmares come back. Time seems to speed by during the day, and before Steve knows it, he’s readying himself for bed and praying desperately for an uninterrupted night of rest that he knows he won’t get. His faith in God, already tremulous at best, all but disappears the longer his pleas go unanswered. He spends a week locked up in his apartment, pacing and ripping pages from his sketchbook, hiding the faces of his ghosts in places that require effort to retrieve from, before he gives up.
“You haven’t had a drop of alcohol in nearly a year. And you’ve stopped spending weeks at a time in the workshop. You keep slightly more regular hours, sleep at least four hours a night, and spend an average of three evenings a week with the team and five with me. Yes, there are times that I have to pull you from Engineering Land, but I knew that would be an occurrence getting into this relationship, and it happens a lot less frequently than I thought. I don’t mind having to do it. I love watching you work, interacting with the bots. You’re more
“I’ve… I’ve never,” Steve admits on a whisper when Tony pulls away, “not with a man, anyway.”
“Can I, Daddy?”
“Just… Forget it. Go on, go be with Delilah, get married and have lots of babies. Make sure to tell me, or well, tell Pepper, where you're registering so I, and by 'I’, I mean she, can send you the most expensive thing on the list. Let's just pretend this conversation never happened.”
Something pinches his thigh, and he jerks backwards. Dum-E, You, and Butterfingers crowd around him, and damn if the three bots don’t look worried. He draws in a breath, holds it for a count of five, and exhales shakily, repeating the process until he feels more even-footed.
Natasha lets out a laugh, shaky and indicative of just how scared she really is. “How are you so good at this?”
“Hey, Tony, you should tell James.”
“Honey, she’s half-you and half-me, so there’s no doubt in my mind that she will. You love art, I love you. She really has no choice not to.”
“Where's Sabrina?” Tony questions, looking around the room, and Steve realises with a start that he hasn't seen Wanda at all since this morning.
“Hey, oh my God, I’m so sorry. I just now got out of the office. I was going to go to the hospital to visit someone, but that can wait until tomorrow. I’m on my way home now.”
“I just called your dad.”
“You are...entirely too patient with me.”
“People at school make fun of me.”
Steve hesitates but eventually closes his book. He takes the time to place it back on the bookshelf, telling himself he definitely isn’t stalling. The walk to Tony’s door seems to stretch on for miles, and Steve’s heart pounds unsteadily in his chest. His skin feels clammy even to himself; a drop of sweat tickles his flesh as it slides down his spine. He comes to a stop outside the door and bites his lower lip.
Steve hears the sound of a heavy door sliding open, and instinct – stupid, thoughtless instinct – has him putting his body between the woman and the cargo van. Hands roughly pull him off his feet, and he tries to wriggle out of the tight hold, but before he can get free, the door slides shut, and the van starts moving. Someone presses a strip of fabric over his eyes, and it finally clicks: He’s been abducted. He stops struggling against the heavy weight on his legs, starts paying attention to the movement of the van. Unfortunately, his abductors seem to know what they’re doing. There’s a sharp pinch in the crook of his elbow, and a wave of disjointed euphoria washes over him.
“Pardon the interruption, Sir, but Ms Potts is looking for you.”
“You didn’t do that thing where he says sorry and you automatically forgive him whether he means it or not, did you?” Natasha asks in a light voice, her eyes never straying from the menu in her hands; Steve sighs, brushing a strand of hair out of his face.
“Please don’t walk away, not now.”
to. Just thought I'd suggest it so the birth of your child isn't surrounded by the drama of everyone questioning whether the whole parenthood thing is a last-ditch attempt at salvaging your fizzling relationship."
Steve gestures a hand toward Loki. “Go ahead.”
“Jerk,” Steve says, rolling his eyes.  “Fine, get outta here. I'll be there in a bit.”
She rises and walks away without looking back. Tony waits until she has disappeared into the elevator to climb to his feet; her words echo in his head, and he sighs. This is going to take a while to make up for.
He wakes one morning to Steve hurrying out of bed, sighs softly, and follows after the pregnant blond in time to pull his hair out of the way. The morning sickness has eased quite a bit since the second trimester began, but there are days where vomiting for twenty minutes is their wake-up call. They brush their teeth side by side, head to the shared kitchen together. The only other person there already is Coulson. Tony thinks about making a joke about the lack of paperwork, but Steve still looks a little green, so Tony stays quiet and starts dicing up apples, the one food they’ve found that calms Steve’s stomach.
To be fair, Tony figures it was bound to happen, and he's only surprised that it took six months for Steve to corner him and demand an explanation. Six long months of swallowing down bitterness and something that definitely isn't jealousy, every time Steve and Delilah, of course that's her name, were together and Tony stumbled across them. Six months of forcing himself not to flinch or flee whenever Steve mentioned date after date after date  Then he'd had to start pretending that he was thrilled when Steve didn't come back to the tower for days at a time, showing up randomly looking sated and blissed out in a way that only comes from one place, and it isn't anywhere but a bed (unless one happens to be an exhibitionist, then that's a different story). Tony wasn't sure exactly when, but it started feeling a lot like the tower was merely a place to visit for Steve, now, like he didn't even live with them any more.
