“Ugh, fine. I’m sorry that you’re so stupid.”
Tony wipes at his eyes and tries to clear his mind to sleep. It is fruitless though and he finds himself wondering how Morgan looks now. How she’s doing in school and if she still hates peas. If Pepper had ever fixed that loose board on the stairs heading into the backyard. He had meant to fix it. His mind felt muddled, for a second he wasn’t sure of his memories. He tried to remember his relationship with Pepper but it made his chest feel tight and head spin.
“Quite the opposite. It was a member of the Asgardian royal family and a sister to your teammate Thor.”
“Are you feeling alright?” Steve asks concerned. When Tony doesn’t answer he continues. “I’m sorry about earlier. Really sorry for just leaving.”
And later as his babies grew into teenagers and things with Steve started to fall apart. The arguments, the shouting, the slamming of doors. The weary looks from his children as their parents tried to pretend everything was perfect. It hadn’t lasted and soon he was all alone. Not long before the house was filled with Pepper’s laughter and the rooms started to reflect her taste. Morgan was born and he was getting to experience having a baby for the first time. Staying up all hours of the night as the little colicky baby cried endlessly. His daughter getting her first tooth, taking her first step, saying her first word. It all happened in this room. It was back to being empty and another person was leaving him. Tony didn’t know if he had the strength to do it again. They always left. Everyone did. That was his life.
Tony kisses Peter’s temple. “What’s wrong? You have a bad dream?”
Peter looks in-between the both of them. This wasn’t going how he planned. Tony being overly caring and concerned while Steve being standoffish and doesn’t want to engage.
“Daddy, isn’t that interesting?” Peter asks.
“No-one is mad at you,” Tony says.
“You’re being rude. What you said was really mean.” Peter complains as he stands up.
“You can’t just touch his boobs. You have to ask!” Beverly exclaims as she pushes through them.
“Really, Tony?”
“Hi sweetie,” she says before kissing his cheek.
Steve lifts him up into his arms and places him on his hip. With his free hand he starts to tickle him. “Can’t cry when you’re laughing, can you?”
“Thank you again,” Steve says as he picks Beverly up.
“He doesn’t have a fever so I suspect he is just getting a cold. I don’t think it’s pneumonia. That’s what you need to be worried about after a near drowning incident. I’d recommend a lot of rest and fluids. He’s going to continue to be irritable and that’s completely normal considering. Just be patient with him.”
Peter sits on his bed feeling really bored, absentmindedly swinging his legs. He hated having to sit still in time-out. He wanted to read his book or play with his toys but if Steve caught him he would add more time to the punishment. It felt oddly quiet in the room he couldn’t hear the rest of them in the house. The sound of the closet door opening causes him to go completely still. It wasn’t really happening he tries to convince himself as he slowly watches it opening. It creaked loudly and his first thought is that Steve is going to hear, come into his room and scold him for playing in the closet.  More time added. The thought is fleeting when he sees the long black hair move out of the closet. It’s attached the white ghost body of the woman from the other night. Ghosts don’t come out during the day. Not when you’re awake. Peter must have fallen asleep. This couldn’t be happening.
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
“He’s being raised by two fathers. Nothing is heteronormative for him.”
“No hospital. I’m fine.”
“Serious like a heart attack.”
Tony is watching him, arms crossed over his chest. “Why’d you run?”
Tony pushes his hand away. “My eye is attached. Thanks Dr. Stark. Good observation.”
“Oh. I’m supposed to go get it?”
Steve perches himself on the edge of the couch, body angled towards the bathroom and waits for Tony to re-emerge. Tony exits the bathroom still as full of energy as when he came in the condo. Steve wonders how many coffees he had on the four or maybe five hour drive there.  Tony pauses in front of Steve. He probably likes this. Steve being the one sitting as he stands over him.
Tony spared no expense in the bathroom, the shower was big enough for five people. Marble hexagon tiles and oil-rubbed bronze Shower heads on both side and a waterfall shower head right in the middle. Steve only had the one on, he was trying to take a normal shower. He would have been happy with a tiny fiberglass shower with just enough space to turn around.
She plucks a strawberry out of the tray and into her mouth seemingly unaffected by the conversation.  Steve lets out a sigh and runs his hand through his hair that was getting too long and needed to be cut.
“Pick it up,” Tony yells and his son’s brown eyes glisten with moisture as Peter finally looks up at him. He blinks and tears slide down his face but he listens and picks up the popsicle before looking up at his father confused.
“Talk to her and work it out. It’s tough. I hated the nights alone without the kids.”
“What’s wrong?”
“It was the fifties.”
Steve looks sadly down at the picture and starts to read through the folder.
“You know I’m not here to judge.”
Peter’s fingers are slipping back into his mouth rubbing against the sore spot. Tony is grabbing his wrist again. He lets it go and cards his fingers through Peter’s soft curls instead. It wasn’t a battle he was going to win.
Peter rolls his eyes. “How is she going to learn if no-one tells her?”
“No. I was awake and I couldn’t move or scream. She had dead eyes like the fish.”
“I’m having a hard time dealing with it.”
“I have a job to do.”
“Papa, what’s wrong?”
Beverly: Vajazzle my Va-jay-jay
“Don’t feel a need to put on a shirt. I’ve missed this,” Tony says as he fingers play with Steve’s nipple.
“Go throw it in the kitchen garbage and bring a paper towel to wipe up the floor.”
Peter sits heavily on the couch and opens a textbook.
Peter thinks back to how the whole thing with the painting went. Even if he didn’t remember going outside he was going to have to tell Steve that he did. His father would get less angry this way.
“I’m going to sign her out,” Steve says as he goes up to the reception desk.
Peter hears the noises from his parents room and turns up the television louder. He knew they were doing their adult thing and they would be in there a while so it was a perfect time to sneak cookies from the kitchen. He places his chocolate cookies carefully on a napkin in his lap. He munches away as he tries to not think about the previous night. It felt more like a dream to him than reality. He’s lost in his Disney movie when he hears the loud sound of a door creaking open. He jumps at the sound and his eyes are drawn towards the basement door. He puts his pile of cookies on the couch cushion next to him and walks over to the basement. He intended to shut the door and return to the living-room but something was drawing him down. One foot after the other, he takes the steps down into the basement. He flips the switch at the bottom of the stairs and looks around him.
Sam lands nearby as Tony is performing CPR following instructions from JARVIS. Sam takes command as he gets there. After years of Pararescue missions in Afghanistan and he’s starting to feel like he’s back into the thick of it. As if he’s surrounded by other pararescuemen and not in the middle of the woods trying to save his best friend’s son. The first ten minutes after you pull someone from the water are essential and it has to be done right. The longer the person isn’t breathing the lower the chance of survival.
“Pops told me something one day and it always sticks in my mind. He said that he’s never loved anyone as much as he loved Daddy. He could never open himself up to another person like that again. That it hurt too much when everything fell apart. I feel like that sometimes. Like I shouldn’t let people too close.”
Tony pulls him close and rubs the back of his head soothingly as he looks up at his husband. Steve looks back at him dejected. He knew Steve wanted to be by his side comforting Peter and it must have hurt to be pushed back like that.
“Dammit Peter,” Steve says as he reaches his hand back and pinches Peter’s leg. “When I ask you to do something—”
Peter doesn’t answer.
“Then lose the attitude. You do not go into someone’s yard like that. If you want to pet someone’s dog you have to ask. Now that I’ve met the Millers, it’s okay for your to ask to play with their dog. But you can’t just go to a stranger’s house like that.”
“What? You don’t want me to touch you?” Tony asks teasing his finger tips against Steve’s hardening penis.
“It’s nothing.”
“Why?” Tony asks.
“Thanks. I didn’t mean to yell. It’s just tough being back home.”
He looks down the hallway towards the bedroom. He doesn’t hear the shower running or Tony moving around.
“He’s being a little psycho.”
“My husband and I are staying in the house across the street. With some friends.”
“I’ll check on them and then I’m all yours. We can talk about whatever you want.”
Silence before an excited squeal. “Daddy? How…is that you?”
What had Peter left the house in? Did he have shoes? Did he have warm enough clothes on? The temperatures dropped considerably at night enough where a jacket and long pants would be required. They didn’t check his room. Steve had started packing up last night, the plan was to head home in the morning. The story from the neighbors had been unsettling and they were ready to return to the city. Steve would have left Peter’s outfit for today out on the dresser. That wouldn’t have been warm enough either. Most likely it had been shorts and a tank-top. He turns on his mic and reaches out to Steve on the comm.
*****
“She’s the one in diapers,” Peter teases pointing towards his sister.
Peter looks pensive as he lifts his head.
Tony just pulls another pair of sunglasses from his pocket and puts them on. “Are you now?”
“You need to stop,” he teases as he hugs her.
He straddles Tony and presses him against the headboard as he kisses him. First on the mouth, then the cheek before he makes his way down his neck. He pulls Tony’s shirt back and kisses collarbone and then across his shoulder.
His son’s head turns up towards him, those brown eyes red rimmed and glaring at Tony. Peter blinks and the tears spill over softening the fierce look on his face.
Steve kneels down and pulls her hand back so he can get a look at the swollen eye that was looking like it was going to bruise.
Tony wakes up to the sound of Peter’s voice. They had made it through the holiday and into the weekend. Peter had been getting restless and bored being out of school for so long. Tony was struggling with keeping him entertained. Pepper’s mother had been correct and Beverly was coming down with an ear infection. So they were stuck in the house running out of things to do.
Beverly blinks as she feels tears welling up in her eyes.
Happy attempts to talk to Peter and it doesn’t go well. It just sends him into a full tantrum. Happy comes out back to the living-room watching Steve walk back and forth with his daughter in his arms. She’s crying as much as Peter is.
“Why?”
He hoped Tony had gotten things ready. He had done nothing to prepare for it.
Peter hurls his paperback book at Tony hitting him right in the face. It falls to the ground with a thud.
“But after we talked to the teacher he ran in there to play with some other kids.”
“Why are you sorry? Bev this isn’t your fault.”
Tony pats his back but can’t find the right words to comfort him. He held him and listened to his husband’s soft crying. No tears come to Tony’s eyes and he didn’t really know why he wasn’t crying. Perhaps it was because one of them had to hold it together. If Tony could be strong for Steve it would pull them through like a compass guiding a traveler.
“Hi Beverly,” Natasha says leaning down so she’s at her level. “Why don’t you go play in Peter’s room so I can talk to Steve and Tony?”
“No Peter. He hurt me,” she says again.
“You says she looks like your mom?”
Tony retires to his bedroom and looks around the quiet room at the empty bed. It was too quiet in the room, he didn’t think he could sleep. He gets washed up and changed into pajamas before settling into bed. Surprisingly he’s able to fall asleep, less surprisingly he’s having an awful dream. Memories of Afghanistan playing out vividly through his mind. He wakes with a start, sitting up and reaching out instinctually for Steve. All he finds in the cold comforter, he grips it tightly in his hand and looks around the room starting his calming exercise.
Peter stands up quickly and looks up at Steve relieved. He glances back and sees that the woman and little boy are no longer there. The clothes were returned to the dresser as promised. It had to all be a dream. There was never any ghosts and his room was back to normal. Steve looks down displeased as he notices the wet spot on Peter’s shorts and the small puddle of pee on the rug.
“They don’t visit. We can’t leave.”
Steve grabs Peter and pulls him into a hug, leaning down and kissing the top of his head.
“He was upset this morning. He told me you took him out to the woods and it was scary.”
“You’re the one that’s into it.”
Tony hangs his head in his hands and Peter’s sharp cries break the silence. Crying like he’s in physical pain like he’s just been hit. Steve’s eyes immediately shoot to the rear-view mirror. He had to stop and find another way to deal with his anger. He was scaring his son and he never wanted his son to view him like that. He returns his eyes to the road and reaches for Tony’s hand and holds it tightly. He wanted to squeeze it so tightly that all the delicate bones snap. With his super human strength he could do it easily. Tony was his husband and he could never hurt him. He couldn’t live with himself if he had. He pulls his hand up to his mouth and kisses it. He lets his hand go and glances at him for just a second.
“Stop sucking down the milkshake and eat,” Tony says after eating a bite of his bacon cheeseburger.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter sits on the bed before he notices the clothes Steve must have laid out for him and gets dressed. He find Tony standing in front of the sink, towel wrapped around his waist. He stands next to him watching him in the mirror. “I didn’t go outside but I told Papa I did.”
“No, are you done washing your feet?”
“That’s from all that sugar you had.”
“Maybe it was Dad. He told me to sleep on the couch.”
“She is in the walk-in closet.”
“Ok fine, see you soon.”
“What if you sit in your dad’s lap while I do the swab?“
“I was going back,” the little girl says softly.
Tony is exiting the elevator as Steve finishes setting the table for coffee. He places the metal carafe of coffee down and smiles over at his husband. Tony returns the smile before speaking.
“I’m not a baby anymore!”
It’s dark by the time they get to the house. The tires rolling over the gravel driveway wakes Peter up. He hears the slamming of car doors and his uncle Ben’s voice.
“We recommend getting off the East coast entirely and laying low for a few months.”
Around seven-thirty p.m. Steve goes down to the neighbors to retrieve Peter. The walk home is quiet as Peter worries over the punishment he’ll get for lying earlier.  It was different in the tower, his parents didn’t mind if he went down to the common floor without asking. Most of the time he was there if any of the Avengers happened to be in town. If someone was eating lunch or dinner, they would always make a plate for him. Steve and Tony were both busy all the time. It was hard for him to understand why Steve was upset with him now. He’s so deep in thought that  he stops paying attention to where he’s walking. He trips on a rock and falls hard onto the road skinning his knees. He starts crying and expects Steve to turn around and come back to him. To comfort him. “Get your ass up,” Steve says as he stops walking and stares back at his son. His voice hard like when he’s commanding his team and not a tone he ever takes with Peter.
“And your wife. Or she was. I don’t know how that works if you come back from the dead.”
“I’m right here. You can ask away. Though I can’t remember shit and they aren’t helping,” Tony says moving closer to Steve.
He had been absolutely terrified the day Peter had come to live with them. He wasn’t good with children. Not knowing what to do around them. Tony feared he would break like glass if he touched him. Steve was much more natural at it and seemed to dive in head-first. Kissing skinned knees and all those some comforts that kids need. Now it felt like Peter had always been in their lives. He was such a part of it. Tony wanted to be there for him .
Peter’s synapses are firing away as he tries to wake his brain up and figure out what his father is upset about. “I—what?—I’m just trying to read.”
“I’m sorry,” he whispers as he stands next to the tub. Tony turns towards him and wraps an arm around him pulling him close before kissing his cheek tasting the salty tears. Tony squeezes him a little tighter.
“Talk then? Wanna tell me how someone you set me up with, secretly had my child and sold her out to Hydra?”
“You could have asked if I’m alright. Said more than a sentence to me.”
“Pops, I just really don’t get it.”
Tony’s mouth drops open as he enters the main living area, finding that the suds are over three feet high.
He assumed Jarvis was malfunctioning when he alerted him that the first floor was flooded. Had it not been for the fact that the first floor was filling up with bubbles. His children had decided to help with Thanksgiving dinner by removing all the vegetables and fruit from the fridge and mashing them together in various pots and pans as they try to make Papa’s stuffing. After realizing they had made a large mess and that Daddy might become mad they decided to load and run the dishwasher.
“Daddy when is the power coming back on?”
“I haven’t done that recently.”
“Pepper deserves to be happy.”
“Kindergarten. I go in the morning. I like the toys and snack time.”
“You didn’t sleep?”
“You can call me Daddy if you want. I don’t know when you’ll see your mother again. SHIELD has that information.”
“Take this out, Daddy.”
“It woke me up when you came home.”
“They all have the stomach flu. Bev’s too little to make it to the bathroom. Throwing up all over the place. Tony’s exhausted.”
“How are they doing?”
“Well I don’t want to be around either of you right now,” MJ says as she turns and goes upstairs.
Tony and Steve both glance into the rearview mirror back at their son slouched down in his seat. “A few more hours baby. Do you need a pee break?” Steve asks.
They both stand up and head upstairs leaving the glasses to be cleaned up in the morning.
“Is that a dance?”
Peter turns and climbs onto Tony’s lap, planting a kiss on his father’s cheek. “Goodnight Daddy.”
Steve freezes because he doesn’t know how to answer. The right thing would be to tell him about Pepper and Morgan.
Steve sits on the couch and motions for Peter to come over.
“Okay, then,” Steve says as he takes ingredients out of the fridge. Out of the corner of his eye he watches Tony walking around and peeking into cabinets and bookcases. Tony is being eerily quiet but Steve understood it could be overwhelming. He remembers waking up after being in the ice all too well.
“This morning. 11? If you’re free.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself for losing your temper with him. That’s all I’m saying. You could stand to be more firm with him.”
“Hey you!”
“You know I love you kid,” he says his voice sounding unsteady. So far from the confident and smooth persona he put on for the world.  Peter had no idea what to say or what his father must be feeling. If Steve was coming back, tonight, tomorrow, days from now.
“But, we,” Tony stops and he seems to be thinking. “I’ll take that sandwich.”
“Who?” Tony asks not following what Steve is talking about.
“Steve! What the hell are you doing? You can’t just take that off.”
Steve kneels down so he’s on Peter’s level.  “Peter, look at me,” he says as he grabs his chin.
“What?” Tony asks as he stops tickling his daughter and she stretches her legs out as she tries to catch her breath after all the laughing.
“Tony!  Don’t teach him things like that! And don’t be so heteronormative.”
“No in Alexandria. It’s in Virginia.”
******************************************************************
Steve steps out from under the spray and slicks his hair back. He isn’t surprised when he looks down to find Peter opening the shower door and coming inside.
“Tony! Language!” Steve scolds.
The kitchen is cleaned up and they’re sitting on the couch letting their food digest.
“Yes Baby. It was supposed to be in another month or so. Daddy and I were going to get things ready but it’s been moved up.”
“Drying,” she says pointing to her bathing suit hanging off a chair.
“I know you asked about role-play but I doubt these will fit me.”
“I told you to get up!”
Steve turns the radio down as it goes to commercial. He glances at the rear-view mirror at his two teenage children sitting in the backseat. His daughter, blonde hair pulled back into a braid, stared bored at the window at the passing cars. His son with messy brown curls was bent over and digging through his backpack.
“She’s the goddess of the forest. She often appears to those lost in the woods and brings them home. There’s been sightings of her for hundreds of years. Sometimes she appears much younger especially when she’s helping a child. We’ve classified her as fairly harmless. She is a daughter of Odin so that alone puts her on a watchlist.”
“You can ride back with us Steve. If you and Peter want to stay,” Ben offers.
Peter spares him a glance but Steve is still looking at a spot on the rug.
“Bring her by in the morning. Do the paperwork and it’s all done,” Clint says.
“Listening to me? Kid you’re doing the opposite!”
Peter screams more and slaps Tony’s face knocking his glasses off. Tony steps back and looks at Steve bewildered before he starts laughing. He retrieves his glasses and sets them in their case. “I think that’s a good sign? Awake. Alert. Angry.”
“It’s natural. Any parent would have done the same in your place. “
“No Tony. I know what you’re thinking and no.”
“I don’t know.”
“I hope not. He was really drunk when I put him to bed—” Peter’s eyes are drawn to the empty gin bottle sitting on the counter, “—I think he’s still asleep.”
He sets them up with a movie and snacks. Before returning to their room and locking the door.
“It’s half past seven—”
“Stop! Stop this dirty talk right now you two! Or you’ll be grounded for a week.”
Peter quickly puts on his other shoe and races out the door. May heads out the door to keep an eye on him. Ben walks into the kitchen to grab the cooler they had packed for lunches.
“I hate that analogy. Who would want to hurt a cat? Now I can’t get it out of my head.”
Tony kisses the top of his head inhaling the strawberry scent of his hair and wondering if Howard had ever felt this way towards him. He had plenty of memories of cuddling with his mother like this but he couldn’t think of a single instance with his father. It was something he couldn’t wrap his head around because this very moment with Peter made everything else melt away.
“It’s a fox demon. Sounds cute but they’re wicked things. We believe this thing to be closely related or an actual Kitsune. They can appear as human as they did with Peter. Usually with ill intent. They’ve been known to lead people astray and to their death. We believe it intended to kill Peter just as it had done with that family twenty years ago.”
Peter wipes his eyes and rolls over so he’s no longer facing against the wall. He thought he had heard something in his room. He sits up and notices some of his toys in the middle of the room. They were definitely not out earlier. That’s not what catches his attention though. It’s the little boy from outside, sitting there playing with his things. He sniffles and wipes his eyes. “Hello…how did you get in my room?”
********
Tony turns to look at his son, and reaches his hand back to rub his knee.
Tony makes himself another drink and then relaxes back into his seat. “Don’t make me repeat myself.”
“I love you,” Steve whispers against his chest. He feels Tony lean down and kiss the top of his head, he can imagine the smirk on his face.
“Yes. Did you talk to them? Tell them what happened in that house?”
“I was getting to it. So what’s on your mind today?”
“I don’t see any reason why not. Go get your shoes on and I’ll walk with you to the end of the driveway.”
“He’s a good kid.”
“I know,” Peter says blinking away tears.
“No. Friday, where is there a salon where I can get vajazzled? My vagina vajazzled?”
“It’s just a phase, right?” Tony asks as he taps the steering wheel. He wasn’t going to bring up, what Peter had said about Steve hurting him.
“Jerry and Marie invited us over. Do you want to play with Bailey?” Steve says trying to negotiate with him. Peter nods his head. Steve wipes at his tears again. “Then stop crying. It’s only cookies.”
“You going out?” Steve asks, referring to Peter’s nightly patrols.
She shakes her head before resting it against Tony’s chest. She keeps telling Tony what cards to play and asking loudly about the cards he has. It’s causing Tony to lose the game and other people at the table to laugh.
“Peter. You need to be quiet. You’ll wake him.”
Steve and Ben have wandered inside and are gathering around. Steve sits on the couch and pulls Peter to him. Gently pulling back the improvised ice pack and trying to get a look at the cut. It’s hard to get a good visual with the poor lighting and blood mixed with hair.
Tony pulls Peter closer and Steve leans into them more.
Steve sits at the table with them as they eat.
The phone disconnects and Tony finds himself immediately missing their voices. Pepper must have been their surrogate and she must have remained active in Morgan’s life. He was glad for that. Happy for Pepper, but right now he wanted his children home with him and Steve.
“I wasn’t—”
“But I want to!” Beverly cries hitting her tray with her hand knocking a few blueberries loose and they roll across the table onto the floor.
“I saw her. She’s in the basement.”
Ben and May were looking like they were getting scared off from having children. Standing frozen in the doorway, May still had her hand in her purse. They were looking like they had no idea what to do. To leave and let Steve deal with it? To stand in silence and wait for the child to calm down? Peter begins to cry loudly when he realizes he’s not going to get his way. He reluctantly goes to grab his shoe and just lies on the floor with it in his hand. Tony knocks on the window of the sunroom signaling to Steve that he needs to get the noise under control.
“When the doctor says so,” Tony replies.
Tony’s phone vibrates and he immediately checks the message. It’s Morgan telling him she’s going to bed for real this time and that she loves him. And he shouldn’t stay up late himself.
Her mother must have been mistaken, maybe she didn’t know Steve was married. That his husband didn’t want another child, especially not her. She could make that much out from the conversation. Gathering up her few belongings, Beverly sits down on the floor and pulls her sandals on. She struggles with the straps for a minute, it was a skill she hadn’t quite figure out yet. She stands up and flexes her foot they at least felt passable.
“I know,” Tony says realizing that something was affecting their mood. His mind was far away from ghosts or the house. He assumed it was the lack of sleep or the lack of sex. “Come to bed. Promise I won’t say anything else.”
Tony straightens up and looks around the room. Peter is glued to his side. He walks over to the closet and pulls the door open. The closet is completely empty. Nothing to even look behind.
“You brought it up.”
Peter wraps his arms around Tony’s midsection and looks up at him as Steve shuts the door.
“Steve, it’s fine. Relax,” Tony says before slipping a hand under the waistband of Steve’s pajama pants.
“I had blocked it all out. He hit me with the belt, didn’t he?”
Tony tries to suck in a breath and realizes the cause of the headache, he’s completely congested. No, this couldn’t be, he couldn’t do this, he can’t be sick. He hasn’t been sick in years he didn’t take time off. Only if he became really injured on a mission. His body hurt all over and it felt like he hadn’t slept for days. Well actually worse than that because he had done that and felt better. Would it be so bad to have a drink? He knew had been slipping lately, turning to the bottle when the stress of two children on top of everything else became too much.
“Steve, just—” Tony cuts his sentence short as he hears the sliding door open. He and Steve both turn towards the sound and watch Peter make his way outside.
He does his best to rally when everyone gets home. Peter is excited to see him and starts showing him some toy Steve had bought him. He tells his dad about the drawbridge and  about a boy he played with at the park after Tony left. How they went to a small museum after getting ice cream and an old building they took a picture in front of. How he rolled down the grassy hill with the other children. He’s going on and on and Tony tries so hard through the pain to listen. He wanted to know about Peter’s day but he was struggling to keep up. Giving up on listening he pulls his child in close and covers his face in kisses, earning squeals and giggles from him. “Daddy loves hearing about your day. I love you, you know?” Tony was trying. Trying to not be like his father Howard. Trying to let Peter know everyday how much he loved him.
“Why would you want to do that?” Steve asks trying to hide the concern in his voice.
“How long did it last?”
Tony finds the cookies Peter has left on the couch. He grabs them and crushes them in his hand before throwing them in the trash. Peter is crying and begging them not to throw them away. “You can’t get into cookies whenever you want.  You didn’t ask. They’re going in the trash. End of story.”
“I doubt that’s their checklist,” Steve says as he observes Peter’s hands moving under the blanket. He thinks he’s calmed down after the outburst. Steve goes for the straps on the mask about to loosen them when Tony starts yelling at him.
“Pete, did you do this to the painting?” Steve asks him.
Steve had attending the funeral that morning and a lunch afterwards. He spent the lunch, reminiscing sadly with the other members of the support group. It haunted Steve and he couldn’t stop thinking about if there was something more he could of have done to help. He gave his regards to the widow as he was leaving. Offering to help her anyway he can.
May smiles down at him and leans in to kiss him. She was impressed with the way they were raising her nephew. She and Ben had been much too young when the accident happened. They were seniors in college not even engaged yet. They were doing internships on top of school full time. There was no way they could take care of a child. It was hard on Ben seeing him move from foster home to foster home. It had been painful when they found out the adoption was going through. The Starks had been nothing but wonderful to them though. Peter had even done a couple over-nights at their home. She was glad they accepted the invite and were getting a whole week to spend with their nephew. He was really thriving and happy. “I love you too kid,” she says softly as she leaves the room, closing the door softly.
“Point being. He’s in a coma and she lies to everyone about being engaged to him. Why are you filling Tony’s head with this bullshit?”
“I feel the same way,” Tony says spooning the rest of the food into Peter’s mouth. “You have a treat for dessert,” Tony says as he picks up a plastic container with foil top and reads the label. “Orange Jello.” Tony tears off the top and dips in the spoon. He tries a bit of the orange jello. “Well that was interesting.” He offer Steve a small spoonful.
“No!”
“Obviously. It’s good you’re pretty.”
This author sees and appreciates all comments, but may not reply.
“I don’t like the feel of them. She said she was on birth control. Aren’t most women on it?”
“That tone. There’s my Tony.”
“Go away!”
“How old is she?”
“That’s weird. Did he tell you why he didn’t use the bathroom?”
“She seemed average. Pedestrian. Some boring white vanilla for you.”
Tony stands up as Peter hops down and reaches for his hand. Peter is fine until Tony tries to go into the bathroom with him. Peter rips his hand out of his grasps and screams, “No! I can do it myself.”
I just looked at my snapshots in Scrivener for this chapter. I've been working on it since December 1st of last year. It's been so long. We're under shelter in place where I live and I thought being home all the time would help me write. It's taken a bit but I'm finding time. I'm excited for this story and want to get it out there. But I also want it just right. And some days writing seems like a chore and I would rather write when it feels enjoyable. So I'm doing what I can to get back to writing on a regular basis.
With a sob Peter swallows the bitter medicine before hiding his face against the arm of the couch. He flinches as he feels Tony grab him under the arms and turn his body so he’s facing him.
Steve moves to kiss Tony on the lips, wanted to get the stressful thoughts out of his mind. Placing little kisses against his lips before he presses his tongue inside. Tony groans and rubs his hands up and down Steve’s biceps.  Tony breaks the kiss and pushes his husband back. “Sleep! I wanted to sleep!”
He pulls the toy out of Peter’s hands. “Give me that. Is that what you hit her with?”
This story is part of the
“Papa! I don’t have my shoes!”
“Are you asking about the television? You’ll have to ask Tony about that. I didn’t have one back then. Couldn’t afford it but we did have a radio.”
Tony raises his eyebrows looking over at Peter as he holds his phone against his chest. He looks up and down Peter’s suit before reaching out and touching the fabric.
“The team is twenty minutes out. I—I checked his room. He’s in his pajamas but his shoes are gone. Did you see something?”
“Fine we’ll do things like peasants.”
“Hmm…people think it’s haunted.”
“Baby sometimes we think we’re awake but we’re not. You were still dreaming,” Steve tries to explain
He points out towards the ocean. “I can see a boat.”
Tony taps his watch and then tells it to start a ten minute timer. He smirks over at his husband.
“Joining me?”
“Ew…not this. Real music. Please,” Peter begs.
“Hello?”
******
A few months have passed and they’re getting settled into a routine in Malibu. Tony has been going into Stark Industries daily, coming home in the afternoons to tinker in his workshop. Steve started working in the local SHIELD office. It’s small, nothing compared to headquarters back in DC.  He went in early so he could leave in time to pick up the children from school.
Steve is waiting at their usual brunch spot getting angry that Tony isn’t there yet. They met here every Sunday for years to discuss their children. They weren’t married anymore but they still needed to parent their children together. Ten minutes late now and Steve hates when people aren’t on time. It was so inconsiderate, as if the other person’s time didn’t matter. Steve pulls out his phone and sees a message from Tony.
“We don’t mind him staying for dinner. We’re actually in the middle of eating, ” Marie interjects as she gestures towards the table.
“Just admit it—”
“Daddy told me to do this. Don’t worry,” Steve assures him.
Peter sighs and does what he’s told. “So this is your husband, Steve? You didn’t tell us you’re married to the Tony Stark.”
There was nothing that could have prepared him for what he saw on the other side. Nick Fury, all in black looking intimidating as all hell and standing just behind him is the long dead Tony Stark. Very much alive and looking healthy.
The girl was smart, she knew way more of what was going on than Tony expected. She either thought her parents faked their death or no-one had told her. He didn’t want to be the one to deliver that news. He remembered the day, no the very second he was sat down and someone delivered the news about his parents fatal car accident. There was no way he could be the one to give her that news. A new problem was surfacing though. She knew Steve was her father. If they didn’t adopt her it would feel like losing another parent. This tiny little interaction was enough to make up his mind. Beverly was a child just like he was when he lost his parents. She, just like he did, needed the right people to look out for her and protect her.
Coulson nods and takes a drink from his mug.
“Stop throwing shit!”
Steve pulls the backdoor open and unbuckles Peter’s seatbelt. “Come on son wake up.”
“You don’t need it, you want it. There’s a difference,” Steve explains as he picks Beverly up and carries her to the couch. He sets her down and she clings to him wanting him to stay near. She whines as he tries to pull back so instead he sits on the couch and pulls her into his lap. Holding her close until she calms down. Peter walks into the room and stands in front of them feeling jealous that she’s getting attention while he’s not.
“Huh?”
“Best sandwiches in Cambridge.”
Peter walks up to them with pink package in his hand. He held it out to his sister and Tony grabs it from him.
“Yeah…uh…Happy let me use your stuff.”
“I thought Tony was with that woman he made CEO. Pepper Potts.”
“Fuck that,” Steve mumbles to himself. “Tell him I’m coming downstairs with Agent Coulson.”
He pauses and there’s more silence on the other end.
“Maybe an animal got inside,” May suggests.
“Um honey, where are your clothes?”
Note: If you don’t want a reply, for any reason (sometimes I feel shy when I’m reading and not up to starting a conversation, for example), feel free to sign your comment with “whisper” and I will appreciate it but not respond!
“He’s angry like our Daddy,” the little girl says.
“I’m a puppy,” Bev says before barking and rubbing her face against his leg as he comes back in the house.
“What do you think Aunt May and Uncle Ben are doing for Thanksgiving? Oh! I just thought of something! You need to put the turkey in the oven. Papa always puts it in early in the morning.”
“Wow you have beautiful hair,” Beverly says.
The couple walks off of the porch into the yard. Steve follows behind them.
Steve watches angrily in the rear-view mirror. He starts to bang his hands against the steering wheel.
Tony hurriedly carries Beverly out of the room and into another room. He kisses her forehead before setting her on the couch and having JARVIS turn on cartoons. He wipes her hair out of her eyes. “Hey, are you okay?” He asks softly.
“It was another crazy story. Tony and I got into a fight. I had to leave. I felt this intense anger come over me. I wanted to hurt them.”
Steve smirks over at Tony. “Do you have to pee or not?”
“Yeah, like all the pictures of my mom when she was younger.”
“Perhaps she prefers the company of clothes,” JARVIS quips.
“Peter is a bad boy,” Beverly adds kicking her legs and splashing water. Peter squirms out of Tony’s grasp and hides behind his back. Tony laughs as he shirt gets wet before he scolds Beverly to stop.
Tony squeezes Steve’s hand a little tighter and lets out a sigh.
“Yes, thanks,” Ben says glancing up for a second.
“You and your wife on vacation?”
“It isn’t our house Peter. We’re just staying there for the week,” Steve corrects him.
“What?”
Steve pulls Tony into a tight hug and cries against his shoulder. “Good God, Tony, what are we going to do?”
Tony jumps into the creek, the cool water soaking through his jeans as he pulls Peter from the water. Peter is slack in his arms.
Tony is remembering back to her spilling a full cup of milk at the dinner table all over herself and Peter.
I am extremely busy this month so it might be a bit before I start my next work. I have wedding planning to do. My fiancée and I are also having a new house built. In additional to that I’m in a community play. We’re also selling my fiancée’s condo.
“Are you and Dad fighting?”
“What do you wash the arc reactor with?”
Steve grabs a tissue and holds it under Peter’s nose and instructs him to try again. The kid was right and barely anything comes out. Steve sits down by him and presses his lips to his forehead.
Tony holds Peter’s wrist still so the doctor can prick his finger. He lets out a little cry and turns his head to the side as she collects his blood. By the time he turns back she is wrapping his finger in an adhesive bandage.
The room is quiet besides the fan and Peter’s crying. Tony tries to tune it out and fall back asleep. Everytime he starts to drift off, Peter starts asking for Steve.
Peter starts to cry as he tugs at Steve’s shirt balling it up in his hand.
They walk back to the kitchen. Steve grabs a couple six-cup muffin tins and sets them on the counter. Beverly is sitting at the table. Steve opens the fridge and pulls out some plastic containers full of cut fruit. He nearly trips over Peter as he goes to put them on the island.
“I went into the backyard.”
Steve gives up on going through the paperwork. Nothing found on his daughter which isn’t surprising since the place they raided was overseas. He has this nervous energy running through him. He goes downstairs to take it out on a punching bag. At the end when his hands are starting to hurt, he starts to carefully unwrap the fabric from his knuckles. Tossing them back into the gym bag. He rests his hands on the sides of the metal table and stares down at nothing in particular. His mind still wasn’t clear.
“Hit my head,” he whines.
“Take it off, please,” he begs them.
“Thanks kid,” Tony says as he runs his hand through Peter’s greasy curls.
Steve shakes his head, “fine you’re right.”
“Pete,” Tony says as he rubs his eyes before holding out his hand and motion for Peter to come over.
“Protect? Hah! You’ll let me starve. As evil as your crooked father.”
“Tony. I’m cold,” Beverly complains.
“Whatever happens between me and Tony. That doesn’t change—” he pauses and lets out a sigh, “—but this little argument is nothing. I’m home. I’ll talk to your father in the morning. Everything goes back to normal. So no worrying.”
“No, you’re not.”
“What flavor do you want Bevie?”
“Shh, I’m only teasing.”
“Tony?”
“No Daddy. I heard the door and…uh you’re home.”
“Pinkberry?”
“Orange juice.”
Steve laughs before capturing a nipple in his mouth. Tony’s breath hitches. “If you would have let me book the vacation. We’d have a big enough place we wouldn’t have to worry.”
Tony sighs as they exchange a look. Peter did not do naps. It had been a fight the first year when they tried it. He was in a better mood after his nap but it took him forever to accept that he actually needed one. “You can try.”
Peter climbs onto his lap and Tony puts his arms around him. Steve rubs his shoulder and assures him it only be uncomfortable for a couple seconds. After being convinced by his parents he lets the doctor perform the test.
“None of us can leave.” She grabs a block and throws it up in the air before catching it. “Your father is so powerful. I’ve never seen energy like that. He holds this anger and it’s so easy to feed off of. I haven’t been able to touch things for years. He doesn’t even get the headaches like the others did.”
A smile spreads across Tony’s face hearing her not use his name and he knows there’s no way he can’t tell her no.
Steve laughs and hugs her closer.
Peter curls tighter into Tony. “Stomach hurts.”
“But—”
Steve is leaning up against the wall, one knee up with his elbow resting on it, wearing boxers and a white t-shirt. He looks exhausted and like he would rather be someplace else. Tony watches him as he works on his second cup of coffee. Their children are completely occupied with opening gifts. Peter is carefully reading the names and making up piles. There’s a small one by Steve completely untouched. Peter has placed all of Tony’s gifts on the coffee table. Pepper takes the kids each year to the mall to pick something out to give to their parents and each other. It was a nice gesture and the kids liked going anywhere with Pepper.
“Dad, can we start opening gifts?” Peter asks already holding one in his hands.
This story is part of the
“He’s been asking non-stop to see you,” Nick Fury says pointing back towards Tony. “Demanding a lot of other shit too and distracting my team.”
“Let’s sit on the couch and watch Peter open his. You can join in when you’re ready.”
“I’m worried though. Peter looked at me so scared. He had fallen and I just assumed he was being sensitive about that. But the more I think about it I think he was afraid I was going to hurt him. Like I was going to spank him for falling. We don’t really know what happened in that house they pulled him out of. Maybe they hit him for things like that. What if he didn’t fall and I hurt him somehow? Because he really looked afraid of me. I can’t live with myself if that’s the case. He’s my little boy.”
“Well the answer is no. Get your things, we’re going home.”
Tony is clearing the table and Steve starts to empty the bags. Peter is happily sucking down his milkshake. Tony grabs plates and silverware. He cuts Peter’s burger in half, only placing half on his plate with some fries. “I want a whole one!”
“How big is your turkey? When did you put it in the oven?”
Peter climbs onto his lap and Steve pulls him in kissing his cheek a couple times.
“Hey! May! Ben! One of you tell Steve that Peter is inside.”
Peter looks at Tony sadly before letting Thor pick him up and carry him out of the room.
Peter slides off the bed and follows Steve out of the room. Steve sets him up on the couch with cartoons and a cup of juice. He sits heavily on the couch and puts his feet up on the coffee table. He sits there thinking about whether he should go for a run for not. That was his intention when he got up this morning. It was part of his morning routine but the very thought of going today made his heart rate increase.
“Cap? Cap, what was he wearing? Does he have his shoes?”
Harder to not think about the comforts of home while sitting across from your husband in a sparsely furnished safe house eating MREs or meals ready to eat by a drafty fire. Everyone usually slept close together near the fire for warmth. There were plenty of nights he would sneak with Tony into another room. Where he would make love to his husband. Even if it was on a threadbare blanket over a dusty floor, it was special to them. The release it brought with it, made the mission bearable. They would quietly return to the main room after cleaning up, climbing into their sleeping bags and cuddling up for warmth.
Steve kisses his cheek. “I want to hear from your sister.”
Steve is looking at Tony betrayed and hurt. Almost as if he’s seconds away from crying. Before Tony can speak, before he can apologize Steve is locking himself into the bathroom. No words are exchanged but Tony knows exactly what he’s done wrong.
Steve shakes his head and starts to head inside. “Will you watch Bev while I go change?”
“Daddy, are you sick? You look sick.”
“Daddy! Language!” Peter says shocked.
“I was answering it, Mom!”
Peter just stands there letting the warm air rush in through the sliding door. It was early September and temperatures were still soaring into the nineties. The humid muggy air mixed weirdly with the cold air from inside.
Natasha says nothing and starts to dig through a cabinet for snacks. She throws a small bag of Doritos towards Steve. He catches it and then shakes it at her. “Not going to answer?”
“We’re going to Pepper’s mother’s house for Thanksgiving. It will be fine. At your age your biggest concern should be if I remember to buy your favorite cereal or not.” Tony assures him. Peter had a tendency to worry about everything.
“Yeah, it just hurt for a second. I’m fine now. I’m not tired,” Peter says.
Tony’s mind goes to a dark place and he imagines them with bludgeoned faces and dead eyed, morbidly tucked into their beds. He was too tired and late at night the bad thoughts always got to him. Made it impossible to sleep. Made him think his husband was capable of being so heinous.
“He has a pulse, Tony?”
Tony pulls back the shower curtain slightly to peek out into the room.  Steve is pulling Peter’s shirt over his head. “Pete has to get in the shower with you. He has dirt all over him.”
“Yes, son. Of course. That’s amazing.”
“Peter hit me!” Beverly cries holding her hand to her eye.
“Take care. Bye.”
Peter turns back towards him, milkshake straw still in his mouth. He reaches out his hand and grabs Steve’s thigh. Steve returns to eating and Peter stares at something on the wall. Tony and Steve continue eating until something seems to spook Peter. He climbs up onto Steve’s lap, nearly causing him to drop his food. Steve sets his burger down and wipes his hands on his napkin.  He grabs Peter around his waist and pulls him back so he can see his face. Peter’s eyes are completely transfixed on something behind Steve, his mouth hanging open. Steve’s eyes narrow with concern before he looks over at Tony.
“Pete, I’m being serious.”
“I’m right here kid,” he teases before Peter pulls away from him and explains himself again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter smiles and blushes before hiding his face against Steve’s stomach.
Tony shuts the curtain and tells him to go ahead. Peter finishes undressing and gets into the shower. Tony moves to the side so Peter can get under the spray. He quickly pulls him out from under it remembering the cut on his head. “I don’t think you’re supposed to get it wet,” Tony says trying to gently pull off the soaked bandage. Peter cries out in pain and Tony apologizes doing his best to remove the tape without pulling hair. He throws the bandage outside the shower. It hits the tile with a plop. Peter goes to the corner of the tub to grab the soap and washcloth to rinse off the dirt. Tony resumes his shower.
“No sport. I’m going to head home to Marie. Be safe during the storm.”
Steve doesn’t know how to respond so he calls his son over instead. Peter comes running up to him, the dog right on his tail. “Oh Pete. You’re all covered in dirt,” Steve says as he tries wiping dirt from his son’s face with his hands. Peter pulls back and cries for Steve to stop. Steve changes his attention to the dog, scratching behind his ears. “Have you met the neighbors?”
Steve grabs his arm and pulls him out onto the porch the screen door slamming behind them.
“No Bev. This isn’t funny. I don’t want to hear you speaking like that.”
“Pleasantville?”
“You could’ve asked for help.”
“What, Pete?”
“We’ll stop at the grocery store before we get to the house. You can get snacks then.”
Tony smiles looking at his messy face and heads back into the kitchen to grab a dishcloth. Peter bawks as Tony rubs at his face.
“Go open your gifts and I’ll grab one for you.”
Peter starts walking back to the naughty chair. “I’ll finish my time out.”
“No, I’m pretty sure everyone was in black and white back then.”
Steve’s grip on his arm tightens so much that bruises will certainly form. He turns towards him with a look in his eyes so dark, so menacing that Peter almost feels his bladder let loose. That would be embarrassing, to pee his pants twice in a week. He gets control of it so only a small bit leaks out into his underwear. He tries to pull his arm out of Steve’s grasp. “I need to wake up Daddy.”
“I’ll have someone prepare the house in Malibu. It’s secluded.”
He walk over to the couch, sits down, and calls his children to join him. Peter is keeping close and already crawling onto his lap. Beverly stops playing and stares over at him. A worried look spreads across her face. She comes over and sits at his side.
“Ok,” Peter says weakly through his tears and hiccups as he holds out his hand to her. After the pinky swear, it’s a few short minutes for May to get everything and clean. She does her best to bandage it with gauze and tape. “Candy now? I want a sucker.”
Steve goes to the kitchen to help Tony clean up the mess. He had assumed Ben has come to his senses but the two were outside loading up the car. A few minutes later they hear the sound of the engine turning over and see the glare of headlights through the curtains in the front room. Followed by the sound of the car peeling out of the driveway and down the road. “Why did you wake him up?” Steve asks as he put the last can away and shuts the cabinet.
Tony shifts his hips trying to will Steve’s hand to move lower and touch his growing erection.  “I’ve been thinking about Aunt Hottie and that tiny sundress she wore all day.”
“With the SHIELD girl. She wouldn’t have gotten pregnant if you did that.”
“Where is this coming from?”
Tears flood Peter’s eyes as he scoots off the couch. Steve is already returning his focus to his daughter who he is worried about after reading the reports.
Tony takes his seat at the table, followed by May and Ben. “I didn’t see him come in.”
“Pining after an 80 year old woman. You know Clint told me he thought you were fucking her behind my back.”
“So the question is, why is Peter so afraid for you to take his clothes off? Is this what he meant by you hurting him?”
“I can’t see Mommy. Understand.”
Steve waits at the edge of the property for the Avengers to show. It wouldn’t take long in the Quinjet after the call to assemble. Tony was already suited up and starting to fly above the forest. Someone had to stay back in case Peter came back home. It drove him crazy to just be standing there. He wanted to be out in the woods looking for his son. Tony was better suited for it though, he could fly overhead and look for Peter.
“When did you and Peter get in? I didn’t bring my phone to the beach,” he admits sheepishly.
Steve stands up and walks to the door, peeking out as he hears shouting from the other room.
Had Peter been more awake he would had found the entire exchange to be weird. Steve had never threatened him with spankings before. He’s still half asleep and getting in trouble the other day is still fresh in his mind, so he hops out of bed quickly.
“Until when?” Peter asks, the question coming out with more bite than he’s intending.
Steve changes to the news station so he can get the weather report. He knows he could easily pull it up on his phone and know within seconds. There was something nice about timing it just right to catch the weather during the news. Peter whines as he starts the wake up cuddling tighter into Steve before straightening out his legs. Steve squeezes his arm. “You alright buddy?”
“You know something?”
They disappeared as quickly as they appeared, leaving Steve and Tony in an awkward silence. Steve is asking the world of him and Tony is finding it harder and harder to deny him.
“14 years ago I was drinking heavily and sleeping with whoever would have me. She was a pretty Shield agent. I didn’t know she was married or maybe I did.”
Steve adjusts Beverly in his hold before grabbing Peter’s arm and stopping him from throwing another toy.
Tony stands up and goes up to the door. He knocks softly.  “I’m not good at apologies. You know that. I can’t fix it like I usually do with an apology beej. Steve? That was awful. I shouldn’t have said that. Done that. Are you okay? Just tell me you’re okay…” Tony trails off and lays his forehead against the door with a soft thud.
“She’s hiding under the bed. Not a fan of storms.”
This author sees and appreciates all comments, but may not reply.
“You worry too much,” Tony says continuing to sign documents in what seems like an endless pile.
Peter looks at her uncertain and doesn’t do anything to reply. The doctor slips the stethoscope earpieces into her ears before warming the chest piece with her hands. “Sorry it may be a little cold,” She warns before pulling up his shirt and placing it against a spot on his back.
Peter grabs the door knob and tries to pull the door open. The knob won’t turn. He starts screaming and pounding on the door. As much as he screams and cries no one hears him and comes to help.
Steve is quiet as he finishes Tony’s thought in his head. Afraid you’ll spank him like you did over the painting.
He hears the sound of keys coming off the hook. FRIDAY announcing that the door is open.
“You back? We’re wrapping the meeting up. Do you have anything to add?”
“Papa!” Peter’s loud shriek interrupts him and he quickly closes everything before locking his phone.
“Cough it up baby. You’re alright.”
Her sardonic laughter fills the room. She crosses her legs and fiddles with a pen on the table. “I’m not the one to ask. Maybe wake up Clint for that.”
Steve stands up, “I can’t do this right now.”
“It’s an earthquake,” Tony says as he starts to get his bearing together. He gets off the couch kicking off the blanket before he coaxes his kids up. They start making their way to a safe spot when there’s a loud knock at the glass sliding door.
“I love you, too,” Steve says as he breaks the embrace to lead Tony to their bedroom. He hadn’t meant to say it back. He didn’t know if he meant it. If Tony really thought they were married he would be crushed if it wasn’t said back.
“Sorry and I didn’t ask the neighbor’s permission. I just went into their yard to play with the dog. And Daddy says that isn’t ok but—” he trails off and looks up at Steve expectantly. Not noticing that he’s reverting back to that thing where he doesn’t differentiate his fathers.
“I don’t know. I don’t want to go out there again. It was dark and scary. Tell Papa I don’t want to go.”
“I was just going to go home and ask.”
“And?” Steve questions.
“Why can’t you leave me alone?” Peter whines as heads towards the door.
“Don’t tell me to chill. He was literally not breathing without assistance ten minutes ago. You’re going to get his heart rate up and his breathing ragged. Great idea.”
Tony kisses Peter one more time and then leaves the car to get back in the front seat. He leans over and grabs Steve’s face and kisses him. A smirk on his face as he returns to his seat. Steve puts the car in gear and glances back at Peter.
“You hungry? I’ll make breakfast.”
It was good to have that space from Tony, it made their relationship stronger. However, being away from his son was challenging for him. Today wasn’t the first time Peter responded with tears. He’s become so upset before that he refused to hug Steve or even look at him. He’d ball his little fists up and glue himself to Tony’s side. Worming away if Steve tried to touch him. Tony would look at him with a sad understanding but they never forced Peter. Tony would try to talk with him and tell him he would regret not saying goodbye properly but Peter was always too stubborn.
“What??”
“I’m awake,” he mutters as he stumbles out of the car. His aunt and uncle come up to hug him. Tony and Steve are already heading inside to open up the house. The owner had left instructions for turning on the well pump and turning up the temperature on the hot water heater. They make quick work of getting all the bags inside and settled into their rooms. Peter’s room was definitely a kids room with two twin beds in it. The style was dated with honey wood and floral comforters.
“Really?”
“That’s nice, sweetie.”
Steve raises his eyebrows at the young couple, “you sure you can handle this?”
“I want to see the cliff,” Peter starts insisting. Tony had built this home on an impossible to build on cliff. It made for a beautiful view but it left them worried about its dangers. JARVIS kept all the doors locked so the children could never sneak out. Steve had nightmares about them falling over the cliff, their little bodies breaking over the rocks before being washed out to sea. A guardrail had been installed to help alleviate his fears. It was a thick glass that didn’t obstruct the view but prevented the children from climbing it or going over. Even still, they knew they weren’t allowed over by it without an adult.
Tony was trying to keep his hand in one place but he really wanted to feel Steve’s skin. To touch the taunt muscles under his shirt, so he slides his hand up there looking cautiously at Steve to see how he’ll react. Steve lets out a soft groan but makes no move to stop him. So he lets his hand wander up his chest to tease his nipples hard, down to his belly to run his hand through the short stomach hair at the top of his boxers.
“But it shouldn’t be like that. I should be able to handle being around my husband and kid.”
He walks into the sunroom as he waits on the coffee pot to finish brewing. Watching the sun rise over the trees. His eyes fall on the canvas again. Paintbrushes are out, black paint smeared on his board and brushed all over his painting. Completely blacking it out. Ruined. Unfixable. He grabs it tearing the canvas in half and stomping into the kitchen. Tearing open the pantry cabinet and grabbing a garbage bag. He shoves it in there and makes his way down the hall. “Peter Benjamin Stark,” he yells as he opens his son’s door. Startling the kid who is lying in bed reading a book. Not ready to head out into the main living area yet. Not quite awake just yet. He quickly sits up and looks at his father worried. Wondering what he’s done wrong. “Why do you keep doing this? Are you bored? Do you want attention?”
*****
*******
Today he was taking a virtual meeting with Clint, Natasha, and a few other agents. They were discussing a Hydra strong-hold they had been watching in Turkey for months, gathering intel. The plan was to break in within the next month. The mission would take him away for a week, two weeks tops. He worried about leaving Tony for that long with the two kids. Tony tended to get hyper focused and overwork himself. They hadn’t found a nanny in the area yet. It was another thing they would need to get done before he left. The children were playing in the living-room, he had kept the door cracked so he could hear them. Blue Planet was playing in the background, he tried to limit television to educational shows. Although the cartoons always seemed to sneak in.
Steve squeezes Beverly a little tighter.  “What about my baby girl?”
“Days. Since Coulson stopped by. I know I shouldn’t have lied about why I was going to DC. I wanted to check it out first. Not drag you into it before I was sure. But then I saw her and I knew she was my kid. I felt something. Tony I’m sorry. You have to understand.”
“Don’t say anything pitying or feel sorry for me. I don’t need that.”
“I’ll hire someone to drive my car and the motorcycle back. I’ll get on the schedule today to fly out on my private jet. We’ll return to New York.”
*****
MJ and Peter flit around the kitchen, preparing breakfast and filling thermoses with coffee. Pale morning sunlight is coming in the front windows.
“Touché.”
The creature stops as a young woman in an long white under-dress with a purple apron dress over it jumps down from a tree. She has a crown upon her head as well but it’s made of flowers. Long dark blonde hair is secured in a plait on the back of her head and Peter finds her to be beautiful. Her clothes are made of fine silk. The woman circles around them almost as if in a fighting stance but she appears to have no weapon.
Tony, Steve, and Peter will return
Steve wanted nothing more than to get home and away from the dark cloud of death. He carefully took off his suit upon returning home and hung it up in the closet. He glances over towards the window as he hears the sound of rain clattering against it. It was early Autumn, the leaves just changing, weather slightly cooler and so much rain.
That’s when Peter notices the dead eye lady in the corner. He jumps off the bed and she starts to walk towards him. Steve always left his door cracked in case he got scared. The door slams loudly as he’s just inches away from pulling it open. He looks back at the ghosts and his breath quickens. His parents would hear the door slamming and one of them would come to check on him.
“Boring adult things,” Steve says.
Peter slips and falls down into the bubbles, Tony rushes over to him. Ignoring the pain in his lower back he hoists his son up and to his chest. Peter is pressing his hand over his lip.
“Yes. If I have to listen to you whine and cry for another hour I’ll actually be liable to give you something to cry about.”
Tony sets his glass down on the table. “Let’s go then. I want to meet her.”
“Please. Please. Please let me stay,” Peter begs.
“Have many kids do you have?”
The car ride is quiet as Tony drives with Steve to the hardware store. Tony had asked May if they would mind watching Peter for a couple hours. He was planning on picking up a few things so he could put a little surveillance into the place. Peter’s stories had been wild and inconsistent. He went outside. He didn’t go outside. Steve took him outside. He didn’t know if it was Steve. He hadn’t fallen after jumping on the bed, the ghost from the closet knocked him into the bed frame. He wasn’t going to be able to build anything as sophisticated as he could if he had his workshop but he was confident it would be better than anything you could grab off the shelves.
“Are you mad at Tony?”
He has the kids ready to go out the door, he’s grabbing his keys off the hook when he hears Tony’s voice.
“You know more than I do that no-one can convince Tony of anything.”
*****
“You done crying?”
“No, I’ll see if May and Ben will take him for a couple days.”
They all head to a town nearby for the afternoon. Peter was excited for the lighthouse tour and wouldn’t stop talking about it as they walk up to it. He’s disappointed that there’s a line to wait in.
“Deep breath please, Peter.”
“Tony! I can’t find Peter,” Steve shouts as he heads back into their bedroom.
Tony continues to worry as the minutes pass but he doesn’t voice any more of his concerns to Steve. Saying it aloud seemed to make it more real and he didn’t want to accept it. He zooms in on a few heat signatures but they’re all false leads.
“Dammit Tony.”
“What?” Peter cries as he takes a step back.
“We’re not talking about Beverly’s depression.”
*****
“Are your kids alright, Cap?” Clint asks.
, which was created to improve communication between readers and authors. This author invites and appreciates feedback, including:
A few days go by and soon all three of them are sick. Tony is struggling to take care of everyone. Steve is really worried when they talk on the phone again. He talks to Pepper but she’s too busy taking over his responsibilities to offer much assistant. She assures Steve that she’s set up food delivery and checked in on him a few times.
“Poor little guy—”
“Tony, I know you want to get up to speed on things but it might be good to take a break. Not overwhelm yourself.”
“So now I don’t listen?”
Peter looks from his sister up to Steve expectantly.  “You ready to stop, Pete?”
Tony rests his head against Steve’s and takes a moment to think instead of responding with the first thought that pops into his head. All the sounds in the room are amplified. The beating of their hearts, the hum of the refrigerator, the second hand of the clock on the wall, the quiet lull of traffic from the street below.
“The house isn’t creepy,” Steve says. “Take these candles and put them on the counter.”
“I can’t do this—” he motions towards Tony with his hand, “—while I can hear him crying.”
“Sorry,” Peter says as he tries to pull Tony outside so they can see the view from the deck. Tony makes him stay inside so he can check out the lamp. He doesn’t put up a fuss because he knows Tony will actually follow through with his threat.
“Why you up so early?”
Tony has searched the whole apartment by the time Steve is making their plates. They sit at the coffee table, Steve hopes the tv will prevent too many questions.
“I know what I saw, May! How do you explain that can of peas just levitating like that?”
“We believe it was attempting to possess you and Tony but it failed. It was definitely the cause of the blackouts you described.”
“Can you call him Daddy and ask?”
“Daddy! Make the bad people go away!”
“I don’t have time to for Irish-Catholic Steve right now. I’m tired. Stop moving.”
“Is that your painting?” Peter asks pointing to the canvas across the room. Steve was about halfway through he would be adding more details to it later that evening or tomorrow if he had time then.
“Kids, I have a question for you.”
“How long have you lived here? Did you know the family that lived in our house before?” Peter asks wanting to be a part of the conversation.
“Well, pumpkin, as they started to become more aware of the outside world, the colors began to show up. It’s an interesting cinematic effect and I think it was a good choice.”
Tony presses a few soft kisses against Steve’s lips. “Will you hold me until I fall asleep?”
*****
“He’s uh well. Dated my Aunt for a bit. Weird to say it but I wish he still were. The man my Aunt married. He’s always watching me. Sets my teeth on edge. Hence the fact that I stay with Steve when May is out of town.”
“He doesn’t even know, Nat. To be that rich.”
Peter stifles a laugh from his spot in the backseat.
Steve goes to pull Peter’s shirt off and Peter struggles against him before sitting down hard against the floor. Steve grabs his arm and pulls him up roughly. “You want to stay in your piss clothes? You are way too old to be acting like this.”
Steve finds her downstairs sitting with the door man. The doorman says he stopped her because he figured she looked too young to be going outside alone. He didn’t recognize the kid so he didn’t know who to call. The doorman was a friendly person, an older black gentleman  who Steve had gotten to know over the years. He was in his fifties, born in Baltimore. He lost his wife to cancer last year. His son was grown and lived on the West coast working for some tech company.
“Yeah, I want to go there,” Peter says as Tony dresses him in shorts and a t-shirt. He doesn’t put up a fuss like he usually would if one of his parents tried to dress him. He was a big boy and didn’t need help like a baby. Peter jumps off the couch and quickly regrets it as he starts to feel dizzy. The medications were still making him feel strange. He reaches out and grabs Tony’s knee to steady himself.
“Daddy, can I go play with Bailey? I want to show Jerry and Marie my new helicopter.”
“Go away child. I don’t see Ol’ One Eye or your brothers around now. ”
“Yes and no. I went to Morgan’s last birthday party. Sometimes I see them a lot and other times months go by. Everyone’s busy. Tied up in their life.”
“Hey hey. We believe you baby. Papa is going to go check your room,” Tony says before kissing his forehead. “Right?” he asks turning to Steve.
“We  need to talk about Peter,” Tony starts the conversation not sure he’s actually ready to have it.
“What?” Peter cries out as he gets off the bed and stands up.
Peter grabs his own glass and fills it. “Is Tony working in his lab?”
“I’m not a fan of you guys showing up unannounced on my properties.”
Steve grabs Tony and shoves him into the wall, his arm pushing up Tony’s chin as he glares into his eyes. The force of his back hitting the wall breaks Tony of whatever is trying to mess with his mind. Steve’s face is so close to Tony’s that his breath from his nose is tickling his lip. Tony closes the gap and kisses him. Steve rejects him for a second before returning the kiss. His hands move to rest softly against Tony’s hips. “Tony I’m so sorry. I don’t want to fight.”
Tony was hoping he could work on the surveillance equipment while he’s back at the house but he’s barely able to get anything done with the headache. The day wears on as he lies on the couch watching reality tv on an impossibly low volume with the curtains pulled closed. The dark helps to alleviate the pain. It felt like a waste of the day but any time he tried to get up and do something the pain would increase ten-fold.
Steve’s cheeks burn red as he looks down at the dark-haired man. He hopes it’s too dark for Tony to tell. Tony kisses Steve’s abs through his t-shirt, feeling his muscles involuntarily tighten in response. He continues kissing, pulling up Steve’s shirt making his way to his sensitive hip-bone. Steve jerks away and lets out a laugh. Tony lifts his head up and laughs innocently. “I remember you being ticklish.”
“What?”
“I was talking to you and you just ignore me to play with Beverly. You never pay attention to me anymore.”
“I didn’t do it,” Peter pleads with them. Steve exchanges a look with his husband doubtful that Peter is telling the truth.
“Things are fine with Pepper?”
“But I pretended to be asleep and Daddy put money under my pillow.”
A moment later he’s waking up on the couch with a very concerned Tony next to him offering a glass of water.
Tony is staring down into his coffee like it contains the meaning of life. A sad smile is still playing across his lips. The conversation lulls for a bit, Tony too lost in his own thoughts and Steve not knowing what to say.
“Hey,” Tony says sheepishly as he comes inside.
“Will you go with Thor? He’ll put you in bed and tuck you in tight.”
“Tony? You’re crying and laughing. Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Ok,” Beverly whispers back before she plops her thumb into her mouth. Tony brushes her hair behind her ear.
She stays quiet and continues breathing steadily.
“Yes, baby?”
“We’d have to pull Peter out of school,” Steve says.
“Good. Let’s get you to bed,” Tony says as he tries to get Peter to stand up. Peter hugs him tight and doesn’t allow himself to be moved. Tony laughs at him. “Baby! You are going to bed. We’re not doing this tonight.”
“I love you,” Tony whispers.
“Do not call your sister stupid! Or that poor actor kid!”
“No!” Peter whines.
He still felt awful but it seemed to make things at least better. He gets out of bed and goes into the bathroom to splash cold water on his face. After drying off his face, he heads down to the workshop losing himself in a project to clear his head. It’s a few hours later when he starts to fall back asleep, his head lolling forward shocks him awake. He blinks and stares around his workshop before deciding he’ll try sleep again.
Peter doesn’t listen and heads straight for his parents room. He doesn’t turn on the light because he knows Tony will start yelling. Instead he straddles his chest and studies his sleeping face. He reaches out to touch his face but his arm is grabbed roughly before his hand makes contact. Tony loosens his hold and his eyes shoot open. “Pete you have a bad dream?” Tony asks as he pulls the covers back. “Get under the covers. We’ll go back to sleep.”
“Hit me again and see what happens,” Tony threatens as he straightens up and starts to lead Peter towards his room. He hurls the heavy suitcase from the floor onto the bed and opens it. Digging around from summer pajamas to put Peter into. He pulls them out and returns the suitcase to the floor. He turns towards Peter and jerks his shirt off more roughly than he’s intending.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thanks, Merry Christmas to you too.”
“You all buckled in? How about we watch your favorite movie when we get home? A big bowl of buttery popcorn. Maybe even a chocolate bar to go with it.”
Peter’s eyes shoot open and he sucks in a breath. He starts trying to push away Sam’s hands that are still doing compressions. Sam stops and looks at Tony. “He’s responsive but we have to get him to a hospital.”
“She’s being bad, she should get in trouble,” Peter complains.
“I want to sleep in here. Will you hold my hand?”
Steve turns and scans the room, “where’s Peter?”
“Finish what’s on your plate first,” Steve says as he unwraps a burger.
“There’s some major meetings going on today,” Happy says as he checks his phone. “I need to get back actually. Sorry I can’t help more.”
Steve glances towards his children as he stands up. “Pete, watch your sister. I’m going to take a phone call.”
“No. It’s the damn headache again. I was thinking of taking the car and heading back.”
“After it defines it, it gives an example.”
“Yes,” Steve says more assuredly this time.
“No! Daddy isn’t supposed to work! It’s vacation.”
Her small manicured hand touches his face and a gold light flashes before his eyes. The pain in his nose is gone. Her hand moves down his arm erasing the bruises and then to his stomach removing the pain there. Peter starts crying again, “I want to go home.”
They continue reminiscing until the conversation moves onto Pepper and Tony’s divorce along with Steve never remarrying.
They sit around eating their popsicles. Tony sits close to Peter putting an arm around him. “Did you have a good time at Thanksgiving?
“What do you want to talk about?” Peter antagonizes.
“I’m so sorry. Is that why you wanted to meet here?”
Steve scoops Peter up from the recliner and throws a glance to Tony. Peter’s eyes open and he looks around confused. Tony listens to the cries of protest as Steve tries to gently coax Peter to lie down. Steve leaves the room looking defeated and sits down heavily across from Tony at the table. Peter can be heard crying softly from his room.
“JARVIS, where are my children?”
Beverly: Grounded for a week and it’s worth the laugh. Dad would have found it funny
“Apologize now,” Tony says.
Peter lifts his head up and stares at the little ghost boy. “What do you want to play,” he asks shakily.
“The creature is gone. He can’t find us here.”
“Sorry it hit that sensitive spot under my tongue.”
Steve pulls up a calendar on his phone. It has been the furthest thing on his mind. Complete the mission. Get home, see Tony and the kids.  “It’s in two days.”
“I love you,” Steve whispers before kissing him again knowing that Tony’s hard edges weren’t as sharp as he tried to portray them to be.
“Obviously dumb-ass.”
The three of them head down the road to visit the neighbors. They all sit around the patio table eating snacks and drinking coffee and juice. Peter is playing with the dog while occasionally sneaking up to grab a snack cake. Steve is keeping an eye on him while trying to be attentive to the conversation. Jerry begins to tell them the story of the rental house.
Peter sits on the coffee table invading her space.
Little tears fill his eyes and threaten to spill over. “When can I have it back? I need it.”
“The neighbor’s have a cool dog that looks like a wolf. She’s a husky though. Her name is Bailey and she likes playing fetch. And she chased me around the yard. The neighbors are nice and say that I can come play anytime.”
“When was the last time you slept?” Tony asks.
“No baby.  If things go well it will be a couple weeks. It could be longer,” Steve explains. He tried to be as truthful as he he could with his kids. Age appropriate of course but Peter was smart and figured things out faster than they anticipated.
The boy looks up at him. “You let me in.”
Steve leads Peter out of the room. “You hungry? Want some cereal?”
“When can we go home?”
“Check his bedroom, I’ll check outside,” Steve says as he slips on shoes and heads outside.
He looks back at them watching them fidget and he’s surprised they managed to stay still that long. Soon they’re running around while Beverly pretends to be a dog. Barking and all. Steve’s phone rings and he goes outside to take the call.
“Get over here you sour puss.”
“I put a stop to it,” May says handing a bag of candy from the bulk store downtown to Steve. Peter comes running into the house.
Steve walks over to him pulling him into a hug and kissing his cheek. “Good morning buddy.”
Steve is using all his self control to hold back and not say, if you loved me you would do this. It’s a phase that never ends well. The ultimatum where you hope they’ll choose you but it’s a losing battle. The other person will walk away and leave you in pieces. He had been alone since he was eighteen he knew how to manage. How to get through life without depending on anyone else. Something hurt deep in his chest, in his throat. If he pushed Tony too far would he just leave? Take their son and leave Steve to be alone again? He couldn’t raise Beverly on his own. If he was going to do it he would need Tony at his side.
“Tony, it’s been nine years. You’d throw that out for one night?”
Steve shakes his head as he continues flipping through the pages.
Tony shakes his head and settles himself against Steve. He closes his eyes and feels Steve’s hand rest on his shoulder. He had forgotten how much he needed this comfort. The last few days with Grumpy Nick Fury as the only person to look at had been hellish. His memories still weren’t all that clear but he had missed Steve a great deal.
Steve stares down sadly at the armchair before joining his son and husband on the floor.
Peter is more composed. “What don’t you understand? It’s fairly obvious.”
Tony looks sad for a moment before he speaks. “Pep and I got into a fight. She’s taken Morgan and is staying with her mom for a bit.”
“Daddy is going to grab coffee and then we’ll get you in the bath.
Tony types a quick message back. “Why are you looking at me like I just skinned a cat?”
Steve had found a pack of cards in the gift shop and they were playing games to pass the time. It was a welcome distraction from the constant worry, even if it was only a few minutes of relief before they remember why they were here. The first twenty-four hours pass like this. The two parents trying to distract themselves from the awful reality of sitting in a Pediatric ICU wondering if their child is going to survive.
