"I'm not entirely sure," Sandra admitted and Veronique could hear the hard edge in her voice that came from trying to hold it steady. "It was yesterday. He was– he was at the Yard – Scotland Yard, I mean," she clarified, as if Veronique didn't know, "But I'm not sure what triggered it. He's um– he was with Sherlock and John and they managed to get him home. I was at work. But Sherlock thinks–"
here'll probably be a hoard of reporters here soon, all excited that Sherlock Holmes is back on the job."
Sherlock repressed a roll of his eyes and wondered if logical recollection of the events would make any difference in how Sam managed the emotional trauma. He supposed it could. He would still much prefer Sam had not recalled it at all.
He slid a photograph across the desk – really, it hadn't been hard to obtain. The subject was very visible, but in the way of a closed book. All glossy cover, hinting at contents hidden from view but never quite revealing anything.
Crossing the bridge in the other direction, John checked his phone again and was suddenly concerned that he hadn't heard from Sherlock. He had texted to say he was going to the hospital again and hadn't thought much of it when there had been no reply, but that had been a couple of hours ago. He chewed on his lip, picking up his pace, feeling a subtle guilt settle into his stomach. Maybe he shouldn't have done that – after last night, maybe he should have gone straight home to spend some time with Sherlock.
that could potentially harm you," Cheryl interrupted, the warning glare enough to keep Sherlock from attempting to speak. "Nor can Gabriel. If you can't sleep, we don't need to know. If you can't sleep without assistance, we do."
John rolled his eyes again, crossing the room to circle behind Sherlock's chair, half expecting the laptop to be shut defensively and the notepad to be hidden away. Instead, Sherlock deigned to glance at him before glaring at the screen, pen poised over paper.
He was also aware that this constituted some kind of payback and that he didn't really have any grounds for complaint.
He eased up when Sherlock slumped back down the chair, breathing hard and glassy eyed. John reached around to undo the cuffs, and there were hands in his hair immediately, combing and stroking, tugging him up for a kiss. He crawled up Sherlock's body, his own tension heightened by the sated relaxation emanating from his partner, but John caught Sherlock's hands as they went to work on his belt, shaking his head.
The doctor had gone to Baker Street for a Sunday dinner, abandoning Sherlock to an empty flat, the prospect of which seemed as deliberately aggravating as filling their home with other people (and a dog) had that morning.
“Tea,” John said once he’d finished, more of a pronouncement than a question. Sherlock nodded, fidgetting slightly, but stayed seated on the sofa when John gave him a warning look. The doctor went into the kitchen, trying not to stalk, and flipped on the faucet, taking a moment for a long, deep breath, fingers curling around the edge of the counter.
And now he was being hauled up, he realized, an arm slung over Sherlock's shoulders. For a moment, they were face to face, so close that John inhaled Sherlock's breath, startled by the pinched expression, the banked anger beneath pale grey eyes. Not at him, though, because Sherlock said nothing. No ranting, no acerbic comments about John's stupidity, no questions.
John picked it up. Sherlock arched an eyebrow, but didn't say anything. Instead, taking John's hand again, he led them into the bedroom. Pale afternoon sunlight slanted through the windows, dust motes dancing in the beams, across their bed. Not the first bed they'd had, of course, they'd worn that one out pretty quickly and Sherlock had embarrassed the hell out of the salesman on the next purchase, requiring that he sell them something that could hold up to their shagging.
Talking through his actions every step of the way, John managed to get Sam leaning forward, head between his knees. The younger man clasped his hands behind his neck, shaking again – this time from the adrenaline and the shock. Each time John had to touch him, he made sure he warned Sam and gave him several seconds to process his words before making any kind of contact. The only touch John could stand when he had flashbacks was Sherlock's – and he'd been shot, not held hostage and raped. He'd dealt with several soldiers who had been similarly abused. He had a fairly good idea of what they could and could not handle, but each person was different.
John looked up to see Sally Donovan walking toward him, her dark eyes flickering from the view of Doe's hospital room to meet his gaze.
When John lowered Sherlock onto his back, it was gently, without breaking their kiss. Hands roamed up and down his sides; he could feel the faint body heat even though his jumper. Sherlock moaned softly into his mouth, making John shudder as he stretched out across his husband. Limbs shifted to accommodate him, and John didn't miss the hardness forming in Sherlock's groin but left it – there would be so much time for that when they got there.
I know someone who knows silk has a very high tensile strength and happens to like the way it feels." He watched Sherlock's Adam's apple bob and felt his own body respond, keeping up the slight scratch of his nails on Sherlock's head, tracing absent patterns.
The effort he'd put into that paid off now – John was asleep on the sofa, a half finished can of beer resting on the coffee table next to his feet, stacked neatly on an empty plate. If the lingering smell was any indication, Mrs. Hudson had cooked for them again, and John had eaten before dozing off in front of the television.
He half wished it were cold enough for his coat and wet enough for an umbrella. The combination of blacks would make him nearly invisible in the sea of people, but the rain had the effect of diverting people's attention anyway.
"Anything?" Hassard's voice called behind him. Sherlock pushed himself backwards, sucking in a deep grateful gulp of air when he re-emerged into the main tunnel. Not so terrible a smell – not after so short a time – but the air in there was trapped, more pungent.
She unlocked the door and stepped inside to the warmth that came from having the oven on and to the additional aroma of roasted chicken and potatoes. Sam was sitting on the couch but looked round with a smile when she came in. Sandra evaluated his appearance quickly but the smile was genuinely chasing away some of the shadows in his eyes. They were still there, clinging to the edges, and the circles under his eyes hadn't really faded but he looked happy to see her.
"Nor am I," Sherlock replied. "But the message is clear nonetheless. We all fall down, Mycroft? He knows who you are. This is someone on the inside."
“Until now, you’ve listened to everything I said? Done what I’ve told you and what the neurologist told you?”
He padded into the kitchen, drawn by the aroma of coffee, and did manage to close his lips on a groan this time at the sight of defined muscles in his calves flexing as John pulled down two coffee mugs that were resting just outside of his comfortable reach. The suggestion of black briefs vanished just below the hem of one of Sherlock's shirts – if he'd had any doubt that his partner was no longer annoyed, it would have been banished immediately.
When John arrived, she agreed to help get Sherlock cleaned and stitched and left to get supplies. When she returned, Sam Mitchell was gone but Sherlock was accosting her with a small white rectangle of paper. She passed the supplies off to John and took it with a curious frown.
"It could help," John said, thinking of Sherlock's insistence on wearing his own clothing when he'd been in the hospital, even if it was just to sleep in. The first time he'd managed to get his husband dressed in proper clothing – not pyjamas – after The Crash, something had lifted in Sherlock's spirits.
"Arrest him," Sherlock said, pointing back toward the room. The two military police officers turned to look at John, who was standing in the doorway.
do you imagine I'm waiting for something better to come along?" Sherlock demanded. "I've never had to do that, John."
John scrubbed his face again, trying vainly to chase away some of the fatigue that clung to the edges of his brain.
"And you think this John in the hospital did it?" John asked. Sherlock scowled slightly; he disliked that the current victim shared a name with his husband. Objectively he understood that John was a common name but he felt protective nonetheless. John was his.
He pulled the tickets out first, putting the envelope on his knee, then realization set in and he grinned, repressing sudden laughter. John fought the urge to run downstairs and – do something, he wasn't sure what.
"Using your own weaknesses against you? You should have paid more attention in French classes, John."
, nor Hassard, nor any of the others. No one he could wheedle for information. No one who needed his assistance – no, no one who
"Don't be sorry about that," John replied. "Better you not remember that because you never knew it."
But he’d reined himself in; those kinds of cowboy tactics might be satisfying in the short term, but they’d also get him nowhere fast. Mitchell had solicitors. Holmes’ company had an army of them, probably on permanent standby, and Lestrade knew he wouldn’t get much past showing Mitchell the evidence before he was stopped by a wall of attorneys.
He settled himself in for a quiet evening without Sherlock – John was no stranger to those, but sharing them with an infant was a bit of a change. It seemed like ages since Olivia had been this tiny, although Tricia and Jamie's daughter, Heather, had just begun walking.
"No," Sherlock said in a distant voice. He paused, his eyes not leaving the phone's tiny screen. John waited, wondering if more was forthcoming. He was just about to ask when Sherlock said:
John's hand wrapped around Sherlock's waist again as warm lips pressed a lingering kiss into his neck. Sherlock smiled, letting his eyes drop closed, content and comfortable.
He moved slowly, one cautious step after another, placing each foot soundlessly, deliberately. There was an instinct to rush as well – adrenaline, an ancient defensive reaction, and not one he could heed right now.
"Or destroyed them," Sherlock agreed. "Presuming he hadn't already hidden them away and simply hadn't had the time to properly wash his hands."
He held out some vague hope that he might be able to convince Sherlock to take a proper holiday – one that was planned as such – someday. It would be nice to have something to finance that without resorting to Mycroft's credit cards. He'd also been thinking about converting the downstairs kitchen into a lab for Sherlock, one with a fume hood and all of the other proper equipment.
"Well if it'd be boring for you, I'm sure it would be for Gabe, too. He's probably got loads more interesting thieving he could be doing."
He flashed a cheeky grin and was out the door before Sherlock could respond. Sherlock snatched up his mobile, firing off a rapid text.
“Security, his own. Plenty of it.” She memorized details and descriptions as they were given to her, the briefing interrupted only as the waiter returned with tea and coffee. Security shifts had been ascertained, as had numbers on duty at any given time, and the plate numbers of any unmarked vehicles that followed at safe distances, keeping a watchful eye.
A hand reached up, fumbling, and managed to undo the cuffs. Pins and needles danced up Sherlock's arms as his circulation returned to normal, heightening the rest of the euphoria. He kissed John again, more slowly this time.
In the beginning, the silence had been almost suffocating, so numbingly different than what he was used to. Too similar to the silence he'd endured after being shot, when time had been lost of a haze of semi-consciousness, and days had shuttered past with only brief snapshots of alertness. Sherlock had suffered the same, prone to falling asleep abruptly, sometime mid-sentence, or to struggling to stay awake, the effort only wearing him out further.
“Here you are John,” Ajay said, holding out the open packet of biscuits and perching on the arm of Sherlock’s chair once again.
“When I was fourteen, my dad threw him out. Said it should be girls in my bed instead,” John let out a breath, “Said only faggots had stuffed toys anyway.”
John’s smile turned sheepish, raising a hand to scratch the back of his neck, “Well, actually, I was hoping to get an opportunity to use what I learnt on a case. As a surprise I guess.”
“Thank you,” John said, eyes on the cover. He swallowed as he noticed a pair of glowing eyes under the water’s surface near the rocks. Clearly they been added in after the picture was taken. Then again, after what happened to John last night, how could he be so sure?
“Angelo, get all these people out of here,” Sherlock growled, his eyes never leaving John’s face. His voice softened, “Come on John, breathe with me, nice and slow.”
John retreated himself, bringing his fist back up to his chin and keeping light on his toes. The deadly focus in his eyes was making Sherlock’s head spin. He wondered what being under that gaze would feel like. Probably like been pinned by a predator. Maybe if he conducted another disgusting experiment in the kitchen, he would find out. Maybe John turn that deadly gaze on him while stalking toward him, promising to punish Sherlock for wrecking the-
Just then the door downstairs slammed and Sherlock got to his feet and headed to the living room. He planned to ask John to make dinner and then work on an experiment for the rest of the afternoon.
for him, and now someone else had the audacity to get in the way. Sherlock scrubbed a hand over his eyes, and rolled onto his back. What was he supposed to do now?
The head stone remained impassive. John sighed and unwrapped the flowers from there paper. He carefully set them against the stone, and removed last week’s wilted bunch.
“So this was the plan then. A romantic dinner, then a love confession.” John said, sitting back on Sherlock’s thighs.
Before he could tell the lady he’d changed his mind, she disappeared through a door behind the counter. John considered  just turning around and leaving, but couldn’t bring himself to do such a dickish thing.
curled under the water. John was only able to get the impression of a long tail before it vanished. He blinked hard and rubbed his eyes. The current the creature was making was moving to the other side of the porch. John hustled over and peeked cautiously over the side. A pale shape was just visible under the water. As John watched a pair of milk pale hands and arms slid out of the water. Dark hair followed, and then John was looking at the same man from last night. Squinting John struggled to see the rest of the man’s body below the water. All he could make out was something long and gently iridescent.
“I-um- I heard what happened John,” Aashriya started hesitantly, cutting into his thoughts, “I’m so sorry that you were put through that.”
. It was the only word John could think of to describe Sherlock's expression – and one he certainly wasn't going to use on his blog. As it was, he had to keep his hands tucked into his jean pockets to displace the urge to run his fingers through those short, neat, dark curls. It surprised him how much Sherlock had actually needed the cut, and how much more like him he looked now.
"Well? Come in!" Sherlock said, beckoning impatiently with one hand. John stepped inside and Sherlock rolled his eyes, gesturing again. He moved next to his husband, peering into the living room where Mrs. Hudson turned from hanging decorations on the tree to give him a warm smile.
He hated the fact that he couldn't do it, make that small yet immense gesture – the inability was weakness, he knew that even if his own brother would have called it a strength.
"And when she says that, you know she means it," Sherlock added. John rolled his eyes at his partner, lips tugging into a smile.
He wondered suddenly how often Sherlock had tried to convince himself Sibyl hadn't really died – or how often he'd had to remind himself of the reality.
Gabriel glanced away, drumming his fingers on his knee. Sherlock kept his silence, letting the younger man think, until he gave a curt nod, refocusing.
to me, John. Mary knows who he is because she follows the news and she follows us. Yes, yes she does." He tightened his grip on John's wrist slightly, not enough to be threatening but enough to stop his partner from pulling away. There was no time for the finesse the situation needed, no time to spare John's feelings or indulge the doctor's anger on his sister's behalf.
It always struck him as strange and very, very opulent – this much space, this much luxury. It made him remember his tiny shared bunk at Bastion, or nights spent sleeping in a ditch for cover, cold and miserable, taking watch shifts to keep from being ambushed. Everything here felt so far from the rest of the world, especially now, when it was just the two of them. It made him sad to realize Sibyl would never come back here, and he suddenly wished he'd properly considered the suggestion to holiday in Frontignan. How many memories did Sherlock have of coming here for family holidays? Had he deleted them or saved them to some remote corner of his brain?
"Speaking to someone with a prepaid mobile. Admittedly a different number than the two he's used to contact me so far." Sherlock took another step forward and John felt his muscles tensing in response, an instinctive reaction preparing him to intervene.
Alone in the waiting room, Mary allowed herself a small smile and a moment to feel pleased with the opportunity Mitchell had unknowingly given her.
Mary spoke again, voice like the tide, coming and going, but without any definition. Another voice answered – female, cooler, more assured– he knew that voice, saw it in his own bed, in his own flat, where another voice– another body nudged it away, taking its place, superimposing memories over one another so they merged and tangled, couldn't be pulled apart.
“Thanks,” he said, and she nodded silently, busying herself with covering the body back up as John followed Sherlock out of the room.
"Wish I could say the same," the DI sighed. "Wertz," he caught a passing PC, "grab us a couple of coffees. Black and…"
"Multiple fractures in his right radius and ulna, several broken ribs, broken nose, a hairline fracture in his right tibia, lacerations to most of his exposed skin, a concussion, and possibly whiplash, although we won't know that until he wakes up. And extensive bruising, including some deep soft tissue haematomas. Very likely some loss of hearing, although it may be temporary, and again, we won't know until he wakes up. He was lucky."
The taut moment broke with an exhalation, shared breath in a space barely big enough to contain it, lips coming back together, more softly this time. John felt himself ease into the spaces left by relaxing limbs, fitting himself around Sherlock with practiced habit, as if the past two months hadn't happened, all the spaces between them forgotten and unimportant. Sherlock nuzzled his nose; John kissed him again, using it to displace any discomfort from pulling out. Fumbling hands worked at cross purposes and he chuckled, kissing Sherlock's tired smile as he pitched the flannel away, drawing them gently onto their sides.
"I know," he told her, nodding and not looking away from Sherlock. When he spoke to the detective, his voice dropped, turning into a growl. "You really think it's a good idea to just walk in here unannounced? Do you remember what happened the
Sherlock actually looked nonplussed for a moment, but Georges didn't seem to notice, still beaming like a kid at Christmas.
The bed moved one more time, and Sherlock whimpered loudly. He suddenly felt dizzy, and as the bed came to a halt, the people around him became blurs and their voices muffled.
Sherlock didn’t respond. John shifted his balance and waited. After several moments, he sighed and lowered his voice.
“Dr. Canterbury?” Sherlock asked as he reached the counter. A small man looked up; his glasses were perched on his nose and he had a beard that pointed like a goat’s. He closed a binder of papers he had been looking at and straightened up, clearly intimidated by Sherlock’s height.
He slowly stretched out a hand and rested it over the hand John had covering his face. He stilled slightly, his whimpers coming to a gasping halt. His breathing was still uneven.
“By all means.” Sherlock smirked. John smirked back and then crawled backwards. He slipped his hands behind Sherlock’s waistband and slid the pants off of him, Sherlock’s erection slipping out and nearly fully hard as it rested up against his skin. John leaned back and looked at Sherlock lying on his back, fully naked now and nearly glowing with arousal. John seemed to get lost in the sight, because Sherlock leaned up on his elbows and fidgeted his foot against John’s thigh, catching his attention. John smiled and then crawled forward, pushing Sherlock back onto his back without fully touching him. Their noses grazed each other lazily as did their lips.
“I need one, just one will do. Ugh!” Sherlock stomped his feet and looked around with a scowl on his face. He turned his head towards John and scrunched up his nose. “That or a case. Anything, John, I’m desperate.”
“It happened again. It—.” He raised his head and looked at John, his eyes widening. “The Alzheimer’s—this is what it is, isn’t it?”
It only took forty minutes for John to be checked up on and cleared from any surgery, no doubt due to Mycroft’s aid. John shifted his legs over the side of the bed and reached for the crutches. He was going to have to take antibiotics for a few weeks, but the doctors were optimistic he hadn’t developed any infection. They had issued him an undershirt and fresh pajamas, and bandaged half his thigh. He hobbled towards Sherlock at the front desk, who turned to him and kissed him.
“No, no, I’m fine,” John insisted. He was really getting tired of that word, but couldn’t think of anything else appropriate.
As he had been dragged away, John stared up at the bright sun, the pain too much to fathom in words, so all he did was scream. His awareness had started to fade from that point, and he only remembered glimpses of his fellow army doctors, and of James looking down at him as he was airlifted to the closest hospital base.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks five meters away from them. John had been hastily dressed in his clothes, and was breathing heavily, a gleam of sweet over his pale forehead, but still standing up nonetheless.
The deductions and meaning behind each one flooded Sherlock’s mind, pushing him inside closer until he stood up John’s side.
“She needs to be informed by this, they’re still legally married. Better from you than from the telly. Just do what I ask; I’ll explain everything later.”
His brother placed him on a bed as a nurse came forward and began discarding his sodden clothing. The bullet graze on his neck had stopped bleeding and was clotting. The graze on his side was long forgotten about. Thundering silence invaded his mind and he jolted back to awareness, just as the nurse was discarding his clothes.
The mirror started to shake in his hand. John barely registered Sherlock’s strong arms wrap around his waist as he slid against the wall.
“Sh…. Shaun?” John whimpered, and then the tears flowed freely, sobs wracked his body, “No. No!” he cried weakly as if broken.
Mrs. Hudson tisked, and squeezed Curt’s shoulder reassuringly, “You are more than welcome here, Curt. I am so proud of you!” She leaned into him and briefly squashed her cheek to his.
Sherlock nodded, and looked at John with a hard expression, as if wondering if John knew fully what that meant.
Sherlock’s eyes closed momentarily, and he rubbed his lips back and forth over John’s hand before nuzzling his cheek into it.
Jack sighed loudly, his voice raw as if bearing a wound, “Never worth staying mad at someone you care about.”
John stood in 221B Baker street, watching the fire grow. He stood before the hearth, trying to parse through his situation.
“Of course I do. I am going to make us tea. I brought some from Kyrgyzstan. I have been wanting to try it.”
Curt moaned as he nearly came on the spot. Breath play had been his favorite kink with Sherlock. He wanted more, much more. All of it. Now.
“Surgeon,” John answered. He did not want to stew over his reasons for being here, and was glad for the change in subject. He glanced at Jack as he said it.
“I want to apologize,” John started, standing unsure on the city sidewalk, looking surreptitiously at the Yarder he had avoided for the past several months.
Only two subjects were silently deemed off limits for the time being. When Sherlock had begun to explain exactly how he had pulled off his fake death, John had shut him down immediately. Sherlock seemed a bit put out, but resolved to tell John at a later date. He thought that given enough time to separate out the emotions, John would appreciate the genius of it. Or maybe he should just let John ask in his own time.
The woman in the pajamas was now under the awning, looking cold and resigned. Two uniformed officers stood with her.
John paused, filled his lungs with a great pull of air. His fists tightened and unfurled in his anxious need to move.
It wasn’t until I confirmed his breathing and equal pupil reactions that I noticed Sherlock standing close, removing his scarf as if overheated from the chase. I stood and faced him full on, chin slightly raised, “You could’ve easily taken this one.” I gave a tilted nod to indicate the man on the ground.
She moved away from the brick wall, to the black railing of the fire escape, and turned to look at the Great Starlight with its white-yellow brilliance.
Sherlock kept his phone in his gloved hand, resting it on the sofa cushion beside him. He stared pensively out of the darkly tinted window of the waiting room. Second floor, privately owned office. Corner office. Modest. Discreet.
Sherlock stood and stretched, joints popping. He yawned and mussed his hair with his hands. It felt good to scratch his scalp. It happened to be a sensitive spot for him. A memory of Curt’s hands fisted in his curls made him give pause.
"He killed Kelsi Murray, Laurence, and Kenton up close, quickly, without witnesses. Neat jobs – aside from all the blood, yes – but not this. He had all of you in the same place. He could have taken you all out at once, but he waited. Waited for the others to leave, waited until I'd figured it out. Then he tried to kill my brother. He murdered twenty-seven people in an attempt to kill Mycroft. A bullet would have been far more reliable, Mister McKinney. But this made you look like an intended target."
"I wouldn't want to deprive of you of your raspberries," he said, the words sounding weak to him, a white lie to smooth over a situation neither child was even aware of.
Not "what did you do?" Sherlock noted. He was vaguely surprised by the lack of immediate judgement since he'd been heaping it on himself the past week and he was certain John and Tricia were as well.
She took a few careful photos of the relevant pages of Holmes’ medical file, then returned it neatly to the stack, locking it in her desk drawer again. For a moment, she let herself wonder what John Watson had made of this information, and what he planned to do with it. He was well-trained enough as a surgeon and a GP to know something was amiss in those notes, and Mary intended to use that knowledge to her advantage.
, he thought, putting that out of his mind as well. He put all thoughts of his plans for later out of his head, which unfortunately led him to realise they hadn't bought anything for Josephine for her birthday yet. It would necessitate a trip into town. That could happen tomorrow. He wondered if he could convince Sherlock to come with him, but the detective had purchased two souvenir magnets a couple of years ago and probably thought he'd exhausted his need to go to the shops in Frontignan after that. Plus – John smiled – getting Sherlock into a toy store would probably be next to impossible. And John would then be subjected to a litany of complaints about the nature of children's toys and how ineffective they were in training young minds.
It was rare that John was so demanding in his massages, but Sherlock had learned, quickly enough, that the doctor was a genius at identifying when it was needed. The irritation of the evening – everything from Mycroft surprising him with Irene's presence to the unwanted reason behind the dinner to the argument he'd had with his partner – drained away under John's experienced hands.
Knowing that didn't change a damn thing. He wasn't going to leave Sherlock like this, unconscious and injured.
"Not that it really made much difference," she muttered without intending to, taken aback by the bitterness in her own voice. The immediate aghast apology – because if it didn't matter, that meant everything Sherlock had suffered had been pointless, and
He pursed his lips and Sherlock grinned wolfishly. John wanted suddenly to melt into the mattress, to let Sherlock do whatever he wanted for however long he wanted. Lips brushed over his; John's eyes fell closed, head tilting to seek more contact that was denied.
"Sir, I need you to open your eyes, sir. Someone get a gurney, please! Sir, open your eyes. Look at me."
He hit the wall with a grunt, abandoning the belt, fisting hands into dark hair, pulling Sherlock closer as he moved to force the detective's thigh between his own again. Sherlock groaned, pressing harder. Any rational thoughts John had left were abandoned, being pinned was the only thing that kept him up against the sharp, sudden pleasure. He gasped, tilting his head back into the unyielding surface, fingers digging into the back of Sherlock's neck when the detective dipped his head, sucking and nipping on John's neck. A whimper slipped past his lips as he thrust, almost painfully hard.
Three days with John's fate a complete unknown to him. An ache in an old injury that turned into a radiolucent line on an x-ray. Surprise from John at his reaction, because John
The neurologist didn't seem overly concerned, which should have been a relief but only annoyed John. For anyone else, the fragmented recollections and the memory loss might have been normal, but Sherlock wasn't just anyone else.
"They might not have found anything, but I did," he said. Doe stared at him, good eye widening somewhat.
"A set of twins that needed to come by C-section – the mum was pretty upset about that and I don't blame her. We were on stand-by for a couple other potential problem cases, too, but they were okay in the end. Nothing traumatic."
She had betrayed John's sister and now someone had hurt her brother. There was a beautiful irony in there, one Sherlock might have appreciated if the abduction had had anything to do with balancing that debt.
"'Ello!" he heard, a male voice floating down from above, not Sherlock but with a familiar quality John couldn't place. He gave up trying, pushing himself onward. "'ere! We're up 'ere!"
He was alone, standing in the middle of a windswept street in Bastion, the blazing summer sun beating down on him. The wind wept as it brushed past him, but John felt nothing.
Sherlock ignored him, turning back to the computer, fingers flying over the keyboard, a look of distaste flickering over his features as he was thwarted by password controls.
Donovan sighed. She wondered who might be missing their John Doe, who might be looking for him. Were they waiting as well, waiting on news, waiting for him to come home, waiting to see him again?
Surely an injured shoulder wouldn't prevent John from poking around a building that was equipped with lifts.
"To be insufferable," Sherlock replied, focused on whatever unfortunate specimen was smeared across the glass plate beneath the lenses.
"I will," John promised – he meant it, but in part just to satisfy the detective. Sherlock was beginning to have that look about him that indicated he'd be serious about enforcing rest. Usually when John was directed to spend time in bed it was for very different reasons, but Sherlock wasn't above getting him back for all the rest John had imposed on him when he'd had his own concussions two years ago.
He wasn't particularly surprised to find Cheryl waiting for him, although had hoped to forego any confrontation – not matter how indirect – until he'd arrived at the office.
"Given your initial assessment of the bullet wound to his leg, my immediate deductions were: police officer, criminal, military, or paramilitary."
They'd fallen asleep facing one another but not really touching other than clasping hands between them. But at some point in the night, Sherlock had rolled onto his back and John had snuggled up against him. It was a pleasant sensation. Sherlock raised his right hand and combed his fingers into John's hair, studying his husband's face in the near darkness. At the contact, John shifted somewhat, tilting his head back slightly, murmuring some incoherent word.
Sherlock leaned against the closed door to his office, head tipped back, eyes screwed shut as he breathed slowly, waiting for the sensation to wane.
Hudson, asleep at his feet, raising her head to look at him owlishly. Sherlock crouched down to scratch her ears, earning an errant lick on his palm. She wagged her tail once or twice, then settled down again, watching him briefly before dropping back to sleep.
Veronique folded her arms over her stomach and regarded him studiously for a moment, as if studying a mildly interesting painting, then launched into a clipped and angry tirade in French.
"Sorry," John said, swallowing the wave of guilt at hitting a woman, and grabbed the rope, tying her quickly back to the post. She struggled, protesting through the gag and trying to kick him, but John steeled himself and pinned her legs long enough to let him finish.
He was in the kitchen one morning, his body having taken him there out of habit, and then habit evaporated, leaving him standing at the counter, staring at the cupboards, utterly at a loss. The kettle had boiled, but Sherlock didn’t remember the next steps, completely stymied by a simple task he couldn’t recall.
If Sherlock had been able, he'd probably have protested John's readiness to tell Lestrade everything – he would want the triumph of explaining it all, the recognition of his brilliance, the praise for his work.
The brush of fingertips on his lower back made John pause and glance back, but Sherlock was looking up towards a set of windows that wouldn't have been remarkable aside from the fact that they opened into the Lassalle's flat.
police officer who was murdered. We don't know why – you're going to say it's because he was discovered but we have no evidence of that. We don't know who did it, we don't know why they did it. And because we don't know, we couldn't risk exposing his identity to anyone. If no one knew who he was, if Patrick Connolly was murdered for some reason other than really being Finn Healy and if we had gone public with that information, everything he'd worked for would have been lost. Do you imagine he was the only undercover officer we had in an IRA group? Not a chance. Anything, any
Hands in his pockets, he stared at one of them before exhaling a sigh in the frozen air. It was too damn cold to be standing around outside. Too damn close to Christmas to be watching the forensics experts and the coroner carefully disinter the body of a man some luckless construction work had stumbled upon just over an hour previous. Lestrade had questioned the man himself and had dismissed him almost immediately as a suspect. No one feigned distress at seeing a corpse that well. Still, his officers would have to follow up on it.
"Mm-hmm," she agreed. "But Jo is closer to you and Sherlock. If anything were ever to happen to both me and Henry – god forbid – can you imagine how she'd feel losing not just her parents, but her favourite uncles and being moved out of London? She'd be losing everything she knows if that happened. At least you and Sherlock would be giving her some stability if we both died."
Sherlock took a step toward the head of the bed, his tall frame looming in the darkness. John kept a sharp eye on him.
"You've only seen me unclothed once this whole time," Sherlock muttered unhappily. He frowned at the sudden light of mirth in John's eyes at this.
"I was wondering when you'd get here. Dad thought you'd be waiting when he woke up, ready to ask all sorts of questions."
He ended up joining them, more to get Sherlock out of the house with Hudson – in the few weeks they'd had her, Sherlock had proven himself very responsible with her, but was always more willing to take her out if John tagged along.
John smiled, turning his face toward his partner’s, feeling the breath on his lips and nose now. Moving ever so slightly let him rest their foreheads together, an errant curl prickling slightly. Sherlock sighed again, and John kept himself still but relaxed, conscious that any more movement might disturb his partner enough that Sherlock would roll away, bundling himself under the duvet as a defense against being bothered.
"Oh, your hands then?" John asked. Sherlock shot him a dark scowl and slithered down all the way onto his back, pressing his feet against the arm of the couch, wiggling his toes. John ignored him, stowing the ball in his jacket pocket to return to his niece later.
"No, you weren't. You were trying to help an assault victim, John. Stop for a moment and listen. No, don't just stare at me waiting for the next opportunity to say something, really listen to me, John. The man you're helping is not a terrorist."
was where the connection lay. A mystery author whose own life had been – until recently – a relatively placid read, ignorant of characters behind the scenes of his own biology.
Obvious. Sherlock turned away, half tuning out the negative answer. Surprise had driven the question more than actual curiosity. He took the moment to text Molly and have her delay any post-mortem examinations. Lestrade would have told her to do the same, but it bore repeating.
John traced his fingertips up and down Sherlock's forearm, enjoying the faint shudder beneath his touch, keeping his movements lazy, as if he had nothing else in mind. He tugged lightly on the cuffs, watching the tendons jut briefly on Sherlock's neck, then trailed up along his spine. Sherlock titled his head back into the contact, and John smiled, tracing an ear with his thumb before pressing more firmly into the base of Sherlock's skull.
The doctor nodded, giving Molly an apologetic glance. It was hardly abnormal for Sherlock to be so abrupt, but John felt a bit guilty all the same.
He fixed that image in his mind, a stubborn frame of reference, and motioned to Sherlock to crouch down. The detective did so without hesitation, but John could feel the questions and concern directed his way; he ignored them, taking shelter behind a low stack of bricks.
"That book is due to be published next month," Mycroft replied. "You took those photographs in March."
Reaching for the lube in the nightstand drawer made them both moan as John's erection brushed against Sherlock's back, and the doctor nearly lost his grip on the small tube when Sherlock wiggled his hips. A couple deep, harsh breaths got him under control, and John sat back on his heels, aching cock twitching at the sound of the cap snapping open.
"Maybe, although potentially difficult for a cabbie to take that much time between fares that consistently."
Sherlock probably could, and John actually hoped he did. Not just because it was what Sherlock did, reading people so effortlessly, but because it would give the detective more insight into someone he still didn't readily remember.
a lot of photographs of John with children. Mary could trace the lives of both his niece and the daughter of his army friends. There were more pictures of him with Olivia Holmes – it might be that she was a year or so older than the other child, but Mary made mental note of it anyway. There was a new picture – a mere hour old – of him with Irene Adler's son.
"I don't know," Sherlock said, eyes dropping away again. He was silent for a moment, and John pursed his lips against his immediate questions, waiting. Sherlock was still, breathing almost imperceptible, eyelashes barely flickering.
John cleaned up after they'd eaten, shooing Sherlock away when he attempted to help. Sherlock wasn't sure if he should feel relieved or guilty, so settled on the more appealing of the two options; he hated doing the washing up and John knew it. It was a welcome feeling, not being pressured into doing it as some sort of penance.
he thought, an unfelt scowl crossing his face. This was only one case – and it was nothing compared to the nine months in which he'd thought Sherlock was dead, nor the time between returning home from Afghanistan and meeting the detective.
"And of course these sorts of widespread delays could be orchestrated, but I fail to see to what purposes unless sociological research has just received significant increases in funding– and the results would be interesting, perhaps if we really could manage to
Even without his name slipping out into the night, John would have pieced it together. A Semtex vest in a pool at midnight. A sniper's bullet marked for him. A missing body in a forlorn Welsh night.
"Would you believe that it would be better for you simply not to know?" Sherlock asked, not quite managing to meet John's eyes as he took a final drag on his cigarette. John kept quiet as his partner cast about for somewhere to extinguish it, and made no comment when Sherlock ground the butt into a coaster.
Some of them doubtlessly knew each other – Sherlock occasionally made certain that they did – but if they spoke of him, it was only in generalities, and never without his knowledge. They knew better, even when they knew each other.
He sucked insistently on his pacifier, tightening his grip on her finger briefly before letting go, his hands playing in the air. Irene smoothed a hand over his downy hair then picked him up, earning a delighted sound.
Downstairs, Saraswati waved her over and Sandra sat down with her for the precious few minutes of her break.
"Do you want tea?" he asked, running through a mental checklist of things he needed to do to be a normal host. "Sandra made a fresh batch of scones this morning."
He sighed again, his attention drifting away. A frown and a wince creased his features and he stiffened before visibly forcing himself to relax.
glad to hear it will be fine 'soon enough' because it's not at all been plaguing you since we– got back.
"Jesus, Sam, I don't want you to be sorry," she said quickly, shaking her head. "This isn't your fault. Please tell me you remember that."
Ms. Maberley’s brother, the late Brian Maberley, had been working in a private industry foreign posting in Rome for several years. According to the client, he died two weeks prior to her visiting us, and I immediately suspected the death and the visit were linked, if only indirectly.
John swallowed, kissing Sherlock hard, letting it soften when Sherlock’s mouth led him away from the sudden intensity. Foreheads rested together when they broke apart slowly, lips still so close they were almost touching, sharing hot breath as they moved against each other, the sight of Sherlock’s lower lip caught by white teeth tightening the pressure building in his groin.
"And he's been very conscientious about my arm the whole time," John replied. "You'd be amazed at what I'm not allowed to do right now."
John thought he detected Mycroft's involvement but he couldn't figure out why his brother-in-law would bother. He asked Sherlock about it one night, late, when they were curled in bed together, Sherlock still mindful of John's healing ribs.
"Your attempts to manipulate me into what you consider a regular exercise regime will not work, Doctor," Sherlock said, reaching up to pinch John's stomach lightly. John gave a small yelp followed by a moan when Sherlock raised his hand higher and pinched his nipple. He felt Sherlock's tongue dart out to taste the skin along his jaw.
himself, could do whatever he wanted, so he took his keys and his phone (there was a note next to the door about that, even though he wasn’t allowed out unattended) and left, heading for Regent’s Park, intent on being back before John returned.
“Nothing I couldn’t callously cancel,” Mary replied. John hesitated, and she smiled again, giving her head a shake. “Telly and a takeaway, John. Why?”
"I don't need your protection," Sherlock snapped, and John hated the imbalance there, the way it reverted two adult men back to childhood, when the seven-year age gap meant something, when Sherlock – probably as intractable as a child as he was now – needed that kind of supervision.
Nine months playing dead, moving like a ghost through the world, had sharpened more than just his physical ability to go undetected.
"Suit yourself," he muttered, pulling out a container of casserole and dumping it onto a plate. He thought the smell might entice Sherlock – or make him try to steal John's food – but the detective ignored it. Instead, he turned on the television, flipping through the channels and muttering under his breath about the lack of crap telly at this hour. He finally settled on a German program so he could complain to John about the inaccuracies in the subtitle translations. John rolled his eyes but listened, resisting the urge to flick a bit of pasta at his husband.
Irene circled the names with the fewest notes, then rewrote the list again, drawing their connections to herself, to Sherlock, to Mycroft, to Gabriel, and to Charles, and noting where the relationships overlapped. Most of these were professional – while Irene did have friends outside of her professional circle, they tended to be actors she’d known in her performing days who had no real connections to Sherlock or any of his people.
There had been too many days like this before, too many times when the memories had sprung up unexpectedly and blind-sided him. Too many times when his slow climb out of the darkness had been halted or set back. But she'd thought those days were over.
,” Sherlock spat, still-short curls bouncing as he shook his head once, vehemently. “Why? What’s the
There was, in fact, a rapid conversation in French that John strongly suspected went beyond simply announcing who they were and being told to send them up. The guard's puzzled expression and eyes flickering their way backed that up, as did the irritated crease between Sherlock's eyes as the call continued.
He sucked in a sharp breath, feeling the silence of the flat pressing in on him, suddenly aware that he was alone, aware of the guards Mycroft must have posted. Acutely aware that the killer and his employer had been leading them every step of the way and that they both knew about the committee.
"And you hurt me," Sherlock snapped, his eyes flashing back to meet John's. "You insist that I need to talk to you but you left me nonetheless."
It hardly helped his strength now to see John pull on the fresh pair of jeans without bothering with underwear.
But it had been John who had pushed him back out into the world, who had made him take the case, who kept him focussed when nothing else would.
used it anymore, not here, only now someone was, and the melody was different, familiar, from a long time ago, comforting and warm, impossible – but no, it made sense, because it was the Woman and she
John felt a flash of irritation and perverse amusement. Apparently it was full disclosure time to the point where Sherlock had to tell John who'd suggested this to him. He was annoyed that Sherlock had been talking to Sam about it, but realized that was not at all fair. He had Tricia to talk to and he had been talking to her a lot. It was unreasonable to expect that Sherlock couldn't get help from a friend of his.
Sherlock sighed – had the entire world banded together and decided it was a day in which to argue with him?
He breathed out unsteadily, reaching for her other hand and curling his fingers around it. She pressed a palm against his cheek and his eyes fluttered closed, focusing on the sensation, but the images jumped back again. Sam opened his eyes again and managed to meet his wife's gaze instead, holding onto it, because it was real, it was right now, everything else was gone. Only memories.
"Yeah?" John asked. Sherlock twisted his wrist slightly in John's loose grip, wrapping his own fingers around John's arm, feeling the steady beat of a pulse against his skin. He nodded once, the action more certain than he was, and let his mind skirt around the contours of memories that weren't nearly old enough for his liking.
Sam pushed himself to his feet without thinking and crossed the flat as she stepped inside and opened her arms, catching him in a tight hug. A rush of relief swept through him. Sandra must have called her, and astonishment replaced the relief momentarily – how did she know him so well that she knew precisely whom he needed to see right now?
Her destination was a slightly brighter neighbourhood, further from the city's ancient center, with broader, tree-lined streets and a quiet, sleepy atmosphere. There were few people about, a woman walking a dog whose cursory glance held no interest whatsoever, and another woman, somewhat older, working in her garden, who didn't turn her attention away from her work.
Whom, by the looks of it, he was meeting that afternoon. It would be tedious, but Sherlock suspected the wife would be in attendance, which made things so much easier. She was far more practical than the husband she'd been saddled with and, unless Sherlock was very much missing the mark (which he never did), she wouldn't be put out by the loss of her husband's companionship.
"Yes, but they also use SIG 226s. Had he arranged for us to have that type of handgun, it wouldn't point us in the right direction. It's a hint, a signal. Oh, brilliant, absolutely brilliant! This whole time, he's been telling us where he's from."
A soft knock on the door admitted Sherlock's neurologist, followed by Amanda Hassard. The doctor gave John a questioning look and he waved a hand vaguely, shaking his head.
"Yes, I clearly meant that as a comment on your character," Sherlock replied with a quirk of his lips.
The detective insisted they walk back to Baker Street, a demand John knew had been made for no reason other than to drive him mad. No, he reconsidered, there was another reason – it was a beautiful day, which meant there were a lot of people about, which meant Sherlock was drawing a lot of looks. John was used to his partner getting attention – having an international reputation was a big part of it, but he knew that much of it was simply appreciative.
Sherlock stepped up to him until he was standing half a pace away and looked down, uncertainty scrawled all over his features. He searched John's face then raised a hand, hesitating before carefully touching John's cheek. When the doctor didn't pull away, he ran his thumb lightly over John's lips then dropped his hand, bent down, and kissed him softly.
Lucy shook her head again. “He was respected at his work, many came around and helped out when we found out.”
The blanket was shoved aside; John laid on his right side, facing the door. The pillows he had been lying against were forgotten about. He was clutching at the sheets and his eyes were tightly closed. His mouth was parted and his breathing was ragged. Sherlock stepped in closer to the bed and knelt down. He ran his hand over John’s forehead, and then flinched from the warmth. He quickly left the room, and then returned with a damp cloth and started to gently pat John’s forehead.
A low sound suddenly echoed from upstairs. John walked to the doorway between the kitchen and the hallway, and listened closely. Several seconds ticked by when he heard movement.
John’s eyes prickled with hurt and he blinked rapidly to clear them away. He shouldn’t feel disappointed in Sherlock’s reaction; he had gotten the prosthetic for himself anyway. Hadn’t he? Now John wasn’t entirely sure. Sherlock wanted him to go on cases again, so why was he being shut out?
John trembled slightly and his foot ached. He was balancing for both of them, since Sherlock was lower than he was and barely holding him completely upright. Since the moment was heartfelt, he didn’t want to ruin it. So John reached for the nozzle and turned it to warm up the water.
By midnight, Sherlock was finally starting to feel exhausted. He entered their room and started to lie down next to John, when he caught sight of his partner. John’s eyes were tightly closed, and sweat was dripping down his forehead. Sherlock stood up and hovered over him. He felt his forehead and flinched. The man was burning up.
By the time he woke up from his doze, it was dark outside, and the sound of dishes echoed from the kitchen.
Sherlock arrived back at the investigation building. He walked straight to his conference room, ignoring Mary’s comment.
John’s vision swayed as they finally pulled him away enough to tend to Sherlock themselves. John watched in horrifying slow motion as a nurse placed a tube down Sherlock’s throat, then ushered John out of the room before he could fully catch his breath.
John thrashed in the bed, suddenly aware of someone’s hand touching his forehead. He squirmed weakly underneath their touch and tried to move away, but the hand wouldn’t leave, and then person—
John raised his eyebrows, and Sherlock held himself still, prohibiting himself to move forward. He was suddenly at a lost of his ability to move away though. John stretched his neck and pressed his lips onto Sherlock’s. It was only a touch—barely would be categorized as a kiss—and yet it sent a shiver down Sherlock’s spine. Just as quick as it started, it ended with John lowering himself back flat onto his feet. He kept his eyes on Sherlock, and grinned softly. The shiver down Sherlock’s spine came to a halt and left a fluttering feeling in his abdomen.
Sherlock walked closer. “Let him rest,” he offered quietly. The two women seemed to have thought for a moment, but then they nodded, and gently helped John back into bed. He lied against the pillow and closed his eyes, his body shivering from the cold and pain.
John sounded out the words he had been practicing for the past couple of days. “Ooh—who…shaved m-e? Be-fore?”
John was hunched over on the bed, the blanket bunched up at his waist over his legs. He was clutching his bandaged shoulder with his right hand, nearly clawing at it and trying to press against the wound. His eyes were squeezed shut and he was taking in short breaths through his nose.
“Hang on.” Mary stopped in the doorway and pulled out her phone. “If I can get a Wifi signal, I can look up the security footage without having to go back to headquarters.”
Sherlock blinked up at him, startled. How on earth was he supposed to do that? The wheels of his chair wouldn’t move against the sand, and it’d just be pointless to even try.
“Yes,” he breathed. John’s smiled widened and he kissed Sherlock deeply. Sherlock wrapped his hand around the back of John’s neck, and pulled him in closer.
“You’re always looking down at me, either about to do it or, you have already done it,” John replied slowly. Sherlock tensed beside him, and almost made an attempt to stand, but John squeezed his hand again and rubbed his back with a couple of soothing motions. Sherlock shifted his head and rested his forehead in the crook of John’s neck. He inhaled deeply and then exhaled, idly rubbing his thumb over the temporary brace on John’s wrist.
John’s smile faltered slightly, but he wasn’t facing Sherlock. He inhaled gently, willing himself to cheer up. He softened his expression, cleared his throat, and sat on the edge of the bed, directing his gaze to Sherlock.
John looked at him and tried to meet his eyes but Sherlock still wouldn’t let him. “They’re not about you—.”
That was the worst of it. John was stuck in his mind and did not know it. This was the thirtieth hour since the accident, since John had hit the bottom of the lake when he was knocked off the side of the boat. There had been bleeding on his brain, but nothing catastrophic, at least according to the CAT scan and the MRI.
In a quiet span of mere seconds, with their gazes latched together, they came to a strange understanding.
Curt’s smiles came easily to him these days, and he smiled now at John’s probing, “No, she’s a friend.”
Mrs. Hudson was at the top of the stairs. He rushed to the hall, catching her just as she headed into the parlor.
“Yeah. Figured some things out… got some help,” Curt slipped his fingers into the recesses of his back pockets. He looked much older than Sherlock remembered him being. Of course, he did, time had passed. Years.
The rest of the afternoon passed in companionable conversation and many, many cups of tea. Some leaves had traveled a long way, indeed. Sherlock spoke freely, and John did, too. They talked about all of the countries Sherlock had run through, flown through, driven through and a few places not even on a map.
Dr. Lennon looked up from the microscope. She was rarely disturbed in the lab. Something important must have come through. Perhaps a response to her grant request!
Curt’s calloused fingers wrapped around the detective's spit-slicked length, and gave a single, twisting stroke before tucking Sherlock back into his black trousers.
"AND... And you know what?! Mrs. Hudson... is gone... TO HER SISTER'S!" John kicked the door of the gift shop repeatedly. A light came on upstairs.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow, but did not remark on John’s odd behavior, “Your landlady informed me of your departure.”
“What is it?” came a masculine voice to his left, a body shifting under the covers, and a tired face peeking out from under a pillow.
I got the feeling he was trying not to get too exasperated at my remark, as if suppressing a roll of his eyes, “Please, John, this is new to me as well, but I would really like to…” - he gesticulated with a characteristic rolling wave of his hand as he searched for the words - “…get on with it.”
Mycroft continued to speak as if John had not spoken, “But perhaps a position as a field surgeon would be considered, as a gesture of good will. And before you refuse outright, the position was not made for you. The position has recently been vacated, and there is most definitely a need to fill it.”
She tutted again, and sighed, “Isn’t it ghastly!? I’m surprised it hasn’t given me nightmares. He put it up a few days ago. But he’s been in such a slump that when he snapped out of it, I was just happy to see him moving about again! I didn’t have the heart to question it.”
He could be Ice Man in the real world, but here, under Greg’s attentions and in Greg’s arms, Mycroft could finally just… be human.
“I know!” John tossed his hands up at the admission, “Damnit.” He ran his hands through his hair as if trying to physically gather his thoughts. He quieted, “Damnit, Sherlock. I know. It’s none of my business. You just… You deserve better.”
“As you wish,” Mycroft stated, as if coming back to life, giving a nod to the guards. They left, shutting the door behind them. John was pretty sure they remained outside.
It was time to go, and at that thought, she felt her bones condense, her guts shiver, and her mind expand. She was ready to Step to somewhere new. Once she did, she could never Return. The act of Returning was a myth, perpetrated by a deeply disturbed sect of her people. Hoija knew better. Intersections were infinite and unnavigable. That was just the way it was.
I was openly ogling him now, deciding finally to let my desire show in my eyes. He probably had seen it already, but never so openly. Truth be told, I never felt it so wholly until this moment, so close. It was nearly overwhelming, if not for the predatory impulse that began to build within my gut.
John was silent a moment while the new information registered. After a short stretch of silence, he spoke, “That’s why you haven’t been cashing my checks.”
“Get out. Get him out. Where is he?” John barged into the flat, hands at his hips like a gunslinger in a bad western. He didn’t look like a gunslinger, though. He looked like a drowned, frustrated hedgehog. It was endearing, and oddly sexy.
Outside the room, there was a rapid succession of thumps, feet descending the stairs, and a door slamming shut in the distance.
John’s mind’s eye was unhelpfully superimposing his memories of the dance over the watchful visage of his flatmate who stood some feet away from him. John was seeing a vast, writhing expanse of exposed alabaster skin, a long, sensuous fluidity and power just under the modest clothes Sherlock now wore.
The flinted steel in Mycroft’s eyes seemed to succumb to something very close to emotion. Regret, perhaps?
“Your… friend,” and Curt’s gift with his voice came to the fore, velvet and rough at once, “He seems pretty protective of you. You’re lucky to have friends like that.”
Sherlock moved his hand from Curt’s mouth to bracket the shorter man’s neck, palpating the bounding pulse in his jugular, the hard swallow of the throat. He traced his thumb along the unshaven jawline as he used his gaze to search Curt’s sparkling blue eyes for answers.
A few, quiet heartbeats passed with nothing but static to tell John that his best friend was still on the line. Sherlock must be far away for such interference to occur during their call. It sounded like a satellite phone, the ones John had used in his army days.
And that was it. Normalcy returned like a tide let loose upon a shore, dissolving all evidence of change upon its sandy face. Sherlock, strangely enough, seemed to hide a laugh of disbelief behind a throat clearing of his own. He answered after a small hesitation, as if something occurred to him, “This morning. Why didn’t you go in to see the luthier?”
John paced, listening to the intense silence between them as if a terribly depressing poem were being recited.
John closed his eyes under that gaze, letting out a soft sigh. He began registering the feel of Sherlock’s hand grasping his own. He peeked between lashes, eyelids heavy, gaze falling to their intertwined fingers. He stared.
In retrospect, my kisses were methodical, almost as if a part of me had planned these ministrations in great detail. These were relatively chaste kisses, and I breathed him in. My fingers filed through his hair, holding him to me. Still, he had not pulled away.
Anderson’s nervous, reedy voice was already grating on John’s raw nerves. The Yarder was fully dressed, standing now in front of the sofa. A long, black trench coat was laid over the arm of the sofa.
“Wait… that’s impossible,” John started, blinking rapidly, shaking his head, “That would mean she was able to get down here, to ground level, in the amount of time it took the shooter to fire a few shots.”
Did his John, here in Reality, want him that way? What he would give to see the expression Curt had described.
“Please, John. You can do better than that,” Sherlock’s scoffing tone needled the last vestiges of John’s patience. Sherlock plucked annoyingly at the stringed instrument, a repeated note that grated John’s nerves.
He stepped in front of Sherlock, keeping their hands locked together. Anyone watching would not have noticed the hand-holding, so close were they.
No evidence. No set time except it would be tonight, the next twelve hours. He looked outside the windows of the Baker Street flat. The sun had disappeared behind the London skyline, leaving a powder blue and tangerine glow. John’s viscera shivered with a horrible, life-shattering wonder.
His mind palace was rapidly clearing and he was attempting to right the wreckage. The damage was not permanent, of course, but tedious. Unkempt, though, the sexual Need stalked the halls and rooms wherever he went, predatory.
I merely stepped into the stranger’s path, my feet planted, body low, shoulder first. His momentum barely shifted me, and my interference cost him his balance and breath. He landed flat on his back with a smack to the back of his head via London concrete. He was knocked out.
I went to blow the steam from my coffee, and turned to face the interior of the deli. Sherlock’s gaze moved from the street to me, his nose still pink from the cold, his hair a touch wild from the chase. He had left the scarf untied around his neck. I dare not look there. His long neck! I wanted to lick it. The smell of the coffee made my stomach tighten. At least, I think it was the coffee.
He sat down hard in his chair, one hand hanging onto the broom like a scepter, its end planted in the carpet. He felt the tear tracks on his face go cold, the small cuts in his hand go hot, and felt his stomach turn.
Sherlock buried his face in the bend of his arm, on the edge of the bed, and fought the urge to scream.
I had fucked it all up. When I had needed him the most, I had forced onto Sherlock Holmes the one thing he could not offer. I was such an idiot. No, worse. I had been a shitty friend. He hadn’t deserved it. I hadn’t the right.
“Yes, I am,” Sherlock answered, and the lack of his acerbic wit began to unnerve John. Sherlock looked like he’d aged five years since he’d gone, and John couldn’t be sure from this distance, but he thought he saw some streaks of gray in Sherlock’s hair.
The dancer’s performance, and the sudden epiphany of his identity, left him slack-jawed, eyes wide and his head spinning. He… just… could not believe it, but he knew…
Jack Redfearn seemed not to notice, and continued without prompt, “I mean, you know? It could end. Poof. Stray bullet, car just splatters you on the pavement, random heart attack, cancer…”
I was shocked at first, struck mute. I gave an abrupt laugh of surprise and crossed my arms tightly to myself, leaning back against the counter behind me. He seemed to relax a fraction. He stepped around the table, and I froze like a stone, smile locked onto my face in apprehension. Was this happening? I held my breath. And then he was there, an arm’s reach away.
Sherlock seemed to hesitate, seemed to choose his words carefully, “That means more to me than you can know. I can’t talk long. I want you to continue as if nothing has changed. I will try to come back.”
Mycroft seemed to go utterly still, as if his life-force had vacated for the moment. John held his breath.
He’d never been in a long term relationship, hadn’t understood really what drove a man to unending monogamy. That is, until now. John didn’t want to see anyone in his bed but the world’s only consulting detective. His thoughts skirted the details of what that meant. He had vague notions of what he’d like, mostly conjured up, broken images of his pale friend all sweaty and gasping. Other than that, he tried not to think of it.
In the next second, Sherlock pressed into Curt, thigh to naval. Curt issued a startled gasp which Sherlock promptly smothered with a rough hand over Curt’s lips. Sherlock pushed their hips together and Curt’s eyes widened in surprise, his mouth forming an O under Sherlock’s long fingers.
As much as Curt wanted this, he knew it had to stop now. Damnit. Shit. And Sherlock did not look like he was capable of stopping of his own volition. So, Curt took mercy on him. Fuck.
In the past six years, Curt had seen candid pictures in the news, short video clips, a handful of them making it to th televisions in his various hotel rooms. He remembered Sherlock as a much ganglier youth than the broader man who now filled the doorway. His eyes were the same, though, sharper than diamond arrowheads. And about the same color.
Sherlock stared at the array of instruments on the table, fingers splayed against the edge of the burnished wood. The pine was scarred and burned from years of experiments.
“It was a regular thing, um, for almost a month, yeah. It wasn’t exactly a healthy… arrangement, but… it is what it is. It happened.”
John cleared his throat and ducked his head a bit, rubbing at his brow as if it would help to find the right words, “He said that you… that you…”
John then looked to Sherlock, considered a second, and then looked right at Curt, “Did you clean it?”
On the train, Sherlock reviewed the journalist’s file. It contained the articles published in his name, his birthplace, addresses, schools, employers, every pertinent move the man had made. There was an article written in the New Yorker that was an interview of Arthur Stuart. It apparently was the only one he had given after Tommy Stone was exposed.
John shook his head slowly, wiping at the marveling expression that must have showed on his face, “You were the man I bumped into.”
“I remember everything,” Sherlock said in a low voice, his platinum-green eyes taking in every detail of his former lover’s face, flashbacks superimposing themselves over the reality of the moment.
Sherlock looked down from his friend’s distorted reflection in the toaster in order to meet the upturned gaze of a startled Curt Wild.
Her pity was almost as nauseating as the hangover. Almost. He dare not shake his head, only murmured, “No, thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Very much.”
“John, I don’t think he’s dead,” Anderson stated carefully but with enough surety that John hesitated.
"Um, well, John... how about I let you in, then?" Anderson offered soothingly, glancing nervously up to the lit window where the lace curtains began to move, "Come on, with me now before you end up in the back of a police car..."
He tore his gaze from Jack, and downed his second glass of whiskey, “No more for me, thanks,” he said a little too forcefully to no one in particular.
Sherlock did not immediately answer. He pulled his hands from his pockets and strode up to John, kicking a piece of the violin out of the way. Pieces crunched softly under his shiny, black dress shoes.
We did not take a table while we waited for Sherlock’s order. We stood there, some space between us, watching the world. I wondered, as I often tended to, what my friend saw when we shared the same vista. Just being near him changed the way I saw things. He made me aware of the infinite possibility of detail, meaning and history. Interconnectivity. And I remembered one night, long ago, as we walked through an alley on a case, how he had remarked on the beauty of the stars.
The flaxen haired man probably would think something was Wrong, that Sherlock had been kidnapped and the text was somehow a ruse. There was no help for it, though. Sherlock must find a way to address and resolve the tension between them or risk permanent damage.
Just then, I noticed a tall, familiar figure hurtling in my direction from down the street, yelling something and waving his arms to get my attention. He was being followed by an apparently angry someone in a very dirty business suit.
Such relief saturated him even as his disbelief of their reunion clung to his heart. He swept his thumb across the back of Sherlock’s neck, and placed the next kiss on his cheekbone, and then his cheek.
John’s aching head snapped up as his glare landed solidly on Anderson. Anderson flinched. John balled his hands into two fists, taking a few steps as if he were about to throttle the man. Anderson jumped and scuttled out of reach. John barked harsh, angry orders, “Get out! Get the hell out of our flat! GO!”
“I have no idea what’s gotten into him,” Sherlock said in a rush, looking away and around, anywhere but Curt.
John set the paper aside and stood. He walked to the edge of the linoleum, “Mycroft called me some weeks ago, and in the background, I heard a voice. Thought I recognized it. A man.”
“Nope,” he heard himself say. He clutched at the sides of his head. Note in one hand, violin shard in the other, “No, don’t do this.”
“You could have picked this stuff up on your own,” John complained, holding the two, white sacks of food in two white-knuckled fists.
Sherlock was staring at Curt’s covered body, appearing spell bound, as if the percussion and proximity of the electrical discharge had reset his circuits to skinless grief.
“I miscalculated, though,” he said softly. He took one more step, pivoting to stand just before me, just at the edges of my personal space.
He scanned the space, his hands on his hips, mentally preparing himself to leave. Something glinted on the floor, half-hidden by a stack of magazines,
So, here he stood in a swamp of chattering, giggling people who were filing into a large auditorium. It was an “extravaganza”, whatever that meant. It looked to involve dancers and musicians. The crowd seemed rather hippy-dippy in John’s opinion.
Sherlock was staring at the front of the hotel. He seemed to speak as if from a great distance, “You will find that the woman, the shooter, was the former manager of Tommy Stone. I believe Tommy Stone may have suffered a similar fate as… Curt Wild.”
He blinked and breathed, and the pale, striking face of his friend superimposed itself over reality.
Sherlock found himself relating to this statement. Conductor of Light, indeed. Mind Palace John left the room.
“Jacqui,” called the doctor’s assistant. She entered the lab from the hall that led to the administrative annex.
It was a little over a week later that John packed his things for moving. He had to leave Baker Street. He had not hallucinated again. The fear that he would see the apparition was laced with the sad desire for its return. The experience had changed something for John, had forced him to acknowledge how much Sherlock’s loss had really affected him. That acceptance had been paramount to climbing his way out of the abyss.
Sherlock was already headed for the door. Dr. Lennon followed behind him in her manual wheelchair as he made his way to the laboratory entrance. She had no problem keeping up with his long strides.
The doctor decided to offer a piece of his own secret, out of fairness and mercy for Sherlock’s pitifully conflicted expression. John said with some earnest feeling, “I do. Sometimes.”
“No!” he screamed, and he was crying. How long had he been crying? He thrashed. The report of assault rifles, the blaring song of .50 caliber machine guns, and the angry screams of soldiers surrounded him like a blanket. He had no weapon. He fought, though. Oh, how he fought to breathe, to survive. And Sherlock watched helplessly from the side of his hospital bed, pressing the nurse call button with ferocity.
John stood suddenly at that. He could not sit still. He had a need to move. He turned his back on Sherlock, approaching the tall, darkened window and looked out at the street.
Time had actually been kind to the rock star, even if he hadn’t been kind to himself. He had aged well, possibly more handsome than he had ever been in youth. A sense of hard won self-possession was on display where an angst-ridden restlessness had once been.
The manifestation of the Need was nowhere to be found in his mind palace. And he knew why. It was because he had the real thing sitting centimeters away, holding his face.
He huffed quietly at my expression, all fidgeting died away, and he became absolutely still except he tilted his chin up minutely, exposing his throat and the hard swallow that followed. He spoke then, “Despite evidence to the contrary, you’re not very good at this,” he accused, though his voice was not nearly as acerbic as his words, softened by some unnamed emotion. His gaze was darting between my eyes and my smirking mouth. His impatience presented more as nervousness than anything else. Sherlock... nervous? A huge turn on for me apparently.
John’s rage ballooned outward, clamoring for a target. It was then that he spotted Sherlock’s violin, and he wanted nothing more than to see it smashed to pieces. And that’s just what he did.
“John!” Mrs. Hudson’s voice pierced through the somewhat awkward moment as she approached from her apartment to the entryway. She joined John in the entrance, a cursory gaze shooting past him to land on Curt.
The next sound was an indistinct murmur from his resurrected friend. John strained to hear, eyes closing. Sherlock’s voice was distant, echoing as if he were holding the phone far from his face, “The words they use so lightly... I only feel for you.”
John gritted his teeth, inexplicably turned on at the sound of such plebian filth issuing from those pure, patrician lips. Apparently, he had at some point, if only temporarily, laid waste to that incredible mind by way of brutal fucking. He snapped his hips with devastating force and rapidity. He felt like he had been fucking forever, like he could go on fucking forever, as long as it was Sherlock Holmes he was fucking.
He had not an ounce of fat on him, but he had thickened up a bit. It seemed he had actually been eating more lately. It looked good on him, less bone, more healthy. And for once, I could acknowledge to myself that my admiration of his physique was not purely clinical or aesthetic. It was because it was Sherlock.
“How do you think I did it, then? Sherlock?” Hoija asked. Her accent was thick, something John could not place.
After the news broke, Tommy Stone had all but disappeared from the pubic eye. In fact, no one really knew where the rock star was anymore. Curt surmised that he was probably in hiding, perhaps plotting some new identity with his rabid sycophant of a manager in order to take over the world yet again.
He was going to puke. He practically fell out of bed in his haste, tripping over shoes and linens on his way to the toilet. He didn’t have time to shut the door. He collapsed to his knees just in time, head buried in the porcelain throne as his stomach betrayed him.
The man’s voice interrupted his scowling, “Trouble on the home front? Name’s Jack, by the way. Jack Redfearn.”
“Weird?” Sherlock arched a brow at that because Dr. Lennon was not prone to speaking so animatedly. She tended to repeat things in triplet, yes, but never with such verve. He considered the pendant before putting it back in the plastic bag.
But sometimes… sometimes they caught each other staring, their eyes locked across the room, across the cab, or across a corpse. It was then that the Great Unnamable Thing would pulse between them like an electrical artery, fleetingly exposed, insistent and painful. Distracting. Frustrating.
“How is that news, John?” Sherlock put his hands on his hips, aggravated. This was most definitely not what he’d been expecting.
“No idea! Don’t wait up,” he scooped up Arthur Stuart’s file, and he was down the stairs and out of the flat like a dark, swirling wind.
Before he could call her name, though, a high, heavenly note of music drifted down from upstairs. The vibrato of a violin string being stroked by a bow.
I spied the exposed part of his neck, remembered the warmth of it. I saw the pulse there, and it mesmerized me. I stared at it. I absently noticed my breathing go shallow.
Apparently, Lestrade hadn’t been into that particular music scene, and had no idea about any of it. He recognized the names, of course. Who wouldn’t?
John closed the distance between him and the front of the grand desk. He dropped his voice to a hushed tone, “He left a note in his violin. I… found it.”
“Sherlock, there are men here with a big crate! Say you’ve special ordered… something. What are you doing?!” Mrs. Hudson paused in the living room.
Sherlock spun away and strode over to Hoija who seemed to have been staring at Sherlock since Curt’s body had been covered.
like old times,” John corrected, though his doubt skittered across his mind, “Not sure what I’m doing with all of this… you know, new…” And there his vocabulary failed him.
Sherlock’s ears perked at John's tremulous respirations, the shells of cartilage pinking along with his cheeks and throat. He let his hands hang elegantly at his sides, closing his eyes and cataloguing the feel of John Watson’s careful ministrations. He hadn’t let John see the scars, the evidence of his torturous escapades, until now.
John frowned into the now bright and happy light of the fire of 221B, remembering what had come next with such detail that he shuddered.
John blinked rapidly a few times, and finally all of the tension drained from him, and he made a "huh" sound before his next confession, “Well, I wasn’t expecting that.”
“Well, then you know,” Jack’s voice was nearly a whisper, the tone low and secretive as he leaned in.
“Love you… so... fucking… much,” he declared as he punished that sweetness between Sherlock’s legs. He could see now, Sherlock’s erection bouncing in time with the thrusts. He saw Sherlock’s right arm flung above his head, hand braced against the headboard, counteracting the force of John’s passionate assault. Sherlock’s dark head of curls was limp on the pillow, and the tendrils stuck to his ears and face with perspiration.
His phone chimed somewhere in the chaos of his linens. He fished it out, and sat up, blinking bleary eyed at the screen. It was Curt, saying he was on his way. Apparently, Sherlock had texted him with instructions to meet him at the flat. Oh, yes. The pendant. He was going to give Curt the pendant.
Sherlock looked down at his own hands as he placed thumbs and forefingers at the fastening of his trousers. Pop went the button, followed unceremoniously by the slip of the fly, allowing the corners of the black trousers to feather open.
John slowly approached Sherlock from the side, carefully studying the man’s face. Just when John had begun to wonder how to help his friend, Sherlock turned to John, and looked him right in the eyes.
They were getting down to the wire on funds, and if the grant didn’t come through… well, they could kiss the lab goodbye. On top of that, she’d have to fire Deb. And Deb was Awesome.
Just the one, Sherlock thought. Suddenly, he did not want to watch the water boil. He swirled with a flap of the hand, “Help yourself to the tea. I have forgotten to… to take care of something.”
He just watched, mesmerized. It made him uncomfortable, too, in some way. A bloke moving like that, with such weird grace… but he couldn’t look away.
“She got just what she deserved. You know it,” Hoija hissed, leveling her gaze onto John for the first time. Her smile returned. She looked like a self-satisfied snake, “You know it first hand…” -- abruptly, her smile was gone like someone had turned off a light switch -- “...with more success than me, I’m afraid.”
“I followed you. You really should cultivate your situational awareness, John. You plowed straight into me, and then you let me follow you for blocks and blocks. I was too late to see you punch Anderson, unfortunately. I can’t imagine what’s taken so long for you to do it.”
“You," John breathed, paralyzed with fear and hope, and every weird, unnamed, unrelenting emotion that went along with knowing Sherlock Holmes.
“One fertility god for your efforts, Lieutenant,” Sherlock said as he handed the statue to the detective. By the way Lestrade gingerly accepted it and held it close, I could surmise its value, though it was far from me why such an ugly thing would be worth the trouble.
John stilled, his innards seemed suddenly buoyant as if he were about to freefall on a roller coaster. What had his friend seen in him? What had Sherlock deduced? There were things about himself that John struggled to accept. What the hell was about to be said? He shifted nervously as his anxiety grew.
He stopped in front of the wide picture window, the display was as tasteful and understated as he remembered it. The glass must be some kind of shatter or burglar resistant material, he thought to himself.
“John, I can deduce a few things on my own. I came in on a morning train. And I thought you had to be at the clinic…”
It wasn’t a question. John’s mind just was not working very well. The silence of the kitchen was palpable.
Sherlock did not taste of cigarettes as he had in the past, but the feel of him was the same. Still wiry, though stronger than he ever had been. Still tall, overbearing, and passionately insistent.
John was getting nervous for his friend. He had rarely seen Sherlock so emotional, except maybe at Baskerville. He didn’t count the moments before Sherlock had jumped from Bart’s. That had been an acting job, hadn’t it? Now, John wasn’t so sure.
Curt started to stand, forcing Sherlock to release his hold on his hair. He remained close when he stood.
Sherlock huffed dramatically, and stood quickly, catching John’s gaze and interrupting any answer Curt might have made, “Honestly, John! I cleaned it. I cleaned my mess. You’re always going on about it. Well, I did it. Now,” he clapped his hands together as he strode past his doctor into the kitchen, “Let’s eat. That smells wonderful!”
Sherlock paused, considered, shrugged, “Could be anyone. The Prime Minister. Anyone.” Sherlock returned to his selecting the next…
“Sherlock, I didn’t think you’d come rushing down here,” Lestrade said, his voice was tempered with surprise and sympathy.
John visibly steadied himself, and he let Sherlock read whatever was written so plainly on his face.
He allowed that almost-grin of his to soften his expression, and opened the door to the restaurant. I followed. I wanted to be swallowed by my jacket, if I am to be honest. This was uncharted territory for us, and it was all inlaid within a typical post-case meal.
Curt’s brows rose when Sherlock did not push him away. In fact, Sherlock may have tugged slightly on Curt’s hair.
Person of interest: Retired Professor of geology, author and leading petrographist, Dr. Jacqui Lennon.
Mycroft stepped further into the flat, casting his glance about. Though he’d had the place bugged to the gills, he would not miss the opportunity to look for himself. Because of his surveillance devices, he knew just about everything that took place in these walls. Thankfully, John had been too preoccupied to do any checks.
John rolled his eyes, shook his head, and caught sight of something sitting on the counter. The pendant, it seemed to be glowing softly.
“Look no further, John,” Sherlock intoned, a spooky look filling his eyes. They seemed to be lit from within. Sherlock held the violin straight out to him, as if offering it for inspection. He cocked his head to the side, willing John to look closer at the beloved instrument.
They took seats in the living area, and Curt filled Sherlock in on the investigation that Arthur had led into the disappearance of Brian Slade, that he had been the one to make the connections with Tommy Stone. Sherlock rolled his eyes and supplied an indolent remark. Of course Sherlock had known who Brian Slade had become! The mystery had rated a three, at best.
“Thank you for everything,” he spoke, forcing himself to feel nothing. He called on his military bearing, and stuffed the rampaging thoughts to the back of his mind. He stood, and handed the glass back to her. His smile was tight and small.
Jack’s grin did not dissipate in the slightest. He just looked very amused at John’s declaration, “Well, go on!”
She huffed in disbelief. He smiled minutely despite himself, turning to her with rare warmth. “When he does, we’ll be ready,” he said as he placed his hands on her arms and squeezed.
That one phrase, though, despite its lack of inflection, said worlds. It settled John’s mind and body as if a switch had been flipped. They understood eachother perfectly, and John hadn’t even had to really say anything too revealing. He hadn’t the courage just yet to put into words what he felt for Sherlock Holmes. And Sherlock knew it.
“I know. I know. I had to make an excuse to see you, and you drank way more than I thought you would. I had to know, had to see for myself!”
John turned on his heel, and strode away, shoulders hunched. He was filled to the brim with an energy that seemed to crackle about him. He had to move or he would explode with it.
I had the cabbie drop me prior to Baker Street. I needed the walk. I needed the air. The city was cold. It had already spat snow a few times this morning, nothing that stuck. There was a constant breeze now, one that complimented the numbness within me. Except when the memories surged unbidden… I took a deep, abrupt breath of frigid air, and its expulsion blossomed in front of my face unseen. I only saw, in my mind, the crook of Sherlock’s jaw in the strange light of the street lamps. Another place. Another time.
He wasn’t sure what he expected out of this visit. He wasn’t sure it was “healthy” to have entertained his impulse to come here.
Sherlock looked at it, the corners of his mouth turning up very slightly. He placed his hand in John’s firm, warm grasp. They both watched the hands fold together, and then matched each other’s gazes with tender affection and unabashed, primal curiosity.
“NO TIME FOR SULKING, JOHN!” Sherlock shouted as he lunged nearer, dropping his hands as he sprinted, “LITTLE HELP, IF YOU PLEASE!”
John huffed, crossed his arms as he half-turned to Sherlock with an incredulous look on his expressive face, “Of course you were.”
John stepped in front of him. Sherlock came up short, his chosen path effectively blocked. He glared at the former soldier, but John did not waver.
John spoke, then, his words resounding through every cell of Sherlock’s being: “Stop thinking, and let me do what I want.”
There will be at least one more ficlet by me featuring this Shaun/John backstory. It is truly original and so emotionally satisfying! I can't recommend it enough.
Two booted feet was what she saw next, her vision whittling down to a narrow tunnel of sight. The person belonging to those feet kneeled, and a pale face came into view, niether masculine nor feminine. The eyes, though, were alarming. Why? It was hard to think.
John struggled to remember. Anderson had been fully clothed in the bed, but John had been naked. He had brief flashes of memory cartwheel through his mind, nothing clear… except… Anderson’s hand on his cock.
He stared at the small cardboard box sitting on the desk in the living room. Inside was a trash bag. In the trash bag was the smashed violin. He hadn’t had the heart to throw it away.
As the planet rotated and brought more of the world's Starlight to shine on London, Hoija knew she would Step soon and she decided not to miss Curt Wild anymore. It did no good to linger or regret. She had been too late for her friend at this Intersection, and knew from centuries of experience not to try for a different outcome with the same person someplace else.
Unfortunately, John’s experience as a doctor made him painfully aware of the trauma that would have been required to make these marks so violent and large, even after all this time to heal. John leaned forward and placed a small kiss on one scar before he even recognized the impulse to do it. The act startled him more than it did Sherlock.
Sherlock stopped, spun, paced back within view of Mycroft who was sitting in the car, safe from the cold. His brother was leaning forward on his umbrella, hands folded over the wooden curve of its handle.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock answered grudgingly, disconcerted at being so unsure about such a major detail. Of course she’d know who he was, too. He searched her eyes, noting she was wearing colored contact lenses. They made her eyes look coffee brown with gold flecks.
Mrs. Hudson hadn’t noticed the absence of Sherlock’s violin. John had hidden the evidence in his closet, and had only taken it out today. He still wasn’t sure what to do with it. He felt like he was hiding the body of a murder victim, which was silly, but he couldn’t help the lead feeling of guilt in is gut.
John thought about going to the gym. He’d already been that morning, and after almost five months of daily training, John found himself in better shape than he had been while serving in the army. Pent up sexual frustration did that to a man like Three Continents Watson.
John’s understanding blossomed fully in that moment. His anxiety drained from him in an instant, leaving him aroused and elated. He said it as it occurred to him, “You already are what I want. You don’t have to become anything but what you already are.”
John’s mouth was set in a grim line, his fists now clenched. Sherlock wasn’t sure quite what John was going to do, fight him or… leave?! He watched, flabbergasted, as John marched to the door.
“If you must,” Sherlock said in a longsuffering way, as if he bore some great burden because of John’s curtesy of others.
I readied myself in the empty house, the noise from the telly fading to a squawk even as the lines around my perception blurred and I found myself stilled and staring into a mirror. Alone, and so much more weathered; I hardly recognized that dazed expression as my own.
“You think so?” Sherlock asked with guarded tension. He let the strap of the bag slide from his shoulder, settling the burden on the floor beside him. He watched John closely, stepping further into the room.
Moira’s eyes rounded as she saw the color drain from John’s face. She placed a hand on his forearm, and spoke with some authority, “I think you should sit down.”
Sherlock slung his bedroom door open, “John?” – he called experimentally. The stillness of the flat was telling.
“So what your saying is, you want me to quit my job at the clinic and work with you full time, and we’ll share the money?”
Sherlock practically flew up the stairs to the living room, his body thrumming with anticipation. The cab ride home had been an exercise in restraint. John had sat closer to him than he ever had before, his warm, firm thigh pressed against Sherlock’s.
It didn’t help matters that the case had began just as John was getting over the flu. He’d emerged from his bedroom after his fever had finally broken, to find Sherlock deep  in conversation with Greg. When Sherlock had seen him, his whole face had brightened in a way that made John’s chest go warm, which is why he’d agreed to come along instead of rest as should have.
Five days later and John was still ignoring Sherlock’s texts. That didn’t seem to stop Sherlock, or even give him pause. Everyday John would wake up to row of messages sent from absurd hours of the morning, and then throughout the day. John wondered when the detective was sleeping.
“These are sensitive, aren’t they?” he breathed damply against Sherlock’s chest, making him shiver, and thrust his chest toward John’s mouth. He needed to feel John’s mouth on him again, sucking and biting and- and-
Sherlock clamped his lips shut as he came, spurting over his hand and the wall. His knees shook as the pleasure coursed through him, and he slowly slumped onto his knees in the tub, breathing hard. The warm water pounded down onto Sherlock’s shoulders as his head hung low between them, his body shaking hard with pleasure. His hair hung limp and wet over his forehead.
Sherlock grinned and kissed John back, wrapping his arms around John’s waist and guiding them both back onto the couch.
Sighing, Sherlock flopped back onto the couch and tried to think of something unusual that John would appreciate. He rolled onto his side and stared at the telly. Some colourful children’s show was on, with oddly animated children riding on a cheerful dragon’s back. The dragon gave Sherlock a pause, then he had an idea; a brilliant, but risky idea.
John wordlessly pointed to the door, fighting to keep his emotions in check until Sherlock left. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Sherlock’s nose twitch at the distress colouring John’s scent. That was rare, alphas could only smell distress if the impending crisis was going to be massive in an omega. He saw Sherlock make an abortive gesture to reach out to him, then turn and head for the door.
With that John disappeared up the stairs to his room. Sherlock stood in the middle of the living room for a moment his hands limp at his sides as he thought about the
“Sherlock,” John said slowly, still clearly trying to make sense of what he was seeing. “Were you trying to cook?”
“So,” he said after a beat of silence, “You jumped so Moriarty wouldn’t kill me, Greg and Mrs. H,” John clarified, his voice hollow.
“Do you want to wait for the tea? Or?” John nodded towards the tree where a small pile of presents sat waiting for them.
John blinked back to the present to see Sherlock looking at him in concern. He must be looking pretty terrible since Sherlock had actually noticed.
He heard the lid come off and John’s little noise of surprise at the red and yellow fabric inside. There was a rustle as John pulled the dragon out, and Sherlock fought the urge to twist his glove box in his hands.
He nodded at Carlotta as the pack and John trooped out of the house. Sherlock knew enough of werewolves not to get offend at the request to stay away. During their transformation a wolf was at their most vulnerable, which is why non-wolf strangers weren’t welcome. He did turn the news on, but kept his sense cast out in case John needed him. As he felt the change take hold, Sherlock pulled his senses back and into himself. Soon a series of soft howl’s filled the air and Sherlock was out the back door.
“The polished shoes, the product in your hair, the careful shave. It’s as plain as day John,” Sherlock sneered.
“Hello,” Devaki said smiling at them both. “You must be John,” she held out a hand and John shook it, smiling brightly.
“Thank you for tonight Sherlock. It was lovely.” John eyes were a deep blue in the street light and seemed to be saying more than the man was willing to say out loud. His thumb slowly rubbed over Sherlock’s wrist, slipping under the cuff of his shirt.
A snarky reply was on the tip of John’s tongue, but he smothered it. He’d dealt with enough surly patients in his day. Plus pissing the medic off would take energy, an energy John didn’t have.
Heaving himself off the couch, Sherlock scooped his phone off the coffee table and headed into his bedroom. A few taps later and the phone was against his ear as he waited for his mother to answer.
“I saw you, you great berk. Up on the balcony like the bloody Phantom of the Opera. Did you enjoy the match?”
“Well,” John looked so hopeful Sherlock’s stomach ached, “I supposed if I meet with- did you get her name?”
Sherlock stared at him dumbly for a moment, before digging into his pocket and pulling out his latest acquisition from Lestrade. John snapped the cuffs around Minchel’s wrists, then dug his mobile out of his pocket to call Lestrade.
Sherlock swallowed and looked down at his lap again. This was- this was too much. He couldn’t say it now, there wasn’t any cover, nothing to hide behind. John’s hands lightly slid over his own, stopping their twisting and holding them gently. Sherlock looked up at John in surprise, his eyes wide and ever so slightly wet.
“Yes, I- um, I wanted to give it to John for Christmas,” Sherlock said, pinching the bridge of his nose. He was sure his face was pink and was glad he hadn’t decided on a video call. His mother would never make fun of him, but she wasn’t above teasing.
John took a deep breath, stealing himself for whatever he was about to say, “Is everything ok? With him I mean?”
John went quiet, thinking, and Sherlock turned his gaze to the kitchen door as if he couldn’t wait for Ajay to come back. He thought about the time John had dozed off against his shoulder after a stake out to keep himself smiling.
Sherlock whimpered, both at the praise and at the fact that John was sucking a bruise into the skin over his collar bone. The whimper soon turned into a moan as John sucked the thin skin between his teeth, and nibbled at it.
one. Watson men were alphas through and through, not nacy-boys, or at least that was his dad always started ranting about when he saw an omega actor on the telly, or got a wiff of one in the shops. Those times John would duck his head in shame, cheeks red as he wished he had the courage to stand up to his father, to say he didn’t see why omega and alpha men should be treated any differently.
“No,” John said, his voice low but firm. “No summoning and no Mycroft.” He gave Sherlock a little smile. “Thank you, love, but I don’t think they’ll appreciate being dragged to the flat by magic or a scary bloke in a suit showing up on their front steps.”
God, that was inadequate. Why could he never express himself in this area. In all other facets he was perfectly articulate, then here, when it mattered more than anything, his words failed him.
damn it. Nines were few and far between, plus (and this was something Sherlock only recently discovered) nines felt more like twos when John wasn’t with him.
John squeezed her and swallowed hard. This past week had been hell, and all he wanted was to go home and sort through it all in the quiet.
“I’m sorry I bothered you,” John said, getting to his feet and turning toward the door. “Your dad was a good writer. I enjoyed the book.”
There it had been said. There was no going back now. Sherlock kept his gaze locked on John, his eyes flicking desperately over every feature of John’s face, trying to gauge his reaction.
This was his future and damn it he was excited. Well and truly excited, because now- now he could spend it all with Sherlock Holmes.
The clouds were growing heavier in the sky as the cafe door clanged shut behind him. A sharp, salted breeze blew along the road as John walked, L.G.’s stories swirling in his head. He could see why the town was a perfect setting for his tales; with the close-packed buildings, cobbled streets, and grey sky, it felt like a place shifty sailors and merfolk would hang about.
Sherlock’s own legs were stretched out on either side of his own, and his chest was warm against John’s back. At anyother time John would have protested being held like this in public, but right now all he cared about was that it was warm and the room wasn’t spinning.
Sherlock. He straightened his posture as his client bustled back into the stuffy sitting room he’d been waiting in, laying the thought to rest for now.
Harry was right, John did want to help. Aashriya was important to him, she’d helped him so much when he was younger, made him see himself in a positive light, he couldn’t bear to see her hurting.
John smiled at him, and lightly rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s cheek bone. Sherlock could only stare at him, stunned. In John’s eyes he could see- he could see
His abdomen was just as delicious from the front as it had been from the side; firm and delicately carved into symmetrical pads of muscle. And his
He blinked hard and started picking up carrots. The vegetables had spread far and wide over the kitchen floor, while the chicken was a black, smoking lump. Suddenly, he heard the street door slam. John was home early!
“So here I am again,” he said ruefully to the headstone. “It’s almost two years to the day you know.”
Devaki gave him a considering look, “I know you live with a wolf long term, you’re practically drenched in the smell. So you’re not lying.”
“Oh Sherlock.” John said in that same soft tone. He gently cupped Sherlock’s cheek, his thumb stroking softly over Sherlock’s cheek bone.
Before turning around and heading to the bathroom. Sherlock gaped after him for a few moments, too aroused and in love and
Sherlock had clearly had enough of it himself. Ignoring Nathan totally, he moved in front of John and gently helped him out the chair, wrapping a long arm around his shoulders to steady him. John leaned against Sherlock’s side and enjoyed the smell of him as the detective carefully helped him into the ambulance. Sherlock smelt of expensive cologne, the wool of his coat, and a touch of sweat.
“Your turn now, Sherlock.” With that he leaned down for a scorching kiss that had Sherlock rutting against John in no time.
John nodded, swallowing passed the dryness in his throat and stood up slowly. The chase had taken more out of him than he thought.
There was another pause. If it were anyone else but his mother, Sherlock would have had a barbed quip at the ready to defend himself.
Sherlock’s stomach plummeted. He numbly set the milk on the counter and strode off toward his bedroom, not even hearing John calling after him.  In the sitting room, when he first thought John’s absences were related to sex, he’d thought it had been with another woman. The smell proved otherwise. It was another
Soon the marina came into a view. Two dozen boats sat amongst old wooden piers, masts jutting up like some sort of weird forest. The sails flapped loudly in the breeze. A low pale green building sat on the shore nestled between  the rocks of the beach. John walked closer, wondering if it was a bait shop. When he saw the brass plate mounted above the door he froze for the second time that day.
this, yet this knowledge didn’t ease the frustration that welled up inside of him every time John had to leave hi- the case- for work.
Sherlock laughed and tossed his phone to John. “Her number’s in there. I suggest you text soon before she forgets our conversation, or the full moon gets to close.”
John’s eyes went dark, and he licked his lips. “God, you’re sexy,” he growled, giving Sherlock a hard kiss before heading over to the bed. He unwrapped the towel and tossed it aside, before sitting with his legs spread wide and feet planted on the floor.
Sherlock nodded, he didn’t trust his voice at the moment. Here was John, his John, crouched between his legs and being oh-so-gentle after taking down one of London’s most wanted with ease.
John cut those thoughts off as he climbed out of bed and grabbed his cane. Those thoughts were useless now. Sherlock was dead. He wasn’t coming back, it was over. His only hope was that wherever the mad bastard was, he knew John loved him.
“And after dinner,” John continued, his own voice starting to fade, “I’ll lay you out over my bed and fuck you. How does that sound?” A note of mischief had entered John’s voice.
Sherlock flopped onto his bed and curled into a ball on his side. His mind raced over the details that backed up his conclusion. It wasn’t just the smell of cologne; a new romantic relationship explained John’s elevated mood, his desire to be fit, the way he smiled more and the glow in his eyes.
“Same here,” Carlotta chimed in. She smiled warmly at John, “I really love your blog. The cases sound so interesting!” She looked toward Sherlock and shared the smile with him.
Sherlock moaned and thrust up harder against his hand. John crouched over him, his lips fastened around Sherlock’s nipple, his tongue flicking over the nub. One of John’s small, strong hands was hard on his hip, while the other was clamped tightly around Sherlock’s wrist, pinning it above his head. Sherlock moaned and struggled against John’s hold. Not because he wanted to get away, but because he wanted to feel John’s strength holding him in place.
The pavement was so crowded with Christmas shoppers that he and John were forced into a slow walk. John didn’t seem to mind though as he gazed into the store windows they passed. John was a notorious window shopper. Sherlock didn’t understand it…why didn’t he just go into the stores.
Behind John’s chair, Ajay came through from the kitchen holding a packet of biscuits. He brushed his hand along John’s coat again and Sherlock caught a flash of silver. Sherlock turned back to John before the man could notice where he was looking.
Ajay sighed and scrubbed a hand through his short buzz of hair. “Right to the case then, fine.” he held out his half empty tea cup, “ I’ll need something a little stronger for that.”
John nodded, unable to find his voice. Sherlock’s eyes continued to roam over his face, his thumb slowly sweeping over John’s cheek. At the delicate gesture, John’s breath caught and Sherlock’s eyes locked onto his, widening in surprise when he noticed what he was doing. He immediately ripped his hands away from John’s face, his eyes dropping to the floor.
Sherlock grinned up at him, adding a twist on the up stroke that had John moaning. “We’ve plenty of time John,” he said, with a kiss and flick to the tip of John cock.
Sherlock whimpered and leaned in for a kiss, his hands sliding around John’s trim waist. John kissed him deeply, his tongue sliding firmly into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock gasped against John’s mouth, as the doctor pressed against him. The water from John’s body soaked into Sherlock’s shirt, making the silk cling deliciously to his skin. John pressed one more hard kiss to Sherlock’s lips before pulling back.
“They knew how important you are to me,” Sherlock said, anger beginning to creep into his voice, “If they found out I was still alive they would have hurt you to get to me.”
Early morning light was sliding into his room through a crack in the curtains. He stretched lazily, enjoying the endorphins running through him and trying to tramp down on his guilt. It was
Sherlock stared at him a moment, before looking away again. John brushed his thumb over Sherlock’s knuckles, trying to sooth him.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped wide open against John’s neck. He leaned up and pressed a hard kiss to the doctor’s lips.
“That’s so old fashioned,” Aashriya would say. “My secondary gender doesn’t dictate how I act no more than my primary gender does. I’m not some mindless animal who can’t control what I do.”
“You were amazing you know.” John growled as he kissed his way down Sherlocks neck. “So perfect, putting that pretty mouth to such good use.”
Leaning forward, Sherlock pressed a kiss to the tip, enjoying John’s sharp inhale. He knew how to give head in theory, he was inexperienced not naïve, and was determined to please John.  So far, so good it seemed. Looking up at John through his lashes, he flicked his tongue over the slit, licking off the pre-come that had gathered there. John’s mouth dropped open in pleasure, his hands fisting in the blankets on either side of his thighs.
“If you would show me your daughter’s bedroom, I can begin my investigation,” he said, tucking his idea safely away in his mind palace and turning his attention back to case.
John was soon engrossed as he read the tale of L.G. getting washed overboard while he was on a tuna boat and being rescued by one the ‘deep people’, who’d taken him to an island. L.G. appeared to be both fascinated and horrified by the creature, noting it’s ‘inhumanly beautiful face’ and ‘long needle like teeth’.  John got so lost in it that his coffee was cold by the time he took another sip.
Sherlock smiled back, he couldn’t help it. “Yeah. I named him spots. Mycroft was so disappointed at the lack of creativity.”
The girl retreated back behind the counter as John tuned the book over with one hand. Propping his cane against a shelf, he walked over to a low couch tucked into a corner of the store and sat down. The spine of the book cracked as he opened it, the heavy glossed pages smooth under John’s fingers as he flipped to the table of contents. Whoever designed the book had had the pages printed to look aged, with a few ‘coffee stains’ and ‘ink spots’ thrown in to give it the look of an old journal.
Oh right, John had forgotten he’d wanted to go. After last night he wasn’t sure he wanted to leave his bed at all. Then again, he didn’t exactly want to be alone with his thoughts either.
“Come here you gorgeous thing.” John said, taking one of his hands and pulling him close. Sherlock went eagerly, falling to his knees between John’s thighs and peering up at him.
“Could you run down and hail a cab, Sherlock? I just need to put my shoes on and then we can go,” John called from their room.
Swallowing, he hustled into his room, he needed to commit those sounds to his mind palace as quickly as possible.
Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad, he reasoned, as he stole glances at John while pretending to work at his microscope. The look in John’s eyes outside the restaurant had given him that little boost, along with a million other little signs that indicated John was feeling the tension too.
Soon, the two of them would get a cab to the family country house where John could roam the woods. Luckily, as a fellow student of magic, Mycroft was fully aware of werewolves, and willing to give John a safe space to run.
John’s grin got wider, “Thanks. I was wondering how long it would take you to figure out where I was going.”
“It’s because you mattered!” Sherlock roared, his voice echoing through the flat. “It’s because you matter the most! Mycroft can take care of himself and his resources were valuable to the operation. Molly- Molly spent her entire time with Moriarty being under estimated. He would have never thought I’d use her in a plan, let alone once against him. The homeless network, they-they know how to fly under the radar. They’re off the books, hard to track. All of them-
Sherlock couldn’t help but let his eyes wander over John’s body. These days John had been looking extremely fit. His shoulders had broadened, and his waist looked trimmer. The fact that he hadn’t bought new clothes recently just emphasised this, much to Sherlock’s delight. His jumpers and shirts now pulled taught over his chest and hung lose over his stomach.  All of this combined made him look roguish, incredibly handsome and- and
They met one day when John was sitting next to the large tree in his back yard, avoiding his father, who was in one of his moods. It was a chilly day and he was shivering in a too thin coat. He saw the girl come out of the house and shiver, before making her way quickly to the bins at the back of the yard. On her way back inside she spotted John and did a double take, before giving him a tentative smile.
There was another voice on the other end of the line, a woman’s, clearly protesting being kept a surprise.
His eyes were shut tight in pleasure, his lips parted and the muscles of his thighs rippling as he writhed under Sherlock’s touch. As he watched, John’s eyes fluttered open, darkening as he caught Sherlock’s gaze.
The detective opened his mouth to say, well he wasn’t quite sure what, but then John was leaning forward and his lips pressed softly over Sherlock’s.
“No, it didn’t. Molly is fine. Mycroft is fine. Only I had to mourn you for two years.” he stalked towards the door, needing to get out of here.
Sherlock could only blink at the mess of front of him. How had something so simple gone so horribly wrong? He sighed again, his eyes feeling suspiciously prickly as he crouched down to pick up the vegetables from the floor.
Aashriya nodded, taking a sip of her coffee. “Yup, he finally pulled his head out of his arse and decided what he wanted to do. Turns out he’s a remarkable chef.”
John knew Sherlock would hate the sentiment of flowers. True, Sherlock could be romantic when the mood hit him; dancing in the living room, romantic dinners at Angelo’s for no reason, but things like flowers he didn’t really see the point of. Still, John felt it was a tradition he wanted to uphold, taking flowers to Sherlock’s grave.
Sighing in frustration, Sherlock made his way up the stairs of 221b. The body parts hadn’t been as interesting as he thought. Even worse, Molly had called in sick, leaving Sherlock to deal with some soppy replacement pathologist who kept making eyes at him, and wouldn’t even let him into the chemical cupboard.
Lestrade’s expression didn’t change, “Is that all, Mr Watson? I really am very busy.” If his voice was any colder John was sure the sea outside the window would turn to ice. John realized he was done, there was nothing else to say to Lestrade.
At first Sherlock thought John was going to the gym. This theory was quickly discarded as John never wore his workout clothes when he went to this place, nor did he carry a bag. Also, John always had a habit of telling Sherlock he was ‘heading to the gym’ when he was, so it couldn’t be there. Sherlock would have to keep investigating.
Christmas crawled closer and the work dried up. It always did around Christmas, apparently even criminals took time off to put up their trees and drown in eggnog. As with every Christmas, the tree was put up, tinsel hung and Christmas lights untangled. Usually Sherlock would pretend to have an important experiment to get out doing the work, but this year something was different. He actually had
He kept up the massage, while John kept up a litany of murmured praise. He couldn’t help but look at the man as he rubbed, taking in the gold-grey of John’s hair, the freckles on his shoulders, a close up view of his scar. As he worked, John’s muscles relaxed under his hands, and the praise turned into a series of satisfied groans. Just when Sherlock felt like he would scream with frustration, John finally,
“It’s fine really,” John said, trying to smile, though it must not have been successful considering the look on her face.
. The warmth of the room was getting to him. He hurriedly yanked off his suit jacket and pulled off his shoes and socks. Now, John would have the pleasure of undressing him, but he wouldn’t over heat.
John’s breath hitched, but the gentle sweep of his thumb on Sherlock’s cheek never stopped. Their eyes were locked, boring into each other. John’s eyes were navy in the light.
John’s own eyes felt suspiciously prickly weeks later, as he watched her family’s car drive away. He and Aashriya hadn’t been in love with each other (something they both knew), but she’d been the first positive alpha influence in his life. She’d helped him learn to accept himself, which was something he’d forever be grateful to her for.
Slowly, John leaned closer, his hands gently cradling Sherlock’s face. Sherlock shut his own eyes, and swallowed hard, his hands coming up to hook on John’s elbows. He felt the heat of John’s body as John’s lips got closer and closer- and then pressed against his forehead.
“Meet us at the café around the corner from my place. Don’t dawdle now,” Harry said sounding sly, and about to hang up.
He gestured to the whiteboard where pictures of the suspects were taped. Sherlock had used red marker to connect them all, before finally circling the culprit. It had been dizzying to watch, and John was sure if he was well he would have been highly impressed, but in his current state he couldn’t muster the energy to follow any of it.
He stared up at Sherlock as the detective growled at whoever had touched him. Once the hand fell away, he turned his gaze back to John. Their eyes locked. The detective looked tired, with dark circles under his eyes and sallow cheeks.
Sherlock burrowed his head against John’s shoulder and shut his eyes. “It’s only four in the afternoon, John. We’re getting old.”
The two of them reached a split in the alley between the two warehouses. A quick glance showed that both looked deserted. They nodded once at each other, before John went right and Sherlock headed left.  The warehouse walls rose up high on either side of him. It was the right wall that concern Sherlock the most, it had for too many windows for his liking. He made it about half way down the alley when suddenly, there was a sharp scraping sound from behind him.
Sherlock turned to face John, now dressed in the same jeans and shirt he’d left the flat in. The doctor was smiling at him the same way he’d smiled at the opponent in the ring; wide and wicked.
John smiled and leaned in for another kiss. It was a rare person who could see that smile on Sherlock Holmes’ face and not want to kiss it off. Shame the option only belonged to John now.
His brow furrowed then and Sherlock held his breath. He could tell from John’s posture that his father was about to be mentioned. John’s shoulders always went stiff and his face hardened around the eyes whenever the man came up.
John sat up with a gasp, the scream lodged in his throat. For one awful moment, he couldn’t breathe, and sat gasping hard on his tiny bed.
“It was just a stuffed dragon, but it bothered me so much,” John went on with a hard little laugh. “I was planning to hide the thing in my cupboard, silly I know, it was just a toy! But dad got there first and threw it out. I was so angry.” John’s laugh was self-deprecating this time.
him like this, but he trusted John more than anyone. John was- his thoughts abruptly went off the rails as John licked him from balls to coccyx.
“No no, it’s fine,” Ajay said with an airy laugh, “Private accountant yes. You’re still with the clinic?”
Shaking his head, he jogged down the stairs of the station, he’d call tonight before he lost his nerve.
“The things you do to me John,” Sherlock rumbled, pulling John down for another kiss. When they parted both men’ s eyes were impossibly soft.
The bookshop proved to a be a bright yellow store front tucked between a nail salon and a dry cleaners. John was debating whether to go in or follow the signs to the library, when the display in the window caught his eye.
I promise the next chapter will be complete and total smut from start to finish! I hope you enjoyed!
Unable to help himself John leaned forward and pressed kisses to all these new/old features, fluttering kisses over Sherlock forehead, temples, cheeks. He would have kissed every inch of Sherlock’s face, but the detective cut him off, capturing John’s lips in another kiss.
“Alright love?” John asked, crouched between Sherlock’s thighs. His eyes were filled with concern as he gently stroked a lock of sweaty hair off Sherlock’s forehead.
. It was a simple word, a word that seemed almost too trivial to describe how he felt, but it was true. It was so exhaustingly true.
Soon he was on top of her on the couch as her hands unbuttoned his shirt. He buried his nose in her scent glad, inhaling the clean crisp smell, and nuzzling the skin as he felt her own nose against his neck.
“Yeah, a lot better actually. Once this bag’s done they said I could leave,” John said, nodding toward his drip.
John grinned and pulled him down for a deep kiss, his tongue peeking out to stroke Sherlock’s lower lip. He slowly trailed his lips across Sherlock’s jaw, making the detective shiver.
He’d been successful. Two weeks after court a friend had gone to visit Emily and found her dead in the back yard, with no sign of Sarah anywhere. Normally, this was a kind of case Lestrade could handle on his own, but the load of his other cases coupled with the urgency of this one made him reach out for help. Sherlock always knew the DI was smarter than he looked.
Sherlock dried off, styled his hair and dressed in his favourite sapphire blue suit with a crisp white shirt. Feeling ready for battle he returned to the living room.
Ajay snorted and took a sip of tea. “Do you really think Rosemond is the type of woman who tolerates
He rolled onto his side and stared blankly at the wall of the bedsit. He wished, with an awful, bone deep ache, that he’d told Sherlock he loved him. Maybe that would have stopped him from jumping, maybe it would have made Sherlock come to John instead of going up onto the roof, maybe it would have-
John started panting harder above him, and his thighs began to tense. His hands slid to Sherlock’s jaw and pulled the detective off with a wet pop. Sherlock went willingly, pumping his hand faster over John’s cock and staring at John in wonder.
Sherlock’s scowl deepened as he thought about all the idiotic advice he found when he’d attempted to research the matter.
John’s face was practically glowing as Devaki wrote down her address for them and the date and time of the meeting.
John slowly increased the pressure of his lips as Sherlock relaxed against him, his shoulders dropping and hands come up to rest against John’s chest. John hummed against Sherlock’s mouth and slowly licked at the seam of his lips, seeking entry. Sherlock lips parted with a soft sigh, letting John deepen their kiss.
Sherlock lay on the couch in his customary thinking pose when he heard the door to 221 slam shut and John’s quick footsteps on the stairs. That was a good sign, it meant he’d had a descent day at work and would be more open to his suggestion.  He shut his eyes and quickly steepled his fingers under his chin as the door to 221b opened. John strode through, smelling like the rain drops that fell off his coat as he hung it up.
He stopped abruptly, realizing he was dangerously close to saying something he wasn’t ready to admit. Sherlock peeked cautiously at John, and was relieved to see the man was smiling at him, his eyes very soft.
Sherlock’s fingers tightened around the mug, his knuckles going white. “It wasn’t safe for you John. I couldn’t risk Moriarty’s people finding out.”
John had been watching him for a few minutes, the desire for action building and building within him.
They were slowly closing the distance between Finn and themselves when Sherlock let out a sharp cry as he crashed into a tired looking woman dragging a duffel bag behind her.
Devaki nodded and took a bite of her sandwich, “Sorry to eat and chat, but it’s my lunch hour. Yeah, our head is my wife so I mentioned you over dinner. Don’t worry, your boyfriend made a good impression.”
Sherlock gulped and nodded. If John could render him senseless with his tongue, he couldn’t wait to see what he could do with his fingers.
“Yes yes. I couldn't think of a way to get out of it," he said with a sly smile. It would look odd if he was too enthusiastic over something John knew he detested.
“I’ll send it first class mail so it’ll arrive in time for Christmas.” Her tone turned teasing, “Shall I wash it, or do you want John to know what your bedroom smells like?”
“Oh, you seemed to be mourning just fine on your date.” Sherlock spat after him, venom in his voice.
He gave Sherlock’s arm a squeeze before standing up. On the way to the kitchen his shoulder knocked into the coat rack, tipping it. He swore softly under his breath and shot John and Sherlock a self deprecating grin as he straightened the rack, smoothing John’s coat back into place.
Deciding John needed to be distracted, he John to him and kissed him until the man went pliant in his arms.
John pushed open the door to the café, his mind awhirl over the mystery guest. He had narrowed it down to one possible suspect, but he didn’t want to get is hopes up. A whirl of mixed scents hit him as he stepped into the shop; the fresh aroma of coffee and the subtler, barley there scents of the other patrons. He immediately saw Harry, waving enthusiastically at him from a booth on the left. Her guest’s back was to him, all John could see was long curly hair and narrow shoulders encased in a camel coloured coat.  His heart sped up a little, could it really be….
He never did though. In the Watson household, holding your tongue was one of the first things you learned to do.
The case had dragged on for two long weeks. It wasn’t supposed to, Sherlock had insisted that he’d have it wrapped up in three days at most. Then the sister turned out to have a secret lover, who turned out to be a suspect, who then went to his mother-in-law who then went to her best friend and then- and then- and then John had just stopped paying attention.
He’d just turned down Brentfield road when something tickled against the rays he’d sent out. Sherlock looked around eagerly, slowing steps to give the spell time to hone in on who it was. It would also give the person time to sense him. Anyone with a thread of magic in them could sense another magical being; so a full werewolf and a full mage meeting would definitely know each other on sight.
“She's fine.” John kept his eyes on his cup, his brow furrowed. “She’s off at a nurses’ conference in Dublin.”
Sherlock followed the motion of John’s hands, wiggling his tongue along the underside of his cock. John hissed above him and Sherlock’s cock twitched between his own legs. He lightly ran his hands up John’s slick legs, rubbing the hair the wrong way and enjoying the feel of hard muscle under soft skin. Sherlock wrapped a hand around the base of John’s shaft and stroked upward to meet his lips. John let out a deep groan and bucked his hips making Sherlock jump slightly. It wasn’t unpleasant, just a surprise. John gasped out something that sounded like an apology, but Sherlock paid him no mind. He was having
The title was superimposed over a picture of a beach, clearly taken a few decades ago. The shot they’d used made the hair on the back of John’s neck stand up. It was the same beach he’d ran across last night. He was certain of it. The same oddly shaped rock was there in the picture, just to the right of the title.
Sherlock felt a flush spread over his face and down his chest. He’d thought he had a good body before he’d met John, not out of arrogance, just pure fact. But with John looking at him like that, as if Sherlock was something to eat, he felt like preening for the first time in his life.
John was staring at him, brow furrowed. “I help you Sherlock, but you’re the detective. I just help out where I can and write them up.”
Sherlock propped his forehead against the shower wall, sliding his other hand over his thigh and between his arse cheeks. He bit his lips harder as his water slick fingers found his hole. He slowly glided his fingers over and around his entrance as Mind-John kept up his litany of praise.
“I’ll,” he gulped at what he was about to say, “I’ll talk to Sherlock and see if he’ll help. I’m sure he will.” John added, when he saw the look on Aashriya’s face. “Don’t worry Ash, we’ll help you,” he said, giving her hand a squeeze.
It was awful. His father had refused to let him buy the things he needed to get him through it, insisting, as he swayed drunkenly, that no son of his would take it up the arse. John had suffered for three days, alone in his room, stuffing himself with fingers and frantically tugging at his cock. It was nothing like the heats he’d seen in porn. His mind didn’t go blank with lust, and he was very much aware of just how much he ached to be filled and pleasured. His hind-brain screamed for something, anything to kill the craving with in him, while his forebrain (with a voice far too much like his father’s) rebelled against the thought.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say they had loads of time, but the nervousness in John’s voice stopped him. instead he had a cab ready and waiting as John darted out the door of 221, locking it behind him and hurrying into the cab. The cabbie was given the address and they were off.
His speech was careful, as if he wasn’t used to forming words. However his pronunciation was perfectly crisp.
Sherlock carefully looked around the alley. He motioned for John to stay behind him as the doctor caught up. Minchel was crafty and ruthless, the last thing they needed was for him to catch them off guard. He eased his way into the alley, keeping his eyes peeled. John stayed a few steps behind him, surveying the back and their left, while Sherlock took care of their front and right.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at the move. He saw what Ajay had really done of course, he just didn’t know why.
John grumbled in reply, his throat was parched and his head throbbed. A water bottle appeared in his field of vision, clutched in Sherlock’s huge hand. John could only blink stupidly at his own legs stretched out before him as Sherlock tipped the bottle against his lips.
view, of John’s toned torso. It was simultaneously the best and worst thing that had ever happened to Sherlock. The best because he could now see each, individual drop of sweat as they trickled between the grooves of John’s muscles, making him look slick and dangerous. The worst because his cock was making it known just how much Sherlock had enjoyed watching John exercise.
That night John dreamed of Sherlock again. Although, did it really count as a dream if it actually happened?
When he carefully pulled away, Sherlock was smiling softly, his eyes glowing. Unable to help himself, John stretched higher and planted a kiss on Sherlock’s nose. The detective blinked at him for a moment before chuckling softly and pressing a kiss to John’s cheek.
When they parted, John sat back smiling wide. The dragon rolled between them, squished from where it had been pressed between their bodies. John picked it up and carefully smoothened the wings into place.
Her voice had changed, as John was sure his had too, but it still had that same wry lilt to it that John had found so attractive in his youth. He still liked it, but he was surprised to find it didn’t have the same effect on him as it then.
“Easy love, easy.” John panted above him, his hands sliding into Sherlock’s hair and guiding him back gently.
Sherlock swallowed and forced his mind to focus on John’s words. “I’ve kissed people, but not for the romance of it, for the work,” he said, gently running his hands up John’s back and enjoying his shiver.
As she got closer Sherlock could see she was mid-thirties, took personal care seriously, was fairly well off and had an office job. She was a friend of the bride and had a pet cat.
“John, that was amazing!” he said, wrapping his arms tight around John’s back, not caring about the come smeared between them.
Sherlock laughed, a low sound that made John think of the jaguars he’d seen at the zoo. “Is that what they call us now?”
After, as they lay twined together, Sherlock’s head pillowed on his chest, John had thought about saying it then. He didn’t. John thought they had all the time in the world, and he wasn’t going to rush such a large step in their relationship.
With a sigh, he banged the tray of chicken onto the counter, knocking over the cutting board piled high with salad fixings in the process. He lunged for the falling board and just managed to grab one end of it. The heavy board tipped sideways, the lettuce and tomatoes on top sliding dangerously. Sherlock wrenched his wrist upward, throwing his arm out straight in a vain attempt to hold it. The move brought his other arm in close to his body, causing the hot pan of chicken to brush against his side. With a yelp, Sherlock flinched violently and both pan and board went crashing to the ground.
he had foolishly believed that he and John would finally get their time together. That they would finally be able to let the feelings between them grow and bloom, until they were ready to address it.
Sherlock stared at him, his mind whirling and adrenalin surging through him. He tightened his arms around John’s shoulders and nodded, tipping his head down so John could reach.
John took one last look at the glossy surface of the water before turning around. “Yeah, I was just enjoying the ocean air. Was about to come in, actually.”
The waitress set their drinks and Devaki’s lunch down, interrupting her. After their drinks were set down and they all assured the waitress they were fine they were left alone again. Sherlock glanced around them and cast a quick privacy spell. The last thing they needed was anyone over hearing a conversation about werewolves.
. Everything he’d been feeling for John was looking right back at him from John’s warm, smiling eyes.
Luckily for Sherlock, John hadn’t seen him yet. He stood in place, fists curled in close to his chin. As Sherlock watched in rapture, John jabbed his fists forward sharply, executing a series of perfectly controlled punches.
Sighing, Sherlock scrubbed a hand through his hair and griminced. He’d showered after he’d gotten back to the flat last night, but the long hours in front of his laptop had left him feeling greasy for some unfathomable reason. He stood, stretched and took a gulp from his mug, cringing at the cold, stale coffee. He trudged over to the bathroom and hoped in the shower. The last thing he wanted was another meeting with Ajay when he was half dressed and disgusting.
John’s only reaction was lift of his eyebrows. After all these years together he was still impressed by Sherlock’s deductions, but not shocked by them anymore.
The night, after forcing down some dinner with Mike, John sat on the porch and watched the waves slap against the wall in front of him. The day had been shit. After embarrassing himself in front of the harbormaster, John had hobbled around town aimlessly until his leg was screaming in pain. He’d been forced to sit down on a questionably stained bench and ask Mike to pick him up there when his shift was over. Now here he sat, staring into the ocean and trying to count the pinpricks of ships’ lights in the distance.
John stood up so fast the table wobbled. He staggered out of the booth and toward Sherlock, arm out stretched. He had to touch, had to know if he was real.
Sherlock jumped a mile at the sound of John’s voice. He was standing at the window, violin poised to play. He’d been standing there for the better part of an hour, but so far he hadn’t played a single note. His mind was cluttered with images of John, strong and sexy as he fought. The competence and ease of his movements. His roguish smile. The strength behind each of his moves.
“I’m afraid so Dr Watson,” Nathan said, as the ambulance started to move, “You’ll need IV to rehydrate.”
Usually, he hated waiting and being out of the action. But for John’s happiness, waiting didn’t seem tedious at all.
They sat down and placed their orders when the waitress reappeared. A bit of an awkward silence fell, well it was awkward for Sherlock, Devaki and John were sniffing at each other and if John’s tail were present Sherlock was sure it would be wagging.
The confession brought relief rather than fear. What ever happened now John would never regret saying this to Sherlock.
John felt himself bristle. It was so typical of an alpha, giving him orders as if he couldn’t take care of himself.
The hope was strong in John’s eyes now. “No, no. I’ll do it. Don’t want you feeling like my secretary.”
Ajay rolled his eyes, “Cut the shit. You know what I mean. He was jealous of me, probably felt a bit inferior given the Eton route. All in all, I’d consider our roose a success.”
He let out a ragged cry as John’s lips closed over his nipple, the delicate flick of his tongue a delicious counter point to the firm thrust of his fingers. Sherlock’s skin was on fire, white sparks dancing behind his eye lids as John tormented him in the best possible way. His pleasure notched higher and higher which each glide over his prostate and lick to his nipple, but his orgasm sat tauntingly out of reach. He was so,
“Did he hit you?” John asked, his words were calm, but Sherlock could hear the steel underneath. He knew that if Minchel had hurt him in any way he’d be leaving the alley worse for the wear.
John gasped and the man turned to face him, looking startled. Their eyes met for a breath before he dove back underwater.
Sherlock froze for the briefest of seconds before he was kissing John back. His arms slid around John’s waist, pulling the doctor closer and almost onto his lap. John’s hands gently cupped Sherlock’s face, guiding him as their mouths slid together, softly, softly.
He blinked hard in confusion. Something scratchy was rubbing against his cheek and it was far far too bright to be Baker Street.
“And that mouth,” John continued, dragging a thumb along Sherlock’s plush lower lip. “This mouth has had me hooked for
That defiantly meant it was serious, the last time Harry had looked like that was at Sherlock’s funer-
Sherlock gulped and nodded, wrapping his arms weakly around John. He could feel his cock, hot and hard against his belly.
“Here’s what we’re going to do.” John said, when he’d pulled back, “I’m going to take a shower, and you are going to lie in that big bed of yours and wait for me. Then I’m going to take. You. Apart.”
The next morning, Sherlock sat at the table in 221b. A plate of toast with a single bite missing and a full cup of coffee sat at his elbow. The coffee had long gone cold and a film had settled over the top.
Turning around, Sherlock saw John a few paces behind, looking into a shop window with a faraway look on his face. In a swirl of his coat, that certainly wasn’t on purpose, Sherlock strode back to John’s side to see what had put such an odd mix of melancholy and fondness on his face. He glanced between the window and John, then back again. John seemed to be staring at a huge, plush, dragon stuffy. It was one of those with a long tail and floppy wings meant to be draped over a bed head. Sherlock had had one himself when he was younger. In fact, he was willing to bet money it was still curled around his bedhead in his childhood home. His father was sentimental in that way.
He held Sherlock’s face gently between his hands and took a moment to just look him, taking in the familiar features that were somehow made new by the shift in their relationship. Now he could kiss those eyelids, that nose, those cheekbones…
Sherlock nodded, snatched the cup from Ajay’s hand and stalked into the kitchen. He banged around in the cupboards until he found the bottle of whiskey he’d gotten from Mycroft last christmas and two clean glasses.
Ajay flicked a glance at the kitchen door and winked at Sherlock. ‘Show time’ he mouthed before fixing a friendly smile onto his face.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock pulled off a glove and gently traced the bruise over John’s jaw, titling his face up to see it better. John swallowed hard, his heart and mind racing. This close, Sherlock’s scent enveloped him, making him feel comforted and safe.
Sherlock shivered hard and tried to pull John in for another kiss. The doctor resisted with ease and caught Sherlock’s wrists in one hand and pinned them easily behind his back. Sherlock arched in John’s grip, this was surpassing every single fantasy he’d ever had. His head swam at the sheer amount of strength he felt in John’s hold. John wasn’t hurting him by any means, but the amount of power he felt in the doctor’s grip had him hardening in his pants.
Holding John’s gaze, Sherlock swiped his thumb through the come on his chin and licked it off. John’s eyes darkened and glinted in the low light of the bedroom.
John swallowed hard at the sound of Sherlock’s voice. How many nights had he lain in this same bed and wished he could hear that deep baritone again? He shook his head, now was not to time to get sentimental. The man had lied to him for two years, he’d made John think he was dead.
John couldn’t help the bark of laugher that escaped him at Sherlock’s continued ignorance of the detective inspector’s first name, “Lestrade! You said something about the price of his umbrella.”
“You have rights to an attorney, Hoija,” Lestrade interjected, becoming alarmed by the turn of conversation, stepping forward.
Anderson seemed unable to look at him, choosing to stare at his feet instead, “You were pretty insistent… last night…”
“You can come home with me, to Baker Street, John. You… don’t have to live alone. You don’t have to be alone. Just wake up, please, and we can go where ever you like.”
In the quasi-darkness of the London streets, strange lights and shadows cast by the electric night, John's inebriated brain somehow transformed the narrow form of a running Anderson in his black, flapping trench coat. John felt like he was flying across the pavement, weightless and running on his toes, after the quick, rakish shadow of his best friend in the whole world, one Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock was still M.I.A., probably showering. That was when I heard the tea kettle whistling its readiness. Tea sounded fantastic. I walked to the kitchen and set the gift on the table. I commenced to preparing the brew.
The strings and lacquered shards sliced his hands up, cracking to pieces even as his heart did the same, splintering, dying in torturous fury.
He sat low in his red chair, hand curled loosely around an empty tea cup perched on his thigh. He put his other elbow on the arm of chair, and propped his head in his palm. His bare ankles were crossed, legs extended before him.
John understood the question. Veterans could recognize eachother pretty much anywhere, even without the military pins and badges, “Afghanistan.”
He continued: “Nothing too interesting. Not important. Ah, here it is,” He accepted the bag of food with a thanks and a nod. He really was in rare form.
John was stunned to find himself actually mulling it over in his mind. He was further surprised to realize how badly he wanted to accept the offer.
“Hoo-hoo,” called Ms. Hudson as she popped into the flat, carrying two gift bags, one in each hand, “Oh, dear.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock hesitated a moment, then took a step, and then another, endearingly awkward and innately graceful.
It was in a Serbian dungeon that Sherlock had let himself weep, once, for John. He had not considered, ever, not for the briefest of moments, how his suicide had affected John. Sherlock had only wept for the ache of missing his companion.
Lestrade glared at Sherlock, then at me, then back to Sherlock, “First case in weeks, you couldn’t have taken it a bit easy.”
“John, dear! It’s good to see you back here,” Ms. Hudson greeted me and approached. We both stared at the elephant because… how could we not?
Sirens were sounding in the distance. I did not have to run to my prey. He did not seem to notice me, his sooty face a twist of rage and singular focus: get Sherlock. That was enough to get my blood up.
Curt watched Sherlock with hungry wonder, the intense emotion playing across Sherlock’s pale face. He put his own hands at the bony crests of Sherlock’s pelvis, applying a pressure that would surely bruise, aligning their erections and providing one, long, slow grind that sent the room tilting away from them. The move elicited a deep-throated moan from Sherlock that made the hairs on Curt’s spine stand on end.
Only a case would bring Sherlock here, John told himself. As fond as Sherlock was of certain live music and theater, John just could not reconcile Sherlock’s personal interest in a staged review of scantily clad, multi-cultural performers.
“Testing on the pendant has been postponed until Dr. Lennon returns my texts. I decided to come have a chat with Curt about Arthur Stuart.”
Clothes and hair drenched from the downpour, John had hailed a cab in good time, but there was no fully escaping this rain. On the cab ride over, John vacillated between the concept of Sherlock as a free entity, and Sherlock as a vulnerable addict.
Instead, John took a deep breath as if he were about to jump into a pool, “I need to tell you… I… I slept with someone.”
“FINE! Yes, I do,” the army doctor snapped, looking sharply at the world’s only consulting detective, voice dropping then to a gravelly tone, his throat closing around the words, “I love you. Always have, I think… just…”
Sherlock scooted his feet closer to John’s until his pinky toe grazed the soft skin of John’s foot. He looked back up to John’s eyes, making sure they were still closed. They were.
There was a bump of teeth and artless kissing before John forced them a few centimeters apart, “No one hears about this, yeah?”
Sherlock’s smile was a surprise, and it was brief. Energy seemed to build around him, charging the air between them, “Good. Now. Tell me about Arthur Stuart.”
“Yes,” John hissed. He took a deep breath and stared at that haughty face, hated it. Hate would not get him answers, though. He let go of his rage with his exhalation. He unfurled his hands with great effort, "We need to talk... please.”
It was then that I noticed it. I unthinkingly dropped the bell in absolute surprise, and it jangled merrily across the floor. I approached the middle of the room and stared at what now hung on the wall over the couch.
Mycroft’s text alert chimed, and he rolled onto his side, and reached over to the nightstand. Bleary eyed and uncoordinated with lack of sleep, he retrieved his phone and blinked at it in the quasi darkness afforded him by the blackout drapes over the tall windows.
“Deserve better?” Sherlock mimicked in response. He made an “ugh” sound and declared, “Boring.” -- with a wave of his hand. Sherlock went to find the jar that held John’s favorite tea blend.
Curt studied John’s face, gaze dark and intense. The doctor was a stranger to him but the rigid expression, the pain in his sapphire eyes was so recognizable that Curt almost hurt to see it. He recognized it because that pain was his own, the pain of Love Betrayed. The anger, too, was something Curt found resonated with him, to the bone.
Sherlock opened his eyes abruptly and faced Curt with such speed that the blonde jumped back and hit the counter behind him.
At hearing Curt’s name, Sherlock seemed to falter. He curled his fingers so tightly in his pockets that his nails left crescents in his palms. He was grateful John had brought the jacket. He looked over to John, as if needing to see he was still there.
He stutter-stepped to a stop, noticing exactly where he was. He was two streets over from a certain music shop wherein a beautiful woman worked. What had been her name? Mavis? Malorie?
“You don’t need seducing, do you? You don’t play… games,” he tilted his chin down, head cocked slightly to the side.
“Doctor Watson was just waiting for us here. The suspect ran right into him. It’s not anyone’s fault, really, except maybe Newton but you can’t blame a man for his theories.” At which point, Sherlock produced from his coat a dirty, bundle of canvas. He unwrapped it to reveal a small, stone statue of a squat, naked man who was unreasonably well-endowed. Meaning, it had an enormous erection.
“Fuck, fuck!” issued two more shouts followed by a string of words in a language John did not recognize. It was the same voice he’d heard upon his approach to the crime scene. She was almost as tall as Sherlock, her bare feet were cut up and bleeding. No surprise there. There was broken glass all over the place.
The ice water seemed to burn his throat. Oh, shit. It wasn’t the ice water. Tears threatened to mount at the edges of his eyelids. He cleared his throat and looked down into the cup. He almost strangled on the rage.
John frowned, no longer looking at the man. He glared hard into his empty tumbler, beginning to seethe a bit.
These memories were intrusive, and unwelcome! He pushed it away with an aggravated grumble. He needed a shower. And he needed to get dressed. Curt would be here by noon.
Sherlock seemed to be recovering somewhat from his spooked state. His mind all but sparkling in the late afternoon gloom. The rain had dissipated. It was misting now.
The paramedic held out a blanket. The soaked tank top left nothing to the imagination. And while John was freezing, Hoija wasn’t showing the slightest bit of discomfort. John assumed she must be in shock. Hoija refused the blanket kindly enough. The paramedic shrugged and left.
He was studying my face. I could feel him watching me as he responded, “Ah, yes. Well... [a breath] There’s that.”
“I know you do,” Anderson responded, hands deep in the pockets of his coat. He had let his facial hair grow as well as the hair on his head. He looked wan, and jumpy. He could not hold John’s eyes for too long, but he continued despite his apparent anxiety, “I can't let you. It was me who took your jacket. I did it. I've regretted it every minute since.”
John’s desire built like a fire within him, licking at the walls of his viscera. His mind began to narrow down to a single point. The minutia of Sherlock’s physical form began to make themselves known to him.
The doctor cleared his throat, and proceeded in a casual way, “So, do you think Mycroft is… you know…”
“Uh, yeah,” the forty year old rock star was unaccompanied but for a cab that idled behind him at the kerb.
Someone, the archer presumably, swatted her hand away from the arrow. She apparently had tried to rip the arrow out without conscious effort. Unfortunately for her, she was too weak to try again. She slumped over, cracking her head again on the wrought iron of the fire escape.
Mycroft was seated behind his desk. John did a quick sweep of the lair with his eyes, and noticed the two, well-dressed men standing quietly to either side of the chaise. They were obviously bodyguards of some sort. He gave a mirthless half-laugh.
And what form had all of that Need taken? Why, it had taken the form of John Watson, sans jumper. Sans pretty much everything but a pair of camouflage trousers bloused over dusty combat boots. There were stripes of fresh blood on his boots. Strange.
Morning light wrecked into the bedroom through the icy window panes of Sherlock’s old bedroom. The light lanced into John’s brain, hangover at full throttle, creating a deep, gnawing pain that had him grabbing at the bedclothes. A warm body revealed itself under his left hand. He jerked up, and too quickly. The room spun wildly. John took deep, cleansing breaths, slowly blowing the air out through his pursed lips.
Remembered images of the dance he had witnessed emboldened him. The surreal experience now informed his choice to go forward with an experiment of his own. Sherlock had basically said that he had performed the dance for him, for John. John’s utter disbelief and shock was rapidly being replaced with a heady awareness of Sherlock’s elusive sexuality being directed at him. Of all people, Sherlock had chosen John. Wonder of wonders!
John swallowed. His legs felt like jelly. While keeping an eye on Sherlock, he shifted to sit on the coffee table in front of the sofa.
“How’s that going to work since it is… covered… in…” but John stopped, seeing that the kitchen had been thoroughly cleaned. He blinked, looked to his flatmate, “Did Mrs. Hudson do that?”
Mycroft’s face did not give away his true thoughts. He seemed to make a quick, calculating decision, “That was rather stupid of him.”
John bowed his head, breath coming in great draughts. The world swirled. His blood went to his feet.
Curt sighed, knowing full well that Sherlock hadn’t heard anything he’d just said, “That man wants you, Sherlock. Like, in a life or death kind of way. Like air. He fucking freaked when he saw us together. You obviously feel something for him, too. And I am
As ever, when Sherlock was less than absolutely confident, I felt my own self bolstered, become resolute and forward. I maintained eye contact, gauging his reaction. I uncrossed my arms, and reached a hand out to his sternum. My fingers felt his warm skin, and then I pressed my palm there, over his heart. It thudded hard in his rib cage. The sensation thrilled me.
Sherlock let him. The detective’s eyes seemed older but shone all the more for it. Their color was almost fluorescent silver-green in the cold glow of the day. Despite his world weary countenance, John doubted he had ever seen anything that had brought such an immediate sense of satisfaction. Maybe a sunrise in Afghanistan had once made him feel this way. Its stark beauty heralded another day alive, another darkness survived. That was Sherlock to John.
John stilled and finally turned his head to face him. Sherlock met his gaze for a brief second before looking back at the sheet. John cleared his throat, sounded out the sounds, and managed to breath quietly, “Rrr…ah-r—are…oh-y-ou?”
John inhaled slowly, naturally relaxing as Sherlock’s breathing became more prominent over the pain. But then a nerve flared up in his arm, jolting him out of his state briefly. John winced and started to fidget again, the pain coming back and worsening.
“The surgeon got the tumor out, John.” Sherlock said calmly. “There was a little bit of bleeding but they fixed it. Erm, your kidneys are a bit slow but you’re should be fine. You’ll be okay."
John processed this, and with a dreading feeling, he shook his head, instinctively bringing his arms over his abdomen to keep their hands away. “No—no, M’fine.”
“Moran escaped. On the way to the embassy his car was rear ended, both U.S. agents were shot and killed.”
Sherlock paced around in his room, his fingers brought up under his chin. So far, he could tell that the couple currently in his sitting room arguing had been separated when he and John first met, and most likely had been for a long time. The thought that he was just revenge, or just a literal sense of
“I’m fine.” Sherlock leaned forward and pressed his lips to their conjoined hands. John lifted his hand and ran it through Sherlock’s curls, trialing it down and caressing his cheek.
what people think. It doesn’t matter to me. So you can leave now,” Sherlock snapped before he could stop himself. He gulped when he realized what he said and turned his back away from the look of hurt on John’s face he managed to catch a glimpse of.
John coughed, and blood spurted from his mouth. “IthurtsSherlockdidyouhearme? IsaiditItoldyouIloveyouSherlock…
Thank you everyone who has left comments! It means so much to me, and so I've decided to update earlier than I planned. I hope you enjoy :)
The doctor stilled and his eyes widened. After comprehending what Sherlock told him, he nodded. “Is he a patient of Dr. Shepherd’s?”
“Open this door!” Sherlock demanded. As Mycroft pulled his keys out, a small foot slammed against the door, breaking it open. Sherlock glanced at Kim, who only smirked.
“Well then, I think I’ll be going to bed. I can carry you up, but you don’t have to go to sleep right away.”
