The question now becomes clear: where’s the war that’s given Stark his mandate? Of Stark is neither a superhero, due to the lack of war, nor a mutant, due to his lack of an X-gene, he lacks a mandate for action. Iron Man has been spotted at the site of several violent altercations both in the Middle East and in the US, but is not restrained by either national or international law, and can thus act with impunity. At this point in time, the obvious classification of Iron Man is a vigilante. Vigilantism, the diligent reader will recall, is illegal, and for good reason. Citizens taking the law into their own hands without the expertise of our first responders and legal officials are sure to undermine, rather than strengthen, the rule of law. Essentially, Iron Man is either an open invitation for any idiot with a spandex suit to take “justice” into his own hands, or an admission that those with money and power can do as they please.
STARK - Howard Anthony Walter and Maria Collins Carbonell are proud to announce the birth of their son, Anthony Edward Stark. Anthony was born on May 29th weighing 7 pounds and measuring 18 inches. Visitors are asked to call ahead.
Ok, it looks like there'll be a regular updating schedule of once a week on Wednesday. I'm planning on going back after everything is posted to do edits and add more media, because right now is kind of busy for me.
Edit 7 Jan: correction of a spelling error. Also, to clarify: I made Derrick Tohmas up. To my knowledge, he doesn't exist. He's representative of the actual members of the Vietnam Veterans Against the War, who, like the name implies, were veterans protesting against protracted US military action in South-East Asia.
The fact that we cannot categorise Stark at first appears to be something of a trivial aspect. After all, one would say, a thing is not changed by its label. It does not matter whether we consider Stark a mutant or a superhero, especially since the man himself would probably resist either classification. This would, however, be grossly underestimating both the symbolic and physical impact of people like Stark and their counterparts like Iron Man. The symbolic impact is obvious - if Stark is a superhero, this gives him a certain authority, as well as an implied mandate for physical action. Captain America acted on a mandate given to him by Command, which in turn had a mandate to give orders because the USA had declared war on Nazi Germany. Although the US is embroiled in several conflicts abroad, including that in Afghanistan where Iron Man was allegedly first created, Stark carries no such mandate. This would not change even if it were revealed that Stark carries the X-gene. Mutants, after long decades fraught with tension, are now required to be taught and schooled in their powers, and cannot carry out violent actions without belonging to an officially recognised group - of which there exists only one, the X-Men, who are mostly concerned with policing their own kind.
Super-heroism is neither new nor limited to America. The most famous person we tend to think of as a ‘superhero’ is Captain America, the propaganda figure turned war hero who, as was revealed in a groundbreaking series of government leaks, was also the subject of a government experiment on creating superhumans. He is considered the first modern superhero because of these two characteristics. He is a hero because he, amongst other various feats, single-handedly rescued over 300 allied soldiers from a German interment camp, and crashed a bomber carrying dangerous material to prevent an attack on Manhattan. He is “super” because, although he began life as a (somewhat sickly) baseline human, and was (as far as we know) not a bearer of the X-gene found in mutants like Charles Xavier, a famous scholar and mutant advocate, after Project Rebirth he had baseline strength at least two and a half times that of a standard human, as well as enhanced endurance. Since Captain America, there have been few such figures, mostly because the science required to create him has been lost to history. What was thought to be an attempt to recreate the super-soldier serum, as the procedure is known, resulted in the destruction of a significant part of Culver University’s Science Campus by a rampaging green beast known only as “Hulk” in 2005.
There are no examples that I can draw on here to illustrate just how devastating the consequences of this would be. With the exception of the troubles with mutants in the late 1960’s and 1970’s, the consequences of which have been resolved and legalised, our country has a strong history of resting on it’s democratic foundation and allowing the law to mete out justice in due course. In order for this to work as it has, we hold faith that the legal system is fair, both in the sense of equal punishment for equal crime, and in that of punishment in proportion to the crime. Justice, the personification of the law, is always portrayed with a blindfold because the law must apply equally to all men and women - this is one of the founding principles of our modern society, that everyone is created equal. While we may not live in a post-racial society, as some would like it to be, the guarantee that the law, at least, sees only your actions is a powerful thing. Vigilantism, enacted by individuals, and not the legal system, automatically voids this blindness principle. An individual, even if they were truly “good” and “heroic,” is inevitably biased. Even leaving aside the moral issue and focusing only on practicalities, a vigilante cannot enforce equal punishment as the State, with greater resources and reach, can.
Captain America was at first a stage performer who raised enthusiasm for war bonds. He was then sent to the Italian front to raise the morale of the troops, but Rogers was meant for more than wooden guns and paper shields. On November 3rd 1943, he coordinated and lead a rescue mission to free over 300 Allied POW’s from a German internment camp, amongst them his childhood best friend, James Barnes. His spectacular success lead to him being placed in charge of a group of special forces, the “Howling Commandos,” which enjoyed some of the highest allied mission success raids. Rogers, called a tactical mastermind by his superiors, carried out over a hundred raids on German bases and outposts. His bravery, well-known amongst the men at the front, manifested itself when he boarded a German airplane headed for the continental USA. To save millions at home, he made the ultimate sacrifice and brought the plane down over the arctic ocean.
LONDON - Everyone’s favorite inventor and businessman was seen last night partying it up in London. Stark, spotted near the ME London, clearly had something to celebrate. SI is making him one of the richest people in the world. Although his net worth is undisclosed, it’s estimated to be in the billions at this point. He was in London to receive the prize Clifford Patterson Medal and Prize, which he won because of his work in energy physics. However, it seems like Stark swapped out one prize for another! We’re not sure who these lovely ladies are, but we bet that Stark would want to study their energy all right - enthusiastically, from the way Stark is pretty much undressed. Obadiah Stane, who runs SI for Stark, reportedly doesn’t much care that his wunderkind likes drinking better than inventing - which he likes a whole lot. Stark was never arrested for possession of illegal substances, but the playboy is known for liking his fun. When our reporters asked him the morning after about the events the night before, Stark stated that he liked his social time the way he likes his science: “involving hazardous substances and preferably naked.”
So. This fic is essentially an attempt to rewrite MCU canon up to the end of phase 3 from the point of view of a historian looking back. It'll contain some mixed media images especially once we get to modern times, so I don't recommend viewing this on mobile data.
The name of the author is a nod to my high-school history teacher, the single  most awesome teacher I have ever had.
Image editing and designing is... not something I'm great at, so especially as we get further into the modern age and visual media, chapter updates might take longer.
This brings us back to Tony Stark, who has declared himself Iron Man. By itself, this is not remarkable, although excited chatter from my more scientifically-minded colleagues tells me that Iron Man’s flight capabilities are extraordinary. What is puzzling is the attempt, and subsequent failure, to categorise Tony Stark and Iron Man. He is not a mutant, as far as we know, and Iron Man does not appear to require or use special mutant capabilities, unless they are those of flight. Neither does Stark appear to have been enhanced somehow. He is not superhuman, except if one considers genius a superhuman trait. So far, these are the only two words we have (and have needed) to describe people who can do things normal people cannot.
I'm aware that the image is from Iron Man 2, which happens after this, but I couldn't find a suitable one with the right dimensions from Iron Man 1 or beforehand.
If democracy sometimes seems slow and ambling, that is because it is weighted down with responsibility; if it sometimes seems callous and uncaring to the individual, that is because it watches out over society as a whole. It is vital to our nation that we preserve the institutions that uphold it. Nobody, not even Iron Man, should be able to avoid the law. Dura lex, sed lex.
MILYA STEVANOVICH: …food crisis is worsening. Red Cross is pushing for citizen’s support by way of a donation drive to reach-
On screen, all SHIELD tech that we see is super modern and streamlined. However, it's my headcanon that due to a decrease in federal defence funding and an increase in spending on those goddamn helicarriers a database update never quite got around to being approved.
More than a product of science, however, Captain America was a product of his time - both literally and metaphorically. World War 2 required new innovations in military technology, especially if these innovations could either prevent casualties or grant an advantage to allied soldiers - as the super-serum would have. Beyond that, the public image of Captain America was shaped by the propaganda performances required to sell war bonds and raise civilian morale for the war effort. After all, if there is no war, what is the use of a soldier?
The issue of proportionality is another one altogether. Our idea of vigilantism is based largely on literature, as it rarely occurs on a significant scale outside of fiction. In fiction, vigilantes are violent, but they are not killers. Out of the good of their hearts (or convenient alliances, or tragic pasts) they do not kill. However, fictional vigilantes are, without exception, violent in their attempt to remove injustices and “villains” from the world. Violence, as the modern film-going audience has become used to it, is sanitized, bloodless - with the obvious exception of horror-style crime movies like Pulp Fiction and the works of directors like David Cronenberg. It does not really bother us that violent justice has become a normative representation of justice, because we are so used to violence being a thing without real consequence. This is one of the reasons fictional vigilantes do not kill, as killing is an act with a definite consequence in the movie world. That being said, our real world is not like the movies. Even what we might be tempted to consider low-level violence has real and permanent consequences, and only inspires others to seek violent solutions to problems. This is the reason our justice system is not violent. Vigilantism thus undermines both justice and peace by perpetuating violence.
The times they are a-changing, and so is our history, folks! Leaks from inside the DoD concerning Captain America, representative of all that is good and just in our country (don’t laugh yet) seem to imply that the good Captain wasn’t fully human! We spoke to a source who’d seen the documents and understandably wishes to remain anonymous. He said that there was talk of a project by which Steve Rogers, previously a 5’7 asthmatic, would be turned into the giant bunch of muscles we all know and love. Scientists, amongst which was at least one German, turned Rogers into something that all eyewitness testimonies agrees went ‘far beyond human!’ Rogers supposedly could run faster, jump farther, and climb higher than any mortal man after the procedure that turned him into something else entirely. Although old propaganda films show that Rogers looks like a normal, if good-looking guy, we can’t be sure what was hidden away beneath that cowl and those tights. In hindsight, it seems typical that America’s number one soldier wasn’t as spick-and-span as we’d all like to think.
appreciated, especially as I'll be trying to write with a different voice each chapter. I'd love to know what you guys thing!
Yesterday, the nation celebrated as the bombing of Nagasaki brought about what has so long been desired: peace. Today, we mourn as the true cost becomes clear. There are no figures from the fronts yet as to the number of dead, but speculation can only be placed in the millions. Amongst all those heroes that gave their life to defend freedom and democracy, we honour one in particular. Captain Steven G. “America” Rogers was revealed today to have been killed in action on March 4th 1945, while stopping a German bomber from reaching New York.
Wars are won by having the best men on the front. Steven Grant Rogers was one such man. Brave, loyal, and patriotic, Rogers was everything that could be hoped for in a soldier. However, where the spirit was willing, the body was not. Rogers suffered from a variety of ailments since childhood, including asthma, weak blood pressure, and flat feet. This made him inapplicable for service in the military. Eager to serve anyway, he accepted the opportunity to participate in a classified military project aimed at healing soldiers injured in wartime. Rogers was seen as an ideal candidate not because of his physical disabilities, but because of his strength of spirit and conviction. Project Rebirth, lead by Jewish refugee Abraham Erskine, worked better than anyone had dared to hope for, not only eliminating Rogers’ health problems, but also bringing him to the peak of physical fitness. Unfortunately, a Nazi saboteur destroyed the equipment used on Rogers and murdered Erskine before another operation could be done. While he settled into his new state, Rogers agreed to tour the USA to sell war bonds, which allowed citizens to play a crucial part in driving the machine that defeated Hitler. After he was declared fit for duty, Rogers shipped out to the European Theatre. The rest of his story is known.
Howard Stark yesterday celebrated both his marriage to Maria Carbonell, and the initial public offering of his company, Stark Industries (SI), on the New York Stock Exchange. SI has quickly built a global reputation for building weaponry for the US military and other defence contractors. The IPO was expected to raise $25 per share. However, at the end of the day shares were trading at closer to $20, indicating investors doubt the long-term durability of SI. In a statement, business partner Obadiah Stane stated that the company needed time to “settle into its full potential.” Stark retains the majority of shares and as such full executive power. SI is a major US defence contractor and has so far made a profit every year since its establishment in 1956. Stark, who has long standing ties with the US military since WWII, was seen by our analysts to be in an ideal position to enter the weapons market. It remains to be seen how well he will fare.
The villain as it turns out to be is something better suited to a mystery novel. Steve has investigated strange happenstances before, but thus far has avoided being on a train since waking in this new century. It seems his luck has run out. Despite the fact that they have their own nicely appointed compartment, and this track is neither snowy nor particularly secretive, Steve feels frozen through.
Just as he begins to get melancholy about the prospect of never being able to make out with Steve while armored, the Seattle branch comes into view. When he arrives inside, the facility is dark. All the manufacturing bots are powered down, a strange thing even at three in the morning. Silent alerts blink everywhere as Tony tries to creep through the building as quietly as possible. Tony makes a mental note to work on a stealth armor. Thankfully the building is almost entirely empty; save for custodial staff and security which are not cleared for this area as it is. JARVIS assures him everyone still in the building is unharmed, but Tony still checks through every feed to make certain. Satisfied with the safety of his employees, he wends through the darkened halls. The envelope sits facing the basement reactor, placed atop a metal table with a hydroponic planter full of experimental seedlings meant to grow food even in the dark.
“Listen kid, you don’t know who you’re messing with, scram and we’ll forget all about that little insult.”  The taller of the two said.  He was a big burly bruiser with arms as big around as one of Steve’s legs.  The other guy was shorter, but broader in head and body.
“The way you say that I kinda get the feeling this has happened before.” There's a slight blush across Steve's cheeks. Tony fights the urge to poke them. Natasha just fixes them both with one of her unimpressed stares.
Tony was there alright. He was in a welding apron, standing in one of the manufacturing bays, dancing and building a brand new armor, it looked like. Steve stared at him through the blast rated glass. The whole lab was filled with brand new projects, Tony had been very busy. Steve shored up his bravery and knocked on the window.
“She’s strong. It’ll be okay, Steve.” Nat placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder. “I trained her to be a fighter.”
“Lu, come on out… it’s okay. You're beautiful… no matter how much you cry,” Peter told her from the other side of the door as he slowly opened the door. Going inside he sat down next to her. “You okay…? I know that was a bit much even for your dad…”
The group left taking Peter with them keeping the kids in the middle so there were no good pictures of them.
“The year the two of you were born. I figured you would want to join the family business. I even put your AI Karen in your suit.” Tony told him and smiled.
“No. It was a mistake that won’t happen again.” Bruce set a hand on his shoulder and smiled. “It’ll be okay. I promise.”
“O-okay, daddy.” He sniffled and let go of Tony slowly. Looking at his face Tony could tell Peter was hurt and confused.
Tony nodded and got dragged over to the table getting his legs cuffed to the metal table. “Do anything stupid you will get shot. Understand?!”
The limo went around the block twice before stopping to let the twins out. When Happy stopped the limo he got out and opened the door for the twins. Peter got out first holding his hand out for his twin. “Miss Imagine let’s do this.”
“Papa! Daddy!” Peter screamed at the top of his lungs while crying. The snot ran down his face while screaming louder.
All the loud noise was starting to make her senses blur. She couldn’t tell who was who. “Happy?! Pepper? Dad! Papa!” Hands grabbed her shoulder.
“Violet Maria Rogers-Stark. She gave me the same name knowing that it would be the names my fathers gave me.”
Today was the opening for the Avengers theme park. Everyone was there. Rhodey, Bucky, Clint, Sam, Natasha, Thor, Scott, Wanda, Vision, Dr. Strange, T'Challa, Bruce and Peter Quill. They were all in there fighting uniforms except Bruce since he didn’t want to destroy anything. Everyone had to learn their lines and when to speak.
“Luna, it’s Bruce. Are you okay?” Bruce whispered and helped her up so she would be sitting up against the couch.
“I’ll wait, I’ll wait… I love you like you’ve never felt the pain. I’ll wait. I promise you don’t have to be afraid. I’ll wait. The love is here and here to stay.”
Steve woke up that morning to find the bed empty. He walked down the two flights of stairs into the basement. That’s where Tony hid in his lab. Steve knocked on the glass window and smiled.
“Stuff. Tony gave her a boost. He just wants you to check her over.” Peter told him and looked around. Going over to the buffet Peter grabbed a roll and a bottle of water going back to his sister.
Going on the com she ‘placed’ in everyone's ears she spoke. “This is Miss. Imagine warning you to get off the monsters I believe there is a bomb in there mouthes getting ready to blow in ten seconds.” Jumping off the building Violet imagined bombs in each of the monsters mouths. “I imagine bombs in each of the monsters mouths!” Landing on her feet she ran over to where the other supers were waiting for the bombs to go off.
He was thankful that it was just Violet who smelled. He looked up at Tony and rolled his eyes. “Watch him, Tony. I mean it. Pepper is not here to make sure you aren’t forgetting him. Peter don’t let him buy a lot of things, okay?”
“Excuse me, Spiderman! Imagine! Have you two finally let your feelings out of the bag? Are you dating?!” The famous reporter Lois Lane asked the two.
“What’s up Peter?” Steve asked and sat next to him at the table and started eating the hard-boiled egg he made yesterday.
As they went into the reception hall Luna stayed back smiling watching everyone from Hogwarts, Peter’s school mates and her family all walked in front of her, and the students from Professor X’s school. She was happy for once that everything was going her way and it was about to get even better. She was ready to tell everyone her big secret.
“Yes, your honor. Violet let’s go.” The man stood putting his hand on her shoulder and began walking. Pushing her a bit to walk faster.
“Peter… she took you. All my fault. She took you away and dragged me off. I-I got to the airport and she drugged me.” Violet snapped her eye shut tightly. “Make it stop. Please make it stop. Peter run.”
Everyone was wearing different costumes and it was amazing. The only rule for the gala was to make sure you RSVP and have an original costume idea. No one as to dress up as the same or even come as Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, Iron Man, or Captain America. Luna didn’t think she was going to be able to handle it.
“DAD!” Luna screamed as she ran into the room. She was bleeding from her lip and head, but she didn’t care. “Thank god…”
“Sorry, but here I am,” Steve whispered and leaned over like he was gonna be sick. “Nat, what if she doesn’t want to see me? I told her I would come back in a week and it’s been four years now. What if she doesn’t want me?”
“No way in hell. You are not wearing a yellow jumper hugging your chest. You're better than that,” Steve told her with arms crossed his chest.
That’s all she had to say to get Thor to agree to help her sneak out of the hospital without Peter noticing. Thor flew them with his hammer in one hand and her in the other. He had the IV strapped to his back.
Bucky patted his shoulder and sighed. “Punk, you’ll be okay. She will be fine. Both of your children will be fine. I have one metal arm and I’m fine. She’ll just have two.”
Peter looked around and closed his eyes then looked at Fury interrupting him, “Excuse me, sir…  I am so sorry to interrupt, but we need to get out of here. The structure is starting to give out. I mean there was a monster that was above the hall, we should have realized it would do damage.”
Pepper pushed open the bookcase then shut it behind the girl before the bullet hit her in the back of the knee. Loki shot fire out of his staff and sent two men down after them. The first promise she gave to her bosses, best friends, we're going to come true first. She was protecting her niece at all cost. She was okay with dying for her niece.
“Sir there is nothing that was spoken of, but at the School of Arts, they are having a talent showcase. That is all day long.” Friday told them.
Tony woke up in a room laying on a cot. All he could feel was the little tube going down his nose and all the pain on his chest. The pain was the worst thing he has ever felt in his life his parent's death had this beat. Slowly Tony pulled the tube out of his nose while gagging. “Ew,” he whispered and slowly sat up.
The twins sat there as reporters and fans surrounded them. The twins sat there quietly while people asked them if their father was dead. “Leave us alone,” Peter told them in his best big boy voice.
Tony has asked Clint (the only married guy on the team) what he should plan for their honeymoon. Clint gave suggestions, but it helped Tony figure out what he wanted to do more than anything.
“Y-Yeah. See you back at the tower.” Steve followed Tony with Peter out to the car. “Tony, I want you to run a DNA test on her. She looks… I don’t know how to describe it.”
“How did you all get out of your chains?” Fury looked at them not knowing if he felt amazed or scared.
“Violet M. Rogers-Stark. There is a dash between Rogers and Stark.” Violet told her and leaned into Thor closing her eyes a bit.
“If I picture it I won’t be able to grab it. Peter, remember the first time this happened in Queens?” Violet asked and grinned.
“I’m fine. I promise it’s just a slight headache. I haven’t gotten sick nor have I lost feeling in anything.” Luna promised him and smiled.
It took the medical crew ten minutes to get Tony in the helicopter. Everyone joined them not caring about what Tony said. They told Tony that they were going to join them no matter what. The group knew that Steve was going to need support. Tony looked out the window the whole flight watching the sun slowly rise. The flight was five minutes.
When Luna she opened the door to the house and she knew right away something was up. She knew something was up when Uncle Clint and Aunt Natasha took her out to the park. Which was weird since she only sat on the swings and listened to everyone passing. It was one of her favorite things to do decides drawling or watching anime. Everything was clean and she didn’t hear the music coming from the lab overpowering the TV as normal. Or even the sounds of the TV on for a matter of fact. Jarvis said that they were at home. “Hello?”
“They're here!” Steve yelled and went to the front door opening it trying to wipe the baby drool from his shirt. “Afternoon.”
“I am a terrible husband and father. They are gonna get taken away aren’t they?” Steve asked in general.
Luna walked up to the stairs and back to her room where she stood in the doorway. “What’s going on…? A-are you… okay? Did something happen?”
“No. You have to come. We need to give you upgrades on that thing in your head. We also need to give you better arms. You can’t run a technology company with those low function arms.” Tony snapped. “And we all swore that family came first when you two took over.”
Tony went into there room and brought out the new member of their family the brown and black Airedale Terrier, Newt. They picked this dog out of all of them not just because the name was weird, but he was sweetest out of all of the dogs. The husbands sat on the couch with Newt in between them.
Peter came out with a suit like his father, but it was of his Spiderman suit with a Marti Gras mask. Of course, because Peter was only fourteen and didn’t come out to the public with his identity. And the world only found out six years ago that his dads were even married. “Dad! I! Love! This! Can I wear it to the prom?!”
Turning on the microphone she began to speak. “Man, seeing everyone’s original costumes is truly amazing. I am so in love with this event. Peter, this was the best idea you have ever had. We should do this every year. New costumes though. Together at the moment, we have raised over 24 million dollars for all children's cancer research. I will be having my company match every single penny you guys donate so please keep it coming.”
Parts of the dialogue in this chapter are taken from Avengers 15 from the 60s-be warned for some good old 60s bullshit if you go read the comic however.
“Never seen that before in my life.” Hammer says, voice cracking like a teen boy just hitting puberty.
Steve tilts his head, reaching out with his free hand to curl his fingers around one of Tony's hands.  Tony offers no resistance as he takes that hand and leans down to drop a kiss on the back of his wrist.
Jay. It's fine.” He mutters, reaching for the envelope. JARVIS' silence is telling as to what he thinks of Tony's decision. He very pointedly ignores that. Steve probably doesn't even know he's gone. It's three in the morning, prime time for sleeping supersoldiers. Even if some part of him does feel awful leaving him in the dark like this.
“You're always so warm.” Tony murmurs, eyes sliding shut when Steve nuzzles his cheek. “One day you have to let me study your biological processes.”
Steve huffs, pressing a kiss against the palm covering his lips. Tony's eyes crinkle at the corners, but the look of deep worry is still there when he speaks again.
“Might have but no one will believe you.” Steve says, grin becoming a grimace when he shifts his back up against a tree and it jars his arm. Iron man swears under his breath, rubbing Steve's shoulder and muttering to himself. The servos whir quietly, motions liquid smooth, Steve is grateful once more for Tony's engineering genius. The suit allows fine motor control, but it's also strong enough, precise enough for what is needed now.
"Man, shut the hell up,"  Sam calls from behind them, but it seems like Hammer is just picking up steam.
“Sure thing Sweetheart, but you better tell me if I'm too hard on your old bones.”  Steve says, leaning down to drop a tiny kiss on the tip of Tony's nose.  Tony just glares, hopping to his feet when Steve rolls from atop him and helps him up.
He wanted to tell him that, but he was aware that would sound too much like what he really wanted to say; I think I’m falling in love with you. “Hey, didn’t you hear? I’m a lousy liar.” He said instead.
The chocolates are delicious. Tony shares them with everyone present while perched atop Steve. The bright smile on his face doesn't fade even through the occasional sneeze. Watching him thumb wrestle Bruce for the mint truffle, Steve can't think of anywhere he'd rather be.
“Maybe” Steve admits with a shrug. “Maybe I've been doing a little reading too, this century sure has a lot of advice you can just go out and buy.” The thought of Steve standing in a bookstore looking through the self help section presents such a surreal picture that Tony's brain can scarcely comprehend it. Steve pauses as if mulling over what he's going to say next, as if he's weighing each thing he says with careful consideration. “I don't think you would hide anything because you wanted to hurt me some way.”
“Yeah, I sure do.” Maybe he sounds like a lovesick idiot all the time now, but Tony seems to like him anyway. Widow smiles over at him from her spot at the controls. Her real smiles are rare things, precious like gems. He thinks sometimes the team are the only ones she ever allows herself to be soft with. His team is safe and alive, bickering back and forth. Steve smiles to himself and lets his mind wander.
It's difficult to remember that with the way Steve's eyes are locked on his mouth, particularly when he presses his thumb against Tony's kiss swollen bottom lip. Tony lets his eyes close, let's his head fall back against the couch when Steve's hips settle between his thighs.
He wants to pull Tony's shirt up-see how bad it is and what injuries lie below soft worn fabric. That would be a grievous invasion of his privacy however, and Steve knows Tony would have every reason to hate him for it. With a start he realizes he's been clenching his jaw hard enough to see stars. He opens his mouth, working the joint and sighing.
They land shortly after that. The mansion is one of the biggest Steve has ever seen. It's opulent and more like a palace than a home. Technology is everywhere. He can hear the subtle hum of it in the walls, even in the floor. It's terrifying and fascinating all in one. Steve is struck by the enormity of all he has to see, all he has to learn. Daunting doesn't seem a powerful enough word. It's no wonder the Avengers who chose to do so live here. It seems very lonely to live in such a place alone. He wonders if Mister Stark did before the Avengers came along.
“God, I always fuck things up don't I?  I bet you're regretting your choices, I wouldn't blame you.” Tony says after a long protracted silence, misery coloring the words with hollowness.
“No pummeling please Thor. As funny as that would be, he would probably die.” Jan pipes up, saving Tony from saying the same. Thor looks kind of bummed out about not being able to smack Justin Hammer with an implement of the same name. Tony sympathizes.
The time finally arrived, a little less than a year after becoming Captain America, on the heels of receiving the shield from President Roosevelt himself-and gosh that had been surreal beyond imagining-he was introduced to one Bucky Barnes.  He was just a few years younger than Steve, former unofficial camp Le High mascot, and a mouthy, scrappy little alpha the likes of which a pre-serum Steve Rogers would have gotten along with like a house on fire.  He’d looked up at Steve as if he’d hung the moon in the sky, and Steve had vowed to keep him as safe as he possibly could.  Not that Bucky really needed his help, as it turned out.  He was a bigger handful than a bag of angry ferrets, a fantastic marksman, cocky and willing to jump into a fire for a friend at a moment’s notice-and Steve wouldn’t have had it any other way.
“I've...gotta go Pep. Call me if anything urgent pops up. Yeah don't worry, Cap is coming, he'll make sure nothing bad happens-he's responsible.” Tony's grin widens when Pepper takes that for the obvious lie it is.  “Oh ye of little faith, I can't believe you think Captain America is reckless.” From the sounds of it, Pepper is laughing in fond exasperation.  Steve snorts, throwing a leg over his bike and holding a helmet out to Tony.
“It is the twenty ninth sir, your date of birth, as Captain Rogers said.” Comes the quick answer. Tony blinks slowly, but doesn't offer anything up while Steve cleans them both up and tosses the wipes in the waste bin with perfect aim.
“Oh. He didn't have his hearing aides in.” Tony says, and Steve's eyes narrow. Oh god. Tweety and Cap are going to have a fucking face off about snack cakes, and Tony just came in his pants in the back of his jag. What is Tony's life? What is the world coming to?
They dance until it becomes obvious that Tony is getting tired.  He goes off to change into pajamas while Steve waits. It gives him time to wander around the penthouse.  There are few personal touches; a watch left undisturbed on a sleek mirrored table, a pair of slippers left forgotten in the living room, but otherwise the space has been meticulously cleaned.  Steve wonders if Tony cleaned it himself to maintain his secrecy. It seems like something he would do. His inspection ends with the discovery of a long window seat built into the east facing wall of glass.  It’s topped with dark velvety cushions, and enough padding to resemble a mattress more than a couch. Looking at it, he can imagine Tony sitting here, and upon sitting down he catches a whiff of the spicy cologne he knows so well.
“Night guys.” Tony waves, looking back over his shoulder at Steve; something like longing nests beneath his lashes. “Goodnight Steve.” He says, soft, cautious, and then he's gone, off to bed where he'll likely wake up at four in the morning to burn the candle at both ends again.
“How long?” Everything is strange, alien. Sleek metal, strange glowing things by his bed, a man in a metal suit that looks straight out of a science fiction novel, and that unshakeable sense that everything is wrong, that he closed his eyes and the world shifted around him while he was down in the water, frozen like some kind of ice age sculpture.  “How long was I asleep?” Everyone in the room seems to wince. Steve swallows thickly.
“Tony,”  He said, but he was already gone, the door to his part of the suite shut.  Steve swore quietly to himself.
“Thanks for the tea, I appreciate it, I’ll just uh,”  Steve didn’t need to say anymore, Jarvis nodded, backing towards the door.
“Oh god. JARVIS, tell me I didn't kick Captain America in the nads. I'll have to move back to the Malibu house. Good going Stark.” He likes it here in the Avengers mansion, but if he's given Steve the old Tony Stark PTSD special he's not going to be able to look the man in the face. He supposes that's what hanging around as Iron Man is for. They won't even know he's here.
“Darling-”  Tony bursts out laughing, the sound as pleasant and spine tingling as it always is.  “I have the armor; if you really want me to channel my inner ugg the caveman then rest assured, where there’s a will there’s a way.”  The thought of that, of Tony in the armor, picking him up and tossing him on the bed, makes his mouth go dry. Steve swallows a few times, then very deliberately pilfers another bite of their salad.  “Terrible.” Tony laughs. “Can’t take you anywhere; what a menace. Come over here and chop some potatoes before you eat all of our starter.”
He thinks, blinking slowly as his television self takes pictures with math and sciences scholarship recipients. Some of the kids look barely out of elementary school, holding up drawings and renderings of a sleek suit of gold and red armor.
SHIELD shows up about ten minutes later to cart their unfortunately dressed villain off in power dampening cuffs. Tony watches him go, the guy is still unconscious, probably concussed-he doubts gravity powers did anything to make the guy's skull more sturdy, but he probably should have thought of that before trying to become lord of the waffle cones or whatever his goals were.  His bad luck that some of the Avengers' heaviest hitters answered the call.  He almost feels bad for the guy, he hadn't stood a chance.
“That's much better, I've got dibs on the right side!” Jan calls, launching herself into the pillow pile with a whoop of glee. The other Avengers soon follow-Clint being tossed in with a shriek when he expresses distaste for the flowery blanket on his side of the pillows. When everyone has settled, just one spot large enough for two remains open. Thor gives him a thumbs up and a very obvious wink, luckily Tony is turned away, slipping out of his armor to walk around the cargo bay in the flightsuit that has filled many of Steve's imaginings.
him makes the crash back to earth that much worse.  “Let's get you home, I bet Happy will have the limo around in no time.”
happy for him, if Tony found someone good for him, someone kind, a partner he could count on, a good protector, someone who would treat him with the affection and care a person like him deserved. It wasn’t that he thought Tony couldn’t take care of himself, he was Iron Man, a real brainiac, a hero, but heroing could be very lonely, Steve knew that better than anyone. He hoped Tony’s hypothetical partner had a good solid glare they could level at annoying schmucks at parties, he hoped they’d be as good to him as Steve wanted to be, if he were brave enough to make his feelings known.
He only realizes when it's too late, and the team is split in two. Tony's absence aches like a bruise. Steve never put much stock into the concept of soulmates, but there's no denying the draw Tony has for him. He misses him like a phantom limb, feels the empty space beside him every time he makes a decision with the team. Being apart from Tony hurts more than anything he's ever experienced. The only thing that makes it bearable is the thought that this isn't permanent. He has no intention of staying at SHIELD indefinitely. Fury seems to know too when he sends their team after the others.
Buoyed by Pepper and JARVIS' approval, he picks a red button up, and a pristine pair of black slacks, tossing the old clothes into the laundry chute on his way out of the closet. If there's one thing he misses with his whole secret arc reactor business it's wearing comfortable t-shirts out in public. No matter how slim he makes the chest plating, how snugly the lip of the reactor sits against his chest; it's still too noticeable under thin cotton for his particular brand of paranoia. There have been many an op-ed piece concerning Tony's sartorial choices post Afghanistan. Speculation as to why he's almost always in a suit when out in public as opposed to the more casual looks he used to favor abounds.
Steve drops his ankle, unbuckling his seatbelt to crawl up between Tony's slightly spread thighs. They fall apart a little further to make room for the breadth of Steve's body, Tony's head tipping up when Steve leans over him.
"I would really suggest you shut up now, Justin.  Or oh boy are you going to regret it!"  Jan yells.  She's tiny now, fluttering around the bars with her Wasp's Stingers pointed in zapping position. It falls on deaf ears though.  Hammer is fully in his performance now.  He's right up against the bars, staring into Tony's eyes with the same sort of overblown confidence he always has.
He still dreams of that sound, of reaching, of his arms being too short and his enhanced speed meaning nothing in the end. Not enough not enough not enough.
“Gonna make a mess, that's not regulation.” Steve mutters, only to cut off in a moan when both of Tony's hands wrap around his cock.
“You want a kiss here?” He asks, brushing his lips over Tony's cheek. “Here?” He continues, kissing the tip of Tony's nose, laughing quietly when Tony's eyes cross trying to track the motion.  “Or here?” He taps Tony's lips, just barely managing to contain his smile when Tony's eyebrows shoot up in surprise.
“Sorry, thought I heard Shellhead around, wanted to come down and see if he was up for a spar. You look dead on your feet though, want bed?” The rumble of Steve's voice resonates against Tony's ear where he's plastered himself against Steve's front.
It hits Iron Man like the strike of a Cobra, all fluid deadliness and speed. Even Steve's enhanced senses register only a blur of glittering black before it's on the armor. He's moving without a thought, running towards Iron Man as the thing screeches and pins Iron Man to the ground with freakish strength. It's huge, the length of it still mostly hidden by the cave, with rows of grasping legs, and long spiny horns cresting from a maw full of razor sharp teeth. It looks almost like a dragon, but Steve has never seen any book about knights with anything like this in it.
That thought gets even more traction when Steve buries one hand in Tony's hair and tugs at it.  Tony sets his teeth on Steve's bottom lip to suck biting kisses there, moaning shamelessly and clinging to Steve's broad shoulders when Steve pulls his hair again, very carefully but firmly tugging his head back to mouth down his neck.
“Baby, so beautiful, oh, yeah, you're going to make me come, aren't you? You're so good to me, so sweet, and big, and pretty,” he words sound tight, strained, the way Tony sounds when he's right on the edge, and Steve whines, rocking more firmly against Tony, knowing he must be flushed everywhere, his mouth is open against Tony's skin, he can't seem to close it, panting harder now than he has even during a training exercise. Tony's hand slips away from his ass then, and he's pressing it between their bodies, his knuckles dragging against Steve's sweating abdomen to wrap around his own cock. He feels Tony's hand working there, dragging up over the head, stroking himself in time with Steve's thrusts.
At some point he gets fixated on a new schematic idea for mobility impaired kids, and he sets his fork down to work on that. He's peripherally aware that he's still eating while he scrawls away at the idea, but it doesn't occur to him until Steve offers him a forkful of tiramisu that Steve has been feeding him for the past few bites of food. Tony still takes the Tiramisu, he would have to be dead not to. It's delicious. He might moan a little.
He's on his third mug when Tony returns with several boxes of sweet smelling dough. He gathers everyone in the kitchen to reveal his gifts. Big containers of gingerbread, sugar cookie, and snickerdoodle dough from Clint's favorite bakery. Along with more varieties of sprinkles than Steve thought possible, bags of decorative icing, and a sack of cookie cutters. Even Hulk looks impressed, gingerly picking up a bell shaped cookie cutter between his massive hands.
“Yes, Tony, more than, having so much back, It’ll mean a lot to me, make the place seem like home, ya know.” Home, a place he could belong. It would feel all the more real once the things from his past arrived. The mansion was more than he ever could have dreamed of, but with this, it felt like the last piece of the puzzle slotting into place.
“What, really?”  He looked a little blown away, all big blue eyes and sweetness.  Steve didn’t know whether he wanted to hug him more or kiss him.
“Can I-” He starts.  Stark blinks, looking over at where Steve is reaching towards the little sphere of light.
Before they left, Iron Man paused to do a dance in the endzone before jogging back over to Steve and flying him back up to their seats in the stands.  “Sorry, always wanted to do that.”  He said, letting the armor recede back into the briefcase.
“Tony, oh God...you-” His words cut off into a low groan when Tony very deliberately presses his cheek against the hard line of his cock, then darts his tongue out to lick a slow torturous line across the fabric covering him. These pants are designed to be pretty much everything proof-by Tony himself no less-but that does nothing to stop the visual, nor the pressure of Tony's perfect mouth.  “Oh God..” He repeats, trying to remember what that plan was again.
“Right, yeah, of course, who wouldn't like me?” He's turning away before Steve can reel him back in.
His soulmate's blue, blue eyes are wide and wild with grief, and Steve feels his desperation and sorrow as if it were his own as he mourns there, shivering on cold sand. He wants to tell him, show him that he's not dead, but even Steve does not know. He has seen the stars yawning wide in the tesseract, has seen himself as if from above. He feels ineffectual, unable to hold and protect the one that sings to his soul. It builds and builds within him until the water drags him back, fighting and raging into the dark.
“Do you really think this is a good idea, this thing with Steve?” He asks quietly, and Rhodey sits back in his chair fixing him with a steady stare.
“Yeah he did make spaghetti, but you're right, we should shower first. We're kind of a mess.” Steve looks immensely proud of himself, and more than a little red.
When it's all said and done a strange multi-engined plane lands in the middle of the street. The bay doors open, and a woman in a black skintight suit peers out at them.
“Oh, I”  Tony's eyes are a bit wide, the blue of them almost shocking in the semi-darkness of the room.  “You-you're sure? That's all you want?” He sounds almost confused, as if he expected Steve to just ignore that he was falling down tired just moments ago.
“Is that Froyo?” Iron man points. Thor grins benevolently, raising a spoon from the giant tub of dessert and taking a truly impressive bite.
“Aerosmith, what about The Who?”  Clint called, he was perched on a support girder somehow, lining an arrow up.
“I'm going to put you on your bed now.” Steve leans down to strip the covers back, noting the crease atop the sheets. It looks like someone has been sitting at the edge of the bed. On the nightstand a large glass container full of minty smelling ointment is open, spilling that same cool scent that clings to Tony into the room. Steve wonders what it is, but concentrates on slowly lowering his cargo down onto a soft sheets that keep traces of Tony's cologne.  "There, I've got you.” He murmurs, brushing Tony's hair back from his face and making sure his neck is not at an uncomfortable angle on his pillows. Tony just sighs, nuzzling into Steve's hand as if he's enjoying the touch.
“Thanks for the save Iron Man, Avengers, is everyone safe, what happened?” He asks, keeping his voice steady despite the heavy spikes of pain radiating up his arm.  Iron Man slowly brings them back down to the ground as the others start calling in their affirmatives. Everyone sounds at least a little shaken, a few abrasions here and there, but nothing major thanks to Thor and Falcon flying the others out.
“Steve.” Tony whispers, eyes shut tightly, so Steve wraps them both in the blankets and tumbles Tony beneath him, putting himself between the world and the man he loves.
The Maria Stark Foundation gala is upon them before Tony really has time to mentally prepare himself. Maybe he shouldn't be going to a big public event right after something tried to rip his arc reactor out, he's still hurting dully from the bruising, and his nerves have been in a near constant state of uproar since the incident in the Smokies, but Tony has been keeping his mind carefully distracted. He's been too busy trying to find the answer to his nanite issue, SHIELD contracts, S.I. Projects, and keeping his bruises and mortal terror concealed to have an existential crisis about the fact that he's asked Captain America to be his plus one. He wonders if his mom would have approved of Steve, he hopes she would have-in a way this will be like introducing him in spirit. Maybe that's a silly sentimental thought, but he's allowed to be sappy in his own head if he wants to be. That and he there's no way Tony is passing up the opportunity to see Steve in formal wear. Tonight will truly be a test of Tony's restraint.
“Wow, I can see your nipples.” Clint says snidely.  Steve throws his water bottle at him. His screech of indignation is worth having to mop up the spill.
“What a surprise. You jumped off a building.” Comes Carol's droll response. Jan boos. Natasha looks like she's about five seconds away from filing her nails contemptuously. Clint is still undeterred.
Tony's throat works around him in a swallowing motion, but then he's pulling up, letting Steve's hard cock slap against his belly, and then ducking down to drag his tongue from Steve's balls up to the leaking head. “That's it, just like that, darling. You're almost there, aren't you?” He speaks right there, his voice is so warm though, and Steve can only gasp, clench his fingers tighter on the sheets while Tony rocks the toy inside him.
it would seem. Tony grins when that sends Clint running for the hills.  Serves him right.  “But we should go get breakfast anyway, you did say you'd let me take you on another date.” Steve says against his cheek.  He looks flushed and a bit like he might go for having Tony right on the luxurious woven rug beneath them, but he also has his jaw set, which means Tony may as well just give up already. As if in confirmation of their plans Steve's stomach picks that moment to grumble audibly. Tony laughs, letting his legs drop back to the floor, grabbing Steve's wrist to tug him towards the garage.
With a sigh he calls the armor to him, feeling it form around him is like greeting an old friend. It makes it much easier to make it to the bathroom too-JARVIS helpfully taking over the heavier aspects of the lifting and all but puppeting his sore body around. He wonders if it would be weird to work on Stark Industries projects while in the suit. Whatever, it's his workshop, no one is going to see it and blackout mode is A Thing.
“Steve, you’re not carrying my bags too.”  Tony walked over, held his hand out.  Steve sidestepped him, walking through the doors into the lobby.
“Thanks Jan, okay so-Tiberius Stone, what a piece of work. We were friends once, grew up together, went to the same parties, dated in the same circles-that kind of thing.” Tony starts, pausing to take another drink. “I don't really know where it all went so wrong...”
“Here.” He murmurs, turning Tony on his side and spooning up behind him, slipping a hand under Tony's shirt to cover the arc.  “It gets cold right?” He whispers against Tony's ear.  Tony's breath stutters, head turning to watch Steve over his shoulder. He's quiet, but Steve hears the cadence of his breathing pick up when he slips his other hand beneath his neck to cup the strong cut of his jaw. The angle is perfect for a kiss Steve realizes. Their faces are so close he can see the vast canopy of stars above them reflected in Tony's dark eyes.
“Ah but I have given you your fondest wish.” His smile is sharp, too sharp, glittering, and white, and knowing. Armored scales hiss over the sand as the man crouches down so they are at eye-level with each other. “You have always wanted to be someone else, haven't you? Now is your chance, you are welcome.” Tony wants to say that no, that's not true, but he can't remember, can't see. His chest hurts, it hurts to breathe, it hurts to
“I-I-” Steve Stutters out, walking across the floor before he can truly register what he's doing. “I-yes. Yes, missed you.” He says helplessly, stepping close to set his hands over Tony's hipbones, plastering his body against Tony's, and leaning over him to demand a kiss. Tony just sighs, twisting slightly to make the angle better, letting his lips slip open to allow Steve's tongue inside. It feels electric, the heat of Tony's mouth, the way he rocks back to rub the curve of his rear against the very obvious hardness behind him.
In his ears his heart pounds and pounds, his hands shake. There is not enough air in the room, not enough, not enough, not enough.
Tony had expected shy and fumbling, not whatever this is, but he's not complaining at all. It's obvious Steve hasn't kissed a lot of people, but what he lacks in experience he's making up for by being so damn enthusiastic Tony's pretty sure he's going to come in his pants like a fucking teenager.
“Stay?” Tony says, laying back on the pillows, tugging Steve to lay half atop him. “You're tired too, and I know...I know you have a hard time sleeping. It's good like this, here. With you.”
“Good night-good night, sweetheart.”  Steve gets out before he can think better of it.  Tony's arm tightens around him though, and light kisses feather over his cheek, and his temple.
“Can I?”  Steve asks, indicating Tony's cock with a glance; so hard and enticing where it juts insistently from Tony's body.  “Looks like you got something for me.” He wants to do something for Tony. Maybe suck him? Tony always loves that, and he's done so much for Steve, so much.  He wants to please him, to be the cause of those noises Tony only lets slip when he's really feeling good.
“Friend of yours?”  Iron Man asked, coming to a skipping stop next to Steve.  His hands powered down with a quiet whine.  Steve hoped he had some kind of cooling system in there, it was unseasonably warm, even out on the water.
“I tried to convince him a skirt would be stylish, but I was sabotaged.”  Clint muttered.  Tony blinked, rate of blinking increasing as Steve came over to sit on the ground in front of the group and leaned against their legs.  On the screen a pair of gigantic robots were engaged in a brawl of epic proportions.
“Yeah.” Steve raises his head, looking over at where Tony is standing there utterly still like a deer in headlights. “I think so too.”
and such a coupley thing to do that Tony doesn't know what to make of it. Steve looks delighted though, scooting closer to Tony across the seat and lacing their fingers together between them. Tony stares at their joined hands as if they hold all the secrets of the universe. It feels almost surreal that those fingers had been in his mouth not so long ago. Tony licks his lips.
He's not alone, Tony is still here.  When the two of them are together they have an unspoken habit of not leaving without saying goodbye.  He wonders if Tony intends to go somewhere today. Steve really hopes not, and well, Tony did promise they would spend the weekend together, but Tony is such a busy man, Steve won't begrudge it if he has to go work on something.  Well, maybe just a little bit, but he would never say that to Tony, then he'd get that awful look of guilt on his face that makes Steve want to go fight something. His thoughts trail off as he becomes aware of being hungry, that's not anything new.  On a normal day he would have been up and about probably hours ago.
Tony comes awake to the sensation of strong fingers stroking through his hair. He keeps his eyes shut though, enjoying the feeling of being touched gently. Steve is warm and solid beneath him, their legs tangled together beneath the blanket in a long continuous point of contact. Tony would be content to stay like this for hours, just letting Steve idly pet him while morning cartoons play on in the background. It should be at least mildly uncomfortable, his belt is digging into his waist and he's probably drooled on Steve's impressive pectorals, but it's not. It's sweet, domestic and
He felt good, purposeful, working towards an objective. Time flew by up at cruising altitude, the rush of rut honing his focus in on the task at hand, until Mamula came into view in the distance. The sun was just beginning to rise, providing a cover for Steve to angle the plane into, something for the stealth reflector panels to mimic. He went for a landing close to the shore, bringing the quinjet down so that the sound of the landing gear was masked by the crashing of the surf.
“What now?  That wasn’t too bad.”  Steve says, eager now to see what they can make.  A little bit because he has someone to walk him through it, and a lot because maybe Tony will stay close, let him steal a few more kisses.
“Mister Stark. Are you doing this...for free?” He asks, suddenly needing to know the answer to that question more than anything.
The house in question turns out to be in a town so small it's just a main street with a few little stores here and there. Not even an omnipresent Wal-Mart lurks in the shadows. There's still mom and pop shops here. Tony is charmed. An honest to god white picket fence rings the property. The back of the land goes up to the lakeside. Over grown gardens sprawl all over; vines and weedy flowers spill out of flower beds. When Tony walks through the greenery, a fat fuzzy bumble bee zips past them. Tony watches it hop from flower to flower in a zig zagging path. The house itself is small but picturesque, painted in pale blue, white, and sea-foam green. It's quiet out here. Birds chirp away, somewhere a cat is meowing long and loudly.
“Transformers,”  Jan said, she was tucked against Tony’s side, with Clint laying across them both.  She had a bowl of popcorn, and was resting it on Clint, occasionally throwing kernels into his mouth, which he caught surprisingly well.  Marksman, he thought fondly.
“Yeah. A lot. Especially by you, because I'm pretty gone on you Steve, but I think you knew that already.”
Steve thinks with resignation. They were going to go on another date. His glove is fully off now, dropped carelessly to the floor. Low heated words breathed across his skin make goosebumps break out all over when Steve registers what's being said.
“What are you trying to say Rogers, are you besmirching my reputation?” Tony says with a grin, prodding at Steve's chest with one finger.  Steve snorts, letting Tony down onto the pillows and then stretching out beside him, propping himself up on one elbow to watch Tony shift around on their makeshift bed.
“Oh fuck, is it eating them, shit, get this off me, I can't-” Iron Man is struggling wildly, but he's held fast, Steve's ears ring with the sound of explosions, the shriek of claws on metal as the thing braces one of it's clawed appendages over the reactor at the center of the armor's chest.
“Sometimes I wake up and I hate this. I hate everything, and I'm angry, so angry because there's nothing I can do and I miss everyone.” Steve starts, and Tony's hand clenches on his glass to hear the misery in his voice. “I miss everything so much-everything I left behind. But then there's you, and us,” Tony raises his head, and Steve is looking at him, really looking at him. There's something like wonder in his eyes.  “- and I feel like, yeah, I'm home. You gave me a purpose, gave me a home. It's not that I don't think you can take care of yourself. Truth is I'm...greedy; I want to spend time with you.” Steve smiles ruefully, ducking his head. “Make you come up and eat with us because I miss seeing your face, because I feel like you'll forget me otherwise.” There's so much wrong with what Steve is saying, it can't be true, but Steve is as honest as they come, more honest than anyone he's ever met. Tony swallows thickly, reaching out to just rest his hand over Steve's where it sits on the seat, and Steve smiles in that soft boyish way of his that makes Tony's stomach flip over.
“Y’mean, I’m like you, like dad was too?”  He asked, suddenly even more excited, because both of his parents were good protectors, good alphas.  The kind of people alphas should be.  “Does that mean I’ll grow, get big and strong, like you and dad?”  Steve had thought that he would probably end up an alpha, both his parents were after all.  As the years passed, and his body remained frail, sick, too weak to stand some days, he had given up on that dream.  A dream that he now felt singing in his veins.  Sarah’s expression did something complicated, her smile faltered, for a moment the sadness she often hid so well crossed her features, but she seemed to rally herself, passing him a glass and a few chalky pills to swallow.
That is how all of the Avengers, save for the Hulk-who stays in the tower much to Tony's obvious distress-end up sleeping in the Avenjet. It's too hot during the day, and cold at night, the Avenjet suits their purposes nicely. On the first night they sleep in hammocks in the cargo bay, but Jan soon deems this unacceptable. Twenty minutes and several miracles later she and Tony have covered a section of the floor in pillows and blankets. It looks inviting and homey all at once; strangely not out of place in the belly of the jet.
“I have-” Tony groans, reaching out to grab at Steve's chest “a heart condition, you're going to kill me. Put it on my tombstone: Here lies Tony Stark, murdered by his husband's ridiculous sex appeal and red lingerie.”
“This is the last marshmallow, you want it?” Steve asks, gingerly pulling the slightly charred confection from his wire hanger-it's nice to see some things don't change.
“Fury is full of shit a lot of the time, but he wanted you to be part of this team, even when SHIELD had some say in it. You know that.” Her words are sincere, her red, red lips turning down, and the grip she has on his hand tightening as she pulls him around so they're face to face.  “You do know that don't you?” She asks, eyes narrowing when Tony sighs, raking a hand over his face and shaking his head.
As he gets closer to the living room, he hears Tony talking, well more grumbling. It becomes louder and louder the closer he gets. Natasha is speaking with him, tone fond. When Steve leans against the doorway, he sees Nat holding what looks to be a large hand knit shawl large enough to be a blanket.
Steve pulls back, leaning up to put space between them, his blue eyes are blown, just tiny rings of color around the pupil. It's just a physiological reaction, Tony reasons, kissing feels good, no matter who it is if they know what they're doing. There's no way Steve is getting as much out of this as Tony is. Steve is smiling down at him warmly though, as if he's been wanting this. He touches Tony's lips, and Tony fights the urge to get those fingers in his mouth. That's not what this is about, this is just kissing. They're just seeing if Steve can tolerate that. Simulated blowjobs are
Dr. Erskine had told him his things would be safe, had assured him his possessions would be placed in a warehouse to be reclaimed upon his return, and allied victory in the war.  Steve trusted that to be true, but the thought of leaving Sarah’s portrait and the few faded photographs of his father he had was still difficult.  He packed those feelings away though, as surely as he had his tears during Sarah’s funeral.
“Yeah.  Don't suppose we'll ever get that though.”  There's a part of him that wants to be public with this, wants to shout it from the rooftops, as terrifying and unthinkable as that is.  Their world is an unforgiving one though, and he doesn't doubt that making their relationship public would paint an even larger target on both of their backs.  Still it's nice to think about sometimes.
Forty minutes and a shower later he's in the kitchen in the armor when Steve comes walking in wearing his Determined Face. Tony sucks on the smoothie in his hand with even more concentration. It squeaks against the mouthslit annoyingly, but that doesn't deter Cap and his mad on from getting closer.
Time slips through his fingers like water after that. He only wakes when Steve very gently tucks him into bed. Tony waves an arm around, catching Steve by the shirt before he gets beyond arm's reach.
“You let me borrow these, so I’m here, returning them to their rightful owner.  Thank you by the way, I showed them to everyone and told them Captain America gave them to me.” His hand shook a little bit, he wiggled his fingers, gently jostling the links in his palm.  Steve couldn’t tell whether or not he was serious about that.  But the thought of that, the suggestion that Tony might’ve walked around showing other people the cuff-links, his
“I might just have to jump you, and I had other plans for our honeymoon.” Tony says, pausing to let his lashes dip in a slow look of invitation. “I'm wearing blue.”
“Sorry I didn’t make the ride back with you, I was making sure I had a room set up for you, got to take care of my guests, you know how it is.”  He raised a hand as if he was about to reach out to Steve, then pulled it back, pointing at another doorway and explaining it led down to a training room.  Steve privately wished Iron Man had touched him.  The armor was so warm, and he was beginning to feel the cold creep of the drop even more keenly.
intentional-views Iron man as his friend. Tony turns off his speakers and turns on his sound dampeners so he can have his little nerdgasm in peace. No one needs to hear that.
Tony runs, hand reaching towards the only other occupant in this place. Sunlight filters in, the ends of blond hair seemingly catch fire. A wreath of light about his soulmate’s face. Blue, blue eyes, bluer than the sky, bluer than the lapis powder his soulmate grinds into paints with shaking hands. Tony knows those hands even if his body is unfamiliar. Tony knows the color of his eyes, knows the shape of his lips. He runs, and the ground tilts beneath his feet, the windows shatter, and then the ocean is there, dragging him under as it always does. He’s sinking, falling, pushed backwards as if by some massive force, the skeleton of a plane, ghastly and terrible serving as his prison. He’s pulled back against a strong chest, lips on his, sharing air, and Tony isn’t afraid of drowning any longer.
“You haven't come yet.” Steve observes, pulling out of Tony gingerly, touching over his hole to check him over. Tony Just hums, tipping his hips up To give him a better view. Steve feels the tips of his ears go hot, and just
Some warnings for character injury-nothing too graphic, but there is a fight in this chapter as a head's up.  Also Tony and his self loathing, but that's kind of a given with him.
Tony cuts him off sharply.  “Obie huh, didn't know you were so close.” Ice clinks against the rim of his half empty whiskey tumbler when Tony swirls it with affected casualness. Tony is typically a glass half full kind of person, but a conversation with Justin Hammer can make any cup look low on alcohol.
Falcon, Wasp, and Thor remain airborne, calling out locations and dropping down where Steve sends them. Iron Man is on Steve's unshielded left putting on a laser light show and shooting off repulsor blasts. A lucky shot earlier rent a hole in Steve's uniform. Iron man seems to have taken that as a personal affront and has been muttering on and off about flimsy material and risk taking behavior. Steve doesn't think the man is even aware of his own continuous ranting. Nonetheless Steve appreciates the cover as well as the concern.
Tony comes to on the floor of the lab hours later with a gasp, hand going up to press over the reactor. He sags with relief, rolling on his side and groaning softly. Sleeping on the floor is not the most comfortable thing, especially when a hunk of metal takes a up a good portion of your chest cavity. The bruising from the debacle with the fucking Nidhogg-dragon-whatthefuckever it was definitely does nothing to help matters either. JARVIS has helpfully turned down the lights to a low golden tone, and at some point Dummy must have thrown a blanket over him. Holograms float around near the ceiling like trapped bubbles-waiting to be called back over. Tony just lays there for a moment trying to get his bearings while the lab stirs back to life around him.
“Well I've got news for you Shellhead, prepare to be surprised.” Steve says with a grin, tossing a wink over at his best friend, and hopefully soon to be lover. Tony snorts, shaking his hands out and taking an easy loose stance across the mats. Despite Steve's plans, he has to admire the progress Tony has made in his hand to hand skills. Out of the armor he won't be able to do a whole lot against a supersoldier's speed and strength, but against a non-powered foe Tony does just fine.
Tony stares at it for anywhere between a minute and an hour before the desire for food and coffee has him texting Steve back on impulse.
Tony opens his mouth to say something probably crass, but then Steve's leaning in, mouthing over his jaw,
“You're really doing this?” He says wonderingly. “You know, you don't have to go through all this trouble.” Tony lets his lashes dip, watches Steve's gaze sharpen a little. “Don't have to butter me up Cap, you can have me, anytime, anywhere.”
That worry follows him all through the ensuing cleanup and speaking with the city authorities. If this was any other teammate he would have insisted on a hospital visit. Iron Man's dedication to his secret identity makes that incredibly difficult. From what the others tell him he's been at the whole superhero business for years already. Objectively Steve knows he can't force his new friend to seek professional medical attention, but he still worries. He hopes Mister Stark's medical technology is as miraculous as everything else he makes.
Tony squints, glancing up at the ceiling. “Jay, projection ratios, you know 'em, put something on so little Timmy will go to sleep.” The ceiling above them shifts with light, and soon a movie is playing out-something with felt looking animated animals, Santa's elves, and a reindeer named Rudolph.
“Don't mind me, I'll just be here leaching your body heat.” Tony's words are slightly muffled against Steve's shoulder.  He presses closer when Steve launches them off the ramp and out into the street-and Tony doesn't like being driven by someone else, but this, this is nice. Steve is so warm against him, guiding them through the streets without hesitation. The wind whips all around them, car horns blare, the city is alive with activity, but Tony just rubs his cheek against Steve's shoulder, closing his eyes and clinging tight until they pull into the parking lot of an honest to god train-car diner.
“How long have you been sick?” Steve asks, undeterred. Tony is quiet for a moment, likely considering his escape routes, but then he slumps further against Steve, lifting his head to whisper against his ear.
“Oh fuck, Tony, I'm sorry I didn't think, I didn't-it didn't, do you remember th-” Clint starts, only to be cut off by Rhodey's aggressive throat clearing.
“Okay, Cap, what's eating you? Did you just find out about the Dodgers?” Tony asks, the urge to make a run for it surfacing when Steve's eyes narrow.
Tony's head drops back, eyes shutting, as he arches up from the bed.  “Yes..just like...just like that.” Tony pants out, splaying his thighs wider between them, allowing Steve to push forward until their hips are flush and Tony's short blunt nails are digging into his shoulders.
Tony loves him, and that's a realization he's already come to on his own, but to hear him actually say almost makes him lose control. It's too much, too good, with Tony urging him on, kissing him between heady sounds of pleasure that drag out into something like wails-and Steve knows better than to bring it up, lest Tony be embarrassed by his own noises, but Steve has never been with anyone so responsive, never been with anyone who abandons all restraint, and certainly never been with anyone with Tony's particular flair for loving filth.
“Deep waters, sweetheart, deep waters. Hands on the desk behind you.” He says, waiting until Tony complies to sink down onto his knees. Tony yelps in surprise, leaning back on his hands as Steve hoists his thighs up and licks a path from his hole, to his balls, and then up along his cock until he's sealing his lips over the tip.
Andy was in far worse shape, sure he was busted up less than Steve, but he was crying something fierce.  Steve scowled, refusing to feel bad about the whole mess.  If Andy wasn’t such a big palooka of a bully, none of this would have happened.  Who picked on babies?  A guy looking for a sock in the kisser, that’s who.
“Here, know you can't eat stuff in that fancy tin can of yours, but I never could say no to a milkshake.” Steve says, passing over an honest to god malted milkshake. Where the hell he found it in the middle of a carnival, Tony has no idea, but hey, now he has a milkshake. Everyone is a winner.
“Strap in honeybunch, we're going for a ride.” Tony purrs, and then he's moving, letting go of his own cock to brace his hands against Steve's chest. A sleek slide up that makes the breath freeze in Steve's lungs, before he drops himself back down. He starts out slow, the first few motions of his body almost cautious, but he soon speeds up.  He's rocking, twisting his hips, working Steve's cock inside him as if he owns it. Sweat gathers at Tony's hairline, a sign of how much work he's putting into this, and Steve wants to praise him, wants to babble nonsense out, but he can barely think, barely breathe for how good it feels when Tony rocks atop him, clenching tight around his cock as if to keep him there even as he raises up and nearly off his dick. His gorgeous, pretty cock slaps against Steve's stomach on the downstroke, but he seems completely unconcerned about it, uninterested; wide, dilated eyes fixed on Steve's face as if watching him come undone is the best thing in the world.
Tony gives him a glare of his own.  “I'm not tired.” He grouches, slurping his drink at Rhodey in what he hopes is a threatening manner but is probably just obnoxious instead. Tony doesn't care, he's the younger of the two of them. Obnoxious is his middle name.
trying to climb all the way up to the ceiling just because he could-even if the force pressed him down and made even the math in his brain slurry. It had been worth it for the thrill, and to see Jarvis' amused face when he came skipping out of the ride; dizzy and laughing and gleeful. Maybe it has something to do with his love of fast cars and playing with dangerously high g-forces. Maybe sometimes he imagines coming out of a roll in the armor that makes his vision black around the edges to Jarvis patting his head and asking him if he made it to the ceiling this time.
Movie nights become one of Steve's most cherished events because Tony allows him to bundle him close, sometimes he can be coaxed to lay across his lap, where Steve rubs his shoulders, and strokes over his belly like a cat. Some nights Tony is wide awake, doing a million things at once while Steve snuggles him close. Other times he's clearly exhausted, melting into Steve's touches, dozing on and off while movies flicker over the screen. The others are there too, it's true, but Steve enjoys that too-that he doesn't have to hide how he feels for Tony from the team. Even if the man himself can't seem to wrap his head around what Steve is trying to show him.
want to think about why Tony would have made something capable of hiding broken bones beneath his clothing. It's impressive, but it also makes Steve want to wrap him in that funny plastic bubble wrap they use for shipping glassware now.
“Yeah, tell me about it, What do you want, honey?” Tony lets his voice drop low and is rewarded by Steve pressing impossibly closer, their hips lining up
The high sound of glass cracking alerts him to the way his breath is rasping in his chest. In his hand a fine spiderwebbing of cracks runs through the whiskey tumbler. Hammer is still talking. Tony wonders if he would shut the fuck up if he threw up on his hideous alligator loafers. Probably not. Behind him JARVIS has gone terribly still in the suit, but his head is too full to contemplate what that means.
“Your other ones, they’re broken, not that you don’t have plenty of replacements but,”  He took a deep breath, tried out his best smile, the one Tony always returned.  “I just, you can keep em’.”  His voice went a little wobbly, but Tony was smiling, a small, almost cautious smile.  “If you uh,”  He licked his lips, “if you like.”
that makes it all worthwhile-of the fact that Tony has a secret to maintain but he can't imagine pushing Steve away, even if that makes it all the more difficult.
Ty, it could be any number of his enemies-that can get past his biometric scans. God, it has to be Ty. The Avengers have better things to do than clean up his messes.
“Fat chance.” Steve said grimly, emerging from behind the weapon cart, easily catching his shield as it spun back, and hefting it in front of himself. “What would you know of grief? You’ve never loved anyone or anything other than yourself.” He felt the anger then, stronger, more acutely than ever when Zemo merely laughed, pointing his gun in Steve’s direction. His movements seemed slow though, easy to track, with rut and the serum sharpening Steve’s reactions. Zemo was not an alpha, and he had never met Steve in circumstances like these.
A few warnings here for discussions of domestic/intimate partner abuse.  It's nothing graphic, but it comes up.
“I told you I wanted to take care of you Tony, when I'm done doing that then maybe.” Steve is proud of how steady his voice is despite everything. The shock on Tony's face is worth it when he picks him up and starts walking towards a tall metal table just at the perfect height to be hip level.
“Goodnight sir.” He hears JARVIS whisper just as he's dropping off to sleep. Maybe JARVIS isn't as angry as he thought. Tony smiles, and lets exhaustion drag him down.
“Yeah, you're warm Steve, like a furnace or something, it's wow, no wonder you go exercise in those obscene little shorts.” Steve purses his lips. His shorts are
This was bad. If Tony touched him, surely he’d know. He must have felt it, maybe that was why he was so intent on Steve getting that VA appointment. Sure he seemed to like Steve, respect him, and he was always kind, sweet, generous as the day was long. That didn’t mean he felt the same. Still, his gift had been accepted. Steve pushed that thought away, it didn’t count. Tony had no way of knowing that was a courting gift. He’d looked so sweet though, holding them against his body, soft around the eyes and mouth, like he would have welcomed Steve’s touch. Steve closed his eyes, willing his body to calm down. He didn’t need to change his sheets twice in one day.
“We'll debrief tomorrow, I think we could all use a shower and some rest first.” He gets no objections to that; everyone filing out of the jet to trek to their respective bathrooms for some relaxation. Iron Man walks next to him, coming to a halt in front of Steve's door.
“He hurt you though.” Steve says from behind him, and Tony turns, looking up into blue eyes gone stormy with anger.
“Yeah, tell me what you want Steve, you can have it, have anything.” Tony says hotly, eyes going wide then dropping nearly closed when Steve leans in. His head tips back, lips parting, hands going up to tangle in Steve's hair.
“I'm going to cut right to the chase.” Nat says, heading him off before he can even open his mouth.  “We went back to that cave.” She starts, and Tony feels something in his chest clench. Which cave? He wants to ask, but the words won't come out. “The one with that thing from Asgard.” Natasha continues, indicating her leather folder of probably terrible news. Tony swallows, picking it up and gingerly flipping it open.
“Don't listen, sweetheart, don't listen, you're worth ten of him, more than that, God so much more than that-” He tries to speak as clearly as he can, louder than the waves perpetually thundering around him. He sees bowed shoulders straighten, he sees something like his own resolve when faced with rejection after rejection applying to enlist, the same expression that stared back at him in the mirror of his dingy lower east side apartment. His face had been spotted with broken flecks of silver, warped, but his soulmate is clear, so clear to him, and Steve loves him, he loves him, and feels he knows him better than himself sometimes, better than this cold ghost in the dark he has become- but their connection splinters before long, slips through his fingers like fine beach sand.
“How delightfully sad you are, how frustrated. Hmm, I shall take pity on you, my people tell me I am quite charming.” Doom shifts on the ground, pointedly ignoring Steve's disbelieving snort to look up at Steve contemplatively.
Camp is not the same after that. He does a headcount and startles when the clock-like beat of Bucky's heart comes up missing. Steve is halfway out of his tent-shield in hand, before he remembers. Regret tastes bitter in his mouth and he sobs himself to sleep that night.
“Hey Winghead, when you get back to the mansion Stark wants to see you. He said something about showing you a prototype. Wants your input.” Iron man shrugs, repulsored palms up to the sky.
Summer comes, and with it, the visions always grow stronger. Summer is always a strange thing for Tony, cold and hot and filled with shivering dreams of a time that seems long past. He wakes with the taste of salt in his mouth, frozen cold ringed around his hands. Tea and coffee do nothing, and the first sip he spits out, sinking onto the floor of his kitchen, knees striking tile, the drink tasting of seawater.
“Yeah, how's the arm, mobility good with the splint? How's your pain, Iron Man told me about your little painkiller problem-” Tony looks like he's gearing up for another twenty questions, so Steve steps closer, crouching down beside the cushion nest to take Tony's hands in his, rubbing his fingers over skin that's still cool despite the heat being given off by the fireplace.
“Everything is set up as best as it can be. Thank goodness for the Tabula Rasa protocol.” Pepper answers, rolling her sleek little phone up into a tube smaller than a lipstick and tucking it into a hidden pocket in her blazer. Tony resist oohing at the nifty technology only just barely.
“Tony, it's amazing, but are all those bells and whistles necessary? It's incredible, but you probably could have stopped at extra shielding, Kevlar is pretty great I hear. You didn't have to work this hard, I bet you got a whole load of projects to work on, fella.” Says Steve, noting the way the headwings are fused to the to the cowl rather than stitched with thread.  They definitely look sturdy, harder to rip off than the ones on his old uniform.  Villains always like to go after em, he thinks it's on purpose.  Something flashes through Tony's eyes though, something Steve saw there that first night he carried him to his room.
“You wanna go ice skating? The ponds are all frozen over.” Steve asks, trying and failing not to jump when Tony slips his cold hands under the back of Steve's sweater for warmth. Tony hums, leaning back in Steve's arms to fix him with a slightly suspicious stare.
“Oh!  Oh gosh, wow, I am an idiot.  Tony Stark, we’ve met, I was just, you know,”  He waved a hand around indicating his entire body.  Steve tried not to stare, or turn red.
He stows those thoughts though, not exactly appropriate things to be thinking about when you're having family home evening surrounded by friends. Not exactly appropriate thoughts to have when you haven't even
“There's a Clint's Sexy Cupid Montage number one?” Tony asks, momentarily distracted from his Steve induced existential woes. JARVIS doesn't answer, merely projecting Clint's home movie project across the wall in living color. Tony feels his face twist in horror. That's a lot of Clint. “JARVIS I'm going to sleep, shut that off oh my
“Activate protocol Echo Nine Tango Seven Three Mike India Sierra-in case of emergency, you know the drill JARVIS.”
“Darling, beloved, come in me, c'mon, leave me wet inside, I love it-” He breaks of into a drawn out
“C'mon, I'm collecting on that promise.” Steve says, smiling at him warmly as if he wasn't just shaking a man like a pair of maracas.
“Yes, gimme three, go for it.” Tony gasps, burying his fingers in Steve's hair, as Steve carefully works his fingers inside; first two, then the third when Tony whines and rolls his hips back into the touch. They watch each other as Steve spreads his fingers, Tony's grip on his hair winds tighter, but he's making soft little sounds in time with the thrust of Steve's fingers, pushing back into them, and twisting his hips as if he could take them deeper, as if they're not already as far into his body as they can go.
“Fine, fine, I will desist, but you will get your potatoes, I wouldn’t deprive you.  Our second course is shepherd’s pie. Opinions, thoughts, offers of fellatio?” Tony’s eyes sparkle when Steve turns to throw a pecan at him.  “Violence, I’m hurt, Steve.”
“Kid tagged along with the unit, says coming with us is the only way he'll meet his soulmate. What do you want us to do Cap?” Jim probably already knows the answer to that.
“Don't you turn this around on me Steven.” Tony grumps, but he doesn't resist when Steve helps him get comfortable after Bruce leaves the room. He ends up tucked against Steve's side. One blanket tossed away to leave him wrapped in Natasha's shawl and a big fluffy mauve duvet. Steve queues up a nature documentary about Galapagos penguins and sits back. The mug of tea in his hand is still warm, and Tony radiates heat where he is, pressed all along Steve's side.
When he surfaces a bit, Tony is stroking over his cheeks gently, murmuring sweet words in his ear.  Steve is aware he's still buried inside Tony, still hard, but that seems inconsequential. He strokes over Tony's back, presses his thumbs into the line of his spine.  He's slightly damp with sweat, the heady scent of his skin and sex makes Steve firm up more, but he stays still, doesn't move, content to hold Tony and touch him now that he's allowed to.
Cap-” He gasps, head hanging back down and hips rocking back into the slide of the plug within him, arching when Steve twists the base and rubs his hand over the soft skin between his cheeks, panting and flushing when Steve reaches further down to put deep pressure on his perineum. It's a beautiful sight. Tony's always gorgeous, but when he's gone on the moment like this, he's something spectacular.
Steve smiles, tearing his gaze away from Tony's face to look down at the piano.  “I don't have a problem with you leading . Just don't get too cocky-I'm old and set in my ways, you might leave me behind if you go too fast for me to keep up.” Poking fun at himself is worth it when Tony laughs, but he soon goes quiet, directing Steve through the first few notes of the piece. His movements are smooth, sure, without any hesitation. Steve feels as much as hears the music come together, able to predict some of the notes before Tony plays them. The touch of his hand-cool despite the heat of his body-the warm press of him along Steve's side. It's almost enough to wholly distract him from playing, but play he does, letting Tony guide him through notes he has heard but never thought he would be able to reproduce. It feels like just yesterday he was a poor skinny asthmatic kid, but now he's sitting next to the most gorgeous fella he's ever seen, living in a mansion, and he might even have a
Which is why it comes as a complete shock that he finds himself believing in Steve-and in the Avengers. Tony thinks that maybe he should know better, but none of them seem to have ulterior motives. They welcome him as both Iron Man and as Tony Stark, even though the two of them are so different they may as well be two different people. He wants so badly to let them in closer, but he can't, he just can't.  He wants to though, more than anything.  It's a terrifying prospect, yearning for something, for love, for companionship, that soft, needy feeling that always leaves him feeling peeled open and raw.  Up until Steve joined them, he thought he had everything under control.  God it was going to hurt when he inevitably fucked it up, if he hadn't already done so with his little display at the gala.
