“Probably time to change your pad, too.”  Dean said as he helped his mate into the bathroom.  Cas stripped off the gown for the time being and let Dean dote on him as he sat down to pee.  Dean helped him change the pad, which was indeed soaked with blood, before helping his mate with putting the gown back on.  He then helped him back to bed.  Cas wasn’t leaning on him as heavily, which he took as a good sign.
“Come here,”  Dean said it softly, not as a command but as a request and Cas went to him.  All his life he’d been taught that a proper Omega obeyed their Alpha and did whatever he said, no matter what it was.  Cas knew that Dean could give him commands, but he chose not to.  As he let Dean pull him into his arms and hold him he sent up another silent prayer, thanking God or whatever higher powers there were for bringing his true mate into his life, and for doing it right when he needed the man most.
“Come over here, I have two spare bedrooms and no one using them.  I have an alarm system too.  Tomorrow, if you want to go stay somewhere else that’s fine, but I know Sam needs rest and I’m sure my brother’s scared,”  Gabe said.
“Well, for starters, you’ll be healing the first month.  I know you’ll heal quickly, but I’m still not pushing the matter.  After you’re healed, we’ll use protection.  I would love more pups but really, babe, I want to enjoy the first one before we bring more into this world,”  Dean told him.  “I’m going to take a look at the alarm system for my own peace of mind and then go brush my teeth.  I’ll be back in a little bit, ok?”
4.)  Sam holds the option of deferring his decision to someone else, someone he trusts to make the decision on his behalf, and with his best interest in mind.  That person may or may not demand Luke's execution, but it would be bias and based on past crimes.  The crimes that Luke is currently guilty of is coming on to pack lands with the intent of either physically or emotionally harming Sam, and potentially challenging Gabe, AFTER he had proven to be a bad Alpha.  Pack law dictates that all orientations are EQUAL, and that an Alpha is to not only show love and respect for their mate, but they are to take care of their mate.  Think of the "For better or for worse" aspect of marriage vows.  It's not that a Beta or Omega is expected to submit, because they absolutely are not, but the Alpha is supposed to take care of their mate just as their mate is supposed to take care of them.  EQUALITY.  Luke broke that the first time he raised a hand to Sam, and then to come back onto pack lands and try to perpetuate that?  That's a HUGE no no.
The girls were giggling and having a blast with the decorating. Dean had bought a collapsible coffin and they were playing peek-a-boo under it, until Claire accidentally elbowed Emma in the face. She screamed and then burst into tears as she ran over to Cas.
“No one is getting in here.  I spent a small fortune securing this place, but the previous owner had an Omega partner and several Omega pups, so they added things like reinforced doors, bars on the downstairs windows, and a few other features.  There is a silent alarm that connects both to the police station and to my cell phone, so if anyone even thinks of stepping foot on my property when the alarm is set, I will know it.”
“Sam, Gabe is worried about you.  He’s your mate.  He will never, ever let Luke hurt you, but he’s scared too, for you.  He’s scared you don’t want him anymore.  He did not know Luke was your former mate.  You can’t blame him for this.”  Dean grabbed his brother’s chin and forced him to make eye contact.  “This is not Gabe’s fault, do you understand me?”
The door opened and Doctor Sanders walked in.  “Hello, boys, how are you today?”  She asked as she shook their hands.
Dean could feel a migraine coming on.  He pinched the bridge of his nose and tried to breathe slowly.  Someone to his left patted his back and he opened his eyes to see who it was.  His brother in law Gabe gave a reassuring smile.
“I want to go back to school.”  He blurted.  Dean looked up at him, mildly surprised by the sudden change of topic.
“You’ll be ok out here for a few minutes, right?”  Dean asked, placing a gentle hand on Cas’ shoulder.  Cas smiled and nodded.
His words were so sincere and the love he felt in that moment, Sam caught whiffs of it in his scent.  He knew Gabe was speaking the truth.
“What happened, baby?” He knelt down to examine her face. It had been hard enough to give her a mild blood nose but not enough to break it. For that he was thankful.
“I will talk to Dean and learn about Skype.  From there I will try to assist the best I can.  Not everyone gets Shakespeare, but once a child can comprehend what he is trying to convey in his work, it’s like a lightbulb goes off.”  Cas loved Shakespeare, and he would derive much pleasure from assisting Victor’s son, even if he did it long distance.
“I have inventory for all the shops.  I’ll be back this afternoon.  I need to get it started at the shop here in town, but I’ll be back around two.  I’ll be in my office at that point if you need me,”  Dean replied.
A few minutes later Dean found himself alone with his mate and four sleeping pups.  When Cas had finished his massage he went to sit in one of the other chairs but Dean caught his hand and pulled him around to sit down in his lap.  He wrapped his arms around his Omega’s waist and leaned his head against Cas’ stomach.
Cas looked embarrassed and stood twisting the edge of his worn tee shirt nervously.  “I know I should be able to, but…I can’t cook.  I’m sorry!”
“You’re right.  It’s just…I want it to be perfect.  I only ever want one wedding.  I only ever wanted one mate, and that didn’t happen, but I don’t want anyone but Gabe now, and I want the wedding to be perfect.  I just…I love him so much.  It’s as much for him as it is for me.”
“Two years now?  He was a mess when I went to get him.  Physically and emotionally.  I had to challenge his mate to get him back.  The man was intent on killing my brother.  I wasn’t letting anyone harm him.  It’s why he’s dating a Beta now.  He’s wary of other Alphas, just like you.”
“I’m glad Cassie found you, Dean.  And I’m especially glad you turned out to be his true mate and not a dick like the guy that attacked Sam last night,”  Gabe said as he carried two muffins over to the table and set them down.  “They’re still hot, so let them sit a while longer to cool.”
Dean knew it was the bond working its magic again.  He just growled, low and deep, and she finally took the hint.  When she turned and practically ran from the aisle he breathed a sigh of relief.  He went in search of another heating pad and the medicine for the cramps.  As he was going over the different bottles his phone rang.  He felt a twinge of fear when he saw it was Sam calling.
Back at the house, Dean found it to be empty.  He immediately texted both Gabe and his brother.  Gabe responded first.
“Yes, please.  I’ll be down in a little while, please excuse me.”  The Omega stood up and headed upstairs.
“I think that’s just your nerves.  You’re worrying, and it made you sick.  Catching this scent?  That was a fluke.  But it’s there.”  Dean pulled Cas closer and this time pulled back the collar of the Omega’s shirt so he could run his nose along the tender skin, from neck to shoulder.  It smelled like strawberry cupcakes, he was certain.  “Mmmm, you smell so good…,”  he purred.  Cas laughed and looked up at Charlie, the shock and joy he felt in that moment warring with each other.
“It was good.  Kids were glad to have me back, until I sprung a pop quiz on them,”  Cas replied, smirking mischievously.  “And Meg was all over me about the pup.  I would like to invite her and her mate over one evening for dinner, once we’re back in the house.”
Dean had Alan drive them home after he’d checked in with Ellen to make sure she didn’t need anything.  Once at the house, Cas headed for their room to lie down.  Gabe told Dean to go take care of his mate and went with Alan to go and pick up Cas’ prescriptions and some lunch.  He walked in the room to find his mate curled up in the bed, lying on his side.  Cas was awake, just staring at the wall, but when Dean slid into the bed next to him he turned and wrapped his arms around him.
Tension is high but with Charlie there to control the alarm system, they all settle in for a good night's rest.  Cas, however, is under a great deal of stress, and is feeling rather sick.  A man is dead and he is blaming himself.  It's a terrible burden for the poor Omega to bear.
“Hey, Dean, Dean, come on, come here.”  Sam plucked the tumbler from his brother’s hand, giving it to Gabe before locating the nearly empty bottle of Jack and handing that over as well.
“Dean, can you take her?”  Cas asked when Ellen walked in with a tray loaded with food.  He was eyeing it hungrily.  Dean handed Molly to Gabe and took a sleeping Ellie to place her in one of the bassinets.  Ellen brought the tray over and set it on the nightstand.  She chuckled when Cas grabbed one of the sandwiches she had made and scarfed half of it down in one bite.
“Strawberry wine sounds wonderful, but Cas will need water as he is nursing our pups.”  Dean replied.
“You will show my mate the proper respect, do you understand me?  You’re lucky he’s not clawing your eyes out right now for your behavior.  Clearly he has more class than you do.”
Dean left to go to the kitchen.  Alan was sitting on the couch with a tablet in hand, and he could see him from where he was moving around.
“I sent two over to your home to oversee the repairs that are being made; I posted two outside of this house, and two down at the shop here in town.  I also sent a technician in to fetch your computer after they make sure it was not tampered with.  I should know within the next few minutes if it was.”  Alan ticked off everything as Dean listened.  When they stepped into the kitchen Dean motioned towards the people at the table.
They reached the house and went inside.  Giselle had Aidan in her lap and was letting him taste some kind of soup or puree she had made.  The pup wrinkled his nose as the new flavors slid across his tongue, but then he was opening his mouth for more.
Molly was fussing after Cas woke her up to give her the Tylenol.  He had checked Ellie, and she was running a slight fever too but she wasn’t fussing.  Yet.  He gave her some Tylenol too and left her with a bottle in her crib while he pulled out the already packed diaper bag and went through everything in it.  He looked over once or twice at Dean who was rocking Molly as he tried to coax her into falling back asleep.  He had her pacifier and she was sucking away at it, though she was whimpering.
When he was finished talking, he looked around at his crew.  Most were Betas but there were a few Omegas and Alphas throw in there too.  He kissed his Omega gently on the cheek before heading back to the store manager’s office so he could review the inventory, leaving Cas standing awkwardly with the mechanics all staring at him.  One man stepped forward and offered his hand.  An Alpha by the smell of it.  His smile was warm, and his scent was neutral.
“Samuel, what is your decision?”  Mordecai asked.  Sam looked up, his eyes flitting briefly to Luke before looking at Mordecai and the other elders.
“I should go home though,” Dean said, even as he followed the man into the house. It was warm and once the lights were turned on it was brightly lit as well. He looked around and was unsurprised to find that the furniture matched the feel of the house, except the upholstery was green velvet, not black. It was all antique but beautiful.
Dean can't keep putting off telling his mate what happened.  Afterwards he shifts the conversation to talk about their pups to ease his mate's stress.
“I hope it works.  He scares the hell out of me every time he wheezes or starts that coughing.  The first time his lips turned blue I about had a heart attack.”  She admitted.  Dean remembered that moment clearly.  They’d had the pup home all of three days.  That was the same day he called the hospital to get a referral for a private nurse.  No way was he willing to try and handle that without medical assistance, or subject his poor mate to that kind of stress.
“Who are you?”  he growled.  Cas knew the Alpha could smell his fear but he couldn’t help it.  He was trembling and clinging to Missouri’s arm, not that the tiny Beta could protect him, but because she seemed to sense the Alpha’s anger and knew better than he how to placate the man.
Dean helped his brother up, and they headed for the kitchen.  Cas and Gabe were talking softly when they walked in as Gabe filled a muffin pan with batter.
“It is nice to finally meet Dean’s mate.  I am glad he found his true mate.”  She pulled back a corner of the sling and looked down at the sleeping pup.  “He is a beautiful pup.  This is Aidan?”  She looked up at Cas who nodded.
“What was it?” Dean sat down and pulled one of the books closer. Cas taught three different mythology classes and two Asian culture at the university and was well regarded in the academic community as an expert on Asian and Nordic mythologies.
Cas looked up at him, unsure of what to do next.  Dean smiled and removed the Omega’s boxers, letting his cock bob free.  For an Omega he was incredibly well endowed and the Alpha felt blessed once again.  As much as he loved the idea of knotting his mate someday, he also liked the idea of letting his mate pound into him too, even if they couldn’t knot him in return.  Once he got Cas past his nervousness regarding sex he would bring the subject up.  Now was not that time.  Instead he brought a hand up, fingers closing around the Omega’s erection.  Blue eyes flew open as his mouth formed a perfect little oh. This was not how he expected to be spending his date night, but his Omega needed him and he would be a terrible Alpha if he didn’t take care of him.  As he increased the speed of his strokes Cas grabbed at him, fingers trying to find purchase anywhere they could.  Dean leaned down to kiss him and Cas tangled his hands in the man’s hair, dragging him closer.
“It is always so…intense?"  he gasped.  Dean grinned and leaned in to press a soft kiss to his throat.  He found himself relaxing, tilting his head more to give the man better access.
“Eat?  Pup pup.  Eat?”  She got up on her knees and leaned over to watch the pup.  “No, Papa, pup pup no.”  She frowned and tried to pull the pup off his nipple but Dean gently pulled her hand away.
“Good thing you still have that tea pot in there, I needed the hot water,”  Sam chuckled as he walked back into the room.
“You ok, Sweetheart?” Dean asked as he pressed tender kisses to his mate's thighs. He felt the muscles twitch under his touch and slick began to trickle out again.
Sam:  Relieved.  Happy.  He doesn’t know about the dog yet, neither does Dean.  I’ll tell my brother later and let him break it to Cas when he thinks he’ll best be able to handle it.
“That’s enough!” Cas snapped his fingers to get both girls’ attention as he frowned at them. “We do not curse in this house, do you understand? If you want to go trick or treating Friday you will not say bad words, have I made myself clear?”
Cas smiled and nodded.  “I think I’m going to go get some bagels.  I have this incredible taste for an everything bagel with cheddar cheese, toasted with butter.”
“You feel good now that you’ve eaten, but morning sickness can have you tossing your cookies at the most inopportune times.  Best to keep your stomach calm to give your food time to digest,”  Gabe explained.  Cas smiled at his brother.
“You’re Cas’ friend, and I want to help.  I know it’s not much, but it should feed your kids for a while.  When you’re ready to move, give us a call and we’ll come and help so you can move safely.”
“You’ll have plenty of time to do that Dean.  Let him adjust to you first.  Should I make up one of the spare rooms for him?”  Sam asked.
“I’m heading there as it is today, but I think I’ll bring in a security team too.  Safety measures,”  Dean said.
“You pick.  I’m sorry about Kate,”  Cas apologized.  Dean pursed his lips as he tried to think of all the names they had been considering.
“I don’t understand why you’re so good to me, why you’re so…fair.  I’m just an Omega.”  Cas buried his face in his hands as the tears began to fall.  They were just pulling into the drive at the house and Dean took the extra time to close the gates that he usually left open.  Just in case.  The house was set far enough back from the street and well insulated to prevent anyone outside from smelling Cas once Dean got him inside, but he was scared.  He knew he was being paranoid but he had finally found his Omega and there was no way he was going to let the man get hurt or claimed by some other horny bastard.  He turned the car off and reached over to pull Cas’ hands down.
Cas smelled him before he ever saw him.  The smell of rotting flesh wafted into the main parlor and for a moment he was frozen in place, unable to move.
“It’s ok, I don’t bite.  Just…don’t bump me,”  Sam said softly.  Cas quickly slid across the seat, leaning into Sam and curling up as the Beta draped an arm over his shoulder.  “Dean will take care of this,”  Sam said, his eyes going back to the door his brother had just gone through.  A tap on the passenger window a few minutes later made Cas cry out and Sam jumped, both from the tap and the sound Cas made.  They both turned to see Jody and another officer standing outside the Hummer.  Sam rolled his window down.
Mordecai gestured towards Giselle who was setting bowls out on the table.  She smiled and Dean approached her, waiting for her to turn and fully face him.  He bowed his head in submission and when she offered a hand, he kissed it gently.
“That does sound good.”  He pulled the pen and the pad of paper off the fridge and made a quick list.  After finishing his glass of juice he rinsed it and set it in the dish rack.  “I’m going to let Andy know as I think he’s the one working this morning, and then I’m going to go get dressed.”
Dean called Charlie to fill her in before calling Jody.  For that call he went to sit in the living room.  Cas was still asleep, and he didn’t want to worry him further.
That being said, I do hope you enjoyed this chapter and that you enjoy future chapters.  I also REALLY hope you read the beginning notes so that you're thoroughly prepared for the rest of this fic.  Leave a comment, I love them, and I am responding to them (albeit slowly due to everything I have going on atm).  I love seeing what you all think.
in the case of true mates.  Castiel is my true mate, as I have said multiple times already.”  He pointed at another reporter.
“I checked. There’s nothing under there and Mischief is over there on the chair.” Cas nodded to the sleeping cat. So their room was safe. He nodded as he walked over to the bed. The kids were piled together in the center, all looking up at him with wide eyes.
Dean chuckled and shook his head.  “No, but trust me, Sam snooped enough for ten others.”  Gabe laughed too as he walked to his closet to select a shirt.
“Pink would be nice.  Maybe a mix of them since this is a big flower bed?  We…”  The word felt foreign on Cas’ tongue. “Could add in a few more colors too?”
“It was in use, there’s a difficult delivery going on down the hall,”  she explained.  He couldn’t begrudge them that.  His pups weren’t the only important ones.
“They’re going to be wonderful.”  Sam sighed dreamily as he thought of his nieces.  They were so precious, so perfect.
“I know it’s an antiquated ceremony and more for show than anything, but…I’d like to marry you, Cas. I want you to be my husband as well as my mate. And I’d like to do it before our pup is here, so maybe we can take some pictures together before you start to show.”
“Dean, please, just tell me what it is you want.  I would give you anything I could, you know this.  So what is it that you are wanting to ask?”
“You’re quite welcome.  Like I said, Jude picked them out.  He has really good taste.  He’s picked up some really cute things already for Dahlia.  We still have to pick out her crib and dresser, but we’ll do that soon.”  Alfie was just glad his brother and brother in law liked what they’d bought for them.
“Oh fuck!”  Dean cried.  Another even more powerful orgasm slammed into him and his entire body shuddered violently.
“Oh, he knows.  He’s just too crazy to care.  If he gets caught, he’s facing up to thirty years for his threat to my claim and his assault on Sam.  And that’s if his extracurricular activities don’t come to light as well,”  Dean said smugly.
“Smells good.  I can help, it’ll go faster.  We have a lot of mouths to feed,” he mumbled as he started a pot of coffee.
did. It was Giles Corey, but it was worse than just cursing that sheriff. He died suddenly four years later of a heart attack. His replacement then died from similar causes. Then the one after that and the one after that and the one after that, all the way into the 1990’s when they moved the station from Salem to Middleton. The sheriffs since then haven’t suffered the same fate.”
“I’d like to do it next week, if you’re feeling up to it.  I’m getting word that the people are beginning to think that I hold myself above them and think that my family is better because I’m not opening up like I did in the past.  I need to reassure them that that’s not the case.  I need them to know that Aidan has issues, and we’ve been taking care of our son because our pups,
“Hey, Cas?” He poked his head up to look at his husband. “It’s getting late and the kids have school in the morning. Instead of leaving Jack standing there, why don’t you go see if he can sleep with one of the girls? Then we can do a thorough monster check without keeping him up.” The tone of his voice told Cas that something was up but his husband was smart enough not to worry their son.
“It is.”  Dean lifted his head and scented the air.  Something had the wolves agitated.  “Is there more going on than just a death?”
“No, none,” Cas shook his head. “It could have been for a variety of reasons. She might have actually been a practicing witch, or she might have fallen in love with someone else and had an affair. Who knows? It could have even been because her husband didn’t want to be married to her anymore.”
“Unfortunately, yes.  Aidan has trouble breathing and has a ’round-the-clock nurse because of that.  It’s why we haven’t done this press conference sooner.  Our son’s health came first.  We weren’t neglecting the good people of this city, we were just so scared that we would lose our son.”  Cas looked over at Dean who gave a small smile and nodded.
“I walked here, I happen to live right around the corner.  Or I can park his truck in my driveway until he’s out of the hospital.”
“It’ll be perfect because it’s for the two of you.  It’s not all of the crap going on in the background that makes the wedding perfect.  No one will remember twenty years from now whether they ate steak or fish at your wedding reception.  What they will remember is that you promised your life to Gabe, and he promised his to you.  With me and Cas?  He just told me what he wanted, I made it happen, and yes, there were problems, but we took it in stride.  The first caterers we hired, they went bankrupt due to lawsuits for food poisoning, so we were forced last minute to hire a new one.  The flowers were wrong, the first cake burned, and there was some other stuff.  But we just sort of sucked it up and kept going.  In the end, it was just that I was marrying the man I love, and that’s what I really remember, the vows and promising to love him for the rest of my life.”  Dean tipped his beer in his brother’s direction.
“Thank you Dean, for helping me through that.  I know it’s just the beginning but for me the first wave is almost always unbearable to endure alone.”
“So, provided you don’t pop between now and then, I want to see you back here in two weeks.  Once you’re past the eight month mark I want to see you once a week.  I’d like to see you get as close to your due date as possible,”  Doctor Sanders said.
“Such a strong, healthy pup, aren’t you?”  For the first time since he was a boy, Dean saw a genuinely warm smile cross Mordecai’s face as he looked at Molly.  She looked shyly up at the man before looking at Dean to see if the Alpha was safe.  Dean smiled encouragingly.
Because of the circumstances and the need for privacy, everything Doctor Sanders needed to take care of the pups and examine them was there in the room.  She got the pup weighed and measured before doing the APGAR test.  The nurse took him when she was finished, putting his diaper on and swaddling him tight in a receiving blanket before putting him in the incubator.  Gabe took more pictures and brought the phone over to show Dean and Cas.  The next set of contractions were starting and the water for the second pup had broken already, but Cas still snatched the phone from his brother.
Cas stepped into the tent.  “I want you to meet my brother Michael.”  He motioned for Michael to come in.  Dean walked over and took the hand the other Alpha offered him.  There was that familiar scent that identified them as Novaks.
“Yes.  Like I said, I was young and stupid.  She was twenty, I was sixteen.  Never let me claim her.  I should have known she didn’t intend to stay,”  Gabe sighed, his misery apparent.
“Are you horny again?”  Dean asked.  Cas blushed and ducked his head, laying it on the Alpha’s shoulder so he didn’t have to look his mate in the eye.
Cas eyed him for a moment.  He hadn’t eaten anything since that shake and a bit of beef broth Tess had ordered earlier, and he was pretty hungry.  Actually, he was starving.  He was torn.
Leave me a comment, let me know what you think.  You're almost caught up to where I've already written.  I'm trying so hard to write so many fics right now.  Please have patience with me, I'm trying here!  Lol!  I hope you liked this chapter.
“We have to go, Sam.  Mordecai has given an order and we have to obey it,”  Dean told his brother.  Sam was still shaking as he got to his feet.
“Yeah, ok.  Give it to me.”  He accepted the piece of paper just as Gabe was coming out of his room.
“Is he ok? Can I talk to him? Would that be alright with you all?” Victor approached the table slowly and when Donna motioned towards the seat on the other side of Dean, he quickly sat down and laid a comforting hand on his friend’s back. “Hey, Man, I didn’t expect you to be crying on these here nice Omegas. What’s going on?”
“Could…um, maybe could you cook on that for dinner?  I’ve never eaten barbecued food and I would like to see what it tastes like.”
“Oh my! You scared me!” He gasped and clutched at his face. “What are you supposed to be? I didn’t realize Ghostface wore fairy wings.”
Dean arranged for the plane again, but he also arranged for a second plane to take the security staff.  He wanted to be alone with his mate, and that wasn’t going to happen with four other large, menacing-looking Alphas sitting around them.  The last thing he needed was for Cas to be stressed, and if Cas was stressed on the flight, he wouldn’t be able to successfully keep Dean from panicking.  Thankfully the flight to Tampa was short, and Cas was relaxed and happy when they landed.  Three orgasms will do that to a person.
person that can impregnate my brother is Dean.  I can’t even imagine the tortures he would have inflicted upon my brother if he could have gotten away with stealing him, but of course we all know he wouldn’t have even gotten that far had he actually shot Dean.  I was ready to jump in front of him if it meant he and Cas had a chance of surviving.”  Gabe poured beer into his mug and took a gulp.
“You also just gave me an idea of what I’m going to turn this place into.  This will be the new police station.”  He stood up and began giving orders to his men, directing them to search every room, from the attic down to the basement.  Gabe wandered over to a long counter that served as a bar and nosed around behind it.
“It would be my honor to be your mate Dean.  And…I think I’m falling in love with you.”  He heard the tiny gasp and felt as Dean’s body tensed.
Dean forced himself not to react to his mate’s anger.  It wouldn’t do them any good if he got into a fight with the man.  Instead he took a deep breath.
“Definitely,” Cas huffed. “I never want to see one again. As long as the kids are safe, that’s all that matters. I hung up my sword the day Dean asked me to marry him. I have no plans to pick it up again, not unless my hand is forced.”
“Is her true mate still here?  Is he alive?”  Dean asked.  Everyone was quiet for a moment before Mordecai answered.
“When I...killed...Alistair, was I going to shift?”  Cas was wondering about that.  He’d heard that his fangs had elongated and his nails had come out, something that had never happened before that day, and hadn’t happened since, though he had felt something changing once when he got really upset a few months back.  It had felt like things were...moving, deep inside his body.
“Alistair.  He broke into the Roadhouse last night, trashed the place, and then tried to break into my aunt’s apartment upstairs.”  Dean didn’t want to lie to his mate.
“Dean!  My brother and his mate are going to be here any minute!  I don’t have the time to get the girls washed up
“Hey El?  There are some things in a bag in the top drawer of the dresser.  It’s stuff for Cas, can you grab it and bring it in here?”  Dean asked.
“Alistair escaped the hospital he was being treated at some time last night or early this morning,” he said.  He wasn’t sure what kind of reaction he was expecting from his mate, but for Cas to remain perfectly still, his eyes now locked on the backyard where it lay beyond the sliding doors, was not it.
“You are very handsome, Dean.”  Cas told him, blushing as soon as the words left his mouth.  Dean smiled at the compliment.
That was how Sam and Gabe found him.  Drunk, crying, and reliving the events that nearly cost him and his family their lives.
Dean returned just before sunset, dirty, tired, and sore.  He laid down at Cas’ feet and shifted back.  Cas had received help from Alan, Jo, and several young Omegas to get the pups all back to the dwelling they’d been staying in, and when his mate settled with his head in his Omega’s lap, Cas ran his fingers through his mate’s hair.
“Don’t let the exterior fool you, this place has the best burgers in town.”  He gave her a wink before getting out and coming around to her side to open her door for her.  She smiled at the gesture.
1. He didn't live in Lawrence.  While he sniffed around after Mary died, he wasn't really "around".  So when John packed the kids up and left, Samuel didn't follow.  He had a life of his own in another city, so he had no clue what his grandsons were enduring.  John kept the boys away, for the most part, from everyone they had known.
“Ok, I’m going to be in the office for a bit with Charlie. I need her to go over some stuff for work, but I’ll be back shortly.  And don’t be surprised if Sam pops in to see how you like the table. He tried it last night and didn’t want to get off,” Dean chuckled.
“I know.  They’re already dropping their feedings.  I’ve been supplementing with formula the last couple of days and they’re taking to it quite well.”  Cas said.  “I think they knew before I knew.”
Sam scooped Ellie up and met Gabe at the door, handing her to him.  By the time he closed the door his brother and brother-in-law were out like a light.
Dean rolled his eyes.  “It won’t be an issue once I claim him.  A true mate bond can’t be broken, so they can pine away but it’ll be useless.”
Cas shivered.  The water was getting cold so Dean drained it and began refilling the tub with clean, warm water.
Dean’s heart swelled at hearing Cas call him “darling.”  The man didn’t use pet names often, if ever, so this made it even more special.
“Alright.  I’m going to go change.  I’ll be down in about ten or fifteen minutes.  I still need to let Dean know I’m leaving.”
“Oh!  Dean!  These are the cutest things ever!”  Cas gushed as he pulled out two fluffy tutus and two leotards.  “I can’t wait for them to wear these!”
“N-need you to f-face me baby.  N-need to claim y-you,”  Dean was gasping.  Cas pulled off long enough to turn around before sinking back down and taking Dean’s entire cock in one go.  He moaned and let his head fall forward onto Dean’s shoulder.
“Yeah, I got caught up with a horde and it was almost impossible to shake them. Then this happened,” Dean motioned to his forehead.
“Something’s wrong.  I’m calling the alarm company now.”  He already had his phone out and was dialing.  Dean took the food to the kitchen.  Cas followed after watching his brother set the alarm again.
“Yeah.  He left a note for you on the fridge.”  Sam didn’t even look up; he was busy still typing.  Cas pulled out the orange juice and looked at the piece of paper stuck on the door.
“Hey, it’s ok.  You and Jude, you’ll be ok.  Call him, tell him he can relax.  That stress isn’t good for your pup.”
“I won’t leave it on all the time, but I’d like to walk them and have them wear it.  I think it would be cute,”  Cas said.  He spotted a store with shoes and glanced down at his own.  He’d had the ones he was currently wearing for at least ten years now and they were full of holes.  Dean noticed and started for the store.
“Thank you.  We would like to invite you to dinner tomorrow night, if that’s alright.  Jude insists.”
Cas nodded and once Dean had stood up, he allowed his mate to help him to his feet too.  He waited for his Alpha to get one of the slings and helped him into it.  Dean knew full well that when his son was like this, Cas wouldn’t let anyone else, save for possibly Donna hold him.  His mate was fiercely protective of their pups, but with Aidan’s fragile health, he was even more protective.
“I brought this on you.  I brought this on all of you.  This is all my fault.  If I’d just submitted to him when he first came after me, you’d all be safe.  Now…”  He shook his head and pushed Dean’s hands away when he reached out for him.  He didn’t want to be comforted.  “He wanted me and I wouldn’t let him have me, and now he’s raining hell down on your family.  On our
Alfie laughed and nodded.  “Sure, I’ll bring him by.  He’s a little wary around Alphas, that’s why I didn’t bring him to the wedding.  He’s scared of Luke and Bart.  But I think that given time, he’d like Gabe, and he’d like Dean.”  He looked down at the pup sleeping in Cas’ arms.  “So this is Aidan, eh?  He’s beautiful.”
“They’ve been little angels, and Aidan’s oxygen levels before bed were within reason.  This makes it officially twenty four hours that he has gone without needing oxygen or his inhaler.  And Evie’s bug bites are healing up nicely.  She didn’t fuss at all today.  None of the pups did, actually.”  She whispered.  Looking past them she noticed Jo was not with them.
“You keep hinting at something and then completely skirting around it when I ask questions. Just come out and say it, stop screwing with me.” He demanded. His anger petered out and he sat calmly, waiting for Castiel to explain things.
Dean stripped out of his shirt first and was dismayed to find that it had no back and unbuttoning it was pointless as it fell off him. He dumped it in the sink before starting on his pants. At least those were intact. When he got them off he grimaced. They’d thought he was dead and hadn’t put any underwear on him. Rude.
“Hi!”  Cas greeted her happily.  He set his yarn and hook aside and held a hand out to her.  She went to him, smiling as he squeezed her hand.
Dean pulled Cas close, rubbing the Omega’s wrists across his neck before leaning in to nuzzle at the Cas’ neck.  The Omega shuddered, a small gasp escaping his lips at their close contact.  Dean pulled back, a soft smile on his lips.
“I’ve done some reading up on traditions.  Traditionally, I’m supposed to enter Gabe’s pack at which point he is to strip off my outer robes and dress me in those of his pack, but since we’re doing this backwards, I’m supposed to strip him of his and put our robes on him.  In the old days that would be the break where he mated me, and once we were able to pull apart, I would be dressed in the new robe.  Since we’re skipping that part I figured we’d exchange vows, I would remove his outer robe, and because I’m not letting everyone see my mate’s bits he’ll have a linen shirt and pants on underneath, and then I would drape the robes of our pack around him.  Do you think people will think we’re weird for him taking my name and choosing our pack?”  Sam still worried about that.
He watched with wide eyes as Dean moved closer until there was barely any space between them.  His hands moved forward, coming to rest on Cas’ hips as their mouths pressed gently together.  His eyes fluttered closed and he sighed as the kiss became more firm.  Cas brought his arms up, circling them around his future mate’s neck and pulling him closer.
Dean felt so awful.  His guilt was so deep it brought him to tears and he hugged his mate tighter at the next contraction.  Cas moaned and his eyes fluttered before opening.
Once they were up in their loft, Cas pulled the cord that kept the curtain pulled back and let it fall down to block out the main room.  There was a window up here that opened out but he was afraid to open it and let those bugs in.  He was hot but worse than that, he was horny.  Having so much access to skin on skin contact with his mate had basically started a low burning fire in him all night, and Dean had not held back with the touches and gentle caresses.  He’d held Cas as they watched the dancing, his fingers brushing up and down the Omega’s arms, occasionally leaving tender kisses on his neck and shoulders.  He had somehow managed not to leak slick but it was threatening now to come out in rivers if he didn’t have Dean’s hands and mouth on him soon.
“The way they grew up?  I’m honestly surprised that all the Alphas are complete dicks.  Mike is ok, and Gabe is ok.  I hope I never meet their father.”  The flash of anger he felt caused Cas to wake with a start.
Dean was pleased to see that his ratings were only continuing to rise after the question and answer session with Ginger.  Abby arranged for a few more interviews, something he hated but realized were a necessity.  She suggested a tour of the house on camera, so people could see for themselves that it wasn’t all a front, that Cas really did share a bed and a life with Dean.  Cas, reluctant at first, was eager to not only show off his home, but he took the time to pull his bag from the back of the closet and show America the meager things he had owned before meeting Dean.  He had kept them, he said, to show his children down the line where it was that he had come from, so they could truly see the difference their father made for Omegas everywhere.  To everyone’s surprise Cas still drove the same car he’d owned when he first met Dean, and it wasn’t because Dean didn’t offer him newer and better things, it was because the car held deep sentimental value to him.  It was a part of who he was.  Dean just made sure that it always ran like new.
“Sure, you can talk to me about anything.  What’s on your mind?”  Dean pulled out a frying pan and got started making the bacon.
Dean smiled at the scowl on the Omega’s face. “Not in the slightest. But you’re right, I need my watch back. What if they figured out that it has internet though?”
Cas looked at the Beta stretched out in the backseat.  Sam offered a lazy smile.  Cas smiled back.  He liked Sam and felt safe around the man.  His eyes shifted back to Dean.
“Yeah, a glass for me too.  Who do you have there?”  Dean motioned to the pup in the sling on his mate’s chest.
"Alphas like me, the ones that weren't infected, we're now quite rare. Roughly 10,000 in a population of some 300,000,000 wolves, 100,000,000 of which are now
“What’s the matter, sweetheart?”  He wanted to touch his mate but the man didn’t want that at the moment, so he settled for simply standing close by.
The mood improved after that and Dean took over at the grill.  Cas stuck close to his side, asking a million questions about everything from how he got the meat to stick together to what seasonings he had used.  The three men ate together around the table in a spacious nook just off the kitchen and Cas raved over the burger.  With the opportunity to eat until he was actually full for once, he ended up eating another half a burger as well as the homemade French fries Dean had made to go with dinner.  Sam was busily eating a salad with his burger and Cas had some of that as well.  By the time he was done eating he was stuffed.  He helped Sam clear the table and moved to the sink to begin washing the dishes.
Dean breaks down and tries to drink away his feelings.  Sam and Gabe find him sobbing in his office, trying to drown his emotions.  Sam does his best to soothe his brother and get him cleaned up before Cas finds him.  Even Alphas have their limits.
“Oh yeah, she’s sound asleep.”  Dean went back around to his side of the bed and laid down.  He looked over at his mate.  “Are you comfortable?”
“To cry.  Whoever told you Alphas can’t cry was an idiot.  They can’t always be stoic and strong.  It’s a heavy cross to try and bear alone.  I’m your mate, Dean.  I’m not going anywhere.  I just…I feel helpless.  Like this is all my fault.  I talked to Ellen and to Jo, and they both kept repeating the same thing everyone else keeps telling me, that it’s not my fault.  It just feels like it is, and I feel responsible for everyone’s safety.  Including yours.”  Cas was calmer now, his scent back to its normal pleasantness with an underlying sweet, strawberry cupcake scent that Dean was already growing to love.
“No, I’ll be terrified every moment of every day,”  Sam admitted.  Gabe lifted his hand and kissed the back of it.  He knew his Alpha would protect him, but a part of him would live in permanent fear if Luke was let go.  “What about you, Gabe?”
“I’ll take her.”  Gabe held out his hands and Dean handed her over.  Evangeline was starting to fuss so he went and picked her up.
Cas rolled over to face Dean.  In the pale light filtering in through the window Cas could make out Dean’s face.
“I watched the press conference you held.  Good job of putting a lid on those rumors before they could get out of control.  Too bad you have another asshole brother in law though.”  She said.
“Right this way sir,"  she said as she led them through the restaurant to a small table that overlooked a large pond.  As they sat down Cas smiled as he watched the ducks floating on the water.
“I found hinges,” Cas looked down at him. “Dean’s meeting ended at two, can you call him and ask him to come home? I don’t know how to get this open and if I go hammering away he’ll have a stroke.”
“In here,” Cas turned the closet light on and let Dean go in first. He pointed up at the hinges. “See?”
“Alistair aimed the gun at me and threatened to shoot me.  My brother in law attempted to talk some reason into him, but he was unable or unwilling to listen.  It was explained repeatedly to Alistair that a true mate bond cannot be broken, and that killing me would also kill my mate, but he refused to believe us.  At that time something happened.  My brother in law was holding me back, preventing me from attacking Alistair to free my mate.  He was afraid Alistair would shoot before I could get him to release Castiel, so he did what he felt was best for both myself and my mate to keep us safe, all while continuing to try and talk sense into Alistair.  He still refused to listen and he cocked the gun.  At that point, my mate attacked him.”
Dean breaks the news about Alistair to the family.  Cas has a fierce determination to stick by his mate's side as he heads out to The District.  They butt heads but Cas is stronger of will than Dean ever gave him credit for.
“I…denied an Alpha.  He tried to take me against my will.  He wasn’t my true mate and the man was incredibly sadistic and cruel.  When I told him no and refused to let him …mate me, he followed me home and ruined my car.  He smashed the windshield in, popped all the tires, and removed some things under the hood that I’m not even sure what they went to.  I can get it fixed in bits, but I don’t have the money yet for it.”
By that point Cas was absolutely miserable.  He could barely move and getting to his feet without assistance, and without his belly brace, was next to impossible.  This particular morning he was cranky.  He’d been having mild contractions for two weeks already, and they were finding it to be more and more of a struggle to keep the pups in as long as they could.  He was at thirty three weeks, a day away from thirty four, but when he woke that morning the contractions were downright painful.  The bed was empty, Dean no doubt downstairs in his office talking to the various staff down at city hall as he gave orders and set up meetings.  Most mornings now Dean was up by six and getting his work done so that by ten, when Cas usually woke up, he already had breakfast ready and could spend the rest of the morning and afternoon doting on the Omega.  Today, though, it was a little after eight and the cramping in his belly was just too much to let him sleep.  He found the intercom button, a nifty device Dean had installed around Cas’ fifth month so he could reach his mate anywhere in the house, and he called down to Dean’s office.
“I agree.  I’m not one, despite my upbringing.  My dad tried to make me one but I refused,”  Gabriel told him.  He leaned an elbow on the table and looked Sam over.
“I don’t either.  I’m not playing games here.  I-I want you.  I….need you, Gabe,”  Sam said softly, his tone pleading with the Alpha.
“I don’t believe I know anyone clinically insane named Becky that lived in The District.”  Cas knew there were two women named Becky but they were both exceptionally sweet.
“What say you, Alpha as to the charges that you harmed your Beta?” the male Omega asked.  Luke didn’t answer right away, at least, not until Mordecai growled loudly enough that the sound reverberated off every wall.
Dean carried the box down the hall to his brother’s room.  Sam was standing in front of his closet sifting through his clothes.
“True, but I would like the opportunity to speak with my brother about some family issues.”  Dean felt like an ass for teasing after that.
“It’s ok, you know,” he said once Dean had fallen silent.  Dean’s head was resting in his lap, but he turned to look up at him.
The Alpha seemed to be putting up one hell of a fight just outside Cas’ apartment but he kept away from the door.  He was too scared to move from the window.  Every now and then the redhead called up to him.
“You’re right.  I love him so much.”  His throat felt tight and he swallowed down the lump that had suddenly formed so he didn’t cry.
Gabe liked to think he was a good Alpha.  He picked up the pace until Sam was screaming his name and he was pounding into him with everything he had.  With a roar that caught Sam off guard, Gabe suddenly pulled out and grabbed the Beta.  In one smooth movement he lifted the man and turned him around to sit him in his lap.  He smirked at the look of surprise on Sam’s face before he brought him down, entering him once more and picking up exactly where he’d left off.  Sam hung on for dear life, screaming the Alpha’s name as the heat began building low in his belly.  His head fell back in ecstasy as he met Gabe on every thrust, pushing down as the Alpha pushed up, meeting in the middle in a sweaty, pleasure-filled grind that was bringing them both close to climax.  Gabe’s knot began to swell and Sam moaned, pushing down hard on it as it popped, locking them together.  Gabe dropped his forehead to Sam’s shoulder as he came, pulsing hot inside his lover.  He noticed Sam’s cock was still hard between them, leaking pre-come, so he grabbed it, stroking it fast as he pulsed a second time inside the man.  With a slight twist of his hips he brushed across Sam’s prostate and that was it, he was clenching tight around Gabe as he came in hot spurts.  Gasping for air he collapsed against Gabe’s chest.
Apparently Tess had spoken too soon.  Early evening faded into night and then into early morning, and Cas was holding steady at eight centimeters.  Dean wanted badly to pace, but he remained sitting on the stool, only leaving twice to use the other bathroom and get a drink of water.  His ass was numb and his back ached, but his mate was clinging to him and he was focused on making this as comfortable as possible for Cas.
“We have to get to the bar,” he said.  Alan nodded and motioned to the men by the door.  He tucked his phone into his pocket.
“Of course not.  I will be honest, for a time in my early years I thought I was superior to them, but then I met Anna, and I knew I could never treat her the way our father treated our mother.  I like to think I treat my mate with the love and respect that she deserves.”  He looked at the redhead standing next to him.  She smiled and nodded.
“Don’t worry, sweetheart, I’ll take care of you.”  Dean couldn’t resist purring and nuzzling against the Omega.  He smelled of heat, but underneath that was a scent that was distinctly Cas.  It was quickly becoming his favorite thing to smell.
“Dean Winchester’s here.  He’s out there looking for you,”  Missouri nodded towards the garage.  The man’s eyes narrowed as he looked through the window in the door.
“Dean, what are we going to do?  I fear he will never stop!  How many people is he going to hurt?  How many will he kill to get at me?  Oh…I don’t feel very well.”  Dean had guided Cas to the edge of the bed, gently urging him to sit down but now the Omega was holding his stomach and looking more than a little green around the gills.  Dean went to the door and called down the hall to Gabe.
“Sammy, come here, buddy.  It’s Dean.”  He knelt down, keeping his movements slow.  Sam turned to look at him.  The haunted look in his eyes scared Dean.  Sam would no doubt need therapy again after this.  Possibly even hospitalization.  He held out his arms and slowly Sam crawled out of Cas’ lap and into his brother’s arms.
“If it will make you feel safer, go ahead, but no one is going to touch you,”  Dean told him.  Cas locked the door and hurried to the bed.  He started to pull the covers back and get under them when Dean stopped him.
“You can text me too, if you’re unable to call.  Text any time you want.”  There was hidden meaning behind those words, as though Dean was almost begging him to text him.
“Thank you.  You saved me from having to do all of that later by myself.  Go into the nursery and on the top shelf of the armoire is a box.  It contains the outfits we’re going to dress the pups in.  Also, can you grab the blankets Cas made them?  They’re hanging over the railing of each crib,”  Dean asked.
“Yes, actually.  I’m not used to this, it’s going to take some getting used to.  Being hungry, yes, I’m used to a gnawing hunger always being there, sort of like white noise, but these last few months?  Having enough food to fill my belly and
Cas looked up at their new house, the smile on his face one that his husband loved to see. He was happy, but it was a different kind of joy the man was feeling. For the first time, they were homeowners. It was an incredible feeling.
He found the underwear section and grabbed three packs of boxer briefs for Cas.  They would be easier for him to put the pad in than regular boxers would, he reasoned, not to mention the Omega would look incredibly sexy in them.  A few new tee shirts and some sweats were added to the growing pile of stuff he was carrying before he made his way to the cashier.  He was rung up quickly and back on the road to go home just a few minutes later.
“Alistair got his claws in her.  She…bled out.  They took her body for evidence.”  Sam explained.  Dean frowned deeply.
Gabriel’s jaw dropped.  “Wait, you’re telling me they found each other…and didn’t mate immediately?”
“No, I had no idea!  Are the pups safe here?”  Cas was now worried because Ellie and Molly had been off playing with other pups in the pack most of the day and not where he could easily see them.
“Hey Sam!  Gabe!  Come here!”  Dean yelled when he finally pulled back.  Gabe appeared first and Sam limped in a minute later.  Sam looked infinitely better than he had even twelve hours earlier.  Another day or two and he’d be healed.  Thank God for fast healing!
Life here was so different than it was once you left and went into the cities.  Here, Omegas were respected and revered.  They were treasured by their mates and seen as valuable members of the pack.  In the cities, they were treated like garbage, seen as useless for anything other than breeding.  Cas realized that Dean lived by the old ways, which was why his Alpha was so kind and gentle with him, and why he never once treated Cas like he was less than his equal.  Dean was a rare Alpha out in the new world.  He now understood why his mate wanted to come back here as often as he could.  This place was infinitely more comfortable to his Alpha than the negativity and sexism that ran rampant within the cities.
“I gave Sam some small meals throughout the day to make it possible for him to take pain pills, but he’s a fast healer so he’s already taking way fewer.  I could go for some food,”  Gabe said.
“This is nice,” Dean looked at the faucet. It was definitely modernized yet it was a style that matched the house. It was meant to look old fashioned.
be getting them tested.  The orientation of our pups does not matter to us.  We will raise everyone equally and love them all the same.”
“Don’t take offense, Jody, but if my father were still alive I wouldn’t even let him inside.  My mate is in there, and he’s in heat,” he explained.  He turned the alarm back on just out of sheer paranoia.
“And hungry, apparently,”  Dean chuckled.  He guided his mate over to the bed and helped him lie down.  Cas undid the robe and reached out for his pup.  Sam handed her over.
“On Thursday, August twenty ninth I was touring through The Omega District with my husband and mate, Castiel Winchester, and my brother in law Gabriel Novak when we were caught off guard by Alistair Crane, an Alpha that was stalking and harassing my mate against his will for close to a year now.  He had no claim on my mate, and Castiel had, on multiple occasions denied his advances.  When I met Castiel it was apparent immediately that he was my true mate.”
“This movie is meant to be a parody,” Cas spoke up, joining in the debate though he hadn’t wanted to. “It’s supposed to be ridiculous. I like that they put a kid as the protagonist, though I wish the eighties and nineties had been more proactive about adding POC’s into their movies. These movies are all so...white.”
Dean was torn.  His brother needed him but he needed to keep his Omega safe too.  He peeled Cas’ fingers off his shirt and held the man’s hands tightly between his own.
Dean was already on the phone making arrangements for Ivy.  Not for the first time, and certainly not for the last, Cas felt immense pride that this man, this Alpha was
“I have to, we are expecting a huge shipment today.  And I have to travel to the other shops in the area.  It’s been scheduled for weeks now.”  Gabe poked at his eggs and looked over at his niece Ellie who was sitting in the high chair closest to him.  She was gnawing on a piece of toast with jelly.  He smiled softly at the pup when she noticed him looking and gave him a gummy grin.
“Jack wasn’t lying, there was something under his bed,” Dean said as he got to his feet. His knees were angry at him but a couple of ibuprofen later would help. For now, he was worried about their son.
“No, baby.  I think you’re gorgeous all the time, but even more so when you’re carrying my pups.  You know I don’t lie to you.  You’d bite me if I did.”  Dean rubbed gently at his mate’s belly.  Cas laughed.
“That’s fine.  They can play with Henry and Holly.  They’re right about their age.  It’ll be ok and we’ll see you in a few hours.”  She told him.
“You did so good, sweetheart, I’m so proud of you.  We have four beautiful babies.  They’re perfect, so perfect.”  Dean kissed every spot on his mate he could reach and watched as Tess handed over their newest daughter.  She laid the pup on Cas’ chest where she squirmed and squinted up at him.
So...did you like how that ended? We all know he's going to win, and he's going to have a successful eight year run. Could you picture them as grandparents? Or Sam and Gabe? The family grew, but you all knew it would. Who pegged Aidan as an Alpha?
“Well if you’re hungry I brought you some donuts and muffins.  They’re in a box down in the kitchen,”  Gabe was saying.
“Cole.  The Alpha’s name is Cole.  I had a nice conversation with his earlier.  He’s a good man.  Young, strong, and he’s been looking for a mate for a while now, but he hasn’t found anyone that he feels he is compatible with.  Until now.  He says he feels great affection for her, and he finds her very attractive.”  Cas snickered as he thought about the conversation he’d had earlier with the Alpha.  Cole had stood tall as he professed his feelings for Jo while she had stood beside him, rolling her eyes and blushing like a schoolgirl.  She had looked at him though with great fondness.  It was clear she had feelings for Cole.  When he had asked her to stay she had agreed without hesitation.
Mordecai raised his head and howled.  Multiple voices returned the howl from the edge of the forest.  As Dean and the others watched, people (Dean was glad they were all dressed in
they were calling a sudden press conference.  Once the announcement was made, he called his mate out to the stage.  The cacophony of voices that were already at a dull roar increased tenfold once everyone got a look at the Omega and his swollen belly.  He joined Dean, linking their hands together as he waited for the questions to die down so they could tackle answering them one at a time.  Dean pointed to someone in the front row.
“Cas?  Babe, you should be in bed sleeping.”  Dean was sitting in a rocking chair with one of the pups in his arms.  Cas could feel his mate’s concern for his health, but he was more concerned for the pups.
“I was thinking about what we were talking about yesterday, about my having friends.  I think Sam is my friend, and I know he’s my brother, but I think Gabe is, too.”  Cas played with the open buttons on his Alpha’s flannel as he talked.  “I want to go in to work tomorrow, after the blood drawing.”
“It’s less painful in water anyway.  Pups went longer than I expected.  I have the hospital on standby in case there are any complications.  I called Doctor Sanders but she said you had already called her.  She’s on standby as well,”  Tess said as she knelt down next to the tub.  “Are you timing them?”
“I’ve never eaten anywhere that required reservations.”  Cas confessed.  His nervousness must have been apparent because Dean reached over to take his hand, offering him a warm smile.
“No, sweetheart.  I won’t let him or anyone touch you, I promise.”  He put his arm around his mate’s waist as he approached the security staff and gave them a brief synopsis of what was happening.  He told them to wait as he led Cas into the shop.  A short woman came out from behind the counter and hugged Dean.
“What did it look like? You’re sure it wasn’t Mischief? She likes to growl sometimes.” Dean helped his son get dressed in the clean set of pajamas and then took his hand.
“You are?” Cas smiled. “You didn’t tell me you were doing that. I love all the things we learn but this isn’t a ghost tour, sweetheart, this is a witch tour. We’re going to learn about the witches that died during the Salem Witch Trials. This is also a wealth of information for you to impart on your students but...I looked some things up before I planned for this trip. You, my love, have ancestors that lived in Salem in the 1600’s, a Reverend Ezra Winthrop and his young wife, Honor Bright Winthrop. She was hung in 1671.”
“Yes, we need you.  I’ll have Alan and Rick stay with Jo to help with the pups.”  He decided.  Sure, they were security, but Alan was his friend, and he understood.
He chuckled and rolled his eyes fondly. At least, of all the masks she could have grabbed, this one was one of the least likely to scare her.
Dean opened the box and fished around, checking for an apple filled donut.  “I think this is one.”  He handed it over and Cas took a bite.
“That smells delicious, what are you making?”  Cas had followed his nose, drawn by the smell of cooking meat, and he was leaning past Dean to see what was in the pan.
“Hey, what exactly happened with Gordon in Chicago?  Gabe mentioned that Cas was attacked?  Cas won’t talk about it.”  Sam closed the door behind him; Dean motioned for him to sit down.
“Whoa!” Dean held his hands up in surrender. “I never said I didn’t believe you! I’ve always thought there were things out there, between the veil. If I could see my mother’s spirit years after she passed, then there has to be more out there than just what we call ghosts. If she hadn’t spoken to me, told me that my brother was about to do something monumentally stupid, then I might have just dismissed it, but she came to me in a frantic rush when Sam crawled out the window thinking he was Spiderman. I caught the little shit by his cape as he jumped.”
The chairs had been fixed and there was no sign that any kind of scuffle had ever taken place.  People looked curiously at them as Gabe led Sam up to the tree and took his hand.  Dean kissed his own mate softly on the cheek before moving to stand behind Sam.  Cas went to stand behind Gabe.
“Yes, we do look like her.  We have more family here.  Bartholomew is here with his mate, and Luke is coming, though he is no longer with his mate.  I spoke with Rachel’s mate, and he agreed to let her come too.  So they’re here.  Samandriel is here too, though his mate did not come with.”
Cas shook his head.  “No.  He won’t listen to an Alpha.  Perhaps I can say something later.  You could, however, say something to Gabe.”
Cas and Dean joined Charlie in the living room once they were certain all three kids were asleep. She handed over the gallons of Monster Spray she had made with a smile.
Cas placed a hand against the door.  It was risky to let an Alpha into his space.  So many things could happen, most of them not good, but the man smelled calm, and his voice was soft, unlike any other Alpha he had ever met before.  And this was his true mate.  He decided to take a chance.
“Then I would absolutely love to be your mate, Dean.”  Cas buried his face against the Alpha’s neck.  His purring picked up in intensity, turning from a mating acceptance one to one of contentment.  Dean’s courting had officially been accepted.  He wanted to sob with joy.
“You’re welcome to join us,” The red head offered her hand next. “I’m Charlie. This is Gilda, Eileen and Mr. Rude over there is Sam. It’s nice to meet you.”
I apologize for not getting this chapter up Wednesday.  I have been super busy, and I've been having some issues with my younger daughter  She has severe insomnia to start with, it goes along with her ODD and other issues, so she takes Melatonin just to be able to fall asleep.  She's a teenager, so trying to pry her iPod out of her hands is next to inpossible.  I've tried, trust me.  Starting last weekend she started having panic attacks when she would try to close her eyes to go to sleep, and that would snap her back into full wakefulness, and she'd be unable to fall asleep.  This was ongoing all week long, and she was lucky if she was getting an hour or two of sleep at night.  Last night I switched out the Melatonin for something different.  I put her in a different bed in a quieter room, she fell asleep and slept ten straight hours.  Her insomnia and literal hysteria was leaving me very little room to sleep since she would come into my room repeatedly all night long in tears just begging for sleep that wouldn't come.  So I had to focus on her, and I had to do the grocery shopping, and take care of my mother's needs, and I have barely gotten five minutes to sit still in the last week.  Most of my writing has been done on the go, on my phone on Google Docs, but I don't write this fic on there.  I write this one in Word, but I gave up, and started writing it in Docs, it's the only way I was able to get anything written at all.  So, apologies that it is late.  Next chapter is actually in my wonderful beta's hands now, and will be ready for Sunday.  I do hope you like this, and the rest of Alfie's visit.
“That’s where you’re wrong.  I don’t have guardianship of my brother.  Never did.  Dean does, and they’re mated, so you have no right to challenge anyway,”  Gabriel said as he ducked a punch aimed for his face.
pups. Cas was perfect. Their pups were perfect. Even now as Cas hummed softly to himself as he filled bottle after bottle, Dean felt content and happy, and he felt proud.
So...yeah.  I hope you all still love me.  Know this, I do have a plan.  Leave me a comment, I'm sure I'll hear screaming over the end of this chapter, but I DO have a reason.  Love you all, I can't WAIT to hear what you all have to say about THIS...
“Yes!” She jumped up and down excitedly. “I wanted to be a spider but they didn’t have any spider costumes. Jack’s a bear!”
“And this time I mean it.  Can we get them off to at least kindergarten before we have another one?  Any more toddlers running around and I might lose my mind!”
“No, I’m ok.  I can make my own food.  Go on, do your taxes.”  Cas had learned to make a few dishes, but his pregnancy hormones had him craving all sorts of things.  Lately he’d been craving the Puerto Rican food his friend Rosa Mendez used to make for him.  Rosa taught two languages and English as a second language at the high school and was married to a loving, wonderful Alpha.  She would bring in different dishes from time to time, and Cas always felt especially lucky when she did.  Her Alpha wasn’t wealthy but he worried about the other Omegas just like Dean did, and when she would ask if she could make a large pot of arroz con gandules, or three dozen pasteles, he never batted an eye.  Right now his stomach rumbled, and he craved her food.  Nothing in the fridge looked good.  He pulled out his phone and texted Meg.  She would be able to get in contact with Rosa.
“I’ve never used bleach before.  Could never afford it.  I had no idea it did that,"  he said as his senses came back to him.
Sam is a bundle of raw nerves in the days leading up to his wedding, and neither Cas nor Gabe can soothe him.  His brother takes him out for lunch one afternoon and finds the right words to help his brother relax.
“Everyone, this is Dean, my true mate.  He brought us lunch,”  Cas announced cheerfully.  There was murmuring among the group and a fair amount of wariness but hunger overruled it all and they began shuffling over as Dean set the pizza boxes down.
“Well, we’re getting real close now.  Multiple births rarely ever make it full term.  I’m surprised the contractions are only just now starting.  Two weeks from now makes the eight month mark.  You’re going to have two nice, big, healthy pups.  The longer you keep them in, the better off they’ll be.”  She put away the measuring tape and jotted something down in his chart before she pulled out her stethoscope.  “Everything good between you and your mate?  Stress can bring on early delivery.”
“Dean?”  Cas’ voice was barely more than a whisper.  He followed his mate’s voice over to the far corner where he found Sam curled up in Cas’ lap.  It had been years since he’d seen his brother like this, and he never wanted to see him in this kind of state ever again.  His own anger flared once again knowing that Luke had managed to cause this kind of hurt once more.  He approached his brother slowly.  Sam was trembling still; he could see it.
“It’s the same people that believed clothing was optional until winter, and then they wore skins of the animals they hunted.  Modesty was not a strong suit,”  Dean said.
“I came across a gang of rogues. They’re about sixty strong, armed to the teeth and they had some pretty nasty ideas of what they wanted to do to me. I had to outrun them, hide and just wait for the hordes to find them. And they did. After I got cracked in the head by one of them I snatched the bat and gave him a good ole love tap, about eight times. I made sure to splatter the rest of the bastards with his blood, and I hit their skin and hair as much as I could so it would be harder to remove. Then I stood back and let the hordes take them out. I had to lead them away from here, then take out as many as I could. The hordes sometimes come in handy. I halved the ones that were chasing me but I’m sure they were just the tip of the iceberg. I made absolutely sure I wasn’t being followed before I came back, by the living and the dead.”
“No, it wasn’t a cat!” Jack cried out in frustration. “I said it was a monster! Look under my bed, please?”
“I am an English teacher.  I teach at a high school down in Kansas,”  he replied.  Victor raised an eyebrow, his smile growing wider.
Dean sniffled, feeling his own tears threatening to spill.  He was failing, as an Alpha, as a mate, as a soon to be father.  As a man.  That thought pushed him over the edge and he lost it, the tears falling hard as his entire body was wracked with sobs.  He pulled his knees up to his chest and laid his head down on them as his own misery and self-doubt took over. Cas was his true mate, and he loved him more than anything, but he was putting his mate’s life in danger by expecting him to stay here.  What if Cas didn’t want him anymore?  He let out a strangled cry at that thought, his heart threatening to break.  Alphas weren’t supposed to cry, that’s what his father had always told him.  They were the strength in a family, the backbone.  But Dean didn’t really believe that, he never had.  The strength of an Alpha came from their Omega, and the thought that he could lose his…
“Yep.  Nice guy, stopped in today to pick up a dozen donuts for his work, a company lunch or something.  We got to talking and then flirting and I asked him out.  We’re meeting at a bar downtown.  And don’t worry, I won’t be bringing him back here,”  Gabe chuckled.
“I’m sorry Ellen, I hate to do this on a Saturday night but I can’t stay.  You can keep my tips, if I even earned any.”  Cas was trying hard not to cry as he took his apron off and laid it on his boss’ desk.
“Put your ear to the wall.” Cas pointed at the same wall he and Gabe had heard the disembodied voice.
“What about sunlight? Or silver? Does garlic repel us?” Dean had no option but to believe him. For heck sake, he crawled out of his own grave, and he didn’t have a heartbeat.
Dean didn’t want to hear about his brother’s sex life, but he understood his concerns.  “If for any reason he mistreats you, he’ll have to face me, but I really don’t think he will.  You need condoms?  Lube?”  He winked and Sam actually barked out a laugh so loud Bailey snapped her head around in surprise at the sound.
“Becky’s this off the wall Omega.  She’s not mentally stable, even in the slightest.  She met my brother at school.  She worked in one of the gift shops, and Sam walked in with a couple of his friends one afternoon.  One look at my brother and she became obsessed.  Ever since she’s been popping up in places where she knows she’ll run into my brother.  His favorite coffee shop, the stores he frequents, etc.  She tells him that she loves him and that one day they’ll be mates.  She creeps both my brother and me out.  I heard she started working for Sunshine Cleaning Services a few months back.  I’m not sure Sam knows that though.”
“Mordecai wants you both to relax and get some rest.  If you need help with the pups, someone will come when you call.”
“He’s the sweetest damn Omega I think I’ve ever met.  I really like him.”  Charlie looked up at Dean and smiled.  “He’s perfect for you, but you’re perfect for him too.  Don’t forget to let him take care of you in return.”
They finished the movie, and Cas left to go to the bathroom.  When he returned he stripped down to his boxer briefs and tee shirt, pausing to look down at his still flat stomach.  It was mind blowing to think that there was a tiny life growing inside there.  Or perhaps more than one.
“Oh, sure.  We can work on that on the weekends.  For now though we need to go shopping for clothes, and a new messenger bag for you, but I’m loath to do it here in the city.  I’m going to call a friend and as much as I despise flying, we’re going to head up to Chicago to go shopping.  That way I can pop in on the shops I have there while we’re in that area.  I have to see if Sam feels up to traveling or if he just wants to stay here,”  Dean said.  Cas gave a wry little smile before glancing back towards the hall.
“It’s where I’m from, and I’m happy here.  Besides, I won’t go traipsing all over the country until my brother takes a mate.  He needs me,"  he  replied.
The scent of summer, of rain and soft cotton hit him so strongly that he gasped, his eyes flying wide.
“Well then.  Ok, can I get you up here, honey?  I want to do a complete exam.  Your weight to height ratio tells me you’re a little thin, but if I know Dean, he’s been feeding you well.  How long have you been with him?  Did you mate the same day?”  She asked as Cas got up from the chair and climbed up onto the exam table.  He looked to Dean who motioned for him to answer the doctor’s questions.
Cas blushed and lowered his eyes to his folded hands.  “Y-yes.  I’ve never…”  He motioned with one hand.
Dean:  I’m taking Cas to Tampa this weekend for a furniture expo.  You’re invited.  Do you want to come?
“Well hello, sweetheart, how are you?”  Cas smoothed a lock of the pup’s hair out of his eyes and the little boy smiled.  He really was a beautiful child.
“Not for long you don’t.  Get the bills to me and we’ll get them taken care of before the end of the week.”  Dean said.
“G-give me the phone.  I n-need to call the doula.”  Cas held out one hand and Dean handed it over.  As he got the tub filled, Cas called their doula, Tess.  After confirming she was on her way, he hung up and left the phone on the sink.  Dean scooped him up again and lowered him into the water.
“The pup can stay with us in our room for the first few months.  Then when they’re sleeping through the night we can move them into the nursery, and we’ll get monitors so we can hear them and install cameras so you can see them wherever you are in the house.”  Dean ran his fingers through his Omega’s hair as he talked.  Cas found it soothing and purred in contentment. It pleased Dean knowing he could bring his mate this kind of peace in spite of what they were currently dealing with.  A knock at the door made both men look up.
“It’s alright, I know what you’re asking.  If you want my help, I’ll give it this time, but not again until we’re mated. Ok?”
“It’s more likely that one of the prostitutes that used to live here is squatting,”  Dean said. Cas murmured in agreement. Something bigger fell on the second floor, and Dean moved to stand in front of his mate.  Gabe did the same thing.  When Harold and David came back down the stairs they had a woman with them. She was frightened and so underweight it alarmed everyone still waiting on the first floor.  Cas pushed his mate and brother aside.
“So I found someone, my friend Elizar’s mom is from Puerto Rico and she actually has a small business that she runs out of her home making authentic foods from back home.  He called her on another phone while we were talking, and she has food already cooked right now.  He’s going to run some of it by in about an hour.  I think by that point Rosa should have gotten back to you, it’ll be after school by then.”
“Come on, baby.”  He motioned for his mate to come and Cas crossed the hall, stepping into the new room.  Instead of an exam table this room had a futon and two chairs, all vinyl covered, no doubt for easy clean up.  A cabinet in the corner proved to contain stacks of clean towels and a small door in the wall proved to be a towel drop.  There was even a shower in the far corner.  Evelyn really was equipped to be dealing with Omegas.  Dean was impressed.
So yes, Sam is bringing the twins by so they can meet their new siblings, and Gabe brings Henry too.  It's chaos, but that's parenthood for ya.  I hope you enjoy this chapter.
The house was incredible.  Cas was pretty sure every apartment in his old building could fit inside of it, with possible room for a few more units, and yet still the house was not what one would consider huge.  The front door opened into a grand foyer with marble floors that passed through to a large hall with oak flooring and matching staircase that led to the second floor.  To the right was what would have once been a sitting room but was now apparently a library.  Straight ahead, at the back of the house Cas could see a large, sunny kitchen.  Doors dotted either sides of the hall leading to it.  Dean took him through the first floor, room by room.  There was a den with a fireplace that the Alpha admitted was his favorite room in the winter.  He liked to light a fire, put on the large screen tv and watch football.  Another room was an office.  It smelled heavily of Dean and Cas knew this was probably where he spent most of his time.  The library was impressive and Cas found that he was eager to go through all of the books that lined the shelves, but the kitchen had him in absolute awe.
“I’m not sure yet.  I think so.  It will be cold, so I’d like to dress him or her in something warm.  Do you think…”  Cas turned a bit so he could face Dean.  “You could buy me some yarn?  My great aunt taught me how to knit and how to crochet, and I’d like to try and make a blanket to bring our pup home in.”
Dean shook his head.  “Well, until we can fully integrate all orientations and have them attend a single school, we’ll get the current Omega school up to speed.”  He’d promised his mate this already, but with everything he’d been trying to do thus far, it had slipped his mind.  He didn’t realize it was quite that bad though.  Cas walked over and hugged him.
“This man here is my brother Sam.  He is a Beta and he is going to take you into your bedroom where you will lock the door and stay quiet until I come to get you.  I am going to deal with that Alpha.  Do you know his name?”
“I’m sorry.  I don’t know why I got so upset.  Cassie is lovely and very non-threatening.  I just…”  Cas sniffled and buried his face against his mate’s neck, inhaling his scent, trying to calm himself.
“Course I can.  Henry likes to help me too.  He’s a good boy.  I’ll order a pizza and sit them down in the den to watch a movie.  At eight I’ll start getting them ready for bed.”  She helped out often enough that she knew the routine.
Cas looked back towards the outdoor kitchen where Sam was standing at the grill, his eyes downcast as he worked on it.  As friendly and calm as Sam was he never in a million years would have guessed the man had been tortured in such a terrible way.
“I wanted to apologize for earlier.”  Dean stroked his fingers through his mate’s hair and waited for the man to look up at him.
“Good, good.  Now what’s this I hear about you being pregnant again?”  There was a playful tone to her voice as she opened up Cas’ chart.  It made both of them smile.
Molly was down on the floor, playing with a little corn husk doll that Mordecai handed to her and babbling happily.  Ellie had escaped Mordecai and wandered over to see what her sister was playing with.  Kate, Alex, and Evie were laid out on a big bear skin rug between Cas and Reeva, all three awake and quiet, which surprised their fathers.  Aidan had dozed off in the sling but he was waking up.  The way he was fussing told Cas the pup was hungry.
“Be gentle,”  Dean told her.  She looked at him a moment later before looking at Cas who was trying to nurse a fussy Kate.
Dean lovingly washed his mate’s hair and body, his hands lingering over the man’s breasts, his thighs, his still hard cock.  He avoided moving lower, not wanting to make his Omega come before he was ready.  He knew it was starting to aggravate the man, so he made quick work of washing his own hair and body.  Ten minutes later Cas was draining the tub and climbing out.  He dried off and marched out of the bathroom without a word.  Dean scrambled to grab the towel Cas had dropped and used it to dry himself off.
“Got it.  Your order will be out shortly.”  As the man hurried off Dean was hit with his scent for a second time.  It was the most amazing thing he had ever smelled.  Soft and warm, it was comforting.  To him it smelled like…
Dean had hoped to skirt past the Halloween section without his daughter asking him for something but of course the woman with the cart in front of his had to come to a dead stop so she could admire some stupid plastic cauldrons. His daughter was faster than he’d thought a four year old could be and the moment he’d been forced to slow his own cart down Emma’s hand had shot out and snagged something.
Dean and Cas head to the airport and board the private jet to Chicago.  Problem is, Dean hates flying.  Cas has a way to take his mind off it though.
“Those are good names.  They’re having problems with Aidan though.  He stopped breathing on them twice since he was moved in there.  See how Dean’s not picking him up?  He’s just reaching through to touch the pup?  They’re afraid to move him.  I have two of my men coming to stand watch tonight.  I don’t trust those reporters outside not to bribe someone to take pictures, or to sneak one of their own inside.  I arranged for the pups to be cared for at the back, where clear pictures can’t be taken of them.  They said the first boy and Kate might be able to join Cas in the next few days, and the second girl, she’s the biggest, so she could go in as early as tomorrow.”
Dean sat on the edge of his bed and listened to everything his brother had to say.  It send chills through him to think that he had just put his Omega’s life in danger.
“Oh…Dean…she’s at a hundred point two.  I’m going to check Ellie and get the liquid Tylenol.  This is not a good day for the pups to be sick.”
“Yes, I can walk, but…hold on to me, in case another contraction hits harder than these ones,”  Cas looked up at his mate, and Dean could see the fear in the man’s eyes as well as feel it.
“Dean?  Talk to me.”  Sam knelt down next to his brother and placed a hand on his arm.  “Hey, it’s ok.  You’re ok, Cas is ok, come on, talk to me.”
“I called Ellen.  She sent me to the store to buy these.”  He held up two recently sterilized pacifiers before leading the way up the stairs and into the bedroom.  Cas was trying desperately to calm Molly, and he was crying with her.  Sam headed to the bathroom and came back a few minutes later.
I do hope everyone likes this chapter.  Yes, Aidan's start to life was a rough one, and he has a long road ahead of him, but he's a Winchester, and Winchesters are fighters.  For more information on what is going on with him, you can look here:
“Yeah, well, the usual happened,” Dean knelt down in front of the pack and opened it. People began coming over to see what he’d brought back and once he’d pulled out the box he’d specifically brought back for Cas he left the others to bring the pack inside.
“Slow down, sugar or you’ll make yourself sick,” she warned him.  He nodded but still took another huge bite.
Dean is afraid Cas will be upset with him over getting pregnant again so soon, but Cas is quick to ease his mate's fears.  They're a team and they can get through this together.
Dean jotted down one last note before looking up at him and nodding.  “I think I want to take Cas out of town this weekend.  Someplace with more equality so he’s not nervous the entire time.  Can you arrange an escort and lodging?”
Cas nodded eagerly, his brain too hazy from his heat to realize that Dean wasn’t going to stay with him the entire time.
, all because of one thoughtless reporter, it’s terrifying!  I am now going to insist that my mate add further protection against people like you, because I will not feel safe until he does.  As a fellow Omega, you have to understand the position you just put me in.  I am very unhappy, and very disappointed.  If you think I would give you an interview after that stunt, or that my husband would, you are sorely mistaken.  Your paper will be contacted and a formal complaint will be filed, both against you personally and against them.  If we are harassed any further, there will be lawsuits involved.  I do not ever want to see you again on my property.”  Cas turned to leave but stopped when something else came to mind.  He turned back to the other Omega.  “Oh, and your name and picture will be collected down at the station, and you will be permanently banned from all future press conferences.  I do not take the safety of my family lightly.”
“I went through this with Cas too.  Here, you reach under one arm, I’ll reach under the other.  Lift on the count of three,”  Dean said to Alfie.  The other man nodded.
“She sided with dad when he kicked me out.  She didn’t even stand up for me.”  He turned and wrapped his arms around Dean, needing the extra security.  This was an information overload, and it was overwhelming him.  Gabe’s face fell hearing his brother say that.
“And I know that already.  But you still need to rest, and I do too because we’re in this together, babe,”  Dean told him.  Cas looked up at his mate and smiled.
“And what way is that?”  Cas asked.  He watched his mate strip off his own pants and underwear.  Dean’s cock was hard and heavy where it rested against his stomach.  How this had once scared him, Cas didn’t know.  Now it only brought about excitement and a desperate need to be filled by his mate.
“I understand.  I didn’t have a bed of my own for so long that I didn’t know what to do once I actually had one.  I bought a couch and slept on that for a number of years before I really got comfortable enough in the bed to sleep in it every night.  If you want a smaller bed I’ll get you one.”
They said their goodbyes, and he promised he’d check in with her later.  A minute later his phone buzzed with a text and he opened it.  The terror he felt in that moment was worse than anything he had ever felt before.  Suddenly a door somewhere down the hall slammed open and Cas was screaming his name.
Cas growled in frustration. “Where is that coming from?!” He was busy adding cream cheese frosting to the spiced pumpkin roll he’d made when the scratching started. It had been going on for weeks, on and off at all times of the day and night. It was driving him crazy. Dean tuned it out at night with earplugs but plugs caused him migraines so that wasn’t an option for him. He wanted to scream, he was so mad!
Cas tucked his phone in his back pocket and went downstairs.  Andy was waiting just inside the front door for him.
“No!  No, Dean!  No!”  Cas was fighting against him, and Dean could feel his mate’s rising panic.  Sam came flying back in with Tess and, to the Alpha’s surprise, Doctor Sanders.
Here's some angst.  It is NOT between Dean and Cas, so don't worry about that.  It serves a purpose though, as you'll see by the end of the chapter.  I do hope you'll like it.
“Wait, you live with them?”  Gabriel tilted his head and Sam snorted.  It reminded him very much of Cas.
“I got this.”  Dean scooped his mate up and carried him to the table.  Cas knew how strong his mate was, he’d learned that a long time ago.  Dean set him down gently on the table and helped him to lie down.  Doctor Sanders made her internal exam quick.
Gabe looked at his hands for a moment, and Sam could see the emotions warring there.  He was trying to resist his instincts to care for the Beta, to resist his attraction and desire to win him over.  Sam set his hands down on the table.
“Oh, you need clothes still.  I’ll leave a couple shirts and some shorts in your room this afternoon when I get back, and when you’re feeling better we’ll go shopping, ok?”
It's just supposed to be a simple doctor's visit, but things are most definitely not in Dean's favor this morning, especially when he gets a text from Jo.  Someone broke into The Roadhouse.
6.)  As for Dean, he has a greater respect for Omegas due to having people like Ellen having a greater influence on his life than people like his father.  So while most Alphas adhere to the general belief that Omegas are nothing but breeders, Dean does not think that way.  Ellen would box his ears if he did!  So, as far as true mates go, Cas really lucked out getting Dean for his.
“Thank you.  I know Reeva is going to fuss over the pups, and so will many of the Omegas.  Sometimes I wish we’d never left.  Life is simpler in the forests than it is in the cities, but had my pack never left, I’d have never found you.  I’m glad I finally did though.”
“What would you do when we leave?” Dean asked, a smirk playing at his lips. “Stay here? Come with us? What would you do?”
His fear became tempered with anger.  “They didn’t get in, did they?  The doors I had installed, they held?”
“Ok, honey.  I do need to at least tell Sam to take the food out of the oven, and to save some for us,” he said.  Cas let out a cross between a growl and a whimper but he released Dean.
“I guess so.  Why don’t you take them down to the car, put them in the trunk.  I’ll take one last look around and see if there is anything he might have forgotten.”  Dean told him.  Sam nodded and grabbed the bags, leaving via the back door.  Dean took a slow walk around the small apartment.  It impressed him yet again how clean the space was while the rest of the building looked ready to collapse.
“I won’t argue with you on that, it’s definitely a masterpiece and the grandfather to every zombie movie that has been made since then. It’s a fantastic movie but there are other good ones out there too, you don’t have an appreciation for them because they’re not done in Romero’s style.” Dean argued. On screen a zombie with skin sloughing off and green ooze covering it was growling out the word “brains” as it chased after a group of teenagers. It was amusing, even if Gabe didn’t agree.
Cas chuckled and returned his attention to his knitting.  The blanket was almost done, and it was turning out to be beautiful.  “Well, I wish them luck.  Will Gabe be claiming him?”
Dean felt a sliver of fear as it slid down his spine but he fought the urge to put his foot down and deny his mate what he wanted.
Dean came back to the bedroom, turning off both the bathroom light and the bedroom light as he headed for the bed.  He crawled under the covers, and Cas immediately curled into his side.
), and what plans they had for their pups’ future.  They took turns answering the questions.  They discussed plans for the school daycare, and for the daycare in The District, what needs their pups had regarding food and comfort, how quickly the girls were growing, and what measures they were taking to not contribute to the growing waste that humans continued to produce.  Cas spoke proudly of nursing and glass bottles, of cloth diapers and homemade soaps.  He explained their plans to reuse clothes and of mishaps they had experienced as parents.  He knew the city was watching, and even beyond that, and he wanted to emphasize that he and Dean were just like everyone else.  It appealed better to the masses when they appeared to be the regular folks that they were, and proved that they were not infallible.  Dean’s laundry mishap, Cas’ dropping an entire bag of baby food jars he had just canned on the floor and shattering them all, it came across as very human mistakes, and when Ellie started gnawing on Dean’s chin, they heard the soft snickers from the crowd.
They got the girls cleaned up, diapers changed, and dressed in record time.  Cas packed the diaper bag with everything they would need and then they left.  Gabe was driving and Cas had made sure the girls were settled in their car seats with their sippy cups.  They were just figuring out how to drink from them and Ellie had a better grasp on it than Molly did.  Ellie was sucking at hers while Molly was busy looking at the pictures on the cup of cartoon animals.
“I-I need you.”  The Omega’s voice was small and clearly he didn’t like admitting that he needed Dean, but it was enough to get his Alpha in motion.  Dean opened the door and Cas smiled shyly up at him.
“Castiel!  I never thought I’d get to see you again!  Gabe has been filling me in some about your life, and what he hasn’t filled in, I have been following in the news.  I am so sorry you ended up in The District.  You were just a pup when I left.  I thought you too would be an Alpha.  I had no idea what father had done until I spoke to Gabe, after he had reconnected with you.”  His brother scented him, huffing out a laugh as he stood back, holding Cas out at arm’s length.
“I have brought you more of the tea to take home with you.  The next time you come back I will have more ready for you.  Reeva is waiting to take you to see your brother, Castiel.”  She nodded towards the door and after helping Dean up, Cas got up too.  The girls were already moving to get the pups dressed, which was one less thing Cas would have to do later.  He handed Dean the shorts he’d been wearing earlier and the Alpha shrugged back into them.
“No, no, but we would definitely be spending more time out here.  The city needs us.  We need to keep making change and improving the lives of Omegas and Betas everywhere.  I’m not going to abandon the good people.”  Dean replied.  Cas nodded in agreement.
“I do, with my brother, Gabriel. He chose the name.” He rolled his eyes. Gabriel fancied himself to be a comedian and was forever laughing about how on the nose the name was. He sometimes thought his brother was an idiot.
“Much better!  That torn ligament is aching from the pressure a bit, but my belly doesn’t feel as heavy as it did.”  He replied.  “I want to see the girls.”
Back at home again Cas is struggling with his exhaustion as he puts the girls to bed.  Dean decides some changes need to occur at work so that he can spend more time at home with his family.
“Alright.  If we hurry, we’ll get there with plenty of time to get the girls settled in the cabin with the nanny.”
“Good morning, Sam.  Did Dean go down to the shop this morning?” he asked as he headed to the fridge.
Sam shrugged and grimaced at the pain that caused.  “I’ll have to check.  If I had to take a guess though, I’d say yes.  It’s usually about two weeks into a pregnancy before there’s a scent change, sometimes sooner if it’s multiples…”  His eyes widened at the same time Dean’s did.
“Sam says it triggers an early heat, a mating response to distract the Alpha and make them want to claim the Omega.”  Dean blushed as he read the last part.
Someone knocked at the door, and Dean got up to answer it.  “Who are you?” he asked the petite brunette standing at the door.  There was a darkness about her that he really didn’t like.  Her scent made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
“Hey, sweet girl.  Are you being good for Uncle Sam?”  Cas smoothed back the girl’s hair.  She looked up at him with large hazel eyes and smiled.  Her little hands patted his belly.
“Shh, don’t wake him.  And don’t comment on how big he is.  He’s already self-conscious.  I think he’s even more gorgeous like this.  The pups are kicking like mad now, and he doesn’t get a whole lot of rest as it is.  His back is constantly hurting.  I set this to low, so the pups don’t go crazy, but by the time he’s ready to have them he might just need to sleep on this table.”  He chuckled and looked at his mate again.  Cas looked more peaceful than he had in the last three months, since he realized he couldn’t comfortably sleep on his stomach anymore.
Cas relaxed as the tension bled out of the air.  “That’s an understatement if I ever heard one,"  he said, a coy smile on his lips.
“Hey, honey?”  Dean looked over at his mate.  He could feel the contentment that his Omega was filled with.  Cas smiled at him.
Cas cradled his pup closer and smiled.  “Thank you.  He’s such a sweet baby.  And he’s finally starting to catch up to Alex and the girls.  He hasn’t needed oxygen all week.  I’m so glad for that!”
“Well, you do what you think is best,”  Dean told him.  Sam smiled weakly before sticking a forkful of vegetables in his mouth.  When dinner was finished Dean and Gabe cleared the table.
“Come.  We will eat and discuss your reasons for visiting.  I sense that there is much on your mind.”  Mordecai motioned for him to follow, so Dean did.  They stepped into a small but clean dwelling.  It was round with an open floor plan.  A fireplace in the back corner was lit, and a large pot hung over it.  Dean had vague memories of eating here as a young boy.  Looking up he spotted the loft.  He remembered playing with Sorla, Ember, and Varion, Mordecai and Giselle’s pups.  The ones that were around his and Sam’s ages, at least.  There had been other pups, some older, some younger, but he hadn’t interacted with them too much.  Memories were slowly beginning to rise to the surface as he looked around the room.   This had felt more like home to him than the city had.  He recalled his mother sitting by the window with Giselle, drinking pine needle tea and eating homemade bread while Dean and his brother ran around with the other pups.  He-
“So tight, baby, you’re so perfect,”  Dean murmured against his skin.  Cas relaxed further, purring now as Dean moved his fingers so that they brushed against his prostate.
“I’m going over the accounting for the one of the shops in Tulsa.  The numbers aren’t adding up.  I think either someone is stealing money or someone isn’t doing inventory right.”
Life continued on as usual for the Winchesters.  Cas had started his online courses, completing the work around his pups’ feeding schedule and while still trying to give his mate the attention he needed.  When June rolled around Dean brought up the topic of traveling out to see the pack again.  He’d already sent Alan out a few days earlier to make sure it would be alright to come and they were expected.  The doctor had cleared Aidan for the drive.  Donna was still in their employment and they had started to think that she might be around for a while since Aidan’s lungs weren’t healing as well as they would have liked.  It was a Saturday afternoon and they were sitting on the back deck, all together as a family watching as the older pups tore around the yard with Henry and the dogs while the little ones sat in their bouncy chairs.  The pups were all growing so fast and Dean loved days when he had nothing important to do except sit with his family.  He and Cas were enjoying ice cold glasses of sun tea while Donna sat a few feet away reading a trashy romance novel, a guilty pleasure she had picked up from Cas.  Sam and Gabe had a party to attend to which was why they had Henry for the day.  They didn’t mind though, they loved the boy.
“Most likely she was dumped in an unmarked grave, or she could have been dropped into the same crevice where the witches from the trials were dropped. I’m sure they weren’t the only ones dumped in there.”
“Pack law supersedes outside laws.  Remember this.  If others come looking for him, they too will be subject to our laws,”  Reeva reminded them.
“It’s big and it’s crowded, but we won’t encounter nearly as much sexism there.  You’ll be treated with a bit more respect than you get here.”
“His mate was not his true mate.  There was a process involved to sever the bond, but it can be done when it’s not true mates.”
Dean looked down at his arms which were rippling and held out one hand, watching as the fingers shortened and the claws elongated.
“There’s someone stalking us, that way.  Not from this pack.”  Dean pointed and the Alpha raised his head to howl.  It woke both pups who startled awake and looked up at the wolf.  Before Cas could stop them they were shifting.  Jo gave a soft bark to them and with Cas following behind, they raced for the village.
“N-no!  Please, don’t leave me here!”  Cas dropped the sheet and grabbed the front of Dean’s shirt.  “Please!”
“In a minute.  First, I want you to tell me what really has you so on edge lately.  I can feel it, and it’s stressing me out.  I know we haven’t had sex since I got hurt…”
you call them. What will you say if you call now? That you heard whispering in the walls telling you there was a body in the attic? They’ll label you as nuts and if you ever have to call them again they’ll be less inclined to hurry in the case of an emergency. Think about Dick Roman. Remember he called because he kept hearing a woman screaming in the townhouse next door but when the cops came they found the place empty? Then when he called when that kid got shot on his front lawn it took them a full ten minutes to show up and the kid bled out and died because he’d made like, a half dozen calls about the woman.”
“Thank you, sweetheart.  I needed to hear that.  And you’re right.  Gabe will take very good care of him.  I need to learn to not only ease up, but to refocus.  You and our pups are my priority now.  So come on, get back in bed, and we’ll have lunch before it gets cold.”
“We sure are,”  Doctor Sanders said.  Dean smiled wide as he walked around the table to stand on the other side where he had a clear view of the screen.  The doctor pulled Cas’ shirt up and applied the cold gel before starting.
“If Aidan’s doctor gives the ok, we can go.  I don’t want to endanger his health,”  Cas replied.  Dean stopped his mate just outside the door to the green room and pulled him close.
Omega that isn’t yet pregnant. They expect to just keep rotating them, until every one of us has been knocked up.”
“You are going to calm down right here, right now, you’re making a scene.  Do.  You.  Understand.  Me?”
“I think it doesn’t matter what other people think.  His old pack chose to turn their backs completely on the old ways.  Our pack tried that too, but I refused to.  Some traditions are worth upholding.  Like treating your mate with kindness and respect.  There’s no way I’d have wanted to mate into the Novak pack, had Cas and my roles been reversed.  He was quite happy to enter ours though, because we treat people the way they deserve to be treated.  Those that truly matter, they know why Gabe has chosen to enter our pack rather than take you into his.  The rest…”  Dean shrugged.  “Who gives a fuck?”
Gabe carefully rewrapped his fingers, one by one, his own fingers stroking lightly over Sam’s knuckles as he taped the new gauze in place.
“Calm down, I completely understand.  You’re stressing your mate out, his heart rate is increasing.”
Trying to establish a routine with newborn twins is not easy.  Thankfully Uncle Sam comes to the rescue.
“I have my phone ready. Just in case.” Gabe looked around the room. The scratching had come to a sudden stop but now a horrible odor was drifting down from the hole.
“That’s what I’m wondering.” Dean’s voice was muffled but they heard him clearly. Up here the scratching had grown louder, faster, and Gabe once again put his ear to the wall.
“Well, Betas don’t produce slick, neither do Alphas.  Only Alphas, male and female both have a knot, though a male Alpha’s knot it supposed to be bigger.  Now, that being said, don’t be scared.  An Omega’s body is designed to take that knot.  Your body will stretch to accommodate it better than a Beta’s body will, so it will be infinitely less painful if the Alpha is careful and opens you up properly,”  Sam explained.  Cas frowned as he tried to picture what Sam meant.
“Fine.  It said that I had corrupted what was his, and as payment he was going to kill everyone I ever loved.  And then he was coming for me.”
“He’s not mad, he’s hurt.  He doesn’t want to care about Gabe.  He doesn’t want to want him, but he does in spite.  I do agree, he has no claim on Gabe and therefore my brother can do as he pleases, but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t sting,”  Cas said.
Cas blushed and looked down at himself.  He had forgotten that he was actually underweight by about fifty pounds.  The oatmeal smelled good so he took a spoonful and ate it.  It tasted good too.  Dean watched him eat a few more spoonfuls before he left to go to his office.  Cas could hear him already on the phone giving instructions on where to start the inventory.  He wondered if the Alpha was talking to Charlie.  Dean stopped once more to give him a kiss before he left.  A few minutes later Sam left too.  Alone, Cas ate as much of the oatmeal as he could stomach and saved the rest of it.  He washed the dishes and went to stand at the sliding doors that overlooked the backyard.  It really was quite barren and he wondered if, between his heat flares, he could look up flowers that would look nice in the large space.  As he made his way out of the kitchen and up to the second floor he was unaware that he was being watched.
Dean was still working through his emails, chatting online with Charlie as he forwarded her any lists that looked odd or had numbers that were off.  It was getting much too difficult to handle things the way they used to.  With nearly four hundred shops to deal with, he and Charlie were struggling to keep up with the inventory and accounting.  Their accountant had a staff under him that helped keep the books balanced and for more than a year now Dean had been thinking that Charlie needed her own staff under her, people that could be sent out to whatever shop was in trouble or in suspicion of screwing Dean over.  He found a pad of paper and a pen in a drawer in the kitchen and he began jotting down notes.  Tomorrow he would call Chuck and arrange for a meeting with Charlie and a few other people and see about hiring on some more staff.
“Well, you look good.  You can’t even tell that you were pregnant,”  Gabe said as he sat down on the couch.  He propped Ellie up in his lap and made a silly face at her.  She squealed and giggled.
“Three!”  Together they hefted the very pregnant Omega to his feet.  Jude sighed with relief and rubbed at his back before smiling at Dean.
Dean accepted his phone back and dialed the number Sam had sent him earlier.  It didn’t take long for the other Alpha to answer.
His brother Luke rarely listened. It was people like him that brought about the creation of the council. If you were found to have committed a crime then you faced possible execution. Most that were found guilty were made to endure a long, lonely prison sentence. That’s where Luke was at that moment, and where he’d been for the better part of the last three hundred years.
Cas shrugged.  “I’d like to taste the stir fry, but if you think grilled chicken would be a better choice, will you make stir fry again after our pup is here?”
“I did.  I don’t remember them all, but they’re written down here somewhere.”  Dean pulled the blankets over them both.  “How is your belly?”
“Oh, her eyes are blue!”  Cas touched her cheek and she let go of his nipple to turned towards his hand.
“Where’s his oxygen?  Is he having trouble breathing again?”  He looked to Donna who held up a hand placatingly.
The minister turned to Dean.  “Dean, please help Samuel to remove the robe of his pack so that he may place it on his mate’s shoulders.”
I hope you enjoyed the chapter.  Yes, I know, Jess is dead.  Can't keep everyone alive, not with a monster like Alistair running around. Leave a comment, let me know what you think.  :)
“Alright, I have to get this paper done but then I have class at noon.  I’ll be home around four, and I think Gabe is coming over tonight.”  Sam turned back to his computer and started typing again.
“Who are you?” Sam’s tone was slightly demanding and the red head reached across Eileen to smack his arm.
“Yes you can, if that’s what you want.  Look, we’ll figure this out, ok?  I can be mayor and I can spend the necessary time with my kids.  We’re a team, we can do this together.”  Dean kissed his mate gently.
“I know, you’re right.  But if get a hold of him before they can catch him…”  He growled and Cas whimpered, a sign that he was scaring his mate.  “I’m sorry, sweetheart.”  He sat down, pulling Cas down into the seat next to him.  They watched the nurses and doctor as they checked over all of Sam’s injuries.  Jody had sent men to talk again with Sam, and he related his story again, except this time Dean and Cas were there to hear the entire thing.  Sam was sent up for x-rays, an ultrasound, and after learning he’d been kicked in the head, a CAT scan as well.
“Second, you’re going to start experiencing things again, like pain, heat, cold, and your sense of taste will fully come back. Your skin will regain its color and your eyes will return to normal. Those are just the first steps.
“You need some rest too after that.  Get some shut eye.  I’ll be here watching over you both.”  Gabe patted Dean’s arm before moving back to his seat and sitting down.  Dean decided to take his advice.  A couple minutes of sleep couldn’t hurt.
There were a few snickers in the crowd.  Cas looked over at his mate and Dean nodded, telling him to pick the next number.  They had a paper in front of them that they were marking off numbers as they were selected so that no one got to ask two questions.  It wasn’t fair to the others.
Inside the trunk were wedding pictures, Enid’s wedding gown, and Theodore’s tux but under that was a false bottom the police had overlooked in their search. Upon opening it he quickly figured out why Theodore had been killed.
!”  Gabe shouted.  Suddenly Cas lifted his head.  As he turned to look up at his mate and his brother the gold in his eyes began to fade.
Dean took his time, focusing on the warm, tight heat of his mate rather than the air turbulence outside.  As his knot began to swell and catch, he wrapped one arm firmly around Cas’ torso while the other wandered lower, taking the Omega’s cock in his hand.  Cas was hard again, and he let out a growl of his own as he shoved back against the Alpha, locking them together.
“I heard about that.  Only happens with true mates, and it’s supposed to be pretty damn rare.  You really did find your unicorn,” she mused.
“Yeah, I have a new one that I haven’t seen yet, Jurassic World.  Have you seen it?  I thought we could just kick back and watch that, and maybe one more.  Unless you have to get home early.  I figured it’s Friday…”  Sam shrugged.
“Gabe, I don’t have the energy to deal with your pranks,” Cas pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed heavily. He was so exhausted and just
Cas sighed contentedly.  He really did believe his mate.  They laid there until Dean’s knot went down and he pulled out.  He waited as Dean tied up the condom, which looked ready to burst, and set it aside to dispose of later.  Not here though.  They didn’t want to poison their family’s lands.  Once Dean came back, he curled himself around Cas and held him.
ok.  It’s…not your blood.  We just needed to wash it all off you.  Everything is going to be alright.”
“Of having two pups at once.  Do you think Dean and I can do it by ourselves?”  Cas chewed worriedly at his lower lip.  He didn’t have a lot of experience with babies, and he wasn’t sure what to do or how much work they would really be.
“Yeah, but I think maybe someone else can go on the next one, but north this time, the south is getting too dangerous.” Dean took in the garish blue frames. They actually made Cas’ blue eyes stand out. So maybe they weren’t that bad.
“Gordon’s been trying for years now to convince me to take him as my mate.  Like I’d ever take another Alpha,”  Dean snorted.
“I’ll have to tell her mother.  I think Ellen’s going to take the news hard.  She’s always wanted Jo to find a loving, good mate, but she always thought it would be with someone from the city, not from a forest wolf.  At least Jo will be well cared for, loved, and accepted.  I really don’t relish the thought of being the one to have to challenge someone to get her back if he turns out to not be good for her.  I’m getting too old for that shit.”  Dean groaned.
Sam appeared with a stool from God knows where and Dean got up to sit on it.  He groaned at how his knees ached with relief.
“I-I’ll ride with you.” Castiel shocked himself by stepping out of the darkness so they could all see him.
Cas loved that idea.  “I hope all goes well with the adoption.  You’ll love Henry, he’s a beautiful child, and so incredibly sweet.  He and I share a birthday too, so he just turned a year.”
“I have made a name for myself outside, in the cities all across America.  Winchester is a name well known.  The old rules, whilst me and my pack follow them still, most people do not.  I will do what I need to do in order to protect my family.”  Dean replied.  Mordecai looked at him for a moment, eyes dark and unreadable.  Finally he nodded.
“It’s ok, I wouldn’t have been happy with anything but this anyway.  This is really good, almost as good as Rosa’s,”  Cas pointed at the rice with his fork.  “How do you like it?”
Cas stayed for a long time in his old room.  Everything that had been damaged in here was gone, leaving behind four empty walls. He imagined where they would put the crib, and where the pup’s dresser and armoire would go.  It was still mind blowing to him to know that he was going to be a father, and not only that, his pup would never want for anything.  It would be loved, treasured, and safe.  That thought brought a sense of relief so intense that he burst into tears.  Dean, sensing his distress, came running.
“I’m not sure it was a branch, it didn’t sound like it was coming from the side of the house with the tree. Just to be safe, I’ll call an exterminator in the morning.” Cas decided as he leaned back against his pillows again and picked up his book. The inspector had cleared the house of all pests but that didn’t mean that with all the moving and the doors being open the whole time that a mouse hadn’t snuck in. An exterminator would get rid of it before it could cause any real damage.
Cas called Dean to tell him where the pups were, and while he wasn’t pleased, he understood why his mate had left their pups in the daycare center.  It was a show of good faith towards the Omegas that lived there.  Plus Cas was busy.  He helped his brother go through the new orders at four different shops and while Gabe got his employees to work together to put everything away, Cas took the time to go over the accounting.  By the time they were done for the day Cas had found a way to save his brother roughly two hundred thousand a year plus increase profits.  Gabe liked the sound of that, especially with a new house to maintain and Sam’s medical bills.  He refused to let Dean cover them.  They were also putting money aside for the pups they planned to adopt soon.  Sam was still on board for that and they talked about it constantly.  He had graduated and Dean had a high paying job waiting for him, working alongside Chuck, so money was not ever going to be an issue.  The house was almost finished being properly Omega proofed.  That way heats would be contained and their children would be safe.  The last step was installing a new alarm system like the one Dean and Cas had.  Once everything was in place and Sam was home, they would pick up where they had left off.  The first adoption had fallen through when the child’s aunt had claimed him and taken him.  Gabe had a bad feeling that she had wanted him for less than honorable reasons, but there was nothing he could do.  Sam had been devastated by that, but they had jumped right back into it.  Then that fiasco with the wedding had brought everything to a screeching halt.  Gabe was so eager to get back to the life he and Sam had, and to keep things moving forward.
Cas purred in agreement and Dean thought that sound might be his favorite in the world.  As he drifted off he thought of his beautiful Omega and the life they would have together.  For the first time in the Alpha’s life his dreams were pleasant.
“I believe his crimes need to be punished.  He should not be permitted to commit such atrocities again.  I only wish there had been a tribunal for the crimes Alistair had committed against me last year,”  Cas replied.
“Aww, she’s trying to catch your scent.  You’ll want to hurry and do that with Gabriella too, so she can memorize both of your scents,”  Tess told them.
There were plenty of adults around to help get the pups all secured in their seats.  Jo sat in the far back between Ellie and Molly while Donna sat between Aidan and Kate.  Evie and Alex were sitting in the very middle seats and could be reached by either Jo or Donna.  Cas climbed into the passenger seat while Dean got behind the wheel.  They had a security vehicle in front of them and another one behind them, so they were ready to go.  It was just after seven and most of the pups were still sleeping.  Cas was grateful for the quiet.
“That’s not the only problem though, he has food, chemical, preservative, and dye allergies too.  Cas makes all of our laundry and body soaps, and now he makes our shampoos too.  And I grow our own fruits and vegetables and can them myself.  Aidan doesn’t have many reactions as a result.  His pediatrician says he should outgrow most of the allergies, but he’ll always have breathing issues.  He’s on breathing treatments, an inhaler, and when necessary, oxygen.”  Dean tuned in for a moment to his mate and felt Cas’ contentment as he nursed one of the pups.
“Shhh, come here.”  He brought a hand up to gently take the Alpha’s jaw and turn his head so he could look into his eyes.  He could see the fear in those amber eyes just before he leaned in and kissed him.  Gabe was always quick to kiss back, as though he were afraid Sam might suddenly change his mind.  He resented the Alpha’s ex for doing that to him, for making him feel so vulnerable and unwanted.  If anything, they had that in common, mates that hadn’t wanted them.  But…he wanted Gabe, and he wanted the man to know that he wanted him.  He kissed the Alpha deeply, putting more into that one simple gesture than he had in any previous kiss.  His fingers tangled in the button up Gabe was wearing, and he dragged the Alpha closer.  Gabe offered no resistance, letting Sam direct him as his own hands made their way tentatively to the Beta’s hips.
“Regular boxers are not the best for handling a heat.  They do nothing to stop the slick.  These are much more comfortable and…the pad fits nicely.”  The last part was spoken in almost a whisper.
he took you as his mate?  I thought you were true mates.”  Michael looked confused at the two of them.
Cas turned to see another teacher, Meg, climbing the stairs.  She was looking back towards the Impala with interest.
He licked her ears and heard her giggling.  Communicating telepathically was fascinating and he wondered if it would be possible to communicate that way when out of wolf form.  More than once he’d been pretty sure he knew what Dean was thinking.  So perhaps it was possible.
“This is my mate, Cas.  Get used to seeing this gorgeous face because you’ll be seeing a lot more of him.  As I travel around to the shops, more often than not he’ll be accompanying me.  If I catch anyone disrespecting him or pulling any sexist bullshit you
“I see the potential for a job training program at the Omega high school.  Kids can come and earn credits working here, in a safe environment while learning vital life skills.  Bagging groceries, cutting grass, things they can’t do very often outside of here due to prejudice or being threatened.  And we can expand it to outside of The District once we start getting laws changed and Alphas begin to realize that their actions will have consequences if they go attacking Omegas.  They’re baby steps, but they’re in the right direction,”  Dean explained.  Cas stared at him for a long time as the myriad of emotions he was feeling in that moment battled within him.  Excitement, eagerness, concern, love. God he loved his Alpha so very much in that moment. Waiting decades to find his true mate had been worth it. Clearly he had been made to wait for a reason.
I had accidentally skimmed right over the entire topic of how they dealt with the media, but after several comments saying they wondered how it would be handled, I went back and wrote this.  I do hope that you like the chapter.  Enjoy!
“Dean, I need you to go fill my prescription, please.  I didn’t sleep half the night.  Once the meds wore off I was in too much pain to sleep.  I’m hitting about a 10 now though, and I need something to ease it.”  Sam looked miserable with dark circles under his eyes, and pale, clammy skin.
“Mr. Winchester, the police are here.  They’d like to come in and speak with you and your mate,”  Missouri said.
“The girls picked their outfits and I wanted to find something warm for Jack. If the girls are going to be out there for hours I didn’t want him getting sick. I figure a thick blanket to cover him and he’ll stay toasty in his stroller.” Dean explained.
“The fact that you want to do something for me, and that it comes from your heart?  That means the world to me,”  Dean told him.
“I want to go back and lay down.  Sitting up hurts,”  Sam said, grunting as he got back on his feet.  Cas took him by the elbow and led him back to his room.
“Alright, but I’m going in with you to talk to the principal and let him know that until this shit is over I’m putting full security on the school.  I want you and your students to stay safe.  And I will come to pick you up after school.”
“He’s coming Sunday night.  In the meantime we’ve left him something with our scents, so he can grow more accustom to them.  The social worker said it will help with his adjustment and acceptance of us.  We already bought furniture.”  Sam blushed as he admitted this.
“You found hinges? That means you pulled down the trim?” Dean wasn’t happy about that but his curiosity was stronger and he followed his husband upstairs to the guest bedroom.
“Give me a little time to settle in and get used to things, and…and then we can talk about things like that, ok?”
“Faster, please!”  Cas begged.  Dean’s usual slow, gentle pace felt wonderful most of the time but right now he was craving it hard and fast.  The Alpha obliged, grunting louder as he thrust harder into his mate.  His Omega felt like heaven, smelled like heaven, tasted like heaven, and he couldn’t get enough of him.  The more his Omega begged, the more he gave until he felt the heat coiling in his belly just before his knot popped, and he was locked inside his mate.  He let out a roar as he came, clamping down on the mating bite as a second orgasm ripped through him.  The moment his teeth clamped down, Cas came, unbeknownst to Dean, for a third time, and screamed, arching his back and clawing at his Alpha as he tried pulling the man closer.
“Absolutely not.  I already notified my lawyer Chuck and he is going down first thing in the morning to file the paperwork making me your legal guardian.  It’s a formality unfortunately since clearly you don’t require a guardian, but it’s a necessity so that you and I both are not arrested.  When, and if you decide to accept me as your mate then the guardianship can be terminated and you will have equal rights with me.  Chuck is very good at what he does and by tomorrow afternoon everything will be in place and you will never have to return to the District again.”  Dean explained.  He motioned for Cas to follow him.
“Right, sorry.”  Dean was trying not to swear around the pups.  He moved Molly down until he was cradling her in his arms and watched as Cas went back to the bathroom to get the thermometer.  Cas put it in Molly’s ear and a few seconds later it beeped.  She barely stirred, and he was glad she didn’t wake up.
“You’ll see, it’ll be cool.” Dean grinned at him before he started unloading the bed. The girls helped move everything to the front yard where they started setting everything up. As his husband began organizing things Cas caught on to what he wanted to do. He left the skeletons climbing the house to Dean while he worked with the girls on putting graves in the grass with half skeletons climbing out of the ground.
“Ok, so yes, someone with moderate hacking skills got into the alarm system.  Your tech may or may not catch it.  I’m guessing there’s a splicer added somewhere outside redirecting the feed to a nearby computer.  Someone knows you guys are here.  I would change your alarm company, asap, and invest in one that buries their lines, or puts them in your basement, and I would make sure the alarm is run on its own power source like Dean’s is.  In fact, I would call his security company and get them to come install their system.  It’s virtually unhackable; that’s why I recommended it as a replacement for the one that came with the house.”  She looked up at Gabe who was leaning against the island, sucking on a lollipop as he watched her work.  He nodded and looked at Dean.
“That is acceptable. I will be in the kitchen if you need me. It’s at the end of the hall.” Castiel turned and walked out of the room, closing the door behind himself.
“I do.  Just a little.”  Cas accepted the new bowl Gabe offered and spooned some of the fruit into it.  Gabe held out a bottle of honey and Cas poured a little over the fruit.  His first bite made him groan, it tasted so delicious.
“No, not at all, but…it just makes me worry more about you being out and about, unmated.”  Dean replied.  Cas just stared at him, waiting for an explanation.
“I know.  He already does wonders for keeping my anger in check.  And he makes me think before I act,”  Dean admitted.
Dean felt his mate’s heartbeat increase and he jumped up, reaching out to wrap his mate in his arms.
“You ok baby?  Please tell me you’re alright.”  Dean let out a sound that was eerily close to a whimper as he nuzzled against Cas’ neck.
He whipped his head around to find Cas standing in the living room doorway looking small and worried.
Dean looked at his brother who shrugged and then winced.  He was pretty sure Sam had a broken collarbone, too.
“My kids are not getting sold, traded, or sent away.  No matter their orientation.  If we have Omegas they will stay here and I will arrange for any unmated ones to be cared for, for the rest of their lives.  There is no way they’re going to The District, and no way will I allow for them to be forced into subjugation.”  Dean said firmly.  The light in the room was dim but he could see the dazzling smile on Cas’ face.
“Yes he is,” He agreed. His younger brother was a hell of a good sport. Emma tormented the man endlessly but Sam just loved her even more. Dean was thankful to have a brother as good as Sam was. “We’re going to see Uncle Sam and Auntie Eileen tomorrow. You can sneak up on him when they come over, ok?”
Charlie gave Dean a knowing look and when Castiel looked over at him he could see how red his cheeks were, and hear how fast his heart was beating. When he caught Castiel looking at him though he smiled.
Cas smiled and nodded as he laid down in the bed and pulled the covers over himself.  He grabbed his phone, still wanting to find those games Sam had talked about.
“Alex came first, then Kate.  Aidan here was third.  He had some complications at birth and was the reason we stayed so long in the hospital.  Evie was the last pup.”
Cas’ expression relaxed and he nodded, his hands automatically going to his belly.  “Can you bring one of your guns?  Is that legal?”
With the bed made Dean backtracked to his own room.  There was something wonderful about seeing the Omega curled up in his bed sound asleep.  He didn’t want to wake the man, but blue eyes blinked and opened anyway.  He smiled at Dean.
“Are we leaving?”  Donna was just coming in from the outhouse and was looking at the portable cribs and luggage they carried.
“Y-you don’t have to do that.”  Cas buried his face against Dean’s neck in embarrassment.  Dean set the fabric aside before turning to pull Cas into his arms.
Dean really wished he had at least Gabe in there with him at that moment to help him explain things.
“You should see him when he squints his eyes.  It’s like a tiny version of Cas.  It’s adorable,”  Dean laughed.  Alex tilted his head back to look up at his father so Dean blew him a kiss.  The pup smiled happily.
“You have,"  she conceded.  Cas relaxed and leaned back against Dean who wrapped his arms around him.
“Alfie…”  Bartholomew sighed.  Dean frowned.  He didn’t remember Gabe or Cas mentioning a brother by that name, but they did have one Beta brother.  Samandriel.
“Yes!  Not like I’m just a desirable Alpha that is wanted for what I can offer, but like I’m actually wanted just for who I am.  Cas doesn’t make me feel like I’m just a source of income security to him.  He really wants me just for me.”
“Is it the same stuff we used when Claire was a baby?” He asked as he eyed the contents of the bottle. There were symbols written on it, all meant for protection.
“Girl, what are you-” Ellen stopped short when she saw the look on Dean’s face and the fear on both of the Beta’s faces.  A glance at the number on the edge of the table confirmed that the Alpha that was Castiel’s true mate was none other than her nephew Dean.  She hurried to the table and grabbed his face between her hands.
Dean prepared the salmon while Sam prepared a salad.  They peeled and sliced potatoes before seasoning them and popping them in the oven.
“Did I ever shift?”  He asked suddenly.  The sly smile that crossed Mordecai’s face told Dean the answer.
belong to me.  Get that thought out of your head right now.  Second, I am absolutely certain.  I filed legal documents to take over guardianship of Castiel before I brought him to my home.  In order for the documents to be approved there has to be absolutely no other claims in place, however, any prior claims are immediately null and void
“How’s Uncle Gabe’s little princess doing?”  Gabe reached into the swing and scooped Ellie out, her little legs kicking happily as he kissed her cheek.  Her tiny fingers grabbed at his cheeks as she cooed excitedly.  “That’s right, Uncle Gabe loves his pretty princess!”  the man cooed.  The pup gave a wide, gummy smile that melted his heart to see.  He turned to look at his brother.
.  I’ve kept an eye on him since I took you away because I needed to make sure he wasn’t coming back after you again.  So he can burn in hell for all I care,”  Dean said.  Sam looked at Cas.
“You made all this just for breakfast?!”  Cas picked up a piece of bacon and looked at it.  Only recently had he gotten to try some, and that was thanks to Ellen and her policy stating that as long as he was scheduled to work, he could literally have anything on the menu free of charge.  His first night working at The Roadhouse he had been starving and had ordered a bacon double cheeseburger.  It had, until last night’s burgers, been the most delicious thing he had ever eaten in his life  There were so many foods that he had wondered about but had never been able to try due to pricing.  Bacon was one of them.  He bit down on the crispy piece of meat, groaning at the flavors that filled his taste buds.
“Interesting.  I was an only pup.  No siblings.  My mother actually was hoping I’d be an Omega, they had a sale all lined up, but ruined that by first, presenting as a Beta, and second, but announcing I am a lesbian.  I thought she was going to keel over from the shock,” she snickered.  Gabe moved to stand next to his brother, placing a hand on his shoulder and squeezing.
“The only thing I’m addicted to is you, Dean.”  Cas sighed and leaned his head on his mate’s shoulder again.  Dean shifted a bit and his now drastically reduced knot popped free.
“Alright.  I’ll have my phone on me.  If you need me, just text me,”  Cas said.  Sam gave a little wave as Cas took his bagel list and left the kitchen, heading for the front door to seek out Andy, the guard in charge.  He found the man on the front porch.
Cas shifted uncomfortably.  His breasts were full of milk and it was close to becoming painful.  Dean could sense his mate’s discomfort.
“Yes, sir.”  Dean bowed his head in submission.  He was not the pack leader here, and he knew how traditions worked.
“Alright.  It’s ok if it is.  Your bedroom and all the rooms in the house are both scent proof and soundproof.  There’s a lock on the door too, so you always feel safe.  There’s no time stamp on being my mate.  And if you decide you never want to, that’s your prerogative.  I’m not a monster Cas, and I’ll never hurt you.  You can wait out your heats in the safety of your room if that’s what you want.  I will never force myself on you against your will.”  He pressed a soft kiss to Cas’ temple and Cas hugged him a little bit tighter.
“Well, the first thing you did was you ripped his arm right from its socket, the one holding the gun.  He was in shock and pain, and he let go of you.  When he did, you lunged, tackled him to the floor.  Did you know Omegas have claws?  And wicked sharp canines?  Because I did not until that moment.”
“I broke a rule turning him but he had no idea I was still around. He was dying of dysentery and would have been dead in a matter of hours anyway so I figured what harm would there be in trying? At that point I’d been dead almost ten years, so I at least looked normal. My heart had not begun beating again and wouldn’t for another forty years or so. I fed on him and then took his body home to wait. When he didn’t start to decay I knew he was turning. Nearly three full days later he woke up. He was awash with emotions, frightened, and rather angry with me for not telling him I was still around. I of course explained why I couldn’t tell him, and then I proceeded to tell him what I knew of what we are.
“That’s more than generous, Cas.  And that would be fine.  No need for an ID, we know who you and Mr. Winchester both are.”  Tiffany grinned before reaching down to unbuckle Ellie from the stroller.  The pup eyed the girl as she was lifted into her arms, but then Tiffany nuzzled against her cheek and purred softly.  Ellie giggled and kicked her legs happily.
“Yep, found them.”  He chuckled.  Cas moved over to the window and looked out, smiling when he saw his older pups running around a blonde wolf.  “I’m going to bet that’s Jo in wolf form.”
“Here you guys go.  I’m going to go and set the alarm.  If you need anything I’m directly across the hall.  I’ll stay home tomorrow.  You guys are welcome to stay as long as you need.”  Gabe stifled a yawn as he looked at his brother and Dean.
Once Cas was in the car and seat belted in place Dean raced around to the driver’s side and jumped in.  A man halfway across the parking lot whipped his head around to sniff the air and Dean knew he’d caught Cas’ scent.  He started the car and all but tore out of the parking lot.
I'm so incredibly tired that I really don't have anything witty to say.  It's been a rough last couple of days for my family and I've gotten very little sleep.  I'm seriously debating on crawling into bed now, but it's only 8:15, and I don't want to be wide awake at 5am.  So I will *try* to stick it out a while longer.  I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and have a wonderful evening.
“No, we decided we don’t want one.  I’ll hire more staff to run the shops so I can spend more time at home with my family, where I belong.  Can you get the ball rolling on that?  Hire a couple of people to go around doing the inspections?  I’ll still run things from my end here at the house.  Don’t want anyone thinking I’m slacking.”
Dean frowned.  He didn’t like the idea of Sam at the university with Alistair and his group still out and stalking them.
“You’re safe, I won’t let anyone bully you, I promise, but if we want this issue handled with diplomacy and in a way that will keep this from getting turned around on us, we need to speak out now, before rumors fly any more than they already have.  And we need to get the word out to Omegas everywhere that they are strong and don’t need to live in fear.  They need hope, baby.  And you’re the person that can give that to them.”  Dean leaned over and kissed his mate’s cheek, aware of the pictures being snapped at that moment.  Their press agent, a sharp tongued, strong willed Alpha named Abby stepped up to the podium.  More pictures were taken and video began to roll for every news station as she cleared her throat.
Dean followed closely behind the ambulance, not letting it out of his sight.  Alistair still had not been caught, and he had no idea where the bastard was lurking.  He could pop up anywhere, and there was no way he was letting the freak anywhere near his mate or his brother ever again.  When he reached the hospital, he watched the ambulance pull into one of the bays and he drove past, finding a parking spot near the doors and grabbing Cas’ phone, he hurried inside.
Sam set the phone aside and turned his attention to Bailey.  She leaned her head on his thigh and looked up at him with big, brown eyes.  Boomer was no doubt downstairs still, lying on his bed by the sliding doors in the kitchen.  Dean had tried to set the dog beds up in the den but Boomer had actually dragged his bed into the kitchen and set it right by the doors so he could lay there and watch over the yard.  Bailey lifted her head, her ears perking up at the sound of something moving in the hall.  When she didn’t growl Sam knew it was either Cas or Dean.  A moment later Dean was popping his head in the open doorway.
“Cas, baby, no.”  Dean held him back, a feat that he was wondering how the hell he had just accomplished it, and it broke his heart when a sob escaped the Omega’s throat.
“I-I don’t know!  Call Doctor Sanders!  C-call an ambulance!”  Cas gritted his teeth and watched as Dean pulled his phone out to make the calls.  He went to fetch the girls’ who were still thankfully asleep in their carriers and bring them into the kitchen.  Dean called his brother and asked if they could come and get the girls while they waited for the ambulance to arrive.  The pain had been reduced to a dull cramp but Cas felt wet.  He was too scared to look, afraid that one of the sacs had ruptured and he had gone into labor.  His eyes filled with tears as he clung to his mate.
“I’m…fine,"  he  said through a cough.  His eyes were searching out the Omega that smelled so amazing but the man wasn’t behind the bar like expected.
“He was spotted on the outskirts of The District around five this morning, but nothing since,” she replied.
“Hey, pretty girl,” he said.  Her tail swished lightly across the carpet.  Dean turned his gaze back to his brother.  “Where are Boomer and Sadie?”
“What?”  He was finally looking at her, though his expression said he thought she was nuts to suggest that.
“But what if they do that thing Ginny said? What if they force a heat and a rut? That’s impossible to fight. A rut when the Omega isn’t in heat? Ok, yeah, with some serious self-control they can keep to themselves. An Omega in heat, you guys can keep yourselves under control, right?”
“Wait, what?!”  Sam lumbered over to the bed and carefully sat down next to Charlie.  “You’re pregnant, Cas?”  He could smell something different, something slightly sweet, and maybe a bit fruity.  Cas blushed and lowered his head back to Dean’s shoulder, peeking out from under his thick, dark lashes.
Cas was finding it harder to breathe with each passing moment but warm arms caught him as he started to fall, sweeping him up to cradle him.  Then he was being moved.
“It was a mistake, Alpha.  His last name is not Novak.  Another Beta in my pack sent out an invitation to Luke Novak, not to Luke Freeman.  If we had known, we never would have allowed him to come.  He changed his name, Alpha.  We had no idea he had done that,”  Dean replied.  He knew how that would sound to the elders.  It would seem like Luke not only lied, but had turned his back on his pack.  That was something they frowned deeply upon.  Mordecai looked at Luke for a moment before speaking quietly to the other elders.  When Luke tried to look up at them he was smacked hard in the back of the head until he lowered his eyes to the floor again.  When he growled at one of the Alphas holding him, he was shown bared fangs, which quickly shut his aggression down.
“Well eat up or you’ll be late.”  Dean sat down across from him, a plate of his own food in front of him.  He dug in, finishing his food before Cas was halfway done with his own, but the Omega’s hunger was nowhere near as intense as it usually was most mornings.  He found that he was full after only a couple of pancakes and a handful of the rest of the meal.
Dean felt when his mate slipped a hand into his and squeezed.  He could feel Cas’ fear, but there was anger in there too.  Who it was directed at though, he couldn’t tell.  When he looked over at his brother he could see Gabe trying to soothe Sam.
“I’ve brought you something to wear. I’m sure you’d like comfort after being in that suit. I’ve brought you a long sleeve tee shirt and some track pants. I’ve also included a new pair of boxers. I promise I just took them out of the package and have never worn them.”
“When my knot goes down there’s a shower on the plane.  I want us to get cleaned up.  I don’t want us walking around the city stinking of sex,”  Dean told him.
Pam’s expression turned to one of sympathy.  “I understand sweetie.  He’s nice though?  This Alpha?  He didn’t try to hurt you, did he?”  Despite Pam’s line of work she was rather protective over Cas.  He got the impression that despite the fact that he was roughly the same age as her, she looked at him as though he were another of her children.
“I’m going with you, but first I need to check on Sam and make sure he’s ok.  Please excuse me.”  Gabe stood up and left, heading for the stairs.  Dean turned to look at his mate.  Cas was watching him, one eyebrow arched high, a foot tapping against the tile floor.  He knew if he denied his mate, he was likely to see a side of the Omega he really didn’t ever want to encounter.
So how many of you are squealing excitedly?  And are you torn as to who you're more excited about?  Well, there will be more details next chapter.  For now, be happy for them both.  Don't worry, Cas and Dean are not upset.  I hope you all enjoyed this chapter.  Leave a comment if you like.  :)
“So the bleeding?  It’s unrelated to the ligament.  It’s due to the fact that your cervix is extremely swollen and all of the walking and cramping that occurred earlier caused bleeding.  Son, I’m putting you on bed rest for the rest of your pregnancy.  Minimal walking, and try not to exert yourself.  Don’t be picking anything heavy up.  I’d say you must have lifted something heavy up and it put strain on your uterus.  If you want these pups to make it, you need to take care of yourself, understand?”
“I know, he called me to tell me about it.  I’m glad it’s helping.  It’s a much healthier alternative to medication.”  She put her stethoscope away and jotted something else down in his chart.  “So, are you ready for an ultrasound?  I’d like to see if they’re turning yet.”
“No,” Emma hesitated, a clear tell. “But I heard something last night. I thought it was Mischief but then I looked and he was sitting on Claire’s bed. He heard it though and he did the spooky kitty, then he ran out of the room.
“Gabe took Sam home.  They’re postponing the honeymoon.  Sam is checking himself into the hospital tomorrow morning, so Gabe is going to come and stay with us for a few days.”
“Ok, so it looks like your teeny tiny is under two of the larger pups..  That concerns me a bit, so I have the NICU on call,”  Tess said as the tech turned off the machine and took it out of the room.
“Yes, she was telling me. That’s actually a pretty good idea, it must have cut your shopping time in half.” Cas took the baby back once he was out of the costume and cradled the sleeping infant in his arms.
“Where’s Dean?”  He pushed himself up a bit, wincing at how tender his belly was.  That was not a feeling he had missed.
"I was thinking," Cas moved over to the couch and sat down. "When we Omegas start going into heat, because it's inevitable, I think they're going to lock us in here. Do you see that square at the bottom of the door? It's to push trays of food through. They'll feed us, probably quite frequently, but we won't be allowed out, not until our cycles are over. The rooms are scent proof from the outside, but not between the bedroom and the living room. It's designed that way so that when I go into heat, you can't escape my scent. Whatever it is that your brother plans to do, he needs to move quickly. I don't know if you're aware of this or not, but an unmated Omega goes into heat once every four weeks." Cas said. Dean's face paled.
“I’ll be ok, Dean,”  Sam said softly.  He looked at Cas with a pleading expression and the Omega nodded before moving to stand in front of Dean, making sure his own scent remained calm.
“You smell so good babe.”  Dean purred.  Cas found himself purring back.  Dean pulled back in surprise.
“Dean,” He replied. “Why do I feel so weird? My head feels fuzzy and my stomach hurts. How long was I in there?”
“I have, they also are called Kissing bugs.  The pups were bitten?”  She immediately went to check on them.
“I can’t believe I’m doing this again,” He sighed. “Cas and me, we’ve put demon-hunting behind us. We’ve made a good life, we have kids, jobs we love, and none of that includes killing or repelling demons. I’m beyond frustrated.”
Ginger turned towards the camera in front of the stage.  Her expression was pleasant as she addressed the viewers at home watching.
It took longer than he had expected before he heard footsteps coming back up the steps though he froze when he realized he heard two sets.  Then voices reached his ears.
“Hi, sweet girl.  Papa loves you,” he told her.  She was such a happy pup.  He pressed the button the intercom again.
“I-I was afraid you’d be upset with me.  That you wouldn’t let me touch you again after that.”  Dean’s voice was small, and he was having difficulty meeting the Omega’s concerned gaze.
Sam went to the doorway and peeked down the hall.  Gabe’s bedroom door was still closed.  He went back to his spot by the island.
“Ok, off to the ER.  I’ll catch you bitches later!”  She slapped Sam on the arm as she left the room.
“The girls are absolutely beautiful.  I can’t believe these are the same pups I delivered not all that long ago.  You two make some beautiful children.”  Tess smiled at both of them.  “And who’s this handsome fellow?”  She knelt down next to Henry who offered her one of his blocks.
“This is Sammy’s room.”  He opened the door to find Sam sprawled across the bed typing away on his laptop.
Cas looked up into forest green eyes filled with love and concern, and he knew he wanted this.  Dean was his mate.  He brought his hands up to cup the Alpha’s face and draw him down into a kiss.
Dean looked over at his mate and saw the man arch one eyebrow.  He knew the man was thinking the same thing he was.
Sam paced nervously as he waited for Gabe to show up.  He took down two wine glasses in the kitchen and left them on the island before walking into Dean’s office to check the camera monitors.  So far there was no sign of Gabe’s car.  For the next twenty minutes he walked between the kitchen and the office.  When Gabe’s car finally appeared, pulling up to the gates Sam zoomed in the camera.  Gabe seemed to sense him and smiled up at it.  Sam snorted and hit the microphone.
“That’s…my brother.”  Gabe was doing the math.  His expression turned to one of absolute rage.  He growled and made to lunge at his brother, but Dean caught him by the arm.
“And risk Cas seeing this?  No.  Just get your ass in the shower, and brush your teeth while you’re in there.  And your tongue.  You reek of alcohol, sweat, and misery.  Worry about yourself for a minute, and I’ll take care of the rest.”
“First, Amara’s chances of controlling you will drastically diminish as your body and brain adjust. Her chances of subjecting you to her level of influence are growing slimmer the longer you are kept away from her.
“It’s actually quite common for an Alpha to be in a heightened state of attraction to their mate while they’re pregnant.  It has to do with the hormones you’re secreting.  I bet he’s touching you more, doting on you, and constantly wanting to be in physical contact with your belly, right?  And he’s extremely protective?”  She winked at Dean even as she directed the words to Cas.
When Dean finally did come down he was still sniffling a bit but seemed otherwise alright.  He crossed the yard, smiling at them as he approached.  Cas watched the way Dean moved, purposefully, strong muscles flexing with every step.  He smacked his younger brother upside the back of his head without even so much as glancing in the man’s directions.  Sam grunted and Cas laughed.
“Sure, yeah, I’ll leave the door unlocked.” He was already moving towards the front door as they talked and was there by the time they hung up. He opened the door and peeked out but the night was dark and cold, with no signs of anyone (or anything) moving about. Across the street, there were lights on in several of the houses but otherwise, the neighborhood was quiet. Dead quiet.
“You got it.”  Dean winked and started back into the house.  He stopped at the fridge and pulled a package of ground beef out of a drawer in the bottom.  Cas had never seen so much meat anywhere except in the restaurants he had waited in.  He hadn’t realized regular people could buy such large quantities of meat too.  Dean chuckled at his wide eyed expression.
“What brought you back here anyway?”  Dean asked, changing the subject.  Cas pulled back to look at the empty flower beds.
“Baby, grab more than that if you like them.”  Dean reached out and picked up several more tee shirts, checking the sizes before adding them to the pile Cas was holding.
“He asked me this morning what I wanted for lunch.  I thought chicken might be nice.  I did not expect him to bring me an entire bucket of it though,”  Cas laughed.  He was already full after the potatoes and two pieces of meat.
“I volunteer as well!”  A girl, an Alpha from what Dean could tell by her scent raised her hand as well.  Doricus nodded to her as well.  Four more teenagers, three boys and another girl were selected, and Doricus led them away.  Briefly Dean wondered what they would be digging with since they had no tools in hand, but then it dawned on him.  They would be shifting and using their paws.  Mordecai spotted Dean and nodded at him, letting the Alpha know he had been seen and his presence acknowledged.  Mordecai was giving more orders, for a feast to be given that night, and instructions were given regarding what to hunt for and what plants to harvest.  The remaining wolves left and soon only the elders remained.  Mordecai approached Dean and the younger Alpha quickly bowed his head in submission.
“Dude, why are you acting so weird? It’s like you’ve seen this happen before. Is it something regular? Seeing people having to escape their own graves?” Dean meant it to be sarcastic but Castiel apparently didn’t get it and he answered honestly.
Sam grabbed it, handing it over.  Together they made their own homemade garlic butter and smeared it across thick slices of Italian bread.  It smelled divine and made the Beta’s stomach rumble in anticipation.  Gabe popped the bread in the oven before he began moving the things they had used to the sink to be washed.  Sam put away the butter and oil.  When he was finished he turned to face Gabe who was back to stuffing the apples again.
“Anywhere you want.  If you want an African safari, we’ll do that.  If you want to kick back on the beaches of San Pedro, we’ll do that.  Whatever you want, we’ll do,”  Dean told him.  Cas’ mind was reeling at the thought.
“Should I make a list?  I don’t really know what we’ll need beyond the essentials.  I-I want to nurse.  Will that be alright?”  Cas asked.  Some Alphas had issues with an Omega nursing.  They couldn’t mate during that time because to get pregnant again that soon would mean milk would get cut off.
“I can’t wait until Sam and I can take them overnight. I’m dying to spoil them rotten.”  Gabe tickled Ellie and she squirmed, more happy giggles spilling from her lips.
“What hourly rate was established?”  Cas had put an Omega named Ciara in charge of the daycare center.  He’d left her to determine the costs.
“Thank you, princess.  It feels better already.”  He stroked his fingers through her hair, and she smiled at him.
“Margaret asks:  Do you plan to learn the gender of your daughters, and how would you feel if they were both Omegas?”  Ginger was looking at Dean, expecting the answer from him but Cas held up a hand to silence his mate.  Dean just smiled and sat back to wait.
I mention a form of sign language here that Cas is teaching the twins.  For those unfamiliar, this is a real thing.  I learned about it back when my older daughter was just a baby, and I taught her a few things.  She was able to communicate to me before she could verbalize when she wanted a bottle, when she was hungry, when she tired, and a few others things.  I started with her when she was around six months old.  I didn't have to do that with my younger daughter because she actually started talking at 4 months old.  That's right, you read that correctly.  4 months old.  By six months she could identify everyone in the family CORRECTLY (I was mama, not dada like most babies like to say because the "D" sound is easier.  Right off the bat she called me mama, and it was her first word.  She would see me walk in the room and go "ma ma ma ma ma ma", and then if her dad walked in, she'd immediately switch to "da da da da da da".  By nine months she had two and three word sentences and by twelve months she could hold a full conversation with you, sing the alphabet IN KEY, and knew colors, shapes, and numbers.  It was with each of my girls that I learned that different children, they learn differently.  My older daughter was by no means slower.  Nor was my younger one a genius.  They just learned differently, and they still do.  That is why Cas says Molly picked up on the sign language right away but it took Ellie a bit longer.  The girls will learn at different paces.  That's just how kids are.  For those interested in learning more about infant sign language, here is a simple video for the basics.  These are the same signs I taught to my daughter, and she did pick up on them pretty quickly.
“I’m so happy for you both.  I look forward to Henry joining the pack.”  Cas was so excited for them both.
“Oh how wonderful!  No wonder he’s feeling your pain so deeply.”  Tess smiled at Cas and he gave a pained smile back.  Dean had to agree though, he was feeling every single contraction, and they were pure hell.
Dean hurried towards the tents, following his brother’s scent.  He stepped into the first tent where people were all talking over one another.
Ok, roller coaster of a chapter, I am sure, but here is where I am going to give my readers a choice.  READ EVERYTHING I WRITE HERE, AND THINK IT THROUGH COMPLETELY BEFORE YOU MAKE A DECISION!!!!!
Dean rubbed the back of the Omega’s neck.  “I would appreciate that. I spend more time in here going over the finances than I do actually in the shops inspecting them, and I need to do that more.”
“I don’t feel well again.”  Cas frowned, and Charlie handed him back the cup of tea.  He sipped at it, sighing with relief when his stomach finally began to calm down.
Sam:  We lost one of the dogs though, Alistair clawed her to death.  Still have Bailey and Boomer.  Sadie is dead.
“I can’t say that I have, but it took forever before I tried sushi.  What is pasteles?”  Dean asked.
“We can’t forget the closets, they come in that way too.” He said as he followed her out of the room and back into the hall.
“So, the whole eyes glowing thing?  Yeah, it only happens between true mates, which is why Lisa probably backed down, but from what I could read in the few minutes I was given to respond to you earlier, it says that in rare instances a connection between true mates is so strong that even without a claiming bite, they form an incredibly tight bond.  But, that one is tentative.  It can be broken if another Alpha were to claim the Omega, or another Omega or Beta were to claim the Alpha.  We both know those types of bonds can be broken, but I speak from personal experience when I say that shit hurts like a bitch.  The bad part?  If you got claimed tonight by Lisa, the partial bond he already has with you would have been enough to kill him.  He is bonded solely to you Dean.  I highly recommend claiming him and making the bond unbreakable by anyone else.”  Sam explained.
“Cas?”  Dean turned around, his phone still pressed to his ear in time to see Alistair grabbing his mate, yanking Cas off the floor where he’d been kneeling next to Louise and pulled him to his chest. His claws were out, nails pressed against the Omega’s skin.
Mostly some domestic fluff, Dean talks with his brother and with his mate.  Cas makes a nice gesture towards his Alpha, to show how much he cares.
