"Frankly, no, neither of them should be traveling unescorted.  His heats come on a lot faster than normal. A typical pre-heat lasts a few days; his lasts twenty-four hours, tops.  If he goes into full heat before they get somewhere safe then..." Dr. Gleason gave a shrug.
Upstairs, Tony rolled into a warm spot in the bed, an indent left by Steve.  He took a deep breath of the sheets, basking in Steve; he opened his eyes groggily.
"...that's cute.  That's adorable," called a familiar voice behind him.  It was being projected from a microphone.  "You're just too sweet for this world."
Karpov looked up.  The soldier was lying on the blond but wasn't moving.  "солдат? ...солдат?" He walked over and tapped on the glass loudly.
Mostly positive, then.  Not surprising, considering how much people loved Steve.  Of course there were still some protesters. He was an omega who was acting "uppity;" there would always be Alphas who disliked him, just for that.  For having the audacity to asked to be treated like a person.
"I just..." Steve stared around and swallowed. "I don't know what to do with myself, Tony. I guess I haven't known for a while."
the addition of the rocket-launching flying robot suit he occasionally used to engage terrorists with.
Steve watched Jorge finishing off cleaning Malick's car. It looked like he took good care of it. "What if...what if we did it in his room, you think that would piss him off in a less dangerous way?"  He shot Tony a small grin.
"I don't really care about us being cousins," Steve said. "Sorry. I know that sounds... harsh, but I've been awake for over a year now. If any distant family wanted to reconnect with me for whatever reason, they've certainly had their chance to get in touch."
Tony nodded. "Okay.  ...collars on," he said, clearly trying to look nonplussed and failing miserably.
"...caring for other people isn't logical.  But it's human," said Phil, fastening the ankle bracelet.  "...now don't break this one. We'll come up with an alibi for you, but this was part of an international treaty, so we can't afford to have you fall off the grid again like that, okay?"  He looked up, his hands still on Steve's ankle. "...they say you were shopping for collars earlier today. Is everything okay, Steve?"
Steve took the plate and began to eat. It felt good to have something in his belly. He guessed now he was hanging up his shield he wouldn't need to keep eating shit-tons of protein and working out for hours and hours everyday. What was the point of keeping himself so stacked if he had nothing to do with it? Sure, the serum would always keep him fit, but his lack of discipline over the last two months had made him noticeably less bulky. Of course, he was still huge but his clothes weren't quite as tight on the shoulders as they used to be.
"You can sleep where ever you want," said Tony.  Why was Steve asking him permission now? About sleeping, of all things?  He hadn't asked permission when he'd disappeared for twenty-four hours to go hang out with his other Alpha.
A deep, dark part of him knew it was because he thought he could turn Bucky the moment he saw him. But Steve didn't like to think about that.
Donner didn't raise his eyes, but added to Hal's comment: "They don't have any Alphas to get mad at them, yet."
The thought of Steve's old Alpha had cast a bit of a damper over the whole thing.  Steve didn't understand; Tony could sense the rejection he felt, that his mate had refused to take him.  But Tony, as an Alpha, understood, at least somewhat.  If he thought mating Steve would hurt him, he wouldn't do it in a million years.  And from what he gathered, Steve had been sick, far too sick to handle the rough mating or, worse, pregnancy; Tony would never admit it to himself, but he felt like he understood Bucky's position more than Steve's.
Dr. Gleason ignored Tony and looked pointedly at Steve.  "Do you have any concerns or questions?  Everything looks and feels healthy.  You should avoid sex for a few days, but I expect your next heat will be normal.  There's no lasting damage at all.  If you decide to be a mother, or a father, in the future, I don't foresee any trouble."
"Do you think they can go on vacation?" Pepper asked the doctor quietly. "Or do they have to stay here? I'm not sure they should travel like this..."
Justin burst into laughter and covered the phone briefly to call to someone behind him.  "Jack!  Jack, oh my God, Tony Stark just told me his assistant was his own omega..."  He turned back to the phone.  "You really
how attractive you are, every Alpha in there's probably got a thing for you... hell, even I had a poster of you in my room growing up... you gotta calm down, man."
"Don't care.  Just want you," said Tony breathlessly, pushing him onto the bed and pressing their mouths together.  Part of him was sad to see their honeymoon go; it had been nice, staying home at all, not talking to reporters or facing boardrooms full of men in suits or uniforms.  But on the other hand, he was looking forward to feeling normal again.  He constantly felt jittery and anxious, like he'd had too much coffee.  His description to Pepper hadn't been at all metaphorical; he genuinely felt like punching someone and fucking Steve all the time, perhaps even simultaneously.
"It's up to you Tony," Steve said softly and moved to stand on the other side of the chair. If Tony didn't want him in the simulation then he would be in the room anyway, by his side. But on the actual test day he would pressed up against the other side of the glass - just like Tony had been.
Rhodey and Sam...he couldn't see either of them. Annoying. He wanted to know how they were getting on. Steve moved through the crowds, leaving Taylor with Banksy for the minute as he went to check on his mate.
Clint kept burying his face into Trickshot's shoulder and Trickshot kept grabbing his head and pulling him up to look at him, and it occurred to Steve that Trickshot-- Charles-- Barney-- whatever his name was, was used to having to speak to Clint directly to ensure he could read his lips.
"Let me fix it," he murmured against Steve's skin, brushing the scar on the back of Steve's neck with his fingers.  "Let's do it over, right this time..."
Eric blinked, clearly a bit surprised at the eye contact.  His eyes went back to Tony's and he answered the question as if Tony had asked it.  "Omegas, obviously."
Tony set his chin on Steve's shoulder, his goatee tickling Steve's skin.  He often used Steve as a pillow while he was working. His handwriting was both messy and tiny, making the graph paper in front of him give the appearance of having been thrown up on by a calculator.  Tony's bow furrowed with its usual, faraway look of concentration, the one that meant he was deeply invested in whatever problem he was working on, the one Steve knew meant that nothing short of a bomb blast could tug him away from it.  He'd seen that look many, many times before.
The elevator pinged when it reached the main floor and the moment they stepped out, they were swamped by about a dozen reporters.  Fortunately, Tony's bodyguards were playing defense; nonetheless, Tony was surprised at how quickly the paparazzi had tracked them down.
"You don't need an omega's forgiveness.  He's nothing. Just another little Icarus waiting for the sun to drop him back down to earth.  If it weren't for Stark, we likely would have already captured him."
"You sure can sing, Captain," she told him and sipped at the straw of her drink, her lips the same red as dress.
Then he moved on to clean out his nails. They were filled with dirt and even a little blood from when Steve had levelled the guards. Natasha was right, it felt good.
"I'll pay your twenty thousand dollars, right now, cash, to say fuck it to those two and a half hours and sit down with me," said Tony.
Natasha pulled into the car park of Stark Industries' HQ like she lived there. "Right. Let's make ourselves at home, shall we?" She said before getting out of the car. The rest of them filed out, Coulson straightening out his suit as they stood.
He was still in a lot of clothes and terribly hot. Steve was trembling with a strange sort of excitement. He handed the sketchbook to Ty, clearly desperate for him to take it.
"I'll... put it off.  For now," mumbled Tony unhappily.  He looked over at Steve, who glanced up at the same time, and their eyes met.  "...maybe you could... talk to Gleason about one of those implant things?" he suggested awkwardly.
"You go shave; I'm just going to check on my room," said Steve, patting Tony's arm.  "Don't worry about your dad, Tony.  You're a different person than him."
"I take comfort in knowing that she has gone to a better place, and that I can see her face every day shining out from my son's," said T'Chaka gravely.  T'Challa slouched a little, clearly disliking being compared to his mother. "My son does not understand yet the sanctity of a bond between Alpha and omega," he said, perhaps a little chiding.  T'Challa scowled.
The brief image of Johann Schmidt being beheaded flashed behind his eyes. It must have felt cold, Steve realized numbly, just before his shield cut through flesh.
) and he felt like, sometime before Obadiah's death, he must have played it on the grand piano downstairs.  It made Tony feel uneasy. He hadn't played the piano since Obadiah's death.
"Please, sit, sit... ah, this is my son, T'Challa, the crown prince," said T'Chaka, gesturing to the silent, sullen figure still seated at the table.  T'Challa looked up at the sound of his name, his face a mask. He was slightly lighter-skinned than his father, clean-shaven, wearing a European-cut suit; Tony guessed he was about Steve's age, in his twenties, not yet thirty.  Tony couldn't tell if he spoke any English because he didn't seem especially involved in their conversation. He made no move to stand up and greet them like his father had; Tony took a hint.
"I didn't mean to. I didn't mean to upset him. Please. I didn't...I didn't want to hurt him. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry, Tony. I'm sorry I'm not good enough. Please. I'll be better. I'll be better." Steve's shoulders shook and he screwed his eyes shut to stop himself from crying. He was shaking under Pepper's touch. It was comforting to an extent but it wasn't his Alpha.
They piled into the car twenty minutes late and Happy just sighed fondly. "It's not too long a drive," he assured them before flicking the radio on. Tonight it was low jazz playing. Happy's music tastes were terribly inconsistent, Steve found.
Tony grinned at Maria.  "You like what you see?" he asked, slouching down in his chair.  He was wearing sweatpants and his erection was obvious.
Steve woke up as the helicopter landed in Tony's front yard. He felt dizzy and a little sick but he was no longer in any sort of heat. He was in the aftermath. His neck burned with a dull sort of pain, and his insides felt sore, as did the dart wound on his leg. Natasha, not smelling any danger, stepped into the door way just as Steve looked up.
.  Most of them were unbonded, not a part of this world. "Captain America," one girl whispered. "I saw you in the lobby; did you really got shot
The interview ended on a high note.  Talking about his experiences was easier than he'd expected; he'd had plenty of time to think about it over the last five months, and he was surprised to realize how much he had to say, about the twenty-first century and being an omega, things he'd never been allowed to say in his own century.
"You want something to eat? You were asleep a while," Steve said, already getting up to head to the bar to find sandwiches.
"Tell whoever is closest to bring me a bottle of champagne."  Tony cracked an eye open at Steve.  "...you're a good omega," he murmured quietly.  "...I love you, Steve.  I'm proud of you.  You... you please me."  He closed the guy, a faint smile on his face.  "...it's weird how bonding hijacks your brain.  Makes you go crazy.  I kinda like it, though."
Tony broke away, looking down at Steve's flushed face, his swollen lips.  He felt his heart skip a beat.
Steve didn't just spent a lot of time going in and out of court, of course.  He also spent time working for Fury.  He was still, at heart, a soldier.  But he and Tony didn't talk about that much. Tony knew full fell where Steve was going when he dressed in all black and took a scary amount of gear with him. But Steve knew his Alpha didn't want to think about him killing or hurting people, so they just didn't talk about it.
Maybe Steve's hero complex was rubbing off on Tony, because he couldn't help but feel strange that no one seemed overly enthusiastic about being liberated.  Athena and Cupid both seemed serene; they followed with their arms linked together, wrapped in their sheets, looking only mildly curious. Sera clung to the man he had been with, who seemed thoroughly indignant; from a brief, hushed conversation they had together, Tony gathered that they were spending the weekend together and that they were upset that Steve had walked in on them; they had been scheduled to leave the camp at the beginning of the following week and did not understand what the "rescue" entailed.  Tony felt sorry for them, both of them.  They were both, in their own way, victims, though they didn't yet understand that.
Donner gave a tiny nod and went back to staring out of the window.  He didn't say another word for the entire drive west.
"It's fine.  I appreciate his concern.  Although I'm here for Captain Rogers, not you, Mr. Stark."  He leaned a little to the side to see Steve.  "We should probably rebandage that.  ...please sit."  While Tony had been grilling him, the red spot on Steve's bandage had spread a little.
Before the serum Steve had been a runt. He was weak. No one thought he'd be wanted. Even after Bucky had bitten him it was like Alphas could smell how
Tony got up again and, unsteadily, made his way after Steve.  Exiting the lounge and going down the curved half-stairs to the elevator (he leaned heavily on the banister, wishing he'd maybe only had two doubles), Tony found their entourage waiting by the elevator.
"You don't look so good.  You know, Moscow isn't the best vacation spot for your health.  The air here..." He waved. "...it's terrible." He looked over Steve's outfit critically, not moving, seemingly utterly unconcerned with the thought that Steve might do him any harm.
He glanced over at Pepper. "So...do they let like, betas and Alphas go to the rallies?" he asked curiously.
Tony perked up a little when Steve waved to him.  He walked over to the edge of the pen and gestured for Steve to come over.  He was curious to know what the people in white were like. They looked like a bunch of normal kids, college undergraduates lounging on the quad, eating finger sandwiches and chatting.
He pressed himself between her thighs, hands running over her wrists, and leaned forward to bite her neck.  She was a beta; there was no reason to bite her neck but Tony went for it instinctively.
"...poker," replied Tony, feeling a bit dazed.  "What the hell are you doing here?" He shook himself out, but there was no denying he'd had way, way too many drinks.  "I, uh, I won... I won some money. And a car. And DeSoto," he said, putting a hand on Steve's arm for support. "And, um, lost some money.  And myself. To Gideon."
"Oh no. Pipes is all I need," Eric curled an arm around her. She half-smiled; it didn't quite meet her eyes. Steve wondered if he'd keep that attitude up if Piper didn't give him a baby, or an Alpha. Or maybe he'd get mad if she tried to see her sister...Steve didn't think Eric had it in him. Eric didn't seem like
"Got him," she said through clenched teeth.  Her whole body was taut, her fingers bent into unnatural angles, as if they'd all been broken.
Tony had to admit that the idea of Steve in collar and/or naked was, to him, extremely sexy.  He felt guilty because he knew that collars were demeaning and old-fashioned. But Tony had grown up in the seventies and eighties.  When arranged bonding had been outlawed, he'd already been thirteen. His family lived on Long Island (more specifically, in the Hamptons), in a posh, rich, conservative neighborhood, and collared omegas were common.  Even after arranged bonded had been legally forbidden, most kept their collars, as a matter of habit. Being a teenager on a cusp of puberty, a thirteen-year-old Tony had been fascinated with them.  In his neighborhood, collars were made of precious metals and often had gems; they sparkled in the sunlight. When Tony thought of omegas in collars, he didn't think of the locked chains of the twenties, but of pleasant, attractive pool boys bringing him lemonade.  He couldn't help but find them arousing. He'd occasionally beat off to the idea of Steve wearing one, maybe just in the bedroom, but never suggested it, because he was well-aware of how fucked up that would be.
Tony's fingers played along Steve's back, stroking him lightly.  Tony wanted to be happy but happiness was something he'd always had a tenuous grasp on.  He had difficulty finding a way to be content. Always had. Probably always would. Captain America should be enough for him.  Except Jasper's words were creeping into his mind, about him being a
Tony limped across the shop, passing by the rows of cars parked silently against the concrete walls.
He wanted to mention the letter but he wasn't sure Tony could handle it right now. Especially after asking Steve if he was going to leave him. "I know
Steve took the photo and stared at it hungrily, longingly, and Tony knew he'd made the right decision to share it.
"Fuck," said Tony out loud.  They were one hour in and they'd almost already missed the first one.  Tony swiped for the box of pills and practically crammed one into Steve's mouth.  "Swallow," he commanded, hips still squirming.
The room was dark. The sound of the fan consistently beat from the ceiling and light from the streets outside filtered in through the open window. It was warm but Steve didn't care, even with the bad hospital air conditioning.
He stopped suddenly.  Steve was still eating dry cereal; Fury's gaze had shifted from Steve to a mirror on the wall just behind him.
"What the hell, is this National Fuck-Up day?  Why would you sedate both of them at the same damn time?"
He tried to remember Steve's words to him from earlier.  Steve insisted he didn't care about dominance, but Tony couldn't help it.  He was an Alpha and it was programmed into him; that was how Alphas measured themselves.  It was as natural as comparing height in the boardroom or cars in the company parking lot.
"Oh, you have no idea," Steve breathed, shaking his head. He couldn't count how many times he'd nearly tripped down the stairs because of them and he was hardly a clumsy person.
He settled back down next to Steve, slipping the dogtags around his neck and pulled Steve's shaking hands into his.  "You don't have frostbite. Look around, Steve, look, there's an orchid, they're tropical. You've got all these blankets, see?  You're warm and cozy. Take these off, I'll keep you warm." He tugged at Steve's waistband again.
The intake nurse looked up and blinked.  She reached for the phone.  "Dr. Wolfe, I need you to the front, now.  Iron Man is here.  He's bleeding all over my counter."
"Where are we going, Steve?" asked Bucky, watching the landscape pass them by.  He was feeling thoroughly bored. A new sensation. The Winter Soldier did not suffer from boredom.  But Bucky sure as hell did.
," he said, shooting Steve a look.  Steve looked and smelled and was acting stressed.  Tony put a hand on his thigh under the table.  "Hey, Steve... slow down.  They'll give us more breadsticks, geez."  He turned back to Sam.  "Yeah, the honeymoon was great.  We only got attacked once, so that was nice, you know, good to have a break..."
"Tony! Fuck-" Steve went to move Tony's hand away from him but found he couldn't. He squirmed as he felt fingers rubbing over slippery thighs and swore under his breath.
, to get closer.  He didn't care who it was; he just knew they needed him and he needed them and that they were probably perfect for each other.  They were probably in love.
"...Did Bucky punish you?" asked Tony.  He wondered if his dad ever punished Jarvis.  He couldn't imagine it. For one thing, Jarvis was so incredibly obedient.  He knew Howard had slapped Jarvis once or twice, while drunk, but that didn't really mean anything.  He'd also slapped Tony for no other reason than he was in the way. The only person who had probably never gotten a whack from a drunken Howard was Obadiah, who was not only terrifyingly dominant, but also taller than Howard.  Obadiah was huge; regardless of status, he could manhandle Howard with ease.
"--yes, you're allergic to morphine, but the allergies section also entails all dietary restrictions as well, he's on a no-corn diet--"
His dad's stupid little tape had been nice and all, but one pre-recorded "I love you" didn't exactly make up for hundreds of drunken, furious nights of raised hackles and raised voices and, yes, occasionally raised fists.
Banksy nodded sombrely. "But you don't owe them any details Steve. Or any explanations, remember that."
They stepped outside. Steve let out an awkward shudder as Bucky lit up his cigarette, his eyes distant and glassy.
Sam jumped up on the counter, shifting his crotch uncomfortably.  "You just can't stand to make anything easy, can you?" he teased Steve gently, giving him a weak smile.  "...hey, c'mon, he'll come around. He's your mate. He loves you. He's just shaken up, that's all."
"Okay, okay, okay, I gotta ask, though--" said the woman on the counter, sipping her cocktail delicately.  "--your ex-mate, or first mate, whatever, what's the deal with that? He's, like, ninety years old, right? Do you and Tony, like, go visit him a nursing home somewhere, or like--"
Tony considered this.  He wasn't even really sure how the hell she and Clint worked (what did female Alphas do, exactly?) but thought it would be tasteless to ask.  But he felt reassured that this was at least a little normal, his reaction. And she was right about the headache. He could already feel it beginning to bloom just behind his eyes.
I'd found home."  Steve swallowed when Tony remained quiet. "Please," he said after a moment. "Just...say something."
"Drinks make depressed feelings worse Tony," Steve pointed out gently as he let himself be lead downstairs. He squeezed his hand back, helping Tony walk down the stairs again but not picking him up. "It's not my business to tell you how to live your life," he added. "But if I drank like you do...I don't think you'd let me."
He tried to move his arms, his hands only flexed by his sides. From onlooker's point of view Steve must have looked unnatural. For a soldier, his back wasn't straight enough and his arms hung awkwardly. Even his legs looked disjointed and poorly coordinated. He couldn't have been comfortable kneeling there like he was. And he wasn't.
"...obviously," said Tony dryly.  Were omegas also not allowed to drink?  It was like he was on another planet. Was this what it was like for Steve in the forties, being ignored, treated like a pet or a piece of furniture?  "So... the vice president..."
George's brow furrowed but none of his upset showed through in his voice.  He let out a long, low whistle. "Alderdice, that's... that's that school up east, isn't it?  What the hell do they want with him? He ought to go to a home, not a school."
"So you don't know what Steve wants for his birthday?  ...do you and him cycle together?  ...how does bonding work?"
Swearing heartily, Tony powered up the thrusters and flew low, away from the fight, even though it went against nearly every instinct he had.
Steve took the water bottle gratefully. He drank it. The water slid down his throat wonderfully. It was cool and smooth and he instantly felt better. He sighed in relief and dropped the empty and crumpled bottle onto the floor once it was empty, going back to pawing at Tony until he gently pried his hands away. If Steve had carried on he probably have hurt himself. He looked dazed still, even if he was cooler now. JARVIS was reading that his body temperature was far less alarming then before and Steve wasn't sweating anymore.
There was a sudden sound, the shearing of metal, and the car in which Tony had been sitting fell apart into two pieces, a snaking piece of metal severing it like a hot knife through butter.  Tony stared.  Whoever the guy on the track was, he wasn't a friend.  He was a threat.  And against every sensible thought Tony had ever had, he knew he needed to take him down.
Pepper had of course been with him since the day he got back, and the closest they ever got to talking about it was when, after a three-month dry spell after his return, Tony finally got the HIV test results in the mail: negative.  He'd broken down and cried with relief and she had shushed him on the couch, hugging him while he sobbed all over her most recent Saks Fifth Avenue acquisition. It had been a pale yellow with small black dots. For some reason, he remembered that detail vividly.
The slap barely registered.  Tony ached all over.  He was just glad that he was alive, that Steve was okay, that Pepper was okay... but... his arc reactor.  Only he should know how to build that.
Steve looked up at the last thing Tony said, eyes narrowing...although not out of disapproval, more curiosity than anything else. And there was no criticism in his voice either when he asked: "Wait.  You...you
Pepper stroked Steve's hair gently.  He was shaking, sweating, and clearly not himself.  "So you're saying you were in... in your old mate's body... and your old mate was in yours?"
"No," he laughed gently as he stood and walked back over to the suitcase, bending down to search through it with a shit-eating grin on his face, ears red with embarrassment. "He gave it to me before I even met you. Said he felt weird having my clothes, because when I was dead they were collectibles or whatever... but once I was alive they were rightfully mine.  I think he thinks they're hanging up in the closet.  Pretty sure if he saw this he would bury us both alive."
At least no one knew.  No one but he and Steve and a handful of SHIELD agents.  But otherwise, the shamefulness of sharing his omega with another, more dominant Alpha was a secret.
There was a lot of blood. As Joey collected the suitcase Steve had to deal with the man jerking back into consciousness because of the pan. "Sorry," Steve winced as he knocked him out again, knocking his head down into the dashboard as 'gently' as he could muster. He found it harder to be mean when it wasn't HYDRA (or he didn't
Pepper went back down to the basement.  Tony had finally moved; he had picked up one of his guitars and was plucking a few chords half-heartedly.  It wasn't his usual spirited performance of "Black Betty" or "War Pigs."  Pepper wasn't sure what it was.
"...it'll be good for us to get outside.  Get some sun," continued Tony, struggling to keep the conversation upbeat.  "...I mean, unless there's something else you wanna do? Whatever you want, Steve.  Your choice."
Tony was unable to keep from rolling his eyes.  "Spare me the speech, Cap. No offense but you have no idea what it's like from the Alpha perspective.  It's like if I gave you a wedding ring and then one day saw you traded it for someone else's. I
"Steve," he repeated, mouth watering.  He paused from the small, circular little motion he'd been making with his fingers, but kept them pressed behind Steve's ears.  "Steve, would you... um... would it be okay if you wore the collar for me?"
In the kitchen, Tony made himself a Bloody Mary to compose himself after watching the video and then went back to the living room to interrupt the omegas' little conference.  He walked up behind Steve and leaned in to murmur into his ear.
...but he'd felt good enough!  ...sort of!  Granted, he'd known he wasn't well enough to have Bucky's whelps and had been guilty every time he got sick, which was often, because then Bucky had to take care of him and make his own meals and iron his own shirts but--
"He never hit me," Steve said, avoiding the question somewhat. Steve was too small to be hit and he bruised easy. Every alley fight he had turned him black and blue. "If...if he was annoyed at me sometimes he'd go out even if he wasn't planning to. He'd bring a girl home. It was like teaching me a lesson, I guess. I don't know. It didn't work, just made me feel shittier.  ...as your mate I'm supposed to make you feel like a stronger Alpha, not a weaker one," Steve sighed. His gaze flitted to the TV screen.
Tony ragdolled onto the bed and let Steve undress him. Mentally he was totaling his wins and losses; in total, he had lost $135,000 but had won a car that appeared to be '62 Studebaker, either a Turismo or a Hawk, which had to be worth like, thirty to forty thou... so really, he'd only lost a hundred grand.
"Tony," Steve whispered as soon as he heard the children's TV show echo down the hall way. "He's here!"
Tony cast an eye around the room with its bright, sparkling chandeliers and its gilded molding and its elegant potted ferns.  This was exactly the sort of environment he was most comfortable in.  He'd never seen Steve in a tux and wondered if maybe that was the issue.  Maybe the guy was frantically looking for something to wear.  Steve had a hard time finding clothes he wasn't bulging out of.
Natasha, stirring her coffee, had contemplated his question for a moment, regarding him coldly, then finally said, "Very."
Steve knew when a panic attack was coming by now. He could feel it in his own chest- a tightness and uncomfortableness that wasn't his own. He didn't know what had caused exactly but it wasn't hard to guess. Fortunately most of the suds were washed away from Steve's hair so it didn't matter that their shower had to be cut short.
SHIELD had screwed them both over, really, and yet here they both were, about to work for SHIELD. Maybe Steve was an hypocrite. Maybe he was an idiot. But they were his best option right now, weren't they? Who else could he turn to? Steve wanted to fight for the right thing and he couldn't do that by himself, could he? Maybe he was with the charity thing...but that was in politics, in media. SHIELD went that extra further step so no one else had to...
Personally, he found reciting either prime numbers of the periodic table to be the best method to re-establish some semblance of control.  He could hear Steve naming numbers.  Yes.  Primes.  Two was a prime.
Steve sighed. "I feel like if I searched for Bucky I would lose Tony in the process," he conceded. "It kind of...feels like a choice."
Pietro ran a hand through his silver-blond hair.  "...look, I saw them, I don't... I don't think it was
"Mute!" barked Tony.  Steve was lying on the floor, eyes glassy, gaze distant.  Tony didn't think he would want Fury to know about this, didn't think Fury needed to know.  He dropped to his knees and pulled Steve to him.
Donner clutched his barely-touched champagne glass, looking nervous again.  "But-- but what if I need-- need to go back?"
"Thanks," said Tony with relief.  He polished off the glass, took the bottle of wine, and let Sean lead him to the door.
, Steve thought, but he complied and kissed the back of it. She almost blushed. "This is Louisa, my wife. She's a massive fan of yours."
"I could have," Steve agreed, tone even. "But you don't suddenly get to care after treating me like shit for two months. That's not how this works. I don't care that I nearly died. I shouldn't have to be kidnapped to get your attention, Tony. And before you even think it, no- that is
He got out on their floor and then stepped into their suite, one of the guards letting him in with a nod. Tony wasn't in the living area. Steve's heart was beating incredibly fast. Fuck. He really was nervous. He set his bag down on the sofa and then shrugged his jacket off and folded it over his arm.
Steve turned the page and Tony felt briefly confused.  He was standing there, grinning, holding a loaf of bread.
"Well, her work likes her here. She's the only Alpha on the board and they want to 'network'," Haley said. "You want to sit? I'll introduce you to some people I know..."
It was in the fourth round that the first collar got thrown onto the table, by a man named Mike.  "One night," he said, throwing down a collar. Immediately, half the table folded. Including Tony.  His hand wasn't any good and he was still reeling from the last round's loss.
If you stick with us long enough, I can guarantee 100% that Tony will someday get into a fist fight with Pitbull.  For those wondering, their long-standing argument is over who came up with the nickname "Mr. Worldwide." - T
He shuddered noticeably under Tony's touch at the wet drag of tongue and the rough graze of stubble. It would have made him weak at the knees if he'd been standing. Steve felt breathless and heady all at once. "T-Tony..." the rest of his words died on his tongue. Steve wasn't even sure he had any. He wasn't sure he could bring himself to quite say it...
him, Tony felt hints of both embarrassment and arousal.  But he obeyed and he was glad he did when he was rewarded a moment later: a moment later Steve had returned, naked, thighs shiny and cheeks pink.  He moved to straddle Tony, gripping the base of his erection as he lined himself up and then sank down.
"I'll call him when we get home. Come on," Steve curled an arm around Tony's shoulders as they walked out.
"Are you seriously telling me they're all going to die after going through all this shit?" he asked, voice a little more high pitched than usual.
Tony stared at him.  He couldn't quite believe he was being bossed around by an omega, or that Captain America had risen from the dead and was moonlighting as his PA.
the one who wanted to do a second run, you're fine... Everything is fine, right?  You're fine.  Come on, let's get you water. Let's go somewhere quiet."
She walked into the living room.  Phil poked his head out. His short hair was as messy as short hair could get, and there were dark circles under his eyes.  He hesitated. "I... not yet. Thanks, Virginia. I'll pull it down later today, maybe." A look of worry crossed his face, and then he said, "...maybe tomorrow.  I'm sorry, I--"
"It looks like a tornado hit this place," said Clint, picking across the rubble.  "Is that girl dead?"
"C'mon, Tony, don't say that.  You can't just sit around in your underpants playing video games and drinking rye whiskey and feeling sorry for yourself, all right?"
"Suit up?" He echoed, eyes widened. "Tony- are we going to fight? Are we under attack?" Steve asked, already reaching to grab his phone from his back pocket. It was a good thing he had Natasha on speed dial.
"If you want to, I guess.  He'll be there with the full entourage.  I mean, he's a king. Make sure you bring your own guards, just in case.  No suits."
He twisted under the heavy, electrified whip, trying to get it off him; he managed to find one end of it and yanked it clean off of Vanko's arm.  He hoped he dislocated the bastard's shoulder in the process.
And you are the best kind there is. You've had a terrible month, you deserve a treat. Tell me you don't want this..."
The week ended up too busy and Steve's head was swimming from interviews. On Friday he got a disappointing text from Phil.
Steve took Tony's offered hand instinctively and rose with a slight wobble. His vision span for a view moments and he rubbed at his eyes, Tony's hand and voice soothing as he gained his bearings back. Ugh, he felt sick too. Wonderful.
Tony's eyes followed them out of the room and he didn't speak until he heard the front door close, then he looked at Steve.  "...lots of therapy, huh? That sucks. ...this doesn't have anything to do with Eighty-Four, does it?" He took a swig from the carton, keeping his eyes focused on Steve, reading him.  Tony had meant to ask him earlier but forgotten. He'd heard about half of the conversation between Steve and the shrinks, though, and their talk about how Steve was always creating conflicts and battles to run into had jogged his memory.  He was starting to wonder if Eighty-Four was going to be one of those battles that ultimately got them in trouble and made Fury give them the stink eye. Steve's "projects" seemed to revolve madly around giving away money and making enemies, something Tony happened to be great at himself.  Still, he wanted to make sure they weren't running into another AU conference-type situation; his heart just couldn't take it. And besides, he wasn't sure if he'd gotten the squirrel costume back yet.
He had underestimated the blond, the man he was supposed to take alive.  He hit him in the face, in the chest, and every single blow felt like being hit with a brick.  He wasn't supposed to feel pain; he was supposed to be strong for his handler.  But the blond was sending him reeling.  He wished he were left handed; the only thing that really seemed to stop this guy, or at least slow him down, was his left hand.
"I don't think your status is an excuse once you're president of the United State,s Tony," Steve sighed and ran his hands through his hair. It wasn't really the answer he wanted to hear, that Ellis was a beta who didn't give a shit. Was he allowed to go to the White House if he ended up arguing with the president? Or did he have to go and be nice? Steve didn't think he could keep up a pretense, not even for the president.
"Look at his little bum!" giggled Peggy; in Steve's presence, she always seemed younger, more girlish.  "Oh, he was such a little explorer... no sense of anything but his own curiosity..."
," he repeated firmly, staring Gideon in the eye.  "We want the-- the opinion-- we want the opinion of-- of the whole council.  Not him. He's-- he's too close. Because-- Steve's my cousin and-- and-- and we're ex-mates."
Rhodey was yelling into the headset, too, but Tony wasn't aware of it.  The HUD display was off because Vanko's whips had taken down the interface, overloaded it.  Didn't matter.  Fight was over.  Tony had to find Steve.  Make sure he was okay.  That was all that mattered.
"I'm gonna make a call real quick," Steve said, his voice a little high pitched. He shot Tony a serious look.
Tony reached up to run his fingers over Steve's jaw and lips.  Steve's skin had only the lightest hint of down; like most omegas, Steve couldn't easily grow a beard.  His body was well-suited to the shorts; they probably hadn't even needed to shave him.
"Who's gonna see?" demanded Tony, gesturing.  "I live in the middle of nowhere, we're completely isolated... and it's not like either of us have anything to be ashamed of... Steve looks like a Greek god and I'm pulling my weight... what, you think people don't already know we've got dicks and hang out naked together, we're
He was in his blue uniform, well-dressed, back straight.  Despite his polite words and pleasant, professional demeanor, the back of his neck was tingling.  He knew Tiberius from magazine covers and talk shows but he'd never actually been in a room with him, and his smell had a sort of uncomfortably acridity that made him want to get the fuck away.  He pretended, of course, not to notice, and everyone else in the room pretended not to notice that he'd noticed.
.  He kept going, keeping the sirens to his back, grabbing a hooded sweatshirt and a baseball cap from a sidewalk sale, blending in as best he could.
," Steve wheezed, pressing down on the wound on his leg and wincing a little. He was ruining Kate's car, that was for sure. He was okay for now, but he wasn't sure he could last it out for an entire plane ride. "I mean..." he slumped back. "I
Tony realized he had frozen and was just standing there with his fingers tangled into Steve's hair.  But even knowing it, he couldn't quite unfreeze, because now he was thinking about his own neck, with its melted blob of scarring that sure as hell didn't look like a normal bonding mark but also was unmistakably a claim to ownership, and he couldn't help but wonder if there was something wrong with him for not fighting harder or healing better...
He did another length and popped up again for air to see Tony sitting down but still watching him. Steve cocked a brow at him, the gesture almost teasing, and then he sank back under again.
"I don't remember. I--" Steve ran a hand over his face and took a minute. It was so hard to focus. To get his head to
Tony sputtered into his coffee and blinked.  "I think I'm probably fine. The suit absorbs most of the impact."  He hesitated, then added, almost defensively, "I'm not an omega."
The one who had yelled for them to fall back stepped forward.  "...Captain Rogers.  My pleasure.  This is a bit of a mess, isn't it?" he said pleasantly, gesturing.  It was.  "...perhaps we'd be better off making a deal.  We don't want you dead.  And I'm sure you would rather not be dead, either.  We can agree on that much, yes?"
It took several minutes for the armor to be removed; when Tony finally stepped out of the armor, he almost immediately stumbled, his heart throbbing.  He caught himself and growled out a defensive "I'm fine!" when Coulson moved to grab him.
Steve's hands flexed by his sides tensely, almost like he was getting ready for a fight. In a way, he was.
Tony, who had spent years giving soundbites and speeches, paced around giving Steve suggestions on his commencement speeches, things like "make sure you say the word
Steve left England that night. He rolled a die and then took a plane ticket to wherever it matched up. Steve ended up going to Moscow.  Hey, least he could speak half decent Russian now. Sure, he hadn't learnt to read it yet, but no one was perfect.
Fury gave Steve a look.  "Not 'til next year.  We're still analyzing the data we recovered from the Cuban base.  Why don't you focus on tango lessons with your mate or something?"
They were all sat at a plain Formica table. Natasha still had a HYDRA's soldier's blood flecked across her cheek bone, and Clint still looked woozy from having his mind melded by that witch. Fury was stood at the front, eye narrowing as he watched the CCTV they'd pulled from Moscow of Steve being captured. "You said you got footage from the cell?"
"Braggart," said the guard, watching the screen.  "...the hell's he doing now? He bit him and now he's just walking around with a hard-on.  How bad did Karpov screw up his brain?"
friend and Tony wanted her to like him and approve of him on Steve's behalf.  He thought back to that picture on the fridge of her and Clint in front of the Washington Monument.  Clearly, the three of them had gotten pretty close since Steve was unfrozen.  She was a tough nut to crack but Tony had every intention of getting in the "in" group.
Aria shook her head, and then offered Steve a small, sad smile.  "Now you know how Tony feels," she said quietly.  It was rare for her to stand up for Tony, and Tony pretended not to overhear her, although Steve saw him clutch his hand a little tighter, and he thought he did understand, at least a little more, why Tony spent so much time down in his shop.
Natasha and Sam exchanged knowing glances.  Tony picked off a tiny piece of his muffin but didn't put it in his mouth.  After a moment, he looked up.  "I really need a drink, though," he emphasized.
Maybe because none of them were really his friends.  Tony could count his friends on one hand, and he hadn't seen any of them, unless you counted Steve.
Lydia looked at him sympathetically. Steve hated it. And he still couldn't work out what she was. Maybe she hid it like Tectontic did, with suppressants? Seemed strange, for someone who sold collars...
He hoped there wasn't more because he was certain Steve would laugh at him if he knew the depths of Tony's ignorance.  Then again, he probably wouldn't.  Steve was such an incredibly nice guy, noble in his way... Tony knew if he admitted his inexperience with omegas, Steve would be patient and kind and gentle.  But that didn't matter.  Tony had his pride and he wanted Steve to see him as a powerful Alpha and asking for a crash course in sex and status ed was definitely not what a confident Alpha would do.
The car drive was quiet. No one said much. Happy put the radio on and let a classical music station play. Steve leaned his head against the window, his eyes half slipping shut. It had been a long morning already.
"You're just upset that I dumped you ten years ago," said Tony, glaring at her, sidling up to Steve and slinging an arm around him.
. Well, he was basically swimming around a pool naked and Tony was his mate. It was likely Tony's arousal.
He was grateful to Aria for taking Steve off his hands.  Steve was attractive, his smell tantalizing. His blue eyes were incredible expressive.  Tony didn't need that kind of distraction. With Steve out of the picture, he could work away to his heart's (arc's) content.
but I will be monitoring heart rates and fun stuff like that, just so I know if things are going a little haywire." Like when Steve thought he'd been shot. "And you're not pregnant, right? The internet thinks you are."
The other man looked at it, brow furrowed, clearly trying to work out whether or not this was some kind of trick.  (It was. Tony's phone was a StarkTech III and changing time stamps on text messages was child's play to him.)
"Aw, fuck, Tony. Aw, gawd..." He pressed his cheek against the pillow, eyes half open and gaze glassy. "
If there was any real upside to Steve's experience, it was discovering how many people were really on his side.
"He gave me a miscarriage," Steve said. "He strangled me. He tried to kidnap me. And he treated me like shit before. Unless he suddenly takes out half of HYDRA for me, I don't think I'll be going from one abusive relationship into another, thank you." Steve said, voice full of bitterness.
"Raise," said Malick, across from Tony.  He threw a collar down. "Two nights. ...that's more than fair, isn't it, Stark?  Two for one?"
"...okay... so... so just to be clear, I don't want anything, okay?  Just... give Steve space, and stay out of the bedroom, and have fun, watch TV, lounge around, chill out.  Okay? ...uh... good boy." Tony patted his shoulder awkwardly.
A few people around them started clapping and whooping as Tony got onto his knees. No doubt many of them recognised him too. Steve felt oddly breathless. The band looked strange on his hand. Strange, but good. Definitely good. He'd admittedly never expected or predicted this. Marriage felt unnecessary for people who had bonds but this... this was a lovely gesture.
Tony watched this whole process in fascination.  These people worked fast and clearly had their methods down pat; while George was acting, Kerry was busily pointing him in all the right directions, and Brent and two other lawyers were taking notes.  Another one had pulled out a recorder to document the process.
"The super serum isn't going to eventually kill me." Steve said bluntly. This was the Steve Rogers the media had talked about. The Captain who didn't take any bullshit, would say things how they were. He wouldn't dumb things down for Tony, he wouldn't soften them, he wouldn't
He heard Pepper yell at Tony not to strut around naked; and he pushed off the work bench to go upstairs and get ready.
He jumped at the sound of Karpov's voice and wheeled around, saluting automatically.  "A... wing?  Sir."
He was determined not to let having the SHIELD agents hovering around to deter him from throwing his usual out-of-control party.  Over the next few days, it was not uncommon to come across Tony yelling into the phone to caterers or lighting staff or security or a bar tending service.  Clearly he was trying to pick up some of Pepper's slack.
But Justin wouldn't let him go. Wouldn't let go of his hand. "I was wondering if I could steal a moment of your time. I wanted a meeting with Tony, you see, and he's ignoring my emails...." Steve laughed awkwardly.
Downstairs, Tony watched Steve and Sam return and excuse themselves to get cleaned up before they sat down.  He got the impression that Steve was avoiding Donner.  He didn't blamed him.
The hotel was cheap, dingy perhaps, but that meant less cameras around. Steve was not in the mood to be found.  He didn’t even know who he could trust; anyone at the party, anyone who had been there during his heat, could have leaked the story about his previous bond.
Pepper put a vice-like hand on Tony's shoulder and led him toward the stairs.  Tony made a small noise of protest.
," she said, a mischievous smile on her lips.  "I guess you might have to discipline me, huh?"  She climbed onto the bed, on her hands and knees, wiggling her ass at them.
Steve reached out to take it for him.  The woman placed the program on the table, ignoring Steve.  Steve rolled his eyes.  Tony picked up the program, tucked it under his arm, and then gestured grandly. "Steve, lead the way," he said.
Tony nosed Steve back, again automatically; just as quickly as he'd protested being scared, his defenses crumbled again.  It was just him and Steve, and Steve probably knew exactly how Tony felt because he could smell it all over him.  He gave Steve a small smile.  "...coffee sounds amazing.  Can you put a few fingers of liquor in it?  Maybe just two... three shots?"  He squeezed Steve's hand.  "...okay, okay, fine, you caught me.  I am the tiniest bit... freaked out.  But if you ever tell anyone, I will deny it."
Steve sat out on the balcony with a towel wrapped around his waist as he dried. The early evening sun was warm on his face, it was pleasant. With a soft sigh he called Aria.
"It hurts because, first and foremost, it's infected.  The bonding gland is sensitive and infections of this magnitude are very serious indeed.  Aside from that... your body is trying to reject the bond. Excessive serum production is the body's attempt to, you might say... wash out the gland."
He didn't trust himself to say the right thing, so he reached up to stroke Steve's hair.  He took his time formulating the right words.
One man was swiveling idly in a chair, tapping a pencil against his lips.  "To be fair," he said, "if the Winter Soldier were as good as Captain America, we wouldn't need Captain America."
"My name is Natasha Romanoff," Natasha introduced herself as they sat down, the glint in her eyes wicked. "And this Clint Barton." Under the table she put a hand on the man's knee but on the surface there was no hint of possessiveness. Natasha gave nothing away. She was good like that. "We're here for a multitude of reasons, but the most pressing matter is naturally the ticking time bomb in your chest."
He waited until Steve had left the room to pull out a digital blood analyzer.  He pricked his finger and checked it.  Toxicity: 19%.  That seemed high.  He gave the analyzer a small shake, as if that might change the number, but of course, it didn’t.  He tucked it away.  19%.  He forced his hands to be steady as he tied his tie.  It was where Steve had said it was, neatly folded in the medium brown bag.  Tony took a deep, steadying breath before going downstairs to meet Steve, his face a carefully controlled mask, hidden behind both his expression of fixed neutrality and a pair of aviator sunglasses worth several thousand dollars.  “Let’s rock and roll,” he said, smiling broadly.  The paparazzi had already crowded around outside the hotel.
"Yeah, I'm starving,"he said gratefully, letting Steve start handing him food.  "We've gotta be there, nearly... CHARLIE! HOW MUCH LONGER?"
Tony bent down; some small part of his brain protested but he shoved it aside easily and a moment later his lips were on Steve's cock, his hands on Steve's thighs, and he was gently kissing it, nosing the shaft and hesitating for only a split second before drawing it into his mouth.  He had to admit, he loved sucking on things. Of course, it was normally tits. Probably because he wasn't breast-fed as a child.
"So... mostly, we'll just be filming things as they come to us.  This is a very candid interview and a few other omega celebrities are being featured in this documentary.  But I understand Steve would also like an independent segment that's a bit more formal.  So we'd like Steve on the couch here," said Louis, gesturing toward Tony's sleek white sofa, "with one of the orchids on the side table there.  I think it'll be a nice back-drop, a little reminder of your being bonded and all. Ah... would you rather wear something less...?" He trailed off.  Steve was in work-out clothes.
He sneezed into the coffee but didn't move his face from the can.  Natasha was right; the strong smell was good at helping him keep a level head.  This, he thought bitterly, was the sort of thing Howard should have taught him.
"Ha ha... see... always joking," said Justin.  "You know, just friendly-- friendly competition, hey, no, I love this guy--"
"Pitbull is just a stage name," explained someone else.  For a split second, the idea of someone with a name like "Pitbull" called to mind all the omegas out there with silly little pet names, like DeSoto and Donner and Waffles.
"...can I ask you something and you won't hate me?" asked Tony, voice low.  "...I think you're hot as fuck, Steve. That's why... well... I guess that's why I hired you back when you were spying on me, and why I was always teasing you and arguing with you, and then... then when I found out who you really were... I guess that's also why I decided I had to have you.  And the reason this has worked is that you're not just your looks. You're also this... insanely noble person. I mean, seriously, it's infuriating, sometimes I just wanna smack you, you're so...
"...I need to use your shield," said Tony quickly, ignoring the question.  "I have stuff flying around the shop, and, y'know."  He lifted his shirt, displaying the growing bruise on his ribs.  "You wanna come down and hang out?  We can talk about your next interview.  Since there's no baby to announce, you're going to have to talk about something else."  He held on to Steve's hand even after he'd gotten up.  He'd had no idea that honeymooning meant such a high risk of pregnancy and he made a mental note to chew out Pepper for not telling him.
It kind of felt like Gideon was punishing him. Punishing Steve. But he didn't want to say it out loud and sound like a self-centered asshole.
"No, no, it's fine," said Tony quickly, checking the cloth in his hand.  "I think it's stopping. ...his was bleeding
"Let's see here," said Tony, cracking his knuckles and feeling very much like the captain of a spaceship.  He reached forward and began scrolling. Everything that could be made into a touchscreen was, because Tony was a tactile person and he found interacting with information was the best way to absorb it.  "Oh, look, they're live!"
"...well, me, I'm gonna go find the bar," muttered Tony back, scanning the crowd.  Mostly older male Alphas. No surprise there. The omegas stood out like sore thumbs; unlike the Alphas, who were all wearing suits, the omegas were in shirtsleeves and waistcoats, sundresses, casual outfits.
Steve sighed and was about to say something more when Tony was throwing up and saying shit that didn't make sense. Steve frowned. "I'm not mad at you." A lie. "Okay, maybe I am, but it's fine," Steve said and promptly moved to pick Tony up bridal style before the man could protest like he weighed of nothing more than a feather.
"Sorry if I was a bit of a dick earlier; I legit want you to be happy, man." Sam said and reached over to squeeze his shoulder. "You know that, right?"
...was it possible that palladium poisoning caused hallucinations?  Perhaps none of this was ever real.
"...being silently supportive and not stealing the spotlight or saying anything and letting Steve do his thing," amended Tony.
"As undoubtedly advanced and expensive as your techniques are, Regina, I believe I've demonstrated quite effectively that my program works just fine," said Karpov, plunging the needle into the soldier's arm.  He immediately felt the warmth running down his veins, the wonderful sleepy feeling that came with it.
Tony put a gently hand on Steve's shoulder.  "Come on, DeSoto. Let's go downstairs to mingle.  I'll pick you up at the end of the day and you can sleep on the couch, okay?  Just think of this as a mini-vacation."
Steve didn't know what to do. The ringing of his phone startled him back into reality. Steve frowned and answered it.  "General Fury, now really isn't a good time..."
Steve was half conscious, half stuck in a dream. He felt hot all over and he was shaking. It wasn't a good or a bad shake but his hands wouldn't stay still. There was something heavy on top of him, no,
They were both getting ready and in five minutes they'd be driving to the nearest SHIELD building, in Brentwood, right across from the Los Angeles VA.  Despite being mostly excited, Steve was a little nervous. He knew he couldn't piss Gideon off but it was just hard... because he really wanted to.
Fury nodded and dismissed the others with a wave.  He waited until they had walked a fair way down the hall before speaking.  "You wanna know about your dad."
Banksy sniffed. He was drinking his wine a little quickly, but Steve didn't comment on it. "It felt like the right thing to do," he whispered. "I... I wanted to show how much people could change, you know? That Alphas can change."
Ton's fingers, which had been deftly maneuvering strands of Steve's hair (a pointless exercise; Steve wore his hair short and to army regulations, which meant it never got wild like Tony's), paused at Steve's question.
"Knotting in heat? Whoever would have thought of such a thing?" Steve murmured conspiratorially, tucking the program into his back pocket.
"...well, for the most part, yes, but there's always going to be dissenters," said Pepper.  "There's a couple of nice signs in there too, if you look..."
Who the hell even thought these people were a good idea? If they'd known since this morning, then why would they send Alphas?! Urgh.
Fuck.  Pepper.  By now she had probably seen the mansion or read the news.  Maybe it was better to from palladium poisoning than face her wrath.  Ha, ha.
Tony felt so embarrassed.  He hoped Steve hadn't noticed his erection.  He'd been caught up in the moment.  He hoped he hadn't crossed a line.  Steve didn't want an Alpha and now he was marked and would stay marked for probably a week or two; he had every right to be furious at Tony over that.
Pepper reached over and began crossing out items on the list.  "Thank God, that was worse than your no-gluten phase.  Okay, so if you're okay with corn, just make sure to avoid
Tony peeked at Steve from under the pillow.  "Well, I didn't think you'd just... give up," he said.  "You're Captain America. Normally you're annoyingly persistent, especially when it comes to getting me up in the morning."
There was a pause.  Steve didn't seem satisfied with the answer, so DeSoto elaborated, sounding apologetic.  "Okay, well, this was... when things started to get really bad. Alpha and Trickshot got into a big fight-- see, Trickshot thought Alpha was taking him to some conference in Iowa, where he was originally from, and Alpha decided not to take him after all.  Both of them started yelling, and Alpha told me to go take care of Trickshot. He stormed right out the front door, like he was an Alpha himself or something!"
After he'd finished, he lay there, snuggled up in a pile of Steve's sheets, contemplating his own curiosity.  The only person who had ever captured his interest like this was Pepper.  He didn't know what it was about Steve.  He was attractive, yes, and Tony was sucker for blonds, but there were lots of beautiful blonds lining up to sleep with him.  Steve was an omega, sure, but there were other omegas in the world.  Steve was built like a Chip n' Dale's dancer, but it wasn't like there weren't other equally athletic men in the world, with chiseled torsos and perfectly proportioned abs.  So why Steve?  Tony had no idea.  Maybe it was all those things combined.  Maybe some other unmeasurable, unobservable force.  Some deep, deep part of Tony was attracted to Steve in an intense and unshakeable way.  He knew he wanted Steve in the same way he could sense when Pepper was disappointed or when someone was standing right behind him or when he met two Alphas and could immediately identity which was more dominant.  He just
"I don't think there's time to explore much else," said Sam.  "Lead the way, man, we've got your back."
He was able to dismiss at least half or two-thirds of them outright.  Too many stones. Steve wanted something simple and Tony agreed that too many stones would be a bad thing.  They wanted simple, elegant, and not too feminine.
"...y'know, me and Ty were childhood friends?" said Tony.  "Before... before he got sent away. We went to the same prep school."
It was all very well for him and Natasha and Sam to go in.  He was already forty and didn't have a family. Natasha, a female Alpha bonded to a male omega, couldn't have kids.  Sam, like Tony, appeared middle-aged and without any ties. But Steve was still young, technically. He could still start a career or a family, go to college... there were a million things Steve hadn't yet done or experienced.... he'd never even heard Lynyrd Skynyrd (to Tony's knowledge) or gotten a blowjob, and here he was, looking giddy with excitement, like they were going skydiving or something instead of going into a fucking battlefield.
Y'all ready for an emotional roller-coaster?  Steve sure isn't.  The next 4 or so chapters are going to be a trip and we, the authors, make no apologies for that.  Cliff-hangers will abound.  Enjoy.  - T
The jet was huge and shiny and sleek.  It loomed over the car as they drove up to it, a flight of stairs waiting for them to walk in, the door already open.  Happy opened Tony's car door for him (his hands were full of noodles, after all). Steve got out of his own side himself, eyes trailing over the jet. He exhaled slowly. He hoped it wouldn't be a long journey. He was nervous; this was a big day. Coming out day. How would be best to do this? He had no idea...and he doubted Clint and Phil wouldn't either. Tony made it sound simple, them getting up on a stage, but then what...what would Steve actually say?
Steve was edging towards feral more and more by the minute. He was flushed and pink all over and he was essentially climbing up the walls. He had one leg braced on either side of the doorway as he tried to find a weak spot on the top of the doorframe. But there was none. He just scrabbled at it uselessly. Goddamn Stark planes. Too well designed.
Piper was looking at Steve with undisguised interest. He was the total opposite of her, aside from their hair color. But when he tried to meet her gaze she just stared at the floor. Steve's gut twisted comfortably. Would all the omegas be like this? So-- it felt mean to think it, but--
But Steve had given an order.  And Tony was encased in armor. He was Iron Man, not Tony, not an Alpha, not a human.  Just Iron Man.
It was cute seeing Tony so absorbed by it though. Steve didn't think he'd seen him this interested in something outside of his workshop before. When he quoted off whole speeches it made Steve smile and he knew he'd chosen the right thing to do. His alpha was unwinding beneath him and it made Steve feel good too.
Maggie Frond had already pulled away and Tony was left with a lot of very confused emotions.  He wasn't even sure if they were his or Steve's. For a split second, Maggie Frond had almost seemed... nice?  Sexy? Maternal? Some weird combination of all those things? He was offended, deeply, on Steve's behalf, but had no idea how to react.  He looked at Steve in alarm for some indication of how they felt about this.
He and Tony were beginning to attract a few looks, especially once they were inside the first shop. One old man looked about ready to have a heart attack. Steve offered him a small nod and a polite smile.
He stepped back suddenly, letting the blond's push against his metal arm unbalance him; then lunged forward again.  The two flopped to the floor.
But then... through his interview he'd essentially talked to, what, millions of people? He'd not thought of it like that at the time, though. It was less immediate and they edited all of his stuttering and pausing out.
?!) omegas, but there were only two that he could identify as hers.  One male, one woman. They both stood off to the side of the room in heavy collars, watching her reverently, hands clasped in front of them, bodies tense like they were ready to leap to her aid at any moment.  Which they probably were. They didn't look happy, or sad, or anything, really. The intensity of their expressions didn't allow room for any other emotion.
A moment later the delivery driver had called work, told them he had a flat tire, and was standing in Tony's kitchen searching for pancake mix.  Tony sat on the counter, sipping a scotch and swinging his legs, watching the kid dig through his cupboards.
Tony wanted Steve.  Steve was looking up to him, and Tony knew, right then, that he could take him if he wanted, as his omega... that they were
His heart was still hammering away in his chest and Steve's reassuring words certainly weren't working on himself. The notion of drinking ethanol was getting more and more tempting by the minute.
"Right. Okay." Steve moved to cross his legs on the couch, getting comfortable. "So I went to yoga, with Aria, and then I went shopping. And I was just in the store and my vision just went. Some people helped me find a bench, sat me down.  I'd say within... ten minutes, a STRIKE team showed up. It took a lot of persuading to get me to go with them. I couldn't see for the whole thing. They got me in the car eventually but I was pretty upset. They took forever to tell me where we going and I'm not even sure they tried to call Tony. They gave me water, which was drugged, and then I passed out."
"--no problem," said Tony, who now knew, thanks to their colliding, that Lydia wasn't wearing a bra under her slinky black dress.  At some point, Kitty had gotten him another scotch.
It was a few weeks in that Steve got the call. It was Phil. "Captain Rogers, we found something.  Something that might be big."
No normal person would interfere with a feral fight... but Steve wasn't a normal person.  He shoved both hands into the frantic, snarling ball of ten-thousand-dollar suits and snarling aggressive, and grabbed both Alphas, one in each hand, separating them.  He hoisted Justin up the scruff of his neck easily, like he weighed nothing more than a load of bread. Tony had a split lip but Hammer had a shiner on his cheekbone that would be a dark purple within the hour. Steve lifted him, his feet not touching the floor, waiting for the two of them to come to their senses.
; the coolant pipes would have to be run through a wall, which Steve tore through like it was a wet paper bag as soon as Tony asked.
"It-- it tasted okay?" Steve sounded so hopeful; he almost didn't dare to believe it. But then Tony said he smelt normal too and Steve wanted to cry. It no longer felt like his body was betraying him, warring against him. He leaned his head down in the cushions and sighed contently at Tony's embrace, his eyes half slipping shut. He could feel Tony's own relief and happiness, the sensations swelling up in his own chest and blossoming. It was overwhelming. Steve let out a long breath.
He watched impatiently as Steve climbed into the driver's seat and pushed it back.  One of the few disadvantages to the supercar was that it was not really designed for a person of Steve's size; it was low to the ground, streamlined, modeled to Formula One specs.  Steve had to duck to climb in.
Steve trembled and shook under Tony's tongue. He whined in both relief and frustration as his mouth traversed over Steve's prick and then back down to his hole. He was practically quaking with pleasure, blue eyes glazed over and unseeing as he tilted his head back in his effort to push himself up into Tony's touch. He was teetering on the edge. But it was Tony's voice that tipped him over it.
All of Steve's stuff had been moved in. The apartment in Westwood was empty. It was all he'd had. He could still remember JARVIS's empty voice telling him to leave. He'd never felt such a feeling of dread inside of himself before. He'd never felt so cold. Pepper had tried to apologise but he'd ignored her.  That wasn't fair of him. She hadn't deserved that.
an Alpha?  Why would an Alpha have an Alpha?  Shouldn't he have an omega?  Yes... someone who needed him, someone small who needed his protection-- he could almost,
In Steve's absence, Tony had finally given in to all of his worst habits.  Since his capture, Tony's relationships had been short and especially fractured, and Steve could now say with some certainty that that was a deliberate attempt on Tony's part.  Tony had no interest in letting anyone get close to him, which, considering Stane's betrayal, was perfectly understandable. Bonding Steve had created a vulnerability as constant and as obvious as the glowing reactor set into the middle of his chest; when things had gone south, Tony had collapsed in on himself, unable to cope with it.
"Okay," whispered Natasha, "we need to go lower and get someone with higher access.  We need to be quick because there's cameras everywhere and it's only a matter of time before they realize the base is compromised.  Stark, you disable their communications, but only after they're raised the alarm. If we do it before then, they'll catch on to--"
," he said, his voice shaking with vehemence. "It had nothing to do with how dominant you are.  I'm an omega, Tony.  Dominance doesn't matter to me one bit.  It was all do with the fact that if you two were in the same room then--" Then Steve would have had to have fought Bucky. And he wasn't even sure he could win that fight. "Pin me down? Are you serious? Is that funny to you? Do you know what he tried to do?  I was exhausted... I hadn't slept or eaten in days. I thought I was alone. But when he tried to 'pin me down' I fought him. I fought him with
The grenade smacked into the ground and then hissed loudly, engulfing all eight men in a cloud of grey that put London's fog to shame. Steve was up on his feet in seconds, the goggles allowing him to see through it better then they could at least.  It was still fairly opaque and he relied on his super-hearing to navigate more than his sight. The speed at which he appeared at the other side of the street was alarming. (If Steve wanted to, he was capable of breaking multiple world records, though many organizations had ruled him ineligible, since the serum was technically a performance-enhancing drug).
Tony wasn't crying, exactly, but tears had started to fall and he was clutching his mate and reassuring him that they weren't in Kunar.  Gleason stuck him, too; he was too busy reassuring Steve to notice.
"...Everyone, move out of the way!" Steve heard voices. People were parting. They sounded authoritative. Someone knelt down in front of him. "Captain Rogers? My name is Brock Rumlow. Agent Rumlow. I was in the vicinity. I'm with SHIELD. I'm here to get you home."
"You excited to see Peggy?" asked Tony as he handed over his card to Christine, trying to shift the topic.  Tony himself was nervous; he hadn't seen Peggy for about two decades.
"Here, ask this cookie," said Tony, handing a small, orange-ish cookie in a clear plastic wrapper to Steve.  It was clear this was new to Steve.  "You break it open, like this..."  He demonstrated.  "...and there's a fortune inside.  Nifty, right?"
He closed his eyes, not planning to nap, just to rest until they could get cleaned up.  It was easy to relax; the way Steve didn't ever press him, let him keep his secrets... he loved his omega for that.  It made sense, he guessed.  Steve had his own dark places; he was a war veteran, and he'd grown up in a time when violence and abuse toward omegas was normal, and he'd had the whole drowning-and-then-coming-back thing.  They each had their mental battle scars.  It made Tony feel safe, knowing that Steve understood and wouldn't push him.  After Afghanistan, that was one of the worst parts of sleeping around.  The women who tried to get him to "open up," who wanted him to talk to them, wanted to be special, have Tony Stark confide in them and seek comfort in them.  Tony had hated those women the most.  The closest he'd ever come to talking about what happened was with Pepper, who took his cues and never pushed.  But the topic had never really been broached.  They had maintained a level of professionalism that was so solid, Tony had never figured out how to crack through it completely.  With Steve, it was the opposite; ever since they'd bonded, Tony felt almost like Steve was an extension of himself.  The only reason he didn't share things with Steve was because he, personally, didn't want to think about them.  But if he'd been able to confront his demons on his own, he certainly would have felt comfortable sharing it with Steve.  Steve was rock solid, steady, unwavering.  A source of strength and comfort and understanding.  Bonding had created a vulnerability, yes, but in a way, it had also made Tony feel a lot more powerful.
He didn't like this room.  It had a bunch of associations that weren't his.  Even inside the helmet, he imagined he could smell singed hair and taste something metallic.
"Strucker saw him, you know.  He was under his Alpha, begging for relief, like a whore.  History, soldier, is written with hindsight. Right now, they think he's the hero.  But give it ten years. In ten years, he'll have learned his place. He'll be a broodmare, nothing more.  And you and I, we will be the heroes. He's a modern-day Icarus. You know Icarus?"
"See you guys.  Try not to have too much fun in the VIP section," said Tony, leaving the two of them in the little sectioned-off area.
He made himself feel as angry and sharp as he could, hoping Tony would take the hint.  If he didn't, fine.  Steve could do this all day.
They were due to raid another HYDRA base mind January. Steve still didn't know if Tony was coming. He'd only mentioned it in passing once but now Steve was almost certainly not going. They wouldn't want to take the risk. It made sense.
He didn't realize he had frozen, gotten lost in the memory, until the lights flickered in the lab.  He looked around. The sun had set and JARVIS was turning on the lights for him. Tony realized his music had stopped playing at some point; maybe he'd told JARVIS to stop it; the only sound was his heavy, ragged breathing.  His hackles were spiked and had been for a while; the back of his neck ached from the muscles being tensed for so long.
"Thanks, Nat," Steve breathed, tucking the money away into his jacket. He smiled a little sadly. "I know I can.  I just-- I just panicked. I made a split-second decision. But I got Bucky help. I kept Tony safe. That was the most important thing.  I just... I guess I just got angry at Tony too. I keep doing that."
Something warmed in his chest. Steve knew people had certain... preconceptions of Tony, and it was nice to feel like he was breaking them.
They wasted little time in leaving the country.  Tony disappeared to speak to his attacker; he returned quiet and morose and refused to talk to Pepper or Steve, who were too busy making arrangements for statements with the various security agencies to pry too much.
"You can't afford to let it bother you, you know," said Joey over his shoulder at Tony.  "It's a bit messy and all, but you know, the information on that drive... it might save lives later down the road.  You have to look at the big picture."
He reached up and touched her cheek, well aware that he probably looked like hell, with a scruffy beard and dark circles under his eyes.
She rose.  "Oh, damn, I just started peeling this thing..."  She tossed the orange in the trash and, slinging her purse over her shoulder, walked into the court to get up on the stand.
Okay. So Trey was high, or at least...seemed a little high (Steve wasn't very good at deciphering this sort of thing). His pupils certainly looked a little too big and too dark to be normal.  Then again, he was wearing sunglasses and so maybe his pupils were like that because of the tint.
He shifted his weight in Steve's lap and leaned up to kiss his throat before dropped back down and closing his eyes again.  The day wasn't yet over but he felt exhausted from it- exhausted from sobbing and from all the emotions.
Tony leaned forward, elbows on his knees, shirt tossed over the back of the couch, face still expressionless.
sounded like something you said to your kid, not your partner. Steve already didn't like Mike as the Alpha walked up to him. Mike didn't look too pleased about the detour either, like Steve was personally inconveniencing him... which he guessed he kind of was.
"Having a midlife crisis is hard when you already own, like, eight red convertibles," joked Tony with a small smile.  "...go get Coulson out of here, will you?  I need my beauty sleep."
"Danielle was extremely impressed with your performance on Banksy and Boswell.  You know, Tommy's been a member of SA for years now," said Stone, blowing gently on his coffee to cool it.
His mate had turned on him.  There were two possibilities.  Either Steve had gone crazy and wasn't to blame... or he'd turned on Tony, just like Obie had, and could no longer be trusted.  Tony wasn't taking chances.
, by Christina Aguilera.  It's gotta be like, you know, sort of serious but also uplifting.  That's perfect, right?"
"The Avengers Initiative is about strong people with strong personal relationships making up a stronger team. Any bond comes with strengths and weaknesses- I've seen that in Nat and Clint," Steve said slowly, speaking his thoughts aloud. "My bond with Tony is no different. I can't promise I won't sometimes be biased towards him but I can promise I'll try my best not to be. And on the battlefield, doctor, I'm not an omega. I'm just their captain. Plenty of Alphas followed me in the forties; I think with an adjustment period, Tony could manage it now. Not that that's relevant now- he hasn't even been approved for the field yet.
He felt Tony's fingers under the table and turned his hand up, winding their fingers together. Steve squeezed gently. Tony felt tense under his touch. Steve swallowed.
Steve was trembling with frustration, both the sexual and the angry kind. His hands flexed by his sides like he was ready to catch a punch, not like he really expected one was coming.
"...if you want, I'll pee on it, too," said Tony.  "Y'know, equality and all that."  He forced a grin.  He didn't know how the fuck to even read one of these things.  Yet another thing that he didn't know.  He and Steve lapsed into silence, staring at it.  Tony was waiting fro a negative result so they could have a big laugh over how dumb they'd been.
"This is your fault.  You sent him to kill someone who already knew him.  How could you be so dense?"
The door of the blue Ford Focus was locked; Bucky reached down to the bottom edge and, with his left hand, pried it open, leaving a dent there that was surprisingly subtle.  He checked under the sun visor and in the glove box automatically for keys (some people were stupid), but finding none, cracked open the bottom of the dashboard and got to work.  The car roared to life and Bucky felt temporarily pleased with himself for so effectively getting them transportation. Objective complete.
He swam up to the side of the pool and rested his head on his forearms, watching Tony's brows knit together as he read over the pamphlet. "I think you should try it," Steve said. "It will be good to talk to other Aces in similar situations. They'll understand better than anyone else, Tony."
"I can take some of y'all up in the truck," added Lawrence, rising.  It was clear he meant the back of the truck; Tony looked horrified at the idea.
"Oh, yes.  Behind the ears.  It's how we tell who's what, and dominance hierarchies, and all that.  Ready for round 2, Captain? There's still quite a lot of serum in there."
Pietro was gone from Wanda's side in a flash and suddenly, Tony's nose was bleeding, his cry broken; his eyes widened in shock.
"You don't think I'm a freak, do you?" Steve whispered after a moment as he dabbed at Tony's lip gently.
"Damn." Steve leaned his head against Bucky's metal shoulder, the cool surface helping to sooth his burning hot forehead. He vaguely remembered screaming in the cell, fighting against Bucky when he'd tried to mount him. He remembered that feeling of
His baby blues flickered up as Tony's rough fingers explored his thigh and Steve felt his thighs part a fraction in a subconscious response to Tony's touch. It was a statement.
He patted the seat next to him again, impatiently.  "I don't like when you're scared.  Seems weird.  Captain America, being scared."  Tony reached up and rubbed his neck thoughtfully.  "I can feel it, sort of.  Not thoughts.  Just feelings.  But it's hard for me to tell which are which.  I'm not good at feelings.  I once said
"Они говорят, что вы не можете научить старую собаку новым трюкам," Steve replied coolly as he stood and adjusted his grip on his shield, eyes narrowing.
Steve was shaking his head where it was still tucked against Tony's neck. "No. No... I'm not good. I've done terrible things. I'm so sorry. Please forgive me. I'm
Justin didn't seem the slightest bit embarrassed to discover Steve's true identity.  He inclined his head toward the blond with an unsettling level of friendly familiarity.  "Gotta hand it to you- hiding in plain sight?  Very clever.  Is it back to
"Huh," repeated Tony.  He looked up at Steve, and then set a hand on his shoulder.  "...I'm proud of you. This looks..." He paused. "...this looks like it's costing a lot of money.  Steve, are you like, keeping track of your bank accounts?"
"Ventura's naval base, on Point Mugu, it's literally a straight shot north on the 1," said Rumlow.  "...heck, if they get Tony on the phone, he might even beat us there. And then you can go home. Okay?  We just want to make sure you're supervised until then."
"Would cost too much and take too long," Kerry said. "And give the others chance to clean up their dirt. We're going with a four-pronged attack and we want to catch them by surprise. Doing it on Steve's birthday gives us maximum publicity, too, which means they won't have
"Hey! Gene, over here!" Eric waved him over. Gene smiled so goddamn charmingly it was unnerving. He clapped a hand on Eric's shoulder and squeezed and for a brief second it almost looked like the older alpha was uncomfortable.
The second appointment was boring. That was the only word for it. Steve kept day dreaming in the middle of the therapist's monologues and he couldn't pay attention for more than five minutes at a time. There would be no second appointment with them, either. When Steve was leaving his second appointment and heading into his car a small group of Alphas across the street called him a whore. Or something along those lines. Steve point-blank ignored them and got into his car and drove off. He knew it was about the multiple Alphas and the bonding stuff. He thought about what Brazinski and Brennan had said about him always needing a fight...and he wanted to prove them wrong.
Tony leaned in to the call with a grin.  "What forged data?" he asked; he'd already deleted all traces of his tampering.
He carefully slipped out of bed and walked out to the wardrobe, grabbing a sweater and socks and trainers before he headed out (making sure the duvet was tucked over Tony's shoulders before he did so). "JARVIS?" Steve called out once he was in the corridor. "Please let Tony know I'm just at the beach if he wakes up and I'm not here."
Tony didn't want to talk to anyone and preferred to be along with his whiskey and his thoughts. He spent the night wondering what the hell he was supposed to do or say when Steve returned.  Steve had lost it over an old and well-known crush... and after all his fucking talk of monogamy, was Tony just supposed to be cool with the whole Bucky thing?
He took out an egg and cracked it on the end of the bowl.  It didn't split evenly. He gave it another tentative whack, but it still didn't break.  He frowned at it carefully, thoughtfully, getting overly focused.
," Steve read out and raised a brow at Tony bemusedly. "Is the cookie threatening me?" he asked good-naturedly. "Kinda feels like it is."
"I'm just glad they didn't tell Gideon to look after me because you were busy and technically 'his' for the day or whatever. That would have been horrible," Steve whispered. "I knew... from the moment I saw that man, I just knew there was something
Steve didn't hesitate. He turned around and picked DeSoto up by the shoulders. The man was heavy but Steve didn't show it; DeSoto looked both surprised and alarmed. To Steve he wasn't heavy at all. He placed DeSoto outside incredibly gently and then plucked (what was actually
"Tony-- Mr. Stark-- doesn't discipline Steve like because he loves him," Rhodey said patiently. "The reason Gideon left you for this is because he doesn't love you, Donner. People who love each other don't do this. Would you seriously go back to him now, after everything he's put you through?"
He didn't believe in an afterlife, but he was pretty sure he was dead.  In addition to the fact that he appeared to be Nowhere, there was also the fact that here, in front of him, was what could only be the angel of death.  He had blond hair and sharp, piercing eyes; his naked body was sculpted and covered in blood.  He was standing before him, fists clenched, jaw fixed, looking like some sort of incredible propaganda poster.  No wings, but he wouldn't have been at all surprised if he'd suddenly unfurled a pair from his shoulder blades, because he looked exactly like an angel, like the kind he'd never believed in.
!  You lost my mate!  Call the World Security Council!  Call the STRIKE team! Call... call the National Guard!  Call
"I want in.  When's the debriefing?" he demanded.  If Steve was going to go, Tony was going to go with him.  Worse case scenario, he'd be able to haul Steve out of harm's way in the suit.  Even if Steve was kicking and screaming. It occurred to him, darkly, that if Steve hadn't miscarried in July, that by now he'd be three months along, and they'd probably know, and Steve sure as hell wouldn't be volunteering for stupid, dangerous missions.
There was no torture they could throw at him that would make him help them.  None.  He was a defense contractor and he was going to defend his plans until his dying breath.  He had set out to make the world a better place, to protect American soldiers, and he'd watched them gunned down like helpless little lambs.
"I have a name!" Steve called back, although his tone was good-natured. "Behave yourself, Wilson," he told Sam playfully before he pulled away to give Clint a proper welcome. Clint hugged him tighter than usual.
Thirteen was on speakerphone.  Her voice sounded strangely familiar.  "On site.  Looking outside.  I can confirm two on the balcony, two on the fire escape.  All have weapons.  One has some sort of exosuit, or at least his arm."
Steve shook his head. "They're angry and hurt. They don't know any better. But it's a good thing I was knocked out."
"Sorry," said Tony quickly.  He was trying to say and do the right thing, but Steve had a weird expression and Tony was pretty sure it was about the mating.  His fault. He should have just kept going, should have ignored the bitter taste... it had just surprised him, that was all... he'd popped the gland plenty of times but it had never tasted bad...
Steve let out a quiet sound as Tony stroked at him and teased at his entrance. He squirmed again, wishing Tony would just
The reactor was already in his hand; he half-crushed it as Vanko shoved him off, even though it was already too late.
Banksy curled over, his head leaning against Steve's shoulder. "I just... I don't know what to do now. There's this hole. And I've got nothing to fill it with. I'm beginning to understand why Donner wanted to go back to him, even though Gideon is such an ass." He sipped at more of his wine. "It's feels like I've lost a limb. Like a part of me has been... amputated."
"I'll go help get pizza," Kerry said, using the excuse to slip away. But just as she did the rest of them appeared outside, carrying mountains of pizza boxes.
Tony grabbed Steve's arm.  Steve's comment, about him being a "shitty Alpha, " cut deep.  But when Steve turned to look at him, Tony couldn't bring himself to admit that.
He walked in on Tony using his toothbrush and found himself smiling. Steve moved to turn on the shower, waiting for it to get warm before he took Tony's hand and dragged him into the shower with him. It felt good as the hot water ran down them and over the curve of his back and ass. It would feel good to watch away all those dried...fluids. "Sam is a
At the conference, a week ago, Donner had said "no."  And now Donner had gone the way of Astray. Had been "trickshotted," as the omegas at the conference called it.
just to pass the time. Tony remained uninterested in it. The show seemed funny enough and it made Pepper smile. Steve watched it with his notebook in his lap, writing down references he didn't understand to look up later.
what they're after... he's our most important-- oh, don't look so flattered, Rogers!"  They skidded through a red light and someone honked; a moment later, a black SUV with tinted windows was tearing after them.
Steve couldn't speak. He was barely even aware of the exchange with Karpov. He couldn't function. He couldn't think. All he could try and do was fight off the heat that threatened to burn through him. He was shaking and sweating and he knew he didn't have long to try and talk Bucky out of this.
Tony lapsed into silence suddenly.  He was thinking of another pair, his father and Jarvis.  Jarvis had been an immortal fixture in the Stark household.  He'd been around long, long before Tony; old pictures of his father often had Jarvis hovering in the background.  They'd known each other since what; the forties?  Tony wondered when they had bonded.  He wondered if Howard had met and married his mother before or after that; if Jarvis had met and married Ana before or after that.  Back in those days, it was rare for an omega to have normal relationships.  If they married, it would be with their Alpha or with another omega.  Jarvis and Ana had had a childless marriage, and now Tony knew why.
He swallowed and offered an awkward smile that was more sincere than other facial expression he'd worn this evening. "Makes the decision easier, doesn't it?"
Donner's eyes welled up again and he sat there for a while, choking back tears.  Rhodey waited uncomfortably, arms crossed.
Tony was lying on a new couch, in full armor.  Phil had suggested that sensory deprivation might help Tony find Steve.  Everyone was gathered around, watching the limp suit of armor draped over the couch, Tony inside it.
Steve worried about Tony over the next week but there wasn't much he could do. He made him food, but it was out of Steve's control if Tony actually chose to ate it. He calmed him best he could when he woke up from nightmares and gave him bottles of water when he drank too much (which was too often).
"...no dress code for omegas.  A very strict one for Alphas, though," said Pepper.  "Suit, tie, jacket..."
Steve was quiet for a while as he let those last words sink in. Let the real meaning clear into his mind. He wordlessly reached over and took Tony's hand, squeezing his fingers around the other's. A strange dull sort of rage uncoiled in his belly and made him almost squirm. It made Steve want to pepper Tony's face with kisses and punch a wall at the same time. But he was scared of saying the wrong thing, so he was quiet for a while. He was here, with Tony. That was what counted.
Then he heard a knock and quickly pulled the sheet over himself before Tiberius walked in with a glass of water. "Pill time," he said. It was time for Steve to take the twelve white along with the blue. He gave them all to Steve on a little plate along with the water.
"I love you, too," Steve murmured after a beat of quiet, nosing against Tony's shoulder as he let his own eyes slip shut for a brief moment. He hummed contently. This is what he'd always imagined a happy pair bond was like- maybe now he actually had it.
She also had a point about tests being easy to cheat.  With a week to figure out how to do it, Tony was sure he could pretty easily swing the psych eval.  Plus, he would be going in without Steve there to muck everything up.  It was Steve who was connected to the Winter Soldier, not him.  If he could just find a way to bury his bond with Steve, the rest of his brain would be fine.
"She said she wanted me to wait till I was twenty five, so I'd be sure," Hal said. "She's only five years older than me, but I wanted to finish my degree and Master's still. Now I'm doing my doctorate and teach, and she works at some big industry thing. It worked out well." They were clearly an incredibly smart pair and both doing well for themselves. Hal's Alpha hadn't limited her success; she'd bolstered it, supported her through further education. They were the perfect example of what an omega and Alpha could be as equals.
session."  Tony swirled his feet idly in the water.  The sun bleached out the glow of the arc reactor.  Tony looked up. "So about tomorrow.  I thought Malick said no performances or anything.  ...what song were you gonna sing? You gonna do it anyway?"
"Thank you for being so amazing about this," Steve murmured. "Most people wouldn't be.  I mean, the culture shock, the press-"
The nest?  Hm. Their "nest" wasn't really a "nest" so much as a pile of sweat- and semen-covered blankets bunched up into the corner of a now-ruined couch.  Oh well. It was getting the job done, for what that was worth.
He was trying not to panic now because he really, really didn't want to be re-trained; it was so painful.  But Karpov and another man were both getting up close to him and kept demanding the panic was rising rapidly.
"You go do nothing upstairs... I just wanna go downstairs for a bit and check on 4UMM-E," said Tony as they drove up the long drive to the circular front of the house.  "Oh! And we should call Margaret Turner, find out what her deal is!" He realized, with small pang of disappointment, that Piper hadn't joined the walk-out. Piper didn't seem happy and she didn't seem like she'd chosen Eric.  On the other hand, Eric didn't seem like as big a jerk as the rest of them.
Well, whatever.  Things were how they were.  No use moping over it. Tony was just going to have to come to terms with it and power through.  Bonds were permanent, after all. Sort of. Tony could distance them, if he wanted. He'd never loved anyone quite like he liked Steve, but if Steve told him to, he would.  Right now, he wasn't really sure
"No, he means seriously," Steve said with a smile. "He's been doing a lot of work on his suits.  It's very impressive. He can even pick me up with it."
"I love you," he whispered, so softly that it was doubtful Tony could hear it over the scream of the crowd before them, his fingertips brushing the edges of the arc reactor underneath his t-shirt. Steve's eyes dropped down for a moment and then back up to Tony's face.
He ran his hands up Steve's sides, slowly lowering his body onto Steve, pressing his weight down (but being careful not to press the arc reactor into him; lesson learned; he'd marked, cut, and burned Steve on multiple occasions).  Steve's hands were tangled in the sheets; Tony gently put his hands over Steve's, threading their fingers together. He gave their bonding mark a quick lick before wiggling his hips and pressing himself into Steve, shuddering at the tight warmth around his length.
Another pause, and then, "...'going home,' would that be going home to Tony, or elsewhere?  Do you think living with Tony is a particularly stable environment? Do you have any resources in place to help you if you and him have another dispute?"
"...he got you tulips once," muttered Tony.  Steve didn't  respond; he was too busy arranging the couch cushions under Tony's leg.
Pepper looked up from her phone.  They were on a fifteen-minute break; Tony was sitting at the conference room table, reviewing a pack going over their stock trends.  He'd been acting completely normal and responsible and work-oriented all day. It was horrifying.
Despite being in post-heat, Steve insisted on going down to the Project 84 offices.  Tony clung to him protectively. In the office, the omegas smirked knowingly at Steve's flushed appearance and slightly hyper demeanor.
"So, I got you something," he said, unnecessarily.  "Uh... I don't know if you'll like it. But I... y'know... got you something."  He looked embarrassed as Steve picked it up to open it. "...it's, uh, you know... bands," explained Tony.  "Matching bands, y'know... betas wear bands and... I guess it's trendy, pair-bonds getting bands, too, so... uh... I got two, y'know.  If you wanted to wear it and... have me wear it, too. Y'know. 'Cause we're bonded." Tony was terrible at being overly sappy. He took a sip of his champagne, obviously uncomfortable.  He wasn't sure if Steve would like the idea or not, but Pepper had suggested it. Pair-bonds didn't really need to wear bands to indicate they were paired; anyone who was statused could smell it.  But at least for betas, wedding bands were the only way to determine if they were bonded, and Tony thought it was a nice gesture. Something possessive, but also equal, and certainly a hell of a lot smaller and more subtle than a collar.
Tony cried out with pleasure as Steve began riding him. He was hesitant at first, but within moments, he was riding Tony's cock like a porn star, working his knot, moaning lustfully, his erection dragging across Tony's stomach.  Tony watched the omega eagerly impale himself, his face flushed, biting his lip, eyes rolling back.  Tony found himself moaning, not just at how good it felt to have Steve in his lap, but at the obvious enjoyment Steve was getting from this.  His body was quivering; there was a drop of precum glistening from his head.
"It's Steve.  His metabolism is like a hummingbird's," replied Pepper, who had one hand on Tony's arm.  "The last one he had came on like this, too.  At least this time we're at home."
"What?" said Natasha, eyes widening.  She and Phil had both reached for the holsters at their hips, automatically, at Tony's sudden rising, and Clint was reaching for the bow slung over his back.
"Oh my God, Steve... Steve, this guy, I went to school with this guy!  We went to Philips Academy together, back in the eighties, holy shit!" Tony laughed, running a hand through his hair, shaking his head in disbelief.  He dropped onto the couch on Steve's other side and reached out for Steve's cup of coffee. "Wow, oh man... I can't believe it... it's been, like, what, twenty-six years or something?"  He winced a little at Steve's coffee. "Steve, is there any coffee in this creamer?" he asked jokingly. He turned back to Stone. "Ty, what happened, how've you been?"
?" Steve asked with a playful smile hinting on his lips, his French accent far superior to his Russian one.
him, had they? Just to take him, forcibly.  He had not needed to bite Steve's neck for that.  But maybe they'd given him more instructions once Steve was in heat. It had never occurred to him that Bucky did it of his own volition. That he would do that to him. When Tony asked to be let go it was like Steve was burned. He stepped back immediately, eyes wide and confused. He looked lost, like a little kid from Brooklyn again who just couldn't quite find his way. Tony's phone started vibrating in his hand. It was Natasha.
"Just lemme know when you, ah, want me again," he said, voice distorted within the helmet.  "Cause if you change your mind, I, uh, I'd like dinner."  He turned with a whirling of gears, opened Steve's window (breaking it), and climbed out heavily.  "Bill me!" he yelled before dropping.
better for us now than in your time.  Arranged bonding is illegal.  Every year, fewer omegas are bought or sold or traded.  But yes, there are still underground auctions houses and black markets, and we didn't tell you because we knew you couldn't handle hearing about it.  We can't have you flying off the handle every time you find out about an injustice in the world. The world's full of them. You'll go crazy trying to solve them all."  Phil didn't sound defeated, just tired. Years-- decades-- of being a SHIELD agent meant that he had seen it all, knew just how bad things got. He'd been on plenty of cases that haunted him.  Everyone had. Being the one to break it to Captain America that life wasn't fair, even in the modern-day United States, was a heavy burden in and of itself.
Tony looked up at the CCTV's screen, paused on an image of Steve's form lying motionless in the snow, two figures standing over him.  He reached out with one metal-gloved hand and touched it lightly, longingly.
?  That seemed like the sort of thing Steve might do, if he thought said omega was being abused.  Steve was always doing stuff like that.
Tony took a deep breath, reached out, and took Malick's hand in his own.  He shook it and forced a smile, even though he felt sick.
"You're going to be brilliant. There's a sketch where you're president and another one where you're a soccer coach!" Banksy said, squeezing Steve's shoulders. "I checked over all of them myself. There's just the right balance of funny and politics. I promise."
The man muttered Russian above him.  He didn't understand it. There was a light source like 'Steve's' in the metal beast's chests. The metal skin he wore gleamed in the blue light.
Was it safe to put a feverish person into hot water?  Tony had no idea. He was trusting his and Steve's biology.  But just to be safe, he ran it warm instead of hot.
Then he stopped in front of Donner, who looked like he thought Steve was about to eat him alive. Oh dear. "I wanted to apologise for earlier," Steve said. "I didn't mean to get you in trouble."
And then he saw him. He was a glimmer of movement, a dark shape in the distance. He wasn't in combat gear; he was not wearing an uniform or insginia, but the glint of a metal hand was unmistakable. Steve's breath hitched. He pressed a hand against the glass, the heat of his touch making it steam up around the edges.
"And-" Steve sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "With regards to the Winter Soldier: if he really is such a powerful threat, and if he does try to shoot me, I won't have a problem defending myself." He remembered the piercing sound of a shot ringing out in his ears as the man killed him without hesitation. Whoever he was, he was not Steve's friend. "Sure, he smells of Bucky. But Bucky died. The Winter Soldier isn't him; he works for the enemy.  I don't want to reforge anything with
Natasha stood outside the one-way glass, watching him squirm. Her arms were crossed against her chest. "You sure you wanna go in there?" She murmured to Tony. "We're trained in negotiation."
He and Steve cuddled up in the backseat; Happy drove them silently home.  Tony had never been happier to see his house sitting on the cliffs of Malibu, dutifully awaiting his return.
"Yes.  When I smoked, he'd cough.  We didn't have enough money for a tree.  We both liked the Brooklyn Dodgers. His eyesight wasn't so great, though, and we never got good seats.  I always wanted to catch a foul ball but I never did."
"Fuck." Steve whispered against his cheek as the head of Tony's cock squeezed inside of him. He slid down slowly, savouring the sensation until his cheeks were rosy and his ass was full. It a foreign thing, being in charge of the pace for once. Steve wasn't sure how he wanted it, but he was about to find out.
"Thank you Pepper," Steve breathed, not honestly knowing how she could possibly have the time to talk with Aria and plan with her on top of everything else she did. But he was grateful, beyond a doubt. He watched Gleason check over Tony with a sense of relief. He did worry about his Alpha an awful lot, especially on his bad days, when he'd been drinking in the workshop alone and fell into bed at five. Steve knew it was Tony's drive, that he had to do it. But it still worried him all the same.
He punched in his keycode and slipped in.  When the bulletproof door shut behind them, it was eerily quiet.  Tony led Steve across the shop and toward another flight of stairs.  Steve knew there were two levels below this one; there was Tony's hall of suits and, below that, a wine cellar.  They descended the circular steps toward the wine cellar and crossed it, into the server room (or as Tony sometimes called it, "JARVIS's room").
"Please do," said Tony with a small smile.  "I missed you yesterday. Have you looked at our schedules?  They're bananas. And I'm not even talking about birthday plans or anniversary plans or anything... I got something good planned for our anniversary, by the way."
"...how about just a plain black one?  Black goes with everything. And later you can get a different color, if you fill it up," said Pietro.
