The panelling and furnishings were of the same rich wood as the panels in the hallway, each item carved elaborately with designs of scrollwork and plump, ripe fruits. Directly across from the entrance was a small, private stage, lit softly and framed with silken curtains of a rich, deep red. A long sofa and two high-backed chairs faced the performance area in anticipation. To the left was an armoire, an antique refreshments cart, and a plush chaise longue, the oversize cushioned seat obviously meant for a very pregnant Omega to recline on comfortably. To the right of the stage was a large, circular bed and canopy between two open doors, one leading to an impressive marble bathroom, the other to a large bedroom - private, but with ample space to entertain guests.
"No," the Alpha articulated as firmly as he could manage, standing his ground and meeting Moriarty's eyes.
Holding his Omega in his arms, the Alpha gently moved them both back from the headboard until he could lay John back against the pillows. He hummed lazily, drawing his mate into a deep kiss once John was laid out prettily beneath him. The Alpha moved to press slow kisses along his mate's jaw, over John's scent gland, down his neck, his collarbone, his shoulders. He cupped John's enormous breasts as best he could, his hands seeming small compared to their fullness, and circled the dark nipples with his thumbs. He licked up the drops of milk that beaded on the erect mounds and finally moved to his mate's belly, the low purr now a deep rumble. With careful consideration, the Alpha closed his eyes and pressed his nose to the swollen mound, inhaling the light scent of the skin there, the notes that were just slightly different from everywhere else on John's body. An even larger grin slowly spread across his face. "Two male," he communicated to his mate, raising his head so he could meet John's eyes, "One female. A beautiful litter of triplets, my Omega."
John looked up when Lestrade entered and offered a small purr in greeting, still wrapped in his Alpha's gift, feeling a little too Omega to be fully verbal. He looked at his mate and smiled warmly, purring louder, his eyes flicking first to the sideboard where they'd lined up drinks and then to the tree, as if to remind his Alpha of his duties as a host; John himself was disinclined to either get up or leave his cocoon, so Sherlock would be doing most of the work. His smile gained a touch of pride when Sherlock took the hint and in five minutes Lestrade was seated a safe distance from John, drink in hand, the gifts he'd brought in a bag slung around his wrist sitting under the tree with the gifts John and Sherlock had bought for their three guests. "You've really gone to town on lunch then, haven't you?" Lestrade was saying, raising his eyebrows a little. "Smells great. Gotta say though, I never had you pegged as much of a cook, Sherlock - posh git like you, thought you'd've had a chef growing up. Or are you gonna surprise me and tell me your mum taught you?" He grinned good-naturedly and took a large gulp of his whisky, ice clinking. John shifted a little in his makeshift nest and piped up. "Sherlock's done really well with the cooking," he mumbled quietly, almost vacantly, as if it was unconnected to the conversation, rubbing his belly proudly.
Sherlock's smirk blossomed into a wide, crooked grin. He inhaled deeply, puffing out his chest a little, and said, "Adam Gregory, Miles Artemus, Eleanor Sophia, Lucy Elspeth, Iris Victoria, Imogen Ava, Blake Everett, Arthur Amadeus, Alistair Robert, Benedict David, Felix Bennet, Viola Sibyl, Enora Anne, Miranda Rose, Jasper Benjamin, Percival Giles, Hugo Eliot, Charlotte Olivia, George William, Lorna Beatrice, Selena Phoebe, Stewart Linus, and Rupert Gabriel."
When the curtain had lifted it became clear that the wall it had covered was actually a two way mirror: The room it revealed was brightly lit and fitted out with a raised platform, upon which there was a breeding stand built in chrome and leather. Three Alphas were lounging on plush sofas to one side; three of the walls of the room appeared mirrored, betraying the presence of other suites like Sherlock and John's, the remaining wall panelled and carved in wood and containing a large reinforced wooden door.
how it felt. "Love cake. Cake is good. Didn't - didn't have to. But - yeah." He sent genuine, pure love and gratitude through the bond; he was thrilled about the cake, much as it was unnecessary to secure his forgiveness. As Sherlock's touches continued, he relaxed more and more, losing coherency; he was unable to think of anything but the Alpha and his caresses, and began to wonder if he might allow his mate to command him to swell after their meal; since he was carrying multiples, he could go through one forced swelling and birth full-size pups at nine months. The growth wouldn't be as extreme, but he would still look five or six months gone with one by the time he'd finished. Unbidden, the images slipped through their mental connection as he licked his lips and let his eyelids slide closed, luxuriating under Sherlock's hand.
"Bloody weird case, you sure I never told you about it? Woman got on a tube, empty carriage, and at the next stop a couple more people got on and she fell forward, dirty great dagger in her back. Witnesses all swear blind nobody went in or out of her carriage and CCTV never caught anything either," Lestrade was saying as he poured more gravy over his turkey. "I've got the cold case file somewhere... next time I want you to do a boring one I'll use it as leverage," he smirked, passing Sherlock the gravy boat.
He smiled fondly, kissing Sherlock's forehead as he kept stroking his curls.
His face reflected his desperation; he looked utterly wrecked, flushed and panting, his balls drawn up tight against his body, eyes screwed shut in concentration. He was moaning open-mouthed into his mate's neck as he moved his hand over his cock, only needing to move a couple of inches up or down to cover all of it, and knew he couldn't last much longer. He lapped at Sherlock's scent gland, whimpering submissively, begging to be used.
The knot rubbed against John's prostate, forcing another orgasm out of him, and he jerked and moaned in bliss as his Alpha filled him with seed. His body was hungry for it, clenching again and again around the knot, milking Sherlock of every last drop. John purred softly and nuzzled his Alpha's hair, dropping further into sleep thanks to the security of knotting. His arms slid off his mate, landing on the bed with a small thud, and he snuffled as he snuggled in close to Sherlock's chest. He slept on blissfully, completely unaware of Sherlock's come beginning to seep into his womb. Normally he'd have rocked his hips, encouraging his mate to fill him with a second load of semen, but he was simply too exhausted to move, so his body took over. His walls clenched around Sherlock's throbbing cock, milking him again, enticing him with the promise of another pup as the first egg attached and John's scent fizzed and bloomed, unmistakeably heralding a pregnancy.
Sherlock frowned in confusion as John tried to move his hand, but followed with his mate's movement easily. He cuddled John with the hand his mate was tugging, while tentatively moving the other to John's belly again, beginning to rub careful circles, lost and uncertain of what his Omega wanted. Just as John didn't want the Alpha to bring him off out of a sense of obligation, Sherlock didn't want John to accept the cake and fawn over him for it only for the sake of politeness - it would feel worse if John was only happy about the treat just to make Sherlock happy. He wanted to pleasure his mate - very much so - but he'd been distracted by the thought that John was just trying to avoid rudeness with his affections. "It looks like a cake," he said helplessly, "Don't you want it to be a surprise?"
Molly looked down at their hands with wide, red-rimmed eyes, one small, traitorous tear escaping and rolling slowly down her cheek. She moved to brush it away. Her lips parted in further surprise, however, as the Inspector began to rummage quickly through his pockets. In a moment, Lestrade was triumphantly pressing a small kleenex tissue into her hand with a small, sheepish grin. It was no posh, monogrammed handkerchief, but it was certainly something. The pathologist wiped the offending tear away with the gift and a trembling hand. "Thank you," she whispered almost inaudibly, a tiny, tentative, but genuine smile gracing her lips.
John sat obediently, waiting for his Alpha. He'd put the robe back on for warmth, but let it fall open, exposing his rounded belly. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back, satisfied. Each baby would only be the size of a Satsuma, but with thirteen of them in there it was enough to cause the swell. He sighed contentedly, feeling full and ripe. "We should start looking at houses soon," he called through to Sherlock. "We don't know how long it will take to find the right one."
..., Sherlock agreed, hesitant at releasing the little boy whose distress was so firmly tugging at his father's heart. Felix was only growing louder by the moment; soon, Sherlock knew, he would be screaming and wailing in a full-blown tantrum if nothing was done. It was worth a shot, the Alpha decided a second later, as the pup's cries increased a few decibels. Dislodging him from his hair, the Alpha kissed Felix gently before laying him down next to Arthur.
"May I speak to you in private, Mummy?" Sherlock asked quietly. Beatrice shook her head, but came obediently when her son gently took her hand in his. He led her quietly to the anteroom without another word.
John paused for a moment. "Yes, you're right, we should all have the same last name. What do you prefer? Holmes-Watson or Watson-Holmes? I said Watson-Holmes for myself because I've always been John Watson and it keeps my name together while including yours, like you said John Holmes is terrible... but for me the most important thing is joining our names, I'm not sure how much I mind the order. John Holmes-Watson is less terrible, isn't it? And honestly, everyone we know is going to keep calling us Sherlock Holmes and John Watson anyway. We're really just choosing a surname for the babies. Which do you think scans better? Maybe we should try it out with some of the names we've picked. Lucy Victoria Holmes-Watson. Lucy Victoria Watson-Holmes. Miles Gregory Holmes-Watson. Miles Gregory Watson-Holmes. You know, I think yours first goes better?" He leaned in and kissed his Alpha again, not submissively, just to show him how much he loved him.
he asked as he slid his fingers up his slick length, looking at the blue toy the club Omega so firmly held,
Sherlock's hand was closed firmly over his John's shoulder as he watched his mate and mother, his expression unreadable. He drew in a breath, and Mycroft found himself tense. But then the young Alpha met his mate's eyes, giving an almost imperceptible nod of assent. Purring quietly, Sherlock nuzzled at his mate's scent gland before peering over John's shoulder to monitor the proceedings.
"Goodness! What kind of aeroplane would you like to be?" Sherlock asked earnestly. "A great big one!" Enora replied, her eyes bright with enthusiasm. John's feelings sang through their bond and enveloped him as well, and he gathered his mate closer.
, he couldn't - he was supposed to hold out. Trembling, he forced himself to lie down and press his covered cock into the Omega's dripping hole.
Mycroft strolled through, his jacket shrugged off, and began to roll up his shirt sleeves. "Breakfast is in order, I believe," he said with a gentle, almost sad smile at his brother, "anyone for pancakes?" John gaped at him as he sauntered to the kitchen and emerged a minute later, expertly whisking eggs in a bowl.
John purred as everything was perfectly in place and held his hand out for Sherlock. "Come here then, love," he murmured. "I think we should snuggle on the sofa and watch bad tv until the guests arrive, don't you?" He mewled happily when Sherlock came over to him, wrapping them both in John's new fur blanket, holding him close and cradling his belly. "Enjoy this while it lasts," John chuckled. "This is the simplest, quietest Christmas we're ever going to have. After this we'll have thirteen babies crawling around, then thirteen toddlers, then thirteen two-year-olds and more babies... God help us," he grinned. He sighed contentedly, unable to remember being happier on Christmas day; as a child family Christmases had always been overshadowed by fighting, crying, his mother burning the dinner, Harry causing trouble, his dad getting a bit drunk... It had never been like this, loving and warm and perfect.
John murmured when he heard the crunch of footsteps on gravel,
Careful of the other pups already sleeping on top of him, Sherlock took Enora in his arms and kissed her temple. He cuddled her in a firm but gentle embrace, knowing that bundling her up helped calm her down. He sometimes suspected it was because she of all her siblings had had the most time in the womb.  "I'll tell you about an aeroplane I went on, if you promise to listen quietly," he said softly, taking a cue from John's book. Enora's eyes widened, and she nodded vigorously.
get started..."
He let his head roll back as he massaged his breasts, cupping and squeezing them, brushing his fingertips over his plump nipples and pinching them lightly, making his milk start to drip and splash onto his bump. Every thrust made him jerk back against the headboard, utterly pliant, taking everything the Alpha wanted to give him as he kept touching himself, moaning and gasping from pleasure as he caressed his full breasts, displaying himself proudly,
Lestrade smiled back at her, flexing his fingers slightly to feel her tiny, delicate hand in his large rough one. The pathologist sniffed minutely, the steady pressure grounding her, the earlier attentions from Mycroft giving her enough confidence to accept this at face value. Mycroft was watching them with a warm, soft expression, something like approval, but the other three had pointedly averted their eyes when Molly welled up, not wanting to embarrass her.
He glanced over at Lestrade, looking utterly wrecked, but the DI knew better than to go to him, despite how much his instinct demanded that he comfort his friend. He wasn't pack, and after a threat to his Omega like this Sherlock wouldn't tolerate anyone but his own scent or his pack leader's. He pulled out his phone and called Mycroft. "Mycroft, listen, John's in trouble - Moriarty got into the house, he's injected John with something, I think it's designed to start labour - we need an ambulance here with the counteracting drugs five minutes ago," he explained hurriedly, wincing as he heard another feral snarl from the nest. John had screwed his eyes shut but he could hear his Alpha snarling and the other Omega's desperate noises of agony as he tried to escape from the enraged detective.
"Hello," the man said vapidly. "I'm Dr Anderson."
If Sherlock had been able to materialize data from his mind palace, he could have handed John a large volume of evidence proving he was no hero. The previous night was certainly at the top of the list - as was every time he failed to protect the Omega from himself; the Alpha shut out the memory quickly, before it could ruin the moment. He could have corrected his mate, but instead cupped one plump breast as best he could, humming against his Omega's lips as the most casual touch caused the enormous teat to spray jets of milk against him. He tentatively rolled his hips again, shivering as the motion sent a rush of pleasure emanating from his cock. Sherlock kissed John desperately, trying to find the safe space they'd had minutes earlier, the natural rhythm of nothing but them, needing to lose himself in it once more.
"Servant," he snapped after several minutes, calling the club Omega from the other room. The man waddled hastily to the bed, clutching his full belly to steady it. "I want you to bring a small feast for my Omega. The richest dishes this club has to offer." He stroked John's hair lovingly, purring as he looked down at his pliant mate with pride. "I'm going to stuff him so full that he swells even more. I don't doubt you know the proper dishes for that." With a meaningful look at the man, he dismissed him, returning to his tender affections for his newly-dropped Omega. He needed to care for John now, to reassure John he approved of him and this condition so that his mate would remain comfortable.
Sherlock purred as the commercials started up, flicking off the telly and snuggling closer into his mate. He pressed his lips close to John's ear, his voice a low, sultry rumble. "Now, I believe you promised me a..." But John didn't stir; his eyes remained gently closed, his breathing soft and even. The Alpha sighed fondly, then pressed a chaste kiss to his mate's cheek. "I suppose it
"I want to be a doctor like Mama," Miles chimed in, yawning and snuggling into Sherlock's stomach.
"I'm telling the truth," Sherlock interjected.
"Yes, John, yes," Sherlock hummed eagerly, "I'll call Mycroft later and make sure it's held for us- it would be ready for us almost right away if we choose it - you could build the nest, then we could move in the cribs. When you become bedridden you'll have that lovely large window to look out of, and when this litter is born and grows older, you can watch them playing in the garden while you swell with the next ones. The home is nearly perfect - I knew you would love it." He pressed more kisses to John's belly before moving up his body and capturing his lips. He could sense John's desire to nest through their bond and through his mate's scent; the need combined with the revelation about their pups made him heady with desire for his Omega, and he purred happily as he kissed him, beginning to gently rock their bodies together.
John's eyes welled up with tears. "Six daughters... seven sons," he sniffled happily, fisting his hands in his Alpha's curls as his belly was kissed and worshipped. "Oh, Sherlock... mmm, feels good, love," he purred as Sherlock rubbed and kissed him. "Can you see us, raising them in that second house we saw today? That big Victorian house full of children again, making our nest in that lovely large room, thirteen little cribs lined up around the walls? I can," he husked, his Omega taking over as he imagined decorating the whole house to their taste. They wouldn't need to do much. A little wallpaper here, new carpets in some rooms, new ceiling lights. He was about 95% certain that he wanted it; he just had to see the other few houses they'd put on their shortlist to be sure. "I think it might be the one... we'll know after we see the rest of them tomorrow. What do you think?" he asked, the urge to nest stronger now that he could imagine their brood properly.
"What about you two?" Oliver asked Sherlock curiously, "Was it love at first sight, or did it take you a while to bond?"
"No-one," John agreed quietly, nuzzling Sherlock's collarbone. "I can't help praising you, displaying myself to you... I've loved you for so long but couldn't tell you, now that I can, I find I want to say everything I never could," he smiled. "Fuck, Sherlock, you're so perfect... You are my other half. You complete me," he said softly, kissing a line up Sherlock's neck before seeking his lips. "We are one. I can't wait to marry you so
his milk as he groped his breast... John's Omega was rapidly gaining ground, and he panted lustfully, kissing back eagerly as he begged through the bond for permission to drop utterly into his instinctive state, to allow the Alpha to dominate him and satisfy his own instinct by reclaiming the Omega, reminding him who he belonged to, claiming his reward for protecting the family so well.
John smirked imperceptibly as he heard Sherlock groan and shuffled off the mattress, realising he was simply too big to kneel on the bed and reach Sherlock's cock - his belly got in the way. He pulled Sherlock towards him by his knees and opened his mouth, taking as much as he could, sucking eagerly and humming delightedly at the taste. He stroked and squeezed his Alpha's balls as he worked, pulling off to lick up and down his mate's shaft, nuzzling and worshipping the huge cock in front of him. He bobbed his head and brought his free hand up to help, grasping the spongy tissue where the knot would form and massaging in time with his sucking. He worked until Sherlock was panting and moaning and sat back on his heels, giving his Alpha a full view down his front, and stroked him with his hands. "Look around you, my Alpha," John purred breathily, swiping his thumb over the slit as his fingers worked over the shaft, "look at what we've built. We've made a nest... A nest for me to birth your pups in. I'll be lying on the bed you're on now, crying out and huffing and puffing, pushing out pup after pup... So many it'll take a full day to get them all out... Look at
"Absolutely," Sherlock smiled against his future wife's cheek, "Yes, we absolutely can. It will be helpful when we tour, and I know how much you will love being able to picture our nursery. If we find things we like, we can have the store hold them on layaway until we choose a home to put them in." He kissed John happily, excited at the prospect of providing something that would make his Omega so content. Soon they would have a large house, too - more than enough to shelter his mate and pups and keep them comfortable. The Alpha in him purred, satisfied.
"I did," Sherlock answered. He gently took John's hands and twined their fingers together, guiding the Omega over to a chair in front of Lestrade's desk, and pulling the man down onto his lap. "Now, to business," he began, gathering John closer against him as he spoke, shifting pointedly so the Omega could feel his arousal pressing through his trousers. Sherlock kept himself perfectly composed, explaining to Lestrade the significance of the symbols painted on the bodies even as he grew harder under the Omega because of John's protective display.
Sherlock's cock twitched again, heavily interested. "You think I haven't deduced it?" he breathed with a smirk, taking advantage if the moment to touch John's belly further, splay his fingers greedily over the sticky skin, feel the weight of the swell in his hands. He nipped gently at his Omega's ear. "You can no longer change positions in bed without my help. Even walking is beginning to be cumbersome to you now - your waddle has grown deeper over this past week." He purred happily. "You're becoming more reliant, daily growing closer to needing me to do every little thing for you." With a press of his lips to his mate's scent gland, he pulled away, observing his mate's heavy body with pleasure as he helped John from the bed. He licked his lips as they began to walk towards the bathroom, John's encumbered gait sending blood rushing to the Alpha's groin.
John sensed his mate's apprehension and shuffled closer, purring quietly to reassure him. They held hands as they were driven to the centre of the city, pulling up outside the hotel within twenty minutes. John managed to waddle to the bottom of the steps unassisted but he needed his mate's help to climb the short flight to the entrance hall, resplendent with marble and large vases of pink and white flowers. A hostess in a Chanel tweed skirt suit tapped over in her shiny black heels to greet them. "Ah, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson, welcome back to the Landau," she smiled. "Mr Lewis is ready to see you, this way please." She led them to the manager's office, pausing uncertainly when she heard his voice raised.
John saw Sherlock's eyes drop and followed them, turning a little red when he realised. He kept stroking anyway and smiled at him. "It's fine. If we want to hide it I can always hold my coat in front of the bump, to give them time to prepare for the news. Although with your brother I do rather want to parade in wearing just my vest and climb onto his desk to shove the bump in his face," he smirked. He reached out for his Alpha and kissed him again. "Shall we start sharing our news?" he breathed into his ear, excited to tell Mrs Hudson.
"But we've already bought the cots, my love...," Sherlock reminded him softly, only after the Omega's breathing had fallen into the slow rhythm of a deep sleep.
Sherlock followed slowly behind. He'd been enjoying the hazy afterglow, and objected to being so unceremoniously pulled from his declarations of claim over his mate for something so banal as a
Sherlock gasped as he remembered, the memory had been so carefully hidden away in his mind palace, under lock and key, "Yes, I thought about it," he replied, his thrusts slowing, less harsh and more gentle, "I thought about what it'd be like to mount you and fuck you in that bed, for you to wake up and find me inside you, thrusting hard into you, filling you before you even had a chance to think, my teeth already in your neck, making you mine ..." He pressed his cheek to his mate's, breathing in John's scent as he panted and thrust and groaned. Even more, he recalled, he had thought about John turning to him of his own free will, of John wanting him, smiling fondly at him, of John with Sherlock's ring on his finger and Sherlock's pups in his belly. John's skin glowing faintly in the moonlight, John's eyes bright with adoration as he spread his legs invitingly, stretched out a hand to guide Sherlock to touch his rounded middle, big with the litter Sherlock had placed in him... It had been too much for the Alpha; he'd filed it away immediately and never allowed himself another dream like it - it had seemed too painfully impossible.
he moaned through the bond, his coherency slipping as he relaxed further,
," Sherlock corrected gently, his Alpha loving the utter submission of the Omega before him. Nonetheless, he rolled John onto his back, more come leaking from the hole between his mate's obscenely spread legs. He dipped his finger in it with a smirk and made John taste, to suckle on his digit and swallow the sticky release. The Omega's belly bulged obscenely from his prone form, glistening with sweat, his belly button a proud mound topping the swell. The Alpha growled his approval, arching over his mate possessively to drink from John's still-swollen breasts.
milk you," he smirked, giving a teasing lick to the Omega's scent gland, "It's like you said: everyone will know what we're doing- perhaps I should just let you swell and leak, then, wait until the fullness of your breasts strain the fabric of your shirt so the buttons are nearly ready to pop.. wait until you're whimpering with each breath, your nipples trapped against your wet shirt, pushing hard against the cloth." Sherlock licked his lips, "You'll be so sensitive then, so eager, so wet, nearly wanting to tug at yourself just to relieve the pressure... you'll be leaking through your trousers, too, desperate for my cock."
pack. As an unbonded Alpha, being part of a pack will greatly increase his prospects for bonding as well as his status at work. I leave the decision up to you; you must be the one to ask him if you deem it right. I will not ask him to join our pack when it is me that he must submit to in order to join, it must be a free and considered choice, without any shame or awkwardness should he not wish to submit to me as his pack Alpha."
"Are you sure you can take it?" Sherlock growled, thrusting hard into him. He reached a hand under his mate's enormous belly, John's small cock hard to find under the low, hanging curve of his womb. Finally he closed his slender fingers around it, feeling it slick with sweat and precome. "You'll hardly be able to stretch your lips around the head but you'll take it anyway.. ohh, fuck, John, you'll look so good like that, my cock stuffed down your throat..  you're such a whore you'll still be.. nnh.. moaning for more of it as I fuck you, as I hold your hair and make you take it." He began to pump John's member frantically, in no mood for languid, teasing strokes as he fucked his mate as forcefully as John's massive weight would allow. He loved how vocal John was during sex, wanted to pull as many noises and as much dirty talk as he could out of his mate. Having a thought, he quickly swiped his phone from the bedside table, turning on the microphone recording function before tossing it back. "I'll wank over you first, then straddle you and make you push your breasts together, sit on top of the big belly I've given you and fuck them as I rut against you.."
never
Sherlock placed a kiss to one of John's breasts, gently nuzzling the soft mound before latching on. Once again, warm milk flooded his mouth, and he hummed, placing a hand on John's belly and feeling their numerous pups wriggling there. He could feel John's certainty through their bond. The Alpha suckled gently, feeling at peace, warm and safe, curled up against his mate. When he had drained the second breast, he leaned upward to kiss his mate. "Thank you," he murmured, sending love strongly through their bond.
Sheltered close against Sherlock's chest, Alistair kicked his legs experimentally, getting used to the feeling of the spray, and he relaxed a little as he decided that like this, cuddled close to his sire, the water was alright. The pup nuzzled as close as he could get, a little calmer but still not ready to embrace the spray just yet, and John smiled at the sight just as Miles began to squeal and flex his fingers, demanding his mother's attention. "Oh yes, can't leave you out, can we?" John cooed, lifting the baby carefully and cuddling him close, stroking his dark hair gently. "But you don't mind the water, do you Miles?" The pup burbled happily in agreement, setting off an echoing chorus of gleeful giggles and squeaks from the rest of the litter, and John chucked softly, pressing a kiss to Miles's dark hair. He glanced over to Sherlock to see how he was coping with Alistair, who had stopped fussing and was blinking up at his father, regarding him intently.
"You look wonderful, Captain," the corporal grinned back. "Ready to go in?"
"Can't wait," John mewled submissively, his instincts all but running him. "Can't wait to get so big for you that I can't move... let you keep me naked in the nest all the time, feeding me and fucking me whenever you want... ohh god, I can feel your pups moving in me, all of them, fuck, so good... may I come, my Alpha, please?" he begged desperately, his mate draped over his back while caressing his belly and forcing his huge cock in and out of his hole making him almost blind with lust, his small cock pulsing, balls drawing up close to his body.
Sherlock breathed, smiling at the slight roughness of John's tongue against his skin. He rubbed slow circles over the Omega's belly as he broke off another large piece,
Sherlock's eyes grew darker. He hummed as he stroked his wife's hair, his own pulse beginning to quicken at his mate's needy attentions and the warm press of John's body. He had to admit that he was as eager for it as his mate was, even as he tried to keep his demeanour more relaxed. It was conflicting, after all that had passed, to quite know what to do - half of him still wished to self-flagellate, to detangle his mate from his cozy position and remind John that he wasn't worthy of his touch; the other half knew that they both needed it, that it would give pleasure to John, and that denying it would only make things worse. The Alpha smiled softly and licked his mate's brow.
; refined, full of character. He liked that the nursery was ready to go as well, and thought they could very easily knock some walls through to create more open-plan living space from the parlours and sitting rooms. It would be ready sooner than the first house, and needed less work, but he couldn't see a space for a lab, and it had one less bathroom. He liked the privacy it offered, though; they could always have another bathroom installed. He kissed Sherlock's cheek sweetly, letting his Alpha know he'd chosen well. They looked at it a while longer before departing, Mary offering to drive them again. John leaned in to Sherlock as they drove towards the next house, the yellow stone blue slate roofed one in St John's Wood, and whispered to him too quietly for Mary to hear, rubbing his front subtly against his Alpha. "Maybe we could ask to look round this one alone? Have a little privacy... I need you to milk me." Oblivious, Mary began chattering to them. "This one is a little bigger. Eight bedrooms, with an already converted attic, very spacious, you could use as a nursery. Right above the master suite. Large open plan kitchen/diner and living room, decent sized garden with a nice high fence. Quite modern inside but with some period features like the fireplaces and cornicing. The master is ensuite, as are three of the other rooms. The other four bedrooms share two Jack-and-Jill bathrooms. Where would you like to start the tour?"
As he danced he watched Sherlock stroking himself, mouth watering at the thought of his prize, and the sight encouraged him to display himself more wantonly. He squeezed his breasts, spilling milk over the dark silk draped across his swollen stomach, slid his hands down to cup his belly and lift it, showing off the weight he was carrying to entice the Alpha. John twirled and snaked his hips and caressed himself, lustful and uninhibited, all the while moaning and panting and keening as he watched his mate for signs of approval.
In his father's arms, Alistair had relaxed further, and had loosened his iron grip on Sherlock's arm. He still clung to the Alpha with one chubby fist, but his other arm waved enthusiastically as the pup began to squeal to demonstrate his approval of this state of affairs.
"You've been producing more slick than usual," the detective continued, clearing his throat as he suppressed his Alpha, "Going through so many pairs of pants and trousers, when you're allowed to wear them. Definitely close to birthing - you were like a faucet with the last ones in the weeks before they arrived, and absolutely insatiable. You were practically a wild animal in heat, needing me all day and all night..." His Alpha was winning out again, and he growled deeply. "Tell me, how does it feel this time around?"
"Oh no," John groaned, "I'm so sorry... I didn't think they'd pick words up like this for a while yet. Only a Holmes... and I've got three more of them on the way," he smirked, patting his enormous belly proudly as he waddled heavily towards the door. "Christ... I'll be glad when this lot make an appearance, any longer and I'd be back in my wheelchair..."
"If I'd scented fear or distress, you'd have thrown them out faster than I could blink," John pointed out reasonably, rubbing his cheek against Sherlock's chest. "It was the fastest way to make you better, to make sure you were capable of protecting our family again. And you made sure I was well looked after, you brought me everything I could need. You were a good Alpha, so attentive, made me better. I'm not made of glass love, I can handle a little rough treatment - we both make sacrifices for our bond, don't forget that. I know what I can handle, and you didn't push me past that or force me to take anything I really didn't want, so I don't see a problem." He kissed his mate's chest again, resuming his purring.
... I imagined you shoving your nose against my neck and scenting me, then dragging me over to the lab bench, pushing me over it and pulling my jeans down just far enough to get your cock in me... you'd push in slowly, making sure I felt every inch of you, and then you'd plaster yourself against my back and
Omega presenting himself on the blankets. The Alpha's mouth nearly watered as the enticing scent of needy, aroused, eager-to-please Omega began to fill the air heavily, his cock now obviously tenting his pyjama bottoms. Before he knew it, he was in front of John, in front of the fullest breasts and belly he had ever seen - all for him. All because of him. He growled deeply, a predatory grin growing on his face as he loosed his trousers and dropped to his knees on the nest.
John saw his confusion and purred to reassure him. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to do," he comforted, "you have the power to choose now. All I'm saying is, make sure you know who you are, travel a little - maybe you could take a gap year, there are loads of organisations that organise groups of Omegas to go to developing countries and work with orphans, or to do animal conservation or teach English. I know that travel was good for me - it helped me find my own limits, I know what I'm capable of. You've been controlled by Siger for so long, I think it'd be good for you to set your own rules for a while. It's fine to want pups, to want to be a mother, but let yourself explore your other options too. If you decide that all you want is to be a mother, there's absolutely nothing wrong with that, but at least you'd know what the world can offer. Do you see what I mean? You don't have to exist to please an Alpha. It can just be about you."
"Not exactly, we just knew John was enduring his heats alone and you always got a bit snappish around those times... We knew neither of you would bond with anyone else. I'm happy for you both, honestly. Congratulations, mate," he grinned at John. "Better get the rest of it over with, eh?" he rolled his eyes, calling Donovan and Anderson into his office.
..." He let his mate continue to rub his belly, pushing it into his hands, as his own hands moved up to cup his little breasts, filled up with milk again and needing relief, the Alpha's command for them to fill with milk leaving them in overdrive. He smoothed his palms over the little mounds, cupped them and jiggled them slightly as his Alpha fucked him a little harder. He squeezed them slowly, watching as they gushed forth more milk, drenching his chest and hands. He mewled happily and kept milking himself, soaking himself and the sheets.
. He nuzzled into Sherlock's shoulder, a tiny content smile on his face, quickly falling fast asleep.
John melted into Sherlock's arms at the praise, trying to purr but emitting more of a confused whimper. Delicately he poked out his tongue, lapping Sherlock's fingers clean diligently and humming at the taste, nuzzling into his mate's petting and warmth; he liked the kind words, he liked the approval flowing through their bond. He exhaled heavily against his mate's neck as if he'd just run a marathon and Sherlock was the only thing keeping him upright, kissing his Alpha's scent gland submissively to show his adoration. The metal tag of the collar clinked against the d-ring as he moved, a reminder of his ownership, and John couldn't help but rub his face against his master; he was too exhausted for speech, but his affectionate nuzzling told his mate enough.
Just as before, some of the pups tried to purr in response, but none managed more than a satisfied hum and a small raspberry. Eleanor poked out her tongue, trying to scent John's neck; the pups were reaching the stage where they would attempt to taste things to gather more information about them, and their parents were no exception. John chuckled softly and pulled the baby away from his neck. "That tickles," he smiled easily, setting her back in her bath and reaching out to pet some of her siblings.
, and it tugged at his heart, but he wasn't quite ready to open up, not yet - and suddenly there was an encouraging purr from John.
Sherlock cleared his throat slightly, and put on his best apologetic smile. "Actually, John and I were rather hoping to tour this one on our own." "Oh?" Mary asked, looking a bit taken aback. She opened her mouth to enquire the reason, but the Alpha headed her off, "We can always find our own way to the last place if you don't want to wait around - or possibly home, if my Omega begins to feel too tired." His hand moved up the bump to rest on where the swell began right under his Omega's round breasts, thumb sneakily beginning to rub small circles along the side of one of the pert mounds. The agent seemed confused and almost a bit offended, but Sherlock had obviously closed the conversation and she could only nod in understanding, unlocking the last place with the request for them to call her if they decided to see the last home that day.
Before the Alpha could reply, Lestrade returned with the requested book and Mycroft arrived. The DI held back, allowing the pack Alpha to enter the nest first as a mark of respect, following him inside and laying the book on Sherlock's bedside table. He retreated to the doorway again, standing guard, waiting patiently to see if he could be of further use.
Sherlock paused for a moment, his eyes heavy with lust, letting his eyes trail over his Omega's pliant form. He brought them to sitting slowly, kissing and suckling along John's chest and shoulders before looking up at his mate darkly. "I want you to get on your knees suck me," he rumbled, "Until I'm nearly at my climax. Then I want you on my lap, riding my cock as you moan and rub your belly and breasts, displaying yourself to me completely."
Sherlock purred, carding his good hand through his mate's sandy hair. Pendleton's was obviously off the table for the day; Sherlock guessed that at some point, John would ask for the collar again, would suggest going to the club to please him - but when that would happen would be at the Omega's discretion. At the back of his mind he wondered if it would be better to have a brand new collar designed for John, or if his mate would still prefer the old one despite it being tainted with bad memory. It was another subject not to be brought up until later. He didn't fancy watching films just yet, and morning sex was a bit out of the question in a bed full of happy, wriggling babies - besides, John seemed to be feeling more cuddly than sexy. The swollen pillows of his mate's breasts, though, couldn't help but look inviting as they slowly grew heavier with milk, John's body already replenishing for the next feeding. He moved his hand to cup one idly, lovingly circling the fat nipple with the pad of his thumb.
quick," he added thoughtfully, "Since these little ones were still wriggling in their Mama's tummy when I was introduced into the pack - weren't you, little guy?" He brushed a finger fondly across the baby's cheek, and Adam snuggled further into him happily. Remington seemed to consider the collar in his hands more thoughtfully at the remark. "I was their first pick by far, they said," the DCI continued, preening.
"Glad we've got that sorted," John said briskly, snapping the Alphas back to attention. "Now look, I know why it happened. Sherlock was sick, we needed to take care of him and this was the fastest way to get him back to normal. I know our hormones went mad, I know it got out of hand, and I know none of you buy into that Alpha supremacist bullshit. I know none of you would ever force an Omega to do anything against their will. I'm glad we're closer as a pack." His voice was steely but even, and he paused to exhale hard through his nose. "That said, if EITHER of you EVER even come CLOSE to behaviour like that again, I will throw you out of the house and refuse to let you back in for a MONTH!" The Alphas paled; pack bonds could easily weaken over the course of a month, as well as the fact they'd lose the benefits of socialising with the pups - lowered blood pressure, increased serotonin levels, stronger imprints on the pack scent. It risked the pups being a little unfamiliar with them when they were finally allowed back in.
His eyes fluttered closed and his mouth hung slightly open as he slowly and deliberately dragged his dripping hole over the head of his Alpha's cock, rubbing himself against it.
Sherlock purred and gave an affectionate lick to the shell of his mate's ear. The Alpha pressed up close against his mate's soft form, resting his forehead in John's sandy hair and draping his arm over the Omega's on John's middle. Exhausted from the heat and aiding John through such a long birth, Sherlock began to doze. When he woke again, he was completely lucid. Groggily, the Alpha rose from his mate's side; he'd slipped out of John sometime during his nap, and frowned when he noticed his seed drying on the back of the Omega's thighs. Dried semen was obvious on the sheets, as well - the condom must have broken. Outside John, from the look of it. Sherlock wrinkled his nose as he was met with the smell of sweat and birth and soiled sheets. There was something else, too, but he couldn't yet put his finger on it. The Alpha sighed; it was best he clean everything up before John woke. He began to carefully strip the bed, rolling the sleeping John whenever he needed to remove a sheet below him. He'd placed the soiled nesting blankets by the door to be taken by Mrs Hudson and his family, in exchange for a large washbasin full of warm water. His mother and Catherine had peeked their heads through the doorway curiously, Beatrice purring with delight at the scents of a successful birth before Sherlock lovingly shooed them both away; it would be time for family in the nest soon enough.
Beatrice whined softly in sympathy at her eldest's distress. "There now," she coaxed in motherly tones, carefully detaching herself from the pack Alpha's embrace to bring both her boys into a loving hug of her own. "It's done with," she soothed, kissing Mycroft adoringly on the forehead, "there is nothing more to be sorry for - it's over, and I am so very proud of you - proud of you both. My perfect sons. Mummy loves you so much, my precious babies. We're all safe now, we're all here... it's okay, I've got you both..."
Sherlock cupped his mate's cheek and captured John's lips in his, drawing his Omega into a deep, loving kiss. The Alpha took his time, pressing gently into his mate's mouth, huffing in contentment as their tongues met and moved together. He noticed too, that he felt enormous inside John. His cock hadn't returned fully to its average size after the birth; it was comparatively longer and thicker, and would become just a little more so with each successive birth. Every clench and flutter of the Omega's walls was amplified. He pulled back, looking deep into John's eyes once again before peppering his cheeks with small, gentle kisses, moving faster in him, so close just from the intimacy of it all. John's love and adoration buoyed him up; his whole body felt warm not only from the sex but from the feelings radiating from his Omega. "God, so tight," he murmured, biting down lightly on the shell of John's ear, "Such a good Omega, to mother my pups and drop three more eggs for me to fertilize... You'll be swollen large, your breasts will grow even more to accommodate the next three....," he panted lightly,  "Incredible... So proud of you... I- ahhh-" Just as he rested his forehead against John's, he began to come, releasing a deep groan and filling his Omega full of his seed.
" John hissed, protesting weakly, "no. No way, we haven't got tiii-aaaahhhh..." He broke off as his Alpha's long fingers slipped into him, wriggling against the intrusion. "We can't Sherlock, they'll be here any minute - " Interrupted again, this time by the sound of the doorbell. John's eyes widened, the predatory smirk never having disappeared from the Alpha's face as he continued to lick and kiss the Omega's neck. Reaching down to push at the Alpha's wrist genty, John attempted to reason with him. "No, Sherlock, we haven't got time... they're here already," he moaned softly, his breath hitching in spite of his feeble protestations.
Beatrice watched proudly as her sons suckled hungrily from John's breasts, rubbing Sherlock's back as he drank; on her other side Catherine cradled Remington lovingly, brushing his hair out of his eyes as he continued to nurse, one hand gently squeezing her still-pert breast as if to encourage milk to emerge. "Is that better, Remi? Does my darling feel all nice and safe and loved?" she asked softly, purring when he whimpered happily and nodded and murmured "Yes, Mother" before renewing his suckling.
"Victor," Sherlock greeted with a breath. "How- how are you?" He felt John's courage wash over him and stood a little straighter, lowering his eyes deferentially so the other man's Alpha would not perceive the body language as a challenge or dominant posturing. A muscle in his jaw worked slightly as he awkwardly regarded his old friend, a strange feeling rising in his chest that he could not name. It had been so long since he'd heard that voice; he'd forgotten how pleasant it was, how kind - and yet Victor's eyes were lit with intelligence, as well. While Victor had always been compassionate, he was not stupid. Sherlock blinked a little, realizing. He'd
John deflated a little at his mate's unenthusiastic response. "Don't have to," he offered quietly, taking the phone from Sherlock and dialling the local Chinese, a little soothed by the hand on his belly. He ordered his favourite chicken chow mein and some spring rolls, the vegetable tempura with sweet chilli sauce for Sherlock and some pork fried rice to share, and handed the phone back as he nuzzled into the crook of his mate's neck, wanting to hide his rising blush. The Alpha's hand on his belly was already making him react, his little cock twitching with interest, but Sherlock hadn't seemed particularly interested, and John didn't want him to do it out of a sense of obligation. He tugged on his mate's wrist, trying to get him to cuddle him instead. "So this cake," he tried, "what exactly does an apology cake look like?"
John mewed agreeably as Sherlock's teeth sank into his neck, panting open-mouthed and spreading his legs wide, face planted firmly in the bedding as the Alpha growled and took the invitation, sinking in smoothly to the hilt. The Omega moaned, long and low, as his mate's thick erection pushed into him, welcoming the intrusion.
Sherlock's eyes darkened, his pulse quickening. He moved to grasp the Omega's hips, aiding the John's endeavor to press closer. Moaning lowly, the Alpha returned his mate's affection, accepting all that John offered. The feelings of dominance and pride that swelled and grew inside his heart this time were far more tempered, more loving. One hand slid down into the inviting heat between his Omega's legs. Sherlock growled. John was dripping, and the sensation of his fingers pressing against the Omega's soaked, ready entrance was the last indication he needed to move forward. Fierce love and desire flooded the bond as the Alpha sank his teeth deep into the bondmark, breaking the skin in one swift motion. He pressed his fingers up into John, panting, as their scents blossomed and deepened, moving them in slow circles to his mate's low moaning.
of your babies," he gasped, unable to hold on any longer and coming hard, clenching powerfully around Sherlock and sinking his teeth into his shoulder to stop himself screaming. "Everyone will see how potent you are," he breathed, panting as Sherlock kept fucking him. "They'll all be so jealous..."
Sherlock shuddered through another small orgasm of his own as he thought of John with his belly out, unable to find anything big enough to cover it. He growled low in his throat at John's words, nipping possessively at the shell of the Omega's ear as his partner came again. He rested his forehead against John's after the kiss, trying to guess based on the number of times John had moaned in pleasure. The Alpha hoped all the eggs John had dropped were attached now - he wanted to see every single possible combination of their genes John could give him, wanted each little ovum to be fertilized and become his child. "Ten...? Twelve...?" he breathed hopefully against the Omega's lips, "More..?"
without your help... Ohhhh, fuck, so good..." he moaned, bouncing a little faster, holding his heavy bump in both hands, cupping the swollen flesh, biting his lip seductively, allowing Sherlock to snap as many photos as he liked, spraying him with milk again before going back to caressing his swollen middle. "Can't wait until I get so big from your babies I can't even
John saw their smiles fading and sent another wave of love to his mate, knowing he'd be told the subject of their conversation when Sherlock was ready. He flicked his eyes over to Lestrade and Molly and suddenly realised they were holding hands. His mouth dropped open a little, watching them talking quietly to each other, both looking a little shy. He grinned to himself, thrilled, and cleared his throat loudly before addressing the room at large. "I think it's time we had a game," he said playfully. "Anyone for charades?"
John's breath hitched and his eyes darkened at the thought. "Yes... I'll do that for you as often as you want. I want to do it for you again in two and a half months when my milk comes in, so early because I'm carrying so many pups, and I'm so full of it that as I bounce on your cock it starts leaking out of me, soaking my breasts and my belly, so ripe I'll look full term with twins," he whispered hotly, pushing his chest against Sherlock's face to emphasise his point. "I'll display myself to you any time you want."
Sherlock hummed lowly, thumbing over John's erect nipples, "I tried not to let myself think about it, most of the time- it was too much to come back from, believing that I'd never have you, but- but I couldn't help myself, and when I did..." He let his hands come down to cup the fullness of John's belly, tracing over the taut skin with both lust and reverence, "I would imagine you at crime scenes, so big and heavy with my children that you could hardly walk, staggering about with your legs bowed, nearly ready to pop, clutching and rubbing the enormous belly I'd given to you while everyone watched." His breath was hot against John's neck as he thrust harder, "You wouldn't be wearing a bra - I wouldn't let you - your breasts constantly leaking, soaking the thin fabric of a shirt too small to even begin covering your enormous girth." The Alpha's eyelids fluttered at the fantasy and he panted heavily, feeling close to another climax, his knot swelling larger inside the Omega, "A-at home, in the flat, you'd just be sitting, possibly walking about, doing some mundane task and suddenly I'd picture you huge, enormous, touching and stroking your breasts, your gravidity, spreading your legs and begging me to come fuck you, to fill you up with more, moaning and pleading with me to breed you again, make you bigger, even more pregnant..."
On his shoulder, Arthur yawned and tucked his legs up, obviously intending to have the nap he'd been promised, and John chuckled softly. "Hand me the sling," he murmured fondly, carefully shifting as the Alpha helped him put on the carrier, which would hold the baby on John's chest, face to face. Arthur mewed sleepily in protest as he was moved, but settled with a happy sigh as he was wrapped in the carrier and promptly fell asleep, snoozing deeply against his mother.
The rest of the babies seemed sleepy too, so the family turned around and began to head back to their home. The park was a little busier as the local residents emerged to enjoy the last of the sunshine, which meant more people straying closer to the prams, and John couldn't help but breathe a little faster as he watched Sherlock snarl and bare his teeth at anyone who got too close, growling
he asked softly, knowing even as he said it that it wasn't an acceptable option.
"I'll give you as many babies as we can afford," John promised, knowing it was true even as the words left his mouth. "I'd love another huge litter, showing everyone how potent you are, but after these nobody will ever doubt you... if we have just one more each time we could have more pregnancies, spread out the ones we can afford over a few years... that way I'll be full of your babies even longer, I'll spend years swelling with and then birthing pup after pup for you," he groaned, relaxing pliantly to let his Alpha fuck his tight wet hole. "I'll beg you to knot me again, beg you to fill me with another baby, love the looks on everyone's faces when we keep telling them I'm pregnant again, seeing you so proud, rubbing my belly..."
His Omega instincts prodded him into cosying up to his Alpha and purring softly, covering himself in his mate's scent as he kissed and licked Sherlock's neck; he knew that his mate liked him like this, heavy and swollen, but to receive such a beautiful gift meant to highlight and display his shape still meant a great deal. He kissed a trail up to Sherlock's lips, his every attention showing how much he adored the gift.
. He suckled marks as he went, kissing with light hints of teeth, leaving a trail of purpling bruises on the skin below him. He slid his hands sensually up John's back and down, before they came to rest possessively on his mate's full hips.
John shuddered lustfully at the truth in Sherlock's words. "I'll be fully Omega almost constantly by the end... maybe a whole month, to help me cope with being bedbound... my enormous belly trapping me on the bed, I'll be so huge I'll need your help just to roll over... I'll need your attention all the time, rubbing my belly, smoothing lotion onto my stretched skin, milking me, fucking me to keep me satisfied..." he purred, reaching for the lotion they wisely kept under the bed and carefully rolling Sherlock onto his back so John was straddling him facing his feet. Oh-so-gently he shifted himself, twisting, manoeuvring his legs so that he turned to face Sherlock, knowing the movement and the slide would feel like heaven on the knot. Seeing his huge belly jutting out proudly over his mate's taut abdomen made him feel wonderfully sensual and he began rocking gently on the knot, pressing the lotion into his mate's hands. "I love displaying myself for you..." he moaned, massaging his own breasts as he rocked on Sherlock's still-hard cock. "I'd display myself for you any time you want... just wait until you see what I got for your Christmas present," he husked, licking his lips, smiling as Sherlock growled low in his throat and began to rub the lotion over his gravid belly. "I've got something for our wedding night too... but you can't see that yet... I'll be even bigger by then, look so ripe, ready to pop with triplets or even quads... mmmmmmm," he moaned luxuriously, squeezing his round breasts as they began to bounce when he rocked a little faster, the knot rubbing his insides perfectly, building his pleasure.
, needing you to fuck me and feed me and wash me... ooooh! Fuck, Sherlock, I love having your huge cock in me! Mmmm.... oh, love, that's it, a little faster now... ohhhhhh god, JUST like that!"
"P-please, oh,
"Mmm?" Sherlock hummed groggily, his brain slowly coming back online in stages, as someone turning on the lights in a darkened house one by one. He answered each of the small kisses with an affectionate one of his own, his hands roaming over his mate's belly as he languidly peppered his mates lips and neck with his attentions. "You think?" he asked at length, when the question finally registered over the haze of pleasure. "It is your decision as to what you wish to do with your body, and from here on out I will ensure that your requests are honoured." He knew he didn't have to explain to John that they could use birth control for his next few heats after the triplets, or for however long a period he wished. His Alpha twinged uncomfortably at the thought, however; wait too long, and John's body might no longer be able to bear children by the time he decided he wanted more, the last of his unfertilized eggs wasted. It was not uncommon for Omegas nearing middle age to go on birth control and be devastated to find themselves infertile the next time they tried for a child.
"Quite right," Oliver said approvingly, "although my own brother never saw it that way. He always felt the need to
Sherlock nuzzled him lazily. "You know how I was then," he murmured, "I tried not to. But it was difficult.. You kept slipping into my thoughts, intruding on my deductions - I'd suddenly see you ripe, fecund, nude... Swollen out with my pups and begging for me. I dreamt of you that night," he admitted, "and woke up with the first proper erection I'd had in years tenting the sheets." He pressed a kiss to the salty, damp skin of John's shoulder, "I knew then you were going to be trouble..."
"Ohhh, love... So good. Does it... Does it look really bad?" he asked nervously, not having looked in the mirror since Sherlock had forced him to swell, not wanting to see the ugly red marks he'd been hoping to avoid. He knew Sherlock loved him and would always find him attractive, but as a doctor he'd seen enough stretch marks to know how hideous they could look, red and angry, almost like veins or a web. "Please, be honest with me. How bad are the stretch marks?" he whispered as his Alpha smoothed more cool cream onto his skin, closing his eyes to savour the feeling of being knotted and rubbed with lotion, lavished with attention by his mate. He was now extremely apprehensive about how big he'd get, knowing that in all likelihood further stretch marks could only be held at bay by the lotion until he hit his biggest growth spurts in six or seven months. He wanted to feel the pups move so badly, but also wanted to look in the mirror and see a belly that was more skin than stretch mark and not the other way around.
make her grow enormous with a mixed litter of pups for our pack... In the end, we purchased an Omega from this club and bred him together.
even think that. You've got nothing to be sorry for, my darling boy, it was that awful man that made you feel that way. Look at you now, hmm? You've got thirteen beautiful babies, a happy mate, and three more pups on the way. You couldn't have any of that if you weren't worthy of it, could you darling?" She pressed another soft kiss to Sherlock's curls. "I have never been disappointed in you," she murmured honestly, "I've only ever loved you and hoped you'd be happy. I'm sorry I couldn't do more to protect you. You never deserved the way
blanket, and the Alpha had provided him with exactly what he'd desired. He tugged the throw a little tighter around his mate's shoulders with a smile, chuckling as John snuggled further into its softness, feeling a small surge of confidence returning. If John enjoyed this, he'd certainly enjoy his next gift - wouldn't he? He gave John's hands a gentle squeeze, and went to fetch the next present. This gift was a bit heftier and larger, and he set it next to John after laying it at his Omega's feet. Several large jumpers lay folded neatly inside - exact replicas of John's favourite jumper in increasing sizes, made specially to have a bit of stretch and give as the Omega grew larger. There was no way he would have been able to find
John mewled with pleasure and lay back against the starchy cotton sheets, his mate's wet tongue swirling marvellously over his head. He arched and gripped the bedclothes, on edge already from the pleasure he'd given his mate, the beginnings of orgasm beginning to fizz and pulse through him like electricity. He dropped completely into Omega, having swallowed his Alpha's seed, now desperate to please him in other ways. "Ahhh... Feels good... My Alpha... Hnnn!" he cried breathily, running his hands across his semen-sticky skin, feeling it dry and cool on him. "So heavy with your babies," he purred as he ran his hands over his bump. "Going to get so huge... Ohhh... I love how pregnant you've made me, oh fuck!" he screamed as Sherlock hummed in agreement and the vibrations pushed him over the edge. He cried out a warning and came, pulsing so hard he lost his breath for a moment, panting as he recovered, lying there looking dazed, too Omega to do anything intelligent without it first being suggested by his Alpha. He mewled contentedly and resumed stroking his belly lovingly, crooning to the pups about how strong their daddy was, how protective and possessive an Alpha he was, how lucky they were that he had fathered them.
His father had offered him what was believed to be the ultimate insult to any Alpha. But the younger man did not so much as flinch. He stepped forward. "There would be no shame in that."
John crooned in agreement and gently shifted Sherlock's hand off his belly, replacing it with the scanner and showing his mate their babies again. By the time he could no longer hide the bump, they'd be able to make out heads and arms and legs, he thought to himself. Only another month, and then they could announce to everyone that he was carrying them and shock them with how many. He let Sherlock gaze at their babies for another quarter of an hour before putting the scanner away, kissing his mate softly on the cheek, dipping in for a sweet kiss on the lips and pressing his forehead to Sherlock’s.
John melted into Sherlock's arms, accepting his sweet kisses in a daze. He whined in pleasure when Sherlock sucked more milk out of him, revelling in the feeling of his mate's hands smoothing over his taut skin. His legs felt like water and he was glad Sherlock was holding him up. It took a few seconds for his mate's words to register and he blinked stupidly a few times before answering. "Round. Skin... tight. Lotion. Need lotion," he managed to say, swaying a little, exhausted from the sudden growth spurt. "Need bed. Cock. Now. Bed, lotion, cock. Please." He pushed his swollen belly into Sherlock's hands, rubbing himself up against the Alpha, his brain only functioning at the most basic level, wholly lost to his Omega. "Need my Alpha," he breathed, lapping submissively at Sherlock's scent gland, the action causing thicker beads of milk to form on his nipples. "Pups want attention from their daddy."
stereotype, and he felt too lazy to feed himself.
Sherlock whined happily, relaxing against his mate's belly and cupping the swell with one hand. He took the left nipple into his mouth first, humming at the firmness of the mound beneath his lips, and began to suckle gently, mewling occasionally to encourage his Omega to let down more milk. The creamy liquid filled his mouth with each pull, washing warm and sweet across his tongue, his stomach filling a little more with each swallow. He rubbed John's gravid middle as he nursed, stroking the taut skin under the fabric of the shirt, feeling the heat radiating from his mate's body. He nuzzled the first breast gently when he had finished with it, placing a kiss to the tender nipple before turning to the opposite mound.
As soon as his Alpha commanded him John came, untouched, spurting a small amount of thin semen across his belly, screaming Sherlock's name as he did so, clenching hard, arching his spine and curling his toes as his orgasm shook his whole body. "Ohhhhh.... fuck, Sherlock... yes, love being full of your babies, love having your huge cock in me, fuck, can't wait to grow and swell for you, show off my huge swollen belly carrying your litter..." he chanted, nuzzling his mate's neck, blushing scarlet at the idea of Lestrade seeing him so swollen he nearly filled the bed and doing nothing but writhe around in a contented Omega haze, eating and growing larger to feed the babies and spreading his legs for Sherlock's cock. "Everyone will know how strong you are, what a big cock you must have, what a huge knot to keep enough come in me to fertilise thirteen eggs," he purred. "They'll all seethe with envy that you filled your Omega with thirteen babies... but you want to fill me with more, don't you? How many more babies after these do you want to fill me with, my Alpha?" he breathed hotly into his ear, riding out the aftershocks of his orgasm, his warm, slick channel still milking Sherlock.
, he crooned fondly, accepting the mince pie,
John beamed at his mate, writhing in glee at the pride and approval coursing through the bond. He gazed at their son, scenting him gently with his nose, mewling at Sherlock until he shifted the pup to John's breast. The baby stopped crying as he neared John's nipple, the mothering scent calming him, and he opened his tiny mouth to latch on, almost kneading John's breast with his tiny fists. When he felt the baby suckle, the Omega gazed up at his mate again, eyes shining. Look what you gave me, he pushed through the bond. Look what we made. It was like nothing he'd ever experienced, having a tiny person, a combination of him and Sherlock, nurturing their baby.
At Mycroft's insistence that they needed to "talk," Sherlock moved reluctantly to the sitting room. John felt a little bereft as the two Alphas retreated to the sitting room, strolling through after a minute to find Mycroft in his armchair, going straight to Sherlock and climbing into his lap, purring quietly and pushing his belly into his mate's eager hands, demanding attention; there had been nothing besides hard stares exchanged between the two siblings before Sherlock found himself with a lap full of Omega. John's scent calmed his nerves at whatever his brother was going to say to him; he placed both hands on his belly and began rubbing the mound lovingly, nosing at his mate's pert breasts, John's Omega pulling out the nurturing Alpha in him. He pulled his mate closer with a hand to centre of his upper back, continuing to stroke his gravidity with the other, and rested his chin on John's shoulder so that he could look at Mycroft. "Whatever this is about, I won't have you upsetting my Omega, brother," he pre-empted, pressing his lips to his mate's warm skin in reassurance, "John has been through enough today."
Sherlock continued to rock them, feeling a knot begin to swell at the base of his huge member in response to John's scent markers. He hummed deeply, trying to recall the hazy memories of the heat. "You were begging for it barely a half hour after birthing," he murmured, "Mewling and spreading your legs wide like a whore, your hole already slick and dripping just for me. I put the pups in their cots. It was difficult, but I managed to roll on the condom to enter you. You didn't like that - you tried everything you could, pushed out every marker that pleaded "
Pulling back, he kissed his mate tenderly on the lips and nuzzled the baby cradled against Sherlock's chest before gripping the handles of the pram containing their six daughters. "I can do this," he muttered, mostly to himself, and nodded briskly at his Alpha, waiting for him to lead the way.
The rest of the pups were perfectly happy in their baths; Blake had managed to flop onto his side and was busily attempting to chew the waterproof headrest, and John giggled as he gently sat the pup upright again. Iris and Adam were kicking their legs at each other and babbling animatedly, looking for all the world as if they were gushing over the merits of bathtime, and Felix was watching Alistair in the shower with great interest.
"Shhh," John chided gently, nodding to the pile of sleeping babies on top of their insensate father. "Listen, Miles is purring..." Sure enough, the baby let out another, louder purr, kitten-like in its simple contentment, and Lestrade couldn't help but melt at the sight. A soft smile spread over his face as he watched the pups shift in their sleep, John keeping the camera running to catch every adorable moment. Benedict, tucked into the crook of his father's neck, hummed happily just as Miles had done, and blew a small raspberry as he tried to copy his brother; he dribbled copiously and eventually retracted his tongue, managing a short lazy purr.
to his mate, as if they would never again be capable of being two completely separate beings. Purring quietly he leaned forward to lap Sherlock's jaw. "More cake, please?"
Mycroft looked on at his glazed eyes, John caressing his own belly, and averted his eyes, feeling that he was interrupting something private. He knew that his scent would be on John after this car journey, and Sherlock would despise that, but he did his best to concentrate on his connection to the pups; his nieces and nephews. Protect the family.
Giggling, John reached a hand out to pet Miles' dark hair. "Hello sweetheart... Who shall we send back to Daddy, hmm?" He cast an appraising eye over the pile of babies left to him. "Viola," he decided eventually, "Viola Sibyl..." The pup babbled on hearing her name in her mother's sing-song lilt and gnawed her fist. "Go see Daddy," John coaxed, "Go on love..."
He grinned as the pups on his lap kicked vigorously and giggled, overjoyed at the contact with their father.
! Oh, god, Sherlock, Sherlock... Yes, Sherlock,
"Ugh... God, they feel huge," John breathed, trying to get comfortable. "Bigger than the last lot, I reckon. You've been feeding me up so much I bet they're all big, chubby, healthy pups. You knocked me up properly, didn't you? Got me nice and full. Ohhhhhhhhh... Christ,
Sherlock nodded without a word, closing his eyes. He could feel John's love, and sighed, cozying up under the blanket of their children. He didn't wholly believe John, but couldn't argue against him, either. So he obediently allowed himself to rest again. The promise of nursing was a nice one, and even if he didn't wholly deserve it, he was looking forward to it.
the Alpha replied firmly,
Molly and Lestrade break up
Unable to resist touching his mate's perfect alabaster skin, John ran his hands down Sherlock's back, squeezing two handfuls of plump arse before wrapping himself fully around his mate, legs encircling Sherlock's waist, arms around his shoulders. Love, adoration, joy, peace, contentment flowed strongly through the bond. He rolled his hips, helping the Alpha find friction on his slicked belly, and bit softly at Sherlock's throat, leaving a small mark.
John returned demurely, shuddering deeply as his mate's power and dominance washed over him. The bite grounded him, made him feel secure in his Alpha's approval, and he threaded a hand into Sherlock's curls to keep him in place, calming by the second, his turbulent emotions settling further. He spread his thighs a little wider, keening, his obedience releasing a flood of reward hormones and making his head swim. He
"Go see your Mummy," the Alpha smiled, giving his son a kiss on the nose before setting him down. Flinging his arms around his father's knee, Alistair did not go. "Come on baby," Sherlock encouraged, gently removing him and setting him towards John with a gentle pat on the bum, "Mummy misses you too. Won't you go see him?"
, he cooed,
"Shh...,"Sherlock soothed, hearing the discomfort in John's whine, "it was just a fantasy. You should know that I wouldn't do such things without your full consent- and I will never let you or our pups be cold."  He hummed contently when John's hands closed over his on the swell, "I'll get you something to eat soon enough, it won't be long at all before my knot goes down, now that you are well and content." He lay with his Omega a while longer, feeling the knot slowly deflating to a more manageable size.  Come was beginning to leak out of the Omega's hole already, Sherlock's smaller size unable to hold the flood in. "Ready?" He asked when he felt he was at a proper size to pull out. He slowly left John with a groan, the action sending semen immediately gushing all over the sheets, flowing out of the Omega's hole in one thick, splashing stream. The Alpha in him growled, immediately running his hands under the flow, getting his palms and fingers dripping with the with the sticky, white liquid before pressing them roughly to John's belly and breasts, and beginning to rub them in hard circles over the sensitive flesh, working in his claim.
Sherlock hushed his mate, rubbing heavily against John, making his Omega feel his size and enveloping him in his scent. A claiming like this would leave strong scent markers behind that would tag John as undoubtedly his, and would remain strong for the rest of the evening.
The sound of the doorbell ringing made the Alpha pause and frown. Huffing lightly, he glanced at the clock on his phone - apparently he'd been petting his Omega for longer than he thought. Sherlock pressed a gentle kiss to John's cheek as he climbed out of bed, tugging on his robe to be presentable when he answered the door. He very much would have appreciated the Omegas still being around the house at that moment.
for the Alpha, and it nagged at him until he grabbed his mate's wrists again and slammed them back against the headboard on above the Omega's head on both sides, pinning John against the soft velvet. With more control, John writhing and helpless beneath him, the Omega's breasts jiggling and bouncing with each thrust, he could feel his release building quickly. Snapping his hips forward hard enough to make John howl, he came with force, his swollen cock pulsing and spilling deep into his mate.
Sherlock curled against his mate like a small child seeking reassurance, his hands not touching John's belly or breasts - he didn't feel as if he had the right - but gripping the fabric of the Omega's jacket and jumper loosely. He whimpered and nodded as his mate spoke, pliantly allowing John to lap soothingly over his skin, the primal behaviour comforting; John was right - had Sherlock known his mate was truly hurting, had the Omega asked him to stop, he would have complied immediately. He'd just wanted to tease, yes, have John beg - but never hurt. Never make his Omega feel bad. His Omega's happiness came first. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I never meant to hurt you," he murmured almost inaudibly, "Had you said the word, I would have stopped. I would have." He swallowed hard. "Maybe you need safewords, for me," he said tightly, "Yellow if- if you want to slow down and discuss something first. Red if you wish me to stop completely." He whimpered again apologetically, unsure. His fingers dropped down to John's fly, pulling at the material questioningly, the Alpha needing the reassurance of being buried in his Omega.
, frantic with want for his mate's knot. He mewled loudly as he felt a second egg drop, his scent blooming and growing sweeter.
, he sent happily,
The Omega shifted uncomfortably. Something didn't feel right. There was a barrier between him and his mate, and his instinct hated it. His body pushed out more
and he wanted the horrid clawing feeling in his chest to go away. He simply didn't know how. He had never been taught how to make a sincere apology.
," he gasped and groaned, rocking faster with him, overjoyed to be so full of him, knowing he'd soon give the man six daughters and seven sons and eagerly take the next litter his Alpha wanted to fuck into him. Happy tears began to spill down his cheeks as his litany of
he sent back softly, and turned the toy up to its second, then third setting. Just for another minute or so, he reasoned; enough to drive John wild, but not enough to require too much recovery time afterwards. John could really come at any time he liked, but Sherlock was trying to push him as far as he could manage, to achieve a perfect show like this.
. The same reassurances were present in the Alpha's tone and actions.
Sherlock sighed at John's embarrassment, nuzzling him back gently and kissing his temple, "Be calm, my Omega," he said softly, reverting to the old language to reassure his mate, "I understand we have a lot to learn yet. Rest assured that I will never hold you to anything I say in the heat of sex that seems unrealistic, impractical, or uncomfortable to you. You're right, I do say a mix of truth and fantasy - perhaps it is best that we clarify afterwards, if you or I are serious about the things we've said while we were coupling."
"Perhaps in bed," Sherlock replied, helping his mate get to his feet, one hand on John's taut, overfull belly, "I want you to be as comfortable as possible, and you'll likely be experiencing more pressure on your back - lying on something soft will help." At the same time, he could feel his Alpha side demanding that it was done as soon as possible, eager to watch his mate grow before his eyes, under the force of his command, "However," he continued, his voice dangerously lower, "I could simply ask you to do so right here.... take you to bed afterwards, get you comfortable..." The idea was becoming more and more appealing, "You wouldn't want to be on your back anyway, have our children growing on top of you and pushing down on your spine... you could adjust best to the changes right here, standing... yes..." Something flashed bright in his eyes, his pure Alpha coming forward, the decision made, "I command you to swell for me, my Omega: I command our pups to grow and your breasts to fill as much as your body will let them -
, John hummed happily, nuzzling Sherlock's forehead.
"Feel free," John invited the servant breathlessly, biting back a smirk when the other man instantly began groping him with his free hand, spraying milk all over both of them.
"Mummy," Sherlock began again gently, kneeling in front of her cupping her cheek, "My mother. You never knew it could be like this."
The Times, 14th July, 2013
He pulled back, and with the next thrust, let his hardened member breach John's entrance and enter him as he rocked. Praises fell from his lips and filtered through the bond, coupled with frantic neediness and incredible pleasure as he took his Omega, John's belly pressing hard against him.
"Oh, love, there would never have been another Alpha. Not for me. I... There was an offer. Once. A nurse at the surgery. Alpha, pretty enough... we used to chat during our breaks. She asked me out for dinner a few times, but - I felt nothing. Not even the slightest spark. I was too in love with you, even though I knew you were dead and weren't coming back... When my heats came back she asked again, but I just... I didn't want to. Knowing what I'd felt for you... what I still felt for you... nothing could ever have come close." He purred, quietly. "You know I'd never been with an Alpha before you, but... had you ever been with an Omega? At uni maybe?" He gazed at his mate, curious, no trace of jealousy or distress in his scent. He was too secure for that, there was no need for jealousy over past partners. "I just thought... you know... gorgeous Alpha like you, you wouldn't have been short of offers... plenty of pretty, intelligent Omegas at university you could have seen through their heat."
. In her father's arms Eleanor mewed softly, burrowing more strongly into the Alpha's warmth.
he breathed, as John's huge belly splashed back into the water, the Omega deepening his squat for a moment as he came down on the toy.
Sherlock beamed. "You're welcome," he purred, not luxuriating in the sensations below his waist, but in the pleasure he'd brought to his mate. He kissed John tenderly as he rubbed his mate's back, loving the feeling of the Omega pressed up against him, of John's weight blanketing him warmly. He'd put as much of his heart and thought as he could give into their lovemaking, at the cost of much of his own pleasure; now, if he ignored the placement of his cock, he could bask in the afterglow. He wasn't sure he wanted to know, but he had to ask, "So, have I made good on my promise?" If not, he'd try harder next time, do his research, catalogue more data about John's preferences, move any discomfort to a lower vault in his mind palace...
"Two eggs," Sherlock breathed, guiding John to place his mouth on his balls, "An impressive start. Though you managed more than that in less time, the first time we bred." He moved his leg in circles to rub more against the low globe of John's middle, the action making him swell with pride. He had done this to his mate. He had given him thirteen at once too, making him swell so large he couldn't leave their nest for months. Secure in his own prowess, his mind wandered to consider his mate breeding a mixed litter, what it might be like if his own pack took his mate one by one... John dropping eggs for Mycroft, Greg...  becoming a broodmare for the family... "N-nnnghh...," he moaned lowly, biting his lip as his hips shook with the effort of holding back release.
"Daddy," Alistair started, huffing and licking his lips as he tried to put his thoughts into words. He was never very good at speaking when excited. "Ah, um, Daddy-" He huffed again, resting his chin in his hands. "Daddy- ah- I- Are we- are we gonna sleep here? Uncle Gweg says we are sleeping here at the hopsital and ah- um- and that it's gonna help you get better," he concluded with a serious nod.
His eyes flickered earnestly to his mate's. John couldn't possibly think that Sherlock was only interested in him when he was bigger. Then his gaze travelled to the small bump between them. John was ready, and so was he. He brought their lips together.
Squeezing Sherlock's hand reassuringly Mycroft allowed himself to relax further, half-slumped against John's side as he drank, gazing at his little brother's peaceful expression. They suckled in tandem, their hands clasped over John's belly, as John held them close and crooned softly, and for Mycroft it felt
Soon the Alpha was pounding his mate hard, grunting with each thrust, his own strong hands keeping the Omega's wrists pinned helplessly to the mattress above John's head.
John beamed at Sherlock's endearing enthusiasm. "The sooner the better, love. I'll even let you ask, if you like, since you've known her longest. But we should work out exactly what we're proposing first," he said gently, stroking his Alpha's cheek. "Cleaning and putting away the shopping... We won't need her full time until just before the birth, but after that, really it would be best if she lived with us, or at least nearer. Could we convert the attics into a granny flat? So she'd have her own bedroom, ensuite, a little sitting room and kitchenette? Or ask Mycroft to find somewhere nearby for her maybe. And we'd need to discuss wages... I'll leave that to you," he purred deferentially. "Nana Hudson sounds
Sherlock began to relax some as he felt his mate's love wash over him, still keeping up his mental calibrations - angling his hips up to penetrate deeper, touching John's breasts, sensually teasing the dusky, pert nipples, pressing kisses with a hint of teeth to the Omega's jaw. He sent back understanding, his own discomfort, hurt, and hesitance buried.
Sherlock purred loudly as he observed his enormous family. The pups appeared no less a rainbow than usual in their sweaters, each with a different Christmas-themed picture knit on the front. "So much for the Grinch," Sherlock commented as the credits began to roll. He turned off the television with the remote, then pressed the button to turn on the stereo, soft Christmas music filling the room once more. "Maybe they'll appreciate it when they're older." Sherlock planned to build a sizable collection of holiday films he'd not been allowed to watch as a child; even if this movie never caught there attention, the Alpha mused, there would be dozens of others to choose from. He placed a loving kiss to Benedict's auburn curls, and let out a contented sigh. This was what Christmas was supposed to be, and it was perfect.
Sherlock smiled warmly, quietly accepting his mate's affections, purring low in his throat. He continued to pet John's hair gently. The Alpha had planned on getting another round or two out of his collared mate, but John was clearly in no fit state to go again for a while. Sherlock sighed fondly, placing a gentle kiss to his Omega's forehead. He could always order John for more, he knew, but having an exhausted mate on his hands and knees would feel more disappointing and cruel than satisfying, and so he rubbed his Omega's side instead, fingers sliding over the soft flesh and along the side of the bump.
he managed to push through the bond, quickly panting and keening loudly, positively wailing with a heady mix of pleasure and discomfort; Sherlock's cock inside him felt incredible, but after so long without sex, being fucked roughly twice in such a short space of time was going to hurt a little. Mindless, focussed only on being a good pet, John clutched the sheets and groaned in bliss, tears beginning to roll down his cheeks from how much he needed it. "Ah - ah -
Remington's satchel; https://www.cambridgesatchel.com/buy/the-classic/vintage/15-inch/
"Oh, love, come here," John murmured solicitously, reaching out to cradle his Alpha against his breast, close enough that he could latch on for the comfort of nursing if he wanted to. "You're not a murderer. You killed him, yes, but you didn't set out and hunt him down and murder him in cold blood. He invaded our home, invaded our nest, tried to steal our pups from me and would have killed me. You know yourself that the law is completely on your side in cases like that, defending your mate and home from such a threat - and if the law doesn't call it murder, I see no reason for you to call it murder either. He made it impossible for you to do anything else, love. If you'd let him live, he'd have kept coming back until he got what he wanted - it was him or me." He stroked his Alpha's curls, pushing out loving and soothing scent markers. "You did your duty as my Alpha, protecting me, protecting our family. I refuse to be anything but proud of you for what you did."
Refreshed, John tried to get up to continue shopping, planning to keep an eye out for a last few small items for his mate; he'd found something he thought Sherlock would love but wanted to get him one or two little presents as well. But he struggled in vain to get to his feet; the armchair was low and squashy and he couldn't heave his massive bulk up out of it without wobbling dangerously. "A little help?" he mewled submissively, reaching his hands out in a plea to his mate. "I can't do it, Sherlock. I can't stand up on my own... I'm too big." He bit his lip and blushed; there had been moments before when he nearly hadn't made it, but this was the first time he'd truly been unable to move because of his enormous pregnant belly.
he gasped, feigning nervousness, wanting the fantasy to be everything Sherlock had dreamed of.
While the babies cooed and drooled on their new teddies the adults exchanged the next round of gifts and soon there were only two presents left under the tree that weren't for the babies; Sherlock's present from his mother and the pack's second gift to Mycroft, which would be joined by the small package hidden under the sofa.
Sherlock was looking proudly over the pups cuddled around his own legs as a few squirmed, instinctively trying to rub more of the father's scent on themselves. The room was filled with the sounds of soft cooing and gurgling, and the light breathing of newborn pups. The lights outside the tent of blankets suffused the nest with a gentle, warm glow; soon enough it would be dark and filled with silvery moonlight once more as the family stole a few precious hours of rest before the entire cycle began again. "A year ago, if someone had told you you would have this, would you have believed them?" the Alpha murmured thoughtfully.
he murmured through the bond,
The Alpha lifted the dark-haired Omega off the floor with a snarl, baring teeth as he held the grinning Moriarty mere inches from his face. "If John had not given me his express permission to kill you, I swear I would be at his side," Sherlock hissed, pressing the gun to the other man's heart, "I would allow another to take the burden - allow myself to suffer with the thought that you had not died at my hands - if John requested it." He dragged the man to the door, making sure to speak loud enough that John heard everything. "I will not even give you the satisfaction of an interesting death. I'm going to remove your filth from my nest, from my household. Once we are outside, I'll begin with what you've promised my mate, but it won't be long before I simply snap your neck. Do you understand? You will be taken out back and killed like a common animal - quickly, without creativity or ceremony. I have my wife to hurry back to, you see. My brother will find a suitable dump to dispose of your corpse."
The Omega sensed his unease and pressed closer, purring loudly, lapping at his mate's scent gland. "Thank you for protecting me. Thank you for protecting our family. You have
," he tried again, and Sherlock's eyes flickered to the needle, "You can't take care of your Omega when you've been subdued."
" It felt
Persephone moaned delicately, her milk coming easily at the touch. Warm, creamy liquid flowed over Mycroft's fingertips and trickled down the Omega's heaving breasts. "Hands," she replied in a low murmur, reaching out to cup Mycroft's cheek, "Though you're filling out nicely from all my milk, darling. It's very tempting to let you drink from me again." Her eyes twinkled as she looked at Mycroft. The very next moment, her focus vanished as her back gave a hard twinge of protest, sending a shiver though her heavy form. The Omega gave a moan of pain and alarm as her muscles tightened, her hand dropping to her large middle as it spasmed and contracted visibly. Her passage clenched around her mate's hard member, and as she gave another crying moan her waters released all at once, gushing around Mycroft's cock and soaking the sheets beneath them.
John purred, eagerly accepting more berries, pressing one of his hands on top of Sherlock's on his bump. He lapped the red juice from his Alpha's fingers, purring louder as he was fed more and more, moaning at the slowly swelling knot, whimpering as his mate's huge cock rubbed over his prostate. The closer he got to orgasm the closer he pressed to his mate, needing the reassurance and comfort to assuage his earlier doubts and distress. If he'd been capable of speech, he'd have begged his Alpha for assurances, forgiveness, vows that his earlier embarrassment was forgotten, but he was too far into his Omega even to try. Instead he whined, pressed against his mate, nuzzled, lapped at his jaw, eyes wide, desperate and seeking. He accepted more strawberries, clenching around his mate, beginning to pant with want as his belly started to swell from the amount of food he'd eaten. The bowl was nearly finished as he began clenching needily around his Alpha's cock, whimpering, begging wordlessly for his knot as he returned to licking submissively at his mate's jaw.
(See the end of the chapter for
he breathed,
Sherlock smirked, dipping his head to return kisses of his own. "I wasn't paying all that much attention, unfortunately. My gorgeous mate was rather more captivating." He kissed away the resulting look of disappointment on his John's face, "That being said," he murmured, "Seven minutes. Only because you were so pleasantly distracting." He savoured the look of unadulterated pride and adoration on his mate's face for a moment before pressing his lips to John's ear, "Don't you want to know..?" he murmured, his grin widening as he whispered the deduction lowly into his Omega's ear.
Sherlock was grateful for the interruption of Mrs. Hudson, suddenly feeling a little lost in the absence of John's usual social guidance and graces. First formalities exchanged, he had little idea of where to lead a "normal" conversation next. But this was
The Alpha's hand pressed against his back reassured John, although he still walked a little closer to Sherlock than normal; being outside again after so long felt a little overwhelming. Catherine and Remington followed eagerly, wrapped up warm and thrilled to be included in the family outing. Within a few minutes they had reached the park, and John instinctively pushed closer to his mate as the scents of the others in the area began to reach him. It was mostly Omegas with small litters of two or three in prams and the occasional Alpha playing football with his offspring. The complex prams and sheer size of the litter drew a lot of attentions at first, but it made John uneasy, and he whined nervously when he noticed a young blonde Alpha walking on the path, heading in their direction.
By the time John finished, the knot had deflated, and Sherlock pulled out, sending fluids gushing out of the Omega's hole. He gathered John up and set to caring for him meticulously. After a warm bath full of sweet caresses and praise, they returned to a bed with clean sheets, the Omega warm and dry and in his favourite pyjamas. Sherlock had suckled him for relief, but his breasts were still overfull; as if on cue, the pups began to wail hungrily downstairs. "Come back to me, my beautiful Omega," Sherlock purred, "Come back, John."
he groaned, beginning to fuck the Omega's mouth in earnest. Subspace was the crowning jewel of Omega submission, and by far the most difficult to achieve. An Omega could not enter such a state by fear or force; trust and adoration were key.
, John shivered pleasantly, rolling his hips with a little more enthusiasm, sliding Sherlock's thick cock deeper between his cheeks.
look at his mate in reply to his Omega's motion. But he couldn't disappoint John, and so he schooled his features into the most gracious expression he could manage and raised his glass. "To family," he managed, "and friendship. Speaking for both John and myself, I believe, it is a pleasure to have you all in our home, sharing with us our first Christmas together as a bonded pair." The Alpha felt himself floundering; more sentiment was probably expected, but Sherlock did not
Victor smiled and accepted the food while Oliver poured a fresh cup for his mate. "Your pack Alpha must have his hands quite full," the blond Alpha thought out loud, grinning a little. "Do any others in your pack have pups?"
The Alpha couldn't see his mate's face over the gigantic mounds of John's breasts, but he could feel the burning need through their connection, and read it on his Omega's body. He frowned slightly where his lips were just meeting the nub of John's navel, as he felt hints of worry tinge his mate's desperation.
The colour drained from Sherlock's face as he looked at his Omega. A corner of his mouth twitched downward dangerously. "Have I really embarrassed you that much, John?" he asked, his tone even and quiet but laced with an edge of frost. The Alpha abruptly pushed his chair back and stood, not waiting for a response as he left the sweetheart table. He obediently strode over towards his mother. Beatrice Holmes immediately dropped her gaze from her son, unwilling to look the Alpha in the eye as he bent down next to her. Mycroft eyed his brother with concern, but said nothing of it.
Sherlock pressed back against John and hummed, burying his face in John's shoulder as he rubbed his mate's belly. He teased at one of John's leaking nipples with his thumb until it was hard under his touch, before milking it with his fingers. The Omega had been steadily nursing their pups, but he was full again already, the space between the births enough to allow his breasts to continue to swell with milk. Sherlock stopped when he'd drained just enough to give his mate a little relief; he didn't want to spill too much of the precious milk that would nourish their children. His free hand attempted to travel out to the furthest curve of John's belly, but found it was still beyond his reach. He settled for rubbing over John's navel, which had been pushed low on the massive swell as John expanded outward. The Alpha worked the small erogenous zone carefully as he suckled at John's scent gland and played with John's breasts, relishing the sounds he drew from his Omega and increasing his attentions all the more for them.
Sherlock hummed, obligingly lying down close to his mate and their offspring. The sight of his family didn't stir arousal, but nonetheless his erection wouldn't fade until everything was over and he'd seen John through the microheat; it was a show of his Alpha prowess, a display of his claim and protection over his labouring Omega and their pups. He gently kissed each of the pups on the head before sharing in scenting them, purring lowly as he nosed each of their tiny forms. Each child settled as he sniffed them, recognizing his scent and relaxing just like they had in John's womb when they'd sensed his presence. Adam squirmed contentedly when Sherlock's nose touched his cheek and the Alpha gave a breathy, elated chuckle. These were
," she gasped, heaving, panting. An animal noise of desire escaped from her throat. Her own hands roamed sensually over her gravid middle, displaying it to her mate, showing what he had made her, encouraging him.
"Sherlock can't stand anyone's scent on me but his own. When he finds out you touched me, he
"Mmmm... You can feel it, can't you? My womb is inflamed, beginning to thicken and swell, ready to carry your babies..." he mewled. "I think I was wrong... I'll start to show in two weeks, not three... Ohhh, that's perfect, you feel so good in me Sherlock, so hard... Fuck," he panted, close to coming already knowing the father of his children was taking him again.
. The words tumbled out in a rush, the Alpha finally communicating in his desperation to soothe his hurt mate,
John came so hard his vision went white and for a moment he couldn't breathe, his Alpha's praise and touch sending him spiralling into bliss. His whole body shook as he pulsed through his orgasm, breathy little cries punctuating each tremble, his walls contracting rhythmically around Sherlock's enormous cock as he stroked and cupped his gravid belly. He could feel Sherlock's seed filling him completely, trapped by the knot and unable to gain entrance to his womb; when Sherlock's knot finally deflated it would be an epic mess. John would be glad of the plastic mattress protector when he came back to himself. When his orgasm finally subsided John purred at Sherlock's hands on him, skimming his fingers lightly over the back of his mate's. "May I serve you any other way, Sir?" the Omega purred, wholly submissive to his mate, wanting more praise, wanting to be called a good Omega again.
"Please,
Sherlock grinned delightedly. He nuzzled his brother's neck in return, placing a small, affectionate kiss on the lightly freckled skin. While the gold certainly showed the family held a deep regard for the Alpha, the gifts were traditional wear for a pack leader; armbands had been worn by pack leaders for thousands of years to distinguish their position and the size of their pack. Wrist cuffs were a slightly later development, designed to be visible even when the armband was hidden beneath clothing. With careful deference, Sherlock lifted the armband from the box first as he stroked the supple area of Mycroft's upper arm while it would be placed. "Please, brother - will you let your pack fasten them for you?"
The registrar looked sympathetically at the pale Alpha, fidgeting and shifting from foot to foot as he waited. Lestrade leaned in and whispered something intended to be comforting in his ear and was met with a withering glare, so gave up and clasped his hands with a sigh, flicking his eyes to the door before scanning the assembled guests. Molly was seated next to Mrs Hudson, chattering excitedly; Mycroft was next to his and Sherlock's mother, the woman still pale and meek but managing to keep her eyes off the floor, a beautiful necklace of diamonds and sapphires in place of the collar she was used to.
"I promise I'll let
"Christ," Sherlock murmured as he caught sight of the clock; the Alpha was no stranger to being awake at such an early hour, but being woken from a sound sleep made it rather less desirable. He roused himself from the bed, retrieving first Blake and then Iris, who had begun to squall as well. The father hushed his children gently. "There, there, be a little patient - your Grannys and Auntie and cousin are on their way, just give them a moment," he soothed. It was just a few minutes before the pack began filing into the nest, warm bottles in hand, by which time five more babies were crying. Mrs Hudson took Miles while Beatrice nursed both Lucy and Alistair, and Remington managed happily with Benedict. Catherine fed an eager Viola. The middle-aged Omega was quietly awed each time she fed one of the pups; after Remington's birth, she knew she would never be allowed another of her own. Siger kept her well out of sight, and so she was never allowed to see anyone else's pups, either, on the rare occasions Siger hosted business associates who brought along their (always Alpha) children.
Sherlock kept his arm around John's shoulders when the Omega moved to get up. "Stay," he murmured gently, reaching across the table and pulling John's plate over. Taking a fork in his hand, he gently cut a small bite of John's dessert and lifted it to his mate's mouth. He purred in contentment when the Omega ate the offered treat obediently, and continued to feed him, gently nuzzling the side of his face in approval for each bite he took.
"Come," said Sherlock gently, helping to heave his mate from the chair. With a small amount of huffing and grunting on both their parts, he guided John onto his lap, the Omega resting with his head tucked cozily against the Alpha's neck, John's heavy body draped across the Alpha's thighs and pressing against Sherlock's torso. The Alpha wrapped his arms warmly around his mate, gathering him close and secure, closing his eyes as he buried his nose in John's hair and inhaled the gravid scent of his wife. "I love you," he murmured tightly, pushing as much of the feeling through their bond as he could manage, letting John know he was forgiven.
, spurting up onto his chest, a sweeter wave of slick gushing from him and tasting of bliss. He shuddered as the aftershocks coursed through him, feeling the ghost of his mate's open-mouthed kisses down his throat and breasts and belly, utterly satisfied.
Molly listened to the speech quietly, at first averting her gaze deferentially from the Alpha who had been so courteous to her throughout the dinner. As Mycroft fumbled slightly, however, she dared to peek up at the man. "Do you-," she began hesitantly, her brow delicately furrowed in confusion. She anxiously hoped she wasn't misinterpreting his intentions. Despite his praise, she still found him quite imposing. What would someone as posh and powerful like him want to do with her? "Are you... maybe... I mean, not assuming anything, but are you... suggesting we be.... friends?"
going to wriggle and fuss like a small child because he'd been separated from his Alpha for an hour. He sat placidly as an attendant laced his shoes for him before two of them hauled him to his feet and he finally got a look at himself in the mirror. He smiled. Their tailor was a genius. John straightened his bow tie, smoothed his sleeves, holding them out obediently for his cuffs to be fixed as another attendant fixed his kilt pin. The dress the tailor had created for him looked for all the world like a kilt suit; dark jacket with braided epaulettes, crisp white shirt collar and pleats at the back of the skirt, which was done in the blue-green Watson tartan. His chunky cabled socks reached nearly to his knees, the tartan flashes matching his kilt, his shoes polished and shiny. The waistband of the kilt hugged the lower curve of his gigantic belly, the material lightweight and stretchy and shockingly comfortable. The hidden zip in the side made it easy to remove the one-piece garment and for that, John was grateful. He inhaled nervously and clutched the attendant's arm for support as he waddled out from behind the screen and grinned at Tommy. "How do I look?"
The sword was deathly silent as it was unsheathed from its pedestrian scabbard with expert precision. His weapon gleaming sharply in the open air, Siger regarded Mycroft with cold rage and calculation. Sherlock's eyes widened in fear. The challenge taken, he nodded subtly towards his brother's back, retreating slowly towards his Omega. He would let his brother protect them.
chose this. He was unstable and he interfered in our lives for long enough - let's forget him?" He stroked his husband's cheek, the cool metal of his wedding ring rubbing lightly across the Alpha's pale skin. "I wonder... Are you feeling
Sherlock grunted and panted as he undulated his hips, ploughing hard into the Omega, but not yet hard enough to knot. John's swelling, his massive size, had sent the Alpha into a near-frenzy; he needed to take his mate, to be inside him like this, to show him how powerful of an Alpha he was and how much his Omega belonged to him. "This is just the beginning - you'll nearly fill out the entire bed with the massive brood I've stuffed into you by the time my pups are ready to be birthed. You're going to become such a slut for me, lying on your side all day, trapped by your enormous belly, unable to reach your own cock but slick and open and
He licked his lips, then gave the order to the servant, who bit back a needy mewl. The man was still full to bursting, the pressure in his breasts building heavily again, but he was to do what his Alpha said. "When he comes," said Sherlock quietly, "I want you to grab your teats and spray that luscious milk all over him." The Alpha's hand was already working his cock faster, but still lightly; he was so sensitive that a few firm strokes would bring him immediately to climax. His cock throbbed, and he moaned with the sensation of it, smirking as the servant eyed it hungrily.
"Loved seeing you like this last time," Leo purred, "so heavy with a mixed litter for your pack. You loved carrying babies from all four of your Alphas, didn't you?" The pack leader finally withdrew, sending cum and slick cascading down the back of the Omega's thighs. She stepped back, allowing Leo to step in to her place. "Ready?" he asked the helpless breeder, rubbing his thick cock against the Omega's slick entrance.
territory.
, the first card read,
"Don't worry," Sherlock soothed, sensing his mate's apprehension, "As much as I would love to see you swell with more after these, I believe you are right. I will not give you any more than you ask for, John. I won't force you to carry another brood. If you say thirteen is enough, then it is enough, and we'll make sure you are on birth control as soon as possible after our children arrive. I'll make sure to look into finding a pill for myself, as well, so you will be doubly protected." Sherlock knew that many Alphas would override such a request from an Omega and force their partner to continue carrying, but Sherlock loved John far too much for that. John's comfort came first, and though he was sad they wouldn't be having any more, he would respect the Omega's decision.
John purred quietly as his Alpha was praised, subconsciously rubbing his belly to encourage the new litter to grow and flourish. Adam finished nursing just as Eleanor began to squall, demanding milk, and John chuckled as he laid the eldest pup on the bed and scooped up his sister, who latched on eagerly. Beatrice watched with shining eyes as Sherlock's enormous brood wriggled and shifted, their mother constantly nursing them; she had never been more glad of her decision to leave Siger and submit to her eldest son as pack Alpha. Siger would never have allowed her to see this, would never have permitted her to stain herself by association with their former junkie son and his breeder. She gave Catherine a knowing smile as she passed Benedict to her, grateful that none of the pups had inherited Siger's sharp, cruel features.
, he complained through the bond as the machine started up, clenching his fingers in the sheets.
Mentions of domestic violence, child abuse, some actual violence.
Sherlock's knees went weak at the sight of his mate stuffing himself, enormous belly hanging from him, insatiable and desperate to both eat and be fucked. He steadied himself and continued to work John on his fingers, nearly groaning himself as each light brush over John's prostate drew another long, low moan from the Omega. His own cock tented his bottoms painfully as John's arousal sent more fluid dripping from the Omega's slick hole, coming in small floods each time John took a bite, each time Sherlock stimulated the small gland inside him. John's belly seemed enormous, even larger than normal, growing heavier and fuller as he ate; the Alpha found himself wishing he'd put even more on the table for the Omega to feast on, for John to stuff himself until he couldn't move and then still mewl for more. "Going to make you take it," Sherlock growled lowly, "Right here, just like this. Stuff you full of my cock while you gorge yourself on the food I've given you. You're insatiable." He removed his fingers, and pulled down his own pants. Gripping John's hips, he pressed himself inside just as John released another gush of fluid, the slick dripping down the inside of the Omega's thighs.
, worthy of his mate, everything John deserved.
Holmescest if you squint
An hour later they were pulling up outside the first house, the one in Wimbledon. It had nice large windows and a pleasant white exterior, the garden had an air of genteel unkemptness and it looked to be a good size. The rooms were spacious even if the decor was a little dated, but nothing stirred in John like it had at the first two houses they'd seen. It was nice, but he couldn't imagine himself nesting there. He turned to Sherlock, winding both of his arms around one of his mate's and clinging to him. "What do you think?" he murmured quietly.
laced with
" He wouldn't kill the man in his nest, no - the room where they shared their love, where their pups would be born and cared for, would not be soiled by such an act. He would, however, give himself one more satisfaction - give his mate one more act of reassurance - before dragging Moriarty out for the final act.
" he snarled, even the memory of the other Alpha's scent on John rapidly driving him into a frenzy; it was gone, but he had not allowed himself to truly feel the burning anger as he tried to calm his Omega. Now that John was fine, there was nothing to stop him from going absolutely mad over it. "
John-," he whined, trying to snuggle closer, but receiving a few more pokes for his effort. "Ow-
John froze, wanting to move closer and retreat at the same time. "You... you want me? Outside of heat?" he gasped, suddenly energised. He began crawling towards Sherlock with more purpose. "You never... no signs... are you... are you sure?" he purred, happier now that he could see Sherlock wanted him for him and not hormones.
Arthur (mint) has dark wavy hair and green eyes, and a rounded face. He's the plumpest out of all the pups.
Sherlock huffed, turning towards his phone, "Say what you like. John knows our bond."  He opened the mobile, his eyes scanning across the message, sending another strong pulse of love towards his Omega.
He groaned as the knot swelled further, larger, until its size nearly began to pain him; he'd not been out with his family since long before the pups' birth, and now his system was responding in overdrive to the slew of potential challengers and threats they'd encountered. He began to whine softly with each pant, pleasure and sharp pain crackling through him with each thrust of the knot against the Omega's hole until he finally drove in hard, crying out as the bulge swelled further inside his mate's dripping passage and yet still rocking his hips, still moving them both together as he trembled and shook through his release.
John mewled desperately, his cock rapidly growing to full hardness and throbbing in his trousers. "
, John returned meekly, smiling as he began to press kisses to Sherlock's pale skin.
"Mama, is Daddy going to die?" Felix asked quietly, his tiny face pinched with worry. Johns heart broke a little and he scooped his son into his arms. "No sweetheart, Daddy isn't going to die! He's going to be just fine, and he'll be able to come home tomorrow. Daddy banged his head, that's all! Go on now, go and see him." He smiled as the little boy nodded and wriggled off his lap, rushing in to the tent.
Sherlock ended the call without another word. The air in the room suddenly became thick and oppressive; it was difficult to draw breath. His stomach twisted and rolled painfully. He felt as if he were moving through water as he slowly sank down into his chair. How long had it been since he'd gone? Eight years? Ten? And not a single attempt at contact; once he'd become a disgrace to the family name, it was as if he'd never been their son to begin with. There was no use for a Holmes who didn't act like a proper Holmes. At least, not until that Holmes had prospects of continuing the family line. Sherlock scrubbed over his face. They didn't even know about the pups yet. He exhaled in a painful burst. Christ.
worth something, Remington, and one day you will have your own family, and you
Sherlock's brow had furrowed in concern as his mate labored; John was obviously suffering with this child. He could feel his mate's distress through their bond, and his hands trailed away from John's belly and down between the Omega's legs. The Alpha sat back on his heels as he gently felt around John's hole, helping to ease the tender flesh open. The problem became apparent immediately: the baby was breech. Sherlock eased his fingers more inside John's entrance, feeling. Mercifully, the pup seemed to be a frank breech, with its feet near to its head.
, he teased gently, lifting the baby to rub his nose against hers, making her coo and squeal in delight. "You're nothing like Harry really, are you princess?" he crooned gently, covering her face in tiny kisses. She poked her tongue out at him and dribbled, looking extremely pleased with herself.
for at least the last month... You'll have to rub lotion on my gigantic, growing belly every day to stop me scarring from stretch marks, I'll grow so fast... I'll look round and ripe in no time with this many babies in me," he purred, kissing Sherlock softly on the lips.
Sherlock came with a shudder and a groan, John's tight heat and his own fantasies sending him over the edge. He nipped and kissed at his mate's lips again, making the Omega whimper as he rode out his orgasm. His release was shorter and less intense than he had been building up to; when he settled, he rested his head next to John with a sigh and a soft chuckle. "Next time," he murmured with a half-smile in his Omega's ear, "Skip the practicalities and play along."
Sherlock purred as he felt John's belly begin to bloat and push outwards. Slowly but surely, the Omega was growing, the rich food making his huge middle heavier and fuller with every bite.
Sherlock grinned widely as she went. "Not concussed," he insisted between passionate kisses, the vomit bucket strategically placed on the nightstand. Eager as he'd been to hide it, he knew John would be furious if he ended up serving as its substitute. "Don't remember what happened, but need to finish the case if I was on one. Not now, though. Need you now. Missed you. Mine," he rumbled, and pressed his nose to a scent glad. Moaning happily, he inhaled the smell of
John shuddered in pleasure and made a confused approving sound in his throat. "You can cover me in it any time you like," he purred, leaning in to Sherlock's cleaning him, twisting in his lap to press his swollen belly into Sherlock's taut one. "Such a good Alpha... Marking me with your come..." he mewled, smiling.
"And I will help you achieve that aim," Mycroft returned, meeting his brother's eyes. He had never quite forgiven himself for Sherlock's miserable childhood; he'd always done his best to shield him from their father, to protect him, and how his heart had broken when he was forced to leave for boarding school and Sherlock had begged him tearfully to stay. Although he had never said it aloud, he adored his little brother, and his heart ached to think of him unhappy - so he was resolved to do everything in his power to calm Sherlock and help him prepare the Christmas he wanted for his children.
Sherlock was still lying hopefully in the nest, pyjamas lost and a blanket barely covering his lap, not even bothering to hide the hint of his enormous member. He'd ignored the sounds of getting ready downstairs and had fully been expecting his wife any moment; he knew they were going to go for a walk at some point - he'd figured post-coitus. The Alpha's deep purring lessened as the minutes passed and still yielded no John at the door. And not just any John - John in a dressing gown, which, if he ignored the boring colour and fabric of the garment itself, was almost pornographic in the way his voluptuous teats all but spilled from what miniscule coverage the too-small gown could provide. He pouted as the vision failed to appear.
Sherlock stifled a sigh, still not entirely satisfied as his mate was able to beg coherently. But letting John go on too much longer would make him useless for more time than he would enjoy.
John keened as Sherlock bit him; feelings of
"Mmm... fuck... oh god, yes... yes, John...," Sherlock panted in agreement to the fantasies, lapping and nosing at John's scent gland, "Why even buy a dress? I'd have you struggling naked down the aisle, your hands pressed into the small of your back to support yourself, your best man walking behind you while you strained under your own weight. You wouldn't have any buffer to soak up your milk, then, your breasts full to bursting on top of your enormous belly and leaking everywhere, slicking your belly, your milk dripping down to wet your aching cock and leaving white drips on the floor as you lumbered towards me, grunting and groaning, my pups kicking against the walls of your gigantic womb. I'd have you begging for my cock at the altar, keep a bed up there for you to lay down and spread your legs wantonly for me, moaning like a whore while I took you in front of everyone. You'd say your vows like that, completely Omega, rubbing your belly, mewling and crying out desperately for me as I slipped the ring on your finger while I fucked you."
, thinking about my cock day and night - you do, don't you? Think about all the ways I could pin you down and fuck you, get wet at the littlest thing I do - You're just
John hummed gently as he slid a little bit more of Sherlock's length down his throat, swallowing around him and rubbing his swollen belly against his mate's thigh.
The Omega's eyelids flickered and a smile lifted the corners of his mouth, but he was too lost in his submission to be capable of thought or speech. All that flowed from him through their bond was love, submission, contentment and a slight demureness as he bashfully accepted his mate's praise. John wriggled, moaning lasciviously at the feeling of Sherlock's hands on the taut skin of his belly and the way the Alpha's knot was rubbing against his walls; there was no tension in him at all, surrendered as he was to his mate, and cooed softly as his eyes batted open. The look he gave Sherlock was pure, guileless, simple; there was nothing but adoration and a gentle Omega delight in his eyes. It was the sort of look the clientele at Pendleton's dreamed of eliciting from their collared mates; it meant that the Omega was so lost in the pleasure the Alpha had given them, so overwhelmed by their mate's dominance, that they would require an order to come back to their rational selves.
Sherlock blinked stupidly for a moment. John was always the vocal one in their lovemaking; Sherlock panted, purred, moaned, growled - but rarely vocalized his pleasure verbally, at least not in the strings of exclamations and colourful expletives John so favoured. Kissing his way up the Omega's neck, the Alpha only purred louder, the sound vibrating richly through his chest to fill the room.
Donovan, take him-" "
"There is a manner in which you may help, if you wish," Sherlock said suddenly, "You see, John and I - John?" His eyes snapped to the Omega at hearing the gasp, the piercing blue orbs wide and almost fearful.
his mate as primally and thoroughly as possible only making it hotter. John clenched hard around Sherlock, adding a slightly theatrical touch of pain to his moans to imitate the sounds of childbirth, and sent an image through their bond as clear as crystal; himself on all fours on the bed in their nest, one newly-birthed pup lying near him and his belly still swollen with the remaining two, Sherlock mounting him from behind and gently rocking his thick cock as far as it could go inside him, one hand firmly gripping John's hip - and the other on his collar.
"Sherlock, there's a case in Regent's Park. Jogger found the bodies - it's a bit of a bizarre one. Identical twins, side by side, both wearing nothing but football scarves - and one's clearly been dead far longer than the other. Will you come?" Lestrade asked, almost coaxingly. "Anderson's still suspended," he added, as if that might tip the balance.
Lestrade cleared his throat. He was adept in his own way at handling crisis situations, though had never been particularly good when it came to family - the spectacular failure of his first marriage attested to that. "Well," he started brusquely, "'S better to me. I mean, I know I was pack before, but it's different now - I mean, I haven't had much time to tell, but I just feel ... Better about things, I guess." He shrugged lamely, dropping his gaze to his feet.
Sherlock's eyes lit up immediately at the puzzle, scanning the photograph, his mind jumping into action to deduce the details. "A case?" he asked curiously, "No... no, not quite - there's been nothing reported in this location as of late. But ... it's a clue, yes?" He looked to his mate to explain what was meant by gifting the mysterious picture. "Obviously you want me to go here ... and then what?" he mused, "And then there might be something else there, yes... it's not a special location." He apprehensively scanned his mate's face to make sure that it
Thank you.
"Oh come now," Moriarty grinned dismissively. "Yes, alright, thirteen is certainly an impressive number. But thirteen half-ordinary pups... that's only six and a half interesting. If you really want I
"I'm glad to see you so happy, Sherlock," Victor murmured softly, honestly. "It suits you."
promised to use an effective method of birth control to see you through your microheat, because we both
John shivered lightly at his mate's attentions, eyes sliding closed of their own accord as he felt Sherlock's possessive hands on his belly. When he felt the box he blinked stupidly and looked down at it, glancing questioningly at his Alpha as he picked it up and ripped open the paper. He purred when he saw the luxurious box and lifted the lid cautiously; his collar lay inside, the fastenings and tag obviously recently polished, the leather well cared-for and supple, and he gasped in joy and shock. Tears filled his eyes and he reached for Sherlock, pulling him into a hug and burying his face against the Alpha's chest.
Draped lazily over his mate's immense belly, his arms flung around John's neck and his head pillowed on his Omega's swollen breasts, Sherlock gave a soft snore. The Alpha looked like an overlarge child, clad in his pyjama bottoms and blue silk robe as he snoozed lightly on top of his gravid partner. One knot had not been enough to satisfy either of them after the events now a few days past; Moriarty's attack, coupled with the proceeding 24 hours of forced abstinence, had triggered something of a microheat for the couple. While Alphas did not, strictly speaking, experience heats, Sherlock found himself unable to get enough of his mate, his cock remaining at its uncontrollably swollen, monstrous size for nearly three days as he fucked his Omega over and over again, barely sparing time between to eat, panting like an animal as he thrust into John's slick hole. John had been unconscious for over half of it, mewling and moaning in his sleep as the Alpha knotted him repeatedly.
give me all of your cock, please!" Brendan cried out, trembling and sweating.
husband declaring in front of everyone how much he loves me, making such a good speech, feeding me, curling up in my lap and nursing from me, letting me sleep on him, feeding me cake by hand, catching up with our guests and a wonderful set of deductions... I couldn't have asked for better. Just the photographs to go, and then you can take me to bed." He purred a little louder for his Alpha, nuzzling into his arm, allowing his mate to wheel him into the small room set up as a photographic studio. He gripped Sherlock's hands as he was heaved out of the chair and waddled over to the silk-draped seating, having to clutch Sherlock's arm to manage the short distance. He purred loudly as Sherlock pulled him into his lap and rubbed his nose affectionately against his mate's, smiling, as the photographer began to snap pictures.
Sherlock purred, moving closer and nuzzling both the pups' heads, breathing in their soft, distinct scents. Their contact had remained mostly nonverbal since their coupling, sire and mother both still feeling the influence of instinct, or Sherlock would have revelled in the significance of their pups waking on their first Christmas morning. He shifted some of the pups in his own lap so he could put a hand over John's full belly; the Omega had only grown since Victor and Oliver's visit, the obviously large size of the gestating pups pleasing Sherlock to no end. Felix gave a mewl of protest, burrowing farther into the crook of Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock blanched at the realization of what was required of him, barely stifling a pleading,
Still on his knees, Sherlock slowly approached his elder brother, bowing as he set the present down before him. "From all of us," he murmured, "For you, the head of our family."
he whimpered through the bond, feeling his belly rub against Sherlock's taut abdomen. The thought that this gorgeous Alpha who was possessing him so completely, making him take his huge cock right here where he wanted him, had fathered his children made the Omega grow even wetter, eager for more. "I'm pregnant," he blurted out suddenly, "I'm
"We found that this was the easiest way to get them to settle," Mycroft drawled, "although I would appreciate it if you could remove whoever is kicking me in the bladder." John laughed and helped his mate shift their pups off Mycroft and into a pile in their father's lap on the sofa. The babies stirred but did not wake, and John squeezed Sherlock's hand as he watched the snow fall peacefully outside.
John panted and whined as Sherlock entered him, keening as his overfull breasts spurted when his Alpha thrust into him. "Oh, Sherlock... Do you have a good view, my Alpha? Can you see my breasts bouncing with every thrust? See how it's making my milk spill out? That's it love," he encouraged as his mate squeezed his engorged flesh, spraying more milk in strong jets against the wall. He rocked a little on his toes, bouncing himself on Sherlock's cock, making his breasts jiggle. "Oh, my Alpha... Can you feel how perfectly you fill me?" he murmured seductively, undulating his walls around his cock, making it tighter for him. "Ah..." he bounced on his cock a little faster. "That's it, milk me," he cried desperately as Sherlock growled and squeezed him harder, rhythmically, in time with his thrusts, his milk spraying strongly at his mate's demanding hands.
Sherlock was gaping a bit as well. He swallowed thickly, then smiled. "Of sorts," he murmured, "Mycroft.. When we were little, Mycroft would always make them for me when our parents were away. And he'd make sure there were fresh cream and strawberries to top them. It was one of the nicest things anyone had ever done for me." He cuddled the pups in his own arms close as he remembered, watching his brother with shining eyes.
, not in my eyes." Smiling at his mate again John leaned in and began to press soft, light kisses over Sherlock's forehead and cheeks, purring and mewling to show his adoration. "Now I reckon we've got another hour or so to ourselves before the pups wake for their next feed... does my Alpha want his present now?" he breathed, accidentally rubbing his swollen breasts against Sherlock's chest as he peppered him with kisses.
Sherlock looked curiously at his mate, John's apprehensiveness clearly visible as the Alpha picked up the gift. He smiled reassuringly, taking the present which obviously contained clothing of some type, by its size and give, and sat down on the sofa next to his mate. Carefully this time, he worked his fingers under the tape at each end, unfolding the paper neatly, moving to unseal the tape which held the center of the bundle together. The wrapping fell open and he pushed it back, blinking in interest as he caught sight of what lay within. A warm smile settled on his features as he lifted the scarf and gloves from their paper, feeling the softness of the yarn, inspecting the intricate detail of the patterning, the neat stitches. Expertly done, but obviously not store-bought. Then-
Sherlock cooed in sympathy, reaching down and scooping up the baby with one arm. Enora squealed at the attention, still clutching her bear as Sherlock draped her over his shoulder. "Better, sweetheart?" Sherlock hummed, receiving a pleased slap to the face in response. Benedict looked up from Sherlock's chest and babbled inquiringly at his sister; Enora giggled back at him and soon he, too, was reaching his chubby arms and begging to be lifted up. "Oh god, it's catching," Sherlock groaned as he placed the auburn-haired pup on his waist, Benedict giggling in appreciation. Soon he had several more pups splayed over his legs and feet, too, all the babies laughing and burbling to one another.
John snorted at his Alpha's pun, grinning, then purred happily at the nuzzling and the promise of blankets. "I have a feeling that we definitely will," he hummed, placing his hands on top of his Alpha's, holding their brood together. "I think we may have to buy the cribs... and a bed for me to birth them on... before I build the nest. I know that usually the Omega births in the nest and the Alpha scents the pup and puts it in its crib before reclaiming their mate, but because there are so many of them I don't think my instincts will let me permit any of the pups to leave the nest once I've birthed them. We'll just have to build a huge nest around the cribs, pin blankets to the walls and rig up a canopy over the cots... I'll need to basically live in the nest for the last month or two of my pregnancy, since I won't be able to move..." he murmured, feeling the pull of sleep much more strongly. Satisfied, warm, safe, scented, he allowed his eyes to close and he let sleep claim him, blissful in his Alpha's arms, dreaming about building the nest and birthing pup after pup as Sherlock praised him and caught each one in his eager hands.
he answered absently. He came with a soft groan before he knew what was happening, his body reacting to his mate's walls clenching and fluttering around him. He tensed as his enormous member pulsed and spilled inside his mate. John was his pet. As an Alpha, he should have felt that his Omega's pleasure came second, that John should be willing to take whatever he gave him, whether it left him in a blissful or boneless daze each time or not. But Sherlock couldn't shake the uncomfortable feeling that John's rebound time was too quick.
He gave a deep, growling purr as he watched his mate eagerly eat the cake out of his hand. Crumbs of the lemon and poppyseed confection were soon the only evidence left as the Alpha reached for another piece, and then another, bringing each to his mate's lips as John rocked slowly against him. Between slices he began to lick the mess from the Omega's lips and chin, cleaning away the smears of frosting and cake before kissing John in earnest, tasting the sweetness in his mouth.
Pictures of just after they'd bonded, taken by John; pictures of the Omega's growing belly, when the first thirteen were no bigger than little grapes, then becoming bigger, forcing their mother's middle outwards, until John's belly was at the middle of his thighs, the end of his knees-
waves. He moaned a little, dislodging the pillow he'd covered his face with, more of Sherlock's scent slipping through.
"Right," the doctor murmured, making a note. "Have you vomited again since we spoke last?"
," he murmured sensually in the Omega's ear, his eyes gleaming as John panted and moaned
"Not exactly, he was in my squadron in the army - we served together on my first tour of duty in Afghanistan," John explained softly, worried at Sherlock's odd behaviour. He accepted the food gratefully, eating and drinking to soothe his mate's Alpha instincts to provide before he spoke. "He didn't touch me Sherlock, don't worry," he said softly, wondering if that's what had him so riled. "Hey, Sherlock, look at me, please?" He reached a hand out to lay it on the detective's arm. "Tell me what's wrong, love, what's upset you?"
John whimpered happily at the praise, nuzzling his Alpha, humming contentedly as Sherlock kept rubbing his belly. "Mmm, yes, I think they can... and when the last litter is old enough to leave the nursery we can easily convert it into another two or three bedrooms," John murmured. He grinned at the Alpha's last statement. "I bet you love that, don't you? Love telling them exactly how many pups you fucked into me." He paused for a moment, shifting a little to rest his head on Sherlock's chest, his huge belly resting on his mate's flat one. "I'm going to miss being pregnant," he said thoughtfully. "The doctor did say a successful post-birth knotting is very unlikely, so it'll be a while before we can try for more... and I'll have to skip at least two heats or I'd be having more before these ones are walking and even with Mrs Hudson we won't be able to handle that many crawling around," he smiled, tracing patterns on Sherlock's skin. "I won't like having to skip them, but I don't think either of us could stand using birth control, do you?"
Soon, each of the pups had been fed except Benedict and Arthur, and John lifted them gently to let them latch on. The two boys sighed happily, smacking their little lips as they rooted, and latched on simultaneously. By now, Sherlock was covered in a blanket of happy, sated babies, and John purred quietly at the sight, smiling as the triplets squirmed again in response to the feeling of
want to look at the scene, more than anything - except, of course, staying by his Omega's side. His mate was now completely immobile, and with John hardly a day out of such a deep Omega state - and himself still feeling the aftereffects of giving over so fully to his Alpha - the detective was reluctant to leave. The offer of the pies was enticing - the mere mention of feeding his mate causing a telltale blush to spread across the Alpha's high cheekbones - but Sherlock didn't need to leave home to get them.
it begged. Sherlock panted heavily, whining in conflict. He wrapped a hand around John's small cock and began stroking it, moving them together frantically, trying to override thought with further action.
part of his scent getting stronger the closer to the Alpha he got.
"And you're too hard on yourself," John returned affectionately, licking at Sherlock's nipple. "You would have done
"he babbled desperately, turning his head to kiss and lick his Alpha's jaw.
At some apparently invisible signal the pianist in the corner began to play and a hush descended on the room as the first few bars of Rachmaninov's
Sherlock groaned at the combined sensation of John's tongue on his balls and the sight of John's come spattering the Omega's enormous stomach. He could feel his mate's belly beginning to quiver under his lips, their pups woken and enthusiastically squirming, feeling the effects of their father's excitement. The Alpha growled low, feeling John's breasts squeezing his cock, the passage becoming even slicker as the Omega's nipples began to leak from the pressure, milk flowing into the passage his mate had created for him. It was all too much, and he came with a cry, his release painting John's swollen belly in thick, white ropes.
