Sherlock glared. "You told me you were caught and that your parents had to send you to a school to control your behavior."
"Yes, Mother. I'll take care of it." Trois Primus stood up straight as a board. "You can depend on me. Mother, about before,"
A young omega, hardly out of his teens, darted forward. "Mollyhoo, you're alive. You took a lot longer than usual."
"They weren't much better on Earth," said Billy stubbornly. "Mum died in the streets. Connor and I were taken to a death camp."
He'd learned the words to the song that the other alignments sang the year he'd learned what Mummy knew.
Several of the omegas were clustered together, crying. Their scent showing that for now their heat was done with the tinge that meant it would begin again.
It was based on a work of poetry by an ancient Roman poet about beings that had gone through various transformations. At the time, he'd mostly been absorbed by the way John marveled at the play's staging, a pool of shallow water surrounded by a wide walkway. The sound of his laughter when they were splashed as actors slid in and out of the pool as they were transformed. He thought about one of the play's vignettes. Eros, the god of erotic love, naked, blind, floating on a small raft surrounded by white candles shaped like flowers that bobbed on the water. That lit the way for Psyche, the goddess of the love of the soul, to find him. Tangled together upon that fragile raft in the midst of the pool, they were love.
Lestrade was going to transport the Watson theater company to Aldon Prime, where the company did most of their off season rehearsals. Where Harry would be sentenced. Although, given the incoherence of her confessions in the wake of her father's death, she most likely be sent to Elba II for the treatment of the criminally insane.
John ground his hips down again. His pants utterly soaked through his jim jams. His cock was rock hard. He didn't dare reach down to touch it. If he did, he'd go off and Sherlock would stop. Also, John was a pretty decent scientist too. He had successfully predicted that Sherlock would push the tablet against his cock currently tenting his jim jams.
Tadpole had looked so young that morning. Unformed. Not really all that interesting. But something in the alpha scent that the holodeck simulated for Tadpole had had John trying to kiss him. Tripping the child lock.
Finney had not left the facility through the airlock. "No way to remove the sensors that tell Adams if you go in or out. I planted the bushes next to each of the grates. Picked something nice and thick. Took ten years to get them big enough and to make my own breather and face mask."
Sherlock reveled in John's scent. In the warmth of blood near the surface. Of being lower than John in this position.
Sherlock stared down at the blade embedded in the wood. Placed the palm of his left hand on the board and pulled up with his right. The board rattled on the counter top. He contemplated the onion. "It is perhaps late in our relationship to ask this question, but… is your aversion to reproduction itself, or is it to…" another slice, a rather dangerous swipe of Sherlock's hand across his cheek with the hand holding the knife, "reproduction with me? I realize I haven't exactly proven myself a good father figure," a quick slice through the half round. More of a quarter round by now, "in the past."
There were no gods left to answer him. There was only laurel smoke. Its own silent reproach to be ever worn upon his brow as a reminder that his love was not always a grace.
Supersmart met Mama G's eyes. Hoping, they'd noticed the same thing he had. That by every law of gravity, Prince Whatever's crown, perched so precariously on their head, should have at least shifted with their movement, but it has stayed exactly where it was.
Martha passed Cho in the hallway. She looked upset about something. Martha didn't immediately know if Cho was angry or sad or had forgotten lunch. Her calm melted away leaving only sticky sweat.
"If Mr. Watson could manage to pay attention, perhaps I wouldn't have to repeat myself." Sherlock loomed over him. His black curls stark on his pale cheeks. He looked amazing as always in the black robe.
"Shh…" said John. "You're mine to do with as exactly as I please, and it pleases me to do this. Breath in."
John had hoped that Sarabeth would be fine. Mollyhoo kept their chamber full of needles along with the grass. Sherlock hissed, which must mean he smelled something John could not or it could mean anything. "Marymor!" Or not. Sherlock almost turned to go, but John stopped him from going to find Marymor with a hand on his wrist.
John left Sherlock in the transporter room and headed straight to sickbay as was his habit after this sort of adventure. Privacy shield up, he found what he'd expected. He dealt with it as he always did. Put the possibilities away in a cube in his desk. Except for the ones that had created an entire and fairly warlike species that even the Klingons respected.
Lucy couldn't believe what she was hearing. "Don't take his side. Especially not using war crimes," said Lucy. "Green wanted to prove we were animals. Even looking at those studies is unethical." When she'd first heard about some of the things Green had done when she'd done her own research into Augment history, not that it had actually been taught in school, it had made her feel sick. Meeting Billy and knowing he and Connor had actually gone through some of that made it personal. Horrible. She couldn't understand why Hudson would even bring them up. "Those studies were destroyed after end of the war as part of the peace accords." She could feel tears welling in her eyes, which was just stupid. That had been centuries ago.
Sherlock tried several further lines of questioning but Finney shut him down with a grumpy scowl, and said, "Help an old man up." Sherlock pulled Finney to his feet. "Come on. If you're here to stop Adams, then suppose I'll have to help you. I was a lieutenant once."
He bucked even more wildly, until his mate bit his neck. Assuring him that he wasn't going anywhere. That he'd give John what he needed. Wanted him. Needed him too.
He had a sinking feeling as well. He had no access to his suppressors, never terribly reliable when Sherlock was around anyway. If the Bakerstreet didn't find them soon, he'd fall into a natural seasonally poly-estrus, cycle and go into heat in the stone-age. On an alien world. While losing his ability to remember or think. Surrounded by Augments with some very strange ideas about alphas and omegas.
Now that he knew it was him, being fucked on the simulation of the bridge, which had always been halfway about his humiliation kink, was also out. Just too surreal when he actually did spend time with Sherlock on the real bridge.
Sherlock looked at him. He did not say that his intention was to brood for two weeks over the grit in his machine until he flew apart. Until he knew what his and John's next assignments might be.
John didn't want to speak. He never wanted to speak. He opened his eyes into Sherlock's. Pupils dilated. Always observing him. He pushed Sherlock's right hand in the direction of what he wanted. Sherlock's smile was unutterably sweet.
The shop keeper manipulated the controls that had the floating pallet where his goods were kept float down. Mr. Stonn purchased a sphere like the one on display and a bunch of other rocks. "These will be excellent for Sestre's studies."
"Quiet," shouted John and regretted it. His head hurt. Kids quieted though. Like lions. Wide eyed lions.
Sestre had gotten in trouble many times because of the younger child. The gravity surfing incident, which even had scientific implications, was the most recent example.
Billy was pressed back, thinking gratefully that they hadn't even thought to hurt Connor yet. Also, he couldn't help thinking about something Hudson had said. "When people question you, they give information away." They wanted to know about Chin's connection to the Breen.
Afterwards, Hudson got up on the small stage. She said, "Now ordinarily a ship's captain would give this speech, but I think we all know himself is not the sort." His crew laughed, clustered together around small tables. She raised a glass. "These have been the voyages of the USS Bakerstreet."
Here, a Trill, Ezri, broke in to clarify that the prince was only raised on one of the moons. Ezri also appeared to argue with herself a good deal so there was that.
"I'm sorry, but," she laughed and it was a far more carefree sound than he'd heard from her since the first night they'd met, "it's amazing to me that you are part of one of my oldest family stories. That John is a part of that story. That you were one of the ones they rescued that night," she lightly tapped a set of syncopated steps that echoed on the metal floor, "from the belly of the beast."
Sherlock kept up that adorable scanner stare of his. "See that you do." Which earned him a kiss. Which earned them a moment rutting against each other. Which rapidly escalated into earning them both a hand job – Sherlock curling into him, desperately scenting John's neck, keening John's name as John worked both of their cocks, coming into the handy cloth that was what John generally kept in that back pocket, looking down at John with that expression of surprised joy that even after all this time stole over his face when John told him he loved him – all of which left them rumpled and late.
The difficulty in having a conversation with Karidian was avoiding Elise, while simultaneously wanting to talk to Elise, as she was a font of information about John. A treasure trove of details that he wanted nothing more than to dive into.
"I'd say they should move on and forget me, but," Sh'Evhaavoss looked around the barrack. "Every shen on the planet is here. Course," she quirked her lips, "If you were out there, maybe there's someone for them. Hiding in an ice cave or something."
The Klingon who was in love shoved the communicator back in the pocket of his leather vest and returned to his discussion of B'Etor's many virtues and maddening faults.
The shop keeper smiled with his mouth. "Oh, yes, it's very rare and unique to Janus VI. This was found in a new cave system that the mines just opened up. Well, new. Old. Used to the old Van Gelder shaft, that they had to close up all mysterious like."
"I'm not leaving you," said John looking grumpy. Angry. Worried. Some part of John wanted to take it. To be of use. To do what he'd been denied. To help people. This was war. There would be casualties. Less if John was out there.
Julian said, "I'll want to examine each of you, but based on your relative maturation, I'd place your current age at fourteen to fifteen."
"Good. Again. Deeper." John pressed his lips to those open lips as they inhaled. Nothing more than suction as he let out his own breath. Then moving to sit again. "Again." Gathered up falls of silken hair to rub the tips of fingers into Sherlock's scalp. Drawing moans and twisting hips with nothing more than hands in Sherlock's hair. Fingers circling Sherlock's scalp.
John and Sherlock both had appointments on the same day. They beamed into headquarters together, but were quickly routed in different directions. John told himself no matter what he had another week with Sherlock. No need to panic just yet.
Which was why John was in the stairwell when Stonn came pelting past him. He followed him just in case, but Stonn stopped as he arrived at the daycare.
That long ago trip was the reason she'd piloted the supplies herself rather than having Cho or Washington do it. Last thing either of her security team needed was a mind fuck.
Sherlock ripped open the door to reveal a young teen in a closet. Normal female. Signs of malnourishment. Tracks of tears running down her cheeks beneath tangled brown hair. She held up a plunger as a poor substitute for a weapon "Please, please, don't hurt me."
"Oh, well, good." John didn't want to think about how not-Lestrade and company would respond when they found out that Sh'Alaack hadn't so much blown up anything. He felt a bit like this was the part where he was supposed to say something inspiring and convince not-Lestrade that blowing up a building with about ten thousand people – evil oppressive people and all that was left of an entire Andorian gender – wasn't the way to do things. But he was fresh out of speeches.
Those kinds of ideas grew more and more difficult. Made him angry. John actually kind of enjoyed those moments. The wild joining that came of anger. The joy in knowing that at least they were together. Whispering, "Love you," while they still had the words. Feeling in his bones that even if they lost the words, the feeling would always be there.
"Yes, Sei Quartus," crowed Sherlock. Not-Sherlock. "You shouldn't be here. I'm very upset, but I'm glad that you are because he did. And you all should have seen how your mother dressed the body. I'll show you all the recording from the camera that Victorious didn't think I knew about. But, I know everything."
"Don't use that hypo on anyone but you or me," said John. "It's adrenaline. And I know because Killander should never play poker. He confirmed it when I asked."
"Um… that's why he's being transferred," said Caorthannach very slowly. Connor itched to speed him up and make him say what he thought, because Connor was dying to know what he didn't know, but he didn't. Even when Shrilaas and Keraass were stumbling over questions, it was important to let them finish.
Over a loudspeaker, a voice said, "Please, welcome Professor Holmes, whose utterly brilliant research into Vacuuvita life forms has revolutionized our understanding of the possible."
"Mommy!" Eva's face fell. "You're not Mommy. Who are you? Where's Mommy. Daddy said she'd be back today." She held up a picture with a giant red heart and two stick figures in it. 'Welcome, HOME!!!!" was scrawled at an angle in crayon. "I made her a sign."
John took up door duty again. Focused on talking about Ferengi accounting dramas and legends of immense wealth. Nom wasn't very literate in theater, but Cafa loved Accounting Dramas and had seen every episode of "As the Ledger Balances".
"I've got you. I'll take care of you. I'll take such good care of someone so precious. Come for me."
Sherlock padded over to him. Small, fragile, not even as old as a teenager. Very much a child. "I just," his voice was high, "I just needed it. I don't remember being this age." John did a quick scan. Sherlock scowled. "Ugh, I can turn it back. I set the transporter to auto transport me in thirty minutes. I just want the memory of being held by someone who loves me when I was… smaller. I don't have that, and I need it." He held up his arms. John picked him up and sat with him for a long while on the couch. Not saying anything. Rubbing Sherlock's back. The pie was done by the time Sherlock whispered, "Do you think you could want someone, a child that maybe looks a little like me, to hold like this?Be a parent to?" Perfect timing, as the transporter slipped him away.
The alpha climbed out easily enough. She crouched at Sarabeth's feet, alternating between rubbing against her and Vesha's legs.
Sherlock looked suddenly worried, "My light, you cut that very closely. What if you'd gone into heat when Victorious. But no, you must have been on black market suppressants. What if… it was probably fever that interfered with your suppressants. It's highly unlikely that it was me… the effect of my… possibly it was a result of...really Quintus was the only time that happened. Fine. Septimus too. But…"
Sherlock dressed in black. It suited his mood. If not entirely appropriate for blending into brightly lit rooms. Still, he avoided the single guard easily. The lock on the room where John was being held was trivial to hack.
The performance itself was great. His father had if anything gotten better as Lear. While he was quiet and reserved in social situations, the moment Karidian Watson stepped on a stage, he was transformed by the role. Harry was mostly sober in her role as Cordelia, the loving daughter. Clara in the role of Goneril appeared to be using her anger from her breakup with Harry to inform her rage. His mother was amazing as the wise fool. He was surprised to see his cousin Shelly in the cast and shocked to realize that many of the other roles were being filled by her now nearly grown children.
"Don't want to," said Euros mutinously. There was a brief butterfly moment as thoughts flitted over her expression. Then she smiled and it was Sherlock's real person smile. "But fine. I'll go."
He even had a conversation with Odo before he talked to Sherlock. Because if there was a being intent on a mystery – other than Sherlock – it was Odo. John said, "Sherlock's secret isn't all that complicated. He joined Starfleet at age fifteen."
"I wish I knew," said Lucy, because she really did. "It's different for Normals. They're the product of random evolution. But for Augments every bizarre thing is there for a reason. Because some scientist thought, hey, this is a good idea, let's make this change and I'm left to wonder why for so many of them. And there are so many. They made us in small lots. Three to five with specific variations. To see what would happen. They never made it to the mass production of super soldiers."
"I'm not John Watson." John shrugged, resisting the urge to cover his body with his hands. Feeling itchy and exposed. If not yet exhibiting any physical symptoms for heat. Although, there had to be some shift in pheromone output. John needed to get this situation dealt with and quick. John told himself to focus. "At least I'm not the John you know. There was a transporter accident. I'm from an alternate dimension. I can't explain it. I'm a medical doctor, not a physicist."
There wasn't time to think about it. Watson and Donovan were exposed to whatever it was that was going on here. From where she was, she was closer to the asylum than the landing pad. She strapped the spectrum calibrator back into its holster, but left it on. It didn't have much of a range, but it would enough to keep herself and anyone within a few meters of her safe.
The computer said, "This simulation has been reset to require a spell." John had been busy. Sherlock had command override, of course, so John needed to move fast.
Lucy cleared her throat. "I've successfully regrown the Draebidium Calimus to maturity." She called up the monitor and told them all a great deal about her examination of the fruit produced by the force gown Draebidium Calimus that would have been so much more interesting if she could have taken a break by listening to whatever naughty thing John was inevitably thinking. "So we know that we'll mature normally if engineering is not able to turn us back."
Sarabeth said, "And I can't be the only one who has noticed that since we reached three alphas in the caves, there haven't been any more attacks."
He focused on sending a signal to the Bakerstreet to return, and contacted Starfleet regarding the situation.
Jovas shook his head, "The past has merely revealed the truth. Alphas have always been more emotional. Less logical than omegas. It's why they're so bad at the sciences, more suited to the domestic arts. I've heard their brains are actually smaller."
Billy whispered. "I'm not waiting." Which was the right attitude. Although, John hoped he'd figured out how to choose his moment. That had taken John a few times to pick up.
So, he listened to Euros. He tried to explain the castle analogy that Hudson had taught him years ago as a way to shield her mind, but without being able to talk to her mind to mind, it was hard to get across. She seemed to get a bit of it, which turned the voices down to a low whisper. He said, "Your mother should get you some proper telepaths to teach you." He said it loudly enough for the armor clad Breen standing by the door to hear.
That was as far as he got, before a Klingon yanked the chain from his neck. Breaking the chain. Bruising his neck. "Foolish Human. There is no one in range." He looked at the communicator. "Puny toy." He shoved it one handed into a pocket on his leather armor.
Lestrade tried again. "That means we won't have anything for at least twelve months. Maybe eighteen. Do you know how far the Cardassians can get in that time?" More arguing.
When Sherlock returned, he was back to normal size and age. John decided that it was best to follow the pattern of their relationship and not say anything about Sherlock's question.
"Sure." John took the drink dubiously, but it was good. He looked at Sherlock, who was looking impossibly tall and wonderful. Likewise eyeing his drink. With Sherlock's metabolism, he could drink them all under the table. John decided to pace his drinking. It wouldn't do to blurt out any sort of declarations while under the influence, while Sherlock was stone cold sober.
John shot Sherlock an annoyed look for being a giant over dramatic tit. "Don't worry, we're here to help."
He probably shouldn't have tested if the fast cruisers were viable, but it was just another holo cube.
Something about that entire speech seemed vaguely familiar, not just the content, but how they were saying it.
Sometimes, Sherlock regretted that John hadn't been on the first ship that came with Father Meiying or Father Noonian. That Sherlock had shared heats with others first. Older and trying to flatter him with lies they didn't believe.
That night they returned to find the space transformed. No longer a cozy Tellerite dining room, but a wide open space full of red and yellows cubes.
"I've been awake a few more hours than you have," said Donovan glaring at a point on the wall. "So yeah, I don't figure it was a coincidence that our psychic and your husband are out of the picture when this went down."
"I believe that you are not telling me the truth, but I will not hold this against you," said Sestre.
"I remember." John nodded. Nodded again. "Yeah. So, I'll see you in our quarters." He left Sherlock looking at the tricorder.
John tried to protest, but they weren't having anything of what John had to say. They and the boring laser they picked up in the equipment storage weren't going to make this situation get any better. Still, Soo-Lin had said Stonn was with the creature. Stonn had a phaser. Not that John had ever seen Stonn fire a phaser, but one problem at a time.
"Until I came here," said Mollhoo softly, "My crèche always kept me away from alphas, because of," she waved at her nose, "the genetic defect that was the reason Sarpeidon chose to send me here. But we weren't religious enough to have me go through the process to eliminate my heats." She sighed.
His requested supplies appeared and he set to it. Reverse engineering a vaccine based on reading ancient magnetic tape with his tricorder and being glad that those crazy scientists had decided to build in a dry desert and not some place more temperate, which might have resulted in the storage materials decaying.
He opened his eyes when a small hand shook his arm. Eva held a doll knitted out of red and yellow yarn out to him. "Don' be sad." She jiggled the floppy thing with its strands of yarn hair. "Um…you know… I… I think I'll share Flopsy."
John lowered the force field and handed out masks. He could tell the moment that his changed scent reached the others. That they spotted the marks on his neck.
But they had a still now and tallow candles. And bricks, which perhaps she should have thought of making a frame for shaping clay and grass gathered high on the mountain side, and then sun drying them so they could make a real entrance to the cave door. A real door with a cross bar, because Sherlock and John has said some friend of theirs had explained how that worked too. They'd all gotten quite a lecture on basic architecture.
Brittanus pulled away from Meiying to glance at Euros. "A curious turn of phrase." Their eyes – looking like brilliant green ice in the light streaming around the tapestry – lanced through John. He tried telling himself the truth of who he was so utterly absurd that Sherlock's Mum couldn't possibly pluck it out of the air. After being married umpteen years, John was meeting Sherlock's parents like a stand-in shoved on stage with no script. Brittanus said, "Noonian, who is this and why have you brought him here? Mei and I have already progressed far in our negotiations for our next move."
When he told his mother this, she arched an eyebrow. "This apartment is not small. New Gol is not small. It is one of the largest town on New Vulcan."
He decided that he wasn't close enough and came around the table to straddle Sherlock's lap, who was still looking away. "Course then neither of us would exist and that would be a good sight harder for us to fix."
So it was a bit of a surprise when they arrived at meeting location to see Commodore Lestrade running the logistics.
He briefly looped in Sherlock, adding the "I love you," with a rueful smile for Soo-Lin and led her back into the main building. He had loaded a small sample of the stuff into a rucksack when Chief Gremel stepped inside with a disrupter.
"Ha," she quirked a look at him, "But you knew who I was talking about when I said boyfriend." She sipped her coffee. "I don't care. I don't know. Mum said Brittanus showed up with Dad. Gave me a serum. She seemed to think it was made from something in his blood. Makes me a bloody vampire, it does. Nothing in the last three hundred years that says Augments have magic blood. So, I don't know. Fucker could build death ships. Who knows what else he could make."
He heard, how could he not, the sharp gasp when John noticed the bright red anal plug gleaming between his posterior cheeks. Sherlock had placed it there before he'd arrived. That was why he'd knelt as soon as he came into the room. So John couldn't see it.
"And on that note, let me show you my work when I'm not trying to survive in a howling wilderness." They followed Sarabeth deeper into the cave system. She showed them where she had painted a herd of four legged creatures on the rock wall. "I used the contours of the cave wall. As the firelight flickers on it, they look like they're running. I'll never see a vid again, but I can see running animals. Bit of a bitch to paint though." She held up a reed. "I blow the paint through this. Read about it in a book." She wrinkled her nose. "Hopefully, I'm not the originator of the technique."
A mixed blessing. He wondered if shouting he knew Mycroft Holmes or Chin Singh would help or get him knocked out again. He'd heard that the Breen used slave labor on some of their mining installations. Although, by treaty that couldn't happen in Federation space. But they weren't in Federation space.
So, she was not in the best of moods when she discovered that Chief Fisher had been modifying the phase adjusters on the transporter without authorization. She tried to sound firm as she said, "Starfleet established that specification for a reason."
Connor squeezed Billy's hand. "Mummy, she's not honest with us." His expression earnest and determined.
Billy pulled Connor close to him. "My son is right. I… I just wanted my lover to know that I hadn't abandoned her. That when I don't show up for our next meeting, it isn't because I have dishonored our vows to each other. Please, I know it can't reach her, but if I could record a message. Maybe it could make its way to her."
When he'd stopped shuddering, John kissed his forehead and said, "What a beautiful boy. You're magnificent." Peppered kisses to Sherlock's face. "Stunning." Lightly nibbled his left ear lobe. "Intoxicating."
Not the silent omega drifting day to day. Replicating and consuming more liquor than was a good idea. Suddenly exploding in rage. Just as suddenly subsiding into silence.
John turned away. "As I keep telling you, I'm a doctor, not a pilot." Then after a look at the floor, he said, "Time runs out, we'll still have time to figure out how to upload me to wherever you are before getting Washington out." He knew his genius. "Don't think I don't know you're thinking about sacrificing yourself so I can go free. But that's not just on. Delete that plan."
Prince Sparkles widened his eyes. "Anything is possible. Now that we can unlock the controls, we should see if we can access the ship's computers. See if we're under orders. How about that one." He bounced out of the couch and up to a station on the second level.
"Yes, but I want you to come back tomorrow. We should carefully monitor your vitals in case anything changes."
"John! Julian said you were fine! You have to be fine! Lucy is fine. An idiot with preconceived notions, but fine."
"With the Analyst," said Elise with an acquisitive look that had Sherlock feeling more than a bit trapped. "John said it wasn't, but I don't see how it could have been anyone else."
. I was Benedict and Clare was my Beatrice and, she made me swear to kill my best friend for love of her. If you're not willing to kill for love, then it's not really love." Harry looked away. "That's not an excuse. There's no excuse. But that squamous frell came to me and wanted me to betray my family. I didn't mean to… no!" She straightened in her seat. A Watson, she looked him in the eyes. "Fuck penny or pound. I meant to do it, and once done, I knew they must all be dealt with."
She would have thought that her time on the Bakerstreet would have resolved that feeling. If anything, it had only engendered new aches.
Hudson said, "Birds are in their nest. Head to first position." John gave himself an anti-nausea shot, which was a relief. Grabbed some real medical tricorders – children's toys only went to so far – and as many biomasks as he could fit in a rucksack from the emergency stash. Things they hadn't been able to carry between levels.
Lunch felt impossible. Everyone seated together at tables. He'd memorized everyone's names, but he didn't know anyone.
"Yeah," John tapped Not-Sherlock's velvet covered shoulder. Found himself petting it. Soft cloth. Ringing ears. "You should have. You've treated me very badly since I came back." He sifted through some of the Sherlock's fantasies and made a stab in the dark. "You didn't trust me. The first time we were together after I came back should have been about us." He leaned forward and whispered in not-Sherlock's ear. "You naked on your knees in front of me while I fucked you. "Not-Sherlock shuddered. "It should not have been me naked and you clothed in front of a room full people not worth my socks. Your socks. Some socks." John felt like he was losing the plot of his thread, but really the entire day had been a bit much. "So I'm mad about that." He pulled further away from not-Sherlock.
John wasn't sure if she thought he was faking or not, but there were hyposprays in sickbay. There were medical tricorders. There were laser scalpels. Between them, they should be able to overpower one Ferengi guard.
The Breen who had spoken said, "Billy contacted me," which was new information, but per some ridiculous protocol for anonymity they did not remove their helmet.
Lestrade's eyes crinkled. "We accidentally tried to transfer all the Senior Staff off the Bakerstreet after transferring the Captain's husband off the ship." He tapped something on a screen in front of him. "Consider your transfer rescinded. I already put a stop on Hudson's. But that's all you get."
"Doing a bang up job," she said. Who the fuck knew what Holmes was up to. Probably something to do with Watson, something completely insane, or he'd sniffed the same thing she had. Probably all three.
"Agreed," said John looking somewhat shifty. Or perhaps gassy. "Sherlock's been talking to the scientists who were captured by the Ferengi. Based on what they said, it'll be at least a two months before the Ferengi head out to sell their cargo." John sighed and said, "As long as I wear the robe, it should be fine," which really made no sense at all.
Pain tore. Clawed. The scent of that alpha was still in his nose. In his skin. He wanted to kill the alpha again.
"Nothing, bad," John took that hand and kissed it. "I just need to talk about Dad and Harry for a bit." Words spilled into the dark. How he felt like he had something horrible inside him. Some sort of ticking time bomb. He left out the holo cubes, because… he wasn't ready to talk about that. Even while he knew it was like some evil alien sentient oil slick sitting in the corner of the room. Came to a sort of awkward end of, "I feel like such an idiot."
It didn't take more than a few jerks for either of them to get themselves and the sheets very sticky. They lay there with the starlight streaming by the wide window by their bed, the only sound the sound of their breathing and the ship's engines.
Bob held up his hands as if to allow judgement to flow through his fingers. "I always say that those who are attracted to the mental health profession do so out of a desire to first heal themselves." He tapped his own chest. "Or at least that's the way it was with me." Not really the time for details on his various Jungian dreams and Freudianly fraught relationships. "Perhaps we should go see this office on the off chance that I don't get... the chills?"
"So happy we made your day," said John in what he thought was a reasonable voice. He reflected that after all the times someone had attempted to kidnap and sell him, he'd finally run out of luck.
John insisted. They needed to know. That Mollyhoo didn't need to be sad anymore. That wouldn't be a problem if this was what they wanted. "Sherlock. Magic healing cock."
Wilkes launched himself at Sherlock, who felt a burst of adrenaline as he tried to move closer. For a moment, just a moment, he was in his old body again. He stepped back breathing air as it was meant to breathed. Scents and impression blooming all around him.
John smiled at him from the other side of the screen. For whatever reason Second Father was standing next to him.
She reminded herself that she was young again. She had an herbal soother and reminded herself that she was carefree.
It's a bit like the method used to ID Richard III's remains (mitochondrial DNA). Mind you, there are still some people who dispute that ID of Richard III because the Y chromosome DNA for that family tree isn't a match for the remains found under the parking lot. But… mitochondrial DNA, which doesn't change much and you get from your mom, is a bit more reliable than Y chromosome DNA, which also doesn't change much, but you (assuming you have XY chromosomes) get from your dad. It's um... harder to make a mistake about maternal relationships.
The annoyed John gave him would have been enough answer. But he said, "Sherlock, besides the part where that's about as effective as a wet paper bag when we fuck while I'm in heat, what part of all I could think of was getting your cock into me wasn't I clear about." John dropped the various toys scattered around the room into his rucksack. "I need to go to sickbay."
There were so many times over the years Mycroft had come close to saying something and yet had held silent.
-What Killander is trying to do: prove the bodies destroyed in the cryo chambers are not Khan and "his" followers using genetic information, and by extension save his career.
Sherlock let go of the tablet. Wrapped himself around John. "We could go to my parents. There's still the technological option."
Sherlock's sperm motility was off the charts, which fine, was obvious. Less obvious was that they seemed to be roughly divide into two categories. Speed racers, which rapidly whipped along through any complicated cellular mazes that John cared to replicate within seconds. Always selecting the right path to the cellular material with the hormonal signature of an ovum. In a solution replicating an omega's reproductive system, they remained active for two to three hours. Sacrificing longevity for speed.
John reached into the chamber to take a closer reading. "Khan didn't go anywhere." He waved his tricorder, "he's right here."
Alignment, the very alignment that had supported the Khan's conquest of Earth, thought themselves free to kidnap him. As if he were a common pet. As if he were common.
Humiliatingly, John burst into another round of tears. Clinically, he knew that he was reacting to the sudden influx of teenage hormones that he hadn't had to deal with in over a decade and were currently at peak production. He tried to recite the chain of how the Rybo-viroxic-nucleic structures in his genetics were telling his pituitary glands to produce gonadotropin-releasing hormone - GnRH, follicle stimulating hormones, luteinizing hormones, and… he did not give a fuck because he hadn't been able to cook a real dinner and now his husband wouldn't even eat and had refused to fuck him and the universe was going to end.
"Sweetheart, somehow I doubt I'm the only mother on the ship." The omega said it affectionately. Laughing.
Jo Schmitter liked mining. Done it his whole life. Janus VI weren't like one of them atmo worlds. Lazy bastards could just shoot the shit all day and all night, and not do a lick of work if they so choose. Plants just shat out all the air they could ever want to breathe.
"No," said the child, holding the tricorder carefully. "You're not supposed to have this." They looked at Bihr just as carefully. "Did Mummy send you?"
Inside they found a pile of boxes and a large x painted on the ground. John looked up. There was a device in the ceiling.
He continued, "I have not observed them acutely. Are they more like you or your other bondmates? Are the twins identical in every way?"
Mummy answered by putting his hands around Connor's. Leaning across the table. He said, "Before I say anything, remember I haven't said yes."
He directed John into the water filtration station on level 16 near a cluster of possible sites after he'd done some suitable experiments.
Sherlock had made a study of John's appearance at every age with assistance from John's mother. John was not practically seventeen, which made him practically eighteen.
Harry sobbed, "Daddy, no." She dropped the phaser and knelt next to him. "You have to finish the performance. Daddy! Get up! Daddy, get up!"
"Ah," said Sherlock. He put down his own knife. Rearranged the onions on his cutting board. "Yes. Your father. 4000 people dead."
He needed to get to John. There were hundreds, thousands, of possible explanations. If he could see John, run a scan on him, talk to him, then he would know. Knowing would lead to clearing John's name and earning his freedom.
An alpha struck Sarabeth across the face. She grabbed a large bone needle used for sewing leather and stabbed him just below the jaw yelling, "Fuck you, Sarpeidon!"
The room was cleared to make way for the evening's play. His family efficiently tearing down the Tellerite banquet set. John left lest he be pressed into service. With so few stage hands, much of the work was also done by the actors.
Supersmart raised his voice. "Protector, Bihr, it was Prince Sparkles. He was some kind of a creature with the power of transformation."
Mollyhoo had a vague idea that there had been some sort of herb used as birth control in a fifth Century kingdom on the northern tip of the southern continent, which was nowhere near where they currently were. Then there was post-partum heat. Not to mention that they'd be going into heat again on a natural cycle every winter. A cycle that either needed to be controlled or face early graves.
Certainly neither infant when they made their appearances looked anything like a god, but then again, infants only looked like infants. Squalling bundles of potential and nothing more.
"I know that you're not really Soo-Lin Yao, whose level of augmentation was negligible at best." Constable Odo looked at Sherlock. "But that didn't eliminate Commander Holmes. I needed to see what you would both do when presented with an opportunity."
He looked at the others, but he guessed their hearing wasn't as good as his. He figured he might as well get it out there, "Do you think I'm a snitch?" Connor had read a good deal of youth literature from Earth and Andor. He knew what a snitch was.
"No, they really weren't," said Billy very firmly. "People seemed to think that because they were one of the Khans, they had to be an alpha, but according to Mum, more than half of the reason Brittanus was so pissed off when they came to power, was because of what they went through during their juvenile heat, um…" he waved vaguely, "I mean, the British Augments were all still teenagers when they took over England. I saw Mum's pictures of grandfather. He was younger than I am now. Actually, I don't think any of the Khans were all that old."
Garak put down a case. "Oh, I wouldn't be concerned. You've driven off all the competition so far and very efficiently. And once your doctor friend sees you in these new clothes, I'm certain he'll only have one thing on his mind." He opened his case. "Speaking of which, strip please. I'll need to do a final fitting." He laid out the red silk robe. "I assure you my interest is purely professional. I want to make sure you have the best fit possible."
"The timeline had been restored," said the Guardian. "I have returned you to the moment that you left."
It had only taken him four weeks after Sherlock knocked him up, but John finally made it to sickbay.
Erickson, the historian that they were ostensibly escorting through the ruin, said, "But why, the benefits of being able to record events from any era on any world far outweigh the risks."
It might have been over ninety years ago, but the place had made an impression on her. There was the creepy as fuck panopticon design, which made security this passive watch from above shite. She'd actually heard the first warden, Simon Van Gelder, describe how they had cameras practically everywhere and controlled the population without ever going down below. They controlled the very air everyone breathed.
So it was her first day back on the Bakerstreet, Bihr documented the modifications and saved it in her private records with a local coy on her pad. Over dinner, Kehl looked at her fondly and Ishros squeezed her hand. Bihr stopped waving her fork. "What?"
Dionysus laughed. "I'll ask Ganymede for forgiveness, for it was I who suggested kidnapping him and so set in motion the events that doomed his city, doomed us to leave. But I'll ask for none from you, who journeyed here of your own will knowing the wilderness is wild."
Garak insisted on delivering his clothing order in person to Sherlock's assigned quarters. Garak looked around the room. "I'd have expected to see your good doctor here."
They drifted towards Sherlock and said in a sing song voice that John had certain was pretty well engraved in his memory. Euros. "Sorry, about your sehlat."
Sherlock smiled. "A privateer never reveals his resources. He holds them close. Only leaving the dead bodies of those who would tell the tale as a warning to those who follow."
Unfortunately, word about how John had kept himself busy at the academy, Sherlock had to drive off seven separate offers by various species for John to visit the holosuite with them. There was an offer by the Ferengi owner of the largest bar on DS9 for John to get one – no three – no five – free visits if he would endorse the quality of entertainment in his holosuites.
"You don't think that…" Chin glanced at Billy, "our new ally has perhaps misunderstood my parents' objectives."
As the number of cubes increased, there was the obvious answer of breaking things off with an Augment who had a magic cock, but John told himself that hadn't worked in the past and he should just shove that idea out an airlock. Right out.
At John's look, she said, "After a performance, I need it. You wouldn't know anything about the emotional rigors of performance. First you had a melt down and now you're a Starfleet golden boy. You don't know anything about what I need."
Sherlock growled to let the alpha know she shouldn't approach his mate. To stay where she was and die. John rapped the ground with the butt of a spear to let the alpha know that he agreed with Sherlock.
Which at least meant that John could earn his presence. "Triolic energy is deadly to Human tissue, but shouldn't be able to penetrate the shields as long as we don’t linger."
Before the conversation could go further in that direction, Billy said, slowly, as if placing heavy stones, "The large Augment population on Beta Augurae, on the planet far away from Earth with its architecture that owes nothing to the Federation, is that where the Khans ended up? That and the descendants they decide have enough level of augmentation to hold onto? And who else? I've seen the images of the cities. Either millions of Augments have been kidnapped or… what is going on?"
"Interesting," said a voice like cultured leather. John turned and found himself looking up at a tall bronzed alpha, wearing tight leather pants that left nothing to the imagination. Not that the open vest that exposed a well-muscled chest and abs was hiding much either. The alpha's thick ornate gold ring left it very clear what gender he wished to be referred to. Not that there were many doubts about Khan Noonian Singh, but the old pictures did not do justice to his father-in-law's raw magnetism.
While some part of Sherlock eased on waking with John nesting in his bed in his quarters, a place they had never spent any time before, with full consciousness that part would tighten again knowing the cost was too high.
At least it explained the presence of so many DS9 personnel on Earth. Sisko, as it turned out, had been invited by Hudson to officiate the ceremony. He spoke about love and time. How one was enriched by the other. Quoted a time traveling Bajoran poet he'd recently met and Shakespeare.
John had woken up alone. His husband's scent lingering in the sheets. John did not wank off to the scent. He took a quick shower for once and headed to sickbay for his shift.
"Absolutely be gentle," John had a sudden thought, "but if this someone isn't interested, you need to leave her alone."
And a couple more chapters to go in this particular story (not sure why the count was off), but I didn't want to hold onto this one now that we've reached this point.
"Oh, the Prince's favorite pet like's real things," said another of the servitors. "Food grown in the ground. Real meat from an animal, not vat grown or replicated. It's the reason the palace is under such a large force shield. It's not because the Prince worries about being attacked, it's because he ordered gardens and orchards be built to give his favorite and their offspring all the real things they desire." The shen held up a green bin. "And when the human assigned to this office eats, whatever this is," her antennae curled away from the sharp spicy scent, "we gather it to feed the gardens."
They were halfway to Earth when the Defiant's chief engineer came to John in some distress. "Please, you've got to do something about Commander Holmes. He's started talking about upgrading the engine." She shook her head. "Our engine doesn't need an upgrade. I don't understand half of what he and Lieutenant Yao are saying."
Littler than he'd been when he'd come to the Bakerstreet. They might even forget him. The thought made Connor's belly feel rumblier.
Sherlock could smell what was wrong as soon as he crawled inside the nest, which now stank of the Alpha's piss and shit. Released in death when the arrow launcher slammed dozens of arrows into his face and neck. Blood. There was a lot of blood too.
"Tell that to Veaker." Killander drank some tea. "I knew the Breen have some connection to Captain Holmes. I'm sure of that if I'm sure of anything. I knew if there were problems with a mining facility in such a prime location that they would come sniffing for an opportunity for the Breen to move in. I knew if there were a mystery that the Bakerstreet wouldn't be far behind."
"So, I've seen. But unless he's actively telepathic," Benjamin paused, "he's not is he? Because sometimes it's hard to tell. Never mind. It doesn't matter." He picked up his cup and took a sip. "It sounds as if you need to tell him."
"I said I would get sick if I didn't get to sickbay," said John, who decided the floor was a very good place to be right then. Sweat beaded on his forehead as he curled up as tightly as he could in a futile attempt to tell the cramps twisting his guts to fuck off. This would have to happen while he wearing only his robe while his clothes dried.
John stepped back from the sound of footsteps in the tunnel and wished – again – that the replicator in their quarters could produce a phaser, but he only ever thought of the problem in situations like this. When it wasn't possible to go to the armory and get one.
"Breathe is boring." Sherlock felt wild. The bite marks on his neck already healing. Already needing to be broken again. "Fantastic. The best of birthdays." Of course he knew that several days had passed and that something was horribly wrong with his crew. But in that moment, he felt perfectly happy.
John had enough time to think, "How does he know about Killander?" when Soo-Lin said, "Please, there are people trapped with these creatures. One of the creatures is injured. It needs Doctor Watson's help."
Several Augments came in. Gave startled glances at him with his very wrong scent. John felt an alien to himself. Large. Even though his size hadn't change. Clumsy with a shift in his center of gravity. Prickling angry over a yawning pit of worry. As in love as he'd ever been. Because if he had to feel ever so slightly alien to himself for nine months, if perhaps the answer was for Sherlock to grow tiny combinations of them then there it was.
"Just doing what doctor's do," said John, leaning back, smudging grey marks on his black fatigue trousers.
She slipped past him. "We're in a bit of a sticky situation. Nothing we cannot reason our way out of, but a wicket that is sticky never the less." Confusion radiated out of him and she had one of those moments where she missed the easy communication of her people. The rapid wordless exchange of concepts and ideas.
Ishros, her sweet Ishros, rose from a shadow to say, "Of course. Do you doubt the heroic soul whose thunderous will toppled the Khanate stronghold in London? She is the reason that the Khan himself retreated to his floating palace to cower in fear."
Sherlock looked away. Profile pale and set. "I thought about it on planet. Doing it again. But I saved Chin Singh from her injuries. Another choice might not have that result, or another could have resulted in my retaining my memories. Growing up with my siblings. Avoiding the damage to my mind."
John shot Harry a glance, but she wasn't looking at Clara at all. So much for Mum's hope that she and Clara would patch things up.
"As if we would ever. We've merely made an offer to a colony with a decreasing population – young Humans just not into mining as they were – that has recently opened up a rich new vein for exploration."
Moriarty said, "When I saw the Bakerstreet arrive just as I was ready to leave DS9, I knew that like destined lovers, we were drawn together for a good fucking time. I was hoping to cause a diplomatic incident, and I still could. Starfleet ship equipped with an illegal cloaking device. I know you got it working Supertart, you saucy minx." He winked at Supersmart.
After what had happened after she'd given birth to Eva, she'd always taken care to have John be her doctor. Not easy on a ship this size, but she'd managed. She'd managed to avoid him at social functions with Hunter. She'd managed.
He was a doctor. He was a soldier. Was he a carrier? Or a killer? It was John who was a carrier of the killing gene.
John wasn't even really sure where to go with that one. Especially given the strop Sherlock had pulled the previous day on realizing that anything he wanted to make would have to be done with stone knives and the equivalent of bear skin.
"One conflict? You had your part to play in the fall of Troy. We all did. We took sides and look what happened? Will you strangle them in the crib to only learn what you have to teach, and no more?"
"Yours is the least failure, Lieutenant. Go rest," said Sherlock, who knew that he should have stopped what had happened and saved John from this pain.
He sat back down at his desk and listened to the lesson. It was difficult work. Everyone in the class was really smart. But not impossible.
Pavan reached across Veema and changed the display. This cave painting was much cruder. The same star maps, but simpler. Something that could have been Atavachron. Something that could have been the Bakerstreet if John squinted. An image that had been defaced. Then two distinctly different hand prints in black and ochre. Around them were at least a dozen smaller hand prints in different colors.
He wasn't sure why Sherlock was pushing the point. Probably trying to give John an out in case he punked out yet again. But to let him know that he heard him, John said, "I'll go back to the shuttle if anything strange happens. Donovan and Sh'Alaack will be there." From what he understood, given the level of interference from the dome, it would take more power than a com unit to contact the ship.
John asked, "Is the winter bad here?" He looked around the valley. It seemed pleasant enough, but they were in the mountains. The weather might change suddenly for all he knew.
Sherlock scented John before he saw him. Willed him to go away. To stay safe. But he wouldn't be John if he did.
An ordinary being who had transformed Sherlock into an omega with a touch of his hand. While Apollo had merely snapped his fingers to change John.
He was looking at Billy. He hadn't even looked at Lucy. She kept her arms around Eva to keep her calm. She wanted to do something. Anything. But the best thing she could do was keep Eva calm as possible. The Ferengi thought Lucy was a child. They needed to keep thinking Lucy was a child.
"Your parents have agreed to give us the pleasure of their performance of Lear this afternoon, before you take them away from us," said Sholto. He looked worn. Still marked with scars from when his ship had been destroyed at the battle of Wolf 359. His eyes darted between John and John's father. "I'm looking forward to it."
John slapped his com. "Bakerstreet, beam us up. Bakerstreet." A futile attempt. The Bakerstreet didn't answer.
Sherlock picked up the box to take back to their room. Firmly. Carefully. Just as firmly took John's hand, the one with the wedding ring, and kissed it. "We'll figure something out."
Connor didn't say, "We were tortured for your crimes." He didn't say it. He wanted to, but he didn't. Because it wasn't really true. Colonel Green would have picked someone. Anyone to bully and torture. It was what bad people did. He did say, "Why? Are you going to do something? Are the Breen going to do something that would make people in the Federation mad?"
In a fit of perverse annoyance, John replicated flannel jim jams in bright blue with small cartoon ducks on them. He glared at Sherlock with his arms crossed. Sherlock turned bright red. The flush clear on his cheeks.
It was just like Sherlock to try to help him like this, but sex with Sherlock while knowing he was in love with him was one thing. Getting married was entirely another. He couldn't put Sherlock through something like that. What if it got in the way of his career? What if Sherlock fell in love with someone else? What if John fell out of love? Was this the perfect fit his parent's had had? Minus the secrets.
Grandfather said gently, "We first generation cannot produce children easily and even then, mechanical assistance was necessary." He looked away.
Martha's professional pride was stung. She might no longer be a member of Section 31, but she had spent the better part of forty years on missions at the highest level of classification.
"I found out..." John was going to see this through, "I don't know if you've ever heard of it. I never had, but he was the commander at a colony where there was some sort of fungal plague that destroyed all their food. They were out of supplies so he..." John looked down at his cup, breathed in heat and spice, "he executed half the colony so there'd be enough supplies for the rest of... I don't understand how anyone could do that. My father. And I never even saw it. Sherlock saw it. He warned me. He tried to tell me. How could I not see it? And my sister, my twin, she was killing people to cover it up. Shot our father by accident. Maybe if I'd been there, I could have stopped it. Sherlock doesn't think so, but maybe if I'd gone home more, or never left, I could have kept her from falling into... the dark."
Connor would miss hearing about all the ways they could explore the universe from a lab. It had sounded nice. Connor would miss that when he had to leave.
She also got her first good look at John in months. Retching over a cliff, felt tunics, and candlelight wasn't the best way to see someone. As the only two who had not miscarried, she'd have expected their progress to be similar, but he looked months further along.
"Say, yes." Sherlock was aware looming over the person he was asking to marry him was non-traditional, but he found himself unable to do anything else. "We already know we're extremely sexually compatible." He dared to place his hand over where John's scar had been before Sherlock had come so very many times on it and smoothed scars away.
It was hard after the miscarriage. Especially as the life growing inside Mollyhoo made itself more and more evident. She was also fairly certain that all the other omegas were breeding again. Whatever it was Sherlock had done, it had been permanent, which was more than a bit horrifying. Birth control wasn't something she was sure she could reinvent, but they'd need it unless they wanted biology to take over. Birth control by miscarriage wasn't… it wasn't a plan.
"Of whether I'm going to, as you so quaintly put it, fuck you or not? Oh, that will happen," drawled Victor.
He wasn't expecting to see Euros, fully grown up. Approximately his own age if it came to it. Although, the expression in her eyes was older. Much older. Next to her was Trelane looking much the same as he had the last time he'd kidnapped the crew. He didn't expect Euros' hug or for her to say, "I've missed you so much and I ran out of soft points when I could see you."
She giggled. "I like you. You're silly." She skipped her way through the opening. "Mummy, I'm the Ice Queen."
"It was not my decision," said Apollo. "My father, Zeus, he decided that we were doing more harm than good and decreed that we must leave. But I have waited for you, all these years. While the others spread thin on the wind, until all that was left was wind, I held on, certain that you would come."
Sherlock was a very pretty alpha. Not that she would ever love anyone more than she did Sarabeth, but no one expected monogamy from an alpha. It wasn't in their nature. Mollyhoo had read medical studies smuggled in from the Confederation.
He was contemplating how best to murder the flunky and leave, when a vaguely familiar looking alpha woman came into the room. She said, "Vashatet, your alignment has overstepped its authority."
Connor flushed bright red. "I was…" he shrugged. "It was a feeling. The creature was behaving… It didn't want you to drop it."
John said, "He's been non-responsive since I got here. I gave him three ccs of antripan and two ccs of pheladrohol to counteract the nerve agent in the creature's toxin. I believe he has significant brain damage from psychic manipulation of his amygdala, which explains his…"
"You may not believe me, Sherlock," said Mummy, "but I love you and everything I have done has been to ensure your survival. And… given the nature of your conversation before you went into the past, if you wish to use the uterine replicators," they smiled softly, "then speak to John about staying. You would be more than welcome to come home. Or don't, and know that we're here. But you should know that your husband is currently,"
Sh'Alaack had brokenly told Sherlock, "Sir, I thought if I guarded over the Ambassador, I would be able to prevent anything occurring. I would see the truth in the plays." She had managed to convince the engineers pressed into lighting and sound duty that she had been sent to help them. "I thought…" Sh'Alaack shook her head, "But when they began the play about one of Andor's greatest heroes, and that monster was to play him, it was all I could do to restrain myself to disruption. I should have cast the theater area into darkness."
Since that was probably the only way to keep Sherlock from throwing the greatest wobbly in the history of wobblies if told he couldn't join in, he agreed.
In her day dreams, both she and Sherlock were minor cogs away while Victor gripped the burden of rule with both hands.
Sometimes his husband didn't reach for a toy. Sometimes he stroked John's cunt with his fingers. Sometimes he crouched with his full lips around John's cock sucking on the head while stroking John's cunt and anus with both hands, because his husband was a genius and ambidextrous and loved him very much. Those times John spent the entire time whispering, "Love you. Love you. Love you."
Sherlock was about to ask one of his pre-prepared questions, when Elise said, "You mentioned that you were captured by Colonel Green when you went to the past."
There was nowhere to escape to. Chin hadn't come to save him. The Bakerstreet and its relative safety were gone.
Not that they spoke much to each other. They'd maintained a polite distance after Euros had proved such a… disastrous attempt to meet the other Alignment's requests for certain additions to the genome. But relations between the Khans had eased now that their new ally gave them a renewed focus on their long term project. Mycroft was no longer reduced to shuttling messages between the lot of them.
While the holographic teacher finished the older children's lesson on history of the Federation, she sat next to the younger children who were getting a writing lesson from Ishros.
Thankfully, keeping him segregated from any alphas on Beta Aurigae had been the simple part. Grandfather Grendel had taken care of everything. And if sometimes, Billy wished he was back on the Bakerstreet, rationally, he knew they couldn't have expended as many resources caring for Connor, who in between outbursts had been so worried that his friends would know. Judge him.
"Not goin' walk off all by its lonesome," said Gremel. "Never met a piece a tech that did that." His heart rate was up, but that could have meant anything. She wished Mycroft were there to get a read on his manner. She wished she was back in a lab quietly working on scientific matters.
It had made John think at the time about a story his father used to tell about a magic pig that could be harvested every night for its meat and it would revive the next day. Harry had loved the idea of endless bacon. But his father, always so quiet and serious when not on the stage, had pointed out that the pig had to endure the endless harvest. That it seemed easy to make a choice if the cost was someone else’s life. That hard choices could be incredibly seductive, but they ate at a soul. They were sort of thing that left scars.
"We've made enough improvements to the Bakerstreet that her useable lifespan is a bit longer than the original ten years."
"Sherlock. When he woke from his coma, he insisted on being called by his second name." Mycroft looked at his own gloved hands. "By some unexpected coincidence he broke free of his routine today. But rather than taking the most dangerous possible route in a race." At the other end of the valley, the first of the other runners came through the Sunrise gate. "Instead of continuing his latest set of experiments in the palace where Mummy thought to keep him safe, he found the flaw I left for him, slipped through the defenses and ran away."
Unfortunately, Nom was the one selected to get them down to sickbay, and the paranoid little prick, after giving Sherlock a shock or three from the shackles, had no intention of going down the ladder in the Jeffries tube to go there.  "If I am below you, you will drop on me, but if you are below me, you will attempt to escape through your greater knowledge of this ship. Better to lock you in a convenient room. If the boy lives, greater profits. If he dies, I will kill the father and live to profit another day."
But there was one more avenue of research John could follow, and he was out of ideas as to what caused Sherlock's particular presentation of augmentation, and there was as close to an original augment as he could find right on board ship.
Mollyhoo really wished that bloodwork analysis wasn't beyond her. She really wanted to know what was going on.
He didn't know why he said what he said next. "Be careful. You knew Moriarty on the Bakerstreet. You know how much trouble he caused. He thinks solid lifeforms are beneath him. He's not to be trusted."
There was the Tale of Teleros the Tellerite, a gastronomic comedy. His mum was droll as Teleros. His father was wry as the new neighbor. His cousins made pratfalls across the stage until the final scene where the dinner was saved. Everything ending in laughter.
Sherlock didn't go to his memory palace anymore. He didn't want to hear from Mummy or the others. He knew Victorious told him to be logical. Mummy and his Fathers and Mycroft had just been using him. Had never loved and cared for him the way Victorious did.
Sherlock wasn't asleep. He was examining John's framed posters of the Watson troupe productions. Watsons present Hamlet. Watsons present the Logical Epigrams – Surak – a Life. Watsons sing the song of Thasilar the Last.
They ate in silence for a long time. Watching the sunset turn the mountains gold and pink. Purple deepening into black and the stars came out. Pretty in a different way than in the observation deck back home.
A good portion of the crew beamed down to Bencia. No wanted to have a party in the cargo bay. Khatri did most of the organizing.
They finished their meal. Unmattered the dishes. Got rid of the onions. Laid down in their climate controlled room on a mattress that had been replicated to John's specifications, because Sherlock didn't care as long as he was near John. The lights of the stars blurred past the window while they lay in the dark holding each other and pretending to sleep.
"Tomorrow, we'll find out what the child knows. I'll give you the night to think about that," said Killander in what he probably thought was an intimidating tone.
Grandfather's doting smile was genuine. Rueful. "They'll love you. When the doctors think you won't have a relapse, I'll arrange for you to get into correct grade level. But it won't be much larger than what you're used to. There's only a little more than a hundred children in the Blue Zone School."
She thought about that as she waited for word if John, Hudson, or the crew on the planet had made their escape.
"That's extremely observant, John," said Sherlock with that weird fake smile thing he sometimes did. He was also halfway across the room from John, which wasn't like him.
"Yes, father." Sestre ceased examining the door frame and reviewed his former room. No doubt to determine if he'd left anything there. They'd packed the previous day.
"Then do you have a point?" asked Sherlock. He wished John were there to keep him steady. But no, John was better far from this discussion.
He could see where Lucy was engaged in a similar discussion with Eva across the waiting area. Then their transport boarding call occurred and it was time to depart.
If he and John could not travel back in time through the Breen time machine to assist the children he'd left behind, Sherlock would find another way. John rubbed his shoulder affectionately. Sherlock did not need to look to know that John's face was full of affection.
But Sherlock was more interested in the earlier remark. "What do you mean the last week?" Sherlock looked John over. He did look calmer. Sharper. Closer to his normal self.
It had taken Sherlock some time to locate a historian from a university willing to propose the journey and with the political clout to be able to request a Starship to escort his team through the Federation mine field around this world.
Given Benjamin Finney is not so much a centenarian than a 120/30ian, him being alive is unlikely, but hey it's the future.
Soft beeps from the shuttle. The whir from the engine. The shifting sounds of the supplies being transferred down to the colony. Several chairs had been removed to make way for stacks of lashed down crates. They were full of larger items that couldn't be replicated inside the facility below, because there weren't facilities for a large scale replicator. Smaller boxes held infra-sensory drugs for the asylum that couldn't be replicated.
John just laughed. "Yeah, it sounds easy, but," he leaned over and his lips touched Sherlock's. John's lips. Not in heat. Not thinking he was kissing a simulacrum. John kissing Sherlock.
As he passed the daycare, Billy darted out to approach him. John saw his expression as if through a fog. "John, I don't think you should go." He looked around. "I don't think any of you should go."
Which meant Sherlock had to walk all the way across the cave and deal with the problem. Perhaps emboldened by the presence of so many omegas, more likely always her plan, but she slashed at him with a stone knife that she'd hidden somewhere. The edge sliced down over his chest, cutting deep. Whatever she'd been before she lost her memories, she'd had training to fight once. Memories that went below thought and into the memory of muscle.
She opened communications with engineering. "Sh'Alaack, I want you to scan every inch of that planet looking for where the energy isn't. Process of elimination, we'll find what's giving these so called gods their power. Also, I need you to send a tech to the nuclear electrical lab and work on an M-wave transmitter. That should be able to punch through to the surface so we can contact our crewmates."
"Willfully, perhaps," said Grendel. He muttered under his breath, "As soon get in bed with a snake." Then louder, "It means that despite the other Alignments very strong request that you remain here, we can reach a separate compromise."
"Yes, and yes. She is due to be released from sickbay, but will require further rest." Karidian's heart rate remained the same. Elise's calmed. Sherlock reminded himself that they were both excellent actors. Although, not necessarily engineers. His analysis of the accident that had resulted in Sh'Alaack's injury had been inconclusive. A fail safe had been disengaged, and another system had been triggered. In any other circumstance, he'd have considered it an accident that required a redesign of the system in question, and not sabotage.
He thought he might have figured out why everyone was acting like that with him when Ms. Melusine had him come to the front of the class to introduce him. Ms. Melusine was an original omega Augment from Earth like Grandfather, but from a different creche. She was shorter and more muscular. She smelled like lavender and sage. Her long silver hair was braided into a crown. Grandfather said that she'd ruled France and parts of Germany when Brittanus controlled Europe.
Not-Sherlock nodded. "Yes, yes. I just… Always a mistake to forecast might have beens. Probabilities, but Trois Primus, I depend on you to be…you're all that I have left of them. Do you understand? I can't lose any more of you."
She straightened the spanner again. Sherlock was careful to remain very still. To allow no movement to interrupt the flow of her story.
"The Breen have their own concerns, which it would seem we can neither resolve." Grandfather moved around the small table to sit next to Connor, something he couldn't have done for over a year. "Nor can they resolve our issues."
John stirred next to him and said something. It was nonsense, but it was something. "I've been trying your father's recipe for Crawfish Étouffée, but I can't quite make it work."
Sherlock sat near John by the fire, while the Mollyhoo fairly efficiently dissected the creature. Medical training with cadavers. Even without her comments, the Y shape of her cut on the creature's belly could not have been more indicative.
"Warranted by my genius," corrected Sherlock. "Although, is it genius if everyone else is an idiot?"
John came groggily awake. There were stabbing pains behind his left eyeball. Dry mouth. The feeling that a tribble had taken up residence in his stomach and a cold metal floor beneath his cheek.
He could see when the landing party appeared. When John appeared holding a tricorder and a phaser. Standing next to him were Hudson, Washington, Cho, and oddly enough, himself.
John rubbed the side of his face. A baby rattlesnake. In the past, when he'd ovulated, it had been one at a time. Hell, since he'd started nuking his ovaries every day, when the universe decided to fuck with his suppressants, he'd managed to keep the accidents down to a reasonable two or three. This time, it had felt like an explosion every single fucking time, and he and Sherlock had fucked non-stop for three fucking days. He had a feeling that he and Sherlock had gone for a new high order magnitude number of fertilized cytoblasts currently floating their merry fucking way down his fallopian tubes to his uterus.
"But," smiled the omega, "we woke up wearing matching collars." They pressed a kiss to his lips and said something that blew all other ideas out of his mind. "I think we're married."
Lucy sighed, "I know. I worry sometimes that I'm somehow making her clingy by always going to her when she gets upset."
John had a point and he was sticking to it. "I fucked Tadpole when I was this age. He put his knot in me and came inside me."
"Show me." Sherlock's smile was infectious. Full of delight. Like a sparkling sea. "I want to see them."
"Who? Oh! I see. William Sherlock Scott. Sherlock. The middle. The heart. A Sherlock would be much nicer than a William any day." She tilted her head right and left, as if scenting the air. "He's very sad right now."
Now every time she saw Billy's grandfather, Grendel, speaking with one of the others who sought connections with distant descendants – she wondered if she should say something to Grendel. Mother surely knew. Mycroft kept nothing from them.
John groaned. "I hated being a teenager." He'd gone from being a happy outgoing kid to a teen dragging his family down a rabbit hole of family drama, screaming matches, and eventually landing him at a parochial school to give him some stability.
Billy lowered his voice. "You should all take the shuttle and go as far away from here as you can. We could..." he looked nervously around the hallway, "We could go with you." Billy said even more quietly. "They've turned on us before."
John gave an aggrieved sigh. He took the cup from them and tapped Sherlock's chest. "Magic." He put his hand on Mollyhoo's belly. "Magic cock." He put his hand back on Sherlock's chest. "Magic." He put his hand on Sarabeth's belly. "Magic cock." He raised his eyebrows. "Babies.
Sherlock and John actually left the cave system and returned with another alpha, who'd been caught in the pit.
Mollyhoo waved her arms at Vesha. "If he'd wanted her dead, she'd be dead. John's an excellent shot."
Actually, she made him think a little bit of Captain Holmes, which… he didn't make sense. Ms. Yao had hurt Mum's feelings and Captain Holmes would never hurt them. Connor was supposed to run to Captain Holmes if there was trouble.
"Please, Master, if I've pleased you, may I be allowed to suck your cock? Please, I love sucking your cock. Please master, may I?"
Sherlock didn't repeat his lie about being an agent. Instead he said, "When you've eliminated all other possibilities, you'll find that whatever remains, however improbable, is the truth." He didn't linger. He could trust Mycroft at least to ensure Chin got the care she needed.
Pavan crossed their arms. "You are ignoring the secondary site, as most Alignments do." Many of the Breen whispered to each other, but John wasn't Sherlock to make out their words.
"That," Mollyhoo considered the situation from every angle. It wasn't ideal. John, as the only omega from his crèche was therefore his own matriarch, and wasn't that an odd idea. A matriarch that was still having active estrus cycles. Then again the things John and Sherlock said were often very strange and made no sense, but, "it could work. With proximity to alpha pheromones and the periodic exposure to alpha hormones in semen, proper vaginal stimulation through distension of the posterior vagina, which we could use some of the bladders to trigger a pseudo ovular response since there's so many of us and only one alpha, that would shorten the estrus cycle, and lengthen the periods between estrus. During estrus our instinct will be to…"
John wiped his mouth and didn't have to try hard to look pathetic. Vomiting was like that. "Please, I just need my medicine."
Jacqui gave a hollow laugh. "Some of the inmates think he haunts the place. He died here not long after the facility went into use."
"There were two other sleeper ships that left Earth on headings that only I know." Brittanus had built those ships. They had been the only one to believe that they could not hold what they had taken. Of all the Khans, only two sometimes enemies had trusted Brittanus enough to accept the offer. A fortunate two it would seem.
Sarabeth said, "But that makes no sense, love. I've seen plenty of pregnant omegas walking around. Interacting with alpha. That's just old fashioned thinking."
"Yeah, well, I've met the pervy love of my life, and it's the sort thing you'd do before getting me off, which I may have observed that you really enjoy doing."
Even more of an ache was the thought that if he didn't remember her, how had Sherlock known to go back in time to save her life.
John didn't want to keep asking. He wanted to let all this slide into nothing, but he kept thinking if he'd just believed Sherlock. Confronted his father. Didn't even know what to think. "And now that you know? Could you…" Turn him in? Love a killer?
He headed for the lift doors and then paused. "John, why aren't you following me?" He glared at John. "Of course you're supposed to follow me. We can take their statements from the monitor in our quarters."
"Doctor Watson is always up to the task," said Martha firmly. It seemed to have been the right thing to say. But after weeks of paying attention, blind to everyone's thoughts, it appeared she'd rediscovered the knack for saying the right thing, because John nodded, looking very fierce.
"We were artists. Journalists," said Marida. "Do you want us to write cutting articles about their sartorial style? How about a series of sculptures I could call it gender politics? Maybe sing a song?"
Bihr laughed. "They're all completely different. A little like each of us. None of us." She gestured at the air. The stone wall. At shadows. "Is John Watson like Harry Watson. Like…" she couldn't say the name, "either of their parents. How about you and your sibling?" She was vaguely aware that Holmes had a brother he cursed about every now and then. "Are you like your parents?"
"That," John looked down, "makes a weird sort of sense." He nodded. "We'll talk later. There's um…" he waved at himself, still wearing a cleaner version of his Hogwarts robes to conceal what he'd rather not have everyone focus on, "something I need to do." Not that the robes had stopped Sherlock from looking at him stricken when he'd come with the news that he had the cure for sudden onset teens. There was a cure, so John needed to clean house.
John lobbed an arrow from his atlatl at the brute. Wondering if the agro he was feeling came from time dilation or was his native personality, or if there was a difference.
She smiled. "Mummy has such wonderful stories. I wanted Daddy to have… something. The second place I went to specialized in connecting Augments with their relatives. Most of it's shite. But, a lot of Augments enter their entire family trees. Famous relatives. Infamous ones. I was two percent matched with a second cousin, which led me to a first."
Lucy sighed and led a round of toasts. Sisko gave a speech about the bonds of friendship while looking dubiously at the surroundings.
Sestre and the other children were instructed to play on the other side of the room. As if Sestre and Conner were little kids. Sestre wanted to be a part of the discussions. To share his observations. He and Connor should not be grouped in with the little ones.
"I remember your adolescent crush was an android," said Sherlock in a somewhat strangled tone of voice.
"Great Mother, not to impugn your intelligence, but you arrived through a time machine," said Veema slowly. "When you came through the portal this time, you arrived at the beginning of the ceremony. We finished it. Cared for you. Then weeks later, your shuttlecraft crashed about," they checked a chronometer on the wall, "two hours ago." They smiled brightly.
Bihr almost pitied Watson for what he had not understood in that moment. She had been sinking beneath the weight of what Lestrade was saying as an ice runner sinks beneath a frozen lake. "They don't propose to rescue them," she said quietly.
"I'm sorry, Commander Hudson, but we just can't find the source of the energy. It's as if the entire planet is suffused with it, but there's no clear source," said Winters giving off waves of worried thoughts.
He might be stuck in this post for now, but that wouldn't be for long. It was his duty to do something about the danger facing the Federation. It was what Section 31 existed to do.
"You saved him and didn't kill him," said Billy. "But that doesn't make any sense. He should be in his twenties if you'd just pulled him out of cryo sleep a few years ago."
There was no way to analyze the cure if John didn't have the computer. Nothing he could even connect to the Bakerstreet, and there simply wasn't time to start his research over again.
"You fornicating slut!" declaimed Owen waving his hands around. "Whore! Wench! A stainful shame on the Tregennis name! How I will face your grandmother with the dishonor of knowing her grandson is nothing but a shameless fornicating hussy." There was a great deal of hand waving from Owen.
John didn't even know what to think as Sherlock rapid fire brought everyone up to speed and Harry led them just as quickly up a twisting route to a turbo lift.
"Pff," said Victorius. "They can't fight too much, because we're here." He jumped up and swung idly on a bar.
Sherlock waited in John's office. Twisting and fidgeting in John's chair. Arms wrapped around his body, to keep his explosion in. John swallowed, because this was on him. Really it was. "So, um…," he fell back on his background. "As you know during the process of invasion or attachment, the villa from the blastocysts penetrate the uterine wall so that they can feed off the um… mother's. So they can feed. Ovum that cannot form this connection are reabsorbed by the body."
Sherlock cleared his borrowed throat. "I would like some water and…" he glanced down at the glowing bonds, "to sit up."
He didn't know that he trusted Soo-Lin, or even that her real name was Chin Singh. Her face had changed, even her eye color turned out to be different than what it had been on the ship, but that didn't alter her scent. It didn't change the comfort he felt when he was around her. The longing he felt despite his anger. She'd begged him not to ask her about why she'd killed his grandfather while he slept. She'd kissed him and… Billy needed to find Connor and he needed to be sure that security wouldn't take Connor away afterwards. That was all that mattered.
Course, there was the whole problem of explaining just why he was suddenly fine. There was the whole problem of feeling like shite cooking in the hot sun of an alien world that considered him a perversion of sacred soil.
Sherlock wanted to ask, "What if one of them survives this process? Have you felt like this when we've bred? As if you were creating a thread into the future and the past. Do you think Mummy felt like this? Are you frightened that they won't survive? Do you worry I'll fail?"
Bihr wavered with her welder in her hand, unsure of what to do with it. She'd had basic training years ago, but she had no skills with a knife. The welder wasn't meant to be a distance weapon, or a weapon at all. It was a tool.
Bihr resumed explaining the systems that she'd been documenting. That night she dreamed of warp cores.
Bihr had beamed back up to the Bakerstreet earlier that morning from the transporter station off of Freedom Plaza. It was only a few tunnel intersections from where her family was staying while visiting the various family members who had come into the capital.
He brainstormed a few treatments with Doctor Bashir and Dax. Met Dax's new flirtation, Lieutenant Worf, the only Klingon in Starfleet. Worf solemnly told him that he'd once been paralyzed, but he'd recovered. Which since John didn't have a backup nervous system, he wasn't sure how that helped.
"No, we don't mean," Mollyhoo trailed off. "This is so embarrassing. I never knew the matriarchs had to, well, they don't generally face situations like this." Mollyhoo glanced at Sarabeth, her scent sharp with worry. "It was terrible last year. We had hardly any supplies and… um…" she buried her blushing face in her hands. "Well, Toby has a friend in the next valley. It's really just us. And umm… it would be nice if we could be friends with Sherlock," she mumbled through her hands. "I don't think anyone has any STDs if that helps."
"He didn't make it," said Sherlock, who was sitting next to him. Looking at the coral reef wreck of him. Full fathoms five.
alignment has made their perspective very clear through several wars. Our current compact is that they are our ancestors too. Just as we are all Breen. Their diversity lends us strength."
Unfortunately, room 101 wasn't empty. Kara was there. She tapped the device on her wrist, knocking John and Washington to the ground in agony. John gritted his teeth and operated the tricorder. Sherlock's body careened into her, knocking her over. Sherlock's voice on his chest said, "Remember, the green button on the bracelet will release the belts."
Some portion of his mind catalogued the effects of an anti-anxiety med. Probably a sub-set of the Clonadizapam family given the halo effect. He really ought to be panicking, but the infa-sensory drug, probably Dalistaline, was suppressing that response.
It was only later, nursing a coffee or three with Stamford, Benjamin, and anyone else too tired to sleep, that he realized that he'd been those kids once.
Not-Sherlock crushed his face against John's chest. "Oh, that was so dangerous. You could have been killed and then there would I be? I was so upset. You know that I can't always control myself. That's what you do. You leash me." Not-Sherlock peppered John's collar bone with kisses. "I should have trusted you had a plan."
Sestre turned a red eyed and teary face up at them. "No, Father. Don't shoot. The Horta, it's a Horta. She's in pain. So much pain. She didn't intend to hurt anyone. Her mother told her to stay away from the humans, but when she found at that there were unhatched eggs being kept by the colonists, she wanted to help. She… she… she's in so much pain! Please, Father! We have to help!"
Well, except the earful he got from Yao for upsetting Billy, which was about what he felt like he deserved.
He arranged for Billy and Connor to stay with Shroleb and the twins. Khatri came over and made soup. When he left, Connor was very gravely playing with toys far too young for him with the older twins on the floor.
"I am the Captain. I have a responsibility to check on our guest." Sherlock's body, Wilkes, came closer.
She went through the twisting turns up into a small gallery off a side chamber where there was a screen that listed those who had died on this run over the years. She found Mshindi Victorius Augustus quickly enough. She pressed her fingers to the screen. "From hell's heart, I'll spit in her eye," she promised him. But she couldn't find William Sherlock Scott. Not searching. Not scrolling.
They closed the entrance to the cave with the bricks Sherlock had shown them how to make. With the door he and John had shown them how to make. He didn't remember how to make those things anymore, but he had once.
After a while she whined her false acceptance of his dominance. He let her go. She rolled over and displayed her belly and neck. Fluttered her eyes at him meekly. The twitch of her right hand already indicating that she was tensing to grab the knife. Stab up at his belly. Gut him.
Found a shattered frame on the floor on the far side of the room. A little black mark on the wall above it. He left it where it was.
If John joined in the love play, the wave lifted ever higher. Kissing John's shoulder. Rubbing their sweating bodies. Sliding between his husband's thighs.
Sherlock strode past her and tapped a control. "221B to Bakerstreet. We're going to need you to prepare to beam out all the prisoners. All life support systems have gone down in Baskerville. Air is escaping into the atmosphere. I estimate it will take about two hours for the air to equalize. We're going to need to transport more than six hundred penal colony residents and guards to the Bakerstreet." He looked back into the darkness. "They may be very agitated."
"I don't know what that word means, John," said Mollyhoo. "There's so many things we should have asked you before, but…"
Veema laughed nervously. "As a doctor, oh," they clutched armored hands together, "You are a doctor as I am, an unexpected alignment." At Pavan's cleared throat, Veema unlatched thier hands. "As a doctor, you know that it is not possible to trace inheritance genetically through the first twenty-two chromosomes past a few generations because of the sheer number of recombinations that are possible when gametes are produced through meiosis and then the pared homologous chromosomes separate. Why a single couple could have over 8 million possible genetic combinations and that's not even getting into when the genes between the two partners swap during the process of ummm…" they blushed again, "sexual and of course in vitro reproduction."
She stepped inside and Gomtuu wriggled away through space on a thought. Wriggled all the Breen who'd come with her out.
Sherlock clasped his hands together thinking. "If that's the case, you weren't merely reverted to an earlier age, but the transporter changed your genetics so instead of going into a pseudoheat, you experienced juvenile heat."
The Ferengi doctor grumbled at having to treat a human. He operating the biobed grudgingly. He tapped the monitor. He glared at Tevek. He glared at the monitor. "This is not a juvenile. It should be with the other adult omegas."
Chin looked at Victor, whose expression was full of outrage at this treason. Mutiny. William always copied Victor. Always. Except for the last week. Except when Victor hadn't understood why William cared if I-Chaya had to die and William had to be the one to put him down.
"Oh," said John. Laying on another layer of concrete over the wound. It was certainly something to think about. Even as they all made their way out of the tunnels and back to the colony.
"No," said the Guardian. "He and his team did not do significant damage when they killed thirty-eight insects by walking through the field of chemja flowers. The insects would have died soon after and had no role in causing the plague that would occur in the following year."
Also, worth seeing the Andorian representative on the Federation Council and twenty of their staff glowering at Captain Killander, while he stumbled his way through an apology for abrogating the rights of citizens who had made such a great contribution to Federation society.
The miner looked at John as if he was developmentally disabled. "These creatures eat the minerals we want to mine. Our minerals. Our world."  His lips curled back. "And you're telling me that there could be thousands of the fuckers." He reached over to the storage sled and picked up an egg. It shattered as he threw it against the far wall.
John thought that if he had to spend his anniversary not having vigorous sex somewhere gorgeous with Sherlock, he was going to be very annoyed.
John shook his head. John told himself, "Tell him about the box." He repeated it until he about thought he'd said something.
"Maybe I will. But maybe not," said his younger self, who tilted his head. "Francis, if you were altered to look like Mummy, how were you altered? I don't see any signs."
Sherlock did not like the trend of his thoughts. That his parents had lied to him about the origin of the Breen was not entirely out of character. In character in fact. He'd always believed them because Human Augments were not the result of unassisted evolution, and Sherlock's own experiences on parallel Earths such as Miri's planet or Omega IV with the Coms and Yangs had seemed to back up the explanation.
"I am more interested in the geologic value of the item," said Mr. Stonn. "What is its composition?"
"You remember. I told you about my first time with Tadpole. You remember Tadpole, we met him last year."
"But, but, but, you knew that." She clapped. "This is wonderful. I'm the only one here with any science background and that's mostly about things that kill or don't kill people. Speaking of which I umm… I hope you have strong intestinal tracts. The past is made of diarrhea. Not literally, but close. Sorry, it's just no one came through after we all arrived. Given the way the time dilation works, I didn’t think anyone could come through unless it were hundreds of years later or earlier. Wait, what are you holding?"
John's father's funeral had been brief. Cremation per his last will and testament. Ashes to be scattered at his family's discretion.
Killander pushed the tablet across the desk. Along with the stylus. "A location and which theory is correct, and you'll retain your commission. Get me a genetic sample from your time traveler that will allow me to demonstrate that Khan and his followers weren't the bodies destroyed in those chambers, and a good deal of the black marks on your records can be made to… disappear."
Lestrade scraped a hand back through his silvery hair. "After the cluster-f on Auberj, I asked for diplomatic duty for a while." He looked around. "This is a far better occasion anyway. Opening relationships. Theater." He frowned. "Any idea what has Commander Holmes so obsessed with security at this event. The only ones with access to the site are Starfleet personnel, Federation and Tamarian ambassadors."
John and the smaller children were stationed by the door distracting the Ferengi guard with questions. "Why are you doing this? Where is my father?" and remembering advice from his mum, he used all his directorial chops and he and the children chewed the scenery with a lot of shouting and yelling. He yelled, "I need my daddy!" stomping his foot to cover the sound of whatever it was Hudson was doing to a poor doll's innards. He'd never had much luck crying on command. That had always been Harry, but Shrilaas was magnificent, if perhaps a little too real in her role. While Thil was kind of inspired.
As they moved out of the concealing brush, Sherlock looked around a bare fallow field. All the fields were fallow. Based on the level of wilding growths, they hadn't been tilled. Had sat empty for over a year. There were none of the activities that should have been occurring in the middle of the day.
Sestre was kneeling next to the creature that Lucy and Stonn had shot earlier. Stonn raised his phaser. "Sestre! Come over here!"
Protector pulled her phaser. "As I kept saying, someone did this to us. We have to find who that is and deal with them."
When they pulled away from each other, they didn't let go. They had dinner. Something replicated where they could keep holding on. Vulcan plomeek soup.
"Excellent. Can't think what Internal Affairs was thinking trying to… never mind. A mistake." Th'Azetron snapped his fingers and one of the aides handed him a tablet. "Now to more important matters. He displayed the image of three Andorian infants. "Thanks to your and Lieutenant Hebron's research on the Bakerstreet, I am a proud grandfather. My clan is growing in numbers for the first time in five hundred years."
"So you do think that we're children," said Lucy, crossing her arms. "Earlier, you kept insisting you were still an adult."
She told them that she was planning on having a little chat with all the personnel. Not that she was their mother, but they needed to be prepared that if there wasn't a promotion in the offing, Starfleet might choose to end their commission with Starfleet, or opt to change personnel to inactive status unless, "Sacred Chalice forbid, there's something like another Borg attack. Mind, you it's a mutual sort of affair with personnel being free to choose to do something else."
Euros giggled. "That was ages ago." She waved a hand. "Although," she moved her hand as if swooping a bird. "Linearity. We can make up all over again. And without the dying this time."
She 'splained it to Connor and he listened like he always did. Not like Sestre, who thought she was silly and little and stuff, and not like the twins, but like a Connor. Actually, they were both Augment omegas. He didn't interrupt her or anything while she talked.
Was given a number of other rather obvious clues about John's great poverty, and mounting debts to pay for his sick mother’s healthcare, which bizarrely wasn't something paid for by society at large.
Owen came in requesting pre-natal vitamins and an immune suppressor with a rueful smile. "Been knocked up by a fucking good lay. Sorta thing my granny warned me about. Sorta thing I worried a good bit 'bout when I was younger. These days…been trying to see what would happen. Figured I'd let fate roll the dice. No one I wanted to hook up with when I was in my twenties and thirties. Figured at forty-five, this choice was a bit behind me. But, been thinking takes a village to raise a kid and we've got one here." He tapped his knuckles against the soft surface of the bio-bed. "Been thinking I'll keep the little rug rat. What do you suppose the kid'll be like?"
"John? He's missing?" Stupid. Obvious. The mental capacity of this body was limited. It limited him. He put his feet, trembling and unstable, onto the ground.
She tapped her fingers on the table top, thinking. There was nothing anyone could do to force grow herself and the others, but plants weren't like that. She could keep some control plants set aside and expose selected plants to a nutrient bath and a concentrated light regimen that would force their growth. If the plants developed into the adult versions, then at least they'd know that theoretically they would as well. If the controls also experienced development, or worse regressed, at least they'd know. It would be something.
"He thinks your father is Kodos, the executioner," said Sherlock, moving between them. "Now, back away from my doctor."
Sherlock, no not-Sherlock's hold on John loosened. He hyperventilated just a bit. "Trois Primus. Zwei Tertius. Vier Tertius. Sei Quartus." More teens pushed into the room. Pre-teens. Not-Sherlock went from a bit hyperventilating to ventilating like a broken engine. "No. No. No. Irregulars to the wind, not gather in the viper's nest. If you'd come a few minutes earlier. You could have… then you'd be… like Primus and Secundus… although they lived good lives. But they're dead aren't they and I'll never see them again and…" not-Sherlock picked up a very expensive looking thing and smashed it on a wall where it shattered in a million pieces.
Victor made a feeble throw. The tusk tumbled in the air. Sherlock dropped from where he was and caught it. Stabbed up through the feradon's head. It fell forward. Half crushing him.
The monitor kept scrolling down to images of twenty-two smaller figures, less absurdly pregnant, and one slender figure with their face turned away. Two alphas with their cocks erect and fully knotted knelt in front of the Omegas. Another lay on their back, even if their cock was at full-mast.
"I think you'll want to see this," said Culverton, which since he was a medical doctor, Sebastian had no idea what he thought could be so important.
He'd forgotten Washington had been transferred to the Cortez. Felt like he was forgetting most things.
His children. He could imagine them. All with Sherlock's eyes and wild smile. Driving them crazy. He found himself paging through catalogues of cribs. Slings so the little ones could hear their heartbeats. Sitting there smiling softly into the distance.
All Lurin had to do was to hire some Klingons to provide the muscle, while Lurin provided the brains and the funds to buy second hand Klingon birds of prey.
But that was going to change. She was going to complete in this race and she would finish it first. She would show her parents that she could do all that her brothers would have done.
Chin nodded. She took off at a run down the tunnel and out of view, if not out of thoughts and memory. Her rich alpha scent lingering in the air around him.
Sherlock sat down on top of the covers next to John. Further pulling the sheets taunt across John's body. "There was a very naughty Sugar Baby with a very absent minded Sugar Daddy, who kept his naughty Sugar Baby in a beautiful flat on Risa, while he worked on his science experiments at a nearby space station. Sometimes he would get so caught up in science he would forget his wickedly wonderful Sugar Baby."
Veema added, "Sarpeidon was also unstable and was eventually ripped apart by a mob when they realized that he was trying to create a time paradox that would cause the planet to turn inside out. Not that his successors were much better and thus the nuclear war."
Thil was wrongly imprisoned. It was not fair. It was not fair that their mamas and papas were trapped on the planet.
It was as he watched Sherlock go through option after option, and every third option was they could simply use the cure they knew, he thought, "I love him. I am in love with him."
He informed his cousins of the results, "Well before we had to make our first payment to the Ferengi Commerce Authority, we have had a hundred percent return on our investment."
There was another bowl of olive oil and a set of interesting toys. Since the sun had not yet set, John arranged Sherlock on the pillows to watch the sun court the horizon, a pillow under his hips, while he toyed first with the sensitivity of Sherlock's skin using a feather. The answer to which was Sherlock was extra ordinarily sensitive at this or any age.
The omega climbed to their feet and looked in a box on the table. "That would certainly match what's in here."
They looked at him as if they didn't understand, which worried John. The universal thing that let them talk at all didn't always make the words shape into understanding. But Sherlock understood John and that was all that mattered.
The difficulty was he could think of so many ways that John, his ship, his crew, were in danger, and no clear path to escape.
Frankland said, "It really is a pity that you're no longer commissioned and that your husband elected not to join you, but we can't have everything. All we can hope for is drive off the hounds of pain, and fill hearts with warmth and love. Now that John has joined us that will even be more possible. We'll be able to reach so many more hearts"
Sherlock watched John read the casualty list. John said, "Hatherley presumed dead on the USS Churchill."
He stepped into the holodeck and immediately knew he needn't have bothered with the pillowcase. The room was full of the scent of an alpha, his alpha, who had exactly what John needed.
Maybe if the ships following them hadn't been blazing enough lights to make a new sun, he might have made it. As it was, he came face to face with Sally, looking like a warrior woman in leather armor and some sort of spear weapon. Standing next to him was not-Owen sporting a prickish looking mustache. Not-Owen yelled, "Stun him. Don't shoot him."
Sherlock did not introduce himself. He approached a set of bars and casually did some flips and rolls. The sort of flashy maneuvers that he knew that he had practiced endlessly as an older child.
"How true," said Killander. "The ship fresh from the shipyards did not fall into a star. How excellent."
"If you observe anything out of place, don't hesitate to contact the Bakerstreet. Even if you haven't seen your sister yet. Go back to the shuttle."
She did wonder if anyone had told Harry that her twin was now not a twin. Looking at her own sets of twins, different in each their own ways, she resolved that if it they were unable to resolve this issue, she would make sure that Doctor Watson contacted her.
It was why when Chief Gremel had asked the miners and refinery folk to step up and volunteer to take a shift guarding the refinery, Jo had stepped up. He and Gremel didn't see eye to eye on the Breen deal, but he was still the plant chief.
He was dimly aware that some of the others had left the chamber. Had gone down into the caves below. He could hear them yowling. Mixed with shouts from Jovas and Kenner. Other voices too. Strangers.
The Maralonian's understanding of medicine was completely outside of anything that John had learned through Starfleet. Full of new methods for treatment. Still, as mind expanding as that had been, he told Hudson, "It'll be good to get back to the Bakerstreet."
John said, "You do not need to transport me to some sort of pocket dimension, alternative dimension, or ghost of Christmas past me to prove a point. Sherlock either. I believe you. We’re good. I believe in love. Promise me you won't whammy us."
The chaan snarled and for a moment, Bihr thought they might come to blows, but Lestrade pushed them apart.
She forgot. She couldn't believe she forgot and mentioned her fears to Sarabeth. That had Sarabeth storming away. Shouting as angrily as if she was John, which left Mollyhoo feeling unsteady. Worried.
Marymor immediately began snapping at Henryba and Sawyersa. Sherlock was forced to stop nuzzling John, which he did not like.
John adjusted the pad on his desktop helplessly. "As I think you've mentioned a few thousand times, I became a little preoccupied not long after we got them."
Mummy stood up. "Don't lecture me and my son about what we've been through. What people are capable of," said Mummy. He stood up. "Come on, Connor. Let's finish dinner in our quarters. Suddenly, I'm not in the mood for celebrating with the present company."
When they'd been invited down to the planet Maiwand by the local government, there hadn't really been any mention of the isolationists who felt all aliens were a perversion on the sacred soil of their world.
Ordinarily, Martha would have known what they were without Lucy telling her. Lucy would have practically shouted the thought. Instead she had to wait for Lucy to hand her a bottle and tell her what was in it. "Oil from the leaves of the Lethe plant."
He went to one of them now. Trois Primus was perched on a ledge reading under the statue of Ozymandias that hid him from prying eyes. Sherlock crouched next to him, squeezed his shoulder affectionately, and said, "Irregulars to the wind."
Phenotype information is the physical expression of traits and behavior. It can range from things like eye color to twitchy sleeper to Parkinson's disease.
"No, I…" he thought better of reaching out again. "Something is going on. Sholto. Sh'Alaack. Please, you're with them all the time. Have you noticed anything? If you haven’t then I’ll know it’s just... that it’s not true."
"Do you really think it was an egg?" pipped up Thil. This could mean nothing good. Nothing good ever came of that expression on Thil's face.
They walked down the corridor with its echoes of voices. Billy alert for the scents and sounds of Klingons. They caught Hudson's scent after a few minutes. Followed it into the outer area of the some sort of engineering section.
Sherlock answered by lifting their joined hands and kissing John's knuckles. "So, the naughty Sugar Baby went to his Sugar Daddy's lab, wearing the real silk bespoke clothing that his Sugar Daddy had acquired for him, and flirted with all the other scientists, making his Sugar Daddy very jealous."
Nom came back eventually. "Not dead, I see. I knew it was a trick." Nom messaged his cousin. "Lurin, your profits are fine. It's going to live."
"I made it." John wanted to climb back into Sherlock's lap, but he made himself stand where he was. "At the Academy. A few weeks after your parents scarpered you from your quarters. After…" he took a deep breath, because really this was it. "We shared my heat that first time and I realized I was pregnant. I've uh… used it a few times since." Lifted his chin, "Many times since." He steeled himself for all sorts of reactions. He wasn't really expecting a laugh. A rush of motion. An embrace. To be lifted off the floor. Kissing. There was a lot of kissing.
Brittanus was not so sure that they would be able to commit so wholly. They steeled themselves in that moment to bear what must be done and seize what advantage they could.
"I'd rather not discuss my siblings. My brother is an interfering boring prick and my sister put me in a coma when I was six to the point I don't remember anything before then. My parents are…" he glanced at the drone, "very dangerous dictators." It was perhaps the most he'd ever said about his background. Also she couldn't believe that she'd forgotten Euros. Having engineering turn into a jungle was a vivid memory, but in all fairness it had been one event in a career full of adventures.
"What are you doing?" asked Sarabeth. "Is there so much testosterone in the air that you're losing it?"
"Or, option two, you can kill me, which will send your brother over the last bend in the sanity flightpath. Just want to get that out of the way before I make my last statement."
What mattered was making it through the splinter canyons to the Ice Queen's palace where she kept her treasure. They would defeat the evil Ice Queen, and that traitor, Yellowbeard, and get the treasure.
Sherlock fake grumbled and picked him up, which was just lovely. He lay John down on the bed and pulled the covers up around John. Actually tucked them in on the side, leaving John feeling tightly held by Sherlock across his entire body.
Per Sherlock's suggestion, they met in the galley. An area that had long since lost its initial utilitarian feeling as it was part of Khel's earliest redesign efforts in common crew areas.
They were taken down of a dozen levels. Down brightly lit corridors. Turned around. Their belongings were taken from them. "Give me a slip at least," said John. "Some of those journals weren't easy to get ahold of."
John opened his arms so Sherlock could rest his head on John's shoulder. They whispered, "Love you." And "Love you."
Sherlock smiled ruefully, examining his own hands. "Humans males continue growing into their twenties. I had sufficient height and muscle mass to convince the academic advisors that I was eighteen. As to the other, I invented a university that provided me with my credentials. I knew the material already. My set of study was quite rigorous. At first, I needed to catch up. Then there was nothing for it but to surpass."
"You have to be at least sixteen. I mean it!" It was best to be firm at the outset. Give an inch and Sherlock would take a parsec.
A fairly obvious possible cure was standing in front of John talking about how the inhabitants of this parallel Earth had been investigating longevity rather than super humans, and had managed to create the disease that killed them. It was a variation on what had occurred on Omega IV.
Sherlock made a grand gesture in the direction of the lift. "Doctor, a distress signal has been sent." He rocked on his toes. "Let us render aid."
"Oh, thank God!" He rubbed the side of his head. "I can think again. The last week has been murder." He looked down, as if expecting Sherlock's come had magically transformed him into an adult. "I'm still young."
John didn't want to lose track of Euros, so he waved at the opening and did the sort of little bow that drew giggles from the children on the Bakerstreet. "After her Majesty," he pointed up at the crystals dripping off the chandelier, "after all, that looks like a magic crystal. Which makes you the Ice Queen and that's your treasure." Her dress was more than a bit like Queen Elsa's from that old classic Disney movie.
He waved his disrupter at them and directed them down the hall to a looted lab. Really nothing more than four walls and a sink. Nom turned on a portable force field sealing off the door, "I will check in on you in a few hours, Hu-mans."
Wiglaf looked at him uncertainty. "I like to study. Caorthannach likes to study too. And Fenrir. We all like to study. And practice the obstacle course. I can score a ninety-seven percent accuracy with firearms."
She jumped through the flames and leapt on the lead alpha's back, stabbing at him with her stone knife. She didn't hit an artery. Just meat. Slow bleeding. He slammed back against a wall. She held on. Yelling. He slammed back again. Ripped her off with one hand and flung her against a pillar.
"Maybe, but that's not really going to be a solution when John is actually giving birth," said Mollyhoo. She chewed on the end of a braid of hair. "Although, during any pregnancy, there's a degree of fetomaternal microchimerism where fetal cells cross through the placental and blood-brain barriers and can migrate all over the body. Perhaps if any of Sherlock's offspring have inherited his whatever that is that he has, and they transfer some of that whatever to John, then John might make it. But there's no way to know."
Sherlock drifted down afterwards. Hardly knowing where he was. Only knowing that John was petting his hair and saying, "You're mine," which was exactly how Sherlock wanted it to be.
"To fuck around apparently," muttered Clara, moving to sit at the opposite end of the table. Leaving in her wake an awkward silence.
He heard Hunter's sudden heartbeat before she drew in in her breath. She said, "The Montezuma was destroyed. All hands lost. Vi. She's!" Hunter dashed a hand across her face. Wiping sudden tears. "Vi's dead. I… I should. I need to contact her mother."
A week of research and John was no closer to figuring out what was going on than when he started. So, sitting at dinner with Sherlock, who was ranting about an ongoing conflict on the planet of Neural, and looking absurdly attractive, John blurted out "Let's keep it simple. Tomorrow. Eight hundred hours, come prepared for a day at the beach on Risa," he hadn't intended to say that, and with Sherlock staring at him with those gorgeous changeable eyes, he added, "and bring a horga'hn."
Sherlock picked up the only Ferengi left on the planet, who cowered in his body shield, and said, "Send the code to call for transport to the larger bird of prey."
All ships long passed in the night, and as it was Sherlock had asked her to be his XO on the Bakerstreet, which had been simply lovely of him. He really was a dear sweet boy.
Through the jungle fog of rut, he dimly thought that something was very wrong. Dim as the interior of a moon.
He pulled Sherlock into a crawl space in the engine room. "Sherlock, I want you to think about what you want to have if you don't modify the engines."
"Stew's in the slow cooker." Another kiss. "It'll be ready in thirty minutes." And another kiss. "But it'll be better in three hours."
Thil said, without even looking at his siblings. "We will do it. It's our destiny." Little Keraas shrugged, but her sister, Shrilaas, protested. She'd been having crying jags and meltdowns since John got there.
If he were a teenager, he'd have an excuse. The vomeronasal organ didn't fully develop until the late teens.
Sherlock muttered, "You've had one too many algae cakes already," and turned away from him. John smiled and nodded. He felt a bit of a berk with the rucksack still on his back, but he had no way of knowing how this was going to go. If it was at all like other adventures, he'd be glad to have it soon.
He also understood that time was finite. Especially in a military organization where transfers after two years were common. After a five year mission, they were inevitable.
One of the Klingons beyond the force field growled. "I do not know why the Ferengi have kept some of you. Too old to sell. Useless."
Not-Sherlock glowed at John. "I know I've been saying very unpleasant things about your mother. That he didn't love us anymore. But your mother loved us enough to murder my brother and cut off his cock." He squeezed John, which was warm and lovely. "No one could love us better."
Sherlock knew as much. Had planned on it when he'd made his application to the academy, but he had always wondered if some record had been kept and simply had not been correlated with his DNA analysis.
When they stopped in sickbay, he left his parents in Julian's capable hands with an agreement to meet later.
"I think a captain should be someone who thinks about the needs of everyone on the ship first." They smiled ruefully at Supersmart. "Be the first out of bed when they just want a lie in with their wonderful spouse." They looked over at the command couch which was redolent with both their scents, and Supersmart decided that perhaps they were married. A glowing thought. "Be the last to leave the bridge when there's danger to see every last person on board stays safe."
Martha might not be able to read minds, but really Sherlock had never been particularly hard to read. Oh, specific details behind his thought processes was one thing, but how he felt about John was painfully obvious. So she imagined his thoughts were deeply invested in how best to save his marriage given John's current state.
Mum cleared her throat. "How about that tour." She straightened her shoulders. The show must go on in every centimeter of her. She took father's hand, twining her arm with his.
John promised himself that he really would have a real conversation with Sherlock as soon as they were back home on the Bakerstreet, which was going to rendezvous with them at DS9.
"What does it matter?" asked Donovan. " Watson's not in the command structure. We can't go on some revenge spree because an alien killed Holmes. We need to report what happened. But we can't commit an act of war. Certainly not one against a civilization with more advanced ships than ours."
Unfortunately, she tapped a control on her wrist. "Pain." It felt as if his testes were grabbed in a giant fist and twisted. Luma tapped her bracelet and the pain stopped. "Be good. No pain. Be bad. Pain."
But bad engineering was not the reason the intrusion detection system had not barked in the night for the original hack. But that did get Sherlock to thinking.
John opened his mouth to ask what the ever living fuck was going on, when he became overpoweringly thirsty. Perhaps it was the watery blue light from above. He looked around for a replicator, and ordered a large glass of water, gulping it down gratefully. The blue lights assumed a sort of halo glow. Everything was just a bit softer. More relaxed.
"What?" Odo glared at him as if he hadn't been boring a hole through Sherlock's background for days.
"Fine, you won't have to use them," said Hahn. "What will it do to our projections if we shift production, LaForge?"
Plus his cock hurt. His cock had never hurt before after heat before. Now it was sore and he was weirdly tired as if he'd spent two days energetically doing his level best to fuck Sherlock full of babies without the benefit of Sherlock's little fast cruisers doing their level best to heal him up.
Elise bowed again and went to oversee packing up theater equipment. Pushing aside relatives asking if she wanted to rest. A familiar set to her shoulders.
He'd known the face of the person who'd carried his nine year old self out of the Cave of the Ancestors and back to his parent's summer palace for years.
"I said," Sherlock reached down and tapped the back of John's hand, "everyone take out their cauldrons."
"Why are you out here?" asked Sherlock. "That's a long journey for an elderly man such as yourself."
He was laughing at their narrow escape when John kissed him. John's tongue into his mouth. His own tongue exploring John. He didn't rip off John's clothes – fine he did, but with no other object than getting closer, always closer. He did ejaculate all over John, but for no other reason that John's hand, his nerve damaged hand was wrapped around his cock. John's lips were licking beads of cum off the head and if he came spectacularly, an eruption that a volcano would envy, it had been three months, nine days, and eleven hours since they had last been intimate.
By the third day, she took the afternoon off to resume her Baritsu exercises. She hadn't been able to do more than slow Baritsu in years. While she no longer had the muscle mass of her twenties, Baritsu had always been less about the raw power than the flow of energy. Her body might be different, but muscle memory remained.
"Great. Just great." John cast around for something. Anything. "Aren't you a little… young to worry about your one true anything?"
The psychic was Snow Sparkles. The red head and brunette at the stations at the front of the bridge were Ginger Sparkles and Brown Sparkles respectively.
"I am the captain," said the Prince of Incorrectly Claiming his Best Beloved's Authority, also known as Prince Sparkles. Whatever his name, he turned to look at Protector. "Are you going to let him question my authority like that?"
Marymor worried Mollyhoo. She should feel bad about the broken leg, but really she was glad that Mollyhoo had to limp about. As it was, she'd tried several times to rub against Mollyhoo. Looking irritated when that didn't do more than make Mollyhoo shove her off. Really, she'd never heard of an alpha behaving anything like this.
The Ferengi briefly bickered with a Breen in black armor, who said, "You know our prices. They are not negotiable and already top of the market. You may pick up fresh restraints on level three if you wish to do further business with us."
She was stuck in the ready room, because the prospect of facing Donovan had suddenly felt overwhelming. Intimidating, which was ridiculous. Martha looked and felt better than she had in years.
Hudson smoothed her hands along her hips and did a little spin. As if this were fun. "Julian, are we free to go?"
