Knowing that Tony is watching, he pulls his shirt over his head, letting it join Tony’s clothes on the floor. (Maybe he even flexes a little, just to show off.) He pushes his pants the rest of the way off, kicks it away. He strokes himself, relieving some of the tension, all the while looking straight at Tony, watching as the older man bites his lower lip to suppress a moan.
I've written this fic in a completely different style from my usual writing so please let me know what you think! All reviews will be greatly loved and appreciated!
“We’ll have plenty of time to talk later.” She presses a soft kiss to his cheek. “Now go. He’s waiting for you.”
“It’s a long story.” Steve looked away, half expecting Tony to push him away, but when he didn’t, Steve crawled back up the bed, positioning himself and sitting on his haunches between Tony’s thighs. Tony tensed at the contact, but couldn’t help but slightly relax at the warmth, at the hand that came to rest lightly on his hip.
Steve bent down, enveloping Tony in the warmth of his large body. Steve was nuzzling against the back of Tony's neck, pressing kisses to the sensitive skin. “No going back after this.”
Steve moved back up Tony’s body until they were face-to-face again, those blue eyes staring right into brown. “Turn over,” he said, voice low and husky. Tony didn’t hesitate, flipping over onto his front, gasping at the sudden friction between his erection and the sheets. He wanted to move some more, but Steve’s hands were back on his hips, holding Tony firmly against the mattress as his lips were back on Tony’s skin, planting kisses down his spine.
Steve doesn’t stop until he hears Tony say his name. He pulls away and he looks, sees how Tony is red with a full-bodied flush, cock leaking pre-cum onto his stomach.
He talks about Happy, who has been there for Pepper and Morgan since the very beginning. He has been spoiling Morgan rotten, which Pepper always scolds him for, but can’t find it in her heart to stop him.
The look on Steve’s face changed immediately. Confusion was gone, the unrestrained want from earlier returning, but there was something else too. It took a moment for Tony to realise it was warmth and fondness, the latter having never been directed at Tony before.
"I don’t want to hurt-" Before Steve could even finish the sentence, Tony dug his nails into Steve's arm, forcing him into consciousness.
A flicker of fear passed over Steve's eyes. Werewolves were wary of a vampire's bite too, with too many stories of vampires losing control to their bloodlust and draining their victims dry. But that fear soon passed, and Steve replied with a certain "Okay".
Walking over, he sits down on the bed opposite the figure. He looks at the two cups and bottle of alcohol, and he smiles.
“What the hell, Rogers? Why the fuck are you giving me stuff? And why are you acting like some sort of secret admirer?” Tony was mad, seeing no reason why he would do such a thing unless he was trying to make fun of him. “If this your idea of a joke, you have gone too far, because-”
He doesn’t know how long he sits there for, but soon enough, the sun starts to rise. The dark blues of the night begin mixing with the brilliant yellows of the morning sky, and light begins to fall onto the city.
It doesn’t take long for Steve to realize that he’s talking about that young kid. Peter. He knows how much that boy means to Tony. To him, it was a second chance to be a better person. To make up for past wrongs.
The feeling was so overwhelming that Tony felt like he was dreaming. He gripped hard onto the edge of the desk, knuckles turning white as Steve started to move. When he felt his hands slipping, he called out, voice now just a breathy moan. “Steve…”
Once he was out of ear shot, Tony let out a huge sigh. He hated the effect that man had on him. He couldn’t understand why he was still feeling this way after everything. Again, by the time the drinks came, he had pushed all these emotions to the very back of his head. It had been a long day; now was the time to drink and relax.
It’s a smooth glide in, seeing how Tony prepped himself before, but it’s still too tight. So, Steve spreads his fingers, opening the older man up for what’s to come later. Slowly, Steve works in a third finger. It’s been two years since they last did this, but Steve remembers, bending his fingers at just the right spot.
Captain America, in theory, was a joke. Everyone was at least a little familiar with Cap’s exploits with his Howling Commandos; those stories were repeated endlessly every Captain America Day. Tony had never been a particularly big fan, not because he had anything personally against Captain America (though he did hate him, just a little, for occupying so much of Howard’s free time), but because he was
There was a knock, and a tall, broad blond man in all black strode in, purposeful and intent—only to stop short when he noticed Tony.
“That’s not what I meant,” Fitz said, and Tony carefully set his soldering iron aside. Fitz gave Tony an assessing look. “I’ll admit I’m not the best at—you know, love and all that, but…I’m not blind. Steve hasn’t been by in a week. Did you finally run him off?”
“The eye.” Fury cleared his throat and looked…a little ticked off. Tony supposed it was because he’d been putting Fury off for the better part of five weeks, but. Tony’s time was valuable, and Fury wasn’t really the kind of person to ask nicely.
Steve nodded, and, for an awkward few moments, they had to leave together, squeezing through the door at the same time in an effort to get out as quickly as possible. Tony pretended to call a car and waited on the curb as Steve turned and jogged back up the street towards the SHIELD building. As soon as he was out of sight, Tony was turning into the alley beside the diner and activating his bracelets. They warmed a little as the programming ran and the Mark VII sped from the tower to his location.
“No.” Tony got up, grumbling. He’d had this idea that he’d tell Steve how much Tony was growing to value their friendship, but that he wanted more and the Captain America thing didn’t have to get in the way of that, et cetera. Though, Tony supposed, it was more fitting that he do it this way instead. “Come on.”
“Not that Rogers,” Tony said. “Big guy. Blond. Looks like he has trouble fitting through regular-sized doorframes.”
“For the record, I’m an adult. I can dress myself.” Tony paused on the staircase and turned to give Pepper his best, please-forgive-me smile. “Buy yourself something nice on me?”
Tony automatically looked to his watch, but the face was also covered in oil and therefore unreadable.
“Hah! Okay, then get him where he’s going and I’ll see you in a few weeks,” Fury said. Then he waved his hands at both of them. “Get your asses out of here. I need to make sure the world doesn’t explode.” Tony was pretty sure the click as the door shut behind them was the lock, which made him snort. As if a lock could really keep him out of anything.
“Did you seriously just say ‘gee’?” Tony demanded, glancing over his shoulder. Steve was dressed down in tight-fitting athletic wear that made Tony’s mouth water, just a little. “Just how old
As he waited for the Iron Man to come to him, Tony thought about Steve and wondered what he was doing.
“You’re starting to repeat yourself,” Tony pointed out. “But, yes, they did because I made them.” He picked up his soldering iron again to give himself something to do other than ask Fury why Steve might’ve given up his vacation to spend time with Tony. He’d still not managed to wrap his mind around the concept of a date, let alone take into account this brand new information.
“That joke’s only funny when you aren’t working for a shady government organization that does that kind of thing on a regular basis,” Tony shot back. He fell into step with Steve, who had his hands tucked casually in his pockets. “Interesting, though, that it all seems to be off-book.”
“And couldn’t do the things I need you to do. Are you going to play ball, Stark, or do I need to make calls elsewhere?”
“God, Tony. This is the worst timing. I’ve got to go. SHIELD needs me. I…” Steve trailed off, mouth dropping open when the armor flew around the corner and started assembling itself around Tony. “
“Sure,” Tony said, giving it all up as a bad job and wiping his hands on his trousers. At least they were black; no one would notice unless they looked very closely. “While we’re eating, you can tell me all about whatever mission it is you’ve been away on that’s kept you away for eleven and a half days.” He picked up his jacket and slid it on, smoothed his tie back down over his shirt. He was probably mostly presentable. Not Pepper presentable, but Steve smiled when Tony ran a hand through his hair, so—presentable.
“Just reminding you,” Tony said. He got to his feet and patted Fury on the shoulder. His grin only grew wider when Fury didn’t knock his hand away but furrowed his brow and looked a little more irritated. “Smile, Nicky. SHIELD’s about to enter the 21
“You don’t know anything about me,” Rogers pointed out, but he was smiling a little. “Maybe I’m not, um, queer.”
“His work on microfluidics is unparalleled! Why? Do you know him? Can you introduce me? I’ve been dying to ask for his take on my own research on nanophotonic structures. It’d be a dream to work with him.”
He’d come out just after Tony had perfected the Mark II, and, at first, Tony hadn’t known what to think. Then he’d just kept coming—had even worked with Tony a couple of times—and Tony, grudgingly, found him to be an excellent partner. For one, Cap was incredibly smart. He had an intuition for geometry that astounded Tony, and a knack for strategy that was almost equally amazing. Mostly, though, he actually took the time to check in and make sure Tony was still with him, and that was pretty great.
That narrowed things a little. Maybe Rhodey would know of a Steve Rogers, ex-military, agent of SHIELD.
“Yeah,” Tony said as the helmet’s faceplate flipped down and locked into place. “I’m Iron Man, and you’re Captain America. Suit up. We’ve got some bad guys to beat up.”
Fitz was Tony’s kind of guy. He spoke quickly in a high level techno-science babble that left most of the room, despite their combined experience and range of interests, shaking their head. He helped Tony get a workstation put together and was kind enough to pretend not to notice when Tony didn’t need helping accessing SHIELD’s secure files.
“Hey, Cap. Long time no see.” He’d had years of feigning innocence and ignorance, and it worked in his favor now. Steve’s eyes widened, albeit fractionally, and his smile shifted from something easy and natural to something a little harder and forced. That seemed like a clear confirmation to Tony, but he knew better than to reject a null hypothesis without sound evidence. “Are you at all wowed? I actually spent a little time relearning military insignia. It’s been a while since that was at all relevant to me and my business.”
There efforts were rewarded when they came out on top with a few bangs and bruises but they still managed. Only in a last effort, the one’s facing Steve and Tony’s team had done the cliche’; a bomb.
Tony came to class, dazed and broken and everyone that saw him was worried, his friends the most the most concerned. A figure in the halls shook her head as she walked to class. Lunch came and Tony felt a bit better. Thor was concerned and gave Tony a big hug before class. He just knew he teared up a bit as he hugged him back. Bruce sat closer to him during class offering what little comfort he could give.
“You were the one that said, you were having a bad day. I will not press further but, talking about it might soothe your worries.” Thor smiled at him encouragingly.
Thor smiled at that. Thor held up a mall paper bag, I have football practice later before work would you like to snack before then. Tony looked around nervously and checked his phone. “Let’s go somewhere a bit from here” Tony said leading Thor out of the school. I know a place not far from here. It’s a place where I go to when I want to be alone” he paused “Even Steve doesn’t know of it” Tony said softly.
Tony sat there thinking. Contemplating everything that’s happened and thought of ways he could make amends with Steve. He loved him even though Steve may never feel the same but Steve was his best friend. Natasha’s words were sinking in as he stood. He walked out of the room and made his way to somewhere he needs to be right now; With Steve.
r: A British exchange student and the vice president of the school council. Along side Steve they make the school progressive and safe. She is a modern woman in every sense of the word. She’s also a prominent figure in school as much as Steve.
“Tho-Thor Please, Stop.” With that Thor did, looking embarrassed and disappointed. He released Tony, giving him some room and Tony scrambled to sit down, Thor following.
He loved Steve? Tony had feelings for Steve but he didn’t think of saying that he loved Steve. Steve was his best friend; he was always supportive, kind and caring to everyone but especially for Tony. He looked out for him, took care of him, listened to him and made him smile when he felt like the world was ending. He smiled at that thought.
Known simply as Steve, he is Tony’s best friend growing up. Steve grew up opposite from Tony. Tony had everything while Steve had little to nothing until Tony asked his parents to give Steve’s parents a job at their company.
“This is the sky arena” Sapphire Tony said as Ruby Steve turned to look at him. “I helped come up with the plans on how to get this thing built” Tony said proudly.
: Young Billionaire (heir at least), playboy philanthropist and overall engineering genius. He is the only child of Maria and Howard Stark well known for their work on philanthropy and engineering.
It’s a custom to give a gift on someone’s birthday but when that someone was one of the richest men in the world who could have anything they want at any given moment, then it becomes a bit of a hassle to give them one isn’t it. This was the problem of Captain America Aka, Steve Rogers.
Before he knew it, the last bell had rung. Nothing really happened that warranted his attention but he was the topic of a few in class conversations and he didn’t blow anything up during Science class.
They walked away and Tony saw the smile Steve had when he was talking to Peggy and it kinda hurt him in some way. “Hey Steve! Catch!” Tony shouted throwing something in the air. Steve turned just in time and caught what Tony threw; the Snickers bar. Steve smiled at him and gave him a mock salute. “You need it more than me.” Tony waved him off again.
“Still pretty early Cap, Let’s head off to bed, shall we” Tony said getting up, bringing his mug to the sink. Steve followed soon after. They made their way to the elevator and got in after a few seconds.
At a young age Bruce has shown remarkable intelligence especially in the fields of Biology and Chemistry. He and Tony share a common bond with their love of Science as so they are deemed the “Science Bros”
“So how about food and snacks?” Steve asked looking over to Tony. “Oh! I have that covered” Tony gave him a huge grin. Steve just smiled at that and they fell into a comfortable silence.
Steve had changed from his uniform to his casual clothes and as soon as the doctors said he was okay. He almost bulldozed anyone in his path. For two weeks he stayed by Tony’s side. Leaving only for food and the occasional bathroom break and a mission or two where Fury had all but berated him to go on. He went back after hoping Tony was awake but he wasn’t.
“I stumbled on this place while exploring, I’m pretty sure no one knows it’s even here” Ton said with pride. Thor smiled at him and as they got in Thor set down his baggie on one of the benches inside. “It feels like this place is another world entirely” Tony said fondly. He looked at Thor who was now holding up 2 paper cups and offered the other to Tony. “Thanks”
Clint Barton was one of the schools top athletes and founder of their archery club. He’s very charismatic and friendly and also a bit egotistic at times, something he shares with Tony. He’s proficient when it comes to archery or any long ranged sport; javelin, discus and even carnival games. He said he was brought up in the circus and everyone believed him.
“Through the summer and the fall, we had each other that was all, just him and I together. Like it was meant to be”
Tony’s world stopped as he saw Steve open the door. Things with Thor were surprising enough and now Steve has seen him making out with Thor.
He checked his phone to see where Steve would be at that moment. Steve was on the move. Tony tracked where he was headed; the football field. They must have practice today. Tony pocketed his phone and made his way there. He was in the other side of the school, it would take him no less than fifteen minutes to get there.
“That coffee bun looks appetizing too” Tony suggested pointing at the dessert display on the counter. “That big one right there”
“Could you recommend something for someone who’s having a bad day?” Tony suggested giving Thor a small smile.
For the rest of the day, Tony had gone to his classes and monitored his phone on where Steve was and made sure not to stay in one place for too long. He was thankful that his class schedule was different from Steve’s. This was drastic but Tony does like to go to extremes to avoid his problems. Throughout the day various people told him that Steve was looking for him and he just shrugged them off. Guilt was slowly building up inside him with each question.
Thor’s room was of a small apartment that had 2 rooms; a bedroom and a bathroom, a small kitchen that was comprised of a microwave, dish rack and a few other kitchen supplies. There was a fridge too, a sofa and a T.V.
Nick also decided that the knight was to stay with the team at the Avengers Tower until he can be returned to his own dimension. After arriving at the tower, the knight seemed apprehensive yet cooperative with the new beings he was with. Tony was the one in charge of him or was the one tasked with helping the knight cope with his new surroundings just as he did with Steve.
“I dreamed I lost him, he was scared and I couldn’t get to him until he was gone” Steve recalled his dream holding Tony’s hand.
It's been a while and I'm sorry. Thanks for liking the story. It makes writing this more how should I say this, Wonderful!
In what seemed like forever a faint light came through and Steve carried Tony to the hospital as fast as he could.
“It’s just me” Steve said sitting down. “dozed off a bit there didn’t I” Tony asked a little bit embarrassed. “Yeah, you did” Steve smiled trying to not mention he was cute. He then placed his neatly wrapped gift on Tony’s lap. He waited eagerly to see what he would do.
This is not the end. I'm thinking of a few more chapters and an Epilogue too. Thanks a lot for the support! Tell me what you think and if you have any Ideas or concerns please by all means pitch them in :D Thanks for reading!
Sapphire Tony arrived with his escorts atop a floating structure high above the clouds. This was the base for the colonizers and fighter stationed to colonize Earth.
“That is troubling” Thor said sympathetically his mood shifting. Thor was very emotional at times and he never hid it, though often times he was happy, his emotions could be well, unpredictable.
In the end he parked to the side and did what he did best; think. He took out his phone (the one he designed) and started searching for possible places where Steve wouldn’t find him. He triangulated possible routes that Steve will go and formulated possible scenarios that could happen. His list was short but he was sure Steve wouldn’t find him in those places and areas.
Tony halted, Bruce looked at him concerned.” Steve’s still looking for me and my car is in the lot” Tony said deflating. Bruce thought and offered to distract Steve so Tony could get away.
Tony returned the smile, “Nah just finishing up a new program I was going to make when I get home.” Tony said pocketing his pad and phone.
A lot of things have happened in Steven universe and I'm not sure if  what I've written will do justice for the current Theme of STU. Enjoy anyways.
“Tony” Thor softly called out his name and made his way to Tony’s side wrapping him in a tight embrace.
I'm happy that the first chapter was received so well and I thought I should put the next one up. Enjoy :)
Steve thought for a moment. “I don’t know, honestly, but since we’ve gotten so close together and when we became real friends and I saw the different sides of you, I grew to admire you. I guess slowly that admiration grew into something else completely.”
Steve looked good on the bike, anyway, and gave it the exact sort of dreamy, lovey smiles that Tony wouldn’t have minded having directed at him.
“Go, Tony,” Pepper said, taking a step back so that she could glare Tony out of the shop and up the stairs. “I’ve left a suit on the bed for you.”
“Stock’s never been higher,” Tony said. He squinted and completed another path in the circuit. “And, fine, I’ll say it. It’s nice to be pulling a paycheck again.”
“I’ll escort you,” Rogers said. “It’s not safe for a civilian to wander around, anyway.” He looked to Fury. “I was just going to tell you that I think you were right.”
“You said I could take you out if I could learn one thing about you that wasn’t publicly available knowledge,” Tony said. He paused, expectant, and when Steve nodded, continued. “For the record, I think you cheated since you've been taking me on lunch dates that I didn't even know were supposed to be lunch dates, but I digress. The point is—well. I think I’ve come up with something pretty big and, if I’m right, that means I owed you something.”
“I’ve got this,” Cap said, steeling himself for a fight. He seemed pretty mad. He usually liked to make speeches at Tony. “Please, just—get out of here. The last thing I need is you dying on my watch.”
“I love a man who takes charge,” Tony said. He winked at Steve, but did as he was told, dipping his fry in the thick malt. He had to admit it: It
Rogers set off at a fairly brisk pace down the hall, apparently confident that Tony would follow along obediently.
Tony shook his head and pushed his plate between them, a wordless offer to share. Steve only waited a moment before digging in, fingers brushing against Tony’s every now and then.
“I don’t know what I’m supposed to be driving, but I’m sure it’s worth more than my apartment,” Steve said.
“You’re big,” Tony said. Rhodey had told him many times that he was in love with the sound of his own voice, but that wasn’t true at all. Tony’s brain just had an irritating tendency to run a mile a minute, and it was easier, and more interesting, to get some of it out than it was to pretend at deep introspection. “You can tell me honestly. Is it steroids? Because it looks like some kind of steroids. No offense.”
“So,” Tony said at the start of day three. Pepper, predictably, had been over the moon that he’d finally decided to take on work. Paying work. The Iron Man was definitely a job in and of itself, but not the kind that resulted in personal profit beyond a deep, soul-level contentment. “What do you know about Rogers?”
“Call me Tony,” Tony clarified. “And, yes, I will fix this, once I’ve finished tearing it apart to see what, exactly, is wrong with it. Before you say it, yes, there is absolutely something wrong because, one, I didn’t build it and, two, Fury’s paying me to correct these problems.”
“Ah, Steven,” Fitz said with a knowing nod. “Steve. He looks like the sort to want to throw you about, doesn’t he? But he’s actually quite kind the few times we’ve met.”
“Yeah, well, it bears repeating,” Fury said. “Fitz, walk with me. Stark, you and I are going to have a heart-to-heart when your contract is up.”
“What are you doing?” Steve crowded into his space so he could peer over Tony’s shoulder at the mechanism under his hands. “This is essential gear, Mr. Stark. I hope you plan on putting it back together again.”
“Well…” Tony laughed when Steve’s apprehension shifted into outright curiosity. “It’s not polite to ask the price of a gift, Rogers. Just take me downstairs and buy me lunch, please.”
“He’ll be taking over R&D for a few months,” Fury said, raising his voice to talk over Tony while Rogers openly looked Tony up and down, sizing him up. “I…have other things I need to do. Can I trust you to get him there in one piece?” Fury paused, then added, “If you can’t, I wouldn’t blame you. He
“What are we looking at, Cap?” he asked, turning as he spoke, only to stop short. He knew that jawline and those blue, blue eyes. Tony’s eyes widened.
“People in my position don’t tend to get very far unless they are,” Tony pointed out. He stood up and stretched, groaning a little when the movement made his lower back twinge. He kept in decent shape, and he’d been training more since becoming the Iron Man, but he certainly missed being twenty and feeling invincible. “It’s a good thing you’re here, actually, because I need a break.”
Steve ran and ran looking for a place to rest, until he came to an abrupt halt at the entrance of a small cavern. He rushed in carrying Tony and set him gently off the ground.
Thor smiled at him again, “It’s for me, I thought I might join you. I have my break at the moment.” He said sitting at the other recliner adjacent to Tony’s.
The other day Tony saw Steve coming down the hall before lunch and he looked pretty down. Tony wanted to go over to him because Steve was always the one who was the happy one. He knew he was the one causing Steve to be sad but that all went away when Carter (Peggy) came up beside him and looped her arm around Steve’s; that made Steve smile and Tony’s heart throbbed painfully.
Tony studied it, trying to figure out what Steve got him. “You’ve got skill Cap, I like the way you wrapped it, it could make a good addition to the décor” Tony said smiling at him.
“Tony!” I’m here!” Steve tried to reach for him but he couldn’t move his arm. It was like something was holding him back.
Steve softly strummed the guitar getting the notes right before gradually getting more volume. He heard a song while they were watching a movie in the rec room. Clint was watching and Steve just sat there occasionally glancing the screen. It was a kid’s movie about toys that came alive when their owners wasn’t there.
Suddenly the door opened and Tony heard someone gasp. Immediately Tony looked at who entered and he felt his entire soul ripped from his body; Steve.
On his descent he thought of something Wanda had asked him a week ago. “May I ask why the good captain would want to give a gift to someone such as Tony Stark?” That question made him think. It’s true that they’d managed to get pretty close and to be actually friends. The dynamics between them have changed.
Tony took a long sip of the cup and sighed happily when he turned to speak to Steve” You always do and thanks for this, you know how I like my coffee Steve” Tony thanked him taking another sip.
“Thanks J, but I’m not really in the mood to eat right now, maybe before leaving? Oh yeah and if Steve comes by tell him I’m not here. Thanks!” Tony said making his way down the hall.
It was a person, clad in medieval armor. The armor was a deep midnight blue and was adorned with stars. The knight slowly stood up and checked his surroundings. Everyone was anxious they prepped for a fight but they relaxed as the knight sheath his sword in a show of peace.
She sighed “Tony, What’s really going on. You’ve left Steve in the dark. He thinks it’s his fault your drifting away from him. I saw him the other day looking at his phone. He just looked at it. I managed to glance at it and I knew it was from you. If you wanted to end whatever friendship you have with Steve, don’t you think he deserves to hear that face to face. He at least deserves that much, right?” Natasha said, her voice gentle yet stern, each word stabbing him more.
He was from another dimension, one without technological advances. A land you could only read about in story books. After telling the avengers of his origins, Nick Fury consulted the other mystical heroes to see if they could aid with the return of the dimensional traveler.
“Are you two quarreling sir?” Jarvis asked as he got close. “Nah just working on something” He lied.
Steve is an embodiment of good. Always being kind, polite and a general nice guy, he’s known and respected by all, being the captain of many sports teams and the student boy president.
He was going to use this to stay clear of Steve. Sure he thought this was the coward’s way out but he thought that maybe time would sort things out or at least he hoped it will.
“I guess I do” Steve said as he laid his head on Tony’s.” I do to, that’s why I drifted away. I, I didn’t want you to get the wrong Idea and I was falling hard and-“Steve cut his rambling of with a finger to his lips.
Natasha was a fiery red headed beauty. Originally from Russia, she came to America to study. A master of martial arts, she is a force to be reckoned with in S.H.I.E.L.D high. She’s also pretty much an equivalent to a she devil when pissed or angered, Tony knew this from experience. She was a safety officer in their school and was part of the student council. She was like a ninja or spy. You never know she’s there until she’s right beside you.
One more to go. I'm still learning how to write concisely and I hope to write more. Please tell me what you think and things I could improve on. One more chapter to go which would be a continuation for this. :D
Thor sighed. “It may be a short while since we’ve grown close but it’s within that time, certain emotions and urges surfaced and I thought to act upon them thinking you’d react approvingly.” Thor looked embarrassed again like a kid who got caught sneaking a few cookies before dinner.
“I’m fine Cap, Just a little uhm, what’s the word I’m looking for, off-balanced? Or you could say I get weak in the knees whenever you’re near.” Tony gave him a wink and Steve can feel himself blushing. Tony then burst out in laughter clutching at his sides laughing at Steve’s expense. Steve already feeling a bit pissed and embarrassed mad to get away from Tony as fast as he can but as he passed the guy, he felt him grip his arm.
Sorry if Thor sounded out of character. what did you Thin? I'd love to hear from you. More to follow. Till next update :D
Tony was greeted with a familiar face as he stepped through the door of his home; Jarvis. Jarvis was and is Tony’s family butler. He’d been Tony’s guardian and babysitter even before the accident that took away Tony’s parents. He was kind and gentle, a bit strict at times but Tony loved him nonetheless. He is a man over his fifties with graying hair but a slim yet stocky frame. He’d always talk properly and politely but not as theatrically as Thor and usually had a British accent when he spoke. Jarvis was wearing his usual butler’s attire which composed of a typical butler’s uniform. Tony urges him from time to time to dress casually but Jarvis is always true to his duties.
“I, I saw Steve making out with Peggy” Tony started. He told Thor everything that happened and what he was feeling that moment and little by little, Tony felt better. Thor was quiet but affirmed he was listening. He asked an occasional question but he didn’t pry, Tony was thankful for that.
“Tony? If you could hear me, please. Wake up. I miss you” Steve said giving Tony’s hand a light squeeze. “It’s not the same you know? I miss the way you bring so much joy into my day like you always did. I’ll be here when you wakeup.”
“So the weeks went by, I stayed the same but he began to drift away, I was left alone. Still I’m waiting for the day when he’d say I will always love you” Steve suddenly felt a pang of emotion. He was crying then. He set down his guitar as he scrambled to wipe at his face.
It happened, it finally happened, Tony’s with Steve and Steve’s with him. He couldn’t believe it. After their public display, everyone dispersed. Their closest friends giving then their regards, Natasha walking away with a triumphant smile, Peggy and Sharon behind her giggling with ideas on the direction Tony and Steve’s relationship will go, Clint and Bruce behind the three girls discussing their future group dynamic now Tony and Steve is an item.
Steve stood outside with his back to the room as he tried to compose of himself. He was silently praying that Tony will be alright.
“I wouldn’t mind at all” Thor said smiling. They left the café’ after Thor said goodbye to the staff and soon enough they were driving down the road. Thor gave him instructions and in no time they were there. It wasn’t far from the café’ Thor said he walks there after taking a bus from their school. Thor led him to his room and Tony was pleasantly surprised.
Tony took out his phone, hoping to busy himself; he had also taken out a small notepad he keeps on hand to write down his project ideas and plans. He turned to a blank page and got to work. After a while, Thor came with his order.
Dozens of thoughts were racing in his head; why was he crying, why did he run, why does his heart feel like it’s being crushed, why was he feeling like this. He knew he didn’t have the right to feel this way but he does and it’s killing him.
“Okay Thor, we’re alone. What’s gotten you so-“ Tony was cut off when he felt his face being cupped by Thor’s big hands and the next thing he knew, he was being kissed.
It isn’t appropriate or allowed to have physical contact with two gems who aren’t equal in their social hierarchy.
Tony made his way to school as usual, checking his phone every now and then. It was still pretty early so there weren’t many students in school yet. He did see a few familiar faces, Natasha Romanov and Clint Barton were walking down the halls bantering good naturedly and Natasha even shoved Clint against the wall.
He asked Banner but it turned into a lecture on science that Steve couldn’t comprehend so he just moved on.
“Okay guys! That was great, everyone saw how cute you guys were but we’ll be leaving you before things get heavy. They heard the mix of voices and Steve was bright red when Tony looked at him.
Tony sighed, “I just never knew you’d-” “Be attracted to you?” “No. Be attracted to guys in general”.
He found the parking lot not too crowded and as he got out of his car, the smell was intoxicating. Tony put on a pair of shades and made his was to the building. The building was simple yet it had a nice charm to it. The top part of the walls was of a cream color, reminding Tony of a latte’ and the lower part was of a deep brown color almost that of an espresso. He looked at it the closer he got and saw it had impressions on it; coffee beans. The brown part actually had the shape coffee beans designed into it. The windows were wide and tinted but not too much as you could still see the figures of people on the inside
I have been trying to figure out what angle I wanted to write. I've written a few drafts and trshed or set aside each one. Hopefully this would be good enough.
Steve turned, looking at Tony, “Before he came, you were always with me and now” Steve stopped and looked away. It was Tony’s turn to sigh. “Is that why you’ve been acting this way?” Steve didn’t answer.
Tony was usually with Steve while they had their off days or when there was little to no crime in the day. They’d usually be in Tony’s lab, Steve learning to play his guitar or sketch and Tony was busy tinkering away.
“I, Yeah, I do. Growing up, Steve and I were always together. In the beginning it was about friendship but as time passed, things escalated from there. Even if Steve was still sickly and small, I would’ve still felt this way. I fell in love with him, not his body” Tony said as a sad smile formed on his lips.
Tony’s mood plummeted. Thor might have sensed this and placed a gentle hand on his arm. “Did anything occur between you two?” Thor asked concerned. “Let’s, let’s talk about it later.” Tony said giving Thor a sad smile. Thor nodded and stood. “I will go back to work now. Rest easy Tony” Thor collected his empty plate and cup and walked back to the counter.
Anthony ”Tony” Stark, one of the greatest minds to enter S.H.I.E.L.D high reclined leisurely under a tree by the school’s track field.
The attack was led by their leader, an Onyx gem; Nick and his renegade black pearl. They closed in and the rubies extended their arms and linked their gems to each other which granted them to join together their strengths and powers. They saw their opening and headed straight for the leader but his pearl was quick, after destroying two gem guards, she rushed to her master’s side immediately destroying the forms of Bucky and Rhodes ending their linked fusion, they retreated into their gems and that fell to the ground. Steve managed to knock her back but he too was knocked away.
He looked up the song and each time he heard it he thought more and more of Tony and he he drifted away and left Steve alone. Slowly he realized why he was so affected was because he had fallen in love with Tony. At first when he realized, he was stuck in denial but slowly he began to accept that he fell for Tony and still cares for him even now.
“Stark may have everything within arms reach but something only he can have is something I suggest on giving him. You’ll think of something Steve, I have to go. Vision and I will go on patrol later tonight”. Wanda stood and gave Steve a kiss on the cheek and she went for back inside.
“A free pass for a beating for being obnoxious” Black widow had a smirk as she told him. He noted never to get on her bad side.
Red Diamond sighed in relief, “Thank you Tony, that’s all I needed to hear.” He dismissed Tony and Tony exited the tent.
Steve picked up his guitar again and prepared to play again but he was startled when his door burst open and Tony came running in calling out to him.
He made his way through the corridors and he passed by some of his friends along the way. Bruce Banner another great mind of the school was heading over to the labs for an experiment for the upcoming school science fair so he didn’t have time to chat much. Further down he heard arguing; a couple and he knew who the voices belonged to; Thor Odinson and his girlfriend Jane. He just quickened his pace at the sound of Thor’s thunder like voice.
“What are you doing Steve?” Tony asked curious. “Bedding for you my clarity” Steve answered not looking at him and proceeded to gather more leaves and soft materials. Tony chuckled and proceeded to help. Steve said it was alright and to just let him do the task but Tony was firm with his intent.
“STEVE!” Steve didn’t look back but he didn’t run. He just quickened his pace. Tony wasn’t fast but adrenaline was coursing through him and he closed the gap on Steve. He grabbed Steve’s arm but Steve turned around violently dislodging Tony’s hand. The force made Tony stumble back and ultimately he fell, landing on his ass.
Steve couldn’t resist the urge and he pulled Tony to himself wrapping his own arms around the genius. I’m glad you like it” Steve said while he hugged Tony. He then felt arms envelope around him.
It;s been a week and things aren't looking up for Tony and Steve. Someone has a little chat with Tony.
Tony walked the direction Steve and the others went but as he rounded the corner hall, someone pulled him to the shadows, like tentacles, the person’s arms wrapped around him, Tony was startled but it soon settled as the familiar blonde hair came into view.
“Thank you!” Steve called out as Wanda closed the door. “Something only he can have.” Steve said to himself and in that instance he had an Idea. He opened his sketch pad and got to work.
Tony had calmed down enough for them to sit on a few the stools in the lab. He was still sniffling as he rubbed at his nose with the back of his hand. Bruce just sat quietly beside him, he didn’t speak so Tony would be more comfortable initiating a conversation between them. After a minute Tony did.
He was Sir Steven and was known as Knight America in his own dimension. Everyone was astounded; Captain America had a counterpart in another dimension and almost everyone in the tower bombarded him with questions of their own counterparts, Clint more than others.
Centuries ago, in far away in an unknown galaxy, a planet populated by advanced beings was colonizing other planets to expand their reach. The planet was known only as Homeworld to those who came from it. Homeworld sought to expand to all the reaches of the universe, colonizing each planet they reach and is placed under their rule whether or not the planet was inhabited.
“I love you” Tony said as he buried his face in Steve’s shirt.” I love you too” Steve replied simply.
“You’re welcome and I should, We are best friends right?” Steve said more of a fact than a question.
“Thanks again Thor, for you know today and this. I just don’t want to deal with any of this until morning. Tony said sighing heavily as he slumped in his seat. Thor looked at him smiling reassuringly “Do not mention it Tony”. Tony settled back on the sofa as Thor continued reading. Thor was still reading when Tony felt the pull of sleep, Thor must’ve seen him as he placed a lightning bolt shaped bookmark in his book and set it down.
This is just a chapter I just happened to write. Most is just fluff but nothing too serious. Tony's a flirt and Steve is well, Steve.
Steve!” Tony shouted as he sat up; it was just a dream. He was panting and holding a hand to his chest. He looked around and he didn’t recognize where he was until he heard the sounds of snoring beside him; it was Thor. Tony sighed in relief as he remembered the events of yesterday. He rubbed a hand to his forehead as he sat up gently as not to rouse Thor (good thing he didn’t wake him when he screamed) and made his way to the bathroom.
Steve was stunned in place but grabbed Tony’s hands gently, “I can do it myself my clarity”. “Tony”.
“Tony? Please? Forgive me” Thor said cupping Tony’s face making him lookup at him. There were tears coming down Tony’s face and Thor just wiped them away. He leaned his forehead against Tony’s. “I’m sorry Tony Please don’t cry”.
“On my Honor and I have but only half an hour, we may converse after my shift. You can stay here until then. Try out the different beverages and treats. We serve dinner here as well. Let us feast later on. Thor Smiled at him again.
“You’re what cap?” Tony asked, receiving another sigh from Steve. ”I’m, I’m jealous okay?!” That took Tony by surprise but asked “Why?”
Tony was busy writing down a new program he was going to make when he felt someone tap him on the shoulder. He turned around to see a grinning Thor.
“I’m sorry Steve; you’re just really fun to tease. Don’t be mad” Steve looked over his shoulder to see Tony giving him the kicked puppy look. Steve caved.
He was wracking his brain on what to get the Iron Man also known to the world as Tony Stark, richest well one of the richest men in the world. Steve knew it would be a problem but he wanted to give Tony something for his birthday after all they’ve been through. He knew it was a problem but he’d push through it.
These guys are a bit out of character but I tried to incorporate Steve and Tony with Ruby and Sapphire.
Steve and Peggy were lip locked, Peggy was cupping Steve’s face and Steve was holding her waist. Tony’s world completely stopped and went entirely silent, only the sound of Tony’s breaking heart was heard.
Tony steered clear of Steve and Peggy. He mostly hung around Bruce and helped with his projects and Thor. They never did get to talk about him and Jane but Tony for once didn’t pry. Thor kept his spirits up the way Steve did. He’d make sure Tony was fed and well rested. Tony visited the café’ almost everyday and even brought Bruce there a few times to relax.
It took him an hour or so but he came up with a radar like app for his phone. The way it works is like when a bat uses it’s echolocation but instead of sounds it sends signals. It hones in to a person particular cell signal and sends them pulsing signals that detect where they are in the area.
Steve set up the new bag and was going to start another routine when someone came into the gym: Tony.
“There a makeshift door, you can thaw it out when the sun goes up.” Tony said as he looked at Steve who had an expression of awe strewn across his face. That made Tony chuckle.
Thanks so much for the Kudos and comments They mean a lot. I'm happy with the positive feedback. I'll be sure to make things more clearer and precise and make this story a good one :D
“Yeah, wanted to check this place out (lie) didn’t expect to see you working here.” Tony said returning Thor’s smile.
“Please rest up, I’ll stand watch until the sun comes up” Steve said as he returned to the dying fire by the cavern entrance gathering up more materials along the way.
His mind suddenly went blank. He was thinking of Steve again, something he wasn’t supposed to do. He’s going out with Peggy now, it wasn’t confirmed but there was no denying what he saw. They were going out.
Tony pulled away slightly but didn’t fully pull away from Steve’s embrace. He missed Steve hugging him and it’s only been more than a week.
Hey Everyone, Another chapter. Sorry for the wait :) Thanks for all the support. I'm really happy that there are a lot who like the story :) Enjoy
When his jacket and boots were removed, Tony led him to the makeshift bed they made. Tony pulled Steve down and Steve went along.
He was finishing up his gift, wrapping it in gold and red wrapping paper when he had the urge to grab a snack, his stomach added to the urge. He finished wrapping adding a bow he got from the store, a red and gold circular bow with a silver center. The wrapping made it look like Tony’s suit all folded up. He smiled at his work and made his way to the elevator.
“Thanks for helping out Cap. It looks great” Tony grinned at Steve. “I’m just glad it looks decent”. Steve admitted. “Hey! I could’ve made it work!” Tony complained crossing his arms over his chest. Steve smirked and raised an eyebrow, clearly not convinced. “Fine! It would’ve taken awhile but I could’ve done it.” Tony pouted up at him. Steve just laughed at that. They fell silent as they looked at what they had done.
Later that day, Tony’s party was simple and fun. Tony had arranged party games which involved games that attributed to each member of the team. The food was perfect and everyone agreed it was a pretty good party. Thor broke out his mead and oh boy, was that strong. Clint passed out and the others were barely holding out, well, Thor did and so did Steve but Steve really wasn’t much of a drinker and he kept Tony’s drinking to a minimum.
“Is the glow bothering you, I could cover it up” Tony offered placing his hand over the reactor cutting of a bit of the light.
“Tony! Wait! Nooooo!” Steve said as Tony jumped off the edge of the sky arena and they fell down beneath the clouds.
Steve stood there for a minute, his cheeks were a bit red from embarrassment and Tony had a slight flush as well.
Thor opened the room and turned on his lamp, Thor’s room was clean a bit of a surprise. He had a queen sized bed with plush pillows and a big comforter on the bed. “Would you mind if we share my bed?” The sofa isn’t as comfortable when one wants to lie down and the floor is simply out of the question.” Thor said simply leading Tony to the bed. Tony plopped himself on the bed. as Thor tied his hair into a low ponytail joining Tony. “I hope this is not strange?” Thor asked as he sat on the bed.
“You’re not getting it off, here” Tony then reached for his cheek and proceeded to wipe off the mark. “You must’ve done something sweet, I swear women love me, but they adore you just don’t let Vision know” Tony chuckled as he withdrew his hand. Steve’s brain short circuited.
Why did he run? Tony thought back to what happened. He saw his best friend/crush kissing someone. He felt surprised then he felt betrayed then sad then as he saw Steve looking at him; fear.
“Stark! Fancy seeing you here. Tis a surprise seeing you at such a small establishment.” Thor greeted warmly.
Tony was instantly filled with guilt, even on paper Steve sounds so sad. He then felt a familiar wetness on his face; he was crying again. He angrily rubbed at his eyes and shut his locker with a loud thud earning him the concerned stares of those around him.
Ruby Steve stood and shielded Tony away from the crowd and red diamond. ”It wasn’t his fault! It-It was me. I interfered!” Ruby Steve said in Tony’s defense.
Hi readers, I'm happy with the reception of this story and I'll do my best to make it great. Enjoy this chapter :)
“It’s time for our practice Tony, let’s talk about this at another time, I’m sorry we couldn’t finish this conversation; I hope you could work this out with Steve.” Thor said picking up his discarded food wrappers and cup. Tony called out to him “Please don’t let Steve know about me or this place.” Thor smiled and nodded in agreement and walked to the entrance. Tony sighed looking up at the sky praying he knew how to deal with this.
He was small in his physical form. He had deep brown hair and dark chocolate eyes. He had markings on his face that with humans could resemble facial hair above his lip and along the sides of his face. He was dressed in a garb most noblemen wore.
Steve smiled at that and made his way to the coffee machine by the counter. Pouring himself a hot cup and bringing the pot to add back a bit of warmth to Tony’s slightly cold coffee.
“Ah, I see, what would you like to order, the selection here is quite extraordinary but you may request your own if you happen to have certain preferences with beverage choices.” Thor said eagerly. Its apparent Thor likes his job here.
Tony was standing there, at peace with how things went; he just hoped Thor could be happy too. He’d do what he can but right now, he had his own happiness to attend to.
Tony brushed a few hairs that started covering his face “Thank you Steve” he said with a grateful smile. Steve felt warm until flames erupted from the dried sticks and leave on the cavern floor.
“You were jealous?” Tony asked unsure. Steve looked at him surprised but looked away again. “I guess so” Steve said quietly.
“I foresee the rebels attacking within the day. They knew my presence could be troublesome and seek to either destroy me or capture me. I will act as the main decoy as your forces close in to corner the rebels. They will destroy the physical forms of several gems including 2 of my Ruby guards and myself. They will be cornered once my form is destroyed ,the rebels will be captured thus ending the rebellion” Tony said with certainty.
“Uh yeah, you’ve been hold up here for most of the day, Wanna go out?” Tony asked as he came close to where Steve was. Steve stood stunned. It was  over a week when the knight came into the tower. Tony being the one to help him cope was with him for most of the day and believe it or not Steve was jealous.
A few minutes pass until Tony pulls away. “Thanks Thor, I didn’t know what came over me” Tony said chuckling wiping at his eyes, he felt a hand wipe away the other side of his face. “Everyone needs comfort Tony, I’m glad I could provide you with some” Thor said smiling.
“Let us retire for the night” Thor said smiling as he stood. Tony was looking around if Thor had left a blanket or a pillow for him to sleep on the couch. Thor just gently grabbed him by the arm and led him to his room. “Thor? Isn’t that your room?” Tony asked tiredly. “Indeed” Thor replied simply opening the door.
He then saw a neatly folded piece of paper where the bag was placed. Tony put down the bag and unfolded it; it was a letter and he knew the hand writing; Steve’s.
“Same” Tony said diverting his attention to his cooling cup of coffee. “Can I join you?” Steve asked sincerely.
Natasha looked smug as Clint handed her a few bills but looked happy doing so. Bruce was smiling at them with pride. Peggy and Sharon were there too smiling knowingly and a few of Steve’s team mates and Thor too. He had a sad smile on his face. Tony needs to get things sorted with Thor soon but it could wait. They felt embarrassed that their moment was made in public but they couldn’t be any happier.
“Hey Steve” Tony greeted happily stretching up to adjust his position so that his back was against the tree.
It was fun for Steve; it was just him and Tony. If anyone had come to see them, they were nice enough to leave them alone; even Clint didn’t make an appearance. They finished at about 3 in the morning and they plopped down on the couch in apparent exhaustion. They would’ve finished earlier if Tony hadn’t initiated a few games of throw things wherever and Steve had to make sure things were perfect.
“Sleep well Tony” Steve said as he too was beckoned by sleep, holding Tony tighter as he drew him close.
Tony smiled at that and hurried off to the parking lot hoping in some way he could forget about today.
Steve was even sending him messages and calls but Tony doesn’t read them or pickup/ return the calls. He was acting very rash and childish but hey he was both and more.
“Hey, it’s gonna be okay, chin up soldier” Pepper said with a smile and Steve gave her a small one in return but still looked concerned.
“I, uh, Steve, you, uhm, I, well” he didn’t make sense but just abruptly stood up trying to make a break for it. Steve quickly grabbed his wrist. “Wait! Tony, I, it’s okay. I uh kinda liked it” Steve admitted, his cheeks taking on color. Tony’s eyes grew wide. “You do?”
“I’m so excited to fight those rebels once they get here!” Ruby Rhodes said raising a fist in the air.
“Aren’t we moving too fast?” Tony said earning him a raised eyebrow from Steve. “Okay point taken but we haven’t been on dates and stuff” Tony said thinking.
He’s about 5’7 in height, medium build, dark brown hair and has chocolate brown eyes. He is also sporting a mustache-beard-goatee combo, much to the disapproval of Steve. He is Steve’s best friend having grown up together and eventually Tony began developing feelings for Steve.
"You did protect me, I'm still here if it wasn't for you, Calm down Steve" Tony said soothingly. "You know? I've always been weak but gaining your strength from fusing made me feel invincible" Tony chuckled as he remembered their earlier fusion.
“Lonely and forgotten, never thought he’d look my way, but he smiled at me and held me just like I want him to, like he loved me when he loved me”
Steve reluctantly let go of Tony’s hand and kissed him firmly on his forehead after being the first to rush out of the room, the others following him out.
The last bell rang and as he exited his class someone grabbed his arm and pulled him aside. He was surprised and a little bit terrified but he relaxed when he saw it was Thor.
Everyone was passed out now except for Steve and miraculously; Tony. They lay on the couch with Tony pressed against Steve’s side snuggling into him.
It's been a while, I've started thinking of better ways to write. I'm trying to add clothing descriptions and better descriptions in general. Please Enjoy.
It was only after a second that they realized the position they were in, Steve had held onto Tony’s torso and the chair and Tony clung to Steve’s arm. They looked at each other, things became a little awkward as neither made a move to let go. Tony took the first move and slowly let go of Steve’s arm prompting Steve to do the same.
“I’ve been here for a while huh?” Tony asked smiling “Let’s talk over dinner; I wanna taste what this place has to offer” Tony said standing up.
Bruce was at a loss, he never saw this side of Tony and he just did what he thought of best; he hugged Tony. Tony latched on to him, his soft cries becoming sobs as he held Bruce as if he was the only thing keeping him together.
“Tony!” Tony heard Steve call out to him, snapping him out from his daze. Steve was just as surprised as he was and Peggy looked at him sheepishly.
“Yeah, I’m alright, it’s just I was thinking and maybe the things that happened today are getting to me” Tony said rubbing the palm of his hand against his temples.
“Tony” Her tone was softer now. “What’s happening between you and Steve?” We’ve all noticed how you’ve been avoiding him. Steve’s been different. Not the strong confident happy Steve I’ve grown used to seeing. He’s so vulnerable, so broken-‘“He’s got Peggy to comfort him right?”. Natasha’s eyes grew slightly in shock.
“Can you finish the song?” Tony asked quietly his eyes were shiny with unshed tears. Steve nodded propping the guitar on his lap as Tony sat beside him. Steve strummed and sang the last few lines.
Tony had taught Steve how to disassemble his suit from the outside if anything like this ever happened and he was glad that they didn’t have to pry him out of it. As the face plate came off, Steve saw bruising and blood. His blood ran cold. They usually got injured in these fights but Tony was in better shape in the past.
“We’re both so dense right? Tony asked smiling up at Steve reaching for the tears that have fallen on Steve’s face. Wiping away each one as a few more fell down.
“I heard he was woke up” Pepper said with a smile but it faltered a bit. “You look troubled Steve, did anything happen?” She asked full of concern. Steve looked at her sadly. He explained what had happened and Pepper placed a gentle hand on his arm, offering what comfort she could give.
“Rest well Steve” Tony said getting more comfortable as the fatigue from the day caught up with him.
It's been a looooong time since I uploaded a chapter. I've thought this one through (enough) and I'm happy with the results. Meet Tasha and Clint. More to come :D Enjoy!
Tony Knew this was going to happen and accepted the fact that he'll be a casualty, but Steve didn't.
Thor immediately smiled. “I have just the thing! Find a place to recline and I’ll serve it to you in a short while” Thor said adjusting his apron.
“I’m sorry Steve”. They stayed like that for a bit until Tony pulled away but not totally away from Steve’s arms.
“You’d do that?” Tony asked disbelievingly.  “Science bros,right? I’m gonna look for him and then I’ll send you a txt when I find him” Bruce said with a smile.
“You do?” Tony asked slowly. Steve just nodded sliding his hand from Tony’s wrist to his own hand. Tony looked at their joined hands and asked, “Since when?”
Tony had given Steve his lockers’ combination before so Steve can get things for Tony when he was being lazy. The coffee was warm but not hot and the muffin was too. Steve could have made these before going to class. Now he felt really guilty. Did Steve deserve this? Tony leaned his head against the cool metal of his locker and let the cool metal calm his thoughts.
The beings were known as Gems, sentient humanoid creatures that had a crystal embedded in parts of their anatomy. Each gem was created for a specific purpose and had a specific hierarchy. Gems of nobler class were rare and possessed unique abilities and other commoner types were for menial work such as soldiers and servants.
Thor smiled at that and they went up to the counter. Thor suggested a few items and Tony was eager to try them. The place had a decent selection of food ranging from snacks to true dinner items. They settled on a mix of both. Tray in hand they settled for a booth on the corner for privacy and for Tony a vantage point.
Tony helped him be introduced into the future and Steve gave him a glimpse of the past. Of all, Tony was the one he’d gotten close to. He was pushed from his thoughts as the elevator doors opened. He turned on the dim light as he entered the floor. He shook his head and made his way to the kitchen. He was busy making himself a few sandwiches when he heard something crash in the living area on the other side of the kitchen.
Tony hung his head as the onslaught of emotions attacked him. “I-I don’t want to end things with Steve” Was Tony’s simple reply.
Tony took a deep breath and sighed heavily. How was he going to tell Thor? What will happen tomorrow. He picked up his pad and pen and started writing again, waiting for Thor’s shift to end.
“I, I need to think Bruce. I need to think of what to do from here. Things will be different with me and Steve from here on in but he’s still my best friend. I just have to deal with this on my own for now.” Tony said getting up from the stool. Bruce joined him as they walked to the door.
He shortened the list more, opting to skip places with alcohol, he finally decided on a place; a small café’ within the city limits.
Tony’s Ruby guards sprung to action, Steve turned to Tony “Please seek shelter my Sapphire”. Tony just gave him a sad smile. “It’s okay Steve, I know what’s going to happen, just do your best, okay?” Steve wanted to protest but the rebels were decimating the other gem warriors.
Steve turned back to Peggy and they started walking again then he saw Peggy hook her arm around Steve’s and he was hit hard with a wave of emotions most of which was jealousy. He looked away thinking what else he could do to not make him feel so crappy until he’d see Steve again.
“I never thought that Steve Rogers was one to eavesdrop” Tony said wrapping his own arms around Steve.
“Want your present?” Steve asked looking shy. “NO WAY! YOU DIDN”T!” Tony asked astounded. Steve just smiled nervously. “It’s too early buuuuuuuuuut okay!” Tony said grinning. “I’ll go and get it then” Steve said getting up to go the elevator.
“Tony, I’m your best friend right? Or at least still I think I am. Do you how hard it was going through the day without you? Each day I wanted to talk to you but you kept finding ways to completely avoid me?! Then today” Steve sighed running a hand through his golden hair. Tony saw Steve’s eyes were glazing over. “Tasha told me you wanted to talk to me and Clint said he saw you going down the hall and I, I wanted so badly to talk to you but what I saw it-it made me feel” Steve couldn’t complete his sentence.
He saw Tony jolt a bit not expecting anyone else to be up. He slowly turned giving Steve a nervous grin. “Hey Cap! I was just uhm, redecorating for tomorrow, yeah that’s it!” Tony said nervously. Steve just raised an eyebrow at him.
Tony noticed, he sighed as he leaned on the punching bag, “Tell me something cap, has the arrival of Knight Steve done something to you?” Steve was quiet, it was a yes. Tony continued, “When Steven came here I thought you two were alike, (Steve’s jaw clenched) You two came from different worlds and times so I thought you two would be companions in that sense but you’ve done nothing but avoid him. Whenever you would speak, it was only a select choice of words before finding a reason to leave. The only thing I wonder is why?” Tony asked looking at Steve intensely.
They were inseparable until one night on the eve of a solstice; a magical portal opened and out came a chunk of flying metal. Steve and a few of his team mates arrived moments after the entity exited the portal after being warned by Dr. Strange. Everyone was cautious as they came on the scene they didn’t know what to expect until the pile of metal started to move.
“It was a dream Steve, he’s here. He’s okay, he will be okay” Nat said laying a hand on his shoulder. Steve wanted to believe her but if Tony isn’t awake, he couldn’t.
“Happy Birthday Tony” Steve said looking back at Tony. Tony looked surprised but he smiled. “Thanks Steve, you’re the first to say that, Wonder if anyone else did?” He said looking curious. “I’m honored to be the first” Steve bowed slightly making Tony laugh. “You’re so cheesy, you know that?” Tony said panting from laughing.
Tony laughed at Steve’s embarrassment causing Steve to heat up more. He walked around the cavern and gathered a few sticks and leaves to help the fire grow, trying his best not to lit up the whole cavern floor.
“Tony! I’m here! Listen to my voice! TONY!” Steve cried out as he struggled in the darkness, slowly he watched as tentacles of darkness enveloped Tony’s body. Tony struggled in fear.
Tony had done what he always did and carried the bomb away from them. He had asked Bruce to throw him as hard as he can and used his suit for the rest. It had worked but with a price. Tony was caught in the blast radius which ended in him being unconscious and his suit depowered. The others who could take to the sky headed for Tony’s falling form. He was saved in time but as he was laid on the pavement, Steve prayed for the best. Tony’s reactor didn’t glow.
“Peggy? Oh, is it time for the meeting already? I lost track of time” Steve said as he stood and dusted himself off.
This was just Steve and Tony Centric, I feel giddy just reading it. Please tell me what you think. I'll continue the main story line in the next chapter.
“Nah, Steve and I usually shared a bed so, no worries” Tony said scooting a bit to the side so Thor could get on. Thor smiled as he did. “Hey Thor?” Tony called out sleepily. Thor hummed acknowledging him. “Why were you fighting with Jane today?” Tony asked stifling a yawn. He saw Thor’s expression fade. “Let’s discuss it at a later time Tony, rest now”. Tony nodded as sleep called to him.
“We’d best rest” Steve suggested standing up while dusting himself off. Tony nodded, as he stood as well.
“Do not be my friend, I accept defeat before the battle but I bear no ill will towards Captain Rogers” Thor said calmly closing the distance between him and Tony. “I pray for your happiness with the one you love” Thor gently took Tony’s hand and grasped it gently, leaving a sweet kiss on the back of it.
“You need more nutrients Tony but don’t worry I just put in the one’s you like but with enough nutrients you’d need.” Steve smiled sheepishly.
He’s good at keeping things chill as well. Having learned Zen and the art of relaxation, one could be sure he is one to maintain a level head, most of the time.
Bruce was startled when he barged him but he begged Bruce not to tell Steve he was there. He must’ve said something to make Bruce worry but he just nodded his head and Tony just entered the labs supply room hoping that Bruce would keep Steve away for now. A minute later he heard the muffled sounds of someone talking, he knew it was Steve so just braced himself against the door and prayed Steve would go away.
Steve managed a nervous smile as he told her”I’m not much of an expert, I’ve been sketching since I was young, and I do it to relax and to pass the time”
Ruby Steve just ignored them as they continued to where one of their generals dwelled on the platform. Steve looked back to see if Sapphire Tony was still with them. He had a tendency to be curious and wander off without letting them know; he was still there
Natasha and Clint were in front of him, Rhodey was holding pepper at one side of the room. Banner was holding what looked like a syringe.
“Tony! Tony! Toooony!!!!!” Steve reached out his hand almost reaching Tony but Tony was violently sucked into the darkness all light gone.
Steve liked him? He liked Tony? He never realized, they were just pining over each other and didn’t realize it.
“His mind was blank” I, Steve, I’m, Uh, I’M SORRY!” Tony shouted as he slammed the door shut and ran as fast as he can down the hall. A moment later he heard Steve calling out to him but he just ran faster. He knew he could never outrun Steve but he did know his way around the school. He rounded the corner and saw a place to hide; the science lab.
“I’m glad you find it enjoyable” Thor said with a smile. “Would you mind telling whatever it is that’s bothering you?” Thor politely inquired.
Tony looked at him fondly. He was the reason he didn’t want to get a degree, he didn’t want to be away from Steve. Tony was a playboy in the school but he only had true feelings for one person and that was his best friend. Steve didn’t know and Tony never wants him to. There were times he wanted to tell Steve what he really felt but he’d back out. Steve was a jock and a hunk. He could get any girl without even trying but he never does.
They descended further down until they could see the ground. Steve was filled with fear as they descended. Hi grabbed onto Tony as if to shield him from the impact but as they fell a few feet closer, Tony’s gem glowed and their descent had slowed down enough so they could float to the ground.
The room was an explosion of gleaming red and gold. Streamers, balloons and other party décor with Tony’s signature colors. Tony had even made little fixtures that looked like mini arc reactors. Tony wanted to have a night party during the day that will go way into the night. Only a few good people will attend so that’s why Tony wanted to decorate himself.
Steve rushed over to where tony stood frozen from ice that formed around his feet. The rain was helping create the ice, as Steve came closer; the air around Tony was freezing. Steve knew he had to find them shelter from the rain. He grabbed Tony by the waist and pried him from the accumulating Ice around his feet. Steve shifted Tony his in arms like he was carrying a bride.
Tony did go to some of his classes. Choosing to go through a few hours of mundane school life rather than drone in complete boredom. He could’ve skipped school and come back later that day but Steve would talk his ear off about irresponsibility and the importance of school and all that, having heard more than a few times kinda traumatized him from ever disappointing Steve again so he stayed.
“Why Captain, I’m not that type of guy, we haven’t been on a date yet” Tony teased making Steve blush harder. Tony laughed until the elevator dinged and they were on Steve’s Floor.
“What?” Tony asked curious. “When Peggy was kissing me, I didn’t feel like I was kissing Peggy. I was thinking about kissing you.” Steve said quietly and obviously embarrassed. Tony could see that Steve was blushing fiercely. Tony chuckled at the way Steve was acting, he was always the mushy emotional one, Tony was too more so than him, but he also felt overjoyed at the fact Steve was thinking of him when he was kissing Peggy.
Steve walked back to the fire but sat opposite to Tony. "Usually when me and the other rubies fuse, we just accumulate strength but with you, I felt newer abilities, speed and even insight." Steve said blushing. "I also felt different, good different but at the same time it felt weird".
With him as an escort were three Rubies, common soldiers sworn to uphold any duty given to them. Ruby Bucky, Ruby Rhodes and Ruby Steve. The Rubies were common gems decked out in their military uniforms. Each had their gem placed in different areas of their arms. Bucky’s was on his shoulder, Rhodes had his on the upper part of his hand and Steve’s was on his palm.
Ruby Steve nodded and looked upfront again only to be knocked back as Rhodes and Bucky started to jab at each other. Steve knocked back into Tony. There was a chorus of gasps from those around them.
“It’s fine Tony, I like it, it’s kind of like a night light” Steve smiled placing his hand over Tony’s and removing his hand from the device bringing back the soft light.
“You sound like a mom you know” Tony teased opening the container. There were slices of strawberries and kiwis and a bundle of green and purple grapes. He smiled at Steves choice popping a few grapes in his mouth. He offered Steve some and Steve reached for the kiwis.
“Go rest a bit, I’ll wake you when he wakes up again. “But….” Steve didn’t get to finish when he saw the look Pepper was giving him. It was the “I don’t wanna hear it” look she always gave to Tony. He did feel tired as he sighed and obeyed, heading for the cot he slept on in the room.
“JARVIS! Why didn’t you tell me Steve was on the floor!” Tony said to the ceiling through gritted teeth.
“Steve? There you are I’ve been looking for you everywhere” A British accented voice called out, a moment later a girl with long brown curls and crimson painted lips stood before them.
Steve was relieved and amazed about the abilities Tony was displaying until he fell the rest of the way and landed flat on his face as Tony floated down.
“Is this ok?” Tony asked as he lay besides Steve. Steve nodded. Tony was cool and Steve was warm their internal temperatures mixed in the most comforting sensation each had never felt before.
Tony stepped out of the room and wasn’t surprised to see Natasha vanish so easily. She could be a ghost the way she walks down the halls, always popping up when you least expect.
“I’d like that” With that Steve closed the gap and he was the one kissing Tony, Tony kissed back and it felt amazing. They separated a few moments after but Tony gave him a few parting kisses before they really separated. Steve caressed Tony’s cheek and Tony leaned into it. Steve smiled at him and hugged him tight.
He was sickly growing up but with the help of a kind doctor, he was given needed treatment and grew in every sense of the word. He is a few inches taller that Tony almost reaching 6 feet. He’s got Blonde hair and deep Blue eyes and the build of a superhuman.
Steve didn’t want to but he was being pulled back by Nat and Clint. Pepper was begging him to let the doctors work on him and that he’ll be alright.
She is a girl of average height 5’5, bouncy brown hair and is always seen wearing her signature red lip. She is a lover of the earlier periods of American culture. She often opts to wear vintage fashion from the early 20’s.
“That was one hell of a dream Cap! You were thrashing and calling out to Tony and we had to subdue you to get you to wake up. Bruce almost stuck the needle in you to get you to calm down”
“Whoah Cap, I better get you a warning device or something, bumping into feels like hitting a wall even without your armored uniform.” Tony teased as he recovered from their collision giving Steve a wide grin.
“This was the best Steve, It really was” Tony said happily yet sleepiness was evident in his voice. “It was Tony” Steve agreed petting Tony’s hair. “Good friends, great food, killer booze, seriously though, remind me to ban Thor from ever bringing that stuff again but maybe a little won’t be too bad, right?” Steve just hummed at Tony’s rambling, still stroking Tony’s hair. He felt Tony lean into his touch.
Steve’s room was less lavish than Tony’s. He’d given Steve free reign to redecorate as much as he wanted. It was a bit of a vintage feeling as if he was taken back in time. Steve had few belongings and his walls were decorated with sketches and paintings he made since coming to the tower.
Tony has a definite appreciation for all things related to engineering and caffeine. At times working late nights on projects while only drinking caffeine wherein Steve would haul him out of his workshop to eat something solid. He often speaks in rambles at time jumping from topic to topic in a conversation.
Steve was struck with guilt; he reached out and took Tony in his arms. “I’m sorry, you’re right I’ve been an idiot, you were spending so much time with him, I thought you’d-”, “Forget about you?” Tony finished wrapping his own arms around Steve while Steve tightened his arms around Tony.
At the word ‘my’, Steve’s mood changed immediately, now looking up at Tony, eyes bright and hopeful.
“Well, we’re definitely not the first ones to have sex.” It wasn’t uncommon before the pact, Tony thought, for angels and demons to have sex. It was mostly angry sex, a spur-of the moment fuck, full of hate for each other. More often than not, it would end with both sides feeling disgusted with themselves for what they’d just done. It’s exactly because of this that there were few, if any, angel-demon couplings. After the pact was drawn, it made it even more unlikely. The inborn hatred towards each other made them the most incompatible of supernaturals. Again, Tony could only wonder how Steve managed to ignore all of that. “I mean, fucking is one thing. Being a couple… I can’t even imagine how that would work.”
Tony finds comfort in that, because even with so many gone, by some miracle, he’s still here. Steve is still here. The rest of the original Avengers team are still here. And as long as they’re still here, they’re going to do everything in their power to make things right.
Tony genuinely smiled at this. This was the one that finally convinced him that it couldn’t be someone within the station that did it, because as far as he knew, all their art skills were pretty bad. (Except for the sketch artist, but Tony was ninety-nine percent sure it wasn’t her, but only because she already had a girlfriend.)
Before they knew it, the elevator doors opened, and Tony was being pulled down the hallway, towards the apartment at the very end. After struggling with the keys for a few seconds, Steve managed to open the door, dragging Tony in after him. The door locked behind them, and this time, Tony was the one to push Steve against it, their lips colliding together once more. While Steve’s hands were firmly on Tony’s hips, fingers just brushing over his ass, Tony’s were busy undoing the button of Steve’s jeans. As he slid down the zipper, he did the same with his body, sliding down until he was on his knees, face right in front of his crotch.
Steve returned with a bottle of lube, which he promptly threw onto the bed when he found Tony stroking himself to find some relief, biting his lip to stop the sounds he was making, eyes full of pure anticipation. Tony knew exactly what he was doing, making himself look as irresistible to Steve as possible, and by the way Steve’s eyes darkened even more with lust, and how he immediately got back onto the bed to pull Tony into a deep kiss, Tony knew it worked.
Slowly but surely, Tony came back down, blinking up at Steve, who was bracing himself on his arms, hair stuck to his forehead with sweat. Tony shifted slightly, only for Steve to start coming again. A moan escaped Tony as Steve’s cock, still rock hard and deep inside him, filled him up and marked with more cum, leaving him feeling debauched but satisfied.
“Of course she did! She told me everything! What, did you think it was my father?” Tony is really laughing now, a rich sound that Steve hasn’t heard in a very long time, one that warms him up immediately, from deep inside until it fills his entire being.
“You think by not telling me the truth, you’re protecting me?” Tony asked. “Do you know how lonely I can get when you’re not around? When you’re having your ruts, I keep my distance because I know that’s what you want, but I feel so lonely sometimes that it hurts. Now it kills me to know what you’ve been in pain this entire time, all because of me.”
“No, it wasn’t, but I’m just happy that I had someone looking out for me when I was hurt,” Steve said. “Wouldn’t you want that too?”
“Of course not, silly.” Tony squeezed Steve’s hand. “Even if it didn’t, it wouldn’t change anything. I would still be your mate.”
As he enters the bedroom, he hears a knock on the door. He doesn’t know who else would be up at this late hour, so he opens the door, only to find Tony standing on the other side of it.
Once Thor was done and returned all the cats but one, he walked to the crowd and the screaming just got louder. Being the friendly guy that he was, he stopped to take selfies and have a quick chat, really hamming it up for the fans.
All these ministrations left Tony breathless, torn between wanting to sit up and watch Steve, and wanting to just lie there and close his eyes to savour the moment. Before he could even contemplate what to do, Steve’s mouth closed around one of his nipples, suckling lightly while a hand reached up, thumb rubbing against the other.  Tony’s body jerked upwards, only to be held down by Steve’s free hand on his hip. He felt so warm with Steve’s large hands touching him, a sense of thrill hitting him at the thought of being pinned down against the bed by Steve’s large body. It was nothing like he had ever experienced before.
They weren’t alien to being held by the other. Steve needed this and Tony at times too this time they both did. “Talk to him Steve” Tony asked pushing himself from Steve’s chest but Steve still held his waist. Steve sighed, “Okay, I will”. “Good” Tony smiled relieved. “Still want to go out? Or we could stay in my room and watch movies like we used to?” That sounded great.
“I’m not mad” he said as he got his composure back and made his way to the elevator down the hall. “You’ve been on the roof sketching again huh?” Tony asked casually as he walked beside him.
“Then you?” Tony asked but Steve cut him off. “Like you? Have for a long time now” Steve smiled bitterly, the threat of tears were imminent. “Steve?” Tony didn’t know what to say. He just closed the gap between them and wrapped Steve in his arms as tight as he could. Steve was surprised but wrapped his own arms around Tony and buried his pace in his shoulder.
Steve waited excitedly as Tony cut open the bottom; he was anxious and eager at the same time. He then slid out what was inside and held it in his hands. For a minute Tony was speechless, he looked at the object in front of him. He opened it and Steve saw his eyes widen.
“Ah! I do not comprehend well with electronics Tony.” Thor said embarrassed” My shift is over, would you like to converse as what we’ve started before?”
Steve’s body filled with dread but he still remained firm in his stance of protecting Tony. Better Him than Tony he thought. Just then something grabbed his arm and he was pulled roughly and extremely quickly away from the crowd of outraged gems: It was Tony.
In what seemed like forever the voices grew quiet and Tony heard the sound of a door being opened and closed. A moment later, there was a quiet knock from the other side of the door and his body tensed on instinct.
Tony looked up at Thor. He wasn’t wearing his uniform and apron and his hair was back to it’s untied state. Thor’s choices of outfits were a mix of casual and theatrical. He was wearing a gray long sleeved shirt with a vest that had large circular silver discs, a pair of semi snug jeans and boots.
“Lo-lovely weather right?” Toy said managing a weak smile. Natasha’s stare hardened. Tony gulped in fear. “Wha-what do you want me to say?”
Steve waited until he saw Tony’s body lurch with a bit of wild coughing and wheezing. Steve hurried to his side holding his hand. The nurse did what she could, injecting a mild sedative to get Tony’s body to relax. Finally the coughing died down and for the first time in weeks; Tony looked at him.
It took a minute for his mind to register what was going on and in that minute Thor had pushed him against the wall, deepening the kiss. Tony felt dazed and confused by the sheer surprise of the kiss and the confusion that was brought on by Thor suddenly locking lips with him. Thor broke the kiss and was aiming for his neck when Tony pushed him away from him.
They stayed like that for a minute until Tony pulled away. “Best birthday gift ever!” Tony said giving Steve a huge grin. Steve smiled but he was surprised to feel something on his lips, it was Tony’s own. As soon as it happened Tony pulled away as if electrocuted. He was completely shocked at his own actions and he was red with embarrassment.
“I’m still new to this place and just by looking at the menu, it’s a bit overwhelming.” Tony said scratching the side of his head. It was true the menu selection posted against the wall was large, certain blends, drinks and food items written in fancy fonts. There was a specials board at the front of the counter as well.
Tony stopped mid gulp and swallowed nervously giving Steve a sheepish grin” Sorry, and yeah I should but I won’t.” Tony put down his cup and rummaged through the baggy Steve gave him pulling out a sandwich.
“Things have been going like this for a while Stark! I’m with Steve for most of the time cause of the student council meetings and projects and he’s been different, drastically different. He’s dazed, unfocused, uncomfortable, distressed and need I say more?” Natasha said inching closer to Tony. Each word Natasha said was brutally true and stabbed him each time she said it.
Tony exited his class and made his way down the hall until he felt himself dragged to a vacant room. Tony flailed but the grip was strong. He found himself flung to a chair. He finally saw his pseudo kidnapper; Natasha Romanov.
Their last super villain showdown was a concoction formed by a lot of villains. A whole potluck of baddies formed an alliance and went all out at different parts of the world, thinning out most of the heroes and the agents from S.H.I.E.L.D.
Steve laughed at that, “We’ve been going on dates and didn’t realize it” Tony thought for a minute. “oh yeah come to think of it, we have gone out a few times. But! Those weren’t official; you owe me an official date!” Tony said poking Steve’s chest with his other hand. “Okay I owe you an official date” Steve said smiling. “Good” Tony said happily. Tony looked at Steve lovingly which made Steve smile. Suddenly Tony felt something on his lips; Steve’s own lips were against his. Tony returned the kiss but kept it light.
“Hey Thor, watch where your going next time or let people know your around a corner so they wouldn’t bump into you and maybe cause a concussion” Tony joked rubbing his nose. Thor smiled.
“You told me not to disturb you as you were setting up, sir” The computer voice said with a hint of sarcasm. “Remind me to reprogram you!” Tony huffed in irritation.
“I’m giving him the one thing he doesn’t have, NOTHING” Clint smugly said. Steve just rolled his eyes at that.
Just then an alarm sounded and the sounds of fighting could be heard from afar. Red diamonds tent became mobile as a protective cage surrounded it and spider like appendages sprouted underneath, carrying him to safety.
Tony just nodded, downing almost half of it. “It’s great, I mean, superb or whatever. I mean just, wow Thor, You made this?” Tony asked confused and surprised.
He dropped what he was doing and went into captain mode. He kept his movements subtle but made it around the entryway when he heard a familiar voice and a familiar chain of swears. He sighed in relief as he entered their giant living room.
“You’re one of them” Steve was speechless and gave Tony a tight hug kissing the side of his scruffy face. They stayed like that and when Tony passed out, Steve carried him to his room, snuggling under the covers with him.
It tasted really good, a lot of chocolate flavor was there and there were even pieces of chocolate inside the thing but Tony felt strange this tasted familiar. He’s eaten this muffin before. He thought for a minute until he recalled; Steve made him these before. Suddenly it was hard to swallow and Tony fumbled getting the thermos open. Steve made these.
Steve sat on the edge of his bed with guitar on his lap. Tony had gotten him the guitar because he heard him mention something about Steve playing the guitar when he was younger. Tony had went through the trouble of getting him the guitar because he wanted to make Steve feel welcome and at home while they were living at the tower but lately Tony was different.
Tony had shrugged off his jacket and rolled up his sleeves so he could get his hands dirty without also ruining a particularly nice Tom Ford. He’d still ended up getting oil on his shirtfront. He sighed and tossed his tie over his shoulder so that he didn’t get oil on the silk.
“Yeah, well,” Cap said, and, yes, he was mad. He sounded frustrated. “It is. I had to run out on a date.”
Steve’s favorite lunch place was an old diner a few blocks away from the building Fury claimed was SHIELD’s real HQ (It wasn’t, Tony knew it wasn’t, and Tony knew that Fury knew that Tony knew it wasn’t, but that hadn’t yet become an issue). It was a mom and pop joint run by a married couple well into their golden years. The wife brightened up every time she caught sight of Steve, and he was enough of a regular that they not only knew his order, but often insisted on discounting it.
“Pepper, Pepper, Pepper,” Tony said, turning his wrist and sitting back on his stool. He rolled his neck too, for good measure; circuitry in the finger joints of the armor was a bitch to repair, though absolutely necessary if he wanted any sort of mobility. Not that he had a whole lot of mobility at the moment. His last outing had left him mottled with bruises and persistent back pain. Once he’d finished repairs, he was going to start on upgrades to the under armor. “I am shocked—positively shocked, I tell you—that you would accuse me of being purposely reckless.”
Steve bit back his tongue and casually asked “Need something Tony?” Steve set getting into a stance.
Tony ignored him and continued munching on his sandwich. They lapsed in comfortable silence until Tony finished his sandwich. “There are a few more things in there.” Steve said pointing to the paper bag. Tony rummaged again pulling out a container with various fruits in it and a Snickers bar.
Tony wanted to model for Steve and also to see the suit on paper drawn by non other than Steve Rogers.
It's been almost a year since I last updated. Been reading up on my old stuff and this one needs a good ending.
I just noticed I didn't describe the characters in terms of appearance. I'll add a chapter for Bios and focus on describing future characters :) Thanks so much for reading :D
“It’s okay Steve; I knew this was to be done. You did your best. I’ll see you soon kay?” Tony said as the pearl swung her word.
Softly Steve began to sing,” When somebody loved me, everything was beautiful. Every hour spent together. Lives within my heart”
Once done Tony looked for a place to “recline” as Thor put it. The interior was simple yet had a homey feel to it, there was a selection of tables, booths and recliners. It felt like a mix of a dining room and a den. Tony settled on a vacant recliner in the corner of the room. There was a fireplace there as well. This place would be perfect hang out for winter, he thought Steve might like it.
“I could see that and yes it’s almost time, Hello Anthony” Peggy greeted him with a smile, Tony just waved.
Believe it or not Bruce is part of the schools football team. Aptly nicknamed “The Hulk” Bruce is a monster out in the field. Some would even say he was a different person entirely.
Tony can be direct but this was a different kind of direct he didn’t see before. The last person Steve thought to share emotions just did.
He was at his wits end and Tony’s birthday was in a week. He needed to think, so he got his sketch pad and went up to the roof only to se he wasn’t the first to get up there. He saw Scarlet Witch had perched on one of the chair set up their. She saw him and waved at him. Steve managed a small smile and made his way to her. He hasn’t seen her all day, maybe she just wanted to get some alone time.
Tony saw his world spinning as he looked up. He felt sick and he felt his face was getting wet; he was crying. Tony realized this and rubbed at his eyes in hopes to stop them; they just kept coming. No one else has seen him cry, only Jarvis and Steve but he didn’t care about that right now.
Steve sighed defeated and took off his gloves as he made his way to the bench where his stuff lay. “I-I might be….” Steve said voice quiet but Tony heard nonetheless and walked over to where Steve was.
“CLEARLY! And How dare you fuse with a member of my court! You will be shattered for this!” Red diamond’s voice rang across the area.
That hit him in the chest. “I’m the worst right? My best friend finally has a girlfriend but he’s losing his best friend right? Some friend I am” Tony said dejected. Thor placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. “I understand Tony, not to a great degree but I understand but It would be detrimental if you keep avoiding this issue.” Thor said with small frown. “Give yourself some space but please talk to him”
: Bruce is another one of the schools resident geniuses. Having had a tragic childhood, Bruce is quiet and reserved.
They took the foreigner with them to S.H.I.E.L.D HQ and that’s when they learned of the Knights origins.
It's been a while and finally I made a chapter. This is how things started between them in this story. Just really full of fluff. I mean I needed something salty to counteract all the sweetness I wrote down.
