They were just trying to figure out what to say to John when Dean realised he was missing. They found a note saying he would be back in 15. Dean led the way as they ran out to find him.
Sam veered towards the bar. Benny slid him over a drink which Sam took with a boyish grin. Crowley thought it was a bit unfair how handsome the brothers were. The money he could have made if Sam had taken up dancing too. Unfortunately Sam had other aspirations.
He continued to lead Dean through the cavern to a path on the other side. They walked a few minutes then Cas stopped and laid his hand on the cave wall.
"About a week ago," Cas answered. He kept his voice level and pleasant. "I was called in to help search for and capture a feral alpha. Your…" he paused then used her term for John, "partner was there to assist."
"You seem to forget who I am," he said conversationally. "I am not some little human, or demon you can manipulate. I am Lucifer, king of hell.”
Sam had thought Dean should go alone but Dean had argued back saying “One of the first things he’s going to learn about me as his soulmate is that I am a package deal. Might as well get all the introductions out of the way.” Dean didn't also say that he was nervous and wanted Sam there for moral support.
Sam agreed and they hung up. Dean checked his watch. He had about an hour before he had to meet Cas.
He seemed ready to leave then he noticed Castiel’s fidgeting. Gabe followed his eyes and said “Oh yeah, Castiel here has something to ask you.”
"I agree," Bartholomew said. "I don't think soul mates were created except to help us find our perfect mate for procreation."
This week was crazy! There were crazy high temperatures here in BC. One town, Lytton, recorded the highest recorded temps in all on Canada at 49.6C (121.3F). Then a wildfire swept through the town and took it out completely!
“What’s going on?” Dean asked as he got out of the bed and headed towards Gabe. His scent was taking on protective and aggressive vibes.
He did the usual blacksmith stuff like weapons and farm tools but he also made the best cooking pots and pans in the area. Sometimes when Dean had some time or special metals he'd make little trinkets or jewelry. His stuff sold well but he didn't really have time to set up a stall. Luckily Sam did.
Dean opened his eyes to see Sam's face inches from his. He let out a yell and instinctively threw his pillow at his brother. Sam ducked, making a face as he did.
Gabe is coming back! I like the idea of Gabe being totally on their side. He never wanted to see his brothers fight and now he can help stop it.
He was woken up not long later by another phone call, this time Sam. Sam told him he was Lucifer's vessel and Dean's first thought was, of course he is. Why would anything in their life be easy?
Dean shook his head and pushed his face deeper into Cas’s chest. He heard a chuckle, maybe from Lucifer, then Cas spoke again more firmly, “Dean you need to get up. Your heat is starting.”
Dean stepped into view. He smiled at Castiel saying “Heya Cas,” to which Castiel replied, “hello Dean.”
"Yes, she has expressed those views in several of the assignments already. I had planned to speak to her about it. Now I won't have to."
As they approach the nest, Dean's nerves resurfaced. they hadn't moved past kissing and now they were jumping into sex. Dean was all for it but they hadn't actually talked it through. Dean knew how sex worked between two men but he didn't think Cas did. Even if he did, there were still things they needed to sort out, like how far they would go, who put what where, that kind of stuff. He knew what he wanted and could handle, Cas balls deep in him, but they needed to be on the same page.
Crowley rolled his eyes. He sometimes forgot how protective the brothers were of each other.  "Calm down Moose. A customer just got a little ruff earlier. And most of that bruising is makeup," he added when Sam turned angry eyes towards him.
Sam agreed. He and Bobby planned to go back over their Pestilence research and see if there was anything they had missed.
Dean thought about the question but it seemed that Bobby was asking out of fatherly concern so he relaxed and answered, "yeah, he seems like a good guy. Plus he bought me pie."
He decided not to read or listen to Jess's text and voicemails. He wasn't ready for it. She was a nice girl and good with Sam but he needed time to figure out how he felt. He knew he would probably forgive her but that didn't make what she did right.
Cas was still growling but he hadn’t lost any of his awareness. If he hadn’t been so mad he would have rolled his eyes at how John was acting. He looked so triumphant, like he had just won something.
Bobby had mentioned that he would be heading home the next day and Gabe was sad that he was leaving. He had grown to like the grumpy old man. The only good thing about him leaving is that he had promised to send some of his research to Gabe once he got home and Gabe was really looking forward to reading it.
He stepped forward to give Dean a hug but Dean side stepped him and handed off his drink. He then passed Jess her drink and said, "congratulations on your transfer."
Dean was afraid of his dad's reaction if he ended up soulmated. His dad could be unpredictable, especially when drunk. And unfortunately for Dean, he was drunk more often than not. Dean's biggest hope was that his dad would forget that tomorrow was Dean's birthday, or at least how old Dean was, and Dean could find out if he had a soulmate without that pressure.
He looked down Dean’s body to see Lucifer staring at him, eyes dark with arousal and maybe mild shock. Dean meanwhile sounded and smelled like he was on the brink. Castiel had a brief thought of tying up both his mates and seeing if he could make them orgasm through talk alone. He filed that thought away for another time.
"And they said no? Why?" Dean couldn’t imagine anyone in their right mind saying no to a date with Cas. He was smart, funny, very good looking, and a doctor.
Castiel rolled his eyes at his brother. This wasn't helping. In fact Adam now looked like he might pass out. Castiel felt a bit of sympathy for him. This was not how he had probably expected his life to go.
“Can’t Gabe keep watch?” he asked them. They both looked over and he held his hands out. “I would like my mates with me tonight.”
By the time he had Mary dressed and covered in sunscreen Cas could hear the voices of Sam and Gabe downstairs. He carried Mary down and passed her over to Jess. Mary loved her Auntie Jess and went happily. Jess carried her outside as Mary babbled cheerily.
Cas smiled. “I am glad,” he said. “I wonder if she would like to join us for Thanksgiving this year?”
He also gathered blankets in his favourite colours, blue and green, and added them to his hoard. Castiel didn't usually use blankets at home cuz he normally slept in his dragon form. But Dean was an elf and would need blankets to sleep. Castiel made sure the blankets he grabbed were the softest and best in the house.
Gabe carefully edged into the room and slowly made his way over to Jess and Meg. “What happened?” he asked them.
Dean woke to the lingering image of flames in his mind. He sat up and ran a hand over his face. Then he got up and plodded, naked, to the kitchen. He stirred the coals to bring the fire back to life and put on a kettle.
Dean was in bed with the babies between him and Cas. as he drifted off to sleep he quietly said, “flying with you was fun.” Then he nodded off.
That sparked off a heated debate where all that was really established was that Bartholomew was homophobic, Becky was an idiot, and Charlie was Dean's new best friend. She used so many pop culture references Sam even looked lost. Dean meanwhile slipped her a paper with his number that read "best friends movie night. You and me." She smiled and took it.
Dean found that odd. Bobby was family and had always had their back, but he figured everyone was under stress. Dean was happy hours later when he figured out Chuck's message but then Bobby rebelled he was actually a demon possessing him. He was accompanied by Meg. She forced a kiss on Dean which was somehow more insulting than the fact she was there to kill him. Bobby was able to get control long enough to stab himself instead of the Dean.
He felt hands on his ass, spreading his cheeks apart. Finally what he had been waiting for. But instead of the blunt head of a penis he felt the warm, wet heat of a tongue circling his hole. He looked back to see Cas eating out his ass while Lucifer admired the view. Soon Castiel was licking into him. It felt so good but was still not enough.
He was relieved to see that it was Sam at the door. He figured it was the lesser of 2 evils. He held the door open silently and waited for Sam to enter. Then he led the way into the kitchen, opened the fridge and offered Sam a beer by holding it up. Sam nodded and Dean grabbed himself one too. Next he led them to the living room where he had set up a pad of paper.
Sam threw a bitch face in his direction and Dean just rolled his eyes. "You need to calm down and get some sleep. You know how it works."
“I'll go get our blankets,” Dean said in response. He turned to head back to where their stuff was Cas stopped him.
"We know where he will be tomorrow. I will pretend to stick to the Winchesters original plan until I see him."
If someone asked him later how he made it to his car he wouldn't have been able to answer. He sunk into the familiar comfort of the leather seat and leaned his head back. He was breathing hard, like he'd been running, and he knew it wasn't safe to drive until he had calmed down. He reached under the passenger seat to pull out his box of cassette tapes and grabbed out a Metallica one. He put it in the tape deck, turned on the car, then turned the music up as high as he could stand it.
Sam grinned back. “It is definitely giving me some ideas of things I may do to our house in the future.” Sam responded. When they reached the end of the hall where the future door to the cave would go, Sam stopped and quietly said, “when everything is done Cas and I will put several layers of protection and enhancement on the door. The only ones who will be able to see it are the ones we allow. For now that will be you, me, Cas and the kids. Later we can decide if we want to add anyone else, like Gabe or Charlie.”
Dean took a deep breath. "The first one I noticed is on my chest, right over my heart. It looked like a star inside a circle of fire. The flames are on the outside." He paused to give Bobby time to write it all down. "The second one I couldn't get a really good look at but it looks like a pair of wings on my back."
Dean felt himself blush. There was something about the sincerity of how Cas  said thanks that made it hard to brush off like he normally would. “So what brought you here?” Dean asked.
His parents had been soul mates and after his mom, Mary, died, his dad had never been the same. Sometimes, when he was drunk, Dean's dad, John, would show Dean and Sam his soulmate mark and talk about what it had been like when he and their mom had first met. Other times he would rant against God and the universe, asking why they would create soul mates just for you to lose them.
"Who?" Sam asked, though Dean was sure Sam was thinking the same as him; Lucifer was looking for his vessel aka Sam.
After he finally left Dean turned to Meg and said “If I go into a rage and kill him I just want it know I’m not going feral again. He’s just a dick.”
He watched as Jess helped Sam have a glass of water, and was about to leave when he remembered to ask Sam if he had been able to contact their dad. Sam said no but that their friend Bobby was on it. Sam also said that Bobby would be coming to visit. Gabe promised to put him on the approved visitor list and left the brothers to sleep.
Jess showed up not long after they had gotten the kids to sleep. If it all went to plan she and Sam wouldn't have to do anything. Dean chatted with Jess a bit before he and Cas slipped into the night.
He turned to see Meg walking towards him. Following behind her was a pretty blond woman. Seeing Meg actually made him concerned. They had a new patient, a feral omega, that had been with them for the last week. He was showing signs of improvement and Gabe hoped this wasn’t Meg coming to tell him any bad news.
Dean was in a dark mood as he trudged towards the tavern. Sam had kicked him out of the house with the promise to watch the eggs. It sounded like a nice thing for him to do but Dean was sure Sam was just sick of him.
Castiel took a step towards him and Chuck blurted out, "you. It's you." Then he added with confusion in his voice, "and some other guy."
Dean took another sip. “That had been the plan. But now I've got someone interesting to talk to.” The man looked confused so Dean clarified. “You. I'm talking to you.” Then he held out his hand. “Dean Winchester, local blacksmith.”
Once Cas was dressed, he took Dean's hand and started leading him further into the cave. They only made it a couple steps before Dean stopped and said, “I can't see anything.”
"The whole pie is yours," Cas informed him as he presented the finished pie to Dean. "So you can have a piece now or even save it to take home."
Cas lifted a hand to carefully caress Deans cheek. Dean flinched slightly, the little actor. "Who did this?" He asked, his voice a low growl.
"Those are our brothers you're talking about," Sammy reminded him. "I'd rather not see what was coming next."
The woman thanked him then turned and waved to a car waiting at the curb. Cas was shocked to see the driver was John Winchester. When the woman saw him staring she said, "that's my partner John. He has a couple errands to run before he joins us."
“I'm glad to see everyone is doing okay,” she told them, looking around the table. “Just so you know Bobby and Donna are keeping an eye on Gordon until he leaves town. He won't be able to try anything. As for his men, none of them tried to run. Only one took the two years banishment and the other five are going to spend the next year in service to the town. anything left by Gordon will be yours to have if you want as compensation for your loss.”
Dean started pacing. “Are you telling me that one day before I was set to get out of here, I get put in lock down? What the hell!?”
Dean had regrets about how Cas came to find out about Dean’s feelings but he was glad that they had a solid friendship before they started dating. Cas had been his first love and now it looked like he would be his last love too. And now all the dates Cas planned were real one just for Dean.
Sam was still talking, telling him about the syllabus of his english class as they entered their lecture hall. Dean stopped dead as he caught sight of one of the most handsome men he had ever seen. He was standing at the front of the class organizing papers and didn’t notice Dean staring. Sam had run into his back when Dean had abruptly stopped. He looked over Dean’s shoulder (damn little brothers who grew up too tall), saw what had caught his eye and snorted. He pushed Dean to get him moving with a “really Dean?”
Gabe was impressed and had lots of questions. Unfortunately before he could ask them all, Meg came running over to give him an update on Dean, which could be boiled down to awake and distressed.
Anyways, have a good rest of the week and I do plan to post another chapter, hopefully a bit longer. It's will mostly be Dean and Cas hanging out, being kinda cute.
Dean didn't resent him any of his happiness. The kid deserved to have the best life possible. It was just that once in a while Dean looked around at everyone and their happy lives and wish he had someone too.
“That’s what Dean said,” Shepherd told her. “I still haven’t heard the man speak or anything but when I almost called him the nickname Dean had given him, Cas, he glared at me until i said his full name.”
Dean gave a shrug. “The first time I met him was in the tavern. He was having a bad day. I asked him why he was drinking, to celebrate or forget, and he responded by asking if that's why humans drank. Seemed like a pretty nonhuman responds to me.”
When Jo spotted him, she gave a grin and a wave. Sam thought she had a crush on Dean. Dean didn't see it but he had always been bad at picking up on flirting. Either way Dean saw Jo as a little sister and nothing more.
"Just think about it," Dean was talking again. "Part of our problem with heaven's plan for the apocalypse, besides all the death and destruction of the earth, was the fact they were trying to take away our free will. We were pawns in their game. But I'm suggesting we go in as kings."
"Big," Dean confirmed. "They seem to cover my back and even wrap around my shoulders. Have you ever heard of anyone having two soulmates?"
He turned to Cas. “So what do you want to do now? Maybe get some pie? We could ditch this loser” he gestured at Sam “and make it a date.”
Dean could have cum like that but he hadn't been lying about wanting Cas inside him. So he let go of his own dick and, spreading his legs wider to make space for him, he guided Cas to his entrance. It took a couple misaimed thrusts then Cas was sliding inside.
Dean still thought the therapy idea might be best for Michael and Lucifer. Maybe if he survived all of this and made it back to his time he would suggest it. Hell, Gabe and Cas could go too. Maybe get a group rate,
“None of your rabbit food, get me some real food.” Dean said. As Sam headed out the door Dean called after him “Don’t forget the pie.” Sam yelled an acknowledgement back.
Bobby was standing next to Dean, also focused on something under the hood. Castiel didn’t want to startle them so he waited for them to notice him. He stayed there in silence for several minutes before, without turning, Dean asked, “Do you need something or are just going to stand there like a creep?”
Sam nodded. "Whoever built the maze spoke English and the only way through that room was a knowledge of English puns."
Cas chuckled. That was the fierce omega he had mated. He gave Dean a kiss then stepped back, picked up his bag, and left the house. Dean followed him as far as the front door and watched as Cas got into his car and drove away.
Through the day Castiel played with Dean. He shared all his toys, even his most favourite ones and when snack time came he even shared his cookies. At nap time Castiel led Dean over to a corner and set him up with lots of blankets and pillows. Castiel slept next to him so that Castiel was between Dean and the other kids. He was feeling protective of his new friend.
It should have made him euphoric but instead Dean let out a sob. The room started to fill with the scent of distressed omega. Dean was feeling too vulnerable to care.
"Mostly, it was the way you talked about Armageddon." Dean added. "Call it personal experience. Nobody gets that angry unless they're talking about their own family."
Cas stared into Dean’s eyes. “It was right after I had been dragged back to heaven and my memory was wiped. I was the one who let Sam out when you and Bobby were trying to get him detoxed from demon blood.”
The courier, who probably didn't want to be up at that hour either, glared at Dean but kept his professionalism as he said “I have a parcel and letter for a Dean Winchester, local blacksmith. The sender was insistent that it got here as soon as possible and told me to wake you if necessary.”
"So did you get one?" Sam asked. His eyes were searching every bit of exposed skin, looking for a mark.
Dean rolled his eyes. That was just like Cas. He knew that Sam would worry about Dean and that if Dean had been in a better frame of mind he would have worried about Sam. He was a good mate.
Dean thought about it then said "Smart, leader of the rebels, looks good with a gun… there are worse people I could be."
Dean held up his hands in a pacifying manner. “Slow down there, Sammy. Cas and I aren't courting.” At Sam's disbelieving look, Dean continued to defend himself. “Seriously. Last time Cas and I talked about anything like courting and mating was before the fire. And he told me that it never worked out between humans and dragons. As far as I know, nothing has changed.”
Cas handed his phone to Dean. there, on the screen, was an email from the adoption agency saying they had been approved. They even had a couple children they thought might be good fits.
“Good, cause I have a favor I wanted to ask of him,” Dean hesitated but continued, “I want to ask if he could heal Bobby. I know you would do it but since you are cut off from heaven you can’t. I wasn’t sure if Lucifer would have a similar limitation.”
Dean couldn't argue with that, so he shrugged and said, "speaking of impatience, what happens now? When do we get to the mating?"
That was not reassuring to Dean and the fact he collapsed right after was worse. With Sam’s help Dean got Cas to a bed. Dean did not like seeing Cas like this.
They played for hours, only stopping to go to the bathroom and get snacks. When Castiel's mommy called them down for dinner, they were happy to see pizza. They all ate together including Gabriel, who teased Castiel the whole time. It was okay though because he snuck them candy after.
Sam only makes a guest appearances in this fic, but in my imagination a lot of the dancers, guys and girls, have crushes on him. And he has no idea because all those same dancers are too scared of Dean to say anything.
By the time he got back to Sam his brother was already holding 3 or 4 books and had barely made it past the first shelf. He dumped the books into the bag Dean gave him and was going to keep browsing but Dean stopped him. "Sammy we can get everything we can fit in the bags for 5 bucks each," Dean explained. "I want you to look for anything you need, new shoes, jacket, whatever. Stuff the bag as full as you can and if there's room at the end you can put in more books."
Kate didn't seem to notice as she cheerfully introduced them. "John meet Castiel Novak. He's the one hosting this BBQ. He is also brother to Doctor Novak."
"I talked with a really cute waitress," Dean continued. "then some guys  came in and started to harass the waitress. I think I said something but it gets hazy from there."
Dean was close to panic and both Cas and Sam were looking at him in concern. Cas walked over to Dean and patted him awkwardly on the shoulder. It was as if he’d seen a picture of the action but never experienced it. It did startle a laugh out of Dean. Cas looked very pleased with himself.
They turned a corner and the path descended into a wide space, big enough to fit two dragons Cas’s size. The ground was covered with a golden moss. Dean leaned down to touch it; it was soft and spongy.
Castiel gave him a slight smile but said “I’ll let him tell you.” He stood up and stretched his own wings. “Just remember to stop ignoring him.” And Castiel was gone.
Dean was still in the bathroom when she got there. At least the shower was off. Jess handed Sam a breakfast sandwich and offered one to both Bobby and Gabe. Gabe declined but Bobby grabbed one. Sam also passed one to Dean through the bathroom door.
Cas watched as Dean puttered around the kitchen getting everything ready for the bbq that afternoon. Cas had been put in charge of chopping vegetables, while Dean mixed up his famous hamburgers.
That had been two weeks ago. Between the men's manual labor and Sam and Cas's magic, the construction was coming along quickly. Dean guessed it would only be another week or two before they could move in.
Sam came out of Bobby’s house as soon as they touched down. He went forward and gave Dean a big hug. “How was your week?” he asked with a big grin.
Dean had been in love with Cas for years. They had been friends since middle school and had kept in touch even when they had gone to different colleges and universities. Whenever there was a break they would meet up and hang out. When Cas finally got his medical license he moved back to their hometown. Dean had never left and was delighted to have his best friend back.
Gabe was just getting the paperwork to release Dean when things went off script. Meg came rushing into his office and told him that there was a feral alpha being brought in, eta 15 minutes. Gabe swore. He was incharge of the feral ward but as an omega he couldn’t personally treat a feral alpha without risk to himself. So he had to get everything ready then clear out. They also had to make sure to lockdown Dean’s room. If the alpha got loose somehow they had to make sure Dean was safe. They couldn’t move him from his room, it was too early, plus it was one of the most secure rooms in the hospital.
The brothers both stared at her. They knew Charlie well enough by this point to know Dr Novak was not her type at all. She saw their looks and snorted “Gay, not blind,” she told them. “Anyways why does Dean need to talk to him?”
Once they were out of sight, Dean looked over at Cas. he suddenly felt shy and wasn't sure how to proceed. He knew he had to take the lead, Cas was a virgin after all, but he didn't want to be too eager or rush Cas into anything he didn't want.
As they entered Lucifer heard a gruff voice yell out “Quit your yelling, Sam. I’m in a wheelchair not deaf.” Moments later a man rolled into the room.
He gave Dean another kiss and settled in to wait until they could head home to their hoard where they belonged.
Dean felt a huge sense of relief at Sam's reaction. He covered it with a roll of his eyes and a sarcastic "nice observation Sherlock." Then he turned slightly. The movement hid the mark on his chest and exposed the wing on his shoulder. Sam's eyes went bid and he pushed Dean until he was standing with his back to Sam.
“I don't understand why,” Cas stated again, adding, “I think anyone should feel honored if they were your lover.”
Both Dean and Sam stared at him and he clarified. “I was wondering, if Sam is willing to watch the children, if you would like to accompany me as I investigate the caves?”
Sam seemed to pick up on it though because he immediately promised “I’ll get you a cell phone so you can talk every day. And I’ll talk to Gabe. He might be able to give us an idea how long it will be.”
Cas  slept through it all. He even slept through Sam bringing Dean breakfast. Dean had to check a couple times to see if he was still breathing.
So this story was originally going to end with the chapter before this but there was one thing I couldn't get out of my head.  You know when something good comes out of something bad and everyone is like "well, it's a good thing that bad thing happened"? Yeah I wanted to address that (as well as I could). At first I was going to have Jess do the "and it wouldn't have happened if not for me" but actually wanted to like Jess so I scrapped that. I hope this captured my vision.
Sam nodded then stood to give first Cas then Dean a hug. “Thanks so much for everything,” he said as he stepped back to give Jess room to hug them to.
Dean gave him a look and took another sip of his coffee. He knew Sam couldn’t help himself, he had to be nosy. Sam waited but when Dean didn’t answer he continued, “Cas said something about you being upset that Lucifer hasn’t come around?”
A phone rang in the kitchen and Bobby went to help whichever hunter needed him. Ellen and Jo watched for a couple minutes but then quietly told Dean they were going to go grab some groceries and dinner. Dean dug out his wallet and passed them some money asking them to grab him some pie. They headed out soon after.*
"We mate in threes not pairs like humans. It is so that there is always someone to stand guard, even when the omega is in heat and in need of constant copulation."
Sam checked out the house where the deaths had happened while Dean checked out the coroner's. He had just gotten back to the hotel and was drinking a beer when Sam came in. When he asked how it went Sam told him that there was no EMF and no sulphur ruling out ghosts and demons. Dean was sad to hear that. It would have made things so much easier. As it was all they had to go on was two people eating each other to death.
Raphael made the case that it was Lucifer since he needed all the rebellious angels he could find. It put a seed of doubt in Castiel's mind but even so it didn't sound like Lucifer to him. Raphael seemed to have forgotten that Castiel knew Lucifer better than most.
Dean beamed at him as he walked away. Then he turned to Sam and asked, "isn't he the best? Just like I told you right?"
Bobby spun around with a jump and a swear. Dean turned more slowly, grabbing a rag to clean his hands as did.
Castiel looked at Sam, staring past his bravo to his insecurities. “Sam, I may be mating Dean but I would like to think that we have at least become friends. Friends help each other. Plus I am sure at some point I am going to need your help.”
He looked rough, like he had been in a fight and Dean desperately wanted to check him over for injuries. Without mean to Dean let out a low whine. Instantly Sam enveloped him in a hug. They stayed that way for several minutes before Sam managed to coax him back to the bed. Sam tried to distract him by talking about his school work and the interesting facts he had learned about alphas and omegas. Dean half listened.
I hope people are enjoying this story. If you have read any of my other stuff you may have noticed that while I normally stick to Destiel I do hop around with story types and tropes. So one of the stories I am currently writing is a medieval fantasy Destiel fic. I'm not sure when I will be posting it because I have been writing it all longhand on paper during my work breaks and have yet to transpose it to my computer. I'm pretty happy with it so far and am about 10 or so chapters in. Anyways I just wanted to share that and you may all enjoy it if I ever get around to typing it out (seriously I am up to 35 sheets of paper).
“Hello Sam. Is Dean and Bobby outside? Castiel asked. He knew Dean was, he could feel it through their bond but it seemed polite to ask.
It had been a few days since Dean had seen Cas. They talked on the phone sometimes, just catching up on how Cas’s hunt for God was going and how Dean’s own hunts were going. Personally Dean needed a bit of space. The last time they had been together had been intense. They had faced down an archangel. Even now thinking about Cas telling Raphael that the archangel was his "little bitch" made Dean slick up a little. He had to dust off his old heat toys to get some satisfaction. No beta girls for a while. This omega needed a knot, albeit a fake one. Thanks to suppressants he hadn't had a heat since high school but this is kinda what he remembered it feeling like. Man, he was glad Cas couldn't just pop in on him anymore.
Sam once again made his way effortlessly back to the corridor he had first encountered John. There he hesitated and said “we go this way,” indicating the way to their sleeping quarters.
Dean woke up with a splitting headache. It wasn’t a hangover, he had drunk the rest of his whiskey the night before but it was only a glass and a half. No, the headache was probably more related to all the tears he had cried.
Dean could tell it was important to Cas so he took another look at the nest. He didn't know much about dragons' nests but Dean thought it looked pretty good. The moss made it look soft and inviting. it was big enough that they were all in their human forms Dean, Cas and the kids could spread out without even touching each other. And if Cas was in dragon form, there was still room for the rest of them. “It looks great,” Dean told him honestly.
Dean put on a dramatic expression and said “I’m here to watch my soulmate get married to someone else.”
Sam rolled his eyes but promised. They finished saying goodbye and headed out. As they slid into the impala Cas turned his phone on. They had both kept their phones off for the day, not wanting any distractions.
“What can I do for you, Dr Adler?” Gabe asked politely. It was a good thing that Adler couldn’t read his scent, it would give away how much Gabe loathed him.
Gordon started to sputter something but Sam lifted his hand and he went quiet. Sam's voice rang out, loud enough for everyone to hear, “you came into my house, in the middle of the night, bound, and gagged my guest and myself, before dragging us outside. Then you made us watch as you set fire to my brother’s smithy with him inside. I know you knew he was in there. Why else would you barricade the door? Did you remember he was immune to fire? Is that why you did it?”
Dean shook his head. "He has plans with Jess tonight. I think that's the other reason he's so nervous."
"Why?" Dean asked. Lucifer opened his mouth to answer but Dean turned on him and said "you stay quiet, I'm talking to Micheal right now."
Dean was sad to see him go. He felt like he had only just got his brother back but Cas reminded him that Sam had his own life to live. Plus Sam had promised to visit whenever he could. That helped.
Dean had loved Cas from the first moment he'd seen him, back when he was 15 and Cas was 27. Cas had saved him from hell. Dean had joined a gang at 13 in exchange for his little brother Sammy being left alone (one of the high up members liked kids and had his creepy yellow eyes on Sam to be one of his "special children"). Soon Dean was picking pockets and turning tricks. One of the men, Alistair, took an interest in him and taught him how to use a knife as well as how to extract information. Dean hated Alistair, he had a way of torturing Dean without leaving a mark.
Dean couldn't believe it. Cas was still referring to it as their nest. Without looking up he nodded.
“Why were you going to say yes,” Jo asked Adam. She asked this quietly and Castiel didn’t think anyone else heard. They were still arguing if Dean was a king or queen. He, on the other hand, wanted to hear Adam’s answer.
Elizabeth was getting frustrated. It had been days since AR6 and AR12 had returned and they were no closer to finding anything out about their visitor as when they started the first day. Plus he had apparently been escaping his room each night and the security teams had so far been unable to discover where he had gone. She was reluctant to just let him leave in case he could become a threat to Atlantis but she was starting to warm to Shepherd's idea of just dropping him off on some planet.
It had been almost twenty minutes since Sam had gone in when he hit the call button. Gabe led the way into the room, only stopping for scent blockers, Jess and Meg behind him.
Eventually the touches transition to small kisses. Dean opened his eyes to see Cas leaning in to place kisses over his heart. Behind him Lucifer was pressing kisses over his back. The touches hadn’t completely stopped either. As Lucifer’s kisses moved up to his neck Dean felt fingers playing with the waistband of his pajamas. It was just little strokes, not going lower but making Dean very interested.
Sam cleared his throat. “I should get going. I’ll pick you up a new phone for when I come in tomorrow, ok?”
So the little thing about Dean being able to open a door that he shouldn't be able to was because, in my head, even Cas's magic thinks they should be together.
Sam stared at him for a moment. Lucifer thought he was going to argue more and was ready to step in but then Sam relented, “Fine. I’m sure I can find something around here to do.” Sam pushed Dean towards Lucifer, “Now go. Neither Bobby or I want you to start your heat here with two alphas waiting in the wings to mate you. It would be awkward.”
Gabe couldn’t help grinning. He had never seen an alpha/omega meeting like this and he was an omega. They smelled like mates. The air was filled with the scent of their desire for each other. Gabe was pretty sure if Dean wasn’t injured and Cassie was less of a gentleman, Dean would be stuck on his knot already.
Once Dean relayed what he had learned Sam tried to usher him out to have fun, reminding him it was Valentines day. Dean used to love the holiday before but now that he had Cas and Lucifer he wasn’t going to the bar to find chicks. He told Sam so and Sam asked if he had plans with the angels. Dean just stared at him. That was way past his comfort zone.
With a touch Dean found himself back in a motel room with Sam. They were just packing up when Cas appeared. He looked even worse than before. Dean grabbed him before he could fall and said “I’ve got you, you son of a bitch. You made it.”
Bobby’s face lit up. “Well I’ll be damned!” exclaimed. Dean heard Lucifer mutter something about not yet and ignored him. “This calls for celebrating.”
Gabe had known he liked Bobby. The man had taken charge of the situation but they all knew he would take the time to explain it properly to Sam later. Gabe was glad the brothers had this man in their lives. From what he had seen and heard he made a better father than their own.
Castiel looked at the flames around him then back at Lucifer. "I have some condition," he informed the archangel.
Reluctantly he got up and made his way to the door. He opened it without checking and saw Cas standing there. They stared at each other for several long moments before Dean stepped aside to let him in. Just like with Sam, Dean started by leading him to the kitchen. This time instead of grabbing a beer he put his kettle on and grabbed down mugs and the tea bags he had bought just for when Cas visited.
He had been distracted when he realized Dean had left. That's why he lost. He had tried to reestablish dominance but it was too late.
When they reached the town Dean was unhappy to find that not only was there no people around, they couldn't get cell service to call Bobby if they needed to. They split up, him and Sam checking out the PD and Ellen, Jo and Cas checking out the rest of the town. He and Sam found no one so they headed back, running into Ellen and Jo who said Cas had run off, saying something about reaper. Dean didn't like it one bit.
He was pulled from his thoughts when an alert chimed at the nurses station and a light flashed over Dean’s door, indicating that the call button had been pressed. Gabe sent a quick text to Meg. He might need her help if things were bad but he told her to stay outside the room just in case.
Once they were inside, Dean gently lay Cas down on his bed. Then he set the knife aside and went about lighting enough lamps that he could properly see. When he finally got a good look at Cas, Dean inhaled sharply.
Cas told him about what he had realized during the fight and his subsequent phone call with Gabe. The kettle had boiled by that point so Cas got up and made them both a cup of tea. When he handed Dean his and moved to go back around the table, Dean grabbed his wrist and motioned him to sit in the chair next to him. When Cas did, Dean didn't let go. Instead he moved his hand down so he was holding Cas’s hand.
John was prepared to make a witty comeback but Sam spoke first. “Actually we were looking for him,” he said, indicating the man sitting quietly near Dean.
Sam gave him a look and said “and this is why. You are going to leave Becky alone and I am going to get a restraining order so she has to leave me alone.”
Gabe meanwhile had lined up a therapist for Dean to talk to. Dean had blanched at the suggestion and almost refused to go but Cas had talked to him. He explained that seeing a therapist was not a sign of weakness and after all Dean had been through, including going feral, he could possibly learn some new coping mechanisms. It might help him from going feral again. Reluctantly Dean had agreed.
Castiel noticed that Lucifer still hadn’t moved his hands from the tops of Dean’s thighs. It was like he was waiting for Castiel permission. It was a powerful feeling.
Dean glared at Sam but in the back of his mind he was already making plans to talk to Charlie. Charlie was good with computers. She could do something to make Becky’s life miserable. The idea cheered Dean up.
Famine stared at him a moment then started to laugh his wheezy laugh. "You think you can stop me." He laughed again. This time one of the demons laughed too.
Dean knew she was probably right. Not wanting to talk about it anymore he changed the subject to Charlie's love life. She was happy to tell him that things were serious with Gilda. He asked about Dorothy, the other girl Charlie had been crushing on. Apparently they talked and Dorothy wanted to focus on making a name for herself as a mercenary for now. Charlie was fine with how things turned out. She felt like she and Gilda were a better match anyways.
“You won’t give it to me,”Dean choked out, embarrassment making him close his eyes again. “I need it but you won’t give it to me.”
“He was really worried,” Lucifer told him. “He was hiding it well but I think the relief of seeing you better has gotten the best of him.
He ignored Sam’s glare as he got up. He pulled on some pants, fixed the blankets covering Cas and checked on the eggs. Then he led Sam outside.
Dean grinned at him. "Possessive bastard," he said with no real heat. They both knew Dean was just as possessive. Luckily they both loved it.
"If he wants a fight, he will have to fight me as well," Castiel informed them, "and I don't think he would want to do that."
They were so cute! Dean leaned against Cas who wrapped his arms around him as they watched them play.
It was when Cas asked “what are those?” in an awed voice that Dean remembered why Cas shouldn't be near his forge. Cas was staring into the depths of Dean's forge (not a euphemism) at the dragon's eggs. Dean didn't even have a good lie on him so he said nothing.
She nodded and Meg turned to lead her away, calling back over her shoulder, “have fun with your alpha tonight.”
Dean and Cas had met with her and Sam not long after they started dating and told her that everything was forgiven. Even with that it took a bit of time for the two men to warm back up to her. But Sam loved her so they made the effort and now they were all getting along great.
Sam looked at Castiel then at Gabe. “Is this an alpha/omega thing I don’t understand? Does the gift have any significance beyond just being a nice thing to do?”
Lucifer hadn't known that. He looked at Michael who was staring at Dean like he was trying to understand.
Dean explained that he was going to make some knives. Cas seemed interested so Dean found himself explaining the whole process and how he planned to eventually plate at least two of the knives in gold.
Sam had brought home a large ham that would last them a few days, a bunch of fresh vegetables and a couple loaves of bread. While they ate Sam caught Dean up on all the local gossip. It was the regular stuff, who was pregnant, who was dating, who was stepping out on their spouse. Besides being interesting, gossip was great for merchants, wizards and the like to know what they had to stock and sell. Dean could see Sam making lots of safe pregnancy/ safe childbirth charms in the near future.
The nudge came again more insistent this time. “Cas” Dean groaned, “wake up and see what the kids want.” Dean felt the wing that had been covering him lift as Cas woke up.
Dean didn't say anything because Cas had apparently reached the end of the letter. “Do you trust this Gabriel? Do you believe that what he wrote is true?”
Gabe stared at him in alarm. He had a child? No one had mentioned that. But Sam explained before he could ask questions “Baby is his car.” That calmed Gabe down immediately and Sam started to calm Dean down by explaining where his car was.
There was no resistance. Between the heat and the prep work Cas had done Dean’s body opened up for him. Cas kept pushing until he was all the way in. Dean pulled his mouth away from Lucifer’s enough to gasp for air.
Gabe was asking her questions and getting answers when he heard Sam tenativelty say “Um, Castiel? Are you alright?”
The two alphas were standing next to each other waiting for them. Dean heard Sam whisper questions to Gabe but he wasn't paying too much attention. God these guys were hot, he thought.
“Can you put something on my forge, a kind of ‘nothing going on here’ to keep nosy customers from seeing anything?” Dean asked. Sometimes his customers want to watch Dean work, especially if they were buying weapons. Dean didn't want to have to kick them out, it wouldn't be good for business, but he didn't want them to see three dragon’s eggs at the heart of his forge.
"Lucifer assured me it would be private." Cas must have correctly interpreted the looks Sam, Dean, and Bobby exchanged. "I told him not to kill anyone. It will be empty but the humans will be fine."
Gabe didn’t know this Sam Winchester, as Castiel had informed him his name was, but anyone who would abandon an omega was a jerk in his mind. He had to keep reminding himself to keep an open mind, that he didn’t know all the facts but it was hard.
“Are you hurt? Do we need to call an ambulance? Should we stab it again to make sure it’s dead?” He asked as he patted Cas’s arms apparently looking for injuries.
In one way it just made sense, it just felt right. He and Sam had always been close. He thought it was just because of how they lived and the fact he had practically raised the kid. People often would tell him that siblings weren't normally that close but Dean just didn't get it. It would also maybe explain why Dean felt almost physical pain at the thought of losing touch with Sam. It was part of why Dean hadn't gone to college after graduating. He had to take care of Sam.
“We’re going to be dads?” Dean said tears in his eyes and joy in his heart as he read the email again.
Speaking of family, neither Dean or Sam had heard from their dad since they had left for college 4 years ago. Bobby still had some contact with him and could at least tell them he was alive but that was about it. It didn’t matter, he had never been much of a father. Bobby was more of a dad to them than John ever was.
Castiel’s voice broke through his thoughts and Gabe quickly pulled out the plates and cutlery they would need. He then filled two glasses with water and set them at their places. He was normally a red wine with dinner kind of guy but he was feeling a greater need to stay clear headed that night.
Dean was sure the gun was melted down but Cas had heard differently. He also was sure that it was the only way for Dean to kill the devil. Cas asked where he was and Dean told him city, hotel and room number. Cas said he would be there immediately but Dean put a stop to that. He reminded Cas that he was human and needed at  least 4 hours of sleep. He hung up and got straight to bed, not bothering to undress.
Then Zach noticed Dean was bleeding. Dean smiled at him, then put his bloody hand against the banishing sigil. The angels disappeared in a flash of light.
“I'll show you.” Dean said. He looked at the cut on John's palm and gave a little chuckle. John asked what and Dean answered “All of a sudden, you really remind me of my dad.” He knew John would never understand, but so far this version of John had been the complete opposite of what Dean knew his dad had been. It was interesting to see a glimpse of the man he would become.
Sam still hadn't appeared so Dean used his foot to bang on the workroom door while he yelled “Sammy, get your ass out here!”
“So is the dickbag of a brother supposed to show up today?” Meg asked as Gabe did his rounds that morning, looking in on Dean.
“Because I gotta believe that I can choose what I do with my unimportant little life.” Dean told him.
The answer came after the sound of fucking stopped. He heard footsteps coming towards him and opened his eyes as wide as they would go, which was just slits, to see Castiel and the stripper, Dean, walking towards him. They talked then Dean picked up a knife and Cole knew. This is why he wasn’t dead yet. But if he had thought Meg was bad, he hadn’t seen anything yet. Then he saw nothing again.
Dean gave a shudder as he remembered the future he had been shown months earlier. "Yeah, I think his plan is to spread the Croatoan virus."
They said their goodbyes and hung up. Cas sighed and rubbed his face tiredly. One of these days he was going to be able to talk to Dean without being tongue-tied.
“You didn't come for breakfast,” Sam said absently. He was frowning in thought and Dean knew he had more to add. Finally Sam said, “I didn't see any wounds. Are you sure he was bleeding?”
"Are you too busy for your omega?" There was no accusation in his tone but Lucifer felt the words slice like a knife.
Castiel narrowed his eyes slightly at Dean, not quite a glare, before cautiously approaching the cupid.
He yawned and saw it echoed around the room. He realised it was late and that they would all need their sleep for the next day. “Alright,” he said loudly, getting everyone’s attention. “We should all get some shut eye. Ellen, Jo why don’t you take a room upstairs. Sam and Adam can take the other one. I’ll sleep on the couch.”
One of the men, an airmen Scott, laughed and said, "it's Sam Winchester's first time through a gate, ever, and his brother Dean showed up with a packed lunch like he was sending him off for his first day of school."
So I actually thought I had already posted this then went onto my computer to discover I hadn't Sorry for the long wait.
He had told Dean about seeing his father, of course. Dean had immediately called Sam over to hear what Cas had to say. Cas had given them all the details he remembered including that he had a girlfriend and a son that was studying to be a doctor.
“I look like Dr. Angel Medicine Woman? He'll wake up. He's tough, for a nerdy dude with wings.” Dean was worried but was trying to play it off. Sam seemed to sense that. He suggested that if Cas landed like that so did Anna. That was only kinda reassuring to Dean. Luckily Sam had already found their parents address.
Everyone chuckled at that though Sam was quick to point out, “You’re smart, Dean. The only reason you didn’t finish school was because you were taking care of me.”
When he opened his eyes again there was something dark blocking his view. He reached up to push it away and realised he was touching feathers. All other thoughts left his brain as he bolted up and leaned close to inspect it. The wing was dark, midnight blue, almost black, with flecks of gold like stars in it. The wing shifted and Dean followed it with his eyes and saw that the wing was attached to Cas.
The two alphas put their hands over their marks on Dean’s shoulders. With their free hands they reached out to each other. Dean felt a warmth spread over him, one he knew from all the times Cas had healed him. The warmth built in and over him until, with a surprised yell, Dean came. It was so strong he blacked out for a moment. He had not expected that.
Lucifer promised himself that when they found a permanent nest it would have a kitchen for Dean. Only the best for their omega.
John shook his head as he left. He didn’t really know what was going on but that was a problem for after he got some sleep. He was out the moment his head hit the pillow.
Cas dropped the blanket and walked naked to get the clothes from Dean. Dean was starting to think he was doing it on purpose. Cas slowly dressed himself. It shouldn't have been so sexy, he was putting on clothes not stripping, but it was.
Bobby was sitting at his desk shouting something into the phone. Dean thought he caught something about epsom salts not working on ghosts, and of course Bobby called the person an idjit. When he caught sight of them he quickly ended the call.
"Yes, I contacted Gabriel," Cas answered. He moved closer and sat down next to Dean on the bed. "I also spoke to Lucifer. It is all set up."
Zachariah backed away from him, scared. Castiel spread his wings menacingly. Zachariah's wings twitched then lowered submissively. He asked how Castiel was alive. Castiel had a suspicion that their father had intervened on his behalf. When he insinuated this to Zachariah he fixed everything he had done to Sam and Dean then flew off in fear.
It wasn't quiet as bad where I am but it was still stupid hot. I have never been so glad I have air-conditioning.
For all his apprehension Dean was looking forward to getting out. He had been stuck in the same room for weeks. He might have been out of it for the first few days but that didn’t change the facts. Plus he wasn’t even allowed outside the room. He was sick of staring at the same four walls. Sam, Gabe, Cas, even the nurse Meg were good company and distractions but it wasn’t enough; he was going stir crazy.
She studied Sam as the team leader went over the mission for her. He was quiet but when he did speak he sounded intelligent. He was quite handsome and very tall, maybe as tall as Ronon. He seemed to fit in well with his team even though this was his first time going on an expedition with them. It made her think that he was socializing with them other times.
Then he looked at Adam and Kate and felt slightly sorry for them. They were standing in the middle of an ambush and had no idea. He just hoped that when the dust settled they would come out alright.
Castiel chuckled but stepped back. He sent a pulse of grace through both of them to tame their erections so as to not embarrass Sam. Dean gave him a quick kiss as thanks before leading him towards Sam’s voice.
Gabe got a text from Castiel saying he was on his way so Gabe figured he would go out to meet him. He made it to the hallway before Sam hurried up to him.
Castiel ducked as a fireball flew over his head and gave an inward sigh as he heard a crash behind him. He flung a fireball himself and moved closer to the man? demon? whatever that was attacking him.  He kept it up, dodging and attacking as he moved across the room. He winced slightly at every crash and the smell of burning wood and cloth hung in the air.
Cas's look became even more heated. Dean was already planning the photos he would send Cas during his office hours. He was thinking panties might have to be involved. "Well, don't you have to get going," he teased Cas. "Wouldn't want to be late."
Dean gets a first glimpse of what angel mating entails. Plus Sam being a supportive younger brother.
“Should I go get Bobby?” Sam asked as they started up the stairs into the house. Dean nodded and Sam went into the house calling for Bobby as he went.
"His brother was missing," Ronon said simply. "Dean traveled to another galaxy to keep an eye on Sam. You think he would just stand by when he went missing?"
"And now we just need to find the omega" Castiel heard Sam conclude. He looked over to see Bobby staring at Sam with disbelief. Castiel understood where it was coming from; it seemed that Sam had forgotten his brother was an omega, again.
Cas agreed and as she texted him back Dean announced, "well it's probably time for dessert." He turned to Sam. "Give me a hand grabbing It?" Sam nodded and they went off to the kitchen.
Dean was impressed. Gabe had gone after Gordon's manhood but Sam's curse would hit him in the livelihood. A lot of monsters could only be killed using enchanted blades or other magical enhancements. Gordon would still be able to hunt but not the type of monsters that brought fame and fortune, the kind he made a name for himself hunting.
Dean yawned. He could barely keep track of the conversation anymore. Cas was still rubbing his back and everything seemed safe and comfortable. He fell asleep.
It was a few days later Cas called. "Got him. The demon Crowley is making a deal. Even as we speak, it's going down."
Den talked to Mary next. She wanted him to explain everything but Dean didn’t know where to start. Finally she threatened to walk out the door and the truth burst out of him. “I'm your son.”
Dean watched as the other omega edged into the room and, not turning his back to Dean, made his way to the other people in the room. Dean hadn't even noticed one of the women, another  beta, before. She was staying away though. So Dean went back to ignoring her. The only one that really really got his attention was the other beta. He kept up a steady, threatening growl.
Gabe smiled knowingly and said "we can get you up and walking about now, if you want but I have to ask that you stay in this room. Given that you just came out of a feral state this morning I don't want you to be overstimulated and potentially revert back to feral."
Charlie rolled her eyes. “She hurt my best friend. She was a terrible ally. I’m allowed to hold a grudge.”
Dean smiled. "There's no fire, Cas. But from the way you looked panicked I would have guessed there was one."
"This should do you for the night," he told Cas. "I'll stop by tomorrow with some more supplies and get to work. At the very least I plan for you to have a proper door in place by the night."
He was just contemplating torture, when he heard Castiel calling. He thought about not answering for a few minutes but so far he had found nothing and he missed his mates. He sighed and flew to Bobby’s house.
“Famine!” He exclaimed as he walked towards him. He shook a finger at him “Have you been avoiding me, you naughty boy?” He gestured to the room. “Love what you’ve done to the place.”
The coroner let them in and told them leave his keys with security when they were done. Once he was gone they started looking for clues on the bodies and in the organs.
When they got into the town Dean asked Cas why there. Cas mentioned that a deputy sheriff had seen the archangel. Dean asked if he still had eyes. Then, realising it could be taken as a jab at Cas he quickly moved on to ask, "All right, what's the plan?"
Sam had been nodding sympathetically but when John mentioned 4 hours his face took on a look of contemplation. "I have an idea," he said after a moment. He pulled a radio out of his pocket and switched it to a private channel. "Dean, are you in your room?" He asked into it.
Then the surprises kept coming. Crowley told them he had wanted them to find him. When asked why he replied that he wanted them to use it to kill Lucifer. Dean asked why and Crowley reminded them that Lucifer wasn't a demon but an angel.  He figured that if Lucifer took out the humans then demons would be next.
He held out a hand and Dean came around the desk to settle on Cas's lap. There was a sound of surprise, probably from Cole as Cas's men would not be shocked by this display, they had both walked in on much worse. Cas ignored it, all his focus on the man in front of him.
Dean let out the breath he had been holding and felt the first glimmer of hope since Cas had started talking.
Dean gave a small laugh. Sam always insisted on calling Dean's fire immunity magic, even if it was all Dean could do. “I don't think so Sammy,” Dean said. “I don't think the guy’s even human.”
Dean felt a nudge and he groaned. He and Cas had been up late the night before reenacting the time Cas had caught him with his toy. This time it had ended with Cas inside him. But the point was… Dean was tired.
Three days was the maximum Cas had agreed to. Any more than that would be detrimental to both Cas and Dean’s health. Dean was currently pregnant with twins so Cas wasn’t willing to risk his health for some unknown feral.
“I even thought about what you said about me being straight and only dating women. I thought about this all and came to several conclusions.”
Dean nodded then Sam dragged him away, reminding him that they all needed sleep before their big mission.
“For now we stick with the plan,” Gabe told her. “In some ways this is the best thing for reversing the feral state.” Meg gave him a look and he explained. “All recorded cases of omegas coming back from feral involved a pup. Well, Sam basically is Dean’s pup.”
At least the trip from earth had been quiet enough that Elizabeth was able to start meeting all the new people. She wanted to put faces to the names (even if they had pictures in their files) and help calm any nerves. Plus it helped if everyone knew who to go to if there were problems when they arrived. She looked forward to meeting the brothers and figuring out why she might need them.
Gabe realized that Dean was trying to talk again. He seemed more lucid then the last time. He even managed to open his eyes slightly, which filled Gabe’s heart with joy.
Dean had told Castiel that he and Sammy stayed with Bobby because their daddy had to leave a lot. He was a hunter, which Castiel's daddy had explained was like a policeman for the supernatural community. Dean was really proud of his daddy and wanted to be a hunter just like him when he grew up. Castiel thought that was very brave of Dean but secretly he didn't like it. It sounded scary and he didn't want Dean to get hurt.
Dean had to stare at Cas for a moment. This sounded like a remarkably bad idea to come from the angel. "You're serious about this." Cas nodded. "So, what, I'm Thelma and you're Louise and we're just gonna hold hands and sail off this cliff together?" Another reference lost on Cas, Dean really had to get the angel to watch some damn movies. "Give me one good reason why I should do this."
I am so happy it's Wednesday! Only thing better would be Friday. But already this week has been terribly long and I am looking forward to being over.
"Oh, they come by and train sometimes," Ronon said casually. "They're good, especially the older one, Dean."
"We came to an agreement. I would try to help him find what he was looking for, and he would not harm you." Cas told them.
Castiel looked around. No one else seemed to pick up on the exchange. That was probably for the best.
"It's Knight Rider!" Dean told him excitedly. "Gabe found it for me. It's awesome! There's a talking car."
Shepherd answered instead. "Actually Castiel might feel more comfortable if it is just the two of you. Sam will stay out here and help translate if he needs to."
Sam thought about it. “I don't know about charming the forge. It might not work and might affect the eggs. Maybe something on the building itself? Something that makes people forget anything unusual they see inside once they leave.”
“Officer Novak,” Castiel greeted in a low tone. Gabe rolled his eyes but he knew it meant that Castiel was busy at the moment so be quick.
It was an interesting thing, flying with Cas. It was terrifying, exhilarating, and freeing. Dean wasn't normally a big fan of heights but he felt safe with Cas. He knew that he would never let him fall.
While he was still reeling from Cas’s confession, Cas suddenly changed the subject. “Do you know why Much Ado About Nothing is one of my favorite plays?” At Dean’s silent shaking of his head Cas continued, “I have always liked how the relationship between Beatrice and Benedict was handled. It could have been done as a huge production of getting the two together but instead it was done by basically presenting the idea that the other one liked them then letting each character decide how they felt about it. When they examined their own feelings they realized they loved the other person. It was as if knowing that the other person loved them allowed them to love in return.”
"Speaking of Sam," the great cockblocker known as Sam said loudly. Cas and Dean turned to look at him. He held out his hand to Cas saying, "I'm Sam, the other half of your other half."
Dean was pissed! It was one thing to set his smithy on fire, thinking no one was in there, but now Gordon was trying to murder them. He set the baby he was carrying, Claire, down and grabbed a large mallet he used when blacksmithing. Cas looked completely unconcerned as the building burned around them.
Cas nodded and went over to join him on the bed. Lucifer disappeared. Dean gave a questioning look to Cas but before he could ask Lucifer was back again and joining them.
Dean was glad he was on Sam's good side. The way his voice dripped with disdain and mockery it was cutting. The men with Gordon were shaking their heads and stepping away from their fearless leader. It was pathetic and Sam must have felt the same way. “Even so, you went along with it,” he said, addressing the men. “and nearly caused the death of three innocent children and their uncle. Dean was right; you are monsters.”
Dean looked around and seemed ready to protest but decided against it. As he walked into the house Cas could hear him asking Mary which movie she wanted to watch (the answer was obviously Frozen).
Lucifer was not happy to hear he had missed out again. He had pouted and sucked until Dean had enough and explained that he had called Castiel because a: he knew him longer, b: Castiel could keep a cool head, and c: the hunters were there to kill Sam for letting Lucifer out.
I had planned to post yesterday but got distracted by my nephew graduating!! It's so weird to think he's old enough to be done high school. Still, so proud of him (even if I didn't doubt him for a minute).
Cas's face brightened and he said, “yes, I did. I know it is important for humans to get familial approval in their matings.”
"So what do you plan to do if you do find the omega?" Bobby asked him. "You plan on dragging them to the devil?"
Dean was staring at him in shock. He could hear himself answering Cas but what he said didn't matter. Then Cas put his hands to their chests and there was a searing pain. That snapped him out of his daze.
“There's no need,” he said. He softly blew fire over the nest. The moss started to glow a rosy gold color and the air filled with a familiar scent. Cas must have also added those grass and herbs they threw in the fire for the babies.
Its a cool, rainy day today. It is really nice. I have been cuddling with my cats and playing video games. It's the little things in life, right?
Castiel nodded and took Dean's hand again. He quickly showed Dean the kitchen, family room, bathrooms, and at least the general locations of the other bedrooms before leading Dean to his room. He suddenly felt nervous but he took a deep breath and pushed open the door.
"So we go in to wake them up for breakfast and what do we see? Castiel in full dragon glory wrapped around Dean. That's when we realized he was trying to add him to his horde." Gabriel retold the story of Cas and Dean's first sleepover to the great amusement of everyone in the room. Cas just rolled his eyes affectionately.
Cas must have felt something through the mark or seen something on his face because he was quick to reassure Dean, “I would love nothing more than to go on a ‘date’ with you” (finger quotes, actual finger quotes Dean thought) “but I am still your professor. It would not be ethical.”
They decided to walk and find a diner. The park was in the middle of the town, so it wasn't that far. They found a little mom and pop dinner and slid into a booth, Dean and Ca on one side, Sam and Lucifer on the other. A cute waitress, Cindy, her name tag read, brought them coffee and took their order. Dean ordered four slices of pie with his most charming smile but Cindy looked scared, not charmed. It was after she left Dean realized both his mates had been glaring at her. He gave a laugh. "Seriously, you guys need to relax," he chided them.
Lucifer nodded and sent a quick prayer to Gabriel. It was only moments later he was standing beside the bed. “What’s up?” he asked, chewing on a chocolate bar.
To that end they had started going for walks around the village looking for the best location. Sam would come with so each man could carry a baby as they walked. They got stopped a lot by people wanting to fuss over the babies. Dean didn't mind too much; people normally also gave them food.
“I’ll try,” Dean offered. But nothing happened. They waited another five minutes before they decided they would just have to go without him. Castiel had gathered a few supplies in that time. Then he turned to the brothers and placed fingers on each of their foreheads.
“I don’t know,” he said truthfully. “But we’ve pulled each other back from the brink before so it is worth a shot.”
Mark shifted uncomfortably, which was never a good sign. “Dean Winchester, based on the ID in his wallet, 26 year old omega male. Went into a feral rage less than an hour ago at Harvelle’s Roadhouse. The rage seems to have been triggered by two alphas hassling another omega, the waitress Jo,” Mark recited.
Silence met that confession. Dean peaked with one eye to see his alphas looking at each other with slight puzzlement. Then a compresending look came over Cas. He pulled Dean close and said “Alright, I’ll give it to you now,” before taking Dean’s lips in a deep kiss.
The path Sam took him was convoluted. They took 2 different lifts and to be honest John wasn't sure he would be able to find his way back without a map or a guide. He had thought he knew Atlantis well but the ease in which Sam moved spoke of a greater familiarity.
Dean was the star of Crossroads. Benny had overhead supposedly straight men sigh over him. It wasn't hard to see why; Dean was beautiful. And he knew it. Benny himself had flirted with Dean when he first got hired but quickly stopped when he learned who his boyfriend was. Since then the banter between them was playful but both knew it was never going anywhere.
This thought cheered Dean up as he walked. The best part, in some ways at least, was that he was completely sober so it wasn't even a drunken bad idea. He knew Sam wouldn't approve. But Charlie and Gabe would and two out of three wasn't bad.
“That said,” Cas continued, “I need a bit of time to think all this over. This is a very large thing to have dropped on me. I am not disappearing but I need to put it all together for myself.”
The eggs had recently stopped growing. They were currently the size of a watermelon each and Dean had joked to Charlie that you could probably fit a whole human baby inside one. Sam had to keep updating his nothing-to-see-here spell because they were so noticeable now.
Poor Sam! Dean is the worst! Also I had a lot of fun thinking of bad pickup lines. I had a lot more but decided to keep things short and simple. I was pretty proud of the ones I included though.
Gabe stared at his brother and thought god I hope I find an alpha like him some day. Out loud he said “I think he’ll love it. Did you pick up anything for him to watch?”
Castiel put a hand on the omegas shoulder and he lowered the gun. "Lucifer, this is Dean Winchester, Dean this is the archangel Lucifer." Castiel introduced them calmly.
“No. I guess not. It was after you went feral. He was the cop sent in to deal with everything.” Bobby said this contemplatively.
Cas was so proud of him. He could smell the emotions rolling off Dean, anxiety, fear, anger. But none of that showed. Sam, on the other hand, was trying to murder his father through glare alone.
Dean turned to Castiel and did something he had never done before; he leaned in and kissed Castiel right on the lips. Castiel put his arms around him and pulled him close. After a minute or so Dean pulled away and rested his head against Castiel’s chest. Castiel was happy to hold his omega. It helped soothe the rage he had felt.
“Now Cas is lying there, two steps away from death and it’s all his fault. I might not be able to do anything to him right now but I can hold a grudge.” he walked over to the bed and sat down next to Cas before adding “he needs to learn that he can’t ignore us without consequences.”
Dean glared at both of them. Sam laughed and walked out. Cas stood up and walked over to the bed. He sat down next to Dean.
Gordon managed to score one hit, a shallow cut to Dean's arm before Sam's spell stopped him in his tracks. His eyes went wide as he realized he couldn't move.
Dean wanted to leave. He had a lot to think about but there was something he needed before they left. Dean told him to bring back Cas from wherever he had stashed him.
The shower felt amazing! Dean soaped down twice and reveled in the feeling of being clean. The shower had awesome water pressure, making it feel like he was getting a massage. The water stayed hot while Dean stood there, letting it wash away his tension and worried.
Gabe flinched. He really didn’t want to give his brother false hope. The chances of it working were slim, like a thousand to one, but he would rather have tried and failed than have never tried.
It was easy to spot Sam and Jess when they got into the Roadhouse. Sam was standing and drunkenly swaying in the middle of a group of their friends. At 6’5” Sam towered over all of them. Once they had spotted Sam it was easy to see Jess. She was also standing (and swaying) and appeared to be singing.
They climbed into their beds and Dean was most of the way to sleep when he had a sudden thought. “Hey Cas?” At Cas’s grunt of  acknowledgement, Dean asked, “Are our kids going to do that fire blowing thing to say they like us?”
“Me? I’m fine,” Dean said. Then he looked around the room. “Seriously!! I just finished!” he yelled. He stomped closer to the dead body and kicked it for good measure.
Dean knew Meg. She was another stripper at Crossroad Deals. She had also been another student of Alistair’s. Normally these would be things that Dean would bond with her over but Meg had also set her eyes on Cas early on. She had never gotten more than a single kiss from him but she was always offering. Sam said she was just teasing them. Cas thought of her as a friend and there were even times Dean got alone with her. But he hated when Cas got her to do the interrogations instead of him. He knew that the next time he saw her she was going to boast about it. He just had to comfort himself knowing he was the one the boss was fucking, not her.
Jess was shocked to hear it. She must have had some medical know how because she reminded Gabe that so far the only cases of people coming back from feral was when there was a child involved.
When they headed out from Bobby's, Cas went with the girls. Dean didn't say anything but he would have like the angel's calming presence with him.
So my movie night on Friday went awesome! I used a white sheet as a screen and by the time it was dark you couldn't tell. The picture was really clear. I'm excited to say that there will be more movie nights in our future. I'm thinking Spaceballs for the next movie.
When Michael finally stepped back he looked at all of them. He looked a little lost. “I don’t know what I am supposed to do now,” he confessed.
Lucifer slowly stalked closer to Pestilence. The horseman made no attempt to run away even when Lucifer grabbed him, slammed his hand down and cut off the finger with the horseman’s ring on it.
Then there was the job. Dean had worked in bars and roadhouse before so the learning process wasn’t too bad. Ellen and Jo, even the cook Benny, were very supportive. If he ever looked like he was getting overwhelmed or going to lose his temper they would step in. Mostly with a sarcastic comment or two but it never felt unkind. Cas had also taken to going to the roadhouse for his lunch break and Ellen let Dean take his break once Cas walked in. Dean loved those mini dates, having lunch together.
Dean wanted to run away. This was worse than he thought it would be. He thought it would just be some simple info not going in-depth about his heats and hormones. He turned to leave the room but Cas grabbed his arm and pulled him close to his side.
Sam cued up the video and played the first question Dean had asked and Castiel's response. "Alright," he started, "the first question Dean asked him roughly translates to 'do you come here often?' " Castiel replied that he had been in that room every day since arriving."
Cas thought about setting the man straight but he had that kind of narcissistic attitude that Cas knew meant he couldn’t be wrong. If Cas did try to tell him the truth, it would probably be dismissed as Cas being uninformed. Or dismissed for being an alpha. People like that wanted to be alphas and portrayed themselves as having alpha qualities but really were just jealous and afraid.
Dean laughed. “Well Gabe, you and Sam can have fun braiding each other's hair. I’m going to spend the night with my mates.”
“And now I don't know what to do!” Dean concluded his retelling of the night in the cave to Charlie. he hadn't left anything out. Well, except for fact it was in the cave instead of the smithy and that Cas was a dragon. she got the whole embarrassing episode with Dean getting caught with this sex toy and everything. It was embarrassing, yes, but he needed advice. “I'm just so glad he didn't run off but I can barely look at him. It's too much!”
Okay, so not human Dean thought, but what he said was “they aren't the only reasons but normally the case when people drink large quantities of alcohol.”
"Along with the regular members of AR12 is a civilian translator, Sam Winchester, " she informed them.
There are only a couple more chapters after this so I am going to try to get it all out over the weekend.
This needed to wrap up, Cas thought. Dean was getting really worked up and it wasn’t good for the pups. He and Sam had made their points and had left at least Kate and Adam some things to think about. Now it was time for everyone to let the dust settle. Cas also wanted to bundle Dean up in their nest with their pup. It would be a nice way to end such an emotional day.
Time passed. It was about an hour since Dean had left and the contest had started around 10 mins before that. Suddenly Lucifer stiffened and looked around. "Where is Dean?" He demanded.
Then the next day the shower backed up. It took me 2 days to fix it. I may be feeling better about the idea of moving out. And yesterday I blew a breaker to my kitchenette. but the problem is that I reset all the breakers for the house and the power didn't come back on. The only things missing power are my kitchenette and my bedroom lights. I think the universe is also telling me to move out.
She still looked confused but shrugged it off and introduced John to Gabe and Balthazar. John was asking questions and was so distracted that he didn't notice Sam and Dean come back out. Kate did however and got John's attention again to make the introductions.
Cas followed the sheriff’s vehicle to a parking lot on the edge of a forest. Signs leading up to the parking lot advertised hiking trails and picnic areas. He pulled in and got out, surveying the scene in front of him.
His scent was sad and Gabe’s scent echoed it. “I knew it was bad. The first time he woke up he called Sam ‘pup’ so I knew it was bad. But I was expecting him to have been eleven or twelve. Sam’s four years younger, pup could have been an affectionate nickname. I didn’t expect him to actually think of Sam as his pup.” Gabe confessed.
The restaurant was pretty packed but Cas calmly walked up to the hostess and said "I have a reservation under the name Novak."
Dean looked so proud of himself for coming up with the plan, it was very adorable. Castiel was tempted to go and kiss him but was distracted by Adam asking “what do you mean, two archangels?”
Gabe wagged his eyebrows at him and Dean just laughed. “See you in the morning,” He said to Sam before standing, turning to Cas and saying quietly, “Take me somewhere private.”
They had barely finished their pie when Cassie found them. Gabe half expected him to start asking Sam questions as soon as he sat down but instead he just sat there silently. After a moment Gabe decided that if Castiel wasn’t going to ask questions he was.
Once they were sitting Castiel turned to Sam. His face was serious but Gabe could tell from his scent that he was really nervous.
He felt Lucifer shift behind him. The fingers left but Lucifer’s erection was now grinding against his ass, even though they both still had on their pants. He heard Lucifer softly call Cas’s name and Cas pulled his face away from Dean.
Castiel handed him a box set of the first season of Knight Rider. “I asked the man in the dvd section for something that someone who loved cars might like and this was what he recommended.” Castiel looked at him, apparently nervous and unsure if it was a good choice.
Dean quickly agreed, confirmed that it was a dress up nice kind of event then said his goodbyes. After he hung up he stared at his phone for several minutes.
Castiel made a note to heal Chuck's liver damage before he left then asked, "how do we prevent Dean from becoming a vessel? If he dies they will just resurrect him."
Sam took another sip of his tea then said in a casual joking tone "I hope we aren't about to be run out of town again."
Elizabeth Weir looked over the personnel files of all the new people who would soon be making Altantis their home. Some of the people were to replace the soldiers and scientists who had been lost in the battle with the wealth. But others were additional personnel, both soldiers and otherwise, ready to occupy the city now that they knew they could survive there.
Dean hesitated a moment and asked, “will we have to fly?” At Cas's nod, he took a deep breath but said “let's do it.”
Cas looked at him but addressed Sam, "when we get there we will meet with Lucifer and if Dean is the omega he has been looking for he will ask Dean for permission to court him. That is assuming he finds his third. There is no courting without that."
That was too much. John could handle the yelling. He could even handle the looks of betrayal on Kate and Adam’s faces. But no one got to walk away from John. Not without them telling them to go. He yelled “don’t you walk away from me,” while yanking on Dean’s shoulder to spin him around, at the same time raising his hand to hit him.
As soon as she was out of sight his smile dropped. He took a moment, trying to gather energy and strength to pretend again. Just another couple days, he reminded himself, then he would be at Bobby's. Then he would be fine.
As she listened to the failed attempts to raise either team on the radio Elizabeth made the decision to recall Shepherd’s team. She had two teams missing and she needed Shepherd back to look at options for going after them. She didn’t want to send in another team blind.
Dean looked at him then back to Castiel. Castiel knew that Dean was worried about Sam coming but that he would also find it comforting to have him there. Castiel gave Dean a slight nod.
And, misinterpreting what Dean had meant, Cas put his hand on Dean's shoulder and flew them right out of the restaurant to Bobby’s place.
He looked over at Adam. He felt bad for the kid. He hadn’t asked for any of this. He just had the bad luck of having John Winchester as a dad. His luck was so bad in fact that the first time Dean and Sam had met him, he was already dead. Now here he was almost a year later, resurrected to be heaven’s pawn.
Dean knew God had given Lucifer and out in the form of Dean and Cas so he just scoffed at Michael. “And you're just gonna do whatever God says?”
That taken care of, Dean rolled out of bed and went to get his coffee started. While he waited for it to brew he downed a couple mugs full of water to counteract the dehydration both the alcohol and tears from the night before had produced. He thought about making breakfast but he wasn’t hungry.
“He’s fine,” Mark was quick to reassure him. “From what Jo said when Castiel walked in the two other alphas were on the floor, the omega was standing guard over Jo. Castiel took one look at the omega and went all red-eyed. Luckily he had enough sense to hit himself with a sedative and he passed the other dose to Jo. She got the omega. By the time me and Tim, over there, got to the scene there were three unconscious alphas and an unconscious omega on the floor. We loaded the omega up and headed here. Your brother and the other alphas should be coming in soon.”
Sammy handed him a fork from somewhere and Dean gave him a quick thanks before turning his attention back to the pie.He slowly took a forkful from the middle of the pie. After taking a bite, he let out a nearly pornographic moan. It was awesome.
He was starting to drift off. It was hard work dancing all night, having sex, then cutting up a man for an hour. He was thinking he might sleep in the next day.
Sam nudged him again and Dean turned to glare at him. Sam rolled his eyes in return as he handed Dean the notebook and pen he had pulled out of his backpack. Dean gave him a smile and a quick “thanks Sammy” in return.
“Just keep them away from my forge,” Dean said instead. “Don't want any of the kids seeing anything they shouldn't.”
They were both careful to not wake up Dean. The human actually needed sleep and neither of his mates were willing to risk his health by letting him miss some.
Gabe took that time to have a quick shower and change into his lounging at home clothes. He headed back to the kitchen in time to see his brother pulling the roast out to rest before cutting. Gabe waited until Castiel’s hands were free before moving in to give him a hug.
"It's fine," Becky said dismissively. "I just can't believe he's teaching that lie about platonic soul mates."
“Maybe not, but when I was getting him to tell me what he remembered he mentioned blue eyes and mate,” Gabe informed her.
It had been after all the babies were hatched, fed, and finally sleeping in the forge that they realized in all their prep work for the arrival they hadn't thought of names. They'd all been too tired to think that night but the next day they sat around and tried to think of something. Charlie had shown up in the middle of it. They had lots of trouble because none of them could agree.
Everyone was staring at Dean. John couldn’t believe that Dean had called Sam his pup. He had thought he had gotten over that years ago.  It had been embarrassing enough having an omega son, let alone one who had presented so early. John had tried to discourage Dean from doing anything omega-ish and that included thinking of Sam as his pup. Apparently he should have been even stricter. Maybe then his sons would know better than to try and stand up to him.
Dean stared at the paper then wrote ‘no’. Cas gave him a scolding look and Dean started writing more. When he was finished writing he handed it to Cas.
Cas tilted his head in confusion. “I do not understand. Why would you send him an expensive gift? And why would you specifically send him one that's purpose is to bring him pleasure?”
Dean stared at her. She had brought in his breakfast and made the announcement. It took a moment for it to sink in. “You mean the alpha?” Dean asked.
“Sammy!” he called from across the room. Sam griniced as he saw several heads turn their way but he stood and gave Dean a big hug when he reached their table.
Dean seemed to be in no position to make decisions so Cas took the pie back, grabbed a plate and fork and served a large piece of the pie onto the plate. He placed it in front of Dean with the fork and set the rest of the pie aside for later.
Sammy's scent turned sour with frustration. He started arguing that it wasn't a dream but the more he argued the more Dean was convinced it was a dream or a nightmare. He tossed and turned. Then right when he was getting truly distressed he sunk back into sleep.
He had not been expecting Dean's plan to be a brothel. He gave himself a moment to feel disappointed that this was what Dean had meant. He felt very uncomfortable being there. The scents were overwhelming. Castiel had noticed Dean dab something under his nose then over his scent glands before they headed in and wondered if it helped block the smells.
Dean on the other hand was looking at Castiel with awe and lust. They stared into each other's eyes for several minutes before Sam started to fake a cough to gain their attention.
Sam has already inside setting the table when Dean came in. Before he forgot Dean handed Sam the charms he'd finished. Sam was hoping to sell them at the market the next day so he was glad to have them done.
Dean stayed at the diner about an hour nursing his coffee before deciding to head back to the motel room. Nothing had changed since he'd left. Both Sam and their dad were fast asleep. Dean wasn't tired but it was still before 5am so he changed back to what he slept in and climbed into the bed. He closed his eyes and finally drifted back off to sleep.
Dean looked over in time to see Cas roll his eyes hard. His voice had a dry exasperated tone to it as he said, “dragons know their nest mother, Sam. They do not need to have seen him.”
John looked at Castiel who was staring in the direction Dean and Sam had gone and said, “Let’s get you to your room. Then I can get some sleep. It’s not like they’re going anywhere.”
Castiel looked at Dean. He could smell the mix of emotions, fear, anger, sadness, hope, in his scent but his face showed none of that.
The airport I had to take her to is one about 45 mins away from where I live, in the next town. Also to get her there on time we had to leave at 4am. Now, one of the things I like to do when I drive people early in the morning is stop at one of our local Tim Hortons and pick up a steeped tea. Today that was a challenge. The first one I went to was closed, plus we were running a bit late (my mom has terrible time management). After I dropped her off I went through the drivethru at a different one in the town I was now in. I got my drink but didn't drink it right away because I drive standard and wanted to wait until I was on the highway. That is when I discovered that instead of tea they had given me coffee, which I don't drink. I was annoyed but determined. Luckily there was a 3rd Timmies on my way home. Went through the drive thru, finally got my tea (I watched them make it) but I was less than 5 mins from home so decided to wait until I got home to drink it. So you know how most take out coffee lids are with the spot that is cut so you can flip it up and reveal the hole to drink. yeah, my cup had that, they just hadn't cut it. So I poured in into a mug and finally enjoyed my freaken tea!!
Then Castiel lit the ring of oil and they waited. Nothing happened the whole day and they finally went back to the abandoned house. As they entered Castiel felt Raphael's presence. He told Dean to wait and went in ahead of him. The two angels greeted each other. Castiel was polite but he had never liked Raphael. He was arrogant and cruel.
Dean made it halfway through his normal "morning Cas" when his voice trailed off and he got a look of wonderment on his face.
Elizabeth would have kept watching but she got an urgent call from a scientist about something she had to see "immediately." She turned to Shepherd, "stay here. When they are done I want Sam to give a report. I want to know exactly what was said."
Cas looked at the clock on the wall. "I should be going," he said, draining his cup then taking it to the sink. "Are you going in to work today?"
He hung up and stepped up to Gabe for a hug. Gabe could feel the tension in him. “Ready to go home?” he asked.
Castiel smiled at him. "I heard you have been looking for an omega. I think 'moping' was the term used."
He shot the hellhound. Immediately the other ones (It was two more) started barking and snarling. Sam, Ellen, and Jo were shooting where they thought they were to keep them at bay. Dean only had the Colt and couldn't waste bullets. They backed up towards one of the buildings.
Elizabeth looked at him in surprise. Shepherd seemed to share that look but Teyla was studying the pictures and nodding.
Castiel gave a small smile. "I have to get back to Dean. I will talk to you soon. We need some up with a plan for courting our omega."
"Oh, sorry Cas, didn't mean to startle you" Dean said as he rushed forward. He knelt down and put his hand over the broken pieces. Cas felt his magic and a moment later Dean was handing him back his cup as good as new. Even the chip that had been there for years was repaired.
There was that hesitation again before Cas said, "actually, I have tickets to the ballet and was wondering if you would like to accompany me."
Looking at his stock of alloys Dean realized he would have to buy more soon. He put it on his mental to-do list.
Dean laughed at his petulant expression. “Why are you looking for this guy? He take money from you or something?”
This story was quite the labor of love. It took me over a year and 76 pages of paper to write. I may revisit it in the future to add time stamps and such but for now, this story is closed.
Cas nodded and they both sat down on the soft golden moss. Cas hadn't set it aflame yet so they didn't need to worry about burning their clothes off mid conversation. Once they were settled Dean started. “have you ever had sex before? with either a man or a woman?”
Sam and Bobby were chatting quietly while Cas stared out a window. As soon as Dean entered the room Cas turned to face him. He walked over to Dean and quietly told him "You look very nice."
Dean nodded and stood up. He was glad to see that the professor was currently alone, not surrounded by his normal fans. He made his way to the front of the class quickly, wanting time to talk to Dr Novak before the class started up again.
Bobby turned to him in disbelief. Beside him, Castiel could smell distress coming from Dean. He tried to explain. "I'm cut off from heaven much of heaven's power. Certain things I can do, certain things I can't."
Once they were alone Lucifer turned to Dean. “Castiel will be fine. But I have a way that might speed up the process.”
His friend seemed to notice his increasingly poor mood and decided to take it upon themselves to cheer him up. Charlie invited everyone over to Cas's place for dinner and wouldn't take no for an answer. Cas didn't fight too hard, especially when she mentioned that she had also invited Dean.
He received a text just as the movie ended. It was from Kate saying that she and Adam would like to meet his brothers sometime and get to know them. Cas set his phone aside. He was glad that Kate and Adam had reached out but that was something they could deal with in the morning. For now Cas was going to enjoy the night with his family; his own happily ever after.
Dean scowled at him and his scent got protective and defensive as he held the token closer to his chest.
Lucifer was surprised to find he had no interest in the apocalypse. His demons were clambering for it to happen and he knew that when the cage opened the four horsemen were automatically released. But Lucifer didn't care.
Cas agreed and they headed out to the car. The drive passed quickly. Cas was still riding the high of seeing the ballet and Dean was happy to listen as he explained his favorite parts and why he was excited for them to return in the winter to perform The Nutcracker.
Dean asked how Cas had found him and the answer was Bobby. Cas looked around the room with concern before asking where Sam was.
"I have classes during your office hours," Dean told him, "or I would have already stopped by. I promise I won't take more than 20 or 30 mins."
The cultural reference was lost on Cas as he explained that it was a rare opportunity to get information on God's whereabouts.
“So sleeping beauty woke up,” she said with a smirk, “and he didn’t even require a kiss from a prince.”
Dean stared at his alpha. His alpha wanted to court him. His alpha liked him! He heard himself saying yes, like there had been any chance he'd say no. This was everything he had secretly wanted but never said out loud.
Dean almost wanted to groan. That was annoyingly responsible of Sam. "If you let me use it once in a while I'll help you get the money. I've gotten better at pool."
Gabe, hearing his name, started over, Balthazar by his side. John didn't notice. He was busy trying to subtly glare daggers at Cas.
in a flirty voice he asked, “are you jealous because you wanted the position of my lover? I mean you're cute and all but I don't think it would work out. You keep saying you want to kill my brother.”
Dean settled the triplets into the bed and crawled in after them. Cas crawled in on the other side. Dean was so tired that he wasn't thinking straight anymore but it still warmed his heart to have his little family all in the bed together. Without stopping to think about it, Dean reached across the babies to grab Cas's hand. Then he fell asleep, still holding hands.
When Doctor Sexy reached them Dean was really excited but then he noticed something was wrong. Really it was two things: first Doctor Sexy was wearing the wrong shoes and second, Dean had smelled this alpha before. He grabbed him by the throat and Doctor Sexy morphed into the trickster.  He told them to play their roles and they might get out then disappeared.
"I wasn't trying to ignore you. I was meeting with some demons and trying to track down the horsemen. I was busy trying to help." Lucifer explained. "When I was done I tried to contact you but you must have been in the past."
Finally it was decided that Bobby, Ellen, and Jo were going to stay behind and Sam, Dean, and Adam would go with the angels. Gabriel had argued that really they only needed Adam so the other two could stay back too but Dean shut that down right away.
Now Lucifer was essentially the beta of their trio and had already been reprimanded for ignoring his omega. This had not been the plan.
"Don't worry we will make sure you get a chance to shower and primp before you see him, princess," Sammy joked.
He heard something and stopped to listen. “Eyes for me. I need to see you.” is what he caught. He knew he could never deny a plea from that voice. He used all his energy and managed to get his eyes open to a slit. The world was still out of focus but he could make out a familiar face. It was a bit older than he remembered but it was… “S’mmy? M’ pup pup S’mmy?” he muttered.
"What the hell?! What are you doing, sneaking up on me like that?" Dean yelled at him. He was a bit surprised that Sam hadn't heard and come bursting in. He frowned slightly.
Dean was fuming. Men like him had been chased out of towns and even killed because they were attracted to other men. What Gordon was doing was trying to stir the crowd against Dean. He could deny it but he never had before and he wasn't going to start now. Instead he decided to turn it back on Gordon.
Gordon looked terrified as Gabe tapped his chin thoughtfully. Finally he stopped and a truly evil smile lit Gabe's face. “You tried to kill Dean because you felt he had insulted your manhood so that's what I'll take from you. From now on, no matter what you try, your manhood will stay limp.”
Sam didn’t stay more than a few minutes after the end of the movie. He apologized again and told Dean he would check in on him in a couple days.
Castiel stared at him, his blue eyes going wide. He might not be a doctor like Gabe but he understood the significance of what Gabe was telling him. The ability to speak was one of things to go as an alpha or omega turned feral, and if the omega could speak there was a chance he could have been pulled back.
“Samuel Winchester?” a deep voice asked, startling Sam from his thoughts. He looked up to see a tall man standing by his table holding a cup of coffee.
I have a couple other stories that should be coming out soon. One is another installment of my Omega Dean series, and one is a sequel to my Sweet like Poison story. Hope you will enjoy them as well.
The next reason Dean had come up with was that Cas had never shown interest in men before and Dean didn’t want to mess up their friendship. That reason still held true. The thing was, he was comfortable with his love for Cas. Yeah it hurt sometimes to watch Cas talk about the people he liked but for the most time it was a comfortable love. He thought it must be how couples who had been together forever must feel about their other half. He was happy to just spend time with him, with no expectation of anything else.
“Because to stop the apocalypse we need to talk to him. He won’t talk to us without a vessel. And who’s going to stop him?” Dean waved his arms toward the angels. “We’ve got two archangels of our own on our side, plus whatever the hell, or heaven, Cas is.”
Dean shrugged. He was still reeling from the idea he had not one but two soul mates. He hadn't been sure even wanted one to be honest. Bobby made it look fine and easy but their dad presented a different, cautionary, tale. But Sam was staring at him with those sad puppy dog eyes and Dean couldn't disappoint him. "I guess. I'm still just trying to wrap my head around the idea," he confessed. Sam looked confused so Dean added, "it's not like having, then potentially losing, a soulmate seems that appealing, after living with dad." Sam's face melted into understanding. "I think I'll talk to Bobby about it," Dean told him. "Maybe we could visit him over spring break or something."
Dean seemed to notice him first. “Oh, look what the devil dragged in,” Dean said, his tone cold. “So nice of you to join us. How have you been?”
When Dean led the way to the door and stopped to turn on the sprinklers Castiel shared a long look with his brother. Without speaking out loud Gabriel reached out and asked to talk. Castiel told him to stay there and he would be back.
Dean gave Cas a questioning look as he stepped in for a hug. "Gabe is just feeling a little sad to see Sam go," Cas whispered. Gabe glared at Cas for saying that but didn't argue it.
Castiel considered Bobby then decided to tell the truth. "The demon Crowley told Sam and Dean that Lucifer is looking for the omega he first scented as he rose."
When they got there Dean took the lead. Mary didn’t want to talk to them but when John came over Dean introduced him and Sam as Mary’s cousins. It got them in the door. Sam was a little weird seeing younger versions of their parents, but Dean figured given that Sam never knew their mom it was understandable.
Gabe looked alarmed but Sammy explained "Baby is his car." Before Dean could tell him that baby was not just a car, Sammy kept going, "Baby is at the roadhouse. I meant to ask Castiel if he had the keys."
Gabe figured he had a couple minutes and right now he smelled of stressed omega, carrying both his and Dean’s scent. He went and had a quick shower, changing into new scrubs when he got out. He had to put back on the same lab coat but he figured his scent was muted.
Dean gave a small laugh. "Cas is winning then." Sam gave him a look and Dean rolled his eyes. "Dude once waited four hours on the side of a road cause I told him I needed sleep. He's got this."
Cas looked over to the smoking hole his front door used to be. He gave a small mournful thought towards it. It hadn't been anything too special but  he had been proud of the protective sigils he had hand painted on it (sigils were not his forte). "Yes please."
They walked back to the motel after the movie carrying their bags of clothes with them. The motel was empty when they reached it but they had walked past their car, a 1967 Chevy impala, so Dean knew he couldn't have gone far. Probably to the bar 2 streets over. It opened around 1pm so the timing worked, Dean thought sourly. His mood picked up a bit when he saw the $20 Their dad had left with a note that just read "for dinner".
“Yeah. The room isn’t very big but it already had a queen size bed in it. Dean and I will share. There is even a place to set up the tv.”
He was knocked back to reality when a cramp hit him. Apparently his body didn't like that he was in heat, next to two alphas and still not getting any. He moaned in pain and, looking up at his alphas with tears in his eyes, begged, “please.”
Famine took a deep breath and sucked in the souls of the demons around him. With the added power he tried to use it against Lucifer. Lucifer felt nothing, well maybe a little urge to go back to the hotel room and spend some time with Dean, but that urge had been around since he had first seen Dean. So really no different.
There was quiet for several minutes, a rustling of paper, then Cas said, "I have tickets to a play and was wondering if you would accompany me."
“Ok, back to Dean, how’d he present at four. The youngest I have ever heard of was ten and that was under extreme circumstances.”
Lucifer was going to demand that at least Dean stay behind but Castiel had taken him aside and explained that if he interfered Dean might never forgive him. So there they were, two sets of brothers heading off to face Michael. Adam directed them to a park he had played in as a kid. He had told them Zachariah had met him in his dream and tried to convince him not to trust them. He did reassure them that he was going to follow the plan.
"I think I'll set up a stall in the market. Sell a few potions and protective charms. Hopefully I'll be able to find a few more serious clients," Sam said.
On top of all that, yesterday my dad dropped a heavy piece of machinery on his foot. He has no feeling from his knees down so it didn't hurt him but his toe(s?) is crushed. And he was just starting to walk again after his fall this summer.
While Dean and Cas lay in bed they talked. Dean told him about Sam’s worry about them uprooting their lives if he had to go to school somewhere else. Like Dean had predicted, Cas had scoffed at the idea. He had only ended up at Stanford to teach because his twin, Jimmy, had wanted to go to school there then Cas had just stayed after he got his doctorate. He wasn’t really all that tied to the place; it was just somewhere to work and teach. Jimmy had since moved to Pontiac, Illinois, gotten married, had a daughter, and sold ad space on AM radio.
Dean raised his hand and gave Sam the finger but then gave him a hug. Sam rolled his eyes over his brother’s shoulder but hugged him back.
Cas did know what he meant. He was also starting to regret this meeting. Cole was a new player in town, a gun runner and smuggler. But Cas could tell he liked to talk and that wasn't good for business. He would hold off judgement a little longer. Perhaps when Sam arrived, he would have insights to sway Cas's decision.
Also I liked the idea of Lucifer not knowing what to do when Dean thanked him. He's so used to being bad, he doesn't know what to do when he's good.
“And you think you know better than my father? One unimportant little man.What makes you think you get to choose?” Michael asked.
Benny saw him coming and by the time Crowley made it to the bar his drink, straight whiskey, was waiting for him. They shared a look of understanding as Benny poured him another one.
Cas let out a breath he hadn't been aware he was holding when Dean left to get his tools. He hated the idea that Dean was disappointed in him. It left a hollow, panicky feeling behind. It didn't seem like Dean was still disappointed in him anymore, now that he knew what had happened. It was a relief.
Castiel opened his eyes to see both Dean and Lucifer leaning over him. Dean was ginning and after saying a quiet “Heya Cas,” he threw himself into his arms. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean and felt Dean’s tears soak his shirt as silent sobs shook him. Castiel looked at Lucifer for explanation.
Finally Gabe turned to Dean and asked, “what's your plan for your smithy? Are you going to rebuild?”
That night, after dinner and after Sam and Gabe were back from banishing Gordon, the four men sat around the table to talk about the future. The babies were fast asleep in the kitchen fire and each man held a mug of beer in front of them.
“Gabe,” Sam answered as Dean threw the bundle in and spread it around the eggs. He also carefully turned each one, giving them little pets as he listened to Sam tell Cas everything Gabe had told them about dragons and the eggs.
Gabriel put a hand on Castiel's shoulder. "I want to help." Castiel looked at him and he continued, "I can't be your third. I mean, Dean is a good looking omega and all but I feel nothing for him. But I can talk to some people, see if we can figure out who your third should be."
Cas took Dean's hand in a way that was hidden from Bobby and Sam and squeezed it as he answered Sam's questions. "Trios always have one omega, from there the usual configuration is either an alpha, beta and omega or an omega and two betas." He paused then added, "very rarely you get trios that are two alphas and an omega."
Lucifer thrust fast and hard. Dean could barely catch his breath let alone form words longer than one syllable. He kept up a litany of moans and words like “more” and “Luce.” Lucifer didn’t mind the shortened version of his name but he would love to hear Dean moan out his full name at some point.
"Ok Dean, what is the last thing you remember?" The doctor asked him. Dean was going to have to ask if he could call him something else.
Gabe gave her a pat on the shoulder. “Speaking of sleeping beauty, it is time to wake him up. I told Sam to come back in a couple hours hopefully the meds will have run through his system enough by then.”
The alphas laughed. The one not holding the girl's arm turned so he was facing Dean. He was about the same height as Dean but still looked down at him. “Look! Little omega thinks he can tell us what to do,” he jeered, reaching towards Dean.
Dean was very deliberately unimpressed with Raphael. Dean couldn't see it but when he made comments about Raphael, the archangel had spread his wings in an intimidating and aggressive display. Though knowing Dean, even if he could see the wings he would be unimpressed.
He was dimly aware of Dean speaking for him as he emptied his beer. The woman, Chastity, Castiel thought Dean said, grabbed his hand and led him to a room in the back. Dean stopped him briefly and Castiel felt relieved but it was just to give him money.
Sam got Dean a cellphone so he could talk to Castiel. That was probably the only reason Castiel made it through those days of separation. As it was Gabe could tell he was experiencing pining sickness, when an alpha or omega was away from their mate and suffered literal heartsickness. It could be deadly under extreme circumstances. So far Castiel’s case was mild. As soon as Gabe realized what Castiel was going through, he had asked Meg to keep an eye on Dean. From her reports Dean’s pining sickness was at similar levels to Castiel’s.
“Come on, sweetheart, let us see you.” Dean had never really thought he would hear such endearments from Lucifer.
"Trying to find our guest," John told him, his voice full of frustration. "Every night he escapes to God knows where so we spend the night searching for him. Only for him to show up outside his door. By the time he does there is only about 4 hours to sleep before the day starts."
Dean followed him as Cas headed to the door where his briefcase was waiting. He put his snacks inside and finished getting ready. Finally he was pulling on his tan trench coat and was ready to go.
That sounded awesome to Dean. It was kind of like a date plus he'd get a chance to see what Cas looked like as a dragon. He looked over at Sam who's grinning like the fool he was and nodded. “Sure,” Dean answered. “That sounds awesome.”
Everyone started to file out of the room but Adam stopped, turned and asked “What about the angels? Are they all sleeping here too?”
"I've been well," Cas replied, then he stopped again. Dean was just opening his mouth to ask another question, maybe something about the weather, when Cas abruptly asked, "do you have plans for this evening?"
Toms spoke up again, "we had been in the room for at least a couple hours when suddenly the door opened. Before we could get over our surprise and shout to not let it close Dean Winchester came striding in. The door closed behind him but he didn't seem to notice. Instead he asked where Sam was. We explained what had happened and he started staring at the Ancient writing. After a few minutes he touched something on the wall and a door opened. It wasn't the door out and he was already heading through so we went with him. It took awhile but eventually he opened a door and there was AR12."
“Meg, Jess and I are going to leave,” He told Sam and Bobby. “When Dean has calmed down, push the call button and I’ll come back in. I think he would do better if you introduce us. If this goes well we will bring Jess in next.”
Sam, Gabe and Cas all crowded in to watch. Another egg cracked and a little fist poked out. Sam actually let out an “aww.” Cas, on the other hand, saw the fist and pulled Sam and Gabe back saying, “they need to be able to see Dean. If they don't see their nest mother they may get confused.”
It was after the play, after Cas had bought him pie to go and taken him to the park to eat it, that Dean worked up the nerve to ask a question that he had been wondering since Cas first mentioned the play. Maybe it was the fact the dark could hide his own expressions that gave him the courage.
"Ok but we are in a town full of demons. You want us to be unconscious and defenseless?" Sam stared pacing again.
In fact some of the demons Castiel caught seemed almost disgusted by Lucifer. At least one mentioned sulking. Castiel didn't know what to think about it. He wished he had another angel to talk to but Gabriel was gone, Balthazar, his former best friend, was dead , and Lucifer was, well, the devil.
He loved his little dates with Cas. Sometimes they just watched movies together, quietly enjoying each other’s company. But other times they talked for hours. Dean shared stories of growing up on the road and watching over Sam and Cas shared his own history. They also talked about the future, how many kids they wanted (lots), pets or no pets (no for now, open to discussion in the future), and where they were going to live. Cas told Dean that he and Gabe owned a house but it was only a three bedroom place and it wouldn’t be big enough once Dean started having pups. Dean just reminded him that they were in no hurry and they could discuss future houses later. What Dean didn’t add was that he also wanted to talk to Gabe about it. He knew Cas and Gabe were close, like him and Sammy levels of closeness, and that any future house would have to have room for him too. That didn’t bother Dean at all, he just knew that discussions like that should have input from everyone.
Dean had been watching Cas's expression closely as he asked. From what he's seen he seemed more interested in putting it in but what he asked was, “do you have a preference?”
He got there a bit early. He had been told to find a man named Crowley and tell him that he was meeting with Castiel. Cole laughed to himself. What kinds of names were Castiel and Crowely anyways? Did their parents not like them or something?
Also my sister came by with her puppy today. It is the cutest fluff ball. I was trying to get my cat to say hi but she just hissed at him. That made my sister's older dog growl at her, which got him a scolding by my sister's partner. I felt kinda bad. I don't think they are destined to be life long friends. I'm thinking of getting a kitten, though. So maybe the kitten and puppy will be friends.... I can hope.
“Yeah, I stopped as soon as we ran out of there. It will take about another month for them to clear my system. Then I should go into heat.”
Sam and Dean stared at him but Cas kept going. “Anna found me and was asking what I had done. I tried to warn her that I was being watched but she wouldn’t listen. Before I could get her to leave other angels came and took her away.” He hung his head. “I am sorry for what was done to her.”
"What the hell is this?" John shouted again. He stepped closer, ready to get into Dean's face. "Did you set this up to ambush me?"
Lucifer inhaled. This was definitely the omega he had been looking for. He smelled like a mate. Lucifer was confused though. Dean Winchester was supposed to be the vessel for Michael. How was Michael's vessel an omega and his mate?
“I'll talk to Cas but I'm sure he'll be okay with that. He's been talking about getting back to the caves to explore them further and start construction of the nest,” Dean replied.
Michael's wings fluttered, the only indication he was giving that he was nervous. Lucifer watched as he almost spoke several times,stopping himself to apparently rethink his words. The wait was painful.
Dean was pretty sure his face had an echo of the horror on Gordon's face. Remind him never to piss off Gabe. The man hit below the belt, sometimes literally. Then again Gordon had tried to kill him so...
Dean managed to get all the floor holes fixed or at least covered by the end of the day. Before he had left he had told Cas that it was probably going to at least a couple more weeks to finish all the repairs.
I love happy endings! I also think Cas and Dean would make great dads. These things might show up in more than one of my fics.
He walked out of the bathroom to see his alphas waiting for him also wearing pajama pants, theirs in blue to match their eyes.
Dean gave him a glare and Sam gave him an apologetic look. Sam shifted uncomfortably and started and stopped talking several times. Dean could have made it easy on him, let him know it wasn’t his fault but he didn’t. Instead he waited Sam out.
“How do you know they're dragon’s eggs?” Dean blurted out dumbly. He could kick himself for how  stupid that question was and how much it hid nothing.
Castiel nodded. They said a quick goodbye to Mark and headed to their car. Gabe could practically hear their nest calling their names.
“That's what I can't figure out,” Dean told him. “I'm thinking of sending him a silver model of my dick so he can go fuck himself.” Dean was still proud of that idea.
Lucifer stopped in front of him then switched his attention to Cas. Dean watched as they both did a funny little shoulder twitch then settled into a staring contest. Dean kept looking between them but got bored quickly. He was ready to say something but he looked over at Sam and Gabe. Gabe was waving him over. Dean hesitated but went over.
“Do not tease your brother, Dean” Cas gently chided. Sam turned to thank him but Cas added “I already offered Jess a ride to the airport if she wanted to get away from Sam and a future with giant babies and his gas. She turned me down. It must be true love.” He said it completely deadpan.
Benny turned to see Dean leaning against the bar. The other man was wearing a green vest with no shirt under it and green booty shorts. Without seeing his feet Benny was willing to bet money that Dean was wearing some type of heeled cowboy boots.
Once he was back in the smithy he laid the blankets out to make a bed. He gently moved Cas from the old bed, now wet with blood and water, to the new clean bed. Then he stripped out of his own wet clothes. He hesitated a moment, then decided Cas was still unconscious and had been hypothermic. So he climbed into the bed next to Cas, pulled the blanket over both of them, and quickly fell asleep.
Micheal was enough of a strategist that Lucifer was sure he had already come to the same conclusion. In fact, Lucifer was sure that most of the delay in Michael's answer just was him trying to come to term with it. He had been told for millennia that he would fight an epic battle and kill Lucifer. Now his path and purpose could be changed. With God being missing, there was no one to tell Micheal what to do. Lucifer felt a bit of sympathy for him; he must feel so lost.
Castiel could somewhat see where Dean was coming from but that didn’t solve the big problem. Sam also seemed to get that and changed tactics.
Castiel chuckled. “Beer and pie,” he told him, “Maybe a bit of grovelling. But Dean is actually pretty quick to forgive.”
He thought, briefly, about letting them continue alone while he watched, but he had made a promise to Dean. Plus he was looking forward to seeing Dean knotted from both ends.
Now she was looking forward to meeting the brothers when she did her personnel reviews. She wanted to check in with everyone, particularly the newcomers. This was to keep on top of any problems that might arise as well as determine if there was anyone who would benefit from going back to earth when the Daedalus returned. There was no room on the mission for anyone who caused problems or couldn't handle the work.
Dean was nervous. Ok, he was beyond that. He was in a near panic. He was about to go into his first heat in years, and he had not one, but two alphas lined up to become his mates. He had also never slept with a man before. The closest he had gotten was the toys he used during his very rare heats.
“True, but I know heaven. I don’t think she escaped unless they wanted something from her and that thing could be you. Either of you,” he clarified.
"Lower the shield," Elizabeth called. Seconds later the shimmer that indicated the force field was up disappeared.
They quickly finished then made their way back into the nest. They didn’t want Dean to wake up alone.
Dean looked at her and after a moment seemed to come to a decision. “You are a nurse in feral care right?” At her nod he continued, “So you have read the feral omega case study Gabe wrote?”
It was about half hour later when Cas came back into view. He stopped outside the door and stared in. Dean got up and walked over to the door just to be the slight bit closer to his alpha. Dean couldn’t scent him from inside the room but he could tell that Cas was as miserable about the situation as he was. Someone must have called to him because after giving a small wave to Dean, Cas walked back toward where they had taken the alpha.
Cas reached around and started jacking him off in time with his thrusts. Dean could tell he was getting close and threw all he had into sending his lover over the edge. He thrust back and clenched down as Cas surged forward. It didn't take long before he could feel Cas cumming, hot semen filling his ass. That's what tipped Dean over the edge. He came all over the dirty desk.
Michael then knelt next to Sam and with a touch sent him away. He turned to Dean and said “He's home. Safe and sound.” He walked over to Dean. “Your turn. I'll see you soon, Dean.”
Dean was a chameleon. He could be whatever he thought would work in the moment. Benny had seen him play the part of twink, a straight man working to pay his bills, a poor boy in need of someone to take him away from this life, and everything in between. He was a master at it.
“How about being what humans think angels are, protectors and healers, not dicks,” Dean suggested, his voice dark.
I am  working on lots of other stories right now, so there should be things to read in the coming weeks. I hope to see you over at some of the other stories.
They were heading to some doctor’s house for a BBQ. John didn’t know why this was so important to Kate but she insisted that they all went. Adam seemed excited. Apparently this doctor was the one that had written the case study that made Kate want to move here and Adam want to go into Med school. John hadn’t read the case study but from what Kate had told him about it he was sure it was a load of crap. There was no way anyone alpha or omega came out of a feral state.
"There were times when I was looking for my dad when all logic said that he was dead. But I knew in my heart that he was still alive. Who cares what some Ninja Turtle says, Cas? What do you believe?"
He had heard rumour that Crossroads had both male and female dancers working all the time and was distressed to find it was true. He firmly planted himself on the side of the club with the female dancers and tried to angle his body so he wouldn’t see the male ones.
Gabe thought he knew where this was going. “Where’s Castiel?” he asked Mark, worry in his voice. His brother was the only alpha on the force since Rufus had retired a year before.
Castiel wandered the forest and enjoyed the memories that came from being back there. The three of them had so much fun exploring the forest. Gabriel and Lucifer would have comeptitions to create the prettiest flower or the best tasting fruit and Castiel would be the judge. Those were good days.
They didn’t move. Dean, his traitorous son, offered to call them a cab and Kate nodded. John looked to Adam but he wanted to stick with his mom. John swore and stomped off, heading for his car and the closest bar he could find.
Gabriel laughed. "Yep, that does sound like how any courtship of Lucifer should start; with the omega trying to kill him." He flew off then.
“Soon it will be over,” Castiel promised Dean, “Then you can have all the attention and sex you want.”
Dean's magic was so subtle most people didn't even realize he had it. He still used hand tools like most tradesmen with no magical skill and he worked as a general handyman. But his work never failed and he could handle even seemingly impossible tasks.
So I went to do a bit of work in my garden today, just cleaning and stuff. When I was about to start it was sunny and nice out, by the time I made it out, it was windy dark and rainy. So I finished up quickly so I could go inside and have a shower. And now its sunny again. Stupid weather!
Gabe laughed in delight. But before he could say anything reassuring or more likely, teasing, Sam showed up.
The alpha by Dean’s side got there before the blow could land. His eyes were red and he was growling. John quickly took a step back in fear. But then he realized this was a good thing. It proved that alphas and omegas were weaker. This one had just gone feral at the drop of a hat and John was a pro at dealing with ferals.
Dean hesitated but finally agreed. He really did need sleep. The last thing he remembered was Cas putting two fingers to his forehead.
Dean shushed him and Sam flushed with embarrassment but soldiered on. "That's super rare," he told Dean. "You are going to have a strong connection with them. Do you know if it's romantic or platonic?"
Sam was talking quietly to Dean who appeared to be purring. Sam was saying something about needing Dean to wake up.
Gabe didn’t like the sound of that. He was preparing to ask more questions when he saw Castiel walk out of the hospital. He looked like he had been in a fight, his clothes ripped and dirty. He was on the phone and as he got close Gabe heard him say “Ok, I will finish my report when I come in tomorrow.”
“Why would he send you a letter?” Cas asked when Dean got to the part that brought him to the tavern.
"Hello Dean," came the reply in Cas's deep warm voice. Dean felt his smile grow bigger and settled against the car to hear what Cas had to say. There was a pause, maybe some hesitancy, before Cas continued. "May I ask if you have any plans for this evening?"
Sam made a face at Dean but Dean just shrugged. “That’s what they said, don’t get mad at me.” he then turned to Castiel and added “Roy’s the beta and Walt’s the alpha that tried to shoot Sam.”
Sam stared at him, slack-jawed. Dean felt better about his own reaction now. Even someone as smart as Sam was speechless.
Dean had been in fights before where his clothes were torn or bloody but never fully destroyed. How would that even happen? He decided to put it aside for now.
“That your brother?” Meg asked, seeing him on his phone. When Gabe nodded she continued, “When’s he going to stop playing hard to get and let me take him on a date? I could show him a wickedly good time.”
So if you have read this plus my other stories you might have noticed I keep writing Sam as smart but kinda clueless. Like how he still seems to forget that his brother is an omega. It's not that I dislike Sam, I quite like him, but I always found him to be a little bit selfish and self absorbed (in the early seasons at least). I kinda blame it on Dean.
They stayed like that almost an hour before Sam came in. He saw them and tried to back right back out but Castiel called to him, “Come in Sam, it’s alright.”
Castiel had been calling to contact him for several days. Finally Castiel demanded Lucifer’s presence. He couldn’t ignore the head alpha when he made demands. He flew to meet him.
When Gabe saw Sam it was hours later. Gabe had spent most of his lunch break with Castiel. His brother was still on edge from his encounter with the omega and needed regular scenting times with Gabe to help stabilize him. Gabe didn’t mind. Cassie had been there when Gabe had needed him. A few cuddles was the least he could do.
So has anyone else been spending a lot of time in their gardens? By the time this social distancing/ self isolation is over my garden is going to be awesome!
Just a little of Charlie and Dean handing out, followed by Sam and Dean hanging out. Don't worry Cas shows up in the next chapter.
Sam wasn't home when Dean made it inside so he took the opportunity to wash himself. Blacksmithing was a dirty job between the soot and the sweat. It was just a quick wash, bucket of water, soap and cloth, but he felt so much better as he threw on clean clothes.
He lost blood and time. He wasn’t even fully aware that the girl, Meg she said her name was, had left when he heard the distinct sounds of people fucking coming from somewhere near by. He had spilled all his secrets. He had always thought he was a tough guy, he had even been in the military, but she’d broken him. He wasn’t sure why he was still alive.
Castiel stopped him as a thought occurred to him. "Gabriel, wait." Gabriel paused and followed back at him. "The colt, the one the Winchesters have. Is it able to kill Lucifer?"
It only took Cas a couple more minutes to collect his phone, keys and wallet then they were out the door. The drive to Milton’s only took about 10 mins and Dean made sure to keep the music low enough that they could talk without yelling. Mostly they talked about Jess’s transfer and how if they had time they would go find her and Sam and buy them a drink in celebration.
Gabe laughed again. "It's fine," he replied nonchalantly, "just get the handsome handyman to fix it."
It soothed his ego a bit to see Crowley bend over backwards to try to reassure him that he would make it right. Cole was a VIP. He deserved to be treated better than that.
Benny chuckled at the question. He leaned close to Dean and said, "if I thought you would, I'd ask in a heartbeat mon cheri. But right now, I'm not sure who would kill me faster, your angel or you. I like my head where it is."
Cas nodded and started leading Dean back the way they'd come. As they walked Dean asked Cas questions about what they’d have to do or change to make the caves a proper nest for Cas and the babies. Cas was happy to share his plans with Dean.
This last week was... interesting. On Monday my dad (70 years old) fell. He managed to break his hip and needed surgery to get screws put in. While I am glad that his fall wasn't too bad and everything, it has been a bit hard. With covid we can't just go into the hospital so all the info we were getting was from him and he didn't know anything/was in pain. It wasn't too bad when he was in town, my sister's a doctor and was able to go up an see him, but he had to be transferred to the hospital in the next town over for his surgery. He was there for a couple days before they transferred him back. Now that he's back local my sister has been visiting him daily and my mom has been able to sneak in to see him (they are both fully vaxxed). We will hopefully get him home soon but it's going to be tough on him. He's going to need a wheelchair or walker to get around. He's not going to like that.
Castiel saw Dean turn when he heard the sound of wings and saw that Lucifer was gone. He shot a questioning look to Castiel. "Gabriel," Castiel said simply. Dean nodded and turned back to Sam and Bobby.
Bobby clapped him on the shoulder and said “Good, because if they don’t I will make them pay. I don’t care if they’re angels or not.”
Lucifer noticed that both brothers glared at Gabriel. Gabriel didn't seem to notice or care. "Cassie! I'm so excited. Aren't you?" Castiel ignored him as he led the brothers closer.
When they reached the scene of the crime, so to speak, Benny saw Dean sitting on the floor, a hand to his reddening cheek. From the looks of it he had been giving the VIP a lap dance when the man had hit him.
“Cassie, just wanted you to know he woke up. He’s awake, talking and lucid.” Gabe told him excitedly.
They headed back to Bobby's to make a plan. Dean called Cas and he showed up too. Ellen and Jo seemed fascinated by the angel and were making it their mission of the night to get him drunk. Dean watched as they poured drink after drink for the angel but he seemed as sober as ever.
They had a good evening, eating, drinking, laughing, and talking. Lots of people stopped by their table to talk and ask about how the babies were. Charlie stayed with them for over an hour. She and Dean did most of the talking but Cas seemed content to just hang out with them. A few of Dean's normal customers, hunters and mercenaries, also stop by to ask when the smithy would be open again. It was nice to know that he had loyal customers even if he wasn't planning to open for a while longer.
John could barely hear Dean’s response over the humming of rage in his own skull. Some part of him was listening and he could hear himself shouting back at Dean for whatever he had said. But what John was really focused on was his own thoughts.
The biggest drive behind his need for time alone was that Dean was horny. He hadn't been with anyone for over a year. He used to at least use those toys he made when he was alone to have a good time. With the babies, Cas moving in and Sam sleeping next door, Dean didn't have space or time to enjoy himself. Instead he had taken to quick jerk offs in the latrine just to take the edge off.
“Well isn’t this a surprise,” Pestilence commented. He seemed strangely calm for someone about to be defeated. Lucifer didn’t like that. It made him think Pestilence had a trick up his sleeve. He vaguely listened as Pesty as Dean had called him rambled about how humans were messy and disease was perfect. Lucifer didn’t really disagree that humans were messy but he was now mated to one and had promised to stop the horseman.
He would often call Dean on the phone. He was happy to hear that he and Sam were traveling together again. He could hear how much happier Dean was when Sam was with him.
He was drawn back to the present by the wedding planner checking on everyone and getting them ready to walk out. Dean and Cas were Sam’s groomsmen with Dean being the best man of course.
“This town was founded by outcasts to be a safe haven for all,” Jody declared. “Gordon Walker, you have betrayed that by trying to murder one of our residents by burning him alive. For this you will be banished. I never want you to step foot in this town again. It is no longer a refuge for you. We will give you one day to get your affairs in order.”
Dean almost laughed. Bobby was about as good a subtle as Dean, which was not at all, but he could tell he was trying not to pry. "I got a mark today," he said, then he couldn't hold the news in any longer. "Actually Bobby, I got 2 marks."
Dean had never thought about it but it made sense. A thought occurred to him. “Have you found anything like that so far?”
Gabriel's face lit up then his expression turned teasing. "So who are the lucky angels getting to mate with the lovely omega."
I hope everyone is doing well. The world seems like a strange place right now and it can be a little lonely so I am happy that you are all here to enjoy stories (not just mine) together.
Cas had him bent over a desk in an old warehouse office. It was dirty and gross but somehow that made it even better. Cas hadn't even stripped. He had just opened his pants enough to shove his dick into Dean's barely prepped hole. It was perfect.
It took Dean 2 years to get into Cas's pants but once he did that was it. Cas was his, and he was Cas's. Dean was willing to kill anyone who tried to get between them, and over the years Cas had proved that the feeling was mutual.
Dean was already to go by lunch time. Sam had moved all his stuff to his car while Dean showered and changed from his hospital gown to real clothes.
He lay there next to Dean for about an hour before Sam came back to the motel room. Sam gave a start when he saw them and tried to back out of the room but Castiel waved him in. Sam seemed relieved to see that both Dean and Castiel were still dressed and came in cautiously.
They had saved the world. He figured that planning out everyone’s future, getting paperwork to declare Adam and his mom alive, and anything else that could come up, could wait until after dinner. They had the rest of their second (or more) lives to figure it out.
This chapter is mostly Dean and Cas being cute buddies. I will say that the exchange between Dean and Gordon was one of my favorite things to write. Gordon's an ass but Dean can handle it.
Dean's vision went dark as he came. He felt Cas's thrusts stutter and he was flooded with heat as Cas came deep inside him.
They spent a couple minutes emptying their bags and putting their new clothes in their laundry pile to wash before they wore them. Then Sam settled onto his bed with one of his new books. Dean still wanted to talk to Bobby without Sam listening in and the $20 was the perfect excuse.
Dean raised an eyebrow at that. Cas wasn't really one for surprises. He kept quiet though as they drove, enjoying the music and company.
During their lunches Dean would tell him about how the repairs were going, his favorite movies, and boast about his brother Sam. Cas in turn would try to explain what he was working on, to various degrees of success. Lunch quickly became Cas's favorite time of day.
“I still do not understand why your preference for male company would cause a town to run you out,” Cas told him, a frown on his face.
“Just make sure you put in a loophole for us. It would be bad if we kept forgetting to take care of the eggs,” Dean warned.
This week has been a weird one for me. I have had so many emotions that I just feel exhausted.  It started Tuesday when my Dad, who I live with, told me that I should probably start looking to move out. Not like right away, but before I go forward with something I have been planning. (Don't want to go in to details but that thing probably wont be till sometime next year). I had never planned to live here forever but I guess I got comfortable and it kinda felt like I was being kicked out.
A snore drew their attention back to Dean. He had fallen fast asleep. Castiel carefully shifted him so that Dean's head was on his chest and his arms were free. He put one arm around Dean and gestured with the other for Lucifer to also lay down. Lucifer lay down also putting his head on Castiel's chest so he could watch Dean's sleeping face. Castiel shuffled a little so he could bring his wings out and wrap them around his soon-to-be mates. Castiel sighed and closed his eyes. He enjoyed having everyone wrapped in his arms and wings.
“A sigil.” Dean automatically supplied. He tried again to send John away. “Why don't you go help Sam out? Okay? Because this has gotta be done in It's gotta be done in human blood.”
Dean nodded again and moved in for a hug. Cas dropped his bag and wrapped his arms around his omega.
Dean spent his day at the forge and by the end had about a dozen sex toys done. He had almost run out of silver by the last one and used the small amount remaining to make a couple small protective charms Sam could spell later. Silver held enchantments well and was a favorite for spells and charms. He cleaned up his tools and materials and banked the fire.
The crowd grew quiet and the only sounds were the crackling of the building behind him and the cries from the babies (they apparently didn't like being woken up that way). All eyes were on him and Gordon, so no one, except maybe Dean, noticed Jess slipping behind Sam, hopefully to free him.
