Eventually, we walk up to a supermarket, and I buy a can of cheap beer, a miniature bottle of vodka, and a pack of cigarettes with a lighter. I can’t fake bad hygiene, but if I want to look like a drunkard, I should smell like it, too. I duck into a back alley not far from our mark, making sure there’s nobody watching.
“That sounds like a case Sherlock should have been working on, doesn’t it, Mycroft? Have you already replaced him that easily? Are you planning to betray that one to the next bad guy who asks, too?”
I shake my head.
“How long did you plan to give detective-or-whatever Wagner until you disappear? I didn’t believe that nonsense about a week for a second.”
We reach one of the small streets full of quaint little shops that Paris is so famous for, and I’m not all that surprised to see Sherlock enter a second-hand bookshop that looks like nothing in it was printed less than a hundred years ago. The shop is far too cluttered for me to follow into, not even to mention the bell above the door. I decide to wait outside instead, enjoying the beautiful evening air. Sherlock browses the shelves for a long time, finally settling on two ancient tomes whose titles I probably wouldn’t understand even if I could read them from my position. The shopkeeper wraps them up very carefully, which makes me smile. The way Sherlock will probably treat these books – the way he treats all his books – would abhor this man.
Two – one – boom. Harry explodes.
Sherlock actually blushes. I have no idea how he’s doing it, but he’s playing the insecure traveler incredibly well. It makes him look ten years younger than I know him to be.
I stagger down the street maybe fifty yards, then sit on a bench. It’s where we’ve decided to meet after, and I settle in for a long wait. Even if Sherlock finds the storage room and gains access quickly, it might be a while until he has secured the information and can safely wander outside without arousing suspicion. This is the worst part of it, not knowing what’s going on and no chance of helping if anything goes wrong. I am a man of action, and this is driving me mad. I don’t know how Harry can stand it, waiting back in London, and I resolve to bring her up to speed more often from now on. Once Sherlock returns, if he returns. I can only hope he makes it out safely.
There, I’ve done it. Now he’s really getting angry. He ignores my questions, grabbing me by the lapels of my coat and pushing me up against a tree. He’s standing close, too close, and I have to clamp doen on my instincts screaming at me to fight back. This is Sherlock, and he has every right to be angry. I’ve gone far on this journey, maybe too far.
I remember him telling me exactly that, about getting one or two things wrong, back when he made those ridiculous deductions about Harry on our first day together. I can’t help but tease him.
I kiss him deeply before I take off the cloak, and he laughs softly.
Mycroft ‘s face shows not the slightest motion.
“I’m still Harry. Short for Harriet now in the new paperwork I’ll have to turn up, I guess. I like the name, it’s one of the few things I have left from my parents. I’ll have to change my last name, though, if I don’t want people to find me.”
I don’t bother to hide my smile.
“Is it over, now?”, I finally asked, and she nodded against my shoulder.
“I’d love to, but… I met someone at the museum this morning. We’re going out for dinner, maybe dancing after.”
“Harry… How do you feel about children?”
Undercover madness! Meet John's new cover identity, and see what our two favorite idiots get up to...
[I’d say pretty well, actually. Was stationed at the NATO training ground in Bergen near Fallingbostel for a while, and had opportunities to stay up and using it every now and then after that.]
I pull him to the bed and under the blanket, curling up around him.
Sherlock is already getting on a tram when I get close to him, and of course I miss it. I’ll have to take the same line to ensure I reach his destination, and the next one is listed in fifteen minutes. Time enough to grab a bite. Who knows when I will get the next opportunity, knowing Sherlock’s usual whirlwind investigation habits. There’s a small fast food restaurant on the other side of the street with an open front door, and I sneak into the bathroom to take off my invisibility cloak. Being seen is always a risk, but if I only take off the cloak inside, that limits the number of witnesses.
“I’m so sorry, John”, Mrs. Hudson says, and I nod. She still believes Sherlock and I were a couple all along – if only she knew how often I wished the same.
I lean back against the wall and sigh.
“You still haven’t figured anything out, have you? Harry did get a kick out of those ridiculous notions you had. She’s never touched alcohol in her life. And you’ll be back here by tonight. I promise.”
Minutes later, in a deserted side street, Sherlock finally stops and pulls out a phone.
Sherlock listens with rapt attention, then seems to decide it’s time for experiments. Sneaking around the room, he knocks on the window to make me jump, then tries to sneak past me to the door. I grab his arm to stop him.
“I think you might be exactly what Alexey needs.”
The man greets Sherlock in English, and Sherlock’s West Asian accent is even stronger in his native language, probably because he’s gotten a lot more practice going undercover in Britain. More pleasantries and code words exchanged, the man finally invites Sherlock inside. This time, I barely manage to sneak inside before he closes the door again, and I accidentally brush against Sherlock’s arm in the process. He whips around, and I press against the wall as far away from him as I can. The cloak hides me from sight perfectly, but not from touch, nor any of the other senses. Sherlock frowns when he sees no one, then shakes his head.
“And honestly, why would you, if you’d just kill yourself afterwards? Even if you’d killed him in revenge for speaking the truth, there’s just no reason to cover up a murder if you can’t be prosecuted for it any more. And a fake you never could have managed the cover-up. So Moriarty had to be real, it couldn’t have all been a lie. Really, Sherlock, did you think nobody’d notice? Then I watched Mycroft identify that corpse that didn’t even look like you, when Molly Hooper was on a convenient leave of absence so she couldn’t correct the identification…”
“One moment, please.”
“I have an informant who might be in danger during the raid. My orders are to guard him personally so he can testify. He has been of tremendous help in acquiring the necessary information.”
“Good morning to you, too, JD”, Harry says dryly. “I see you haven’t slept yet. Congratulations on finally having the guts to tell him after so long.”
I grin.
Warning: this is easily the heaviest chapter of the whole story. This is where all the not-previously-used warnings apply. This is where our boys finally figure out just how far this case goes, and it might come close to breaking them.
“Sherlock? Du meinst Jacques?”
He takes a plastic container of what’s obviously tradional, home-made falafel dough out of the fridge. I haven’t seen that in Europe before, even with all the international food London offers, and it reminds me of my favorite days in Afghanistan, patrolling market days. Two of my squad mates and I always enjoyed these simple meals that contrasted so much with what our military provided day-to-day, and we volunteered for those shifts more often than not. The tea here is good, too, hot and strong, and I relax. If there’s one thing Brits and Arabs can agree on, it is tea.
We zig-zag through side streets mostly downhill, past large fast food restaurants and yet more bars, and Sherlock is probably wondering where we are going and what I am looking for by the time we reach another main street. This one seems to be mostly for transit, as there are still a lot of cars passing by and almost no pedestrians near.
“Thanks, Harry. You’re the best sister I could ever hope for.”
She smiled at that.
Once again, Harry had been in danger, and once again she had had to save herself. Once again, I had not been able to rescue her, just like I hadn’t been able to save half a dozen soldiers in the attack that injured me so badly. I was honorably discharged some weeks later, but refused to move back in with the sister I had let down so badly. Deeper and deeper I slipped into all those pesky PTSD symptoms, and only when I got sucked into the whirlwind life of Sherlock Holmes and had to kill to save him did I realize the truth: I did not see all my bloody failures flashing by because they scared me. I saw them because, crippled as I was, I did not have a way to save anyone else. Sherlock Holmes changed that.
Sherlock is in Albert Cuyp market, one of the biggest street markets in the Netherlands. It’s one of the last places I’d expected to find him. What kind of operation could Moriarty possibly be hiding in such a busy part of town? Then again, hundreds of stalls and thousands of tourists each day might be the perfect cover for illegal activities that need direct interaction with other parts of the business chain on a regular basis, be it clients or suppliers. Maybe one of the stalls sells drugs or other illegal stock under the table?
“Guten Abend. Hier ist Zimmer 317. Könnten wir vielleicht eine große Kanne Tee mit zwei Tassen bekommen?... Ja, 317, genau. Danke. Einen schönen Abend Ihnen ebenfalls.“
“I do love you, you idiot. That is why I came after you, as you’ve probably deduced already. But it is absolutely not okay to define something as a date when the other person involved hasn’t even the slightest idea you’re interested. Dates are what you do after that confession. Neither is it okay to kiss someone for the first time while invisible, again especially when they have no clue about your interest. At least let me look at you so I can enjoy this, alright?”
Typing out the first part of chapter 6 now, then rewriting the second half of it (which is where the gruesome parts of the case start and the first few warning labels apply). If you're lucky, chapter 6 will be online within the week... but wedding prep might prevent that, so no promises.
He frowns.
Sherlock shakes his head.
Harry frowns.
I think about it for a moment.
“I have a backpack with multiple expansion and protection spells on it, based on that handbag Hermione had back when we were hiding out in the wilds hunting horcruxes for a year. We’ll have to make a list of what you need in it, obviously. Numerous port-keys for your check-ins goes on top. I want you back here at least once a week for dinner and a full report on what’s going on on both fronts. Half an emergency room worth of medical stuff, protective gear for both of you if he ever finds out the truth…”
“Ah, Monsieur Poirot. So good of you to join us. This is my expert for computer work, Bernd Weißmüller. Bernd, this is Jacques Poirot, Interpol undercover agent from France.”
Two weeks later, I got shot, and my whole life turned around once more. When Harry came to visit me after the third surgery back in England, all the rest of the life that had seemed so perfect came crushing down. After the wedding, Harry’s wife had admitted to being a witch – she had, as Harry explained, legally not been allowed to tell her seemingly unmagical spouse before the wedding. In a sudden, atypical bout of optimism, or maybe love-fueled insanity, Harry had decided to not want any secrets between them, and confessed the whole truth about who she was. Everything escalated, and only major illegal magic as well as a quick divorce only weeks after the wedding had kept the story from being sold to at least one major magical news company and spreading like a wildfire through that world. Our secret was safe, and Harry alone and disillusioned once more.
Of course, I don’t actually search for anything. Sherlock and I have an appointment to keep in Amsterdam, and as soon as we’re through the door, Sherlock pulls me through the door of his room.
He grins at me proudly.
“That boy is someone special, John… he reminded me so much of you. Someone who lives to protect others. They keep both mothers and children in line with threads to kill the other if anyone revolts, escape or tries to get help, but he… He’s been there for years, and found out only a few months in that his mother had been killed shortly after he arrived. He’d have had so many opportunities to escape ever since, as he didn’t have anyone to endanger anymore… but he didn’t.”
The inhabitant of the flat is snoring at his desk, half a dozen windows still open on the screen. Sherlock smirks in satisfaction – did he do something to drug the man while I was out of the room? -, then kneels down behind the man and picks up his mouse. He clicks around wildly, nodding every now and then, but I can’t see the screen from where I’m standing. The room is too small.
“And what might that be?”
“What do you need?”, she asks, and I think for a moment.
“Slowly. Learn the ground rules first, then practice. There’s quite a few things you need to look out for if you don’t want people to notice you. This is not a magic ring you place on your finger, it only makes those parts invisible that it covers. Try it.”
John's undercover identity was brought to you courtesy of that ridiculous moustache in season 3, too many aging bikers I saw around Augsburg when I lived there around the time season 2 came out ("I used to run a bar for the Hell's Angels in Spain some decades ago", that guy still owes me money) and one of the most glorious patterns on Ravelry: https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/flaming-hot---brennheit - so yes, that cardigan actually exists, and it's so ridiculous that I've been wanting to knit one ever since the pattern appeared in my recs. Haven't found an excuse yet.
“I don’t have a gun! You’ve searched me yourself, both before and after the raid! You’ve searched the room! You knew I don’t use guns before this whole thing even started, I told you!”
“No, Sherlock. No, no, no. Not good.”
“Half a brain cell, as you said. Do continue.”
Jegor Sokolov is quite obviously not the kind of person to stay at a hostel, and indeed Sherlock heads for a sparkling four-star hotel that is the exact opposite of his last accommodation. An employee helps to carry his suitcase up to the third floor, and when we’re finally inside a beautiful single room alone, Sherlock leans back against the door and sighs in relief. Obviously, the trip has exhausted him just as much as it did me. The first thing he does is rip off his wig. His own hair is plastered to the sides of his head – I don’t want to imagine what the airtight contraption felt like after a day and night.
He can’t possibly be thinking about going through with this, he just can’t! Was I wrong about him, were people like Sergeant Donovan right? Does he truly have so little empathy that he will use children as a means to solve a case? I want to curse at him, want to shoot the guards and get these children out – but no. No. There has to be a reason, he’s not just doing this because he’d do anything for information. What if there are children at one of the other locations? What if us rescuing these would endanger all of them once the network finds out about it? What if Sherlock finds out something here, from this boy, that will help save them all? Can I really risk that, just for this one child’s sake?
The boy frowns.
“Medical conference. I’m doing a presentation tomorrow morning.”
I spend most of the morning reading and occasionally forcing a new cup of tea heavily spiked with cream and sugar on Sherlock. I know from experience that he’ll refuse any other type of sustenance until this rush of case is over, and he refused my offer of help as well. Going back between the case-chart and his mind palace trying to sort all the possibilities, it is after noon when he finally speaks.
They scramble through an abandoned building and up to the roof, hoping to find a fire escape. But the building is old and the roof is rickety, and John’s foot goes right through a rotted board and a giant hole opens up, and John starts to slip. Sherlock’s fast, but not quite fast enough, and he spins around and grabs John by one wrist just in time to stop him plummeting through the hole. The boards under Sherlock creak precariously as John’s weight pulls Sherlock over, knocking him off his feet and nearly into the hole as well.
“I’m not going to argue with you.”
“More chicken?” Sherlock holds out a carton to John after scooping some onto his own plate.
“Honestly,” John added, settling his hands on Sherlock’s waist. “You look healthy. And really bloody
John began to notice that he no longer had to prompt Sherlock to eat dinner. That week, Sherlock cooked breakfast on three separate occasions. And when John got home from work the following Monday, Sherlock had already ordered a staggering amount of takeaway. John tucked in gratefully, distracted by an old spy movie Sherlock had found on Channel Four. He barely noticed the meal disappearing until Sherlock put an empty carton on the coffee table and leaned back on the couch, one hand on his middle. It wasn’t the only empty carton.
“Test out your metabolism.”
“I find nothing ridiculous about having found a way to inject excitement into our sex life at this stage.”
Sherlock sighed. “No, not quite yet. So maybe we should -- restrain ourselves. Until then.” He raised an eyebrow. “You’ve no idea how much I weighed this morning.”
Sherlock folds his hands over the swell of his stomach, and John raises an eyebrow. There’s no denying it – Sherlock’s put on even more weight recently. Even while lying flat, his stomach rounds upward; his hips look wider, a soft lip of pudge straining the waistband of his pyjamas. And the last time Sherlock had on his trousers, John was certain he was about to rip a seam.
"In the middle of the night,“ Sherlock says, apropos of nothing, "I’ve been… starving. Lately.”
“It’s not a lot,” John says. “But your suits fit differently.”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“I’m well aware.”
After that, John found himself reaching for Sherlock without thinking about it, nudging him with his shoulder, sitting closer on the sofa as Sherlock tangled one foot under John’s. Lines were definitely blurring.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Sherlock shrugs on his jacket, straightens, and buttons it.
“Five pounds in a week,” John grumbles, stepping off the scale. “In the wrong direction.”
Sherlock sighs. “I’m fine.”
Because Sherlock was getting a belly, now – there could be no denying it. Much of his new weight was settling low around his middle, and his once-flat stomach was becoming nicely rounded. “Nicely” was a good word for it – John found the sweet curve of it utterly irresistible. He was quickly becoming obsessed with making sure Sherlock didn’t lose it. Did Sherlock, in fact, notice this new change to his “transport,” or was he oblivious? Should John say something about how much he loved it, and risk Sherlock taking notice (and starting to diet)? Sherlock never did anything by halves – he’d be skinnier than ever in a month or two.
Sherlock pauses, a bite of chow mein halfway to his lips. “Oh,” he says.
“No cold case files?"
“You’ve put on weight,” John says, in mild surprise.
Well, if they saw Sherlock’s belly at the moment, they’d certainly think so.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Who’s to say it won’t happen again?”
* * *
~ ~ ~
There is a long silence.
The holidays rolled around, with plenty of parties to keep them occupied. Ordinarily, Sherlock complained to no end about social events, but now that they were together, Sherlock was much more amenable to an evening out. Especially if it meant he could stand next to John and make snarky observations about the other guests – and then steal John away for a snog in the coat closet.
“But you didn’t.”
Sherlock sits up and stretches again, his t-shirt riding up to expose an expanse of pale flesh. There’s something decadent about the way the extra weight has settled on Sherlock, and as he stands up, John wants nothing more than to get his hands on that generous belly, those plush hips, the newly rounded swell of Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock smiles as John steps closer.
“All right, yeah,” John admits, giving Sherlock’s stomach a jiggle. “This is quite a tum you’re getting, love.”
“Heavier than this, you think?”
“Speak for yourself.” Sherlock pressed a kiss to his neck and reached down to aid John’s cause. He gave a frustrated huff when his trousers didn’t immediately give way. Sherlock grabbed for John’s jeans instead and started fumbling with the button.
“Yeah, but you’ve never listened
“You’re getting heavy,” John managed, as Sherlock ran his tongue over John’s ear. John shuddered happily.
True to his word, John takes up jogging, and starts up some of his basic training exercises from his army days. He’s dismayed to find he’s woefully out of shape. He finds Sherlock’s eyes on him whenever he gets back to the flat, sweaty and winded.
John crossed his arms and gave him a two-fingered salute.
“Hmmm,” John says, taking a bite of toast.
John looked down at Sherlock, taking in the the subtle changes that were easy to miss over years of living with someone. “I mean ‘we.’ You think you’re immune to the passage of time, do you?”
“Me either. My bad influence, I suppose.”
“Easy for you to say. You’ll drop the weight in no time. I’ll have to suffer through months of celery and carrot sticks.”
Their bellies brush together as Sherlock leans in, and as they break apart, Sherlock looks down. “This,” he says, patting the side of his own belly.
John laughed. “See, moving’s not so easy.”
“We can go out jogging, if you like,” John offers one morning, over eggs on toast.
“Genetics.” Sherlock waved a hand. “No matter, there’s a cold case in the file, I can fast at least a week if I start working on it –”
drop a bit of this,” he said ruefully.
They look at each other, and then John finds himself leaning in just as Sherlock does. The kiss is soft at first, and then gloriously hot. When they break apart, Sherlock is wide-eyed and breathing hard. “I’ve been wanting to do that for ages,” he says.
John laughs out loud at the stream of profanity that issues from the sitting room. He pours two generous glasses of Scotch, then sets them on the coffee table and settles next to Sherlock.
"You do know what that means,” Sherlock says. “We’ve got to balance out.”
“Not hungry?”
“Inhale. Try again,” John said, leaning on the edge of the bed.
Sherlock took a breath. “I’m getting – podgy,” he admitted.
John smiles as Sherlock’s slightly-less-hollow cheeks take on a pink hue.
“No, not that.” Sherlock glanced up at John, his eyes traveling over John’s body. They lingered on John’s waist for a telling moment.
takes care of you.”
“I’ve been busy.”
John glances at the kitchen, where a pile of dishes fills the sink. A plate of toast and jam is still out on the counter. He smirks. “Of course.”
“John –”
“A stone and a half,” Sherlock grumbled.
“I needed to make room for a specimen in the freezer,” Sherlock says.
Sherlock sighs, but raises an eyebrow in the direction of the kitchen. “What’s for dinner?”
“Unfortunately.”
Sherlock’s deep chuckle was contagious. When they’d stopped laughing, Sherlock sat up. “In that case,” he said, “I think it’s time for pudding.”
“I’m going to revise my previous statement,” Sherlock says.
“No?”
“Bit tight, hmm?” Sherlock’s mouth twitches in a smile.
John was at Sherlock’s side before he could really think, locking the sitting room doors and sliding onto the sofa next to him. They leaned in, reaching for each other, and John swallowed a moan as Sherlock’s gut pressed against him. John put a hand on Sherlock’s side, and broke off their kiss. “Bit podgy now, aren’t you?” he murmured slyly.
“Good lord. Can’t you breathe?”
Sherlock caught his eye and smirked. “Shut up.”
Sherlock snorts. “I am not ‘sensitive.’”
And there was also the way Sherlock looked with a belly on him -- a real belly, not just a soft little tum. When he overate, they could both see how he would really look, if the effects of his meal stuck around -- Sherlock was tall, and his chest was broader now, and he could get big if he really wanted to do it.
John picks it up and hands it over. Sherlock glances at him, then down at his shirt, where a sliver of pale flesh is exposed, free of its confinement. His brow creases in annoyance.
“Yes,” Sherlock rumbled, eyes closed, an expression of utter bliss on his face. “God, yes.” He opened his eyes and looked hazily back at John. “I’m
John raised an eyebrow.
fat.”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“You don’t usually think supper is boring.”
“What about your suits?” John raised his eyebrows. “You love those suits.”
“They’ll do for today.”
“Well, we can’t have you exploding out of your old ones, I suppose,” John said, with a grin.
John gives it a final stir and leans into Sherlock’s embrace as long arms snake around him. “Hang on,” he chuckles. “Be patient.”
“My goodness,” he said, when he visited their flat a few days later. Sherlock was lounging in a dressing gown, finishing breakfast. “Shoe’s on the other foot now, isn’t it? More than a stone, Sherlock, in a
Sherlock hummed impishly, beginning to chuckle. John reached for him, sliding a hand up under his shirt. Sherlock flinched. On closer inspection, Sherlock’s belly was definitely rounding, curving out just below his navel. “Oh, I like this,” John said. “This is very good. Very very good.”
Well, no, not anymore, John thought, and hid a smile. Sherlock took a bite and shifted on his stool, and John’s gaze wandered over him affectionately. And then he blinked. Sherlock’s bespoke trousers were pinched at the waist, creased in a way that suggested they were a tiny bit tight.
“…John?”
Sherlock looks back at him with a slow half-smile, and then the cab stops.
Sherlock rests a hand on the side of his stomach. “I’d meant to stop this,” he grumbles, “but it turns out I quite like the food.”
“It’s not quite what it used to be.”
“That I’m getting fat?”
They were getting plenty of exercise, if sex counted as exercise, but Sherlock’s appetite showed no signs of waning. And so, much to John’s amazement, he continued to fill out. His thin chest broadened, and his ribs began to disappear. His arse rounded out in a delicious curve, which drove John to distraction. And most impossibly of all, his belly started to poke out by a fractional amount. After one lazy weekend spent lounging in their pyjamas, Sherlock went to dress after showering and found his trousers just wouldn’t do up.
Sherlock blinked. “You were never thin, John.”
“I was wondering when you would notice,” Sherlock said, running large hands over John’s larger stomach. “Mrs Hudson didn’t bring biscuits with your tea yesterday, come to think of it.”
“Oh, god. You didn’t look at these?”
“Oh, really.”
“Not for me, idiot. For you.”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. “No wonder... what.”
“Dunno if I need one.” Sherlock shifts on the sofa, his trousers still partly undone. “What I really need is some ice cream.”
Sherlock glances at John and grins. His smile has dimples John hasn’t noticed before. He steps off the scale clad in shirtsleeves and new trousers, which are already looking a bit tight. For a while his gain hadn’t been obvious, since he’d been so underweight, but these days Sherlock is looking almost… chubby.
“I still wouldn’t say fat…”
“Not disagreeing with me, I see,” Sherlock adds.
Sherlock looked up, eyes wide. “No, it’s, um. It’s fine. Really.”
Sherlock’s hand moved absently to the generous curve under his shirt. He raised an eyebrow and looked down. “True,” he said. “More than expected, I’ll admit.” He grasped John’s hand where it lingered on his waist and pulled John closer. Sherlock’s stomach was soft and warm where it met John’s, not quite aligned, but close enough. John looked up and noted that Sherlock’s jawline had softened, the edges of his profile no longer glass-sharp. He stretched up to kiss Sherlock and did so with faint difficulty, noticing with chagrin that his own middle was hindering the motion. This was possibly unacceptable.
"C'mere then, Podgy. I think your belly needs a rub.”
John grinned. “There’s plenty of distance now.”
“True.”
“Our first case,” Sherlock murmured, holding out his hand. They peered at the photo together. “Fifteen years ago?”
“Closer to plump, I think.” Sherlock leaned in, tugging at John’s shirt. “You’re the podgy one.”
One morning, John walked into the kitchen and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder affectionately as he went past, not even realising until Sherlock flinched in surprise.
“No. No, I – I didn’t.”
“Oh, God,” John breathed, letting his head fall forward onto Sherlock’s shoulder. “Oh, God. That was
“221 Baker Street,” the cabbie says.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“No. That we both waited this long before saying anything.”
John looked at his lover’s undeniably round tum. “Well. Just fat enough.”
“You’re meant to carry some extra weight.” Sherlock’s cheeks actually turn pink. “It suits you. Not like me.”
“No?” John smoothed a hand over the front of his shirt. “I’m certainly giving it a try these days.”
… several months later…
“Maybe a bit more,” Sherlock said grudgingly.
“Look at you,” she cooed at Sherlock, who was lounging on the sofa, lost in thought about a cold case. “John, you’ve done such a marvellous job feeding him up, I tried for years.” Setting the pile of folded sheets on the sofa, she raised an eyebrow in Sherlock’s direction. “Even a bit extra, hmm?”
“Why did you think of me?”
“Very well. I will do everything in my power to hasten the necessary procedures.”
“Oxana, so probably Ksyusha to her friends and family by Russian traditions, if you want to be realistic. So you and she talked about her and the child coming to live with you because things were bad for them down there, then they suddenly disappeared.”
Checking both Sherlock’s and Harry’s location through that wonderful tracking charm whenever either of them isn’t with me has become second nature ever since he started wearing that scarf almost constantly. I keep checking on the scarf at least hourly for days, but only a few hours before the funeral does it finally move. I really, really hope that Mycroft will not give it back to me as a keepsake at the funeral or store it with the rest of his possessions. For now, it is my only reliable way of tracking the elusive Sherlock Holmes, and it is also one of the best protections he has, even if he doesn’t know it. The way he usually wears it blocks shots to his heart and lungs at least from the front, and it is designed to keep his core body temperature at healthy levels no matter which crazy climates this adventure might lead him to.
“I’ll have to mail it from Germany”, Sherlock scowls. “He’d notice a British post mark, even if I do hate the extra shipping time that will take.”
The look in his eyes already tells me that he’s not finished, and that I’ll probably want to hit him for what he says next.
“Glad you agree. How’s the dossier coming?”
Time to pay Sherlock back for making me almost blow my cover giggling in Lyon.
Three days later, Sherlock has found the children, or at least some of them. I don’t know if he made some deduction or other, or if he continued to pick random places off his list as he did the two previous times, but we are now in Augsburg, a small city near Munich, and we have found hell. Maybe Sherlock suspected what I never even dared to consider, for he did not ask for women at the door this time. In the role of a French businessman, speaking English to my surprise, he asked for “entertainment for gentlemen with unusual tastes”, and that might just be the mildest description possible for what we have just uncovered.
“Was kann ich für Sie tun?” [what can I do for you], he asks, and I study the small menu on the counter.
Sherlock struts through, and I shadow after him. Another guard lurks down the hallway, nodding to Sherlock in greeting as the door closes behind us.
“He tries to get all the most dangerous clients away from the others, especially from the younger ones. He even taught himself to speak German from listening to the guards, just to be able to talk the clients into switching choices. It didn’t always work, but often enough to scar him badly. We need to get them out of there, all of them, but the way these houses are linked… this isn’t even the only one with kids. We’d have to hit all of them at the same time, and wherever the leaders are holed up, too. How are we supposed to that, just the two of us? I haven’t even found out where the leaders are, yet.”
He frowns.
So yeah, I finally got around to typing out the next chapter, which was already written when I posted the first four. But it's twice as long as the previous ones, so enjoy - we're finally going to Amsterdam, and getting to see Sherlock investigate quite a few connections to previous cases. John is intrigued, maybe you will be, too?
“Sending him in as a customer again might actually work in our favor”, a youngish woman cuts in.
Out in the staircase, I set out to repeat my escape plan from earlier today, but this time I miscalculate. I accidentally step onto the first step further upstairs, and Sherlock whips around at the sound it makes. He listens for a moment and glances up and down the stairs frantically. I freeze. When no further sign of life comes, he closes the door behind him as quietly as he can, then heads down the stairs. I wait for a while after he leaves. This time, I know at least one place he’s going – back to the hostel and his things.
“Ich dachte, du wärest tot!”
He gets up, and I lead him back to the front door.
Somehow, I knew she’d say that. I’ve thought some of the same things, but I shake my head anyways.
She smiles and hands me the large piece of shimmering, silvery fabric.
“I’m not making you go through that! I am not letting you pose as a customer for these people, it’s too risky, they’d never believe you! You’re too honest, they’d realize how disgusting you think all that is! They hardly believed my lies!”
Harry gasps in shock again.
I know they are normally working each shift with at least two or three people, so I can only imagine how stressful fourteen hours of that alone every day must have been. And I did tell Sherlock “a few hours” to talk to her, so I might as well make myself useful. He won’t miss me for a while.
really been just an actor, what reason would he have had to shoot himself after everything came out? It was the role of his lifetime, and there probably would have been dozens of roles waiting for him. And it was suicide, even Anderson would have seen that. I saw the corpse. It would have taken you at the height of your game to fake it.”
I smile at his outburst. Does he really think he’s fooling me into thinking it’s only the case he’s concerned about? I was right to call him a sentimental fool, even if I’m no better.
“Boyfriend, actually”, Sherlock interjects shoothly. “I’m Bram. Short for Ibrahim. Lovely to meet you, Mrs. …”
“Listen to your imaginary lover, Sherlock. Grab it, you’ll see.”
It does sound like the title of a superhero comic we've all been waiting to read, does it not? Let's see what kind of shennanigans our beloved detective will be up to, and if John really will come to rue this decision...
Eventually, I find a place to don the invisibility cloak again, and we got to meet an IT specialist already waiting for Djamil. Again, Sherlock has prepared the memory stick he gives him with a slow-acting, sleep-inducing contact poison, but this time, he does not have to guess how long it might take to work. I stay inside the flat invisibly when Sherlock leaves, and call him back in as soon as the man passes out two hours later. This time, we grab enough information for at least three more large cases, including the illegal arms trading one Sherlock already noticed when we last came here. It will probably become our next case.
“John!” So wonderful of you to help out! And you brought a friend, too! “, Hettie exclaims, and I smile. I do like the senior owner of the bakery, who’s been mothering Harry and me ever since Harry started working here twenty-five years ago.
I lean against the wall outside the door, not willing to watch what is unfolding inside the room. The sounds are very much enough, and they seem to be going on for a long time, though my watch tells me otherwise. Finally, it is over, and the two guards drag Sherlock out of room and down the stairs. I follow quietly. In front of the entryway, they forcefully turn him around and demand something. Sherlock nods and very slowly reaches into his coat. They watch him with obvious distrust, ready to manhandle him at any moment, but he only pulls out a big bunch of Euro bills. With a smile just as leery and malicious as the one the guard gave him earlier, he counts out what is probably the amount the two guards demand, gestures up the stairs with a few words and hands it over to the guard. Then, he counts out two more sums, gestures to each of the guards in turn and hands that money over as well. Both guards react in shock and anger, the second one actually going as far to punch him in the face. Then, they push him out the door violently and swear at him while he struts away grinning.
“Ich will doch nur mal ein paar Stunden vergessen, dass sie weg ist… Bitte, Kumpel… Das Bier reicht einfach nicht…“
[He’s right, and you know it. Both our Heidi and that old guy you brought with you agreed that they saw no weapon of any kind near this man when the shots fell. And they were ready to shot the guard if he hadn’t been shot from the other side already.]
Ten minutes later, we are walking along the Wertach river, which is conveniently close to the hotel. Obviously, Sherlock has taken my request for “outside” more literal than I meant it, but the fresh air will probably do both of us good. Neither of us has said a word so far, but now he breaks the silence.
When Harry returns with the tea tray and throws Paddy off the chair to sit there herself, Mycroft bows forward and looks at her inquisitively.
Harry nods thoughtfully.
He doesn’t answer, and I continue down the side street at a more leisurely pace. We reach a large street that seems to be mostly occupied by bars, each of them well-filled up with people as only few dare to sit outside in this cold weather. Not exactly Sherlock’s level of challenge, yet. Also, I need food, and Sherlock does, too.
“Are you sure you want to go through with this?”, I hear Sherlock ask right next to me. “Might be dangerous.”
I burst into giggles at the thought.
Sherlock, with an air of arrogance worthy of his brother, answers the greeting in a rapid gush of French that clashes badly with the heavy Russian accent he’s affecting, and the only word I understand by half is the very last one – some variation of “exotic”. It seems to be enough for the man, as he opens the door wider and beckons him in.
He actually smiles at that, and I busy myself with my backpack until the tea arrives. Out of habit, I fix  cups for both of us, then pass his over together with one of the huge chocolate muffins Harry packed for me from her bakery. I don’t know the secret to the spells on my backpack, but these are still fresh after days.
Sherlock nods appreciatively.
„Ich habe keine Drogen! Auch sonst hat hier niemand Drogen! Lassen Sie uns in Ruhe!“
Weißmüller takes in Sherlock’s suit-wearing form and grins.
“You may go, Mr. Poirot. But please, do stay in town, in case anyone comes up with better questions to ask than this idiot.”
It’s a glaringly oversimplified summary of a field Sherlock is very interested in, but it takes me answering the girl’s “Ewww!” with a charming “Yup… Professor Hamish William Hudson, expert on corpse-eating creepy-crawlies, Bakerville Institute, at your service” to finally get a reaction. It’s not the groan I was going for, but the elbow in the ribs works just as well at showing Sherlock understood my provocation perfectly. The girl disappears quickly after that – obviously, an entomologist is very much not the type of man she wants to flirt with.
“Shh… I’m here, Sherlock… shh…”
Sherlock smiles at the word choice.
Harry plays her role incredibly well, shouting and swearing at the headstone, begging Sherlock to please not be dead. I watch the emotions play across his face, more than he would ever show in front of another human being. It seems to take almost every ounce of his self-control not to answer, but when “I” and Mrs. Hudson finally walk away, he turns around and briskly walks into the opposite direction. I follow.
The others shake their heads, and Niedermayr gestures for Sherlock to join him. “Monsieur Poirot, if you would?”
We watch our two boys discuss something animatedly, until finally, Alexey comes over to us.
“Oh no! Poor Ksyusha… What happened?”
“Another Watson family secret?”
He smiles softly.
“That sarcasm of yours hit surprisingly close to the truth, to be honest, even if it was the wrong order of events. I imagined something quite like what you described to keep my cover. After all, I couldn’t exactly have them see me not react after using the cover story of a wife who’d never blow me…”
It’s dark in the trunk, and there is little more to do during the ride than keep tracking the scarf. It’s on the move again, seemingly towards the same destination we are closing in on. The bait I set out yesterday has lured someone, though I don’t yet know whether it is the one I was hoping for. Someone who arrives at the cemetery a few minutes before we do.
“Danke, dass ihr alle pünktlich wart. Ich gehe davon aus, dass ihr mittlerweile mit dem Vorbericht vertraut seid, worum es in diesem Fall geht.“ Most of the people in the room mutter some form of agreement. “Ich möchte euch unseren französischen Kollegen Jacques Poirot vorstellen. Seinem Team verdanken wir die Informationen in diesem Bericht. Er wird uns auf dieser Razzia begleiten.“
The bus station is incredibly busy, and I really hope our bus will not be quite as full, or I will be hard-pressed to find a safe hiding place. Of course, that hope is futile. There are at least thirty people all storming at the luggage compartment as soon as the driver opens it, and there is no way I will find a free seat or stand in the corridor during the ride. When all is loaded and the driver is busy checking tickets and passports, I make a spur-of-the-moment decision to crawl into the still-open luggage compartment. I find a place in one of the back corners, curling up and draping the cloak around me securely. It will be uncomfortable, but less risky, though I hate to miss the spectacle when Sherlock will undoubtably get bored during the fifteen-hour ride. Even the thought is entertaining. At least he doesn’t have my weapon with him – it’s still safely packed in the backpack I’m curling around. Maybe he’ll just sink into his mind palace? That might end up with him missing his stop instead…
Harry opens the door under the watchful eye of Mycroft’s driver, who will surely report back to him. The first thing she does is pull me into a tight hug, the kind that seems to be reserved for when we first see each other after some life-changing event or other. Our lives have seen too many of those by now.
“No need to improvise, I’ve experience enough. I
I point at the dossier spread out over the table, which is still a mess. Then, I bow down to kiss Sherlock longingly.
Harry grins back.
He gestures at Sherlock, who merely lifts a hand in greeting.
“Say that again, please.”
“Sherlock, this jokester’s my sister, Harry Watson. We’re at her place of work, a small bakery in Kensington, because she’s been working far too much lately.”
[Heidi is not a reliable source. It was her first mission of this kind, and it was her bloody idea to send this idiot in first. I should have known better than to trust newbies.]
Sherlock Holmes is hidden well among the trees, and my heart flutters when I see him. He really is alive, and obviously far more sentimental than almost everyone but me and Mycroft suspected. High-functioning sociopath, indeed – back in his trademark clothes that make him stick out so badly when he should be hiding, the treasured gift of a scarf back around his neck when he really should have left it with the decoy, lurking in the shadows to catch one last look at the people he loves. The ridiculous idiot might just be driven by his emotions more than almost anyone else in my life, and I love him all the more for it.
She still falls into soldier mode easier than almost everyone I’ve ever known. We are a lot alike that way, though it was such vastly different experiences that got us there.
An hour later, Djamil al Marad and the aging biker soon to be known as Werner Niedermayr walk into a small photographer’s shop in Amsterdam. Sherlock laughed out loud when I told him the name I had chosen some days ago. Neither of us will forget Kriminalhauptkommissar Jakob Niedermayr for a while, one of the most thorough officer’s we’ve met on this journey and the only one to get anywhere close to uncovering Sherlock’s secrets. The thought of him being related in any way to an identity like this one seems utterly ludicrous, which is exactly why I chose the name.
“The great Sherlock Holmes, gracious as an antelope. Or what’s that animal with the tusks called again?”
“I have a good guess at that. Alexey told me about a storage room in the basement that the kids aren’t allowed in. If I go visit him again, you could sneak down and look. I’m sure he’d be glad to help.”
Around twenty minutes in, the door opens. Sherlock comes in, now looking like himself again. The beard is gone, the curly hair is wet and tousled, and he’s only wearing a towel around his waist. I should be used to the sight by now – hell, I saw him go to Buckingham Palace wearing only a sheet -, but my breath still catches. I can only agree with the wolf-whistles the two girls are giving him.
I grab for the telephone, dialing the number written on it for roomservice.
“No, Sherlock.”
I look at him worriedly, and it’s not even all pretend. Even if I’m pretty sure I know what brings him here, there’s always that off chance that it’s something related to our past instead.
I don’t look around for Sherlock, nor listen for him as I stumble out of the alley and down the street. It would be pointless and a risk. I have to trust in him to do the right thing at the right moment. I make a show of looking at each house in the side road very carefully before finally walking up to the one we’re aiming at. Someone might be watching, and notice a change in my behavior. I miss the doorbell on my first attempt on purpose, then ring it. A moment later, one of the guards appears.
“Oxana isn’t related to me”, I cut in. “Our mother had an affair right after I was born, so Harry’s really only my half-sister, though we’ve never cared about that.”
Sherlocks passes through confidently, and I shadow after him. Another guard lurks in the hallway, nodding to Sherlock in greeting as the door closes behind us. They lead Sherlock into a lush waiting room that gives me the impression that the services offered here will probably be of the adult kind. As soon as they disappear, Sherlock sneaks out and down the hallway, and I follow. Unfortunately, the guards reappear quite quickly, before he even has a chance to open any of the doors, and they seem very much not amused by his detour. Will I be forced to break my cover and defend him this early into the journey? One of the guards and Sherlock shout at each other angrily in Arabic, and eventually, they grab Sherlock by the arms, obviously not quite believing his declarations.
“Jacques Poirot?”, he enquires, and Sherlock nods.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We believe she had paid human traffickers to get her and the boy to England, and they enslaved them instead.”
„He might be right. If they hear us breaking down the door, the might try to shoot as many children as possible to eliminate witnesses, or try to get rid of evidence somehow. If Mr. Poirot can open the door for us…”
I grin.
I smile and kiss him again.
“Wow. I wish Harry could see this, she’d get a kick out of it. I love it.”
Downstairs, Sherlock pays the guards handsomely, then says in the same French accent as before:
“I think you were”, she finally says. “I probably wouldn’t have let him go that far, but that sort of overreaction on my side is exactly why you’re far better suited to this sort of job than I am. I’m too hot-headed to play bodyguard, much less stay hidden, and Sherlock’s right. The way he treated the whole thing is probably the only way to investigate all this without endangering the victims in some way. He might even have to go further than that.”
Her smile broadened into a grin.
I notice she’s not including Mycroft in that, and I can’t help but agree strongly. Sherlock gives her one of those wicked smiles I love so much.
Harry lets me out of the trunk the same way she helped me in – by dawdling, seemingly because she fears the final destination of this trip. I let her and Mrs. Hudson go. Instead, I sneak around the edges of the cemetery, always following that strange little pull.
“They’ll probably start looking for relatives for those whose mothers are dead. Put them into foster care if they don’t find any, either in the countries they’re in or back in their home countries. Easiest way would probably be to invent a relative and brief Alexey about the cover story before the police talks to him. He’s bright enough to go through with it.”
It is indeed Mycroft Holmes who comes by Harry’s house two days later. Sherlock and I have been sharing my room in the attic there since we arrived, but he’s been very careful about not being seen through a window, wearing the cloak around most of the house. Mycroft is always watching, we’ve learned that for years.
“Where’s he from? What’s he like? John only said he acts like a Watson.”
“Heidrun Huber ist eine der vielversprechendsten Nachwuchskräfte, die wir hier seit vielen Jahren gesehen haben, und ihr Bericht deckt sich mit allen anderen Zeugenaussagen. Ich werde eine solche Verleumdung meiner Leute nicht dulden."
She sounds like me now, at least close enough to fool most people. Everything else can probably be blamed on shock and mourning. Harry pulls on one of my sweaters and my trusty old jacket, and it almost looks like a uniform, even though I know her usual creatively patterned cardigans offer exactly the same protections.
It had to be some significant number. Sherlock’s enthusiastic appetite was now the norm, rather than an anomaly, and their friends had started to comment on Sherlock’s filled-out frame. The trousers Sherlock had altered were starting to pinch and crease again. The weight had settled mostly at Sherlock’s middle, and his belly was getting visibly rounder under increasingly tight shirts.
Sherlock stretches, humming in agreement. “I think sex is enough exercise.”
They fell silent again, but this time, it was a happier silence. “So, um. Were you just – not going to mention it?” John asked hesitantly.
Sherlock glanced down at himself, sounding both amused and faintly offended. “What? My belly?”
Sherlock peered at the photo, then dropped it on the table and stood up. He looked down at himself, clad in pyjama pants, t-shirt, and dressing gown, and put his hands on his hips.
“A full stone, Sherlock. We’re a full stone off.”
“You wouldn’t be home if she wasn’t.”
“Maybe,” Sherlock says gruffly.
Christmas morning was brilliant. They did manage to get up and open a few gifts for each other – and got a big laugh out of the cookbook and kitchen tools John had bought for Sherlock. But mostly, they spent the day in bed, exploring each other as if for the first time. Sherlock was back to his content, happy self, and they ended the day with another feast of holiday leftovers, plus the ham Mrs Hudson had sent as a gift from her holiday in Spain. That night, John curled against Sherlock on the sofa to watch telly, and Sherlock didn’t flinch away when John rested a possessive hand over Sherlock’s middle, now decidedly prominent after another good meal.
Sherlock swallows his mouthful of egg. “Why would we do that?”
John’s grin widened. “I don’t think so. Want to borrow some of mine? They’ll be a bit short.”
Or maybe it was just a fantasy, imagining the day when they might retire and sit around the flat getting fat on Mrs Hudson’s scones. Which was not unlike what they were doing at the moment, actually.
“Perhaps,” Sherlock says, and then shuts his eyes as John runs a finger along the edge of his waistband. “O-or, perhaps next week. I can –
~ ~ ~ ~
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“We used to balance out,” John says ruefully. “We’ve always weighed nearly the same. Tonight I dragged you down.” His eyes search Sherlock’s lean form, mostly hidden in a dressing gown. “You’ve gotten thinner. And I haven’t.”
“I mean. Look at you.”
“Yes. I’m going to find a pair of trainers that fits. And we’re going to feed you up a bit. No arguments.”
"That you did,” John says, grinning back. “At last.”
“You’ve converted some fat to muscle. Muscle weighs more.”
In fact, John mused one morning as Sherlock poured John a mug of tea, then settled next to him to read the paper – it felt eerily close to being married. At least, this felt more like it than John’s actual marriage ever had.
“Right,” John muttered. “That does it.” He paused. “Hang on. She didn’t bring any with your tea either.”
Weeks turned into months, and the amazing sex continued, and even improved. And so did Sherlock’s appetite -- John found that his cooking had never been so appreciated. Gone were the days when Sherlock left cold, untouched plates of food around the flat. Now he actually requested his favourite meals, and more than that, had started to pitch in to help with the cooking and shopping.
And at last, one night, the final line was crossed. Well, make that demolished. After a particularly potent bottle of wine, they found themselves on the sofa, Sherlock’s long legs tangled over John’s for a rewatch of Sherlock’s favorite Bond flick. John put a hand on Sherlock’s knee playfully – and then left it there. Sherlock put a hand over his, just as playfully, and squeezed. When their hands twined together, it wasn’t surprising. And when they both leaned in, after that, it was nearly a relief.
“Encouraging me.”
“Was wondering when that would happen,” John said, smirking fondly at Sherlock from the bed.
“No, not that.” Sherlock’s mouth quirks, and he reaches out to prod John’s middle. “Don’t lose too much.”
“Think of it this way. Now we know what we both like. We can make... plans, for the future.”
“About a stone.”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“Pull,” John urges, although Sherlock doesn’t need urging – he’s already straining to pull John back up with all of his strength.
“You’d never jog. Be realistic.”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“Hey.” John poked Sherlock back. “You weren’t supposed to agree with me.”
Of course, Sherlock was a brilliant cook (“it’s SCIENCE, John!”). They took to planning meals around their favourite crap telly shows, then capping the night off with a bottle of wine. It was as close to heaven as John could imagine, except – well, except that he couldn’t reach out and kiss Sherlock when he felt like it.
John rests a hand on his middle. “Is this your way of saying I’ve gotten fat? Not very subtle.”
“Mmm. No, we don’t,” Sherlock says, winking, and nudges John’s foot with his own.
“Good. I’m glad.”
“I take it you have experience in this area.”
No – this wasn’t how this was supposed to go at all. John couldn’t make the right words come out. His hand felt cold without Sherlock’s warm flesh under it. “Because, um. Well, I meant to say –”
“I feel fine,” Sherlock says, but sits back down on the sofa and takes a big bite of pasta. Soon enough, the second plate is clean. Sherlock sets it down on the coffee table and leans back on the sofa, his usually concave stomach ever so slightly rounded. He puts a hand on it absently.
“Oh, sod off. Your turn.”
Fuzzy with Scotch and the buzz of orgasm, John couldn’t stop himself. He put a hand on the warm underside of Sherlock’s tum. “So,” he murmured, and gently patted it. “Holidays treating you well?”
John gulped. He was suddenly aware he’d gone hard as a rock in under a minute. Damn it. Damn Sherlock for figuring this out and using it to torture him. Sherlock leaned forward and plunged a kiss into his mouth, deep and flat-out dirty. John groaned. They pulled apart, Sherlock’s eyes glinting.
John chuckled. “Okay. It’s fine. Just checking.”
John began to chuckle. “Maybe two.”
It’s a very tasty omelet.
“John.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but his cheeks, already rosy from wine and food, flushed a bit pinker. His crisp white button-down was riding up slightly, exposing a pale, smooth sliver of belly.
Time heals all wounds, or so the saying goes, and John was thankful for it. Mary was gone now, back in hiding after her past had caught up with her in a dangerous way. The baby was with her, which was painful, but not quite as painful now that John knew he wasn’t the father. Sherlock welcomed him back to Baker Street, and it was as if a huge weight had been lifted. After a rough few months, John slowly began to feel more like himself than he had in years.
Of course Sherlock does not sleep, and neither do I. He spends every minute going over every little detail of the case over and over again, and in the end, we’re at the police station almost forty minutes early. We seem not to be the only ones eager to solve this case, either. Niedermayr and one of his men are already in the conference room we are led to by a young uniformed officer, going over case details with large cups of coffee in hand. Niedermayr looks up as we enter and nods.
“You came… recommended. I have a few… friends who need to be able to travel through Europe freely, and someone hinted you might be able to help.”
“Sure. I can probably find something equally ridiculous to replace it”, she giggled.
“Mycroft still thinks that I’m holed up at my sister’s place mourning your loss and betrayal. I’m not even convinced he knows what country you’re currently in. Don’t worry Sherlock, nobody but the two of us knows either of us is here.”
“That… what… did we just
“Sounds about right. Two idiot boys in love, both too spineless to say a word. No wonder the whole world was making fun of you.”
“Let’s suppose I had heard these names before and could offer the kinds of services you seek. What kind of shenanigans would you need them for, and what sort of compensation could you… friends offer for this work and risk?”
“And which alleged former business partner of mine would that be?”
“You knew what you were getting into beforehand. But I am sure glad that it’s not me going on a quest like this this time. Once really was enough.”
“Huh?”
“He thinks it’s an old heirloom. He didn’t even believe me until I came up with a plan how to useit to finally break that case and save all those people. That was what we were working on all night.”
“This is how you managed to spy on me?”
My throat closes up at the sound of that old nickname she gave me when we first moved here together so many years ago. The one that so subtly pulls together both of my name. The one that says, “I know all of your past, and your present, and I will support your future”. I hug her to me again tightly, then I swing the cloak around me with the ease of long experience. She let me play with it every now and then during my time at university – invisibility can be a lot of fun, but it is even better for dangerous times like these.
A server brings in a cart with selections from the breakfast buffet while Sherlock is in the shower, but when Sherlock returns, he hardly spares it a glance. The game is on, and Sherlock Holmes does not eat while he’s on a case. Instead, he lays down on the bed still wearing only a towel and falls into his typical mind-palace stance. This might take a while, so I settle into a corner and try to catch up on sleep.
The man smiles.
“Uh-huh. Right. And just how, pray tell, does that lead to him kissing you, and to you coming here without making him wonder where you are?”
“Alright. I guess it can’t hurt either way.”
Harry, bless her heart, is preparing dinner for both of us when I return. She nods almost imperceptively when I silently climb back into the window, and shuts it behind me. I cross into the hallway through the open door and take off the cloak, putting it back into the hidden storage box. Then I cross back into the kitchen. If anyone is watching, they will see me come from another room – Harry has always been paranoid, and living with her and Sherlock has made me even worse. Harry turns around and smiles at me.
In the summer when we turned sixteen, I finally reconnected with Harry. It didn’t quite happen in any of the ways either of us expected, but then again, which part of our lives actually had? Harry saved my life from something that was out to kill him, some creature from his ridiculous magic world, and the only thing my parents could do was blame him for getting me hurt. In hindsight, that was the final piece to the puzzle, the final drop causing me to break with them. Suddenly, I realized that Harry was a far better choice than my parents when choosing which family to stick with. That summer, we talked. I finally found out the exact amount of danger my cousin was in, and that there wasn’t a single thing I could do to help him, no matter how much I wanted to.
“So we need to get that information and stage an intervention at nine, possibly more places in multiple countries at the same time. Mycroft might help, he’s feeling guilty enough about betraying you to Moriarty.”
The look Sherlock gives me can only be described as one of utter adoration, and it makes my heart speed up badly.
“I don’t know, but the facts I have don’t add up. Either he’s getting into troubles he really needs me for and is doing the nobly stupid thing trying to keep me safe, or there is something I need to finish solving for him after his death. Either way, I need to investigate.”
“Was wollen Sie?”, he grunts.
[Unfortunately, Mr. Poirot does not speak German, so we’ll mostly have to stick to English in this briefing. Is there anyone who won’t be able to follow that?]
“You look like an aging biker whose wife made him shave and get a haircut”, Sherlock says dryly. “I’m not kissing you while you wear that.”
Harry and Alexey are in the living room, the curtains already closed to block outsiders from watching. Harry has been expecting us. Alexey squeals when he sees me, running over to hug me hard.
Right, I remember. She spent most of the year she was seventeen on a somewhat similar odyssey, with two of her friends at the time, though that one mostly covered Britain.
One week is how long it will be until he needs to be in Amsterdam for that appointment he made, and I’m really hoping he’ll take that time to recuperate. He could need some rest, and I’d like to see how the whole Alexey thing turns out before we head into battle again.
He stares at me incredulously, and suddenly we’re both giggling madly. When we finally sober up, a look of resignation crosses his face.
“How do you mean?”
“I know, and I understand. I do love you, Sherlock Holmes. I would have stepped in even had I known I would die. You’re that important to me, and the work needs you.”
“I don’t want fake IDs. I need something that passes a police database check, something that easily makes it through airport security. My former business partner had to leave England rather quickly, and he claims you played a rather large part in helping him get out of Europe with all the appropriate secrecy. Unfortunately, the main venue he suggested I go through was shut down last year, but I would ask you for the same services you provided for them.”
“You do smell like half a distillery burned down. Well done, out there. One point for you in the ‘flabbergasting guards’ game, but I’m still in the lead so far.”
We’re all Watsons now, in every way that counts, and I’ll protect this family to my last breath. I know they all feel the same.
“I… I’m not used to these things yet”, he stutters. “I thought I heard someone.”
Her confidence in me helps immensely. I do know Sherlock, and I also know that he wouldn’t thank me for intervening too early. I have to believe we’ll all make it through this without major damage, or I’ll be a risk on this mission. We will save whoever the victims of this network are, and bring the people responsible to justice. I have to believe in that.
“I don’t sound like you. Is this better? Hello, my name is John Watson. No. Hello, Mrs. Hudson, so good to see you.”
“Do you think I did the right thing not to interfere in all that?”, I ask quietly when I finish, and she pauses to think about her answer for a long while.
There is a waiting room again, but unlike the one in Lyon, this one is not empty. There are children inside, and from the look of them, I have to revise my original theory of them merely being blackmail material for their mothers. They are just as much part of the merchandise.
Somehow, Harry still seems to know I’m not telling her everything.
“You, John Watson, are one marvelously devious human being.”
“Something to drink would be nice”, he says, quietly enough that even were someone near, they might not hear him. I nod and rise.
“John?!”
She smiles.
Sherlock grins proudly.
At that, he finally smiles.
The female officer next to Niedermayr, who was not part of the raid but seems to be a high-ranking officer at this police station, puts a hand on Niedermayr’s arm. I suddenly regret that I never bothered to learn German police ranks and therefore cannot begin to guess how she ranks in comparison to him. She’s been quiet up till now, following the two men’s escalating fight.
“What’s this about, JD? Sherlock have a kid nobody knows about? He ask you to adopt when you both get home?”
“Let’s do this”, we mutter at almost the same time, and with her body changed into mine it sounds like a weird echo. Wound up as we are, it makes us giggle almost hysterically, as Sherlock and I so often did at crime scenes from that very first case. The thought makes me sober up immediately. Too much is at risk. I pull the cloak over me and the ridiculously loaded emergency backpack. I still haven’t dared to ask what kind of spell work is layered on to make everything fits inside, but with the contents of this unassuming pack, I could probably survive three apocalypses and a nuclear war. Even some choice items I snuck out of Sherlock’s personal belongings made it in there – they might prove useful.
Harry shrugs, and I suddenly want to throw unbaked bagels at both their heads.
“Come on in. You can talk to me while I work.”
“We’re going out for drinks downtown tonight, wanna come?”, the brunette girl asks, gesturing at the three of them. Sherlock shakes his head.
We’re down the street from Harry’s house when one of Mycroft’s cars passes by us. Even I can deduce what that means, and it makes me suddenly hurry up. I can feel Sherlock’s hand grabbing mine while I unlock the door, so he’s probably deduced the same – and we’re both right, too.
“Just a strange coincidence that threw me. I will explain shortly.”
She frowns at me.
“That has got to be a cover name. Nice choice, too.”
My fear rises when we get to the cemetery and the scarf is already there. Are they burying it with him? That would throw back our plans by a whole lot, might even mean stalking Mycroft Holmes endlessly for hints to Sherlock’s location or first destination. I’m sure they are working together in some way or another, however much Sherlock usually resents to do so. But no, the scarf is still on Mycroft’s person, and he does not hand it to me when I stop to talk to him. All throughout the ceremony, I fret about the future of that precious piece of fabric, and about that of the man who used to wear it and hopefully will again soon. I know that back home, Harry is already preparing. Supposedly cleaning out my old room, she is actually brewing up large amounts of the shape-changing polyjuice potion and stocking my emergency pack with everything I or Sherlock might need. More will be added from my own personal things after we move my things from Baker Street tomorrow.
Niedermayr scowls.
“Weird. Completely, utterly weird, even weirder than the bus ride there, and very exhausting. And I think we might end up travelling through most of Central Europe before we solve even this one case.”
“If he didn’t, it’s his own fault. He never quite realized how wrong he was about you, either. Nor that the scarf I gave him for Christmas has some usual properties. Though he did notice the unusual fiber blend, I’ll give him that much.”
I squeeze his hand in mine.
Another way in which Sherlock is family by now. He has been playing with Remus-under-the-couch for hours this morning, and the young tom loved it. To be honest, I think both of them did.
“Meh, you haven’t done so all morning, anyways. Might as well keep it on, it’s comfortable. Think you can correct the haircut to match?”
I follow him all the way into his hotel room, watching him adopt a less haunted expression some time along the third bus ride. As soon as the door closes behind us, he falls onto the bed and punches his fist into the mattress.
Mycroft looks at her gravely.
Our papers say that Harry is my sister, sixteen months younger than me. Both of those are lies. We are barely three months apart, though she is younger, and she was born as my cousin. I first met her after her parents died, when I was one and a half years old, and we were at war with each other for most of our childhood. But let me start where it all begins.
The scarf keeps moving throughout the night, and I hardly sleep because I check on it so often. I keep wanting to follow it, but I need to ensure things will go as planned back here. I need to make sure Harry, Mrs. Hudson and all our friends are safe when both Sherlock and I are gone, and that my absence will stay a secret as much as the truth about his “suicide”. I will not endanger his mission, even when I go out to save him, and I will not endanger the ones we love.
“No, Sherlock, I want to tie you to this bed right this instant and give you a blowjob, triggering every last bit of trauma you might have gotten from what happened to you in Lyon.”
He tries to turn away and go into the bathroom, but I grab his shoulder and turn him back.
“Together with a few colleagues, yes. We stumbled across their branch in Lyon, then fanned out to see just how widely spread this network operated. I am the one who investigated the branch here.”
“Opening shift today?”, I ask, and she nods.
We both are out of breath when we finally reach the hotel, but Sherlock doesn’t stop for a second until he’s reached his room. He rips the auburn wig and beard off his face forcefully, not even noticing the door swinging back open after it he almost smashed it in my face. His clothes are next, and he doesn’t even close the bathroom door before he steps into the shower. Almost as soon as the water starts running, Sherlock breaks down. I have never even seen him cry before, but now he is sobbing, sinking to his knees.
“I was there when you gave that show in Lausanne, too. And I was there tonight. What did that boy tell you, Sherlock? Was it really worth what you did?”
“Germany, France, Switzerland… Austria… Mhhh… interesting…”
“That was amazing. I would very much like to do this again before I go back to France.”
“Eat your muffin, Sherlock, or you will find out just how devious I can get. We have work to do, and you won’t be of any use when you’re starving. That does slow even your thought processes, you know.”
it?!”
Sherlock stares at me incredulously, apparently surprised enough to take at least a first small step out of his shock and lethargy.
Sherlock stares at her incredulously, and I reach out to pull him up.
[Heidrun Huber is one of the most promising junior officers we’ve had here in years, and her report matches every other witness statement. I will not allow that sort of defamation of my people.]
[Sherlock says Harry is your sister the same way she’s my aunt, so you’re my uncle now. and he’s, too, because he’s your husband. Is that true?]
“It is the name your force and many others know me by. Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Weißmüller. You’re the forensic IT specialist on this case?”
She pauses, and I nod.
As the tram frequency has been decreased for the night, I catch up with him regardless. We manage the way to the hostel without any more incidents, though it takes a while. Back in his room, I watch Sherlock sit down at the small table with a laptop he grabs from someone else’s luggage. He breaks the password on third try, and it amuses me to see him treat other people’s property just like he’s always treated mine. This is Sherlock as I know him, and he’s buying a ticket for a long-distance bus from Amsterdam to Lyon, leaving tomorrow a bit after noon. I guess we’re going to France next, probably to investigate whatever is going on with those single mothers he mentioned at the IT-specialist’s place. He’s using the identity of one Jegor Sokolov, probably to hide any connection to his activities here. The game is on.
I wanted to end this with that scene under the shower, before Sherlock even says a word, but that felt like too evil a cliffhanger to leave for even a day. I needed some cheering up, some actually John-and-Sherlock interaction after something so harsh, and I figured you might, too. More of that tomorrow.
“I thought you knew me better. I need to make sure both of you are safe if we go through with this alibi. Can you please, please go there with her for me? I’ll tell you everything afterwards, but please, just trust me this once. Play a show, prove that you can be me for a while.”
“No. Just… no. I want something completely, utterly normal. Like… John. Yeah, John’s goof. And an utterly common family name for both of us, so we stick out even less. Maybe… yeah, maybe even the same family name for both of us, I think I’d like that.”
“Survival gear and a week’s worth of food and drinks for two, just in case”, I add. “Weapons and ammunition, obviously.”
I shake my head.
He frowns.
I broke off all contact with my parents the day I finished school. One of my teammates offered his family’s guest room for the summer, and I took it gratefully. I desperately needed time to figure out what to do with the rest of my life, and how to afford the necessary education. Even though my grades had vastly improved, they were not enough for a scholarship, especially since my parents would have been able to support me. The people in charge of those scholarships did not much care I refused all contact.
“Thanks, D. That means a lot to me.”
“I – don’t – know!” Sherlock screams. “I was as surprised as your people were when that guard keeled over! I thought they had shot him from behind! You checked my hands for gunshot residue! Both of your team members and the boy can testify my hands were empty and ungloved at the time!”
“I’ve been working double shifts since Wednesday, alone, but today at least Adam’s back to take over afternoon shift. Everyone’s decided to get the flu at the same time, apparently. Counter’s similarly understaffed. So, yeah, I’ve had great distraction from worrying about you. You could help out for a few hours if you want to talk, I’d appreciate the help.”
I laugh at that.
“Then it seems like you’re not the only Holmes who can miss things sometimes. It led my right to Albert Cuyp market, and helped me catch up with you again after you got away from me leaving that whorehouse in Lyon. I had trouble getting out without those pesky guards noticing.”
I reach for my backpack, digging. When Sherlock sees what I finally pull from it, he stares at me incredulously.
“Who?”
He looks me up and down.
Two policemen in full gear appear behind the guard as I fall to my knees, and I really hope the cloak is falling right to cover me completely as I try to roll out of the way in my fall.
“Any chance you can change my ridiculous name, too? I doubt someone will try to track you by the cousin you hated, but… I don’t really want that connection, anymore.”
I nod.
feigned death we encountered recently – there would have been red flags if a recently deceased man boarded a flight to South America, so there must have been some kind of fake documents. And Moriarty’s strangely thorough cover identity that had convinced the world. They had to have come from somewhere, and Sherlock’s investigations had finally found the provider these conspiracies needed.
I feel close to tears myself, though not for the same reason. How can I not tell this wonderful woman, who loves Sherlock Holmes like the son she never had, that I suspect he’s still alive? Lying to her feels like one of the worst and hardest things I’ve ever done, but I have no choice. And the driver is still listening.
“Did Mycroft send you? Is my cover blown?”
Harry nods.
There is something I am not seeing about this, and I will find out. That is the only thing that keeps me going right now. I will save Sherlock Holmes, even if it appears to already be too late. Even if I have to save him from himself. They have not left me alone for a second since the fall, but I finally found a way. One of Mycroft’s cars is driving me to Harry’s place, and I overheard that Mycroft is due to identify Sherlock’s corpse in an hour. I will figure out the truth, even if it kills me.
No, it was that phone call that was the lie. Another trick to thwart some sort of final game his arch enemy James Moriarty set to roll at the time of his own death. That’s the only thing to make sense – if Moriarty’s claims had been true, as his true name been Richard Brook, there would not have been a reason for Brook to kill himself, and I saw his corpse. All the evidence points against murder, even one committed by Sherlock Holmes at the height of his game.
He smiles and hugs me tightly, kissing me again.
“Your sister? I’m not leaving Alexey with an alcoholic, John! I’d rather ask Mycroft. And Britain’s too risky right now. Too far to travel, too. I need to stay here, I want in on that raid.”
“I saved his life from a killer the splinter group sent after him when we were sixteen. He was an idiot before that.”
“Alright. But I expect answers, John. Real answers. I need to be sure nothing will endanger this mission. I need to make sure you won’t. Moriarty’s web needs to fall.”
The waitress is young and pretty, and the perfect opportunity to see how much I can mess with Sherlock. I act clueless at what she is saying, adapting an atrociously fake American accent. I’m not as good at accents as Sherlock, so I might as well use that to make Sherlock's ears hurt on purpose. She starts flirting, and I introduce myself as Hamish, just because Sherlock knows I hate my middle name.
I nod silently.
Is the formatting of translations okay like this, or should I change something to make it more readable?
Harry grins widely.
“You brushed past me in Amsterdam! And I did hear someone following me, over and over again, footsteps that sounded familiar but couldn’t be. There was never anyone there when I checked. And those suspicious noises in my room in Lyon… you were there, weren’t you? What were you doing that time?”
“Use the cloak. Leave the report on his desk, hide it in a book or something, and watch him freak out at the security breach.”
Sherlock met John’s eyes in the mirror with a smug grin. He turned and let John envelop him in a hungry kiss, which grew hungrier until Sherlock undid his jacket again to grant John access. John put a hand on Sherlock’s tortured trousers. “I’m afraid if I undo these, we won’t get you back into them.”
“Thirteen ten,” Sherlock said, smoothing a hand over his stomach, then drumming his fingers on it.
Sherlock snorted a laugh. “True, but – “ His brow furrowed. “What do you mean, ‘we?’”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Sherlock bit his lip.
One memorable month, during which cases were few and far between, Sherlock kept them busy sampling meals and desserts at every restaurant in London that owed him a favour. After three straight weeks of sumptuous food, John wrapped an arm around Sherlock in the kitchen one morning and stopped in his tracks.
“We’ll see about that. I’m making carbonara later.”
“This is… good,” Sherlock admits.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“I dunno. You seem a little… sensitive. Just trying to help.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock says.
John merely chuckles, then undoes the rest.
“I can’t wait,” John breathed, and Sherlock grinned into their kiss.
Of course, this isn’t the first time they’ve been in this sort of predicament. Sherlock has pulled John back from the brink of death several times, and vice versa. But this time is more difficult. Sherlock can’t seem to get enough leverage; he seems too light to properly counterbalance. They hear footsteps at the far end of the roof, and Sherlock at last gives a massive heave. John’s foot hits some sort of supporting beam and he pushes off, and Sherlock drags him out of the hole at last, both of them gasping for breath. They scramble to their feet and manage to make it to the fire escape just as shots echo behind them.
~ ~ ~
“You bastard.” John leaned in, nuzzling a kiss into his neck. “You’re doing this on purpose.” His hands roamed over Sherlock’s body: thicker, definitely. And his stomach was approaching an adorable, undeniable pot belly – just a very small one.
“Seriously,” John said. “You’ve got quite a belly now.”
“I’m not podgy –” Sherlock begins, and then moans in bliss as John kneads a hand gently into the sensitive, tight flesh.
“Oh, Happy Christmas,” John breathed.
After another few weeks, the scale comes out again.
The week after that, Harry got pneumonia. John stayed for five days, listening to her cough and fetching antibiotics, making sure the vodka was out of the house until she could recover. When he got home, Sherlock was sitting on the couch with his laptop.
“You can stop sucking it in, you know,” John says, as Sherlock paces the living room.
John held up the first one, a shot of the two of them in 221B. Sherlock was standing, hands on hips, likely mid-deduction. In the photo, John was staring at Sherlock with a fond, wondering expression.
Sherlock rolled onto his back, and John settled against Sherlock’s side. Feeling bolder, he rested a hand on Sherlock’s stomach again, then gave it another pat. “Impressive.”
“What’s it say, then?” John said, as Sherlock pretended to have urgent business checking his phone.
Sherlock’s weight had continued to inch upward, very slowly, but very steadily. Most of it had gone to his tum, which was now hefty enough to edge into his lap while he was sitting. John loved how Sherlock had gotten into the habit of putting a hand on it while he was thinking, or working on a case. He loved how it poked up when Sherlock lay on the couch. And he especially loved the shape of it when Sherlock was full, like right now: completely round. He still thought of Sherlock as slim, for some reason, but he supposed that someone who’d just met Sherlock might even think he was – podgy. Just a little bit.
Sherlock laughed, and John straightened a bit, flushed and breathing hard. “Pretty soon there’ll be no hiding this,” John said, patting Sherlock’s belly. “And I hope you know, I’ll still have sex with you if you decide to stop this little experiment. That’s pretty much a given.”
“I could retire,” Sherlock said, and smirked.
Sherlock slides to one side with a show of irritation and goes back to typing on his laptop. John settles next to him and turns on the telly, then glances over. With a soft chuckle, he reaches out and pokes the flesh at Sherlock’s side where his pajama shirt has ridden up.
“You implied things.”
Still, the revelation caused John to take stock. The next morning he stood in front of the mirror, examining the not-so-little bit of pudge on his own frame that was causing difficulty in buttoning his jeans. He’d certainly put on a few pounds of happy relationship weight – his belly was noticeable even under his heavy jumper. He vowed to take better notice of his eating habits, and dug an old pair of trainers out of the closet. When he put them on and went for his first run in months, Sherlock didn’t comment – just chuckled and poked John’s belly in passing. “Don’t be too long,” he said, settling into his chair with his laptop.
Sherlock glowered down at himself, then pulled at the offending clasp again. “I’m
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“I may have… overdone it,” Sherlock said. “I thought I’d test out my metabolism. As an experiment.”
~ ~ ~
“Since Christmas.” Sherlock gives him an annoyed look. “I thought the fit of your trousers made it fairly obvious.”
“You’ve stopped parading around the flat half-naked.”
“I’ve no idea what you mean.”
“Now we’re going to take these to the tailor,” John said, tugging at the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers.
“Are you conducting some sort of experiment, then? How much pudding one human can consume in a sitting?” John looks at his own plate, then back at Sherlock’s. “Didn’t you have any supper?”
“Of course, if you want to lose some weight, I’ll try not to get in your way,” John amends innocently.
“Shut up.”
The scale flashes a surprising number.  "Caught up with you,“ Sherlock says, grinning.
“You know I do.” John prods Sherlock’s belly. “And I like you lounging around the house. Getting a bit lazy, too, I think.”
“What’s this, then?” John grins.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Sherlock grunted, waving a hand at the plate. “There are plenty.”
“Breathing’s boring.” Sherlock pulled his jacket from his wardrobe and shrugged it on. He buttoned it closed, but the button pulled on both sides. He turned away from John to look in the mirror. No two ways about it: the suit was definitely too small.
“I think you must have,” John said, and reached in to unfasten the clasp of Sherlock’s trousers. Sherlock sighed in relief, his belly relaxing as the trousers fell open. His distinctly rounder belly.
“Drop your weapon,” a familiar voice shouts.
“You realise, if things keep going this way, I might get – a bit bigger,” Sherlock said, during an advertisement.
John sighed, but his attention was diverted by Sherlock’s clothing. Up close, it was apparent that Sherlock’s buttons were definitely struggling. John hooked a finger over the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, which felt uncomfortably taut. “What have you been up to, hmm?”
“Don’t worry, John. Your frame is built for it.”
Sherlock pulled at the bottom hem of his shirt to straighten it, his stomach still obvious underneath the tailored fabric. He tucked his shirt in and pulled the sides of his trousers together, but they wouldn’t meet.
John was sore everywhere. He’d had more sex in the past month than most people had in a year. Sherlock had been insatiable, both for food and for…. other things. It’s not like John hadn’t been mad for Sherlock before, but somehow his newly thickening waistline hit John in a particularly sensitive spot. It was as if Sherlock was finally letting himself be vulnerable, no longer some sort of unattainable, perfect machine.
John watched Sherlock rifle through the wardrobe and raised an eyebrow. From the side, Sherlock’s belly pushed out the front of his shirt by the barest amount.
John pulled back, not able to hide his disappointment. “Going to lose a bit, then?”
Two weeks and quite a bit of carbonara later, Sherlock steps off the scale, and John gives a low whistle. “Four more pounds this week. You’re over a stone more than me now, love."
One morning, as Sherlock stood up to clear his breakfast mug, John noticed. A shift in the soft silhouette of Sherlock’s pyjama shirt, the faintest of outward curves where there was once a concavity. But it could have been an illusion – the shirt was very loose. John didn’t think anything of it, and finished his cuppa.
“Maybe I’ve changed my mind.”
The sex, as John had said, was amazing. There was no other word for it. Years of pining and longing had exploded into the most passionate, intense lovemaking of John’s life. If he’d ever had any doubts about crossing the line of friendship with Sherlock, they were blown away the first time they fell into bed together. They managed to keep up with Sherlock’s cases, but just barely -- it was hard not to be distracted by thoughts of what they might do when they got back to Baker Street.
John raises his eyebrows. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Unable to help himself, he stepped behind Sherlock, running his hands up and down his sides. Sherlock groaned happily into his touch, and John noted that Sherlock’s waistband was definitely a little tight.
Sherlock sighs. “I used to hate eating. I suppose I should remember how to hate it again.”
I put down my book. After all this time, I’m used to the strange changes in topic and apparent non-sequiturs his whirlwind mind produces, even when it picks up threads of conversation we had on a different day.
My name is John Watson. It’s not the name I was born with, but it’s the one that feels right. The one I carried for 26 of my 43 years, and the one that belongs to the person I want to be. For eight years, it has been Dr. John Watson, and the army awarded me the rank of Captain a while after that. But this will not be the story of either title, nor of how I came to the name that now feels like mine. This is the story of how, two years ago, I suddenly came to fear that all the secrets I’ve kept for so many years would come to light and ruin not only my life, but also my sister’s. This is the story of how I met Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock nods shyly and turns to his luggage, opening it with a key tied to his wrist. I smile at the scene. Sherlock hasn’t even considered a date with anyone in all of his life, as far as I know, and I’m reminded of all the dates he’s ruined for me over the last two years. The few women he didn’t scare away on the first evening quickly realized that I love him more than I could ever love them. It’s been obvious to anyone but him for a long time.
Sherlock actually laughs.
He grins.
“That was the only good moment of that episode, yes. I’ve had a great run of flabbergasting guards on this case.”
“So rather later at night, not middle of the day, that answers that question. Think you can improvise sounding drunk in German? It does have to be better that your American accent yesterday.”
“It’s the weekend. Maybe some drunk idiot who was told they sell drugs? Start to argue and get aggressive when they insist they have none? They can hardly call the police to take me away.”
“I have told you before that I am incredibly sorry about what my misjudgment made my brother go through”, he says stiffly. “I miss him just as much as you do, never doubt that. If I could take back my actions of so many years ago and prevent the death of my brother and everything that led up to it, I would.”
Over time, I realized I had been on my best way to become a perfect copy of my father, and suddenly it scared me. I did not want to become an overweight idiot in the suburbs with a bitchy wife. I did not want to find my happiness in the pain of others. I did not want to choose my friends because they hated the same people and chose the same victims, anymore. From that realization on, I started changing. Suddenly, I spent much more time on schoolwork, and with some help from my teammates actually started to succeed in more than sports instead of just barely passing. Wanting not even to look like the carbon-copy of my father I had been before, I dropped down three weight-classes within a year, and finding out that one of my teammates was very much into the new me only sealed the deal. Dating him fell out of my parents’ perfect world just as much as Harry and his parents had, and I couldn’t quite bring myself to care.
She nods and smiles.
Sherlock hastily dons the cloak again, and we catch up with Mycroft and Harry on their way to the living room. Harry gestures at the sitting area.
[please. Just a bit of weed. My wife left, just disappeared.]
“Pleasure to finally meet you. I have to say, you’re not exactly what I expected.”
I manage to avoid all but the tiniest trace of accent, and the dialect I picked up while stationed in Northern Germany will probably cover that here in the south. Sherlock stares at me in amazement.
We are led up the stairs, into a long stretch of hallway, and the guard opens one of the doors. Inside the room is a woman, small and dark, and most importantly almost naked. I really don’t want Sherlock near any naked woman ever again – he really doesn’t have the best of luck with those. A naked Irene Adler led to a lot a trouble for both of us, and what happened in Lyon was not the slightest bit better. But I have no choice. I have to let him do this.
It was was my decision to join the army that cause our first big fight. I wanted to become a doctor, wanted to save people the way she had saved me in so many ways. The army would pay for my education, and it would also – though I obviously left out that part when reasoning with Harry – teach more ways to save people, and offer opportunity to use them. Unlike most recruits, I knew exactly what I was getting into. I knew Harry’s nightmares and panic attacks. I knew how often she cried because of every single person she could not save. I knew every single one of her scars, , both physical and mental, yet I still wanted to fight. I needed to finally be the one who fought and saved others, instead of always being saved myself. I needed to pay back my dues.
“Well, I took him out that night to practice using it, and…”
The accent he used all day is still there.
I desperately wanted to help, but there was not a single thing I could do to ease the catalogue of problems haunting her, neither with the war nor with the personal issues. The only thing I could do was listen and be there for her whenever we could have time together without my parents noticing. We spent a lot of time together that summer, but it was the last time I saw her for more than two years.
I spill most of the vodka over the atrocious cardigan, then light half a dozen cigarettes at once. I have never smoked in my life, and I don’t intend to start now. Instead, I move them around next to my clothes until they are burned up, then repeat the process twice more until the pack is empty. I hope it will be enough. As a last touch, I open the beer, spilling some of it down my front and drinking a large gulp, both for my nerves and to make my breath smell of it. The rest of the can, I will keep in hand for additional effect, to show even from afar that this man has definitely been drinking.
“See that shop over there?”, I ask and point. There is nobody near who might hear us talking, but Sherlock only gives a hum of agreement anyway. “I’ll go and buy dinner for both of us. If you manage to grab something small from the counter inconspicuously, maybe some napkins or some such, and eat what I buy for you – without taking the cloak off or breaking cover, of course, that will be part of the challenge -, I will grant you one wish or favor to be collected any time during the next week. Within reason, of course.”
“Eat. You need it.”
As soon as the door closes behind us, Sherlock starts talking quietly, but rapidly, in Russian. The boy stares at him, then answers haltingly. Sherlock’s next words sound almost like a challenge, followed by a question, and a look of determination crosses over the boy’s face. He nods, and Sherlock grabs for his wrists, pulling him towards the bed.
As soon as I have closed the door, Sherlock pounces on me, snogging me against the wall forcefully. I comes unexpected, but not in any way undesired, and I press my body along the length of it, leaning into the kiss.
“A date! So that’s why the beard is gone! Congratulations, I hope it works out for you!”
Yes, I think I lied at the beginning of this story. For you to understand what is happening now, two years after that, and especially what will happen in the near future, you need to know who Harry and I were before. I need to tell you my birth name.
“Bitte, Kumpel… Mein Sohn sagt ihr habt die besten Drogen der Stadt… Ich brauch was…”
“I would very much like to go in ahead of the rest of you”, he finally ends, and Niedermayr frowns.
“Now we only have to finish that report”, I cut in. “And the accompanying blackmail letter to Mycroft.”
“That does sound like a useful man to have on hand. I have two rooms to point you at, specifically, then. An office and a storage room in the basement. I will draw something of a map once the rest of the team is here.”
I strap my backpack in tightly, then clasp Harry in one last hug.
“John’s parents raised me for a while. Our mothers were sisters. But… my parents were part of a pretty reclusive sect, and they made sure I’d be drawn into that. Paid for a sect-run school at my birth and everything.”
I keep watching Sherlock in the metro and on the walk back from the station to our hotel, but it’s almost impossible to guess how Mr. “sociopath” feels about this whole thing. Simultaneously, I’m wondering just as much what kind of information he learned from this stunt, and how it fits in with what he learned in Amsterdam. Was all this worth it, for the sake of Sherlock’s sanity? Or was this whole escapade just as fruitless as Lyon?
She pours me a cuppa, then sits down at the small kitchen table.
“Ta, mom”, Harry grins. “You’re the best.”
“Honestly, Sherlock. If Richard Brook
“Call me Hettie”, she interrupts him resolutely, then grabs for a tray of rolls Harry has prepared. “I have to go open up, but you kids come up front and grab a tea when the breakfast rush’s over, will you?”
“I won’t join you in the field, but I’m willing to play home base. Provide you with an alibi for a couple of months if you give me a week or so of set-up time. Supply you with various magical equipment to make your bodyguard job easier, and with ways to check in with me in person at least weekly. I’ll even loan you my cloak until this job is done.”
“I wouldn’t rely on that. I’ll probably fall back into old patterns soon.”
By the time I found out I needn’t have worried, I found myself in the middle of a serial murder investigation, running through London without the walking stick Sherlock had known from the start I didn’t need. It was addicting, and everything I needed. A little white lie when I figured out he’d actually deduced everything he knew about me and Harry helped keep him in the dark, and he mistook my relieved burst of laughter when I figured out he didn’t actually know a thing for shocked surprise. He hadn’t called her my brother because he knew she was transsexual – he’d done so because of her name and the fact she’d been married to a woman.
With a forceful tug, Sherlock managed to close the clasp of his trousers. His belly, in his tailored shirt, bulged slightly over the top, and the trousers puckered at the clasp.
John grins at him. “Closing the gap,” he says proudly. “That’s excellent, Sherlock.” He takes a moment to study him: Sherlock’s cheeks are still pink with a healthy flush. His eyes look brighter, too. “You’re looking really good,” he says shyly.
Sherlock swept over to them, coat whirling. “Rigor mortis is setting in. As we suspected, this body isn’t connected to the other two killings – what?”
“That’s… a lot of pudding, Sherlock.”
“Would’ve thought you’d be crawling the walls,” John says, smiling to himself.
“It’s a good look on him,” Lestrade said wonderingly. “Thought I’d never see the day.”
Sherlock grins.
John blinked. “You’ve already tried?”
“I’ve spent years of my life trying to get you to eat. You’re just getting this now?”
“Sherlock’s looking… good these days,” Lestrade said slowly, pushing his new bifocals up his nose. “Can’t put my finger on it.”
“How about some pudding?”
“Oh, thanks.”
Sherlock gave an annoyed huff, but John could tell it wasn’t genuine. “It’s not much,” he protested.
“Not saying anything.”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“We’ll get you in fighting shape.”
A half-smile flickers at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, but he doesn’t say anything.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
As if on cue, Sherlock’s own stomach growls noisily.
John nuzzles Sherlock’s ear. “Don’t bother putting them back on again, either. They’re a bit small.”
Maybe the carbonara’s particularly good, or maybe he finally realises that John’s not going to give up, but Sherlock finally gives in. He eats a plateful of pasta that night, and twenty minutes later, wanders into the kitchen and takes a heaping second serving. John’s eyes go wide.
“I missed you too,” John said, but his eyes traveled over Sherlock’s long, familiar form. Something was slightly different. The buttons on Sherlock’s pearly grey shirt were strained more than usual. And his trousers looked tight, even for Sherlock. John crossed the room and sat next to him, leaning in for a perfunctory kiss. “Harry’s fine, if you were wondering.”
“Mmm. All right,” Sherlock says sleepily, as John tries to calm his racing pulse.
“John.” Lestrade’s jaw fell slightly open. “Has he – put on weight?”
“Very,” John answered honestly. “I’d like to show you how happy, if you don’t mind.”
“Oh, God,” Sherlock said, pushing back from the table. “That was delicious. I think I might explode.”
“You’ve lost a pound,” Sherlock says.
“Mmm.” Sherlock groans with pleasure as John’s hands tug down the too-small pyjamas. “Angelo’s after?”
Sherlock fished the tea bags from their mugs. “Pot calling kettle, hmm?”
John laughed, slid his hand over, and patted it. “And we’re going to feed this belly of yours on the way home.”
“Hmm.” John gave Sherlock’s belly a faint squeeze. “Maybe.”
Sherlock was definitely feeling all right. And he was also feeling... hungry. John was entirely amused to find out that only a week into their fledgling relationship, Sherlock had eaten nearly double the amount of their usual groceries. And when he wasn’t eating, he was complaining about the lack of food in their flat.
Sherlock was still wearing his old trousers, a few of them let out an inch or two, and there wasn’t much to see when he was wearing a shirt and jacket. But one morning John walked into the bedroom to find a freshly-showered Sherlock standing in front of the mirror, stepping out of a pair of trousers and tossing them onto the bed. Two more pairs lay discarded next to them.
John chuckles. “Did you delete your sense of taste, before?”
John chuckled. “Yeah, thinking about losing weight doesn’t actually work. I’ve tried it.”
“A bit, yeah.”
Sex, as it turns out, is a wonderful appetite stimulant.
“Hmm,” John said, looking down as they broke apart. “This may be starting to get in the way.”
“Hmm,” John says. “I’d say you’re… well-fed?”
“I hope, um. That is, I was hoping you’d just – you know, try not to lose weight, just – relax,” John added.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“God, yes.”
“Wake me up next time,” John says. “I’ll make you that egg thing you like.”
“No cases?”
“Thank God.” Sherlock sat up a bit, setting down his laptop and putting a hand on his middle. “I should send these to the tailor.”
“No-pe,” Sherlock replies, popping the “P.”
“When have you ever known me to care about what other people think?”
“Now that’s your own fault,” John says, realising his own trousers have become uncomfortably tight. For several reasons.
The initial thrill of Sherlock’s indulgence did eventually wane, and Sherlock’s metabolism remained lightning-fast, despite Sherlock’s denial of this fact. Between the ebb and flow of cases, and their still-very-active sex life, his weight stabilised, and sometimes plummeted. But John saw to it that Sherlock almost always kept a bit of extra padding, and occasionally more than that.
Sherlock studied him again, his expression softening. “If it helps, you’ve never been fat, either.”
“Oh,” John said, daring a smile. “Okay.”
“Have you left that couch today?” John says, hanging up his coat on the back of the door.
“Sex makes me hungry,” Sherlock muttered.
Lately, it seems Sherlock’s newfound appreciation for food has had a few pleasant side effects. One of which is the increasingly prominent belly poking up under Sherlock’s dressing gown. And another of which is that Sherlock no longer seems to mind a day of lounging around the flat. The two things seem to go hand in hand.
“Not really.” John kissed him again. “Not yet, anyway.”
“I don’t really want to be in them at the moment,” Sherlock growled, running a hand over John’s straining erection.
They both laughed, Sherlock’s middle jiggling pleasantly under John’s hand. “Well, and your belly,” John added, an obvious tease in his voice. “Never thought I’d see the day.”
“From Lestrade. He found them in his desk. Mementos, apparently.”
Sherlock straightened, wearing only his button-down, his brow furrowed.
John’s eyes widened, and he gave a disbelieving laugh. “What did you do, eat every minute I was gone? Christ, look at you.” He patted Sherlock’s stomach. “Looks like the tailor’s got a bit of work to do.”
“Bit more of it, isn’t there?”
“Mmmm... maybe a bit bigger, yeah.”
“And which statement would that be?” John says, setting his coffee mug in the sink and tilting his head up to give Sherlock a kiss.
“Shut
Sherlock’s newly rounded stomach, pressed between them, gave a loud rumble.
“You’d... like that, would you?” John managed. “I should feed you sometime?”
Sherlock stretches lazily. “Lestrade is useless.”
Sherlock ignores him.
Lestrade laughed. “Well put. Now that we know you eat, Sherlock, can I buy you boys supper?”
John sighed and patted his stomach, decidedly rounder than it once had been. “Well, this is obvious,” he said. “But look at you. In that photo you look about a day away from malnutrition. You can nearly span your own waist with both your hands. You don’t look like that anymore, thank God.”
“It is if I’m slowing us down.”
Sherlock’s chuckle deepened. “Who said anything about moving?” he said, a wicked edge to his voice. He rolled back toward John, closing a lube-slick hand around both of them.
John shifts in his chair, his hand going to his waistband instinctively. It’s pinching, as usual. But he’d somehow put it out of his mind.
John didn’t need to worry about deciding to tell their friends, either. Contentment and happiness must have been radiating from him, because Molly, Lestrade, and Mrs Hudson all guessed separately that it had finally happened. Sherlock himself looked so thoroughly well-shagged that his demeanor was markedly different. He actually held the door open for Sally at the Yard one day, prompting Anderson to ask if Sherlock was feeling all right.
* * *
John nudged him. “Already?”
“You’ve only put on half a stone.”
Sherlock chuckled darkly. “It may be time to cut back a bit.”
Could that be right? Was Sherlock actually -- filling out? John supposed it was a natural result of Sherlock’s hugely increased appetite, but he hadn’t actually imagined it would affect Sherlock the way it would a normal human being. He studied Sherlock, who was still wolfing down the scone. Sherlock’s shirt buttons were straining as well, even more than usual. The sight was incredibly endearing -- and, John was surprised to find, more than a little bit arousing.
* * *
Sherlock scowled. “I want cereal. Nothing wrong with that, is there? You’re always trying to get me to eat.”
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees, his eyes closed.
John felt a flush creeping up his cheeks.  “God, Sherlock, c’mere.”
The next week, Sherlock ate breakfast. Also lunch. Dinner, always. And occasionally he kept a packet of biscuits open next to his laptop.
“Better?” John asked.
John laughs. “Absolutely.”
Sherlock smirked. “Are you worried about my pride, John Watson?”
“Oh no, I don’t plan to,” Sherlock says, grinning. He prods John’s belly. “Time to feed you up a bit.”
Sherlock gave him a wicked smile. “Oh, I see,” he said, putting a hand over John’s growing erection. “Fascinating.”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow in return and pulled on another pair of trousers. “A bit. Not much.”
Sherlock sighed. “Mycroft’s having a field day.”
“Well.” John nudged him. “Only a little bit.”
“Well, you’re plenty round now, but... yeah, I think so.”
“Is that what happened.” John returned to kiss Sherlock’s tum again. “You think so? Feeding you, was I?”
“Only if you’d like.”
* * * * * *
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
“We should definitely research the restaurants.”
Sherlock rumbled a laugh. “I know.”
“Hmm,” John said, nosing at the soft skin at Sherlock’s hip. “Collect recipes, you mean.”
“No, I’d say that’s accurate.” John grins. “I just happen to like it.”
“Lung capacity’s improved already, though.”
John sighed contentedly. “Fair enough,” he murmured, and kissed him back.
He doesn’t frown for long. Sherlock’s arms wind around his middle, giving him a squeeze.
~ ~ ~
John rolled Sherlock onto his back, pinning his shoulders, and began to kiss a line down his body, running his hands over him as Sherlock hummed appreciatively. Even flat on his back, John noted, Sherlock’s belly was starting to curve upwards rather than lay flat. John kissed it reverently. “I’d be mad not to like this.”
Sherlock couldn’t help a small smile, but he glanced down at himself again ruefully. “I suppose.”
“I think so,” John grinned.
And the sex, oh God, the sex. When they’d first started sleeping together, Sherlock had been all bones and muscle. These days he was still heavy with muscle, but he was more belly and arse than bones. He felt soft and warm and just...
“As long as the coat fits, and we’ve got a while on that yet.”
“Ah,” John says, and grins. “Up for Angelo’s tonight?”
“You’re not fat,” Sherlock insisted, stepping close enough to run a hand up John’s side. “Just… round, is all.” He reached out to undo the top button on John’s shirt. John’s belly brushed against Sherlock’s pyjamas.
“Too bad this can’t stay, hmm?” Sherlock murmured.
Sherlock chuckled. “Bedroom, then?”
“Might be time to get you out of those trousers,” John said, grinning.
“Just, well. I – I like it.”
“You don’t care if you put on weight,” John said, “as long as it drives me mad?”
John merely chuckled, watching as Sherlock squirmed in his chair and reached down to unfasten the clasp of his trousers. Unrestrained, Sherlock’s belly relaxed into his lap.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
John sighs and puts a hand on his middle, giving it a soft thump. “Best cut back, don’t you think?”
“You’ve never given a toss what Mycroft thinks. Why start now?”
Sherlock closed his eyes, and gave a helpless moan. John’s arousal spiked. His mind was filled with a vision of Sherlock, belly huge after an enormous meal, reclining on the sofa. Apparently the idea was arousing enough to nearly send both of them over the edge.
But that night, in bed, John couldn’t resist. He devoted himself to an exploration of Sherlock’s long, strong frame, and when he ran his hands over Sherlock’s belly, he felt a gentle rounding, a soft bit of extra flesh just at Sherlock’s middle. Delighted, he gave the spot plenty of attention, but decided not to comment – he’d hate for Sherlock to be self-conscious about such a tiny bit of pudge.
John laughs, a deep belly laugh. He gives the new, softer flesh at Sherlock’s middle a pat. “Good thing I do,” he says.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“I never thought I’d say this sentence,” John said wryly, “but you’re getting too fat for your trousers, Sherlock.”
John smiles. “I believe it’s why restaurants were invented.”
“Now that,” Sherlock says, pushing back from the table, “was delicious.”
Sherlock only chuckled and reached for the lube, but groaned involuntarily as he did.
Weeks went by; John continued to jog, and tried to eat reasonably. His trousers were still a little tight, but they didn’t seem to be getting much worse. Sherlock’s appetite, on the other hand, continued to pick up. John watched with a warm rush of pleasure as Sherlock enthusiastically dove into the roast they’d prepared, raided the fridge for late-night snacks, and ordered starters and pudding at Angelo’s. It seemed a happy Sherlock was a Sherlock who actually ate. And John was sure he liked this Sherlock rather a lot.
“You like me bigger.” Sherlock prodded him. “Obvious.”
“I thought I had another week in those,” Sherlock grumbled. “At least.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. He ran a hand experimentally over his middle, which was no longer entirely concave. John noted with mild surprise – and something like arousal – that Sherlock was, in fact, getting a bit of a belly.
“But I’ve always liked you this way,” Sherlock said, leaning over to nuzzle a kiss into John’s neck.
“No?” Sherlock said coldly, his expression unreadable in the dim light of their bedroom.
John stared at the table, then at Sherlock. He looked down at his own dish. “Did you –”
“Christ, Sherlock. Quite a lot, actually,” John said, shifting to kiss Sherlock’s forehead. “I’ve been afraid to say anything in case you’d decide to lose it.”
“Says the man who’s stuck in his trousers.”
“I’m having a Scotch,” John says, clattering around in the kitchen. “Want me to pour you one?”
fault.” John began to kiss lower, down to the soft skin of Sherlock’s inner thighs. Sherlock squirmed.
Mycroft, as predicted, was insufferable, but Sherlock had anticipated as much.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Mycroft glanced at John, then pursed his lips. “I see.”
“Shut up.”
Sherlock, in shirtsleeves and bare feet, scowls at the scale, which is displaying a decidedly low number for someone just over six feet. “I don’t see why this is a problem.”
Sherlock sighed, sounding ,if anything, relieved to be talking about this at last. “I didn’t realise I could actually – well. Put on weight. Until recently.”
“Oh, I can tell you firsthand, it’s easy.”
“Enjoy watching me suffer, do you?” he remarks one morning, mopping up the sweat on his brow with the edge of his t-shirt. He can feel Sherlock watching him, and he has a moment of self-consciousness about the pudge around his middle, now on display.
“Not yet, maybe,” John says, rubbing Sherlock’s swollen middle. “But you’re getting there.”
John, for his part, couldn’t get enough of it. He loved the way Sherlock moved these days, still light on his feet, the added weight making him look stronger, more solid. He especially loved when Sherlock discovered another piece of clothing that had grown too small, and pretended to be put out by it. Plenty of his older things could not quite contain his little paunch, and John suspected that Sherlock kept them around just to drive John crazy. In a good way.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance and adjusted his pyjamas. John stepped closer, scrutinising his partner. He still couldn’t be described as anything other than slim, but he was no longer skinny – years of active detective work and John’s nagging had filled out his wiry frame. His chest and shoulders, once bony, were now broad and solid. He’d never be stocky, like John, but now he looked athletic rather than skeletal.
“Want another drink?” John says. He’s not sure if he needs one, but somehow he feels like some liquid courage would calm his nerves.
* * *
“On the contrary.” Sherlock undid another button.
“… Can I kiss you?”
“Photos, I think. I haven’t looked. He said he thought we might like them. Sentiment, I suppose.”
“I told you, half a stone.”
“So now we’re old and boring,” John panted, still fidgeting with the trousers. “
* * * * * *
Sherlock bought two new suits the next day, and in newly tailored garments, he still looked mostly the same; John, however, could spot every inch of difference. It wasn’t until the following week, when Sherlock unbuttoned his jacket and knelt next to a body as John and Lestrade watched, that Lestrade leaned in and nudged John.
“Mmm,” Sherlock agreed, shifting even closer, and John shut his eyes, surrendering to Sherlock’s touch. They slid together, writhing, lost in bliss, Sherlock’s hand guiding them both over the edge.
“Hmm,” Sherlock breathed. “Am I crushing you?”
“A bit snug as well, hmm?” Sherlock said. “Five pounds?”
John stood up, padding over to where Sherlock stood by the mirror. “You are,” he said matter-of factly. “You look incredible.” He gripped Sherlock’s arm until Sherlock released the trouser clasp, then turned Sherlock to face him, but Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“You have.” John puts down his teacup and steps into the hallway. “I thought I was going crazy.”
“I was,” John said, grinning. “It just wasn’t the subtle hint you thought it was.”
“You know what I mean.”
“It’s my skin,” Sherlock says flatly.
“Or,” John says, quirking an eyebrow, “I could make us an omelet and take you back to bed.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Lestrade made it,” Sherlock gasps, as they stumble down the fire escape. John is too winded to answer.
“You’ve been part of the Work for a long time now. Do keep up, John.”
Even after the ceremony, Mycroft doesn’t attempt to talk to me or hand me anything, and I rejoice. My plan to track a dead man might just work out.
“Still needs work. How’d your… investigation go?”
(See the end of the chapter for
