Tony can hear Rogers scoff before he turns around and comes face to face with Tony. The casual, friendly asshole vibe from Rogers completely dissolves into one of a practiced neutrality. He stiffens and tenses so much that Tony realizes how relaxed he was just seconds prior. Because this abrupt transformation, this posture that Rogers is sporting? It isn't anything new to Tony. This is what Tony sees when he looks at Rogers everytime. This is, apparently, a complete lie.
”Barton didn’t get the vision,” Tony points out. “He out-visioned the vision.”
No one registers who he is here, and if they do, they don’t care. At all. It’s pretty refreshing, actually, and today’s been the kind of day he’d love to drink here, but unfortunately, he’s on a  mission, no matter how self-imposed. The bartender takes one good look at him and probably jumps to the conclusion that like a few of the non-regulars here, he’s a higher middle class, middle-aged man with a midlife crisis that brought him here. He already starts prepping a drink for Tony, something stereotypical, but Tony keeps walking ahead, trying to find Rogers while ignoring all the stares he’s getting. It’s obvious that none of the other middle-aged patrons—ah he suddenly realizes he’s wearing a goddamn suit—venture this far in, where inhibitions are lowered and there’s no such thing as dancing, just sex upright.
"No, it's technically not unique to this room."
So he actually opens up a mindless bubble game on his phone and waits for Fury to be done yelling. He bolts out of there, which isn't exactly uncommon behavior, and then heads into his car. This, he has to check for himself, because it's surreal enough he can't fully grasp it.
"No," Steve says, amused. "I don't quite think they'll mind at all."
That was an answer in itself for how telling it was. "Nineteen forty-something? Thirty-something? It can't be twenty-something, you would have been eleven at best." He pauses.
God, what has happened? What will they do now?
This is a revelation on top of everything else he's learned today. Unfortunately, he's going to have to table it and focus with the issue at hand: Fury still needs Rogers.
SoulFirst. God, he had forgotten about that. Pepper hadn’t, this was why Pepper was CEO. She was good at thinking logically. And life. “Stuttgart, Germany, fancy place where a guy named Heinrich Schaefer’s guest speaking?”
But since he isn't Thor and he doesn't have another real choice, he finds himself mingling around and talking to various governors and senators and representatives and lawmakers who he hasn't even heard of before, most of them. Well, then and many influential people, most of whom were at the charity gala. Tony's starting to realize why Fury really sent them all here as the titles all fly through his head. Looking around at Natasha, Steve, and Bruce, he sees that they're all realizing the same thing.
His is last, and as the narrator says, “Steve Rogers, for Centre of the World.” The scene behind is the one where Steve rises from the ground with a truly frightening expression after carving up a recent victim. People ask him often where he had pulled the expression from, and where he drew his inspiration from, but Steve has absolutely no clue. He didn’t really know that his face could do that.
"Sir, you have a call from Captain Rogers," JARVIS said, and Tony sighed.
"Can you...," Tony pauses dramatically, "Do the Lindy Hop?"
The Avengers have all been invited to some governor's (senator's?) party that Fury makes them all go to, on pretense of staying on their favorable side. Tony hates it, hates this, hates that he couldn't even put up a fight because Fury had left before he got a word in. Lucky Thor; Thor always seems to miss the boring Avengers PR events.
, Tony wants to say,
“From capamericaandnomad. Man, I’d devour that Dorito body any day, are you kidding me, question mark, question mark, question mark, question mark,” Tony reads, a bright and childish smile breaking out onto his face. Steve tries to take the tweet away, but Tony fends him off with his right hand continues on reading. “I’d at least lick it top to bottom.”
"I think I'll let go of you for now," Steve says as Tony realizes that this song, whatever it is, is winding down. "Come find me if you've got another question. Promise I'll answer." He winks at Tony lavishly, and then they part ways, with Steve going to find a new dance partner, and Tony finding someone new to schmooze. Though really, they're both doing the same thing. "You have eleven questions left."
The joke is also slightly on SHIELD. He has his own trackers on Rogers's devices, because he's not ever going to be responsible for losing America's favorite golden man. All he has to do is open up a locating app and he knows where Steve is. So he does just that while Fury is yelling, passing it off as playing a game on his phone. The locator takes just under a minute to find him, and Tony almost drops his phone in surprise. According to his phone, Rogers is at a bar that Tony is familiar with. A gay bar, to be much more exact, and not even the most reputable of places. Tony knows it because it's the last place anyone would expect him, a playboy billionaire, to be when he wants a causal drink.
“Oh, thank god we got that right in one try,” Steve sighs after a second, looking relieved as hell. He’s sure that this will also make it into the one video, but it’s not like it’ll hurt him. After all, it’s just a brag that they got it right in one take, unlike Bucky and Sam, who had to try over and over again because of how uncooperative one was with the other. “Great!”
”I didn’t care about it, I didn’t care,” he says, slurring everywhere. Pepper’s running a hand through his hair. “Why does it hurt so much? I don’t care, and the stupid timer had to say zero and it hurts and I don’t want it to hurt. Why can’t it go back?”
Somehow Steve has gotten it in his head that Tony is incapable of functioning past 36 hours of no sleep. Bastard. What an absolute bastard. Doesn't he know who Tony is? 36 hours is absolutely nothing, and besides, he has things he needs to be doing. And not just because he's trying to avoid Steve. He's on the verge of finalizing the design for Clint's collapsible bow to work with the explosive arrows correctly.
"Tall?"
"And that's not the right question," Steve smirks again. "When did I learn to dance, on the other hand..."
“Raise your hand if you would let sexy lumberjack Steve Rogers raw you at any point of the day,” Tony reads, and then he flips the tweet over to show the second half of the tweet, a picture that has a room full of people with their hands raised. “Wait, is that the time when you decided to let your beard grow out? Or was it the time that you dyed everything brown, beard and hair?”
“Never,” Steve denies. He looks into Tony’s careful eyes, those eyes that are quietly asking him if he wants to go somewhere else and finds courage he doesn’t have. He silently responds with a flick of his eyes that he’ll be okay. Tony’s expression grows daring, though it’s still calculated and careful. So Steve flashes a look to the crowd—on of those looks that Natasha always tells him makes him insanely hot
Steve and Tony aren't friends, not by a long shot and both of them know it. The only things that have changed is that they won't yell at each other every time they talk to each other, and sometimes he'll listen to Steve on the field. Otherwise, they still hate and despise each other to some degree. But, it's possible that in the distant future, they could be friends. Maybe. Everything's still on paper-thin ice.
“Steve,” the bartender yells over, which means Tony has to stop staring like a lunatic, “You have a friend looking for you!”
“It wasn’t weird,” Steve says, even though the first one had been weird because he had wished it was real and not for a movie in front of people, “It’s your best friend and it’s just for a movie. We’ve done weirder things for each other or a role.”
“Like I said, congratulations. Stupid me of being careless, but I really had thought that you had better things to do than track my life. Was this what you wanted, Stark? My dark scandal?”
Steve laughs and shakes his head at Tony, despite knowing that the cameras must be panning to him even as everyone in the crowd laughs.
“Oh, look at that,” Tony says with a smile, maintaining direct eye contact as he reaches over and pulls the next one. “Is Tony Stark the guy from Sherlock Holmes?”
"That's bullshit," Tony says, because what else is he going to respond to that? "Can you just give me a straight answer? Come on."
Before Natasha can say something, and her face is in a carefully blank expression right now, Steve says, “They’re out there somewhere.”
Tony stares at him with a gleam in his eye that spells trouble. “Which one?” Steve groans.
Awards come and go. And finally, after what seems like an eternity, the presenters begin to announce the nominees for his category. Steve just wants to see his name pop on the screen, and then he’ll be satisfied—just to feel the honor of being
“You think too loud,” Steve mutters, before comically opening his eyes and trying to untangle the two of them frantically. He ends up shoving himself off the bed in a hurry with a soft thump. “Oh god, I’m sorry, I must have suffocated you and I didn’t mean...”
Steve shrugs, letting that finish the thought off. People can read into it what they will. “I know I saw too many questions about what caused that disaster. Since I disappeared off the face of the Earth, I kind of... haven’t answered that and I haven’t let anyone else answer that. Honestly, I wasn’t even going to go to the Oscars because I wasn’t exactly in the right frame of mind for that, but when there’s a very real chance you might win something, you’re expected to suck it up and go. Well, that’s what I told myself.”
He smiles, but his eye catches on a comment asking him why. Steve has to think of ASPCA commercials to stop himself from outright laughing at either their attempt to make him feel better, or their genuine bafflement.
"Fella done you wrong?" Natasha teases huskily as she slides over his drink. She glances over to Steve, who's chatting with Thor about something involving the little cube in his hand. Thor's, not Steve's.
Tony smirks from beside him, all too eager to hear what people think of him. “Thirst tweets are not a mission to conquer,” he says, making grabby hands at the bucket. “Although if you really do want to conquer...”
“Hey Rogers, you sure you aren’t a lost puppy?” he asks, too loudly. Steve has a feeling that Tony wants to get a phrase trending on Twitter about him being a lost puppy or something related to dogs at the red carpet. “We’re at the Centre premiere, just in case you haven’t realized.”
“Please don’t ask if I’m alive,” Steve interjects with a pained expression on his face.
Tony sighs.
Steve just gives him a sad look, before saying, “I could never hate you.” Before Tony can say anything, Steve walks dangerously close to Tony, brushes a hand out, looks at Tony meaningfully, and then turns off the light. So maybe Tony was projecting (and maybe he was down for some hate-sex). Steve climbs into bed, somehow taking up just a little less than half of the bed even given his considerable stature. It’s clear that Steve has already thought about the bed/floor argument, and came up with a better solution. Only not for Tony, because a night with Steve in the same bed sounds like torture since they aren’t sleeping together.
Uh huh, like it was only Steve. Tony heard Steve call out Natasha's name defensively and let himself weakly smile.
Clint groans and signs something, before holding his hand out for the aids. As soon as he gets them, he bolts, with Natasha on his trail, determined to finish yelling at him. Bruce goes back into his room and suddenly, it’s the two of them alone again.
"Yes."
"Both of them are married to their jobs. And Hill's the type to hook up and dump anyway." This, Tony did not need to know.
“Should I feel honoured?” he asks, putting two and two together. He slides the drink over expertly, deft hands having put it together seconds before.
done so before. Steve nods, almost seeming to shrug, even though he really can't. "Female or male?"
"They're definitely going to fuck, right?" Tony asks with a need for confirmation. "I'm not seeing that wrong?"
LATER IN THE INTERVIEW
Tony can hear Rogers scoff before he turns around and comes face to face with Tony. The casual, friendly asshole vibe from Rogers completely dissolves into one of a practiced neutrality. He stiffens and tenses so much that Tony realizes how relaxed he was just seconds prior. Because this abrupt transformation, this posture that Rogers is sporting? It isn't anything new to Tony. This is what Tony sees when he looks at Rogers everytime. This is, apparently, a complete lie.
, for the first time. "I wouldn't want to squeeze myself in there."
He never sees the note fallen onto the floor, written in flowing blue cursive explaining to him that Steve has to go, but that he will drop by as soon as he can to talk if Tony doesn't want a phone call.
"Tony. Wha–Tony, oh my god!" Steve's relieved yet panicked voice sighed—why did Steve sound like he was running a marathon in an asthmatic body?—on the other end of the call. "Tony, god, you're alive, the news said the mansion... and there was a bomb and you weren't found and the Mandarin was... oh my god, Tony, are you okay?"
“No, I wasn’t um... Peggy had a timer,” he shakes his head, weakly trying to explain. “And Daniel was her soulmate. History liked its own story.”
from him, from Liam and the scene and whatever else. He pretended for a moment that he wasn’t kissing his best friend, but rather kissing a nameless, faceless person from a crowd. He didn’t want to think about the way that both of them groaned into each other’s mouths, pushing and prodding each other’s mouth in a one-sided fight for dominance. Tony’s arms were still on either side of him, trapping Steve in even though physically Steve’s taller and generally larger.
in Tony’s direction, as if he should know better. “Not at all is a longer answer than no. Or like, hell no, not since year X that I am not specifying.” He clears his throat and smiles innocently.
spend the time wondering about his sexuality. Or the fact that Steve had showed up to the mandatory team meeting late and a little disheveled, promptly ending any and all debates about his virginity, but sparking new ones about
“You're not going to—” Tony starts to say, before Rogers stops him with an impatient hand and shakes his head bitterly, already knowing what he's about to say.
It was hard to fake the surprise on his face when Tony took a step closer to Steve when Steve knew that it was supposed to happen, but he wasn’t an actor for nothing. Even if this entire scene was conflicting for him and he was compromised, he couldn’t just drop the ball.
"I'm bored," Tony says. "Entertain me. Let's do 20 questions again."
He eventually stops crying, sobs eventually subsiding into quieter tears and then completely ending. “This is wrong,” Steve says when he thinks the worst of his shaking has also ended. “Tell me I’m being selfish. Tell me I shouldn’t be crying and wanting Ma like a child.”
"Caltain America is a day job," Steve says when he comes to pick Tony up from his lab because Tony has apparently spent too many hours in here without real food and sleep. "It's not my priority in the sense that it's yours, but it is a priority and a day job."
Rogers cuts in sharply. “Don't tell me that I'm half gay, or whatever you're about to say, and don't tell me that I can just date women and get away with liking men as well sometimes. I'm fucking gay and I can't fucking choose to just like girls; I've been trying for the past twenty damned-something years! And if you really don't know why I can't just be out with it, I really don't know what's to tell you, Stark. Thought you were supposed to be smart."
”I don’t know what the context is, but fuck you too,” Clint says from behind Natasha, seemingly looking for something. He’s staring intently at Tony’s lips and Tony sighs. Natasha doesn’t even have to turn around to figure it out.
he had lost it. Fury was basically not at all amused, but then Tony had made a remark about the last time
Tony really cannot believe he's being the reasonable one. Nevertheless, Rogers loses some of his tension, and he silently dashes upstairs, leaving Tony downstairs and wondering what the hell kind of day today is. When he finally goes upstairs, Rogers is nowhere to be found and the bartender just gestures out with a glare. Great; he's managed to piss this guy off too, and he made good drinks.
"You should dance with me," Steve suggests, a smirk on his face and a very flirtatious look in his eyes that's all but challenging Tony. "As a thank-you, you know. Heard it's the polite thing to do."
, Tony thinks,
The first interviewer catches them both by surprise, and smiles in victory for doing so.
“She—she told me I’d make it up here and cry,” Steve whispers, “Guess she was r-right.” Tony doesn’t say anything in response to that, but Steve thinks he isn’t imagining the tighter hold Tony now has on him.
"Well, if it isn't my favorite two Avengers," he drawls, managing an exasperated roll of his eyes.
"Brunette, blond, redhead, noirette, what?"
The Avengers have all been invited to some governor's (senator's?) party that Fury makes them all go to, on pretense of staying on their favorable side. Tony hates it, hates this, hates that he couldn't even put up a fight because Fury had left before he got a word in. Lucky Thor; Thor always seems to miss the boring Avengers PR events.
"Caltain America is a day job," Steve says when he comes to pick Tony up from his lab because Tony has apparently spent too many hours in here without real food and sleep. "It's not my priority in the sense that it's yours, but it is a priority and a day job."
“We have a censor,” she says, “But not every other word.”
Tony can feel his face crumple. He doesn’t cry. He doesn’t; Stark men do not cry. They are made of iron and steel will and they do not cry.
The man is punctual and planned and prepared and perfect and quick-thinking and responsive and responsible and reliable and strategic and serious and everything else that falls in that basket of a perfect soldier. Fury loves him, especially since he shows up to every single meeting/debriefing and actually does his paperwork, extensively. He doesn't miss a single work-related details and really doesn't stop working. On the rare occasion he's not working, Rogers is seemingly moping in SHIELD-assigned apartment that's incredibly pathetic.
“Well, I did move. I’ve been looking at new places since last year, so I finally found someplace in Brooklyn I like. A lot better than my old place, I gotta say, but I also feel like if anyone finds out where I am, I’m screwed. Last apartment, no one still found me, by some stroke of luck, so it’s actually on the market and no one knows it’s mine. But, uh, if anyone of you move into an apartment in Brooklyn and you find random blue cranes everywhere, I’m really sorry. I swear, I thought I got them all.”
Steve smirks and shakes his head. "Your Pepper-ordained 'must socialize' list. I've been going through a few people who are lower priority on it, but then Lucinda Reyes got me for a dance, so I thought, why not?" He looks like he wants to say something else but, then apparently sees something out of the corner of his eye and then stops talking.
Tony walks away before Natasha says anything, because he sees one of Pepper's 'must schmooze' guests and they're free for the first time of all of tonight. He's been threatened to go through the list of 'must schmooze' guests on pain of 24 hour days and her alerting both Bruce and Steve. And considering that he doesn't want 24 days or that he doesn't want to see Steve often, he's going to go through it.
“Depends. Is it working?”
“The first one came out in, like, 2008. That was eleven years ago. I was still dancing around the drinking age then,” Steve says with a frown. Well, he technically could have gone to the movie drunk and be fully within legal limits, but it was fun to tease Tony about his age sometimes.
“Close enough,” Tony says, shrugging. “I’m been accused of heresy more times than I can remember, so. Good for you.” He tosses the card, and someone hands Steve the next card, which he takes with pleasure.
Steve takes the out and walks over to Tony, an incredulous look creeping over his face. “No, I hadn’t noticed,” he comments, gesturing to the boards behind them that declare the movie they’re here for. Cameras still continue to go off, but someone shouts for them to keep on going. A brief look at his watch tells him that they’ve been photographed for nearly fifteen minutes straight. Horrible.
Everheart laughs when he mentions Peggy’s casting. “Really? I’m glad you feel that way,” she saye, leading into a question Steve can tell will be a heavier one. “There have been quite a number of people—”
“Okay, I’m opening up the Q&A, feel free to hit me with your best shot. Just know that I’m answering what I want,” he says winking at the camera so no one tries anything. He’s gotten the most bizarre questions (and answered them!) and he’s gotten the most invasive question (and he hadn’t acknowledged them).
Tony takes off his cuff and holds up the line of zeroes to Steve. Steve’s eyes widen, and his breath catches as his face softens towards Tony. “Stuttgart Hall.”
“I—” Steve says, looking out into the mostly supportive crowd—since there are always a few people who hadn’t approved of the gayness of CotW. But that’s never mattered, not when he’s always had the support of one person looming over him. That’s all he makes before he bursts into tears; it hits him that his ma isn’t here to watch him. He sees the audience in front of him startle, but pays them no attention; half these people have seen him cry in Centre of the World anyway.
Here’s the thing: the Oscar nominations come out the very same day that marks the four-year anniversary of his mother’s death. The exact minute that they actually come out, he’s in front of his mother’s grave, crying at her headstone and resolutely ignoring all the paparazzi that are trying to discretely snap photos of him. There have to be more of them usual this year, because of the Oscar nominations happening today. The paparazzi go wild for anyone who even starred in a recent movie during nomination day. Usually, there’s always handful or so who take pictures of him at the graveyard every year because they’ve realized that today is his mother’s death day. Steve can’t do anything about it that wouldn’t bring attention to himself, so he has taken to ignoring them. It’s easy, he finds, because it’s hard to see anything though his own tears.
"Why?"
Not only are there mixed results, people throw in other breeds of dogs, almost like they’ve thought about this before. Steve doesn’t know whether to be concerned or not, or to think too hard about the fact that this is a divisive question people have opinions on. It’s like a Buzzfeed quiz, the ones where you pick out the subjects you liked in high school and the ones who hated in college and they told you what dog you were.
wants to know what Steve’s gotten up to now.
“Oh my god,” Tony whispers as he lets go of Steve to actually wall up on the stage and accept the award. “I don’t have a speech prepared.”
“Alright guys, I have to go, hope people got
He doesn’t know how long he spends crying, or how long the people running the backstage part of the Oscars let him stay in their corner and cry. Maybe he’ll make the news if someone tells on him. Steve won’t give a single fuck about it anyway; he’ll be drunk and crying his entire way next week, probably.
Really, the man is an insufferable, nonagenarian, self-sanctimonious dickhead who has a stick shoved so far up his ass that x-rays probably think he has two spines. Steven Grant Rogers? He's more like Steve 'Goddamnit' Rogers. Fucking jerk. Can't take a single joke, can't accept any kind of an invitation to live at the Tower, can't do anything but yell at Tony; that's who Rogers is. Of course, he's got America and the entire fucking world wrapped around his pinky finger and has them all believing that he's some bastion of apple pie, kindness, and cat-saving goodness. Rogers is a rude, old-fashioned prick, and Tony knows that no one is going to believe him.
"Okay," Natasha says, considering it in her mind. "Fair." They talk a little bit more, but break off when Natasha's suddenly busy with her actual role of today.
“Where's the tracker that's on me?” Rogers sharply asks, fishing out his phone from his back pocket. “It's yours, isn't it? It has to be yours, never mind, why'd I ask? Tell me where it is.” When he doesn't respond, Rogers's voice increase in volume as he demands, “Tell me where the fuck it is.”
should be apologizing right now for yelling at you like that without understanding why. I still wouldn’t have agreed, but some of the things I said would have never been thought of.”
hurry up im wtng 4 u steve y r u l8?
“You're not going to—” Tony starts to say, before Rogers stops him with an impatient hand and shakes his head bitterly, already knowing what he's about to say.
“What?” Tony asks in shock, blinking at Steve.
“Steve and I started laughing at each other the second Peggy called cut on that one,” Tony reveals with a smirk. “The scene was supposed to cut off right as I said my words, and no one cut us off until about a minute after, so we just had to try and do something to fill in the gaps until she finally told us to stop and take five. But Steve and I kept laughing after that. We couldn’t film anything else usable that day. So, no, a lot of that was faked.”
Two months, and nothing. Not a single person has said anything, and Tony/JARVIS have checked everywhere.
Steven Grant Rogers, unlike everyone else on the list, has earned his spot not because Tony likes/respects/cares about him, per se, but because he's fucking Captain America and a guy who is very, very hard to impress—and Tony wants to impress him just once. He's not proud of the reasoning behind it. He doesn't mention this to his therapist, either, because she'd go into a round of daddy issues and self-worth issues. And probably everything else that's wrong with him. But whatever. Tony doesn't
is allowed to be gay? That I'm
He was so fucked. This was a movie, a job, a role, a professional setting and here he was breaking every single acting rule of his life. Fuck, fuck, fuck, this was beyond method acting for him to claim. Fuck. Why did he take the role again? Fuck.
"Modern dance? Are you caught up there?" he asks. "Or is are the worlds of hip-hop and contemporary confusing?"
Natasha and Clint have a priority as SHIELD agents, and this Tony knows. He has a priority to Stark Industries. Bruce has one to his science. Thor has one to Asgard. They all have day jobs. So what does Steve have? Captain America isn't a day job.
Steve's eyes flicker on him with amusement. "Well, a) it's fun, b) I'm fantastic at it, and c) I don't think I would be able to pry you out of your lab every 24 hours, JARVIS and Pepper or not." Suddenly the song changes and he realizes that although the music doesn't call for any 'scandalous' dances, they call for some that involve bodies pressed very close to each other. And Steve doesn't look like he's letting go anytime soon.
"What is your problem today? Fury needs you, and we're in what may as well be a bar back alley yelling about your goddamned sexuality that I couldn't care less about right now. Youre acting like it’s the center of my world or something. Whatever. You're saying you're off-duty, and he's saying you aren't, so we're going to get this straightened out and then, do whatever. I don't fucking care, Rogers, newsflash!"
Steve laughs, loud and clear and winces again, but the blond doesn’t seem to care. Tony takes one look at him and wonders if this is what having a soulmate feels like. If this is the kind of love they feel, because he really can’t imagine anything else.
He never remembers that Steve had told him before that last night was going to be his last in NYC.
"Yeah," Tony says, because his mind cannot function with how close Steve is to him and how much hotter he looks up close. "That's fine." He makes a prompt exit, lest he lose his cool, and saunters over to Natasha. She already knows what he wants, and he just waits while he thinks.
And then he wonders what the hell to say next, because what if Steve isn’t gay, what if Steve hates Tony, what if Steve is disgusted and repulsed?
Tony just stares at Steve in the kitchen, waiting for him to leave. So he watches Steve brew his tea with all the movements of a guy who has just come out of a nightmare. It must have been a devasting one, for Steve to look so far gone and retreated into himself that he’s a ghost working off of muscle memory. Shoulders hunched, eyes glazed, face dark, chest rising unevenly, and shaking arms, he doesn’t look at all like the Steve he’s come to be.
Steve looks at him like he hung the moon.
.” Steve had said before he had dashed into the bathroom in their bedroom. So by the time Tony had done the same, Steve was already in the kitchen cooking breakfast, because apparently it was four thirty in the morning and no one else was up.
"Maria," Natasha responds without missing a beat. When Tony doesn't say anything in frozen shock, she says, "
Steve huffs a laugh, and then winces, and Tony instantly realizes that the painkillers are not high enough to do a single damn thing to Steve. He walks over and glares at Steve while pressing the button a few times. Before Steve can say something else, Tony glares again, and then leans against the door like he did last time.
“Looking around,” Tony shrugs, “Wanting a drink, maintaining a low profile, searching for you, finding you, oh you know, basic things.” He tries to steel himself at whatever is about to come next, but he has to face it. When it comes to Rogers, Tony is never prepared, and he's never fully giving as best as he could. He barely manages to give as good as he gets by means of insults and backhanded jabs.
"Hmm," is all Tony says.
Warnings: No.
"Is this guy wearing black?"
are you doing here?”
Steve raises an eyebrow, eyes him with a speculative look, and then answers, "Nope."
"What? No! No. But yes, I do know that Clint knows. It's hard not for me to know that Clint knows."
“But I—”
Steve scrambles to get his cuff on, but Natasha’s noticed what he has.
“Is Tony Stark bisexual?” Steve asks, pulling off the next sticker before Tony has a crisis at this press junket. “Wait, no, he is pansexual because he likes atttactive people all the same and is completely non-discriminatory. Also because he has more options to sleep around and charm.” He winks at Tony after he says that.
Not literally, because on the outside he's talking and laughing with a popular Instagram influencer. On the inside, though, he wonders how he's going to look Steve in the eye without wanting to bang him right there and not picture this. He thinks he was better off when he hated Steve. Except maybe then he would have wanted hate-sex, and that was probably worse.
“From an idealistic artist in the summer of Spain in 1989 to an irredeemable murderer with a perchance for order, here are the nominees for the best leading male actor in a dramatic motion picture role,” they read, and the screen behind starts to play the clips of the other nominees and their roles.
"Why?"
"Yes," Natasha responds, blinking. "They are."
Steve was kind and polite and so honest in a world where nothing was black and white that it was refreshing. He definitely had a few things he wasn't telling and like everyone, he did lie, but Tony didn't mean that kind of honest. Steve was a breath of fresh air and a light in all of their darkened lives, though he was stumbling through life himself. He was trying, trying, trying, and never giving up, but he was helping as he helped himself. He did not deserve the horrible time displacement deal he had gotten, even if everyone here now were all the better for it.
He never remembers that Steve had told him before that last night was going to be his last in NYC.
“Laughing,” Kat repeats.
Steve doesn’t realize he’s crying until his hand reaches up to wipe his eyes on instinct.
Really, it was all Tony's, and just one more thing he had fucked up.
”No, don’t you dare—”
Apparently it’s three o’clock in the morning. Who knew?
Not even when the three of them wake up the next day in the same bed, fully clothed (thank god this wasn’t like Nice, or Milan in 2003 and 2005, or Jakarta, or Toronto, or even Detroit, where they didn’t even have sex that time but were still mostly naked) but also heavily cuddling, with Tony in the middle. No one cares; this doesn’t even rank on the scale of weirdness between the three of them.
"Captain Rogers is currently in Washington D.C. for SHIELD. His new assignment begins today."
“Are you sure?”
“You’re really bad at math,” is the only thing Tony says. “Toss the card.”
“Pepper?” Tony greets.
“Can I kiss you?” Tony asks abruptly. He's already come this far with impulse decisions, and fuck, this must be what it feels like to be Steve. There's such an adrenaline rush that comes with impulses.
Tony tries to hide his shock at the information that has been revealed to him and instead looks at Rogers. Rogers, who’s in jeans that look like they’ve been stitched onto him for how tight and ass-flattering they are, and a green-gray Henley that shows off every flexing muscle while leaving nothing to the imagination. His hair is messy and tousled in a way that Tony’s never seen in. He can’t make much out, but he can tell that the shirt is buttoned, for hoe the light doesn’t reflect off of them right.
"Is it a unique color he's wearing?"
“Tony Stark,” Tony adds on with a charming, pearly white grin that has probably been the reason Tony has faint laugh lines that match up with the exact smile, “And this fool and I are doing the Wired Autocomplete Interview.”
"You're basically describing Clint."
Strangely enough, the team (even Natasha and
“I don’t know who they are,” Steve says calmly, like he’s tried to accept it and move on. And for Steve, who thought he was a blank for all of his old life, maybe it was an easy thing to forget about it. “And there’s just five people alive who know that I have a timer. There’s only four people who know what the numbers are.”
"Chicken butt," Steve shamelessly quips, before walking in and then unapologetically picking Tony up. All of Tony's attempts to break away go ignored and unsuccessful. Steve doesn't even wince.
”Be safe,” she says, before he hangs up, still feeling completely numb.
"Can we play 20 questions on who it is, then?" Tony asks, because Steve is indulging him this when he's
as the rest of this place. “What the
"What's blasphemous to everyone else is your weird ability to not sleep in days just or the fun of it."
Steve shakes his head, though this is the first he has heard of this strange theory. “God, shooting it
“You look like someone kicked a patriotic puppy,” Tony says, internally wincing at what he just said.
So when Tony absentmindedly dips down low and places a quick kiss on the top of Steve’s head, before walking away to do god knows what, Steve knows immediately that there’s not enough planning in the world that could have prevented that. It doesn’t stop him from turning pink, the realization that he couldn’t have stopped it, but at least he doesn’t turn red or start stammering. This is fine, he tells himself, this is absolutely fine. It’s okay; the truth had to have come out sometime. Steve very carefully doesn’t think about it.
So Tony does, and he's proud to say that he can more than easily hold his own with Steve thanks to all of those dance classes when he was younger. "Why are you suddenly helping me with this?"
is allowed to be gay? That I'm
Because tonight, Tony's at a charity gala that the Maria Stark Foundation is hosting—not to be mistaken for the annual MSFG or any of Tony's parties. Of course, all of the Avengers are now on the roster, as has been the normal for the past few months, but Tony no longer has a need to worry. Thor is off-planet and he's the only one prone to damage things nowadays. Natasha and Clint have made it a competition to charm as many people as possible (which is only good for him) and though it stemmed out of an argument on who has better social skills, Tony isn't going to get in the way of that. Bruce, whenever he comes, always manages to find a fellow scientist or science enthusiast and then spends the entire night talking science. He isn't here tonight though, bowing out thanks to a science conference. Steve, Tony has only worried about once and that was at the initial Avenger's post-Loki press conference because he didn't want to have to be stuck on cleanup PR duty. But after the first one, he had discovered Steve has incredible schmoozing skills, probably gained from being Captain America and being a showgirl. Steve is in no way shy when it comes to people, unlike what his reputation says.
done so before. Steve nods, almost seeming to shrug, even though he really can't. "Female or male?"
"Last time you did this was the gala! That was three days ago!"
; this the third one that’s about him.
“You okay?” Tony asks, concern tinging his voice. Steve removes his hands from his face and opens his eyes, turning to look at Tony. “I know that you didn’t want to—”
“That was Stephen Strange,” Steve corrects. “I loved watching that show so much. You weren’t in it. Unless they’re talking about the American version, Elementary. Were you somewhere in the six-something seasons? Or wait, there were movies at some point. With... with the guy who plays Jude Law. And...”
, Tony thinks,
Steve, and that’s why he wants to see Steve smile, why he’s always paying attention to Steve, why he wants Steve living here so badly and not just because he wanted the full set, why Tony lets Steve lean into him and why Tony cares so much in a way that he’s only cared about three people and an AI before: Jarvis, Rhodey, Pepper, and JARVIS.
here?”
Almost perfectly on the nose, but Steve’s not getting why that made Tony so scared, and he doesn’t want him to.
Tony realizes he will have the time to learn everything he wants about Steve if they defeat Ultron.
Too quick to be read, Tony catches a number at the far-most right of Steve’s wrist and stares in shock.
“Shut
His hand drops down from his face again when he says, “I didn’t mean for that to happen, I’ll take the floor next time if there is a next time and...”
“That fluff ball has already been adopted,” Tony laughs, leading them to a prime photography spot. Although he doesn’t say anything, Steve knows that Tony’s been waiting for him so that they could make the pictures together, especially since they couldn’t do the same thing last year.
"You're not denying it," Tony observes. "So there is someone. You know, you've been dancing a long time with me. Are you trying to play a jealousy card? Doesn't work too often, you know. Especially when you're with me; because then they'll think you're mine for the night."
"Just that," Pepper says. "Do I want to hear whatever preceded the... Steve Rogers phenomenon? What is it, by the way?"
The blond's expression is icy cold as he snaps, “Don't tell me Fury called me in; he gave me a mandatory two week vacation that's to be obeyed unless aliens attack. Sky's still intact and all, so that isn't it.”
, aren’t we? Did Patty Jenkins not direct the third-highest grossing movie of the world in her year two and a half years ago? Did Ava DuVernay not direct a critic-lauded masterpiece? Did Kathryn Bigelow not direct one, but two award-winning movies in the span of five years that earned her accolades and acclaims from everywhere
Tony knows he has to try.
“I think we’re—”
"Who do you take me for?" Tony asks, offended at the insinuation. "A, no matter how much I don't like him that's a dick move, especially considering how I found out. B, I'm not about to ruin the dreams of millions of women around the world."
And just when Tony can't be anymore surprised by the fact that Steve sometimes does ballet and tap, he says, "But the salsa! Tango! Samba, rumba, jive, bolero, those are all lively!" His excited face changes into one of amusement when he continues on with, "And then someone at the place I go to tried to tell me that I should learn how to belly dance. I'm starting to wonder if everyone thinks that I don't know what I'm doing."
"The particular shade of his clothes is a little off from anyone else, but many would say it's a fairly common color," Steve says with a complete straight-face, and then Tony remembers two things. A, Steve has really good serum-enhanced eyes, and B, Steve is also an artist, so he knows what to do with all that sensory information.
Steve kisses him.
“Looking around,” Tony shrugs, “Wanting a drink, maintaining a low profile, searching for you, finding you, oh you know, basic things.” He tries to steel himself at whatever is about to come next, but he has to face it. When it comes to Rogers, Tony is never prepared, and he's never fully giving as best as he could. He barely manages to give as good as he gets by means of insults and backhanded jabs.
“Tony,” Steve says as soon as he steps foot into the kitchen. His voice is lighter than Tony has ever heard it. “There’s coffee running.”
"Tony," Steve greets with a smile, and Tony blinks. He had been staring at the stairs for too long, zoning out for a second. "Sorry I'm late."
“Hey Steve,” Tony replies, swallowing back any memories about what Steve looked like last time. “Please don't ever do something like this ever again with calling for help.”
Rogers glances at him incredulously, as if to ask
"Stark, I swear, if you do some dumbass thing like this again and give Steve a panic-induced ulcer or a heart attack again, I will kill you. You didn't land on this team just to be killed by a terrorist," Natasha's sharp voice scolded, but he could hear everything she wasn't saying and the relief in her voice. "
each other. It's a proven fact. Rogers is friendly to everyone but Tony, and Tony pretty much gets along and likes everyone but Rogers. Everyone knows this. Everyone also is waiting for them to get over it and make nice.
is understood by all.
"How much of that internal monologue did you hear?" Tony asks.
Just as he finishes his drink and plans to talk to Steve, he notices Steve chatting up some brunette (who he really can't see) near the billiards table. Both of them are talking and laughing at the players, and Clint's drunken determination. Tony really doesn't know how Clint's gotten better with a few drinks, but then again, it's also Clint. No one knows. Well, maybe Natasha. Natasha knows everything.
That stupid, stupid joke he always made around Rogers. And now it was coming to bite him back. Of course. Tony doesn't know how much of this he can take before he snaps himself and they walk away with more bruises than necessary, and perhaps a broken bone or ten on Tony's part. “Homosexuality isn't a perversion or a crime, Rogers, I think it's time to get up to speed.”
Words sounded fake to him, and maybe it was because he had repeated reassuring phrases over and over again until they had lost all value, but now they sounded fake. Empty and hollow, and of no use. But they were true, and everything had worked out just fine, and now Tony would learn from his mistakes again and live. He would live. It was going to be just fine.
"They're definitely going to fuck, right?" Tony asks with a need for confirmation. "I'm not seeing that wrong?"
"Mm," Natasha wrinkles her nose. "They're not going to be anything more than friends."
Tony blew out another breath, but it was shaky, just as Dominic was losing his controlled composure. “No you don’t.” This was it; this was the point that turned Dominic Galan down a different path. Steve steeled himself. “If you
Tony is in a board meeting when his timer suddenly tells him he has a few days left. He stares at it for a second, wondering if that feeling in his chest is hope that the timer will finally be right, or annoyance that it would do this to him. Either way, Tony discretely hides his wrist and pretends to pay attention again. It doesn't really matter. But by judging the look on Pepper's face, he can tell that she knows his timer has decreased again and that she knows that he isn't paying attention. He loves Pepper all the more for that knowing smile on her face as she rattles off a polished and prepared business plan to the board. If she didn't have her own timer, and he wasn't such a mess and a drain to her sanity, he would have asked Pepper out a long time ago. A
Steve's question set Tony off in laughter. Was he okay?
“You’re back early,” Steve says, knowing that everyone can hear him, but they can’t see his face. So he mouths a shhh, without actually pushing the air through. It’s tricky, especially when he can’t put a finger against his lips to actually solidify the gesture but Tony’ll know what he means. That they have an audience. “What’s up?”
Tony snickers. “You have to read it. Them’s the rules.”
Just as he finishes his drink and plans to talk to Steve, he notices Steve chatting up some brunette (who he really can't see) near the billiards table. Both of them are talking and laughing at the players, and Clint's drunken determination. Tony really doesn't know how Clint's gotten better with a few drinks, but then again, it's also Clint. No one knows. Well, maybe Natasha. Natasha knows everything.
He looked at her with an amused expression. "Three days and an hour, more or less," Tony answers.
Tony doesn't give anything away, though he knows that doesn't work. "Don't tell me you don't want to fuck him," he bluntly says. Both of them look like they're considering it, and he knows he's won that point.
Tony shrugs. There are worse press incidents and issues than the conservatives coming after Rogers. "Why not? And back then, anyway, you had Carter, right? So you're what, bisexual? Pansexual? Polysexual? Preferring not to put labels? You like women, so I mean, you'll only get yelled at half the—”
He flies to D.C. immediately after that, and rushes into the hospital room where Steve is.
But as the party winds down somewhere near midnight, somewhere near one, and he's gliding across the room, checking up and socializing seamlessly, he notices something strange. When he looks at Natasha, who's subtly staring at the same thing with a hint of curiosity, he goes over to her again. Seems like they were wrong, or Steve wasn't telling the full truth.
“Was it weird, kissing your best friend?” the same woman asks, laughing just like everyone else in the crowd, “Either of you.”
“Natasha and Sam are the others,” Steve continues, "but they doesn’t know where it zeroed. Happened just a short while after I woke up. During Loki.”
Pepper doesn’t answer with anything but consoling motions, and that’s pretty much how the rest of the night goes.
considering we’ve known each other for nearly a decade. I don’t think either of us had to fake that, you know? It was kind of nice, if I’m going to be fully honest, because I would rather have done those scenes with someone I knew and could trust rather than someone I didn’t.”
“I have a soulmate,” Steve says with a smile, only the smile is so wrong, so bitter, so sad that Tony wants to look away now from this extremely private moment but can’t. He stares at Natasha, before pulling off his cuff and showing it to Natasha in just an awkward angle that Tony can’t pick it up in all of the shadows and whatnot.
Yeah, right.
"This hasn't happened to you before. It dropped three times in such a short period of time," Pepper remarks with a smile. She was of firm belief that Tony's timer would zero out one of these days, and that his timer would firmly work. He supposed that it was nice to have someone else believe in you for you.
“You aren’t happy?” Natasha asks, concern in her voice. “Do you still—?”
“Of course you only remember the speedo,” Steve huffs, rolling his eyes and swatting Tony’s hand from the bucket when Tony tries to reach the third tweet. “You’re shameless. But the only reason my chest was waxed—and I’m surprised that people paid close enough attention to differentiate between fine blond hair and no hair at all—was because of the shirtless scene for the Cap movie.”
Steve gives him an apologetic look that’s angelic enough that Tony throws up his hands. “You absolute troll.”
"That's Hill? Hardass Hill? Like, Deputy Director Maria Hill?" He probably looks like a fish with all of his gaping, but it's fine. What's not fine is that Maria Hill is laughing and grinning with Steve Rogers of all people.
So he doesn't expect Pepper walking out right behind him, matching his quick pace with her killer heels and trying to get a word with him. He expects her to command him to stop, or to talk business with him, or to scold him for his lack of attention. So when she doesn't do any of that, he's surprised.
“Hey,” the bartender protests, throwing a hand up. “I haven't done anything this time.”
Tony boos at Steve when the doors open and Steve unceremoniously brings Tony to his bedroom and dumps him there. Not literally, but close enough.
On that list, there are Rhodey, Mama Rhodes (and literally any member of the Rhodes clan), Pepper, and his therapist. That list used to hold Edwin Jarvis, Ana Jarvis, Yinsen, and O-
Which is why less than a minute later, both of them end up storming down the bar stairs that clearly are marked for employees only, with Rogers fuming and Tony curious. This place is surprisingly clean, albeit a little dark.
“Congratulations,” Natasha sincerely says, smiling at the two of them like a normal person.
Steve smiles. If he had a dime for every time someone asked him this question, Steve would have just about the actual amount of money he earned doing the film itself. “It was very different, but I loved the change in pace. I think a lot of the movies I’ve been are very high-stakes kind of movies in the sense where there’s always action and heavy sequencing driving the movie, so in that sense it wasn’t drastically a change. But a lot of the others involved a lot less heavy emotion, if that makes any sense. Someone could watch the soliloquy scene twenty different times and walk away thinking something different of it each time. And shooting a scene like that wasn’t easy.”
For the most part, both Tony and Rogers—he's actually Steve now, since Pepper and Natasha basically forced them to work out a few differences—act like that day never happened. In fact, Tony's has all but physically erased that memory from his mind, had it not been for the fact that he didn't want to forget how Steve took his temper out on Fury. It turned out that Steve had been right about having vacation, and that SHIELD just wanted to make sure he didn't disappear. Basically, it was Fury trying to remind them who's fife they all marched to, except Steve had gone and put a dent in that.
dirty little secret.” His voice is mocking and harsh, especially when it comes to his superhero alter-ego.
How had he been so blind?
What a shame he never had (or has) Tony in the first place.
He frowns. “I don’t hate you,” he says with the most sincerity Tony’s heard all throughout today. It’s practically sickening at this point.
"Yes," Natasha says, somehow in a mood to acknowledge all of his stupid antics. He's not going to ask about that either. "Yes, that is."
spend the time wondering about his sexuality. Or the fact that Steve had showed up to the mandatory team meeting late and a little disheveled, promptly ending any and all debates about his virginity, but sparking new ones about
He says it all in a thick Brooklyn (was part of it Irish?) accent that Tony never knew Rogers had. Actually, Rogers being this carefree and light, without the stick up his ass and without that permanent scowl was something Tony hasn't even imagined. He thinks he would more sooner believe this was a cheerier, possibly gayer, more carefree and casual clone of Rogers than Rogers himself. Seriously, the sexuality (because why else would Rogers be here at a gay bar like a regular and look so comfortable?) reveal was shocking enough that Tony wondered if he was overthinking it. Maybe Rogers was here as a friend or something... but Tony hadn't even known that Rogers was aware of the mostly accepted LGBTQIA+ community, let alone be someone from the 1940's who accepted it this well. He can't handle this information right now, and—
This is Captain America.
”No,” Steve cuts him off, “Don’t apologize. This is what you do. Push, prod, and poke, because you’re an engineer and someone who tinkers. That is who you are. Don’t apologize for being you.”
Steve laughs at him, and shoes him out and out onto the stage. Tony smiles and goes, happy smile radiating from his entire body. Despite what Peggy on his other side says, he does not have stars in his eyes at the sunshine coming from Tony right now, even if it is nighttime right now. She’s teasing him. Again.
“So how different was it, to go from playing Captain America and Nomad to play Liam Milner?”
“It will,” Tony says kindly, a sad smile on his face belaying his words. He stands there, almost awkwardly like he has no place watching there for the first time that Steve has ever seen him. “Maybe not now, but it will. Somewhere in you probably doesn’t regret hitting submit on the submissions page.”
Tony blinks at how Steve has his number almost perfectly.
He was cut off by Tony experimentally rolling his hips against Steve’s, and Steve let out a moan that he would have been embarrassed by in any other case, had Tony not covered it by kissing him again. He knew that his back was starting to arch a little, so that his body was pressing more and more into Tony’s providing friction for a problem he was avoiding until now.
”Steve, I—” Tony shouldn’t have pushed and he doesn’t know why he keeps doing this to Steve, who despite his ghosts, is a good person and has his own battles to fight without Tony’s help.
“Should I feel honoured?” he asks, putting two and two together. He slides the drink over expertly, deft hands having put it together seconds before.
"Seems like you're real broken up over him," Natasha says, glancing over at Steve again. Damn, she's not going to let this one go until he leaves, and maybe not even then. When she looks at Tony, it's to say
Wait. Not a lie.
“Thank you,” he whispers to Ricardo, who nods and slips back in, driving off. Steve, now alone, looks around in the crowd for Tony, who said that he would be here, right out the window. Hopefully Tony hadn’t been lying or wasn’t confused.
"Number One: Is there someone you like at this little shindig?"
Something on his face must show it, again, because Tony’s eyes immediately flicker back to Steve with a reassuring smile and says something about pictures and autographs. This, Steve can do on reflex, and Tony knows it. So Steve and Tony laugh and take massive selfies, pulling faces and keeping wide smiles alternatively. Tony does a couple individual pictures and themed ones; Steve takes the pictures and secretly basks in the surprise that come from the fans who realize that he can actually take a decent picture no matter the quality of the phone.
care.
Steve's eyes darken with a challenge, and the smirk (only this time it knows something, but what?) returns like it never disappeared into a light smile. He glances in the direction of the clock again, but doesn't seem to lay any attention to it as he looks at Tony again. "You're the genius billionaire playboy philanthropist, you tell
Tony really cannot believe he's being the reasonable one. Nevertheless, Rogers loses some of his tension, and he silently dashes upstairs, leaving Tony downstairs and wondering what the hell kind of day today is. When he finally goes upstairs, Rogers is nowhere to be found and the bartender just gestures out with a glare. Great; he's managed to piss this guy off too, and he made good drinks.
time ago.
”No, Tony, it doesn’t. I’ve always told you that you have a soulmate, and now we know that you do. I know we’ve lost them—”  It's funny how Pepper seems to share responsibility for this, like she was the idiot with an ever-changing timer and absolutely no belief in their soulmate timer or the fact they had one. Like she was the idiot who didn’t bother to look at their timer and let her soulmate slip by. Like she was the idiot who then did all but cry about it, even though she still had no faith in it, “—but it isn’t your fault. You aren’t a bad person or an evil monster and you aren’t the Merchant of Death to deserve this.”
“I don’t have one,” he lies easily, and the words do come easy. “I don’t have to worry.”
“Told you one bed and one room was a good idea,” Laura says as she rolls her eyes affectionately towards Clint. Their soulmate status makes much more sense now.
"Things like visiting hospitals, talking to kids at schools, raising awareness for things like the VA and other causes. I mean, those are the good parts of the job, but they are part of the job. Just as much as talking to the WSO and worldwide governments on how the Avengers are not a threat. Or on how someone's needs to take responsibility for allowing the Mandarin's influence to spread and the nuke on Manhattan." When Tony stares at Steve like Steve has grown a second head, because wow, what the
“I’m here tonight with none other than our leading men, Steve Rogers and Tony Stark! How’s it going for you?” she asks, her bright smile showing off all of her blinding white teeth. But the gleam in her eyes says more about her than anything in her eyes, Steve thinks, because she’s out here for something more than basic tabloid fodder.
Steve's eyes flicker on him with amusement. "Well, a) it's fun, b) I'm fantastic at it, and c) I don't think I would be able to pry you out of your lab every 24 hours, JARVIS and Pepper or not." Suddenly the song changes and he realizes that although the music doesn't call for any 'scandalous' dances, they call for some that involve bodies pressed very close to each other. And Steve doesn't look like he's letting go anytime soon.
"Bucky loved dancing. Bucky loved taking me on double dates that involved dancing. I loved dancing. And I also loved going to clubs all around Brooklyn and finding people to dance with," Steve's face lit up a little at the mention of it, like a man who wished he could go back, and like a man who seemed to be reminiscing past naïveté. "Nineteen thirty-something, yeah."
”Uh, yeah,” Tony says, still sounding strange. “What he said.”
Steve doesn’t even realize that they’ve come for him until he feels Natasha's arms around him, holding him as best as she can when his back his firmly against the wall and acting as support for his leg. Instinctually, he leans off the wall and into her embrace—and Natasha is not know for giving away affection freely. She whispers something in Russian to him, soft enough that even if he knew Russian, he doesn’t think he would have picked up what she had said. But he can make a good guess.
But thanks to Steve, his work wife Pepper, his science husband Bruce,  his best friend Rhodey, and even Happy (because Steve pulled out all the stops, even after Tony tweaked JARVIS to stop Steve just for tonight) Tony was forced to go to sleep last night. And worst of all, tonight, Tony's kind of thankful he did. Even if Tony spent the first half an hour lying in bed wondering what kind of a relationship name Happy should have. Security bro? Hmm, he is going to have to ask Happy about that.
"Then what do you do?" Tony asks, completely puzzled. "And in what sense are you talking about?"
“Haven't you figured it out yet, Tony?” Steve asks, his dark, tired voice doing things to Tony that really shouldn’t be done.
”Oh,” her breath catches in surprise, “Oh, Tony, that’s delightful, I knew you had a soulmate, I can’t wai—”
Steve reaches over and pulls the last sticker himself. Tony squawks in protest. “Is Steve Rogers a Christian?” He tries hard not to laugh, but fails. The way it’s phrased makes him unable to control his laughter.
"Blasphemy."
“36 years ago, Barbara Streisand won this same award, and in those 36 same years, not a single woman has had the honor to hold this award in her triumph. I know as I say this, there are always the detractors who say that women are not qualified to hold this trophy and their hands and proudly smile; they are the same people who dare say that Barbara Streisand was not worthy, and the same who will later say I am not worthy. Oh, but we
Steve scrolls. “Oh my god,” he says in the midst of reading through the comments, trying to find a question, period. “There are so many hearts. I don’t understand. Why are there so many hearts? I’m one step away from crying and everyone’s sending me hearts. Send me tissues, guys. Really need them. Okay. Wow. I haven’t found a single word in a minute. And... here!”
"It's not Clint, is it?" Tony asks with a sudden growing horror. "Because Clint knows."
) loves Rogers, and think he's completely adorable. Pepper—Tony still can't believe she betrayed him—likes Steve enough that they go out to art museums whenever there's a new exhibit at one of them. Even Hill, the poster girl for glares and not cracking a single smile, has been caught smiling or smirking at Steve.
Steve lashes for a second and then deems the number of people watching perfect to start going through what he wants.
“Not in my kitchen! Arm’s length for Jesus!” Clint yells.
“Hey everyone, I’m Steve Rogers and the idiot next to me is,” Steve says, waiting for Tony to finish the rest of the sentence like they had rehearsed.
"Bucky loved dancing. Bucky loved taking me on double dates that involved dancing. I loved dancing. And I also loved going to clubs all around Brooklyn and finding people to dance with," Steve's face lit up a little at the mention of it, like a man who wished he could go back, and like a man who seemed to be reminiscing past naïveté. "Nineteen thirty-something, yeah."
“You think I walked out of that alright,” Steve slowly says, a haunting expression coming over his face. “Because there wasn’t anything to bounce back from. Natasha saw remnants of a past that had been washed out of her by brainwashing and locked away in shackles, because that’s how she lives, by not thinking about it at all. Thor saw a future where he failed, but it hadn’t occurred to him before this, had it? And he saw something in there that’s going to distract him from his dream. Bruce saw a Harlem where he killed Betty. Do you know the last time Bruce worried about Harlem specifically? 2012. And then we helped him out of it. She spent minutes on them, reading their minds and pulling thoughts out.” He laughs. “She spent twenty four seconds on me, twenty seconds too many with the number of times I’ve seen that nightmare and the number of waking moments I think about it.“
Tony stepped right into his space and kissed him. Steve reacted within a split-second and closed his eyes, tipping his head back as he let Tony take and
“He’s 6’2”, blond, blue eyes, muscles on muscles, uptight personality with a great ass, and probably not here,” Tony describes as the other man’s smirk deepens, somehow recognizing the description and knowing full well who is being described.
Steve snaps out of it intensely enough to give someone else whiplash. Tony’s always known for being in his head, but no one seems to realize that
Steve freezes and stares at Tony, unable to speak at the shocking news.
Steve gestures to the apartment all around him with a hand, waving frantically everywhere. The same commenters sends a thumbs up emoji.
"Yes," Natasha says, somehow in a mood to acknowledge all of his stupid antics. He's not going to ask about that either. "Yes, that is."
"What is it now?" Pepper curiously asks, gesturing to her wrist with a discreet motion. Even though he had taken his cuff off during the meeting when he felt it change and then hidden his wrist so no one could see, he never hid it from Pepper or Rhodey, who knew. And even still, she never looked, never breached that trust, and never tried to glance at it, even though he had let her. And even though she could see it right now if she wanted to, she didn't.
—and asks, “Do I look lost?”
Two hours later, the story completely changes. Both of them are drunk, him more so than her only because she’s drunken what seems like two glasses and he’s drunken what seems like two bottles to a normal person.
Oh, Steve is good.
“S’not my fault,” Steve mutters, and it is Tony who laughs this time. God, he’s in love with a self-sacrificing, reckless, stubborn idiot and that combination makes for some interesting,
“I don’t know why he does it when he knows Natasha’s going to yell at him. And Laura, I suppose,” Steve sighs, shaking his head. “The constant fear alone make up for how uncomfortable they can be sometimes. Then again, I don’t think he has much to fear this time around.”
Which is why less than a minute later, both of them end up storming down the bar stairs that clearly are marked for employees only, with Rogers fuming and Tony curious. This place is surprisingly clean, albeit a little dark.
"Seems like you're real broken up over him," Natasha says, glancing over at Steve again. Damn, she's not going to let this one go until he leaves, and maybe not even then. When she looks at Tony, it's to say
“It’s about time,” Fury comments, surfacing from behind Banner.
“Yet the element of the romance shapes the entire movie,” Kat counters, and Steve realizes that she doesn’t let people forget easily that she’s a journalist at their weakest moments. She’s cunning, not just a fan. “In fact, critics and fans alike say that the romance between Liam Milner and Dominic Galan was one of the best romances on screen that they’ve watched on screen in a long time.”
"Captain Rogers is currently in Washington D.C. for SHIELD. His new assignment there begins today."
Tony pretends to not notice when Steve leans in imperceptibly closer, and he doesn’t complain either.
“I’m doing the next one,” Tony states, and he pulls out one. “Whoa, all caps. Never have I ever screamed ‘daddy’ accidentally so loud than when I saw Steve Rogers with his fine ass beard and his body on that massive screen.”
to him, easy and natural. He doesn’t know what to think.
. Natasha's there, the new guy's there, and both of them look at Tony with equal expressions of worry on their faces. God, he doesn’t even know what’s worse: the heavy feeling in his chest at watching Steve fall off the helicarrier, or the blatantly unmasked expression of pain and sadness on Natasha’s face. He doesn't know what to make of it. So he leans against the door and listens to the story pour out of the two, and even they only know pieces of what happened. What truly happened on the Insight helicarrier is locked in Steve's brain. And Steve is unconscious with injuries that would have killed a normal person twice or thrice over. Tony can’t look at him without wanting to beat the shit out of HYDRA
“Can one of these be about you?” Steve asks, pulling out a fifth one and finding that it was about him. On a suspicion, he dumps all of them out, and at quick glance, they all seem to be about him. He stares at the camera, unimpressed like he’s on the Office. “I’ve been set
It's maybe nine at night and people are just beginning to have fun and loosen up. There's alcohol flowing freely from the bar that Natasha has ever so graciously offered to work, people talking and laughing everywhere, a game of billiards where Barton would be fleecing the others had they been betting money with how well he's playing, music playing thanks to JARVIS working his coded magic, and everyone having a good time. Except Steve, now that Tony looks around for him like a good host. Because he isn't there, not yet.
Tony pretends to sulk, but uses the tactic to steal a tweet from the bucket. He waves it in the air in triumph, too gleeful about it, Steve thinks. Why is he this eager to read them? Does he know something Steve doesn’t?
. Which means... Tony—”
Steve takes a break from his HYDRA hunt on the first of July with Sam and without the Winter Soldier. Right in time for his birthday and the party that Tony’s throwing him. Really, Tony wishes he could have planned the timing this well.
isn't also the best for anyone's lust levels, so he doesn't know yet.
Tony doesn’t say that he already knows this.
Kat considers this. “Fair,” she says. “But I think that a reason why people view it as a good relationship, and a stunning romance was because of the chemistry that the two of you have together. Every single scene that the two of you had together were scenes that all but rippled tension to viewers from the screens. I mean, how was it for you guys, shooting scenes that were dark and intense?”
Steve and Tony aren't friends, not by a long shot and both of them know it. The only things that have changed is that they won't yell at each other every time they talk to each other, and sometimes he'll listen to Steve on the field. Otherwise, they still hate and despise each other to some degree. But, it's possible that in the distant future, they could be friends. Maybe. Everything's still on paper-thin ice.
Something her face shifts, but Tony can't see the quick emotion that races across her face, disappearing just as quickly. Natasha carefully sets down her tea, picks up the cup he’s dropped, carefully places it next to hers, and then hugs him.
“The—she showed me something that I wasn’t prepared to see,” Tony reveals reluctantly. “The end of the path that I set us on.” Those words to Fury were fitting, in what he had said.
Steve is unimpressed. He’s already had the realization that tiddies mean his pecs, which people have told him at length about before, especially when drunk. Wishing he could say that this was the first time someone told him to get a sports bra, he crumpled the tweet from Tony’s hands and threw it in the bucket again.
“Are you calling me a
He likes Steve. A lot more than—oh holy mother of fuck he
out of this. And be sure to leave questions on my Instagram post, I’ll be answering a few of those as well that I hadn’t got to here!”
“Hey Rogers, we gotta make it actually onto the carpet,” Tony says after he’s done snickering and making jokes to the fans about Steve’s love of dogs. “You know how much trouble we’ll be in if ‘Ria and Pep don’t see us in that carpet for our movie?”
“Is Steve Rogers,” Tony reads off, and sure enough there are six questions on the board that all start with the same thing. Tony pulls the first little sticker off and continues with, “Dead.” He bursts into laughter, almost dropping the card.
“Oh,” her voice stops in shock and pity and sadness and oh god, he does not deserve the saintly goddess that is Pepper Potts, “Tony. Are you okay? Do you want me to post a search on SoulFirst? I’m sure someone has posted a zeroing already that might match yours. Where were you?”
Steve holds his hands up, showing the lack of a ring around any of them. “Actually,” he dryly says, “I’ve been married to Peggy Carter since we were eighteen and you just can’t see our rings because they’re clear. Our anniversary was last week. It was our tenth anniversary.”
Soulmates.
Tony is still laughing. “Come on, that one was pretty good.”
Steve likes it here, Tony knows that much. Right now, as he’s sitting right next to Steve and watching the Hunger Games so that Steve and Thor can understand Clint’s nickname, he can just tell that Steve like it here. He can at least tolerate being here.
"I think he's the average height for a guy."
Does Steve really need to drag Tony out of his workshop every single time he comes to the Tower? No. Does Steve really need to bodily life Tony out of said workshop when Tony doesn’t come voluntarily? No. Does Steve really need to call Pepper every single time the armor fights him off? Does Steve really need to have JARVIS on his side after Pepper bans Tony from using the armor to fight Steve off? No. Does it all happen anyway? Yes. Unfortunately.
“Shut
So Tony does, and he's proud to say that he can more than easily hold his own with Steve thanks to all of those dance classes when he was younger. "Why are you suddenly helping me with this?"
"Captain-y things? What captain-y things?"
“Ooh,
Really, the man is an insufferable, nonagenarian, self-sanctimonious dickhead who has a stick shoved so far up his ass that x-rays probably think he has two spines. Steven Grant Rogers? He's more like Steve 'Goddamnit' Rogers. Fucking jerk. Can't take a single joke, can't accept any kind of an invitation to live at the Tower, can't do anything but yell at Tony; that's who Rogers is. Of course, he's got America and the entire fucking world wrapped around his pinky finger and has them all believing that he's some bastion of apple pie, kindness, and cat-saving goodness. Rogers is a rude, old-fashioned prick, and Tony knows that no one is going to believe him.
Still no Rogers, and Tony’s disappointed his system has lied to him. He eyes the newly freed, bloodless stool right near the handsome bartender and decides he can use a drink. Tony orders and watches the bartender do a double take, rolling his eyes.
"Things like visiting hospitals, talking to kids at schools, raising awareness for things like the VA and other causes. I mean, those are the good parts of the job, but they are part of the job. Just as much as talking to the WSO and worldwide governments on how the Avengers are not a threat. Or on how someone's needs to take responsibility for allowing the Mandarin's influence to spread and the nuke on Manhattan." When Tony stares at Steve like Steve has grown a second head, because wow, what the
“Lost, Rogers? You’re wandering like a confused puppy,” Tony greets him with an exaggerated wink that everyone around them eats up with clamors of questions and declarations of love. The camera flashes increase even more in number, Steve vaguely realizes as he finds himself blinking a little too often at the light.
As he looks out the window, he sees that they’ve already made it onto the red carpet. Now there are only a few minutes left to steel himself for the ongoing slaughter of reporters, press, and interviews he will undoubtedly have to face. Sometimes, the press is the most daunting thing he has to do for a movie, and after three long weeks of exclusively traveling and promoting Centre of The World, he can’t wait for it to be over. Thank god that it’s only been three. Steve wants go back home—at this point, if someone asks him which home, he honestly doesn’t care—slump into his couch, throw his feet up on the table, and watch all the television shows people keep telling him to watch.
”We’re coming to the Tower in a few days. Don’t do anything stupid, don’t die, or I will personally find a way to deliver an Iron Man suit to Hammer. Steve wishes you a Happy New Year, by the way, and he apologizes for the bad start.” She hung up right as he heard the sound of bullets. He pointedly did not think about what they were doing and why Steve had called at such an awkward time if he thought Tony was dead, though it was hard to keep himself from laughing bitterly at how Steve had apologized like it was his fault any of this happened.
“It will be okay,” she murmurs softly. “Your mother would be proud of you. I met her a few times and something tells me that she would be calling you a fool for shedding tears on her behalf. Chin up. It will be okay.”
No one really thinks of Tony as a people-observant kind of person, and they’re probably right in doing so, but there are some things he pays attention to. Steve; Steve is just one of them, and Tony has known since Day Two or Three (hey, cut Tony some slack here; Day One was a mess involving aliens) that Steve wasn’t too comfortable or happy here. Tony really couldn’t blame him. But as time passed, and everyone made an effort to know Steve and Steve seemed to make
"Well, the only two people left I can't really see are you and me, and it can't be you, and it can't be—”
Tony walks away before Natasha says anything, because he sees one of Pepper's 'must schmooze' guests and they're free for the first time of all of tonight. He's been threatened to go through the list of 'must schmooze' guests on pain of 24 hour days and her alerting both Bruce and Steve. And considering that he doesn't want 24 days or that he doesn't want to see Steve often, he's going to go through it.
“Okay, okay,” she says after they’re done playing her game. They’ve just lost, since Tony somehow lost his graceful form and mannerisms within the timeframe of this game. Steve’s kind of miffed; he had thought that they were going to win easily. “I think we’ve skirted around the biggest question and shocking plot point that everyone has been talking about, the very same one that has launched you two and the movie into the spotlight.”
At least, this is what Tony tells himself when he's sitting in a mission briefing room with everyone else while Fury is yelling at the man about where Rogers is. Apparently he's not responding to his phone, and someone (Tony) has removed all of SHEILD's trackers so they can't even place him. For the first time, Rogers isn't here with a call to fight. Tony would be smirking and cracking jokes if it weren't for the fact that Fury had just ordered them to go find Rogers and bring him here to HQ. Though, picturing the dressing down Rogers was going to get after it was worth the yelling.
Steve laughs. "You lost last time. Eager to do it again?"
”Yeah, well, I’m an asshole who doesn’t—”
“Steve pet a dog for ten minutes,” Tony says, smiling innocently when Steve groans and pretends to walks away.
Sooner or later, Clint and Natasha drift up to him and he's too used to it to even jump up in surprise.
In that time, he feels Tony stop right next to him on his right, and kneel just like Steve is doing.
”Oh Tony,” she comforts, “The world doesn’t deserve you, with all that it does to you.”
"Last time you did this was the gala! That was three days ago!"
But it’s nothing surprising. Somehow, Tony has this way of making press and fame seem less stressful, like Steve’s anxiety quietens under Tony’s presence. Tony just makes Steve’s mind want to shut up and focus on him, his words, his flashing smile, his dazzling words, his expressive eyes that communicate
Steve’s about to find a new question, a happier one, when he hears the door open and close. Tony. On reflex, he leans back against the sofa and leans against it hard enough that it moves back, so he can see Tony walk in. Granted, Steve’s head is also tipped back like crazy, like he’s baring his throat to the camera, but he’s also been told it’s a flattering angle—it’s fine.
Steve smirks and shakes his head. "Your Pepper-ordained 'must socialize' list. I've been going through a few people who are lower priority on it, but then Lucinda Reyes got me for a dance, so I thought, why not?" He looks like he wants to say something else but, then apparently sees something out of the corner of his eye and then stops talking.
"You could have led with that," Tony yawns, blinking at himself.
And then the revelation hits him harder than one of Steve’s punches.
“Only if you want it to be,” Steve says, finally peeling off the stubborn sticker. “Okay. Is Tony Stark... Italian?”
“I’m telling Pepper and Sam,” Natasha merely smirks.
Tony flickers his attention over to Natasha, not wanting to be any more obvious, and sends her a seductive smile that both of them know means nothing. "Why don't you do me wrong? I bet it'll feel right." With that stupidly cheesy line, he stifles the urge to grin at himself and break the game Natasha's playing.
"You know, I like manhandling as much as the next kinky person, but if it happens, I really want some sex to go with it," Tony says.
“You mean Steve’s ability to rock the bloody murderer look? I think we covered that?” Tony jokes, because it’s true. They’ve spent the last hour talking about everything from their wide repertoire of roles and how Liam and Dominic were so far out of them, they’ve talked about their fellow castmates and how amazing it was to work with each and everyone one of them, they’ve talked about set and shooting, they’ve also talked about how chilling the movie itself was. But there’s one glaring thing about the movie that they haven’t talked about.
Steve stops short, trying to stop himself from crying a new round of tears. He looks up and swallows hard, counting to five before he deems himself fit to speak again without tearing up. Voice wavering and all, he opens his mouth to speak and prays that somewhere, he has the strength to finish talking.
"That's not an answer," Tony points out stubbornly, following Steve's lead on the waltz (waltz?) as the song style changes.
This is a revelation on top of everything else he's learned today. Unfortunately, he's going to have to table it and focus with the issue at hand: Fury still needs Rogers.
"Come on," Steve says. "There's no way you're not sleeping within the next hour."
dirty little secret.” His voice is mocking and harsh, especially when it comes to his superhero alter-ego.
"Can you...," Tony pauses dramatically, "Do the Lindy Hop?"
“I bet they do,” Steve mumbles, trying to will down his blush at Tony’s words. “I bet.”
"No," Steve says, amused. "I don't quite think they'll mind at all."
“It’s a livestream,” Steve repeats much more slowly, enunciating each and every word because he’s a bastard. But he nods almost imperceptibly to Tony, so that his boyfriend doesn’t start worrying that Steve’s upset that he’s been technically outed to everyone. “So say hi. They’ve all watched you fix your hair; there’s no hiding now.”
“Stark is German,” Steve points out. “Means strong. Don’t ask me how I know that. Someone, somewhere once told me. Anyway. Next one. Is Tony Stark done being Iron Man?”
“It was the stuff out of my deepest fantasies,” he says with a smirk, pretending to struggle with keeping a straight face at Tony’s expression. “Kissing Tony Stark was like a thing off the bucket list, you know, right below punching Hitler or going to the moon. He’s such a
Steve doesn’t take it. Instead, he just looks sad as he looks away. “I woke up from the ice with this.”
“It’s just—the question makes it seem like something inherently scandalous and taboo. Is Steve Rogers... a Christian?” Steve does his best imitation of someone clutching their pearls in horror at the end of the question. “Someone’s making it out to seem like I’m a cannibal or something. And by the way, is Steve Rogers a cannibal? No. Dear god, no.”
“Hey, I had help,” Steve tries to defend himself.
"Yeah, and male?" Tony bluffs again, because Natasha had said that no one else knew and not to give it away. So he can't say anything.
"You should dance with me," Steve suggests, a smirk on his face and a very flirtatious look in his eyes that's all but challenging Tony. "As a thank-you, you know. Heard it's the polite thing to do."
“I know,” Tony says, trying to alleviate Steve’s guilt, and god, is this what’s eating at Steve? “I found a video when I was pulling files out about the Avengers. And a file.”
"Are you sure you aren't deliberately fucking with me? Because I refuse to believe you've thought of everyone and come up blank."
”Are you—are you trying to bribe me into healing?”
"Is this guy wearing black?"
“Depends,” Tony responds, downing a third in one shot. “I was looking for a friend, but maybe trouble’s what I want.”
Kat knows it, Steve and Tony know it, and so does the audience for how they boo and make faces.
Though, with the way that Steve is looking like he stepped out of a photoshoot perfectly attractive right now, in that indigo two-piece suit, it isn't hard to see why people flock to him. Seriously, Tony needs to find out whoever does Steve's wardrobe, or even whoever helped him with that suit. It's a necessary task now. Very necessary.
and then laughs bitterly. “You think I don't know that? But do you really think that
“Um,” Steve says, subtly scooting away from Tony who is clutching his stomach with how hard he is laughing. “No, no I am not. No matter what I look like in the morning, I am not. Tony, stop that!” He pulls the card away from him and swats him with it, trying to get Tony to stop.
"Alright, so he doesn't stand out too much, then, in this crowd." Tony realizes that's not a question, so he tacks on, "Right?"
Tony gapes for what must be the fifth or sixth time that night. "You did what?" He wasn't even aware that Steve knew about the list, let alone was helping Tony with the list. "She did what?"
Tony’s face loses all colour, and his hands drop from his hair. “What?” he asks, sounding horrified. “It’s a what now?”
"Anyone with eyes wants to fuck him in that suit," Clint bluntly says. "But you want to get him every other time too."
Tony looks around as discretely as he can and finds that no one meets the criteria that he already knows of. "Are you sure that you're not lying to me? Because there's no one here that I can see."
Tony wants to backtrack, backtrack, backtrack faster than he can think or even handle right now. “Fury—”
Steve's face lights up in a devious gleam as he says, "Oh, I think I will."
Tony laughs again, probably at Steve’s dumb face and outraged expression. He picks one off the table and reads it. “Oh this one’s like a fill-in-the-blanks. It goes blank me in-slash-on the blank Steve Rogers, all lower case.”
Steping onto the relatively clean floors of the entrance—that he knows get dirtier the farther in the bar someone goes—Tony is instantly caught by the smell of cheap, watered-down beer and sex. He glances at the musty wooden walls that enclose the bar, save for the chipped stone and metal one behind the bartenders, and then the unflattering golden lights that everyone knows used to be white. There’s something on the edges of the only two free stools that he isn’t sure is blood or not. Sometimes, he wonders how this place still manages to escape health safety, and then the owner of this place always pops into his mind. Talk about a manipulative, charming bastard.
"You're basically describing Clint."
“Very nice,” Peggy tells him as he sits back down. The Howlies nod their support, and all in all, the miss the next performance on stage because of their whispering to Tony. No one, thankfully, picks up on it, enraptured by whatever performance it is that is on stage right now.
Where the hell did these thoughts about Steve come from? Why the fuck does he want to fuck Steve until he couldn't walk right, super soldier or no? What even happened to disliking Steve and taking their glacier-like friendship and actually turning into a friendship? Why does Tony even care? Oh fuck, he cannot be lusting over Steve.
Steve jumps from his seat to grab the bucket of tweets before Tony can, and all but cradles it. “Really?” Steve asks, feeling the camera panning in on his expaserated face. “You couldn’t have at least done better?
Tony spends the next weeks hiding from Steve every time Steve wears tight clothing, but he definitely does
Steve raises an eyebrow, eyes him with a speculative look, and then answers, "Nope."
Just as he is about to leave the room, Steve peeks back, having thought of something. Those eyes look at Tony again dead-on, really seeing Tony and leaving him bare open. Tony wonders why Steve never lets himself stop at the exterior, why Steve tries time and time again to see Tony as the broken monster he really is. Steve leaves.
"Who are you showing off to?" Tony asks slyly, starting his eyes around to try and see if Steve will blush at the insinuation. "Is there someone you're trying to impress?"
Steping onto the relatively clean floors of the entrance—that he knows get dirtier the farther in the bar someone goes—Tony is instantly caught by the smell of cheap, watered-down beer and sex. He glances at the musty wooden walls that enclose the bar, save for the chipped stone and metal one behind the bartenders, and then the unflattering golden lights that everyone knows used to be white. There’s something on the edges of the only two free stools that he isn’t sure is blood or not. Sometimes, he wonders how this place still manages to escape health safety, and then the owner of this place always pops into his mind. Talk about a manipulative, charming bastard.
"Ooh. Now we're talking, Rogers. Okay, hmm, do you know if this guy has any kind of an interest in you?"
”I don’t know who it is,” he cuts in between, before she can congratulate him and then rub it in.
The question remains on why Rogers would be at it, since nothing about a gay bar would go along with his old constitution.
"Who do you take me for?" Tony asks, offended at the insinuation. "A, no matter how much I don't like him that's a dick move, especially considering how I found out. B, I'm not about to ruin the dreams of millions of women around the world."
“I—” Steve says in automatic protest, but one look at Tony’s face has him quiet again, sucking in a breath and expelling it slowly. Tony lets go of him, stepping back a footstep or two, hands awkwardly untangling themselves from Steve. It isn’t until they’re gone that Steve misses their warmth. It isn’t until Tony musters up a smile, weak as it is for how concerned Tony evidently is still for Steve, that Steve sees the sadness in Tony’s own expression, the conflict and guilt on Tony’s face that he doesn’t understand. It isn’t until Steve sees the tightness in the way Tony’s eyes are crinkling with his fake smile that Steve realizes that he isn’t the only one mourning his ma. Maybe it’s hurting for Tony just to see Steve so visibly shaken.
Steve's face lights up in a devious gleam as he says, "Oh, I think I will."
Though, with the way that Steve is looking like he stepped out of a photoshoot perfectly attractive right now, in that indigo two-piece suit, it isn't hard to see why people flock to him. Seriously, Tony needs to find out whoever does Steve's wardrobe, or even whoever helped him with that suit. It's a necessary task now. Very necessary.
The man points to the blond coming out of the bathroom and comments, “You know, everyone knows who Steve is.”
The blond's expression is icy cold as he snaps, “Don't tell me Fury called me in; he gave me a mandatory two week vacation that's to be obeyed unless aliens attack. Sky's still intact and all, so that isn't it.”
Tony’s blood runs cold. This is eerily like his story, and it can’t be, it really can’t be. And yet, this makes so much sense on why he hadn’t found them, even after combing through all the lists and footage and people. This makes the love and the pining for Steve have context and meaning, and maybe he actually has a shot. Like breathing, he’s always called it, and that explains why he’s always wondered what soulmate love was like if it was supposed to be stronger than this and he thought nothing could be stronger. His heart speeds up. Goddamn, he has a heart condition and this is bad for him.
.” Tony tries to imitate Steve as he says that.
Tony pretends to fan himself with his hand. “Rogers, who doesn’t remember the speedo and the shirtless scene?”
u thnk if i tell ppl that u & i wl pnt the twn red, theyll blieve me?
He has to hide his laughter with a hand, and then resorts to covering his face with both hands to hide his red expression. He’s laughing too hard, he knows it, goddamn. At least everyone knows he’s an absolute idiot already.
“It looked like it had been planned,” Kat says in amazement. “Normally in movies I know they have choreographers to block movements out, especially ones as high-energy and charged as yours. It takes planning and extreme coordination to make everything look good, so that you did it without any such preparation is astonishing. My next question, I guess, was how much of that was faked? If you had had to make it real, how of it
Steve—bastard—cuts him off halfway and stands right in his way. "I've gotten to her already," he says, making sure that no one else can hear in the middle of the room. "Tough woman, by the way. I didn't think she'd crack."
me find him and he—”
, but, well, there's only three people on there he wishes could still be on there (and for that matter, also alive). That list, he thinks, may soon be expanded to hold a fifth person. Even if said fifth person doesn't even realize that they're on it. Mainly because they aren't here, at the tower, more often than not.
The sound of a phone being snatched filled the air.
"Yes," Steve says unashamedly. "And don't you dare even ask, because I'm not doing it." Damn, and just when Steve had been entertaining him and his stupid question this night. Tony wanted to press his luck elsewhere.
"I think Thor would have liked him better," Steve says, wrinkling his nose at the memory. "More of a feast and fuck type. I thought it was a causal hookup, and then he brought me to a local restaurant from his apartment, so I was wondering if he wanted to date, but then we went back to his apartment and then I realized it wasn't so... that's five questions by the way."
Tony starts to ask him what made him stop, because all that he can see in that direction is a clock and this isn't Cinderella, but Steve beats him to the point once again.
He stops short of saying something and then drops a bag of clothes and supplies to the ground. Steve shakes his head, thinking better of it and then pulls off his shirt, tossing it in a little basket to the side. He grabs a cotton tee, underwear, a pair of old man plaid pajamas, then heads towards the shower in Romanoff and Bruce’s room. All the tenseness from his body leaves in a wave that leaves Tony reeling in how much has changed.
“You’re not denying the puppy part,” Tony retorts. Much louder, he asks, “What do you think? Is he more like a golden retriever or a lab?”
"Why are you bringing up Clint again? He's not... no, just no."
"Not half-bad, huh?" Steve counters with a smirk that says he doesn't believe Tony. Leaning in a little closer, he whispers, "You're going to have to try a lot harder if you want answers with compliments like that."
Tony the flips it so that the cameras—and Steve—can see what’s on the card.
"Brunette, blond, redhead, noirette, what?"
here.”
"Yeah, I know he does."
“You guessed it in one,” the bartender says, before someone down the left end of the counter calls for him, rather impatiently and rudely. But Tony can't really say he expects any different from the people here; that's the nature of this place. “He's behind you, by the way. You'll recognize him.”
Steve eyes the camera and deadpans, “If you think I can wear a sports bra underneath the tight shirts they give me, you’re wrong. Besides. Free the nipple.” He winks. Tony sits up a little straighter in his chair, his laughter fading into a smirk.
Tony smiles and says goodbye to the latest couple and then goes to find Steve, who he thinks might make this night less painful.
"Well, if it isn't my favorite two Avengers," he drawls, managing an exasperated roll of his eyes.
”It was for the suit, but I...” Tony trails off the sentence, letting Steve fill in the blanks that he blew them all up.
“Who think that Erik Lensherr shouldn’t have been my father in the movie?” Steve fills in for her, half-guilty for interrupting. But it’s kind of a pressure point for him, especially given the fact that Erik’s help had been innumerable to him. “I swear, if he didn’t belong in the movie, then neither did I. He fell into character perfectly on set, with such a level of professionalism I can only
And Captain America hates Tony Stark just as much as Tony Stark despises Captain America.
SHIELD. HYDRA. Steve. Super-Soldier Serum. Natasha. Falcon. Fugitives. Ex-fugitives. James Buchanan Barnes. The Winter Soldier. SHIELD Info Dump. Howard. Maria. Murdered. Fury. Hill. SHIELD. Disaster.
. Instead, he says, "I wasn't saying they were going to date."
“Uh huh,” Rogers says with such amused disbelief that it's hard to even picture what the expression on his face is. “And my
"Not half-bad, huh?" Steve counters with a smirk that says he doesn't believe Tony. Leaning in a little closer, he whispers, "You're going to have to try a lot harder if you want answers with compliments like that."
Steve sighs. He knows the look that the person is talking about. He takes the tweet from Tony’s hands and the tweet on the table, crumples them, and throws them back in the bucket. “No,” he says after. “Do you remember when I was on the Nomad movie, there was the beginning when I hadn’t gone full brown yet? It was like, my normal blond on the top floofy bit, like the bangs, and then the roots looked brown in the light? And then the beard was brown and everyone questioned if I wasn’t a natural blond or something?”
“You’re putting on a brave face,” Tony accuses him, “Stop doing that. I just outed our relationship; I outed you.”
The man points to the blond coming out of the bathroom and comments, “You know, everyone knows who Steve is.”
Somehow, he had gotten Natasha to tolerate him and smile at him, Clint to easily trust him (despite the fucked-upness the mind control thing), Bruce to let go some of that tight control around him, and Thor to follow him during the battle. In the month and a half later, Steve already had won everyone over, whether they realized it or not, and whether they wanted to be won over or not. Tony belatedly realized that included him.
? I don’t think it’s seven. You’re... April, and I’m—” he coughs the month loudly, “—which means that closer to a few and a half years closer.
“Do we get the cards now?” Tony asks, talking to the guy behind the camera who has been staring at Steve’s general abdominal area from the moment that Steve sat down in the chair. The woman standing next to the cameraman whips out the cards out of nowhere and hands one to Tony.
"I'm going to go find his shield," Tony mumbles, needing an excuse to get out of there. He just couldn’t see Steve right now, couldn’t think about Steve right now, couldn’t do anything but shut out everything he had learned in the past eight hours. Denial, right?
He grins as Tony continues on and says, "It’s at the Tower, by the way. Found the damn thing, but I’m only giving it back if you come and get it.”
“I—right,” Steve says blankly, “She’s a presenter. That’s how she got backstage. How did you get backstage, here?”
For the most part, both Tony and Rogers—he's actually Steve now, since Pepper and Natasha basically forced them to work out a few differences—act like that day never happened. In fact, Tony's has all but physically erased that memory from his mind, had it not been for the fact that he didn't want to forget how Steve took his temper out on Fury. It turned out that Steve had been right about having vacation, and that SHIELD just wanted to make sure he didn't disappear. Basically, it was Fury trying to remind them who's fife they all marched to, except Steve had gone and put a dent in that.
”Steve, why are you telling me this?” Tony asks, still staring at Steve’s wrist.
"And what about Steve?" Tony casually asks, wondering if she'll indulge him this.
and then laughs bitterly. “You think I don't know that? But do you really think that
“Every time I book a movie I just want to call you and tell you everything that I can and you’re not there,” Steve says, “I just... this was you just as much as it was me and you’re not here for it. Centre of the World did so well and I wish you could have seen it. You would have been proud of me, I hope, that I did something out of my league. No one thought I should have taken the role, but you would have told me to take it. You would have loved the movie. Got a Golden Globe for it.”
"Okay," Tony slowly says. "That's-that's good for her."
“Oh my god,” Tony groans. “I feel old.”
Sooner or later, Clint and Natasha drift up to him and he's too used to it to even jump up in surprise.
Rogers makes his way over with a smirk, not noticing Tony yet. He laughs casually as he gives the bartender a good natured grin. “Rafi,” he admonishes with a roll of his eyes as he slides sideways in the space between two bar patrons. He leans against the counter with his back to Tony, arm on the table and propping up the left side of his face, still oblivious, and jokingly chides, “Y'know, one of these days you should stop tellin' people to come an' find me. I might start carin' an' chargin' ya for somethin' or another.”
“So while the two of you, and the entire cast and crew of Centre of the World, were on your week of silence,” Kat Farrell, the late night talk show host says, “I’m guessing you missed generally every single word that was said about the movie?”
Yeah, Tony went there. He’s tried everything he can think of to get Steve to stay, and nothing is just working. Tony can’t understand why on earth Steve would want to stay in his lonely, small, cramped, probably bugged, SHIELD-assigned apartment instead of Tony’s populous, large, sprawling, not bugged, SHIELD-free Tower. It doesn’t make any sense, and Tony knows that logically, there has to be something he isn’t hitting yet that he soon will.
Tony gasps dramatically. "Has Steve been holding out on science days with Bruce and I? And just because Bruce is my science boyfriend doesn't mean we're fucking. At least I think we aren't. I would know, right? Yeah, I would."
“Hey Tony,” Steve says with a soft smile, lighting up as he walks in.
Steve doesn’t even seem to notice. “I have to tell you something,” he seriously says, “I should have told you of a suspicion from the beginning about HYDRA but I thought maybe it was paranoia and I didn’t realize just what or who had... and...”
“How long did it take, shooting that soliloquy?” she asks. “There is currently a running debate on several social media platforms that it isn’t the same one each and every time that the scene appears during the movie. I think I might have to agree, with how nuanced each instance feels when watching.”
, and not
"It'll go up soon," Tony says. "Remember that time it said I had a day?"
Tony has no clue what to do.
Tony merely smirks, so Steve smiles and then straightens himself back out, sitting properly on the couch. “Sorry, guys, I thought I was going to be the only one here right now. Apparently not. Which brings me to the next question, by toonieandsteeb, which I probably didn’t say right. Wait a second. That’s... that’s just me and Tony. Steeb. God. Steeb.”
“Oh!” Tony says, “And the only reason people stopped talking about it was because Natasha posted that picture of you in that speedo. I think the only reason I remember that is because people started to ask why your chest had no hair whatsoever.”
, and it is at this point when he
“Tell me,” Steve said, wrapping his arms around Tony’s back from habit (but again, not with Tony). “I want—”
Steve looks out the window again and sees that he has less than a minute before he has to get out and walk the carpet. A buzz from his phone has him looking down just as his chauffeur for the night rolls down the window and notifies him of the seconds he has left until he has to do just that.
“Are you... are you sure? I—I can’t ask you to help me find him and I can’t ask you to—”
“Stuttgart Hall? Okay, it’s in, and I’ll have JARVIS update you? It’ll be alright, Tony. We’ll find them.” Pepper assuredly says.
"Put it through, J," Tony said. "Hello? Steve?"
Somehow Steve has gotten it in his head that Tony is incapable of functioning past 36 hours of no sleep. Bastard. What an absolute bastard. Doesn't he know who Tony is? 36 hours is absolutely nothing, and besides, he has things he needs to be doing. And not just because he's trying to avoid Steve. He's on the verge of finalizing the design for Clint's collapsible bow to work with the explosive arrows correctly.
"Are they aware of—”
“You guessed it in one,” the bartender says, before someone down the left end of the counter calls for him, rather impatiently and rudely. But Tony can't really say he expects any different from the people here; that's the nature of this place. “He's behind you, by the way. You'll recognize him.”
“You’re supposed to be a blank,” she says, with her eyes slightly widened.
He stops. Flounders. Stares. It can’t be. Can it?
So Tony invites Steve to a party he's throwing at the Tower out of good spirit, and Steve accepts it surprisingly, also in good spirit. He didn't even have to say anything to convince Steve to say yes, which really threw him for a loop, considering he had a few things up his sleeve to try and persuade him. Tony'll take it as a win.
"Hey J, where's Steve?"
Steve founders for a second, but in that same second, Tony picks up for him. “Do people really say that? I’ve always viewed the relationship as a heavier one. Even if Rogers wasn’t a serial murderer, and I wasn’t one of his victims, it’s not healthy. If it was just sex, then Rogers and I probably would have been alright, could have walked away and brushed off the dust, but turning it romantic made things unhealthy. Saying that our love story was a love story in the first place, let alone a good one, kind of... it’s a dark, blurred area, I think. It’s kind of like a game, and relationships shouldn’t involve people toying with each other.”
He absolutely was not panicking in his penthouse of Stark Tower at seven in the morning. No, he wasn't, what was anyone talking about? Shut up, JARVIS, he did not need this sass this early in the morning.
Tony quits the video and just decides to go to sleep. He does not shed any tears, thank you very much.
Steve couldn’t manage to hold in his smile for that one. “Thanks,” he says. Then he turns to Tony and adds, “This was also the Nomad movie look, the scene when I first walk in all angsty. I had a lot of people scream at me on Twitter for it.”
Steve sits down on one of the stools at the kitchen counter the wrong way, so that his back is to the counter and he sips.
"Please," Tony scoffs, because Natasha's eyeing him carefully and in a way that makes him a little nervous.
"A week ago, Tony. That was a week ago."
Tony likes Sam. It’s decided.
"You know what?" Tony frowns, pinching himself and reaching for the nearest coffee cup.
”Pepper,” Tony says, his traitorous voice breaking for some reason. “Pepper, my timer zeroed.”
“Steve,” a soft, familiar voice says in surprise, and he jerks his head up to see the owner of the voice.
Of course, he can't avoid Steve forever, or even at all now that they’re vaguely friends. For one, the jobs that they have make it impossible for that to happen. And for another, Steve is a goddamn stubborn bastard with no sense of social cues. Okay, maybe he does have social cues; it’s just that he doesn’t know anything about Tony. Nothing.
“Is there a long answer, Steve?” Tony asks teasingly. “How do you have a long answer to that?”
Tony wants to ask why Natasha’s sharing, and what that even means, before he remembers the Red Room and all the horrors of brainwashing. So he attempts for levity. “It’s a fucked up world when
“Hmm,” Steve says, looking through the comments and playing dumb. “I think I lost all the questions from before; send in news ones!” Tony huffs a laugh. They both know that they’re only one question everyone’s going to ask now.
“Of course you didn’t Steve,” Natasha says placidly. Steve knows he’s being played and placated. “The submission just qualified by itself.” She scoffs, but there is still no heat behind it, thank god. But just as he’s about to say something, Natasha catches sight of something, maybe a clock or a sign, and frowns. “Shit. I gotta go read out a name.”
Steve shoots him a questioning look. “Are you sure? Science is never not important, according to this really great guy I know.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, looking at Tony sharply. “How did you—”
"No, it's technically not unique to this room."
“No,” Tony says very slowly, staring at the question very carefully. “I am not. Why do you ask, random Google user?”
Does Steve really need to drag Tony out of his workshop every single time he comes to the Tower? No. Does Steve really need to bodily life Tony out of said workshop when Tony doesn’t come voluntarily? No. Does Steve really need to call Pepper every single time the armor fights him off? Does Steve really need to have JARVIS on his side after Pepper bans Tony from using the armor to fight Steve off? No. Does it all happen anyway? Yes. Unfortunately.
He can't also believe that there's a chance that his tracker and app system is wrong, though. It's impossible to think. He just thinks that Rogers being actually at End Line is harder to believe. So he drives, and he's grateful he never brings anything but the cheapest-looking cars to SHIELD on days where he has new missions with the team. The rich and the vanilla get eaten for breakfast at a place like End Line, so virginal Steve Rogers doesn't even has a chance.
“Doesn’t feel right holding this without her here,” Steve says, even though he’s technically not holding it. But everyone knows what he means anyway. “Doesn’t feel right to stand here without her cheering me on, watching me on this stage from those red seats. Doesn’t even feel right being here without her. I mean, this is a
