“Oh dear.”
“Damn it.”
“That’s him, isn’t it? He’s yelling at you, isn’t he? He can hear me.” John’s face lit up in a brilliant smile, and Sherlock’s stomach tied itself into knots. “Sherlock, you brilliant bastard! You’ve got to fight Love. Try and break out of there Babe. Show him your memories Love. Show him us.”
He quickly packed up his computer and left the store, unable to sit still any more.
They eventually stopped running when they reached an abandoned park, coming to rest under a large tree.
He finished shortly after, groaning darkly as he filled the condom and collapsed on top of Sherlock's spent form.
Sherlock pushed Redbeard harder than ever before, once again marveling at the stamina of the horse. He could see the outline of the palace he had come to call home, standing black against the night sky.
“Don’t be mad John.”
The silence was broken by John, his voice rough from sleep and sex.
“No? It was my hands that caved his skull in. My mistake that made all those innocent soldiers lose their lives. I was the one that pulled the trigger against every single creature that I was told to, no questions asked. I killed those people, Sherlock. Their blood is on my hands-”
“No Greg. He has to decide first, I can’t push anything on him.”
"Hard to forget a face like yours," the boy met his eyes again, looking up from under his eyelashes and licking his bottom lip slightly, "Daddy." Sherlock felt his breath catch in his throat and forced a cough, avoiding the boy's gaze. "Ah, never been the one receiving end of that one, have you?" Sherlock flinched when he felt a weight settle on his shoulder, blinking up at the boy who was now standing over him.
“Are you sure this is a good idea Greg?” John gestured and the collection of objects the group had managed to collect. There were various herbs and a large copper bowl with a very intimidating looking dagger. Resting in the bowl, was an intricate old pocket watch, glinting in the soft light.
John’s scream of agony drew Sherlock’s attention from his thoughts. He raced towards his friend, stumbling as he was struck with the force of static energy that was being forced through John’s compact body.
“What’s wrong? Can’t stop the blood flow?” He snapped, swaying as his vision blurred.
"Don't bitch. You got mind-blowing sex out of it."
He clenched his jaw and pulled out John’s Video Caller, dialling Mike and praying the other man would answer.
The cab ride to the Holmes estate was awkward, Sherlock twitching nervously the whole way. John tried to comfort him, holding his hand and rubbing his thigh softly, but nothing seemed to work.
“Yeah, so listen Mate, you still out a E6? I need access to a Med Bay to help a friend.”
"Why does Harriet insist on trying to decorate me?" John laughed and pulled Sherlock down for a deep kiss, making the taller boy moan softly.
Sherlock nodded, the pain in his wrists fading to numbness that quickly spread over his limbs. In the background, he could hear John still pounding on the door, but even that sound was starting to fade.
“I’m not a fucking child John!”
“Sorry Greg, that was funny.”
Sherlock returned the hug, feeling tears pricking the backs of his eyes.
Once they were ready, Mr. Holmes led them into the house, chattering away about how glad he was that the boys could join them for dinner. John leaned in close to Sherlock, a gentle grin tugging at his lips.
“Okay, that wasn’t even close.” John tried to hide a snort of laughter, failing miserably. He composed himself and caught the soft smile Sherlock sent him.
“Shit!”  A voice came from the other side of the rock, pulling Sherlock’s focus for a moment. No one should be out in this weather, and anyone who is must have a death wish. He pushed himself around the rock, forcing his way through the wavering gravity pockets.
"Sherlock, that's enough!" John's voice filled Sherlock's mind as he fought, trying to get back to Jim. A crowd had begun to gather, and Sherlock caught sight of Geoffrey and Michael stepping between himself and Jim. "Sherlock, what the fuck-"
"I was actually suggesting we blow off the dance so we could stay home and blow each other, but if you'd rather watch Doctor Who, that is fine as well." John snorted, dropping his head against Sherlock's shoulder and hugging him close, laughing into the taller boy's shirt.
How was he going to tell Harriet Watson that he had lost her little brother?
John broke the kiss, breathing heavily and flushed. Sherlock whined and tried to close the gap again, but John kept him just out of reach.
“This John, does he love you?” Sherlock’s chest seized in a heavy sob as he nodded. “And you love him in return?”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow, thought for a moment, “You’ll have the
be set to hallow all we find,
“Rhys?  Rhys wake up.  You have to leave.  Now.”  Sherlock put the photo down and strode into his room.
John was transfixed.  He couldn’t decide where to look, at Sherlock's whip thin arms as they arced gracefully over his head, or perhaps his muscular thighs, with the sliver of skin peeking out through the hole in those sinfully thin tights.  And that arse…
Rhys was sprawled on the bed, looking like a gangly ginger starfish, all pajama-clad legs and elbows.  Sherlock was glad to have slept on the sofa all week.  The cellist snuffled and woke.
********************************
Mrs. Hudson spoke up.  “That was marvelous!  I do hope Sherlock has practiced, it wouldn’t do for him to end the show with a poor performance, especially after that!”  Molly and Lestrade nodded, and Angelo boomed that he was certain Sherlock could never disappoint.  John agreed but was silently a little worried.  How could the world’s only Consulting Detective hold his own against trained thespians?  He vowed to give Sherlock a standing ovation no matter what.
The post had arrived at Baker Street, and John flipped through it as he walked up the stairs.  (bills, bills, advert, Dear Occupant, ah- actual mail, addressed to “Dr. Watson”)  He could hear Sherlock’s violin upstairs.
He walked slowly over to John, his steps measured and pointed, in time with the music.  Instead of standing in front of him, he slipped behind John and grasped him across the chest, pinning his arms to his sides.
“I’m asking this as a friend, not as a copper.  Did you bring your gun?” Lestrade whispered.
I couldn't leave them hanging...
John was babbling as he put his mouth anywhere he could reach on Sherlock’s glistening skin.
Sherlock pulled on his t-shirt and tucked his knees to his chest.
“Come sit here with me.”
He grabbed his jacket and headed toward the door.  Before he left though, he pulled the photos from the envelope and left it, the last photo, and the note on the sideboard.  No need to involve Greg in THAT.
Ella sniffled, and John looked up.  She was sobbing into a tissue, her eyes wide.
He swayed side to side, bending at the waist and dragging John with him, loose, his hair flopping with his movements.
John, whose umbrellas usually came from the lost and found bin at work, wondered what constituted a “regular” umbrella, and silently marveled at the idea of a bespoke one at that.  He decided Mycroft’s “irregular” umbrellas were useful for more than just sudden rainstorms.
John tried to look stern, but failed miserably. He began to giggle, and Sherlock grinned. “Now get dressed and let’s go put a dent in the British Treasury.”
“Don’t stop…” Sarah breathed.  “Use your mouth and hands.  Finish me!”
He tidied himself up in the lav, and emerged just as Sherlock’s doctor walked into the room.
Thursday afternoon, John left the clinic early.  The initial rush of flu and flu-like cases had waned, and Sarah all but pushed him out the door.  “Go away.  You worked Sunday, you get to have a little free time.”
“The most puzzling thing about all of this is the rashness of your actions.  Here you are, planning a whole campaign to keep me from making a rash decision- the diversions, the food, the… caring, but yet, you willingly went down into one of the dodgiest areas in London, alone.  You beat a man senseless to gain information, you were willing to resort to violence against fellow medical personnel.  These are all very rash actions.  You are not a rash person, John, what...”
"My turn's next."
John sighed and got out the scissors.  He figured if he really tried he could get the shirt off without cutting it, but he didn’t want to put his friend in any more pain than necessary.
“That’s what the song is supposed to DO.  It’s weird.  Mike didn’t ask for a love song, or a drinking song, or any other kind of song you’ve ever heard of, he wants a song that does THAT.”
“Mermaid or King’s Head? -JW”
With the power outage the night before, they couldn’t charge their mobiles.  While they fed each other grapes and  giggled over glasses of wine, they plugged in their dead devices.
“You have to stop doing that.”
Mycroft sighed dramatically.  “Yes.  You solved the case, Sherlock.  DI Lestrade and his team caught the murderers, a drug ring and a shady taxidermist.  Happy? “  He looked at his watch.  “I have to go.  John should be waking about now, and will be here within the hour.  Think about what I said, Sherlock.  You’re going to have to use more than your brain.  Use your heart.”
John pondered that.  She had a point.  Greg Lestrade was the best detective he knew after Sherlock, and Mycroft was downright terrifying when he wanted to be.  What on earth could John add?
Two pints and one hour later, laden with Chinese takeaway (pork fried rice for him, egg drop soup for Sherlock) John stepped into 221B.  Greg had texted that Sherlock had fallen back asleep, so he and Mycroft had left.  Once again, John wondered how the two had gotten so chummy…
“Sherlock, you’re becoming more conscious.  Open your eyes.”
A loud snort and some rustling emanated from the sofa. Both men in the kitchen rolled their eyes.
No masters or kings when the ritual begins
“Why are you so happy?  No- don’t tell me.  Let me deduce.”
“Tighter, so slick, your hands….”
“I saw, John.  But I did not observe.”
The flat was dark, John supposed Sherlock was in his room, but didn’t bother to check.  He was tired, and hungry and tired.  He grabbed a fork from the kitchen (never could work chopsticks) and went to his room without bothering to turn on any lights.
He rang for the nurse.
He puttered in the kitchen, fixing his breakfast.  The parlor was, thankfully, silent.  He looked forward to a quiet day, perhaps he’d start a fire and sit in his chair and read.
I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies
John had been on the receiving end of many blowjobs before, and each one was different, some better than others, but this one put them all to shame.  Sherlock’s tongue running up and down the shaft, slowly, deliberately, never breaking that singular gaze.  He avoided John’s balls for now, focusing entirely on his mouth on John’s cock.
“So, I’ll retire.  I’d rather not dance than dance with talentless idiots.”
“Didyouknow that I was THISCLOSE to getting laid?  THISCLOSE.  But Mister Mycroft Nobody Ever Gets A Leg Over Holmes stuck his ruddy big nose in.”
He pulled back and let John relax, but kept running his hands gently over the twitching muscles.
She went into the bathroom to change, while he stayed in the room.  He’d brought pajamas, but sincerely hoped they’d be just a temporary thing.
John strode confidently into the parlor, and was greeted by the sight of two fresh mugs of tea on the coffee table, and Sherlock on the couch.  He looked around for Rhys, or Mrs. Hudson, or anyone else who might have been hiding.
He didn’t get to finish.  Sherlock stepped forward and kissed him, pulling him closer.
Only then I am human
He looked around the room frantically, had anyone seen?  What was he going to do?  Did Sherlock know or was he still blissfully drugged and unaware?
“John.  Go home.  Take a shower, get some rest.  Sherlock is in a medically-induced coma, and they’re keeping him that way until at earliest tonight.”  Greg put his hand on John’s shoulder.  “You’re going to need your strength when they bring him out.  You’ll be useless then if you stay here now.”
John sank back and relaxed again in Sherlock’s embrace.
“Come in, Mycroft.” “Go away, Mycroft.” 221B’s residents spoke over each other.
“Staying here overnight, go without me. Make Mycroft send a car. –SH”
“Sure.”
First photo.  “Thrown off by Mummy.  Kissing her hand instead of her cheek to make up for his height.  Too-big smile covering initial embarrassment,  flirting…  wait.  John’s smile?  That is John’s too-big-almost-fake smile right there. Interesting.”
John perched on the other end of the sofa, fight or flight ready to engage, he was just so disjointed right now.
https://hymnary.org/text/new_every_morning_is_the_love
“Well for somebody that’s not interested in Sherlock, and who isn’t gay, you sure sound jealous.” Greg ventured tentatively.  “Wait.  Rhys is that ginger from Carnaby Street?”
Soon they were both sweating, and Sherlock pulled off the t once again.  John’s button down felt constricting around his neck, so he pulled it open.
“Mummy?  What on earth are you doing up this late?”
“Dr. Watson, at long last.  I’m thrilled you could join us tonight.  I’ve heard so much about you, mostly from Mycroft sad to say, but sometimes Sherlock lets his guard down.”  She grasped both his hands, and kissed him lightly on both cheeks.  THIS was Mummy?  John stammered before remembering his manners.  “Mrs. Holmes, how lovely to meet you.  Please, call me John.”  He bent to kiss her hand and grinned rakishly, looking up at her through his eyelashes, Three Continents Watson to the fore. “I hope you won’t hold Mycroft’s opinions against me.”  “Well, John, we’ll have to see how things progress before I decide to… hold anything against you.”  John’s mind slipped another gear.  Was she FLIRTING with him?  God he hoped so.
Sherlock sat, still and silent.  His eyes were focused on a point somewhere between them, and John recognized the look.  He took the moment to push the water and the meds across the table.  “Don’t forget these.”
“John!  Wotsit?  Let me buy you a pint, I have a proposition for you.”
If on our daily course our mind
What will John do when Sherlock and Rhys start playing duets and there’s more than just music in the air?
John often joked that while Sherlock played the violin, he himself played the radio.  He couldn’t tell Bach from Beethoven, and the only classical melody he could hum was from The Nutcracker.  He left the classics to Sherlock, preferring MoTown.  The first piece though, he found himself holding his breath.  It was so… mesmerizing.  Minimal, just cello and piano, but so lush.  How was he DOING it?  The music ebbed and flowed, and John remembered to breathe.
Mycroft.  Mycroft who had caught him practically undressing Mummy with his eyes.  Mycroft who know just about bloody everything anyway.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “John’s dead to the world upstairs and I’m thinking, so yes- you are interrupting, but nothing like what you‘re thinking.”  He was in a particularly stroppy mood.
“John was in a right state last night.  This… thing… of yours with Rhys has really thrown him for a loop.  Be… gentle with him today.”
After an eternity, days?  Hours?  Breaths…  John nodded.  “Yes.”
After his shower, John gathered the photos to take to show Lestrade.  He wanted proof that he looked good in a suit, and to show him Mummy.
She ran her manicured nails up and down John’s thighs, just as he liked.  His cock bounced in anticipation, but she didn’t stroke it yet.  Instead, she cupped his balls gently, rolling them in her palm, feeling their heft, the hair there, how the skin moved at her touch.  In the bright light of reality, John did the same, imagining her elegant fingers instead of his own sturdy ones.
“Sherlock? We’ve each gotten some actual mail. Do you want yours or do you want me to open it?”
“You’re bloody JOKING.  I refuse to believe that is Sherlock’s mum.  I can’t believe it.  I won’t believe it.  That… queen… gave birth to Sherlock Ruddy Holmes.”
John fumed in the lift all the way up to Sherlock’s floor.  And GREG.  Greg must have been in on it.  What were those two doing collaborating?  How did they even KNOW each other?
Sherlock’s eyes flew open.  “John?  OK?”  His brain was still too fuzzy, and he shook his head until it hurt.
“John.  You’re NOT ordinary.  You are every extraordinary thing in my life and I never want you to forget it.  I’m sorry I haven’t told you before this.  Rhys and I may have been playing music, but you and I will write a symphony together.  A symphony that will take the rest of our lives to play out, and will never be finished.”
Our boys finally figure it out.
“I’m fine, Molly.  Do you happen to have a bottle of water?  I left my flat in such a hurry, I didn’t bring one.”
Molly laughed.  “You’re standing in it.  I used to build sets for the ballet, then I decided to widen my scope.  I built this, and now I have a ballet dancer for it.  Turnabout is fair play.”
He pressed play.
“Neither was that ballet dancer.  He’s somethin’ else alright.  Was a big shot at the National, up and quit in a snit.  Now owns a tattoo parlour, spends his days gettin’ inked, smokin’, and pissin’ off everyone around him.  Now, I’m no expert, but from what I’ve seen him do, he’s pretty good.  S’killin him to not be onstage anymore.”
She looked at Sherlock in surprise, then at John, who nodded his head.
“Like I’m empty, waiting to be filled up.”
“You’re going now?”  Sarah sat up in bed, wrapped in the sheet.
John shuffled a bit, and the movement caught Sherlock’s eye.
So, John went to church.  Not on Sundays, not when there were people.  But he’d slip in on Tuesday mornings, when the old women were cleaning, or the Saturday afternoons when the choir practiced.  It didn’t matter if it was Catholic, or Methodist, Lutheran, or Synagogue.  One time he even went to a Sikh Temple.  He wallowed in his depression, feeling a little better each time he made himself feel a little worse.
There were nights when he sat in his flat, picking at the guitar.  He hummed the old songs, but they didn’t give him the same rush anymore.  All he could see was the face of his attacker during the last gig.  The guy had been right up front, singing and smiling at him with the rest of the crowd.  And then he’d ruined John’s life.
My lover's got humour
“Actually, I’m feeling pretty good.”
Greg sighed.  “Sherlock, please help me get him to his room.  I don’t think you want him down here tonight.”
Greg shook his head, paid the bill, dragged John outside and hailed a cab.
John turned to face his savior and was dazzled by a mature woman in a long green gown.  Her silver hair was cut in a stylish bob, her makeup perfect.  She towered over John, but when she walked, he could see that she was wearing scandalously high heels.  Stripper heels.  His mind reeled.  He’d never been with an older woman, but if he were to think about it, THIS would be the woman.
As he showered, Anthea slipped in to the flat and left a sandwich, then slipped out again.  John didn’t question who left it, just ate it, and collapsed onto the sofa.
“That was amazing.  Watching you dance like that.  Never knew ballet could be like that.”
“Look Mols, here’s the thing.  Sherlock is a great arse, yeh?  Lord knows I want to punch him in his posh face more often than not, but he’s usually right about stuff like this.  I don’t know much about ballet, but I know that what of it I’ve seen is better with him in it.  When I was just startin’ out in the promotion business, I hung around with Lestrade, and I’d wait for him to get done rehearsin’ his company.  One week, there were two guys tryin’ for the same spot, one of them was really good, I thought he’d get it for sure.  Then the other guy came out and just blew it all away.  Couldn’t take my eyes off ‘im.  He did things different than the first guy, but it worked out… I dunno.  Better.  Now I know it was Sherlock, and the other guy was Anderson, you know- the one who’s in the spotlight at the National now.  Well, he didn’t like the steps Sherlock was doin’ or somethin’ and got uppity.  Now you know there’s nobody that out-uppity’s Sherlock, so he let loose.  Mols- it was like watchin’ somebody sandblast a saltine cracker.  Pointed out every mistake, every bobble, everythin’ that Anderson had ever done wrong in his life it seemed.  Then he looked at Lestrade.  Poor Greg.  He knew Sherlock was right, but he couldn’t let him treat another company member like that, so he gave the part to Anderson, just to teach Sherlock a lesson.  Well, two weeks later, Greg tells me over pints that Anderson kept dancin’ just how he had in the audition, never takin’ Sherlock’s ‘advice’ to heart, came down wrong, dropped his partner, and broke his ankle.  Sherlock stepped in, did whatever the heck he wanted, and saved the show.”
The team surrounded the boathouse and rushed it.  Inside they found a half-dozen more members of the meth ring, and after a quick gun battle (one drug-maker down, one policeman wounded) John was allowed in.  He raced through the rooms, pistol out, eyes alert, scanning every opening, nook and cranny.
*********************************
During the times when they didn’t have cases, John made sure to involve Sherlock in news from the clinic.  Not enough personal information to violate anyone’s privacy, or the law, but enough to keep Sherlock occupied, if even for a short time.  After the clinic’s cases were deduced, John turned to friends for help.  Molly provided interesting dead bodies, and Lestrade supplied cold cases.
Sent: 5:51 am
When he arrives at home, the pain in his ribs is almost unbearable, so he strips off his jacket and shirt and applies another layer of ointment. Then he lies down on the bed and takes one of the tablets Molly gave him. The pill hits him like a ton of bricks and he falls asleep in spite of everything.
There’s 221B Baker Street. There is John Watson, lying on the floor, staring at him, wide-eyed with fear.
Janine asks for a glass of water and takes a sip before tasting again.
John shrugs. “Three days to tech, stage is not even half done, and I’ve got a new cast member. Plus, you know, it’s been a long season.”
“We’re not stray dogs,” Sherlock says between bites. “We’ll be off again tomorrow.”
It takes under ten minutes to get to the clinic, and Sherlock leads them through the back door right into the basement morgue.
Sent: 5:17 am
“You should talk, you were the grumpiest when he won.” Neela points at John with her dessert fork.
John sighs. “I have no idea.” Suddenly, he feels like somebody dropped this entire day on his shoulders like a ton of bricks. He’s exhausted, and he hurts all over, and all he wants now is his bed.
“Food is pleasure. And emotion. And memories. Why is this week’s challenge nostalgia? Because food is culture, not just science. Food is art, emotion, it’s a way we differentiate ourselves from animals. If it were just ‘A+B, heat, eat’, we’d still be roasting wild boar over the fire.”
When he’s done, he gets himself a cup of tea, and a second one for John, then sets the tea down at the workstation next to his. He doesn’t allow himself to think about why he did this, he tells himself he’s just being polite, though he knows it’s not true.
Sherlock nods, shivering when John’s mouth closes around his earlobe.
John is about to argue when Sherlock says, “More or less,” with a shrug.
With a nods at both of them, Molly leaves. John sighs in relief and gingerly puts his shirt back on. He winces slightly, then gazes up at Sherlock, who’s still looking at him with a small worried frown line between his brows.
Neela is complaining loudly about her loaf not rising. “Why isn’t it rising? Why?”
John doesn’t press him on it, even though he knows it’s medically almost impossible to go four days without sleep. Probably Sherlock fell asleep several times without noticing, but John knows from training and experience that telling Sherlock this won’t help right now, and will only make Sherlock defensive.
The actors get nervous. It’s always the same, they’re relaxed and funny in the rehearsal room, because there’s no audience, no pressure, they know anything can go wrong and they’ll just do it again from the top. But on stage, under the glare of the headlights, suddenly they realise that in four short days, all the seats will be filled and two hundred people will be watching them, and for them every mistake will be the experience they have with this play in this moment, no take-backs. And John knows that by Thursday, Friday at the latest, the actors will want the audience to come in, to have that rush of adrenaline and that energy to feed off from, but right now they’re insecure and still trying to find their feet.
Sherlock looks down at his whipped cream and says nothing, but he can feel John’s eyes on him like a physical weight, and he would lie if he said he doesn’t hear the words
And yet, the easy confidence with which he stretched out his filo and the quality of his custard tell a completely different story.
“Um,” John starts, scratching the back of his neck, but trying not to smile. “We… well, we’ve sort of got something for you.”
“God, no,” John mutters and reels Sherlock in for another kiss.
It’s a frail, sickly sort of light, candles filtered through layers of caked dirt.
John rubs a hand over his face. “I know. You just startled me.”
look that says John believes absolutely nothing Sherlock just said, and Sherlock can’t take another second of this.
He pulls up his undershirt and takes a look at the bruises covering the left side of his ribcage.
“Ouch!”
John elbows him in the side, but he’s trying not to smile, and Sherlock is deeply familiar with the feeling.
Sherlock grins. Sixth time’s the charm, apparently.
Fire, panicked animals, shrapnel everywhere. The blast throws John down to the ground like a rag doll and he feels the air forced out of his lungs by the impact. Coughing, holding his ribs he sits up. “Sherlock!” he yells.
He closes his eyes and listens to the sounds of home. Traffic, a faint siren, the bus rattling by.
They stop in front of a three-storied building similar to the Magistrate’s office in style, with a sign in English and Feyara that just says “Medic”.
“So you were looking for a way out?” Sherlock asks gently, and wonders,
“Oh, stop showing off,” John says, tucking into his stew. “This is excellent, Mrs Hudson.”
“Because you’re my friend?” John says, bewildered.
“That… was impressive,” the man says, and Sherlock looks up, surprised. The man is smiling ever so slightly, and Sherlock notices for the first time that he’s rather attractive.
“Sherlock,” John says, quietly, and Sherlock realises that he’s been sitting at John’s bedside and staring at the bee stickers over Rosie’s bed for the last solid two and a half minutes. “What is it?”
Sherlock shrugs. “I wanted a bit of crunch.”
John looks at him searchingly for a moment, then apparently decides to be direct. “Should I go?”
The soothing sounds of Rosie’s nightly ritual float slowly through the floorboards and down the staircase. John’s quiet voice, flowing in rising and falling cadences as he reads Rosie’s sleep book. Bedsprings groan as Rosie crawls into bed and John sits on the side of her bed.
“No, just a little longer, I need to figure this out,” he mutters, concentrates, and he’s in Baker Street again. The lights are too bright, and he already has an enormous headache, but he can do this, he can sustain it a little longer, he needs an answer. “I can’t go back now, Moriarty’s henchmen would kill him, or use him as bait to make sure I never tell anyone what I’ve found out and all of this would be for nothing, I did all this to keep him out of danger. I need more time, but if I give him more time he won’t wait for me. I need to figure out what to do to fix this.”
“Elderberries,” Sherlock supplies.
“Did she show special interest in a specific object?” Sherlock asks, sharp gaze darting around the museum, seeing everything, but so far apparently not what he'd been looking for.
Sherlock bodily turns John so he’s got his back turned to the other boys, who’ve started staring and whispering. He grips John by the shoulders and forces him to look at Sherlock and nowhere else. “Listen to me. John. Listen to me. Breathe, and listen. I found something.”
At least he’s done with his chores for today. He’s fed the chickens, brought in firewood and swept the classrooms, all is ready for tomorrow’s school day. It helps Mrs Hudson and earns them a few coppers pocket money. He had his tea in the kitchen with Mrs Hudson like every evening, and he’s tried to get Sherlock to eat something, unsuccessfully.
“Why would I lend your bankrupt landlord any money?”
“Let me show you why weighing and measuring your ingredients properly is so very important,” Sherlock says into the camera.
Mr Chatterjee and Janine both taste their mince pies, and both chew thoughtfully.
The man who “invited” John here steps out of the shadows. Jim gestures between them. “You’ve met Moran, right?”
The woman at the workstation on John’s other side stifles a giggle, and John smiles brightly at her. She’s blonde and calm and seems to be a moderately competent baker, judging by her orderly workstation and the fact that she’s not watching every moment of her pie in the oven like some of the others. John isn’t watching his pie either, apparently confident that he knows how long it needs to bake for.
The room is eerily quiet as the bakers all concentrate on stretching their pastry as thinly as they possibly can. Some of them, like Moriarty and Irene, have no problem, but Anderson’s has torn twice already. Of course he made the crucial mistake of using his KitchenAid, and Sherlock is writing another video in his head about how not to use a KitchenAid.
John goes into the kitchen and puts the kettle on, rummages around for mugs and tea bags. The slight buzz he felt earlier has evaporated; he feels wide awake now, and sober.
“How many children are quartered here?” John asks, looking around the dining hall.
He reaches eleven. He turns around to face Sherlock and grins, boyish and so beautiful. “Yes! I win!”
Another try, then.
"Fine. Anything else?"
Sherlock grips John by the shoulders. “John. Breathe.”
Sure now that something is bumping against the wall of the sitting room, he gets out of bed and stumbles down the stairs. Most likely Sherlock is just up to Sherlockian things, but there is a distinct possibility that the something bumping against the wall might be Sherlock himself being thrown against it - wouldn’t be the first time - so John goes to investigate.
“Yes, you do,” John says, and suddenly all amusement fades. “Well,” he says, “This seems an excellent opportunity to flee the scene, if you ask me.”
John looks down and bites his lips and actually
“The fight against temptation?” John points at the whiskey glass. "Though admittedly this doesn’t seem to be your usual brand of stupid. I don't think I saw any alcohol at all at your flat. Not even a beer in the fridge."
Billy sighs and rubs a hand over his face, rubbing the sauce from the sandwich over his already dirt-streaked cheek. “Don’t want to know any details, but you ever done it? With a girl, even?”
“My dad was a drunk, you know. Not the violent kind, the quiet depressed kind. And I’m a doctor, I know a lot about addiction, I know it’s got a genetic component, so I’m thinking maybe this is a there but for the grace of god go I situation, that I just won the genetic lottery and should get off my high horse.” John pauses briefly and Sherlock can feel him take a deep breath. “It’s just… so exhausting. And it’s hard, knowing I can’t help her.”
“I’ll be right there,” he finally says and hangs up.
Sherlock's already deep in contemplation, gazing at the elegant tower. Most Fey'a shops are like this, a cheap door on street-level, a small staircase leading up an elegant spire with a display-room on top, the proper entrance to the shop twenty feet up.
Sherlock nods. “A young Sergeant named Donovan. She thinks the victim took it herself, and I can’t even argue, because it’s the only theory supported by the facts,” he says, voice dripping with disdain.
“He has his moments.” He gets up from the couch. “I should clean up the rehearsal room.”
John doesn’t dignify the rhetorical question with an answer. Instead, he wonders aloud, “So he’s one of your little helpers? What’s a former British Army officer doing with an Irish farm boy half his age?”
Sherlock nods, feeling oddly formal and awkward. “Yes. Well.”
He doesn’t want to say it. It hurts to say it. But he says it anyway. “Completely serious.”
John wakes, disoriented, the noises from his dream following him into the waking world.
“I’m crushed,” she deadpans. “What seems to be the problem?”
He can’t stay in here, he has to get up, get out, get some air, bombers be damned.
Adrenaline addiction is easy. Bungee jumping works. Hell, piercing works. Dangerous driving, boxing, gambling, it all works. None of that does anything for John. His addiction is a lot more complicated.
This, though, this is something else. This is Sherlock when he thinks nobody is listening. The way he plays sometimes in the middle of the night when he thinks John is asleep. Beautiful and real and with so much heart, it always makes John’s chest ache a little, in that unexamined space just beneath his breastbone, the place that tugs and stings whenever Sherlock is being… well, Sherlock.
Sherlock will never, ever, ever think of the fourth time he kisses John ever again.
“Where?” he asks, hating himself a little for how little control he has over his voice breaking.
John, for his part, sees nothing that would give him any clue to the mystery. But then, he notices an odd sound.  A humming, almost. It’s so soft and so deep he feels it more than hears it.
@thescienceofbaking.co.uk
Mr Chatterjee sighs heavily. “Fine. But I can’t hold on to the property forever. I’ve got mortgage payments, and my daughters to put through Uni.”
Sent: 3:12 am
“So, any tips on who’s going to win tomorrow?”
Sherlock and John exchange a glance, and from Sherlock's frown, John knows Sherlock is thinking the same thing. What Gate.
Doesn’t make any more sense no matter how often he repeats it.
He slides down the bark and John catches him, arranges them so he’s leaning against the tree. Sherlock pulls John in and kisses him, tasting himself on John’s tongue and if he hadn’t just had one of the best orgasms of his life, he would want another round immediately. As it is, he sticks his hand down John’s pants and jerks him off with the same ruthless intensity with which John took him apart just now, all the while kissing him like a starving man. John holds on and kisses back until he can’t anymore, until he deteriorates to panting against Sherlock’s mouth, blown wide open and gorgeous as he comes apart on top of Sherlock.
It’s the first time they’ve been alone together in three days, and John has no idea what to say. “You’re in early,” he finally gets out.
“What the indeed,” Sherlock answers.
“What are a few more Humans in Temera? Lestrade is a good man, but if knowledge of this became public, he would be pressured to establish a permanent Watch presence in the Faedorn, and if that ever happens it might be a trigger for open violence between Fey’a and Human for the first time in centuries,” the Midnight Queen answers, and John hears the steely resolve in her tone.
“What are you even talking about? I never lied to you about anything.”
They are singular and human and fragile and beautiful, of course.
It bothers John, though. It’s subtle, and anybody not paying attention to John wouldn’t notice, but Sherlock’s awareness of John is constant, and he can see annoyance in the way John grips his pencil or clenches his jaw muscles. John would never, ever say anything, of course, but it’s there nonetheless.
Promise. - SH
He’s sitting against the opposite wall of Sherlock’s cell. Sherlock managed to keep him locked away in his mind palace for the last two years, but sometime during the last few days the wall around the part of himself he’s had to lock away to survive this, the part of himself that
Just one? -SH
And Sherlock finds this oddly satisfying. So far John has been perfectly professional, wearing his undemanding, quietly authoritative DSM persona. It’s indescribably odd, because Sherlock used to be able to coax a reaction out of John by just looking at him out of the corner of his eye. It’s odd remembering how he used to be able to catch John’s undivided attention by biting his lips, or giving him a fleeting smile, or taking a suggestion John would make privately into the rehearsal room.
“He’s here, isn’t he?” Mycroft says softly, and Sherlock shrugs, trying for nonchalant, unwilling to admit that his brother’s tacit encouragement does make him feel better. If only a little.
“I’m still angry, you know,” John says quietly, gently running a hand over Sherlock’s back when Sherlock tries to move. “I’m still angry, and I probably will be for a long time. But there are two things I want you to remember. First, no matter how angry I was, there was never a second when I wasn’t deliriously happy to see you at the same time. And second, I don’t think you’re bad for me. Not any worse than I am for you, anyway. We’re both enablers of each other’s worst traits and neither of us is good at balance. When we’re in a bad place, we’re horrible for each other. But when we’re good, we’re amazing. We’re fantastic. And we’re very often very good together. So it’s worth it.”
He takes another bite of his scone and gestures at the jam. “Reminds me of the elderberry jelly my gran used to make. She never wrote that recipe down, so it sort of died with her. No one in the family knew how to do it quite like her.”
John nods. “All right. So we say nothing? No matter what he does?”
It’s dark in the wings, especially with the curtain still down, and warm, and the air smells of sawdust.
He looks back at John, peacefully asleep and so temptingly warm. He turns in his sleep, and Sherlock can see the bumps of his spine as he curls up on his side, and he wants to trace them with lazy fingers, then press his entire body against John’s and fall asleep like this.
Sherlock smirks and makes a shooing motion. “Run along now, we’re very busy.”
“Perfectly, obviously,” Sherlock says, and he can hear a few chuckles from the crew and the other contestants.
Then he gets up and opens and closes the front door. Loudly.
@janinelawyered
Sherlock is barely listening to her, because what he’s thinking is,
John knows they’re empty threats. But he goes anyway, because he’s afraid Harry’s going to drink herself to death even more quickly than she’s already doing.
He turns around and sees Sarah, looking a bit sheepish when his friends fall silent and nudge each other. “Happy birthday,” she says, smiling at John a little shyly.
With that, she nods at both of them and leaves, Lya close behind. At the exit, Lya turns and points between the two of them. “Stay out of Faedorn. For your own safety. Jim has people everywhere, and the Gate is always under guard. By him and us. If we don’t stop you, he will, and believe me, that’s not an experience you want to have.”
Told you. Now go to sleep. - SH
Stunned, John stares at Sherlock, who’s very, very close, and very, very warm, and whose eyes are burning into his with all the force of a barely contained tornado. And the thing is, John believes him. Believes Sherlock would do all of these things for him and more. Nobody’s ever so much as crossed the street for John’s convenience, so it’s a heady feeling to have a force of nature like Sherlock so firmly in his corner.
Mr Chatterjee sits down at the kitchen table and nods. “If it’s not too much trouble.”
I’m never fast enough
Sherlock tries not to find John adorable, and fails.  “Hungry?” he asks, voice low and teasing.
Slowly but surely the buzzing in his ears fades and his heartbeat calms down and he’s able to focus on the conversation around the table, which, to put it mildly, is inane to the point of meaninglessness. Irene and Molly are regaling the table with anecdotes about their cats, which everyone at the table seems to find hilarious, for reasons completely beyond him.
The last thing John hears before he falls asleep is Sherlock’s fingers, tapping rhythmically against the floorboards, an oddly fitting counterpoint to the rain. It’s almost like music.
They just look at each other in silence for a few minutes, taking in the respective ravaged state of the other. When their eyes meet, Sherlock is sure they’re thinking the same thing once more.
“Done.”
“And yet somehow we’re spending it out here, having a pointless conversation, instead of in my bed, where we could do more interesting things that would also be much warmer,” Sherlock says, and he hopes his tone is biting enough to discourage John from having this conversation, even though they both know it’s long overdue.
“Well, we couldn’t really keep it, so we argued back and forth whether to just give it to this one actor who had snakes.”
“It’s not about perfection, Sherlock. If they were looking for Britain’s most perfect baker, none of us would be here. I’m sure there are dozens of patisserie chefs in Britain who make perfect petit fours and never split their whipped cream and never underbake anything. But if most people had the choice between home-made and store-bought, they’d take home-made every time. Not because it’s perfect, it very often isn’t, but it’s real. Genuine.”
Sherlock bites at John’s hand, and John’s eyes go dark. Sherlock smirks against his palm. Good to know.
“Hey!” Sherlock swats John’s arm.
Then, finally, his mother excuses herself and leaves the two of them alone, or as alone as one can be in a room with fifty strangers milling about.
The hotel in Sofia is exceptionally nice.
Sherlock looks at him as if he’s punched him in the face, stunned and nakedly fond. Then he fists his hands in the lapels of John’s jacket and presses their lips together.
He takes two steps towards John, grabs a fistful of his t-shirt, and pulls him into a kiss.
“What would be lovely?” John asks as he enters the room. He takes the vacant place next to Sherlock and helps himself to tea and a scone.
“Well, not everybody values business over people, Sherlock, not everybody’s like you,” John snaps.
Sherlock snorts, amused in spite of himself. “And you’re probably used to worse, former army man like you.”
Sherlock smiles and takes his hand. “Yes. Definitely. Let’s go home.”
Sherlock has nothing whatsoever to say to that, but he’s grateful for John’s honesty, and his unthinking generosity of sharing this with Sherlock, who, in the grand scheme of things, has done nothing to deserve it.
Molly puts down her magazine and looks at him severely. “Just so you know,” she says, her tone brittle and cool. “If you break his heart again, we’ll kill you.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “No. Only…” He moves back just a little. “I’m not good at any of this.”
Moriarty sighs and takes a step closer to Sherlock. “Well, thank you for taking an interest in her. It means a lot.” He stresses the last few words, lending the platitude surprising weight. He takes another step closer to Sherlock, and John can't help himself, he neatly steps between them, effectively preventing Moriarty from getting closer to Sherlock. He doesn't exactly know why, but he doesn't want this man anywhere near Sherlock.
The actors all clear out, and Sherlock lingers, watching John and Molly who clear the stage with practiced ease, joined by Mike, and Dave from lights. Tomorrow morning, they’ll start dismantling the set, and tomorrow afternoon nothing will remain except the raw bones of the theatre.
Molly looks at him speculatively. “Look, I didn’t really invite you in to talk about Sherlock.”
Sherlock bites down on an undignified wanting noise threatening to escape as he feels his own cock twitch with the slow, languid motions of John’s hand.
John was right about the judging, it nearly puts Sherlock to sleep, and he isn’t sleep-deprived. Well, not any more than he normally is.
“Ah, they’re not that bad. Probably helped that they met Tom Hiddleston last year when you did that play together and your mum didn’t like him. She even asked me what you want for Christmas this year.”
Well, he can’t help with the first two, but he can keep Sherlock company for a bit, at least.
John left it here, and Sherlock feels like an absolute arsehole, because it’s entirely clear to him that John was so sure he’d be back here that he saw no reason to take the book along.
“No mistakes so far,” Sherlock grits out through his teeth.
John snorts. “I guess your relationship with your sibling is about as constructive as mine.”
Sherlock smiles back just as falsely. “I didn't know you actually existed, Mr Moriarty.”
John catches Sherlock’s gaze and rolls his eyes. Sherlock gives him a tiny shrug.
Sherlock shrugs, but doesn’t answer. He is gazing at everything with sharp-eyed fascination, looking for something, anything, that will tell them what happened here. He seems to have somewhat recovered from his sulk, the mystery driving out whatever it was that bothered him.
“Yes.” Mycroft rises from his seat and inclines his head at John. “Dr Watson. Pleased to make your acquaintance.”
His head is pounding. There’s an empty syringe lying on the filthy duvet next to him. The sheets are soaked with sweat. He’s ravenously hungry and his throat is parched. He reeks of dried sweat and desperation. His laptop on the desk has run out of power and shut itself down, otherwise it would still show the grainy CCTV footage of Baker Street and John Watson’s face.
John’s body tenses under Sherlock’s fingers, but he says nothing, so Sherlock continues, “The second time around, in fact. First time -” He hesitates briefly, deciding how to put this. “- didn’t stick. The second time I joined a small therapy group in an old mansion; it was a sort of get clean camp situation. Our therapist strongly believed in teaching us to be self-sufficient and getting us to work with our hands to keep us clean. Many of us had issues with our appetites after detoxing, so she taught us how to cook. And bake. I’d always had trouble with boredom, I needed to keep busy at all times so my brain wouldn’t eat itself, and I started making scones. My first batch was horrible, even though I followed the recipe to the letter. So I made another batch. And another. And another. Until they were perfect. Then I started experimenting, and before I knew it, I was baking for the entire house. I was good at it. It kept me busy. It occupied my hands, grounded me in my body.”
John visibly hesitates and lets out a long breath. “God, I don’t even know.” He pauses and Sherlock glances over at John, who’s frowning, and obviously deep in thought. “I guess… I don’t know, maybe, for her to acknowledge that she has a problem? And that it affects people other than her? I mean… the amount of shit she put her ex-wife through, it’s even worse than what she’s put me through. But it would be nice to hear that she’s aware that she fucked up, and that she’s aware that some of the shit she did was really not on at all.” John shrugs. “I don’t know if it would make a difference, in the long run. But it’d go a long way to make me feel that she’s serious about getting her shit together. Maybe she would fail again, but at least I’d believe that she’s honestly trying, and I guess I could forgive her a lot of the other stuff if I thought she was actually, really trying.”
It’s not that he didn’t expect John to be sad about his death. Mrs Hudson was sad. Lestrade was sad. John was... bereft.
John smiles, and wonders silently if this is the worst idea he’s ever had, but maybe this is his chance to figure out whether Sherlock is still interested, and once he knows, he can figure out what to do about it. Only he already knows what to do about it. And it’s definitely unprofessional.
Two years, and all that time he was so homesick, and now that he's back, he has to live with the fact that the home he was sick for is gone.
“Remember that one director we had whose lighting notes consisted of yelling the word “More!” over and over?” Mary throws in.
With that, he firmly reseals the door to the closed-off wing of his mind palace and nods at himself in the mirror.
Mycroft nods. “I anticipated this. But you really shouldn’t, it’s not… pleasant.”
Sherlock discovers that the cool thing is a bottle of water, and he obligingly drinks most of it. The room doesn’t spin quite as badly anymore, but everything is very heavy.
John sighs, and takes up his book again.
“No. Sorry, I didn’t mean to…you know.”
John isn’t scared. He’s gone beyond that point. He’s just numb, and tired, and relieved he doesn’t have to pretend that anything’s fine anymore.
She gives him another scrutinising once-over, but when he just meets her eyes squarely, she holds up her hands in defeat. “Fine. You don’t want to talk about it. Let’s go and be judged on how well we play 3D puzzle games with cake.”
John looks up from cleaning glasses with a frown. “Why wouldn’t I be? I make decent money, and Mrs Hudson is the only theatre owner I know who isn’t a narcissistic sociopath.”
“It never is, though. You want the judges and the audience to like you, makes things easier. So, Sherlock. Where are you from?”
Sherlock looks away. “Don’t worry. I remember. Caring isn’t an advantage.”
“So we're back to you risking your life to prove you're cleverer than the most recent psychopath?” John asks sharply.
There’s a feeling of vague dread rising within John as they walk towards the forest and the almost-humming gets louder, and more noticeable, and this time it's not just coming from the strangely vibrating stone, but from the depths of the forest.
Sherlock carefully folds in the flour to the butter-milk-water-sugar mixture. He’s added half a tablespoon of salt for contrast, and he can feel the dough come together as he stirs it vigorously.
Coffee. Maybe scones.
Sherlock hands over the butter.
Sherlock swallows, at a loss for words. Then, silently, he nods, brings his hand over John’s gripping his arm, squeezes his fingers. “Me neither,” he admits, and he’s a little surprised how easily the words come. Another piece of him just handed over to John Watson, to do with as he pleases.
“It’s been doing that a lot over the last few days. Anything the matter?”
Sherlock is in Sydney for a play, just for context.
Around Ely, John gets hungry, so they stop at a small service station for mediocre sandwiches and bad coffee.
. Sherlock knows exactly what John is thinking because he’s thinking pretty much the same.
Apparently, the Bake Off final is filmed in front of a small studio audience, consisting of a few randomly selected fans, all the eliminated contestants and one person the three finalists can bring along, if they want to. Sherlock’s ticket arrived yesterday, and he doesn’t know what to do with it.
Bread?
“You can’t go back.”
And then, just like that, the moment breaks, and Sherlock visibly - for John, at least - shakes himself out of it. “Billy’s downstairs.”
John gets up from his lap and pulls Sherlock to his feet. Slowly, they put themselves back together, straighten clothes, swiping ineffectually at shirts and pants to clean away some of the mess they made.
Sherlock feels an entirely irrational relief, and when Molly draws him into a three-way hug with her and John, he goes willingly, closing his eyes for a moment to enjoy the way John’s fingers are gripping at his back.
“Because it means the bridge is still there, we just have to find a way to access it. The mirrors and the metal are obviously a stabilising field, all that's missing is an energy source. That's what was removed! We find out what the energy source is, we can replace it and re-open the Gate.”
And every minute he sits here, it gets harder to resist the temptation of John’s smile, his laugh, the adorable way he chews his chips, the sauce dribbling down his chin, the way he cocks his head and asks a thoughtful question about Sherlock’s parents and what they’re up to.
Sherlock puts down the violin, and the silence reverberates through the entire flat.
“I don’t know where to start,” she says, barely audible.
Sherlock nods and looks at him with so much open fondness that John feels stupid for ever doubting that Sherlock loves him. “I’ll see you in three days.”
Sherlock puts the phone down. “Your followers are awful.”
“I can tell,” John says mildly, sitting down on the one chair in the room. “You’re in full-on rant mode and the sun’s barely risen. But honestly, I agree with Dr. Hooper. If you’d seen yourself yesterday, you’d tell yourself to stay in bed for another day as well.”
John presses his lips together, trying to keep the emotion in. It shouldn’t mean this much after six years, but John feels like a weight has been lifted from his heart. “You never said.”
Eventually, John moves, sliding out of Sherlock’s body. Sherlock winces a bit, the feeling is always odd and a bit uncomfortable. John disposes of the condom and comes back with a wet towel for Sherlock. Sherlock cleans himself off and throws the towel in the direction of the bathroom. John slides back into bed, and Sherlock pulls him in, arranging them so John’s head is pillowed on Sherlock’s chest, their legs entwined.
air he exudes transmits itself to the entire tent, because the judges are unusually brisk. Molly wins, Irene is out. Irene takes it stoically.
There’s an odd buzzing sound, and John wonders what Sherlock’s up to now. He was oddly restless all evening after John came home from work, pacing the length of the sitting room like a caged animal. Then he got a text and disappeared, and didn’t come home until John was in bed.
“I’ll go get Sherlock, too.”
He hears Sherlock’s intake of breath and glances up at him. "It looks worse than it is."
She gives him a grim smile. “John Watson.” Then she nods at Sherlock. “Sherlock Holmes.”
“How do you do it?” Adriana asks, and Sherlock snaps back to the conversation at hand.
He loses sight of John after that. Mycroft hands him over to their aunt Sylvia, and she drags him around to several family members, who all engage him in meaningless chatter, chief topic of which is the by now heavy snowfall that’s steadily turning into a blizzard.
John takes a step closer. “That’s a very generous offer.” He takes another step closer. “Just so we’re absolutely clear here, what does this,” he gestures at the kitchen, “have to do with this?” he gestures between them.
“I do not,” Sherlock says, and something’s apparently happened to his tongue as well, because his speech is impaired as well as his vision and his legs. “My weight is perfectly appropriate for my height and my age.”
“I’ve pinched arteries, for god’s sake, I’m a doctor,” Molly replies, her frown deepening.
Lestrade shrugs. “I’m on board. He’s a pain, but he’s good, and he’s a damned sight nicer than Jim, though that’s admittedly a low bar.”
Gentle hands on shoulders. “John. Breathe.”
He puts the gun down in front of him.
John sighs and makes a what-can-you-do gesture. “He’s… got some problems.”
He smiles back. “I know. Dr. Sholto, Molly, Mrs Hudson, they’ve all been more than kind to us. They've done everything to make us feel at home.”
“Oh god, before my final exams, I stayed up all night and baked five batches of brownies,” Molly groans.
He hears a rustling and the penny drops. “Sherlock is laying claim to dressing-room space.”
“Why don’t you?” John asks, hoping against hope that this isn’t what it looks like, that he isn’t the worm on the hook, the cheese in the trap, the lure for the bigger game.
“No,” Sherlock says, quietly but with conviction. “Not even a little bit.”
“But I don’t want to be. So if you’re still-”
“Tomorrow, then,” Sherlock says, still grinning from ear to ear.
“What?” Sherlock and John ask at the same time.
Music is traffic outside their window on a lazy evening, Rosie’s snores over the baby monitor and John’s slow typing, the clinking of test tubes together in counterpoint as Sherlock putters around in the kitchen, the absence of spoken words unnoticed.
The housekeeper puts a mug of tea in front of him and ruffles a hand over his hair. “Poor dear, must be difficult, being away from home for the first time. Go get dressed now, then you can have breakfast.”
“Then stay,” Sherlock says gently. “But Mike isn’t your father, John. He isn’t Harry. It’s not your job to fix him. It wasn’t even your job to fix them. You can’t help him, and you know this better than anyone else.”
“Do you know where you are?”
“I agree. Well then, off to bake some actual cake, then.”
He finds take-out menus and a mobile phone with few contacts, none of which Sherlock knows. A new laptop that looks as if it’s been barely touched. Diaries with half-written entries about nothing in particular, lunches and patients and emptiness.
John huffs a bit in surprised amusement. “Well, good for us, I suppose. Come on, I’ve got your book here.”
“I’m making fairly classic cranberry-lime scones, and savoury macarons,” he says, and shows them the scone dough he’s just letting rest.
John blushes deeply and puts a hand over his face. “What was I thinking?” he mutters.
John turns and walks away, but Sherlock calls after him. “John?”
“What?” he asks again, more grumpily this time. Then he realises that Sherlock has left his spot on the floor, and that he’s actually
Mr Chatterjee nods in acknowledgement. “Yes. I’ve been watching. You do good things.” He tilts his head. “Is it any good?”
I’m not sure whether the connection between nostalgia and Punschkrapfen is immediately apparent to a non-Austrian, but to me they’re almost inseparable from the idea of sixties decor and formica tables and being a kid and only ever wanting to eat the pink icing. The  chain that’s famous for its Punschkrapfen, Aida, is leaning heavily into the fact that they haven’t re-decorated since the early Sixties, and you can tell; it’s all formica tabletops, dark panelling and cracked leather. Also, the pink of their logo is the perfect Punschkrapfen pink.
Sherlock doesn’t say.
And now that I’ve told you my grandmother’s secret cake recipe, I’m going to have to kill you ;-)
“I don’t think so,” John says, but he has to admit he’s not entirely sure. He meets Sherlock’s searching gaze and he feels the thing again, the rushing-in-his-ears, jump-off-a-cliff feeling.
“Can we please concentrate on the bake we’re actually doing right now? Or do you want us both to be eliminated today for burning our cookies?”
Victor smiles. “Got it in one. Funny, I nearly forgot that you do that.” He pulls out his phone and shows Sherlock a picture of a classically handsome if somewhat boring-looking man holding a baby that can’t be more than one month old. “This is Mark. And Stella. She’s six months old, and she’s got a good pair of lungs on her.”
“How long?” Sherlock asks, as if it mattered. But it does, and they both know it.
is definitely out - so he just nods and meets John’s eyes.There’s something in John’s gaze, something warm, something
John and Molly laugh, and spontaneously, John holds out his tea mug. “Here’s to our bakes being edible!”
Sherlock blinks, tries to formulate a coherent reply. “I wouldn't expect you to understand. You never had a friend,” he whispers, quietly, sadly, and then he closes his eyes and stops resisting unconsciousness.
Sherlock nods.
he thinks.
Sherlock releases a breath he wasn’t aware he was holding and decides he needs a cup of tea. Now.
“Let’s find out,” Sherlock says and starts walking.
“Oh, can we be on the jury?”
But the thing is that he doesn’t want to. And Sherlock has never been very good at doing things he doesn’t want to do.
Slowly, he sits up and tries to make sense of his surroundings. He’s lying on mossy ground under a young, slim tree right at the edge of the tree line of the Forest. In the distance he can see the smoke rising from Temera’s many fires, and the farmland that surrounds the city. It’s a lovely day, sunny and mild.
“You two seem to have hit it off splendidly,” she says, apparently hoping for a bit of gossip for the cameras.
@johnwatsonsblog
Sherlock looks around the tent, this time placed in a lovely - though winterly bare - garden in Norfolk, and it hits him that this is the last time he’s going to be here. The final will be filmed in a studio in London, and there’s something oddly poignant about entering this tent for the last time. It’s been tedious at times, and outright unbearably stupid at others, but he oddly felt more at home here, with this group of people who love everything about baking, than he has in a long time. Maybe ever.
If he’s entirely honest with himself, Sherlock quite enjoys the situation.
A short pause. Sherlock half expects John to tell him not to come.
It’s a lovely night. The moon is out, and the stars are an awe-inspiring spectacle, especially for Londoners who aren’t used to seeing the Milky Way stretch over the sky.
“Feeling good about tomorrow?”
John looks up and meets Sherlock’s eyes for a second, and Sherlock gives him a little self-deprecating smirk. John smiles back, brief and sharp but real, and they both go back to work.
“Well, let’s see,” Sherlock says, looking up from his book. “As far as I know, some of that lot over there,” he gestures at Mike and his table, “spend their days either running after a ball, hitting a ball with a stick or throwing a ball while slamming into each other. Then there’s the library, which is extensive but understocked on scientific works. Fortunately, my brother always sends me the latest.” He holds up the book he’s been reading, which seems to be a collection of sorts about something called quantum mechanics. “I plan to spend my morning reading it.”
“It’s called fast-roping,” John replied. “Are they shooting?”
“She insisted on seeing you in person.”  Mycroft rolled his eyes.  “I did tell her that I could take care of it. However, her signature does ensure that no one at Whitehall can question any of this.  It was a rather neat solution.”
The army had brought with it John’s first experience of dating an Alpha: James Sholto. Their relationship had been doomed to impermanence; a moment of love in a bleak, relentless desert amongst men who might die at any moment. When death and destruction were so close, a soldier focused on the moments of happiness and not on whether they would last back on civvy street. In the end, the rawness, the despair, caused by Sholto’s fall from grace and John’s injury had been simply too destructive for their love to last, especially when that love was as fragile as a rose blistering in desert fire.
Almost without warning, Sherlock came in a white blaze of searing pleasure. He reached out both hands to grasp the wall and stop his trembling thighs from failing. And John didn’t stop, he just took a step forward and his soft grunts became cries. His dick seemed so deep, so forceful, it made Sherlock’s body rock. And then there was the look, the open-eyed gasp as John came. His face drooped into blissful relaxation and he rested his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder while he got his breath back. A twitch of the hips pulled John’s cock free of Sherlock’s body, shortly followed by John’s fingers being pushed into Sherlock’s sopping hole.
“When do you want to pretend to come?” John whispered against Sherlock’s ear.
“I knew it was you.” Lesley ripped the Trilby from Sherlock’s head.
“Two more rescue breaths and if there’s no response, I want you to use the second EpiPen.”
“I know this sounds disgusting but spread some of your jizz about. You smell and taste pretty damn good. My guess is that he’ll start to think about you differently. What have you got to lose?”
“What do you think?”  Sherlock asked Rosie.
“Okay, we’ll climb by the left on three. One-two-three.”
, I’m sure we’ll be in touch should we need your assistance any further.”  Sherlock swept out of the room.
“Need to calm down,” Sherlock admitted.
“Do have any idea how sexy you are?” John mused. He shifted his body weight and laid out on his side, his head rested against one of Sherlock’s feet. The strokes of his hand over his cock looked firmer now and included an intriguing twisting motion as his hand neared the tip. “I think you’re the sexiest person I know. It took me years to believe you’d even wanted to do anything sexual to me.”
“Well, unless you’ve brought in a fucking stepladder, there’s no way I’ll reach to wash your hair.”  John’s lips twitched into a grin.  Sherlock dropped to his knees, tilted his head forward and waited. He didn’t much like people touching his hair. Sherlock didn’t know if he knew how big a step this was, but when John’s fingers threaded through the wet strands they were gentle.    He stroked shampoo through Sherlock’s curls almost reverentially.   Afterwards, he unhooked the shower head and rinsed out the suds.  Sherlock was about to stand when John put his hand on his shoulder to keep him down. John smoothed conditioner through his wet mane.
John tilted his head.  “Can Sodium oxybate make people feel sick?”
“Wonderful.” Sherlock clung to John. Surely, he couldn’t come again from, what? Relief? Happiness? “Guh,” Sherlock sighed, and his muscles stiffened in bliss and then relaxed, satiated.
“Tell me about it!” John took a deep breath and stroked the back of Sherlock’s neck.  “Aaron came back, and Marilyn died, and I really don’t have a lot of sexual experience with men.”
Sherlock shook his head.  Kevin Candlar was a man of many secrets; that much was obvious from his jewellery.  He was clearly not to be trusted.
When Sherlock and John arrived home, John thanked Mrs Hudson for babysitting Rosie and went straight to bed. Sherlock stood in the living room and thought about the conversation with Piero.   He knew he should think about the case, but an army doctor had crawled into his head and refused to move.
Sherlock moaned and bucked upwards.  “You’re such a tease,” he said under his breath.
“I own a violin,” Sherlock said. “I’d have brought it if you’d told me I needed it.”
“When I was blowing Jean?”  Fabian walked over to a blank spot on the carpet. “Jean sat on the edge of the bed, here. I knelt here.”
“I just need to print off a few more documents and then…”
Sherlock lay on his bed, waiting.  The washing up was finished. He’d heard the water disappear down the sink and John go upstairs to his bedroom.  John must have gone in to kiss Rosie goodnight.   Sherlock then heard John in the bathroom.  The toilet flushed and, by the sound of the pipes, John then took a brief shower.   So why John hadn’t appeared?
“I’ll have to put this on my spreadsheet.” Sherlock appeared beside him. “She’ll need a nap this afternoon to maximise her sleep to activity ratio.”  He wandered off.
“No. CPR is in progress.”
“Anyone would think that your husband had just been arrested. Again,” Sherlock said.
“It’s weird,” John repeated. “It’s like a bring-your-own knocking shop
The sound of Mycroft opening the door behind him lifted John from his reverie.
“It could be 2,000 years old,” Sherlock said.  “And your daughter found it.  How amazing is that?”  His excitement was clear.
“I dare say you can,” Jacob said. “But ‘int it better for everyone if we preserve yours and Mr ‘Olmes’ dignity? After all, wiv you in ‘eat and Mr ‘Olmes in rut, it pays to be cautious.”
“I want you to lie behind me and get your dick in me right now.” John’s eyes were dark blue. He stroked himself while he waited for Sherlock to move behind him. Once Sherlock was in place, John pushed out his bum, lifted his right leg and pulled him in.
“Gimme a minute.” John’s body shivered with ecstasy and his semen pulsed onto the bedclothes. Within moments of it ending, he shoved his hips back against Sherlock and muttered, “Move.”
“A normal, everyday suit or a really good suit?”  Sherlock got to his feet and stood in front of John, who wore a charcoal grey suit.  He looked trim, fit, happy and ridiculously sexy.
“I don’t want to use condoms if you don’t. I trust you.”
“No. What for?”
Sherlock sighed. How was John going to believe he was ready to be his heat partner, his Alpha, unless he could answer these sorts of questions? “I would define it by sexual intercourse, other sexual acts, kissing, touching and general physical affection.”
“Why?”  Sherlock asked. “I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I’m a grown man, John.”
John stopped.  “We really should have taken your shoes off first.” He smiled.   “How about I take off my shoes and you take off yours and then we’ll carry on with the seduction part?”
“Who is she?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock pouted but followed John to the bedroom all the same. He threw his towel on the mattress, near the pillows, and sat himself down. “Get the lube?”
“Er, one.”
John rolled off Sherlock’s body and left him to take deep lungsful of air as he recovered.  He slipped the massager free and took it to the bathroom to wash. When he returned, he put the lube away, then roused his motionless lover.
“Shhh,” John said. He kissed Sherlock’s navel and then trailed his tongue downward.
“Not for some time,” Sherlock replied and clomped out of the ambulance and then helped John clamber out, Rosie still in his arms.
“Questions?” John asked when he could talk again.
“But I’m tired.”
A lot of this section was inspired by this article:
John’s mouth felt dry and he swallowed before he could speak.  “Sure,” he replied. He followed Sherlock to the reception desk.
John met Sherlock’s eye.  “Calm down,” he said immediately.  “Nathan’s here to teach me a few things. No, not those sorts of things.  Just come through to the bedroom, okay?”
“Do you know something, Doctor Watson?” Sherlock asked. “I can’t tell you when it happened or why, but I think I’ve realised that I might just be in love with you.”
“They haven’t got tea, but there are other drinks over there,” Sherlock pointed out to John before he took a long swig from his bottle.
Sherlock chuckled.  “You appear to have turned me into some sort of come-fetishist.”
“My heat’s due any day.” Ian had been desperate, Sherlock realised. What did it matter? Sherlock was too. “Jesus, you feel good. So fucking good.” Ian had ridden him fast straight away.
Sherlock put his laptop aside and walked into the kitchen. John was making sandwiches and salad. Sherlock stole a tomato and took a bite.  He chewed and then spoke. “I’m not sure about public sex. I reacted to Fabian because he prepared himself and it reminded me of a fantasy of you that I enjoyed. I told you about it. You were preparing yourself for me; the audience was an irrelevance.”
This time, John on all fours over Sherlock’s body, the kiss was good. Softer. It didn’t feel like domination or desperation. It felt like John. Sherlock wrapped his arms up and eased John’s body down over his. Sherlock’s dick ended up nestled against John’s and he arched and moaned at the unexpected intimacy of the feeling. He’d never felt anything like it. John held Sherlock’s head in his hands and kissed him with a tenderness that was simply breathtaking.
“Candlar said that if I didn’t say I killed Thomas, he would make it look like Fabian did the murders.  He said that he would get Fabby high, tell him to share some drugs and then make sure whoever he fucked would overdose. He said Daniels knew how to get the dose right because he killed Zach.”  Piero stopped. His face remained calm, but the tears began to fall again. “Do you know what makes all of this the worst of anything?”  Sherlock shook his head. “Is that I think Zach Thomas must have been a nice boy. He might have a boyfriend, like Jason, or family that loved him. They lost him because that arsehole cared only for himself.  And I love the man who loves him. What does that say about me?”
Sherlock turned them both around to look at Rosie.  She grinned as their attention focused on her. John leant back against his lover and looked over at his beautiful daughter, who was trying to pull her sock on her head like a hat.
John sighed and closed his eyes again. He shook his head, smiled and opened his eyes as he leant forward in his chair. “Sherlock, I don’t want you to protect me during my heat. I want you to have sex with me.”
“She’s fine,” she said. “She might just be tired.”
Mycroft sighed.
“You’re still here.”
“Who do you think we are?” John asked.
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes shadowed behind heavy lids, his body draped over the settee like a silk sheet. “For?”
Sherlock hooks up with a man from Grindr (previous to when this fic is set). John and Sherlock get it on. Essentially, they will do this a lot. In this ep, they do bonding.
“Yes, it is.  We’ll have men inside that blackout room putting themselves in danger in order to protect the lives of others. I need to know that we can observe them clearly enough to do that effectively.  In other words, Mr Langridge, I will get that footage one way or another. It would be best for everyone if you just handed it over.”
Harry snorts into John’s shoulder and turns her head to look at Sherlock. “He’s such a bloody hypocrite sometimes,” she says, and there’s the same mixture of bitterness and affection in her voice as before. “He can go to Afghanistan and get actually shot, but I can’t have a pint or a fag, otherwise I’m killing myself.”
“Me?” John asks, giving Sherlock a teasing grin.
The wound gets infected and Sherlock burns with fever.
He knows what Sherlock is saying, though, and he drinks the coffee and eats the scones and thinks,
“Fine,” he bites out and gets into the car. “I suppose I don’t have to tell you where I live.”
John Watson is sitting outside of the tent, duffle bag at his feet, smiling as he sees Sherlock. "Good morning," he greets Sherlock cheerfully.
Sherlock does. He sees faint lines and freckles, grey-green flecks in John’s very blue eyes. A small frown line between his eyes. Short hair, too short for gripping, but it feels wonderful under Sherlock’s fingers all the same when he lifts his hand to stroke over the back of John’s head. He can feel the bone of John’s skull. If his hair was shorter, or maybe if it was gone altogether, Sherlock might be able to feel where the individual bones have knit together to form the back of John’s head.
The silence is thick, and deafening, and slightly awkward. Surely there must be something to say. But John feels somehow beyond words with this woman he seems to barely know, who is the mother of his child and his wife.
“He doesn’t know where it is,” Sherlock points out. “We could have hidden it literally anywhere, and I think he’s running out of time. He has to have the lodestone because he needs to expand his operations to keep his men well-paid.”
(See the end of the chapter for
There was no sudden epiphany. There was never a moment he could pinpoint,
He discovered that Molly was wrong. John wasn’t ‘not doing well’. He was… Sherlock has no words for what John was.
“That gives you the deciding vote, Mrs Turner,” John tells her.
John knows that it’s equally obvious how besotted he’s been with Sherlock from pretty much Day One. How fascinating, how irritatingly brilliant, how annoyingly interesting he finds Sherlock.
“What’s all this, then?” John asks later that night, as they’re eating the leftover scones at the kitchen table of Sherlock’s studio kitchen. It’s already dark outside, and John is dressed in grey wool trousers, a button-down shirt and a jumper that’s slightly less awful than his usual ones. The trousers cling enticingly to his arse every time he gets off his chair. Sherlock is a bit distracted by them.
Sent: 4:06 am
“Are you all right?” John asks, looking around the kitchen with a palpable air of concern.
“This is completely insane,” John says, but he’s smiling, genuinely smiling, and he follows Sherlock, sure-footed and without hesitation.
Rationally, he knows sitting here isn’t doing anyone any good. Sherlock doesn’t know he’s here. He can’t do anything to help; he needs sleep, a shower and a good meal (in that order), and by now every bone in his body hurts from that goddamned chair.
Nothing happens. They see a glorious stag and a few rabbits, a fox and two badgers, but other than that, nothing happens. A few birds come begging for crumbs from their lunch, and John hides a smile when Sherlock tries to lure them in to sit on his hands to pick the crumbs from his palm.
“I love you so much,” John whispers as he sinks down on Sherlock’s cock, slow and reverent and beautiful.
So he goes home alone, and opens a small bottle of champagne, and after he’s drunk most of it, he gets the box with his Uni things from the attic. It’s dusty and a bit warped by damp, but the contents of the box are still in good condition, such as they are.
Lya and the Midnight Queen listen to them without showing any surprise, or registering any emotion whatsoever. When they’re done, a short silence falls, then the Midnight Queen says to Lya in Feyara, “Tell them.”
He wonders now how he never thought of this before. Clearly, a part of his brain has done a lot of thinking on the subject of kissing John Watson, but clearly that part failed to bring this notion to the attention of the rest of him.
“No, he didn’t use it to kill either of the girls,” Sherlock answers and turns to go.
“Look. Our association has a clear end date. Once either of us is off the show, we’ll never see each other again. So let’s not make this any more complicated than it is,” Sherlock says, gesturing at John with his scone. “Chemically speaking, sex isn’t any different from a good piece of cake. It’s a mistake to attach any particular feeling to either a piece of cake, or to sex. It’s just dopamine, John. You should know that. Chemical reactions in the brain’s pleasure center.”
Sherlock restrains himself from growling at her, but they take the hint and move along.
Day two of rehearsals, and they’ve already done a complete run-through by lunch. John and Lestrade are off somewhere having a meeting about something or other- The rest of the cast has scattered to get something to eat, and Sherlock is looking forward to some peace and quiet. Unfortunately, they come back with their lunch and sit all over the rehearsal room, chatting, trying to include him in the conversation. Irene’s got an audition, and she’s worried because she slightly exaggerated the quality of her French.
There's a knock on the door, and just like that, that fragile moment breaks, Sherlock removes his hand, John pulls down his under-shirt, and life continues.
“There’s something wrong with it. I need you to tell me what it is.”
“Sunday,” Sherlock says, gently, quietly. “You went by to pick up Watson’s Wellingtons.”
Sherlock draws back a bit, and for a moment, an icy silence falls. John bites his lips. “I’m sorry,” he finally offers. “I didn’t mean-”
It suits Sherlock perfectly, because they both know there’s something more to say. Something Sherlock needed to build up to. He swallows. “I’m sorry.”
Mrs Hudson smiles at him. “John, hello. Did you have fun at football?”
They walk home side by side, touching occasionally, stumbling into each other, smiling at each other like loons. Sherlock’s heart beats an extra mile, and he feels like the most brilliant man on Earth, followed closely by one John Watson.
“It’s nothing personal, they like you fine as a person, it’s my being together with you that’s the problem.”
“John, would you be so kind as to get some food for our guest?” Sherlock asks and sits down in one of the room’s two chairs. “Billy, won’t you sit?”
It’s eerily quiet, and John feels a shudder run down his back. He’s not superstitious, but he’s also read more than his share of adventure novels, so he’s immediately tempted to imagine ghosts and madmen and smugglers.
They walk for a while in silence, both lost in their own thoughts.
“Well,” Sherlock says, making himself flinch with the loudness of his voice in the sudden silence, the false ring of his cheer. “Might as well get this over with.”
“Good point,” John admits, then he gives Sherlock this tiny, self-deprecating smile that scrapes all over Sherlock’s insides in a not entirely unpleasant way. “Why do these things always happen to us? Why are we always the ones to get stuck in bank vaults or elevators or prison?”
“You might have some trouble getting back to Harriet’s in Wimbledon tonight,” Sherlock points out as they walk to the lifts together. “It’s been snowing steadily for an hour, and if my calculations are correct, which they always are, the trains will only run for thirty more minutes.”
“You could have, you know, asked?”
“Am I the only one who thinks all this talk about soggy bottoms is a bit... “ John says under his breath to Sherlock, making a hand gesture that - Sherlock guesses - is supposed to denote the dubious nature of the comment.
Quietly, he makes his way down the stairs, craning his head around the open doorway to the kitchen to see who it is, because he would put it past exactly nobody in this house to bake scones at one in the morning. But there are some he would mind bumping into less than others.
Sherlock gets out of bed and picks up his violin, unable to wait another second.
“So… you’re,” Sherlock gets out, “single.”
Sherlock grins at John gleefully. “She was murdered, John. An honest to god murder! And we don't know how yet!”
“’Fat’ is imprecise, colloquial and insulting, so I should hope not,” Sherlock mutters into the side of John’s head. Apparently, and he has no idea how this happened, he’s currently leaning full-body against John, while John’s patting his pockets for his keys. “Left inner pocket of your jacket,” Sherlock mutters. “You always put your keys there in this jacket. Right outer pocket in the black winter jacket, and front left when you’re wearing jeans.”
John grins and struggles to his feet, leaning heavily on his cane. "Definitely. Right now I'd prefer a cannibalistic serial killer to my probably drunk sister."
Sherlock smiles politely and lets Victor ramble on about the adoption process and how nerve-wracking it was, and he suddenly wishes he’d done this years ago, because he feels relief, and very little of anything else. Victor is happy, and sober, and Sherlock knows with a certainty he never had before that if Victor had left with him six years ago, they would still never have made it as a couple.
Also, Mrs Hudson has so far not pointed out that Sherlock owes her a favour, but she’s going to any second now. Also, he loathes Moriarty, and taking a part that was supposed to be his and doing it better with two weeks of rehearsals would really grate on Jim.
John grins. “Right, then. So. Do you maybe want to go to dinner with me sometime?”
“I’ve never given it a moment’s thought, to be honest,” Sherlock says, altogether more defensive than is warranted. He doesn’t add that it’s been years since he even celebrated his birthday, years since he thought about it, years since he wanted to. Years since anyone even asked.
“That won’t put me to sleep at all,” John mutters, and Sherlock laughs. He holds the tent flap upen for John, ignoring the flutter in his stomach when John’s body brushes past his as they enter the tent.
“No, and the point is that I like it that way, so last night was good, and I don’t regret it, and it won’t happen again. All right?”
Sherlock kissing him. It’s never occurred to him to even ask that question. It’s wrong, there’s all there is to it. Whether he liked it or not should be irrelevant. Boys don’t kiss boys. He looks at Billy, who’s watching him sceptically.
Sherlock gives him a small, soft smile. “I do wonder what would have happened if we’d done this six years ago. If I gave up six years I could have been with you, because I didn’t have faith that we could last.”
“A nightmare,” John supplies, lips twitching into a small smile.
“Tell me about Mummy,” Rosie mutters, halfway back to sleep.
John is bad at disguises and he speaks only two languages plus a few necessary words in Dari and Pashto, but the role of laconic enforcer suits him to a T. He’s wearing sunglasses and a moderately expensive dark blue suit without a tie, three buttons of his white shirt undone, a very obvious shoulder holster and firearm peeking out under his sharply cut suit jacket. His body language is casually threatening, and the entire look makes Sherlock a little shivery, not that he would admit it.
And maybe, if he ever does find the answer to the unaskable question, he will lose interest and it will all be meaningless once more. But maybe the answer will make everything even more interesting, even more intense, even more addictive.
Rehearsals are going well, aside from interpersonal shit he doesn’t have time for. Sherlock has been quiet and is keeping to himself, and after that oddly intimate evening talk, they’ve gone back to strictly business, and John quite frankly can’t handle anything else right now.
. Weaknesses, all of them. Friends, landladies, brothers even, and whatever you are. Pet? Plaything? Distraction?”
“So, John, I see you’re making a potato dough,” Mrs Hudson leans over his dough.
John groans into his mouth and pushes his hands under Sherlock’s jacket to get him out of it. Sherlock shrugs off his coat and jacket and lets them fall to the floor, all the while doing his best not to break the kiss. John hooks his fingers into Sherlock’s belt loops and walks them back in the direction of the bed. They fall down onto the mattress in a tangle of limbs and eager fingers trying to get through clothing to touch skin. John’s T-shirt goes flying and one of Sherlock’s shirt buttons rips, and he doesn’t care. He lets his hands wander greedily over John’s warm, compact body, lets himself enjoy the weight of John on top of him pressing him into the mattress.
By the time their cab pulls up in front of the house, it’s well past midnight.
John is grinning at him smugly when he opens his eyes. “That was spectacular,” John says, and Sherlock rolls to his side, pulling John closer by his belt loops. John’s breath hitches, and his eyes go dark, and it’s fantastic.
“That would depend on your definition of fun,” Sherlock says, a little tremor in his usually so controlled voice, and for a moment, John can see the mask slip, and he realises that Sherlock is terrified. Then the nonchalant swagger is back in his voice and his attitude. “What did you have in mind?”
Sherlock perks up. “What did he want?”
“Did John send you?”
Sherlock thinks, but he tells John anyway, and John says “Brilliant”, and “Amazing,” and everything becomes bearable once more.
“Probably his parents can’t stand him either,” another boy throws in and there’s a bit of nasty snickering in the crowd.
Afterwards, they walk along Baker Street and into the city, ducking into alleys and taking short-cuts until they arrive at the jewelry store, as John knew they would. He knows by now that Sherlock can't let a puzzle go unsolved.
Yes? - SH
“If we were adults, we’d be fighting a war right now, you realise that?” John says.
Exhausted, John sits down on his bed, then lies down, fully clothed. He falls asleep still clutching his father’s watch in his hand.
“Are you coming to my Christmas party, love?”
“Mice.” Sherlock motions to a cage full of tiny brown field mice. “They didn’t die.”
“What did he say to you when you first met?” Irene asks Lestrade.
The coffee is perfect, of course, just the way he likes it, a splash of milk and no sugar, and the scones are still warm.
“We need to get up,” Sherlock gets out between kisses, but he knows he isn’t being very consistent, because he’s wrapping his legs around John to drag him closer.
John curses quietly under his breath.
“This is odd,” John says, but Sherlock hushes him.
Sherlock closes his eyes again and thinks, as the door opens, the lights go on, and it begins again, that he needs to survive this, because he needs to know the answer to that question.
“Go to sleep, Watson.”
“Did you enjoy yourself tonight?” John asks, gently, but firmly.
“She’s known Mike for twenty years, she won’t fire him.”
“Problem?” Sherlock asks, hands drifting down to grab John’s arse cheeks with both hands.
Weddings, Sherlock concludes after four tedious hours, are boring. The ceremony was thankfully short, but afterwards, they all stood around the lawn, sipping champagne and munching on mediocre canapes while the bride and groom were whisked off somewhere to take pictures.
Sherlock nods, once, clearly still wrong-footed, and disappears into the bathroom.
“It was fine during tech, and it would have been fine for the entire run if you hadn’t slammed it shut.”
He gets up and puts the blanket aside, then goes into the kitchen on quiet stockinged feet to get some water.
“I’m glad you took a chance on me,” John says, swallowing around the sudden lump in his throat. “I probably wouldn’t have had the guts to make the first move. It just boggled my mind that you’d be interested in me. Still does.”
Startled, he looks up. Sunlight. The last thing he remembers is mist, and forest.
“Sherlock Holmes,” Holmes - Sherlock - says absently.
Finally, John seems to shake himself out of it and draws breath to speak.
“From your lips to the producers’ ears,” Janine says. “Well, speaking of, the bus will pick us up in 20 minutes.”
Sherlock dislikes pink. He dislikes food colouring, and he dislikes marzipan. He dislikes this challenge, period. Two hours aren’t enough to properly cool down the sponges. He would like to make his own marzipan, but there isn’t time and he wasn’t allowed to bring it. Apricot jam is boring. His socks are still drying from wading to the tent in the rain.
“Sure. Off you go.”
“Take me to bed,” John whispers into his ear, and Sherlock nods again.
When he’s sure John isn’t watching him anymore, he takes out his phone.
The worst part is of course that everything Sherlock just said is completely true. That doesn't mean it doesn't hurt to hear, especially from the one person who's always, always been on John's side before.
Sherlock nods and turns off the camera. “Well done.”
That image is burned into his retinas. Victor’s pale skin, his wide, glassy eyes, the hurt in his voice when he cursed Sherlock for leaving. It’s been haunting him like a ghost of his past mistakes, and he’s been letting this spectre make his decisions for him.
“Take whatever you like, just shut up.”
Victor gives him a small, self-deprecating smile. “Yeah. Me too.”
That last one brings John up short. He looks over at Sherlock, who’s lost in his music, lost in his head, the long, thin lines of his body softly swaying to the music, subtly graceful despite his teenage lankiness.
He takes out his phone and taps out a quick last message.
John catches up to him and walks easily beside him, cane forgotten again. “No, you snuck out. Leaving is when you’re waiting for the other person to wake up, and you say goodbye, and give some indication whether proceedings were satisfactory and whether this sort of thing is likely to repeat itself. Sneaking out is waiting until the other person is asleep and then leaving without waking them.”
Sent: 4:24 am
“It’s not your bloody job to protect me, for fuck’s sake,” John growls. “I’m a grown man, I can make my own bloody decisions. I have a mind of my own, I am a person of my own, I’m not a fucking pawn. You only ever tell me half of what’s going on. You don’t tell me you’re going to drug my pregnant wife, you don’t tell me you plan to murder my wife’s supposed blackmailer, you
John shrugs. “I’m not off for another two hours.”
So he tries again. “Will you be happy to see me?”
Then Sally smiles. “It’s perfect.”
He's not sure that he wasn't better off before.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Go back to sleep.”
John looks at him speculatively. “Do we have any jam?”
She smiles at him compassionately. “I thought as much.”
The group gets up and starts to leave quietly, except for Sherlock, who’s still sitting there, frowning at his hands.
John nods again, into the darkness, at nothing in particular, but by the way some of the tension goes out of him, Sherlock knows he’s said the right thing. At least for this moment.
Sherlock sighs and looks at his alarm clock. 1:12 am. Fantastic. The perfect time to tell a three-and-a-half-year-old her mother was murdered. “No, love. Mummy wasn’t sick.”
“So, John, you did really well on the first challenge.”
Irene sighs. “Yes, I asked.” She takes a deep drag of her cigarette and lets the smoke out very slowly, watching the smoke clouds drift into the sky. “So I’m guessing there won’t be a repeat performance?”
The judges withdraw, and the contestants mill about. John vanishes and comes back with a few sandwiches, which he distributes to the contestants. Finally, he comes over to Sherlock. “I’ve got plastic cheese, dodgy tuna and something that I think might be radioactive ham left. You want one?”
He’ll get his bakery.
“In what way?”
written in a flowing, cursive hand on the paper. “No postage,” John notes.
The call comes on a Monday morning. Sherlock takes off his safety goggles and checks who it is, then sighs heavily.
Sherlock shakes his head.
The judges cut into it, and the chocolate center oozes out. “Oh, liquid center, I love those,” Sally says, and all three judges taste.
The music helps. Not always, but many times.
@thescienceofbaking.co.uk
He slowly sits up, which takes a not inconsiderable amount of effort, and methodically detaches the IV line from his arm before making his way to the bathroom.
“That would be a tremendous waste,” Sherlock says and pulls John’s pyjama pants down to get down to business.
“You and Ms Adler had quite the chemistry on stage,” the latest reporter asks Sherlock. “Any backstage romancing going on?”
“Yes, yes, fine, you won,” Sherlock says, trying to sound bad-tempered about it, but John’s obvious joy and the promise in his grin are tugging at his lips for an answer, and he knows he’s smiling when John goes to get congratulatory hugs and high-fives from the crew and their “judges”.
John grimaces at Molly. “I did. Sorry.” He turns to Sherlock, grinning. “You did slam it, though.”
John nods at the floor. “Can you maybe hand me my cane? I’m a bit afraid I’ll faceplant on the floor if you let me go now.”
“If she came through the Gate, and not that long ago, that isn’t very surprising,” Sherlock observes, looking through the closet holding her few meagre possessions. He takes out a dress that looks suspiciously like a Land Girl uniform. “Further proof, not that we needed it.”
And now they’re on their last show, and Sherlock has the absurd feeling that if he doesn’t do something tonight, he won’t ever do anything at all, even though he still has six months left on his contract.
Sherlock looks at the vials, then back at the killer. “Jim pays you for this?” he asks, incredulous.
Sherlock presses his lips together and says nothing, but he doesn’t pull his hand away; he lets himself take comfort from her. He looks over at her. She’s looking at him, and there’s compassion there, but no pity. “I must confess that I was a bit worried during the ceremony that you would use the most dramatic moment to stop him from going through with this stupidity.”
“Partly, I suppose,” John muses, and Sherlock’s eyes snap to him, because he didn’t actually think John was going to admit to anything of the sort. “I’m so angry with Mary I could fill a football stadium with it.” He looks at Sherlock like the sight of him is physically painful to him, and Sherlock just wants to get up and go. He can’t, though, because this is the first time John has spoken to him, words that matter, since Mary died, and he feels trapped between hope and fear, and he doesn’t know which feels worse. “But that doesn’t mean I’m not angry with you as well.”
“Fine.” John groans and wipes his hands on his jeans, a nervous, uncertain gesture.
For a moment, John is silent, scrutinising Sherlock with an unreadable expression. There’s something in his eyes, some of the steel he briefly showed to Moriarty earlier. “So what was your mistake?”
Only of course the opposite happened, and he feels only now how much he’s really missed John, how much he’s still missing him, like pressing on a splinter reminds you it’s still there, under his skin, festering away.
He sits down next to Lestrade. “How do you want to do this today?”
He gets dressed and steps out of the examination room, looking around. A part of him is deeply relieved that Sherlock is nowhere to be seen, and a part of him is equally deeply disappointed.
There’s Jim Moriarty, straddling John, strapped in Semtex, grinning wide and holding a very big, very sharp knife. “Hello there,” he says, grinning widely and madly at Sherlock. “You really shouldn’t have come back.”
John grins. “Thanks for the compliment. If I were here alone, I’d totally go home with you.”
Then he watches John sleep, curled on his side on the comfortable bed, dressed in pants and a vest, the moonlight falling over the bed making him look cool and ethereal. Sherlock knows he’s warm and real.
me the money, that is a significant difference,” Sherlock points out, subtly pushing the plate with the scones even closer to Mycroft. “Try them with the raspberry-currant jam.”
he thinks. “Why doesn’t it matter?”
“So we time travelled?” John asks, confused now.
Sherlock doesn’t dignify this with a response, and anyway it’s too late for one, because John is back, looking far more awake, smiling at him and Lestrade, obviously excited for the chase again. Lestrade hands him a coffee, and they settle down to watch the house, Lestrade and John chatting quietly about football.
For a moment, John thinks Sherlock won’t answer, then he says, quietly, calmly, “That was a mistake. One I won’t make again.”
Sherlock frowns. “What, now?”
John snorts with amusement. “No.”
The door to the rehearsal room opens, and Irene steps out into the courtyard, lighting a cigarette.
Sherlock swallows, and John can feel Sherlock’s heart beating against the hand still fisted in his clothes. “You make me completely irrational, and it scares me. Always has.”
“You’re not a psychologist,” Sherlock retorts, and the familiarity of the argument settles over him like a warm blanket.
and suddenly John is so very familiar again, and Sherlock can read him like his favourite book once more. He knows that look in his eyes, the one that says,
Sherlock shrugs, clearly uncomfortable. “I was bored anyway.”
Sherlock shrugs. “I’ve hired a private plane that will get us to Karachi airport. After that, you’re on your own.”
“Well, because our viewers want to get to know you.”
And all the while there’s this expression on his face, greedy, insatiable, watching Sherlock’s face like he wants to preserve the memory of every reaction, every moan, whispered word, every twitch of his face, every inch of his body.
Comments deleted, coffee empty, Sherlock goes downstairs. There’s a note on the fridge in Mr Chatterjee‘s handwriting.
He contemplates the egg whites and thinks about meringues.
The Midnight Queen gestures at Lya, and she answers, reluctantly, “The winter before you came here.”
“And before that everything was good, right? You were happy, content, not at all restless and bored and strung out, right? I thought you forgave me. I thought we were starting new,” Mary says, and there’s a tired sadness in her voice that John can deeply empathise with.
at him, but Sherlock is currently bleeding, and the yelling will keep; the wound will not.
The door to the pub opens, and John steps out, looking from Sherlock to Harry and back again. “You all right?” he finally asks.
They dress warmly and take blankets, it’s summer but the nights are chilly in the forest. They take enough food and water to last them for a few days, a petroleum lamp and a few of the beeswax candles Mrs. Hudson uses for the schoolroom. John feels bad for stealing and vows to replace them as soon as he can, but Sherlock, as usual, shrugs it off as a necessity, and in his view, fretting over necessities is a waste of time. John admits he’s got a point, but stealing from old ladies who feed, clothe and shelter you will never be on John’s list of acceptable behaviour in general.
This story got me through a tough, cold, long winter, sitting at home in lockdown. I am immensely grateful for the warm, loving welcome it has received. I love fandom, and fandom absolutely got me through the worst of the last year and a half, if only by giving me a way to escape my own thoughts and my own four walls for a while. So thank you all.
"Always," Sherlock whispers.
“Nostalgia is a warm hug. This is a very competently made handshake,” Lestrade says, and grimaces at Moriarty, obviously thinking he’s been too harsh. “No offence.”
John curses himself for about the sixteenth time today. It is none of his sodding business if Sherlock decides to shag Irene. It’s none of his sodding business if Sherlock shags the entire company, separately or together.
“Boys, are you decent?” Mrs Hudson asks from the other side of the door, and John bites down on a laugh, pretty sure it’d come out just a tad hysterical.
He has a hard time believing that people care about him. But John isn't  "people" and Sherlock has known this for some time.
“Why?” Sherlock asks, and John has to smile.
“Oh, come on, everybody does it.”
“You used the past tense. Obvious,” Sherlock says in his people-are-all-so-stupid voice, and John gently elbows him in the side. Sherlock looks over at him, irritated, and John tries to silently convey his point that people are more likely to share information if you don’t actively try to irritate them. Sherlock rolls his eyes a little and turns back to the two women. “Forgive me, Ya’ra  I was being rude. But back to my question, when did you discover the book had been stolen?”
“I’m not even really surprised,” he finally says, then sits down and pours himself a cup of tea from the pot Sherlock made.
“Where’s your cake?” John asks, sitting down opposite Sherlock at the kitchen table. It’s late afternoon, and John hasn’t been at work today, they’ve been puttering around the kitchen since before lunch.
He goes into his dressing room and starts rummaging around for a towel.
Sherlock gestures at the kitchen. “Do you want to start baking now? I’ve got everything that you could possibly need.”
Sherlock comes home to Baker Street after 3195 days, and John is gone.
John’s at the theatre at three, checking in with box office and catching up on emails and all the things he didn’t have time for during the last few days.
The other contestants start trickling in. First is a dark-haired man who is actually wearing crisply pressed, immaculate chef whites, and Sherlock rolls his eyes. The man eyes Sherlock with badly concealed curiosity, and Sherlock catches the name embroidered on the chef whites. James Moriarty.
John smiles at him. “Good one tonight, didn’t you think?”
Mr Chatterjee sighs. “Nowadays, if you’re not part of a chain, you have to be exceptional, otherwise the tourists will just go into a Costa’s or a Starbucks because they know the taste from back home.” He sighs. “It breaks my heart to think that this place might soon be one of these soulless sameness machines. But I need the money.”
Text Mycroft: Do think of something for him to do. Give him some kind of purpose.
Shortly before bedtime, finally, finally, their door opens and Sherlock comes in, followed by another boy, about their age, with shaggy blond hair, bedraggled clothes and a belligerent expression.
This is why John has a therapist, after all. Or had, more likely. He hasn’t been back there since… well, since Sherlock. Sometimes he wonders if from now on, his life is always going to be divided in threes. Before the war, and after. Before Sherlock, and after.
The slight smile that flickers over Sherlock’s face is gone so quickly that anyone who wasn’t watching him as closely as John was wouldn’t even notice it. Then Sherlock gets up and rolls his eyes, nonchalant mask back in place. “Fine, whatever you say, Doctor.”
John's stomach twists at the thought of what Sherlock is walking into. He hopes against hope that Moriarty is wrong and Sherlock just won't show up, but he knows Moriarty is right. He provided the two things Sherlock can't resist, a puzzle and a way home. Now it only remains to be seen what his role in this farce is. Whatever it is, he doesn't look forward to finding out.
“Now,” John all but growls.
John grins tiredly. “Came for the coffee. Stayed for the charm.”
Music is different these days. It used to be Beethoven, heavy and serious, or Mozart, light and natural like breathing, or Locatelli, complex and nearly impossible.
It’s just a quick, dry brush of lips against lips, but it makes Sherlock shiver, and of course John feels it, seeing as they’re still pressed together.
He hasn’t seen Sherlock since he regained consciousness after they dug him out of the fire. He only got a short glimpse of him, leaning against a tree, pale and drawn and looking about as done in as John feels right now.
@thenakedbaker
“Oh god, you nutter,” John whispers against his mouth between teasing, licking kisses. “Do you have any idea, any concept of how much I’ve missed you?”
If they weren’t lying as closely together, John would miss the subtle relaxation in Sherlock’s posture, the almost inaudible sigh of relief. John smiles into the darkness.
Additionally, Sherlock is aware that he must occasionally eat and sleep, and it’s easier to remember this when there is somebody around who does both regularly. Also, the likelihood of there being food around is greatly increased if somebody in the house actually does the shopping.
His coffee is sitting there, beautifully foamed, untouched. It’s getting cold.
Sent: 6:03 am
John fidgets uncomfortably. “Just did what was necessary,” he mutters, embarrassed.
Better to let sleeping dogs lie. John is here, after all, not with his current girlfriend, whose name he probably doesn’t even remember right now. Choosing Sherlock. Beside him, gladly, smiling, happy. Why tamper with something perfect, Sherlock thinks as their prey finally, finally, arrives and they burst out of the car, chasing after the criminal through the darkened London streets that are home, battlefield, playground and hunting ground all in one. John grins at him as they run, and Sherlock thinks,
@johnwatsonsblog
There’s a faint beeping sound, a smell of chlorine in the air.
“Yes, I am, I just haven’t had the chance to prove it to you yet.”
He never understood the aversion people have to rising early. It’s so quiet, so peaceful. When most of the world is still asleep, there are no distractions, no clutter, no noisy commotions. The people you do meet are subdued, tired after a long night’s work, or not quite yet awake enough.
Sherlock on a visceral level, or his entire sense of self collapses. He realises that it’s not exactly healthy, but there’s nothing he can do about it, especially right now.
John gestures at the screen. “It’s fucking Baz Luhrmann, Sherlock, and don’t pretend for a second that you’re the one actor on the planet who doesn’t want to do Mack the Knife.”
They go back to the theatre, and Sherlock spends the entire cab ride trying not to a) maul John in the back seat of the cab or b) drag John off to his flat and forget about press night altogether.
Lights shining into his eyes. John is talking, not to him this time.
Moriarty's eyes snap to John, and he smiles in a way that doesn't reach his eyes. “Well, good day to you both. Maybe we will meet again.”
It’s so bad tonight that he contemplates taking her to a hospital. She’s barely coherent, her eyes don’t focus on him properly anymore, she’s lost any coordination, and the insults she’s hurling at him and the world in general lack their usual razor bite.
Ok. Thats it. Mini-Bake Off. You. Me. Sachertorte.
He grabs his coat and slams the door behind him.
“The lodestone the villagers used to get here from 1918,” the old man answers.
“Can we skip the relationship talk? Yes, we had sex. Again. Yes, it was nice. Again.”
Everybody laughs, except John, who looks down at his shoes, an unreadable expression on his face.
He picks out a Dorothy Sayers he hasn’t read before, and settles into a comfortable chair to read.
“Charming.” John smiles at Sherlock’s dry tone. “Well, no time like the present, I suppose,” he says, darting a subtle glance at the window, and John grins, because he recognises a signal when he hears one.
But Sherlock
“I’d love a cupcake challenge.” Molly sighs and holds out her teacup to Janine for a refill.
Lestrade meets Sherlock’s eyes in the rearview mirror and smirks. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
The next morning, over breakfast, Sherlock insults John’s intelligence and his dress sense in under two minutes, and everything is back to normal.
“I’m clean. Now.” John hears the finality in Sherlock’s voice and doesn’t ask any follow-up questions.
“I know,” John whispers, kissing Sherlock lightly. “I know. Me too.”
He sits by her bed and watches her sleep. She’s so out of it that he can check her eyes, like he always does, for the first signs of jaundice.
“How’s the acetylsalicylic acid working?” Sherlock asks. “Did you make notes?”
They bake side by side in a comfortable, companionable silence, both obviously lost in their own thoughts and not minding one bit.
Sarah smiles, relieved. “Absolutely.”
Emma makes a face. “People don’t want to hear that, even if it’s the truth. Try ‘it sounded like fun’?”
Laughter all around, and then everybody leaves to get back to their bakes. Sherlock lingers and taps out a quick text.
Nobody but John suspects, but Sherlock does have a conscience. He would never kill if he could avoid it. He would never harm another person just for the fun of it. Not necessarily because he considers himself a good person, but because he knows that if he went bad, he would go quite spectacularly bad. If he ever crossed that line where killing is as easy as it is for Mycroft, who kills with an order, a look, a wave of his hand, a phone call, if he ever let himself regard this last threshold as meaningless, there would be no limit to what he would be capable of.
“So what do we do now? What if Billy’s right and the Gate isn’t really closed?”
A third finger, and Sherlock is a writhing, squirming mess of nerve endings. His cock is painfully hard and leaking, and he just wants
John closes his eyes for a moment, trying to summon some patience. “Has it occurred to you, in your genius brain, that I’m your friend and I worry about your well-being?”
it take for you to trust Harry again?” Sherlock asks, glad of the darkness, glad that they’re walking side by side so he doesn’t have to look at John.
It’s the last time he brings it up.
Sherlock snorts. “Obviously.”
The face smiles back, but it’s dulled by something. Worry, maybe, Sherlock thinks. Yes, that’s the word. Worry.
When he was Away, he’d talk to John. He didn’t realise quite how extensively he’d integrated John into his Mind Palace, but when he’d wandered around in there, he’d meet John everywhere. In the library, reading out some pertinent medical facts. On the roof, pointing at constellations Sherlock thought he’d long since deleted. In the deep vault of Sherlock’s fears and darkest thoughts, lighting a flame, warm and cozy like the Baker Street fireplace. Sitting in his chair in 221B while Sherlock talked about his latest assignment, listening, asking intelligent questions. Breathing.
The phone beeps with another text from Mycroft.
Sherlock is absolutely sure the last one is John’s. He couldn’t say how he knows, but it’s obvious. It’s a sticky toffee cake, and it’s immediate perfection.
“I don’t have your number,” Sherlock says dumbly, like he can’t move before John gives him his number. His entire awareness has narrowed down to John’s hand on his arm and how insanely good it feels to be touched.
Then he leans down at the same time as Sherlock pulls him in, and as their lips meet, Sherlock feels the last of the lonely sociopath persona he so carefully constructed for himself shrivel and die.
“Ladies and gentlemen!”
“Since....” Sherlock makes a gesture between them. “You know.”
John Watson is no longer his friend.
There was a series of realisations, after that, one worse than the other. That horrible homecoming, when he recognised just how badly he’d broken their ... - whatever it was they’d had. John’s wedding, making John’s absence from Baker Street final. Getting shot, any chance of a new equilibrium, gone. John suddenly there again, changing his bandages, helping him shower and dress and sometimes just being the one thing in the world he could hold on to when he was shaking himself apart from morphine withdrawal, knowing all the while that John would leave again.
Sherlock thinks of cigarettes at three in the morning, when even the visceral comfort of soft, warm dough under his hands can’t calm the racing thoughts in his skull, when even Locatelli or Bach or Paganini can’t soothe the savage hollowness behind his breastbone, thinks of walking Regent’s Park in the middle of the night to forage for rosehips, thinks of smoking a cigarette sitting on the edge of the roof of 221 Baker Street. “I do something slightly less stupid.”
“Nobody let us through, we just passed through on our own!” John yells back, terrified and angry. “You think we chose this? You think we want to be here, all alone, away from our families? All we want is to find a way back! And now our best chance is destroyed! Believe me, if I had any idea what's happening, I'd tell you.”
John nods, and he looks a bit disappointed, but not overly so. “Fair enough. So, breakfast?”
him. He opens his mouth again, but nothing comes out except a half-strangled, “Sherlock…”
“Absolutely,” Mrs Turner says, taking another bite of cake. John’s, Sherlock notices.
“Why wouldn’t he be? You are, after all, remarkably similar,” Mr. Musgrave says, sounding amused.
The killer opens the door, takes two steps out into the back yard, and John strikes with all his - very limited - strength. He was aiming for the head, but the killer turns at the last moment, so John’s blow lands square on the shoulder of his gun hand. The fire iron is heavy and has a nasty hook, and John can feel the impact reverberate back into his own shoulder.
Dusk is falling as they walk back into Temera. The Fey’a who brought them to the Midnight Queen none too gently deposit them back on the road to Temera, and made it clear that they are to stay out.
Sherlock takes a few steps towards him and smiles at him in a ‘there you are, I’ve missed you’ sort of way, and John can’t help himself: he pulls Sherlock in for a very public but very necessary kiss.
John looks up, surprised. “I was right? About what?”
Not sure what I did, but you’re welcome.
“How did we not know this is here?” John asks, checking his map. “It’s not on any of Mr. Musgrave’s maps.”
Sherlock nods, looking down at his hands resting on his knees. “Me too.” He lifts his gaze and gives John one of those razor-focused
“No,” Mr Chatterjee says, shaking his head. “I was meeting the plumber, there’s another water leak in 221C.”
“Sherlock,” John says gently, and Sherlock looks up from the microscope again, caution in every line of his body. “Say it.”
Slowly, sanity returns, and John draws back to look at Sherlock, torn between embarrassment and amusement. “Yeah, that was stupid.”
Sherlock swallows around the sudden lump in his throat. “Tolerable.”
By the time John is released from the hospital, Sherlock has taken up smoking again. On the first day back, John throws out his cigarettes, some moldy bread, the remains of Sherlock’s last experiment, untouched since John got injured, and the entire contents of their refrigerator. When Sherlock complains about the cigarettes, John gives him some biscuits to chew on and a twenty-minute rant about the many ways smoking kills.
The filo is crisp and browned perfectly, the filling is tasty. It’s a perfect bake, surely good enough to win on Sunday.
“I told you it would break,” Sherlock points out and Molly rolls her eyes.
“Think about it,” Molly says, gently. “I’ll go check on your friend.”
Sherlock glares at both of them. “I never had a high opinion of police intelligence, and you, Sergeant Donovan, unfortunately, confirm my worst fears. Miss Jones was clearly murdered after somebody hired her to steal that report.”
And now John is getting married, so he can’t even try to alter the variables so this time the outcome will be different.
And the thing is, he knows he should just get into his car and drive, but he can’t just let John sit there, waiting for a bus that might run twice a week.
He strips off his t-shirt and Sherlock watches greedily as John’s hand teases over a nipple, then his fingers follow the trail of hair leading to John’s groin. Sherlock loves tracing that trail with his tongue, loves the softness of John’s skin, the coarse hair against his tongue, the smell of John, arousal and sweat.
“Yes. What of it?”
Stop it, he tells himself. Don’t go down that road.
“Sort of, yes.”
“I see you’re using candied ginger as well?” Mrs Turner picks up a piece, but sets it back down when Sherlock glares at her.
John puts a cake in front of Sherlock, and it looks nice, white roll-out icing and blue flowers. Sherlock cuts the cake in half, and the inside is a nice chocolate sponge and two yellow circles that will show up in every slice. Sherlock tastes the cake. It’s light, chocolatey and fruity. “It’s not perfect, but I think it’s as close as you’ll get.”
John smiles. “Freckles,” he answers, touching his fingers gently to Sherlock’s nose.
Sherlock untangles his arm from his mother’s. “First of all, I hate film. And secondly, and more importantly, I’ve got a previous engagement, and I’ve already kept him waiting for six years. Have a good night.”
“Sherlock?”
Two hours later, they’ve done the first run-through, and Sherlock already knows this won’t be a challenge at all. The play is basically four people sitting in a living room and talking, so the blocking isn’t very complicated, and Sherlock knows all his lines. He could probably go on tonight and be good enough. But Lestrade and Moriarty chose the most boring interpretation of his character, a mistake Sherlock intends to rectify.
“No, but I need an unbiased opinion, and you two are the perfect test subjects.”
John’s head snaps up and he stares at Sherlock, incredulous. “How can you say that? She shot you!”
Lestrade clears his throat, and Sherlock whips his head around, annoyed at both the interruption and at Lestrade’s mere existence.
In a way, they’re perfectly matched. She’s clever and ruthless, but not completely without any moral compass whatsoever. She’d keep him on his toes, always scheming and crossing and double-crossing, adventure and crime, yes, but high-stakes, victimless, bloodless, high-gain, a constant balancing act between just far enough and too far. Never bored. Never settling for anything less than the best he can do.
A short silence falls, and Sherlock becomes aware that everybody is looking at him. Molly’s near tears. “Oh, thank you, Sherlock,” she says, and takes an abortive step towards him, but seems to think better of it.
“What?” he answers automatically, swatting at the hands shaking him awake.
The questions were easy to answer: Yes. And he’d rather take a bullet to the brain than endure John’s death.
John steps closer to her and holds up his hands so she can see he isn’t about to touch her. “Kitty,” he says, gently, quietly. “I’m John. I was born in North London in 1929. Sherlock and I came here over three years ago.”
“Are you now?” John asks huskily, his eyes going dark.
Sherlock huffs a laugh and smiles, a private little smile that tugs at John’s lips for an answer. For a moment, they look at each other, and John feels suffused with warmth and a deep sense of contentment.
“Of course,” Sherlock says. “Do you need me to drive you?”
September 23rd, 11:45 pm
“Well, obviously,” Sherlock says, rolling his eyes, and John laughs.
Billy nods at John, arms crossed over his chest. “You said there’d be food.”
Sometimes, though, the constant noise in his mind becomes too much for him to bear, and he wishes he could turn his thoughts off like normal people seem to be able to do. Sometimes, he wishes for sleep.
John blushes a bit, but apparently decides he might as well continue as he’s come so far and says, “I’ve got neither, Mrs Hudson.”
They’re looking at each other for a moment, and then they both burst out laughing, and Sherlock feels something inside of him unspool as John reaches for him and kisses the laugh from his lips, and Sherlock wonders whether this is what being in love feels like, before John wipes all thought from him again.
“It explains absolutely nothing. Now leave,” Sherlock bites out.
The room smells of cinnamon and softening pears, and Sherlock is no longer cold. While the fruit cooks, he opens the door to the cafe area of the property, and looks out at the dusty tables, the peeling paint, the dilapidated chairs, the ancient bar with the cracked glass. He thinks of what this place could be, with a bit of care, with a bit of work, with a bit of money.
“Magnussen.”
“I’m a chemist. Baking is chemistry.”
Sherlock shrugs. “My mother is a mathematician and my father is rarely home in time for dinner. Food was a secondary consideration for the entire family. My parents fed us regularly, but neither of them cared much about cooking, or baking. The only person in our house who could cook was my nanny. She used to let me help her with baking. Sticky toffee pudding was my favourite recipe of hers. We often had dessert for dinner when she was alone with us children, when my parents were away. She’s mostly to blame for my brother’s sweet tooth, I suppose.”
Sherlock watches him covertly, trying not to seem too obvious about it. He spent all of yesterday evening pacing his kitchen, waiting for… something. For John to come back, for John to contact him in some way. And at the same time as he was checking his phone every five minutes, he was cursing his own stupidity for letting himself care about his casual shag’s sister’s health. Finally, he broke and sent a two word text.
@thescienceofbaking
He gets off Sherlock and goes into the bathroom. Sherlock does as he’s told, shedding the rest of his clothing, all the while wondering what John is doing. When John comes back, he’s equally naked and hiding something behind his back.
“Shit,” John mutters.
“One of our ancestors dropped the original when they went through the Gate. It's been lost for centuries. The one here is a replica.”
The car door opens. Sherlock starts a little, but John doesn’t stir, and Sherlock is both relieved and slightly embarrassed.
Understatement.
Mrs Hudson has died, John inherited the house, sold it, moved away, nobody knows where. The house was razed and there’s an ugly high rise there now, with ugly, modern apartments, huge windows, posh. Hateful, soulless. Cold. Lonely.
Billy glances from the corpse to Sherlock to John. John tries to look unconcerned, but by Billy’s smirk he knows he’s unsuccessful at hiding his tension.
Irene grins at him, saucy and indecent, like a cat that got the canary. “Don’t think my girlfriend would like that too much. But if you ever do find out, feel free to share.”
Sherlock winds his fingers through John’s hair and pulls his head back to look at him. “How are you still here?” Sherlock asks, amazed, awed, and not a little terrified.
He opens his eyes. John is standing by the workstation and unpacks. He looks over at Sherlock and smiles, lifting his tea in wordless thanks.
And he made so many with John. Giving into that strange magnetic pull between them. Then coming back for more after that first time. Inviting John into his kitchen. His sitting room, his bed, his YouTube channel, his life. His heart.
Sherlock comes home to Baker Street after 688 days, and John is gone.
“You’re not angry with me.”
Sherlock grins into John’s shoulder. John’s post-coital voice is divine, deep and rough, and his vocabulary during and after sex is delightfully flithy.
John’s smile is more genuinely amused, now. “Tried that. What do you do when baking doesn’t work?”
It’s hours later, and John is still sitting in a chair by Sherlock’s bed, waiting for him to wake up. He’s read every newspaper he could find in the entire hospital and he’s bored out of his skull.
Sherlock pulls it up and starts reading.
This John now is a friendly stranger who looks vaguely like somebody Sherlock once knew. The visible annoyance at Irene is the first crack in the facade. And it takes every ounce of self-restraint Sherlock has not to play it up just to goad a reaction out of John.
“The man who killed John’s pretenses of heterosexuality,” Mary answers, looping an arm around John’s shoulders and giving him an affectionate squeeze. He catches Mary exchanging a look with Molly, the only crew member around long enough to actually remember the episode. Molly subtly shakes her head, and Mary grimaces. “Sorry.”
Sherlock looks stunned when he gazes up at John. “You really think so?”
Sherlock is kissing him.
Sherlock swallows, at a complete loss for words. This has never happened to him before. He usually has a million things to say. He does now as well, but he has no idea where to start.
It’s instantly clear to him that he will never, ever, talk about this.
John is scraping the insides of a vanilla pod into the milk, and the smell of vanilla and saffron makes Sherlock’s stomach growl, reminding him that he hasn’t eaten since a very early breakfast.
The violin is better, but though the music keeps the silence at bay, when he stops playing it comes back full force, somehow even louder than before.
Molly shakes her head. “But it won’t hurt any less, I’m afraid.”
“Boring.” Sherlock dismisses John’s patients with a wave of his hand. “Want to come with me to visit Wiggins?”
Billy’s nowhere to be seen when John arrives at the museum just in time to take over
“Punschkrapfen.” John holds up his mobile and shows a picture. From what Sherlock can see, there’s a lot of pink.
“In other words, you did it for the same reason people are usually nice to each other,” John says, and there’s a note of fond amusement in his voice that makes Sherlock feel ever so slightly stupid. John is the only person who can make Sherlock feel stupid and who Sherlock doesn’t resent for it.
“Welcome back, bakers. Only two weeks to go before the grand finale.”
There’s a noise from somewhere, and Sherlock looks up and stares directly into John’s wide, shocked eyes.
He closes his eyes and lets himself sink into a deep sense of wellbeing as the familiar smells and sounds of 221B saturate him with contentment. In moments like this, between sleeping and waking, he can admit to himself that this place feels like home to him in a way that other places he’s lived in just never have. His childhood home was unpredictable, depending on his dad’s mood and state of sobriety and his mum’s state of health. He remembers feeling content there as well, but the place didn’t wrap around him like a soothing cocoon the way 221B does.
Don’t serve them with breadcrumbs, mix poppy seeds with icing sugar, warm them up in a pan with a bit of butter, coat the Powidltascherln with it, drench in melted butter, die happy.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling. “Can we go now?” he asks, trying for annoyed but failing somewhat. “You’re the one who always goes on about how you need to sleep and how I’m a bastard for waking you up at three in the morning.”
“When did you finally decide to get your eyesight checked?” Sherlock rushes out to prevent John from saying whatever it is he was going to say. Sherlock’s one hundred percent sure that it wasn’t
“Sherlock?”
“Try this,” Sherlock finally says, holding the mince pie out to John.
Sherlock doesn’t allow himself to think about what he does next. All he knows is that he doesn’t want John to leave. So he gets up and grabs John’s wrist.
For a moment, they just look at each other quietly, and Sherlock feels at once enormously privileged and intimidated by John’s raw honesty. “You definitely shouldn’t say that on telly.”
He’s lying on the couch in the dark, fingers steepled under his chin, eyes closed to visualise the choreography better, when John comes in.
John follows him, watching him stack his boxes in his boot for several moments. “You know, snogging me into the wall and giving me an impressive cold shoulder not 24 hours later is the sort of thing that might confuse a chap somewhat.”
He sits down, watching over Sherlock’s sleep in the same way he watches over his friend’s life. With the dawn he lets Sherlock’s even breaths lull him into a doze.
“How’s Holmes?” Mike calls after him. “Still an arsehole?”
Then he plays. He plays for London, tells his city where he was and what he did, what he's lost and what he's gained. The wounds on his back ache a bit, but they’re bearable. Everything is bearable within the walls of 221B.
“Good point.” Sherlock hands it over and John checks whether the safety is on. It is, thankfully.
He opens the door to Speedy’s, and the familiar dinging of the bell over the door echoes through the empty room.
Surprised, Sherlock puts down the pipette he was still holding. “What happened?”
he thinks.
As they step under the trees, a hush falls. Birdsong stops mid-note, the sounds of wind and small animals rustling in the bushes ceases.
It read
he thinks but doesn’t say.
John frowns, confused. “What do you mean, and? He kissed me. He, a boy, kissed me, also a boy.”
“Aw, Sherlock, you softie,” Janine teases him, nudging his elbow.
Tonight, he doesn’t pay attention to where he’s going at all.
Sherlock thanks him with a nod, but doesn’t turn around. He starts playing again, and it’s the usual distracted, absent fiddling John is used to. There’s something definitely off about Sherlock, but he has no idea what it might be.
No, Sherlock asks him to come. Sherlock wants him there with him.
Then Jim grins, and it’s not a pleasant sight.
Sherlock has no idea what time it is. It must be well after midnight. They left Scotland Yard around nine pm, and they’ve been sitting in the back of Lestrade’s car, waiting for their murder suspect to show up, for at least three hours.
“You’ll answer?” Sherlock  asks, voice barely audible.
Startled, Kitty nods. “How did you know?”
“Food colouring?”
Sarah laughs, and on an impulse, John leans over and gives her a peck on the cheek. She turns to him and smiles, bright and lovely, and John feels like he’s glowing from the inside out.
“Sherlock, what are you doing?”
Molly huffs a laugh. "He's been a bit off lately, don't you think?" she asks, fetching the bandages from a drawer.
John laughs so hard the laptop almost falls from the bed. "God I love you," he pants between helpless bursts of giggles.
“And you invaded Afghanistan,” he says, and John laughs some more, body tipping forward until he leans against Sherlock.
John grins directly into the camera. “I’m not sure if I want to risk alienating half the nation, but, well, skon.”
Everybody laughs, and Molly continues, “So I had to call, I don’t know, five or six pet stores. Same story. Finally I gave in and bought one.”
“Then hold bloody still while I clean this up and determine whether you need any bloody stitches.”
There’s one thing Sherlock knows about himself: He can’t do this. Not as long as he’s not entirely sure that he can be trusted with John’s heart.
Aloud he says, “I’m really quite done with this.”
Sherlock frowns. “This isn’t your problem. I can handle it.”
Sherlock swallows, dimly aware that John is calling beginners, and they’re all going on stage to take their places. The house lights dim, the curtain lifts, and they’re on.
“Yes, quite, your ability to cook dead animals together with root vegetables is nothing if not legendary.. ow!”
He falls asleep after the first chapter, and only wakes with the dinner bell.
Tonight it doesn’t.
Sherlock’s voice is so weak John isn’t sure he’s actually heard it for a moment, exhaustion blurring the lines between reality and imagination.
The block of flats is painted a brownish grey. A few lightbulbs supposed to be illuminating door numbers have burnt out. The staircase smells vaguely of frying oil and old cigarette smoke.
Sherlock shrugs. “Nobody in my family bakes. My parents always bought a cake, and it was rarely the same cake two years in a row.”
“And you disagree, I take it.”
Next morning, he avoids breakfast and succumbs to the temptation and has a cigarette instead, sitting outside on the steps for a moment, going through all the stages of his bake in his mind.
Sherlock has been waiting for the courage to say these words for a long time. He’s getting tired of waiting.
“He told me my drunk brother was going to get a divorce.”
Irene’s doing vocal exercises, and Adriana’s doing a few yoga stretches in the kitchen.
Sherlock acknowledges the point with a grimace. "What now?"
Sent: 6:11 am
John doesn’t answer for a moment, staring into his tea, thinking of that Christmas Day at Sherlock’s parents’, and Magnussen, and that bloody plane, and how all the while he had felt like there was a weight pressing down on him, and another pressing up, and that he was going to be crushed in-between. The rock and the hard place. Forgive his wife, try to make a family with her, with Rosie. Or not forgive her, and take the risk of her just vanishing into thin air, taking his daughter with her.
Good night
“See, this is where I can tell you’re just a stupid, arrogant little posh boy. I’m still alive because I know how to keep my mouth shut.” He grins again, a highly unpleasant sight. “Doesn’t mean we can’t have a little fun, though.”
Finally, they’re both too tired to go on. They’re in a small clearing with a cheerful little brook gurgling alongside, so they decide to rest here for a little while. Sherlock had stolen them a loaf of bread from Mrs Hudson’s kitchen, and they eat most of it, washing it down with the water from the brook.
John nods. “He could recite every part he’s ever had word-perfectly, back to primary school nativity plays. But he won’t do it, he’s been in New York for six years, he won’t come back for something he’s done before. You know how he is. He never does anything twice.”
Sherlock hums in agreement.
“We think? Or Sherlock thinks?”
His question is greeted with headshakes all around and somewhat horrified expressions.
John is doing something with yeast dough, poppy seeds and a thick, almost paste-like jam.
“I wouldn’t say anyone knows much about the Fey’a, dear,” Mrs Hudson answers. “Or the ones who live in the Forest, at least. The ones in the city are mostly like everybody else. Why do you ask?”
To all of their surprise, it’s Molly who breaks the silence. “Sod off, Jim. You’re just jealous that we’re all outbaking you,” she says, voice dripping with nonchalant disdain.
“Good idea.” He smiles at Irene and lets his eyes drop ever so slightly towards her  ample and very attractive cleavage. “Like this?”
“I think that whoever wins will deserve it, and I’ll be happy with any outcome the judges will deliver. It’s been a joy to bake with these people, and I think I’ve found some friends for life here.”
“So, Sherlock, you won.”
Objectively speaking, John is nothing special. No one characteristic sets him apart. He’s neither especially good-looking nor brilliant nor talented. He is, in fact, a washed-out army doctor with a bad shoulder and a psychosomatic limp. John provides nothing that Sherlock can’t get somewhere else. The fact that he doesn’t want to get it anywhere else right now is irrelevant, it’s more about convenience than anything else. Why would he go anywhere else to scratch an obvious itch if John is right there, willing and extremely competent?
It probably is.
John gives him a smug smile that lasts for exactly as long as it takes for him to sit upright. He makes it two steps before Sherlock has to all but catch him and carry him back to bed.
John nods, relieved. “Yes, we are. We're children, and we're lost. I'm John Watson, this is Sherlock Holmes. Please help us.”
Sometimes, when even he is stumped, when even he is out of his depth, when there is something going on that even he can’t understand, when there’s a piece of the puzzle he
Sherlock ignores the question and finishes unplugging the fridge and exchanges it with the unit from his work station, and plugs it back in. He then rolls the now unplugged fridge to his work station.
John looks at him from the side, and the smile he gives Sherlock is both fond and understanding. “It looked like you needed some fresh air.”
John sighs. “This is my home, Sherlock. These people are my family.”
Kitty shrugs. “Seemed Irish. Brown hair. About your height.” She gestures at John. “Goes by Moran.”
glare.
Irene’s pronouncement is met with audible groans.
She dumps the enormous binder she’s carrying onto the rickety coffee table and flips it open. Then she holds up two samples of napkins. “Linen or silk, what do you think?”
Moriarty glares at him and flounces out.
Something clicks in John's head. “Are you her boyfriend?”
It’s night. Sherlock enters the building through the back windows of 221C. He climbs the stairs as quietly as possible. He lingers for a few moments at their door, presses his hands to the wood as if he could feel the buildings’ heartbeat under his palms.
John looks at him for a long time, then he nods, just once, but somehow the finality of the gesture makes Sherlock equally sad and relieved.
John doesn’t answer, doesn’t turn around. He thinks Sherlock deserves a little silent treatment. He feels Sherlock shift a little against his back.
The showstopper theme is ‘Your Family’s Favourite Cake’ and Sherlock had a hard time figuring out what to do for this one, because Mummy and Father don’t like sweets, and Mycroft will eat anything Sherlock sets in front of him. So he decided to let the group of homeless people who always eat his leftover bakes decide, and they settled on beetroot chocolate cake with a liquid center.
“Dunno. Nine, maybe?”
Stunned, John shakes his head. “I think that’s quite enough.” He swallows.
Mike looks away first. “I’m trying, John.”
John shares a look with Sherlock, and he knows they’re thinking the same thing. “That friend have a name?"
Sherlock nods, at a loss for words again.
The hair starts rising on the back of John’s neck and his arms, and the almost-humming gets more intense, to the point where it almost hurts his ears.
So that’s how Sherlock sees them. A mistake. It shouldn’t hurt this much after all this time, but it does.
“A tunnel between two points in space-time.”
John jerks awake. Mary’s standing next to him, fondly amused. “We’re done for today.”
“How do you feel?” he asks.
So Sherlock says very little, but he’s aware that John is watching him quite a lot, eyes flicking over to Sherlock and then away again several times. He’s also aware of a low-level interest in all of their interactions from the rest of the table, especially John’s sister and Mary. Every time John and Sherlock speak to each other - and they’re only exchanging the most inane comments - heads noticeably turn and everyone is trying to parse what exactly is going on between them. Because even a week ago, they would probably have arrived at this thing together, and Sherlock would be sitting too close to John, and John would probably have a casually possessive hand on Sherlock’s thigh. But now there’s a palpable distance between them, and even though Sherlock knows why it’s there, and that it’s entirely his fault, it’s still highly unpleasant, and he would give nearly everything to be sitting too close to John and to feel his fingers dig into Sherlock’s thigh. But Sherlock knows that if he wants that, he has to take everything, the good nights and the bad, a bed that contains nightmares as well as sex, the strings attached, the commitment as well as the intimacy, the ugly fights as well as the sleepy mornings. He isn’t remotely ready for that, and he very much doubts that John will just wait around for him until he is.
Sherlock snorts a laugh. “Fair enough. Now will you move before Mrs Hudson calls us down for breakfast?”
They spent the day on Hampstead Heath with Rosie. It was hot, and John slathered all of them with sunscreen, against both Rosie’s and Sherlock’s vocal protest, which John ignored with his usual stubborn equanimity.
Five inches.
Then he checks his emails. Notifications of comments on his latest YouTube video on the properties of different types of sugar, melting points, reactions, colour and taste. Six more Instagram followers. No interaction on his blog. A bit disappointing, but not unusual. People find it easier to follow a video or like a picture than seriously exercising what little wit they have to really understand the chemistry behind baking. An email from Irene Adler.
“Yours is the only family where leaving the stage for a respectable career would be considered an act of rebellion,” John says, fondly amused, and Sherlock feels the warmth of it down to his toes.
“Linzer torte, tricky,” Moran says. “It’s very difficult not to get it too dry.”
“You need to do lots of playing.” Nathan nodded.  “I like to pop in my vibrator and just chill for an hour. I need the time for my mind just to chill enough to feel them roll.  I think you’d enjoy them, Colin.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Oh, and you'll either be pleased or horrified to know that I've started on a follow-up to this fic in the past few days.  o.O
“Yes, she must. No babysitters today. Rosie comes first. SH”
, you will call me.”
“We’ve no further questions, officer.  Thank you for your time.”   Sherlock swept out of the room. He heard John follow him.  As they walked back into the main room, Sherlock noted Charles Langridge talking to Lestrade.
“And you’re not, Mr-more-John-more.”
John looked at the watchers.  A stranger took the last space on the sofa. “Nope,” John replied.  “Lestrade?”  He nodded towards the new arrival.
John blushed.  The blog post was embarrassing.  Everyone knew more than he’d wanted.  “I need time to think.”
Sherlock walked into the bathroom and took his place sat on the closed loo lid. John put the light on and retrieved the kit from under the sink.
“Not that we know of.  It is possible that Daniels visited Liverson in Milton Keynes for his services, but we can’t be sure.”
.  A moment of paradise in a world full of longing. The man looked up.  John squeezed his eyes shut quickly.
“Okay.” Ian had three fingers in his backside.
“Nothing, John. In fact, we’ve had a breakthrough on the case.”
“I bought you a present,” she’d said, and pulled a box from the bag. From out of that box, Mary pulled a thick, red dildo with a flared base.
I love you and I know it would kill you if I died to save your life.  I won’t jump in front of a bullet for you because I have a daughter who wants to see her dad again. But I will do everything in my power to stop someone raising a firearm at either of us. So, as I said, fucking fuck off.”
There was something in the tone that made Sherlock laugh.  He tried to keep his tongue in place, but the laughter grew and spread.  John seemed to catch on and then they were both scrunched together in the cooling water as they laughed and laughed.   When the giggles petered out, John pulled Sherlock forward into messy a kiss.
“Is my child in trouble?” John asked.  “That’s all I need to know right now.”
Mycroft looked a little pale.  Sherlock knew damn well that Mycroft rather liked Lestrade.  He would even grudgingly admit that they were connected because they both cared for Sherlock.  Even though Sherlock could interrupt, the truth was that Mycroft had kept Tyler being a Europol agent quiet from them too.  As a result, he was happy to sit back and watch Lestrade rip Mycroft a new backside.
“Tired.” John nestled his head against Sherlock’s shoulder and closed his eyes. In seconds, his breaths had evened into little huffy snores. Sherlock pushed up his hips experimentally. “Sore.” John moaned. “No more.”
“Last time I let you do a urine test in private, I discovered that you had a bottle of someone else’s urine you use for these occasions. You’re doing this test in my presence.”
Sherlock used John’s leg as leverage and, once and for all, ditched any ideas of John being in any way fragile. His hips seemed to know the right tempo and dragged both Sherlock and John with them in tight, hot, pleasure. Sherlock’s thighs burned and the bed made a hell of a racket, but he couldn’t stop for the world.
“Me too, me too.” Sherlock’s knot was rapidly thickening again and stopping him from thrusting as he had before. He rocked against John, each breath a whimper.
“As long as you’ll tell me if you’re in pain, we’ll do that. But no gritting your teeth and baring it if anything hurts,” John said. “Or if it’s bad.”
“Come on,” John lifted his arm for Sherlock to cuddle up, head rested on his uninjured shoulder.
“In a way, I’ve sort of missed this,” John replied.  “I love you in all your moods, but there was a part of me that was worried that you were going to try and be perfect forever.  I remember doing it when I was with my first few girlfriends. It never works. It’s your only tell, in a way. I could almost believe you’ve been dating for the past twenty or so years if you weren’t trying so hard to be so fucking wonderful.  It’s nice to have you back, even if you are an arse.”
“Fuck.” Sherlock was immediately louder. John barely managed to keep his hand around Sherlock’s cock because his body bucked so wildly.  “Oh, oh, oh.” Sherlock pulled John up and over his body. John slipped his hand between them and pulled and stroked Sherlock’s cock and balls.  “Not going to last long,” Sherlock murmured as he clutched John’s body to him.
“What about Cox, then?”
“No. No kissing, no biting, no marks.” Sherlock had pushed Ian’s coat off his shoulders. “Follow me,” he said and then led Ian upstairs to John’s old bedroom. Sherlock had stripped Ian of his t-shirt, his jeans, socks and shoes, then pulled off his underpants. “Prepare yourself.” He’d thrown a bottle of lube on the bed. “I’ll get condoms.”
“Where’s your vibrator?”  Sherlock asked.   He moved John’s trashy novel aside and found the toy.
“Thought I had a direct debit.” Sherlock’s body still shuddered with aftershocks.
“Cox owed Candlar money. That may have come from Daniels too. What about connections to Sodium Oxybate? Molly texted me earlier to tell me that the Sodium Oxybate used in the GHB distributed by Bouchard was of medical grade.”
“Can you help me out?” Sherlock asked. He had just one eye open, the other was hidden behind a bubbly eye-patch.
“Ten years,” Candlar replied. “I’ve wanted to be a member since well before that, though. Do you know the history?”
“I think we both know better than to have sex high or to do anything else that would put each other at risk, don’t we Aaron?” John made the last few words very loud and turned to look at Sherlock, who gave him a tight-lipped smile. He still wasn’t entirely sure whether he was having an anaphylactic reaction.
“Good,” John said. “Very good.”
“Who is this? SH”
“I’m a busy man, Sherlock. I am not a childminder. Mycroft.”
“Thanks,” Lestrade replied. “I think.”
The cash collection went without a hitch, the whole episode was painless, professional and perfectly arranged.  The same could not be said for what followed.
“Thank you,” John replied.  “I appreciate that.”
“Fucking hell, Sherlock.” John stroked Sherlock’s hair with unsteady fingers and looked down at him.  “I’m supposed to be taking the lead.”  Sherlock sucked more of John’s cock into his mouth. His tongue flicked over the glans and down, around the rim and frænulum.  He let John’s cock slide free of his mouth.
“What if he’s as miserable as you? What if he wants you too? Do you want to cause him that pain?”
“How many times do I need to tell you?” Murphy banged his palms against the table. “I really didn’t know Jason, and I went with Brandon because he and I got on. I never did the fuck-pit thing and I wasn’t interested in drugs.”
“That’s what the chair is trying to do for you.” Sherlock’s mouth twitched at the corner, but not into a smile.
Rosie had begun to cry. It was almost beautiful to see her so fretful. It shouldn’t be, but it was. She was loudly, gloriously, alive and breathing.
Sherlock inwardly sagged. John trusted him. He lusted after him, but it was Sherlock’s friendship that was most important. Of course. It was sweet, in its own way.
“Your mouth is saying stop, Dr Watson,” Sherlock said.  His head tilted back and his eyelids fluttered.  “But your hands are saying something else entirely.”
“Fine.” Sherlock wobbled to his legs. He found himself to be wearing pants and, for some reason, a pair of green fluffy socks. Sherlock weaved his way to the bathroom, had a wee, brushed his teeth, and then attempted to find the kitchen. There was an abundance of groceries on the table. Mrs Hudson had clearly stocked up in light of John’s heat. After Sherlock had dropped two tea bags in the toaster and struggled to shove slices of bread into mugs, John smacked his arse.
“Feel free to tell me while I work on my technique,” John said before his mouth, amazingly, blissfully, closed over the head of Sherlock’s cock and sucked, sucked, sucked.
“Come here, I want to undress you.”
“Ready-made cottage,” Lestrade murmured.  “Nice.”
Sherlock reappeared.  “Are we getting up now or not?  I thought I might make tea. Would you like a bacon sandwich?  I can start washing Rosie’s fruit as well.”
“Have you an EpiPen?”
“Hang on,” Piero said. “You are John.” He pointed at John.  “You are Sherlock.” He pointed to Sherlock.  “Oh my God, you two are even more strange than Fabby said.”
“Have you ever had sex with someone in heat before, Sherlock?” John asked. He sat back in his chair and took a quick sip of tea before he continued, “It’s quite an intoxicating experience. I mean, you’re right that your self-control was what made me think of you. But, all the same, it’s going to need some degree of experience, I suppose.”
“I don’t want to hurt you.”
John ran for the stairs and started to run, down, down, across the corridors, push people out of the way and down, down, then across the corridors,
Sherlock looked at Rosie. Her swollen lips were tinged with blue.
“If you say that was rubbish,” John said. “I may have to thump you.”
John looked up from his notebook.  He resisted the urge to look uncomfortable, to feel uncomfortable. He stretched his neck.  “£190.00 an hour.”
“I’m a professional, y’know?” Reid said.  “You n’er know when you might need a hard-on in a fight.”
Proofing for this comes care of LockedinJohnlock and her work is much appreciated. Needless to say, remaining errors are purely my mistake.
The night air was bright in comparison to the darkness of the blackout room.  Sherlock blinked until his eyes adjusted and followed the pale, but rather nice, backside of Jamie Reid down the metal steps.  One flight below, Reid and Murphy had just reached a flat landing Reid leapt at Murphy and, when Sherlock reached them, Reid lay splayed over Murphy.
“I thought that until I looked him up last night. Did you know that Mark Tyler is married to Lesley Shaw, the woman who owns Larkins?”
Fabian stroked John’s back.  “I miss you, Jean,” he said.  “You have very powerful buttocks.”
“Fuck me, that felt amazing. Like it was never going to end.” John gripped the sides of the bath and bore down. The last vestiges of Sherlock’s ejaculate dribbled down John’s leg.
“Good, good.” John circled his hips but, at one spot, they stuttered to a stop. “There,” John said. “There.”
“About my heat, you twerp.”
Sherlock thought his lips tingled. His tongue felt fat in his mouth. His pulse was running at about 90bpm, which was high for him; cigarettes and caffeine notwithstanding. That seemed odd, he thought anaphylaxis would lower heart rate… Maybe it was the aneurysm.
Sherlock sighed and stood up.  “Okay, okay.”
Sherlock climbed out of bed.  His thighs trembled as he fought with his pyjama trousers and pulled them, back to front, up his legs.   Sherlock grabbed a handful of tissues, mopped his chest and reached for his dressing gown.  He threw it on, tied it, turned and was greeted by the smiling face of John Hamish Watson.
“The doctor is not going near the damn Frenchman alone. SH”
“I’ll go have a shower, shall I?”
Without warning, the film screen flickered to life behind them.  The light above the bed pit came on.
John sat in bed for ten minutes. He waited to see if Sherlock returned.  When he didn’t, John got up and followed.  Sherlock was sitting in his chair, knees pulled up and his arms wrapped around them.
Sherlock’s chair tipped and rolled across the floor when he threw himself towards John, who crawled forward enough for Sherlock to slot behind him. “Bedroom?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock shook his head again.  “I want what you want.”
“Nice to know.” John wrapped his arm around Sherlock and tugged him close.  “Sleep.”
“Nothing, well not nothing.” Lestrade sounded hesitant and uncomfortable.  “Look, have you seen John’s blog post this morning?”
He brought his knees up, and began to stroke the insides of his thighs.  First with just his left hand, but quickly, his right joined.  He progressed from fingertips to fingernails, and his knees fell further open.  He tilted his head back and smiled as he felt the tingle begin in his belly.
“I say you’re mad.  I can’t write anymore, Mike.  You should find someone else.”
The need retreated.
“I’m going with him.”
Sherlock looked surprised at John’s voice.  “What?  No.  Not you, John.  I was talking to Rhys.  Please stop interrupting our conversation.”
“Fur. Brain.”  That didn’t sound right, but when he frowned up at Mycroft, he saw a brief smile.
Once out of earshot, she dialed her mobile again.
“Why do you take care of me like this?  The diversions to keep me from being bored, to keep me from traveling down the dark path, yes I know about Operation Bad Cop,” Sherlock smiled gently.
No masters or kings when the ritual begins
Only, O Lord, in thy dear love
John caught the movement, even as drunk as he was, and shouted  “No.  Oh pointy bird, oh pointy pointy.  You don’t get to help Lestrade Detective Inspector Lestrade.”
He bustled around, getting the kettle ready.  He absently pulled down two mugs, then a third, then stopped when the music did.  “Rhys?  Would you like a cuppa?”
***********************************************
“It usually isn’t.”
“Of course not!  We had the most interesting double homicide on Carnaby Street.  A shopowner was strangled with a pair of fishnet tights, and the shopgirl with a vintage Mary Quant miniskirt.  It was devilishly complex.”
Mummy has a protégé, a dashing, talented, posh young cellist. She holds a salon concert for him, which Sherlock and John attend.
“You wound me, you really do.  I come to you in a professional capacity…”
Sherlock was bored with it all.  Bored with the same old steps, bored with the same old music.  “Oh please come do Swan Lake!” as if he hadn’t done Swan Lake a hundred times.  Christmas?  Must be Nutcracker time.  Someone is mounting a new production of Romeo and Juliet?  How could it be any different from any of the thousands of other Romeo and Juliets ever danced? Do they live??
After the first verse though, Sherlock danced off behind a wall of umbrellas.  “Primark” John’s brain helpfully supplied.  Other dancers slid in from the wings, all holding umbrellas and dressed in black.  The music changed and the lighting rig lowered while the backdrop was raised.
“Why?”
“oohhh…” the man drawled.  “So that’s how this is going to be.  We’re playing good cop, bad cop now, eh?  Well Mate, your buddy Bad Cop better hurry.  Coz Sherlock Holmes might not be able to wait.  Do you think we were stupid enough to keep ‘im here?  You won’t find ‘im in time, Good Cop.”
Sarah spread her legs a little wider, and John moved to put his mouth on her ass.  He loved, LOVED tasting his partners, he loved running his tongue over skin and feeling muscles beneath his teeth.  He nipped and licked at Sarah’s ass cheeks until she began to moan and roll her hips.
As John listened to the words he wrote, he felt them in a new way.  It was like finding there was another dimension past 3D.  He could feel the music in his muscles, and his muscles demanded movement.  He reached out for Sherlock’s waist as they danced.
“I know. And that’s why I want you to think about it,” John said. “I know you’ve said yes, but I think we need to sit on the idea and talk about it. We’re not kids; we can be grown up and sensible about it.”
When John went to see his own GP, and he spoke about his concerns for Rosie growing up as an only child, she detailed his sexual past. As a youth, he’d taken suppressants until he was free of his father and his father’s parochial views on first and second genders. From there, he’d gone to Uni and his love affair with Beta girls, and the likelihood that they’d never get pregnant, had taken over. He kept on taking the suppressants. When his sister came out, John had pushed down his own desire for his own gender and became a creature of habit.
“That’s useful. Have you met the Queen?”
“Jiggy-jiggy,” John said with a smile.  “I could probably get a hard-on now.” He pushed against the sheets to expose himself.  Sherlock took a hasty step forward and held the bed clothes in place.
John’s hand dropped down between Sherlock’s legs and took his fully erect cock in his grasp. Sherlock looked down and watched John’s mouth and hand work on him. John caught his eye.  “Have I told you how fucking hot you are?” He scrambled to his knees and reached for Sherlock’s bedside table. Lube bottle in hand, he knelt back down on the bed between Sherlock’s legs.  John squeezed some of the liquid into his hand and reached back to prepare himself.
Sherlock grasped John’s hips and concentrated on fucking him with precise, careful strokes.  “Alright?” Sherlock asked. He wet his hand with slick from John’s thighs and tasted it. It was pure, liquid John; everything that he was, everything Sherlock needed. He wrapped his dripping fingers around John’s cock.
Mycroft’s men took less than an hour to collect Piero Fibonacci from New Scotland Yard.  Before he left, Piero texted Nathan Drake and promised not to mention him or the connection to Mark Tyler to Mycroft.
John moved his hand in time with his head up and down Sherlock’s cock. He hollowed his cheeks, sucking hard, for a dozen relentless strokes and then pulled away.  “That seems to be in order.” John’s voice sounded breathless and aroused, even to his own ears.
“I expect we could just ask someone to come and deal with it,” Sherlock said. “We can have fun in that enormous bath again.”
Sherlock took a piece of Victoria sponge and turned on his heel.  “Gotta let it be, babe,” he called as he left the office.
“Army guys were always hot too.” Nathan smiled at John.
“Lestrade!” he yelled.  “Do we know where the victim fell from on this landing?”
Sunday and Monday came and went.  Tuesday found John, Rosie and Harry sitting outside a café on Box Hill as they ate ice-creams.
“Shush, John,” Sherlock said. He took John’s jeans from him and stuffed them into an evidence bag.   “I’ve already spoken to Mycroft.”  He started to pull at John’s jumper. “Besides, this really is a very classy brothel as these things go.”
“Three.”
Sherlock tilted his head as if he’d not heard what John had said. “Excuse me?”
“Frustrated,” Sherlock replied. “And my nose is a bit sore.”
“Let go,” John whispered in response. Even though he was nowhere near hard himself, he writhed against Sherlock’s body and willed him to let pleasure take over.
Sherlock drew out his mobile. He’d phoned Mycroft when they entered the shop and let him listen throughout his and John’s exchange with the woman.  “Ready?” he asked his brother.
“I want you to fuck me. Hard. Make it hurt. Make me feel it.” Sherlock scrabbled for John’s belt but John’s smaller, stronger hands stopped him.
John smiled.  “Some not unpleasant twinges, yes.  I think I’ll pass on any heavy arse activity.”
John shook his head. “Enough, Sherlock.  I told you last night that I fell in love with you as you are.  The fact we’re having sex doesn’t change that. Rosie’s used to your temper. This is your home.  And we,” John said and gestured to himself and then Sherlock, “will fail unless you stop trying to be perfect.”
“That’s not an answer.”
John sat on the stretcher and the paramedic strapped him and Rosie in while Sherlock sorted himself out. All secure, the woman thumped the side of the van and they were off, blue lights flashing, sirens blaring.
Suddenly embarrassed, Sherlock had nodded. A lump formed in his throat and made him feel nauseated. “Do you want a shower?”
Romantic and sexual partners performed a variety of roles. Sherlock made a mental list.  Apart from sex, he already fulfilled many of them.  He enjoyed the time he spent with John and Rosie. He liked to make them both happy. He gave John the requisite level of danger consistent with his mental health needs.  The consultancy work provided for them financially to a sufficient extent, supplemented by John’s income as a locum.
Fabian’s mouth and chin glistened with saliva and his pink lips dropped open.   He wiped his mouth and nodded.
“How would I know him?” Sherlock peered at the name John pointed at.
Sherlock took his weight on his elbows, burrowed his forehead against John’s neck and quickened his movements. John’s cries shook with the speed of Sherlock’s thrusts and he came again. His release added to a growing pool of warmth between their bellies.
“The Englishman will not get into the Mercedes with the doctor and his daughter unless you ask nicely. SH”
“Fuck,” John whispered and opened his mouth a little wider. Sherlock took another two and a half strokes before he was coming and coming over John’s eager pink tongue, his lips, his teeth, his cheek. He’d barely finished when John was up and he was kissing Sherlock with sloppy arousal. Sherlock fell back on the bed. He could feel John wanking himself as he landed on top of him, and he wanted to be covered in John’s spunk.
“Where she always was, Johnny.  You can love more than one person at a time.  Besides, you cock, you fell in love with her pretty quick after Sherlock died. You didn’t worry about that, did you?”
Sherlock released an exhale he didn’t know he’d been holding in little bursts. Then he stopped breathing entirely. After several gasping moments, John dove towards him and landed between his knees.
“And you’re a human being with imperatives and drives befitting your first gender as a man and your second gender as an Omega,” Sherlock stated. “You know my work, John, and that all crimes are linked to some human emotion or another. Humans are both weak and strong and a hundred different contradictions. Today, your new bondmate had an accident mid-coitus and required professional help. That help included this place ensuring you could remain with me without anguish or pain. It really is that simple.”
“Fuck me, that was good.” John stroked Sherlock’s hair.  “Have I told you how much I like to have your cock in me?”
“Your only issue is hiding the dildo.  My advice would be to hoik it up.” Nathan stood and hitched up the harness as far as it would go. “Then you can tuck it up into your waistband.”
Both Murphy and the stranger were dressed in robes.  The stranger opened his and exposed his long, thick cock.  Murphy pressed a condom and tube of lube into his hand.  As soon as he was slicked up, he pushed into Reid’s body.  Sherlock went cold; the stranger had done nothing to prepare Reid and there was some discomfort in Reid’s expression. However, the pained look faded.  Sherlock expected that the men who worked at Langridge’s prepared themselves over the course of an evening.  It still left Sherlock chilled.
“Lots of lube, yeah?” the stranger requested.  Murphy pulled back and squeezed more lube on his cock.  With slippery hands, Murphy roughly fingered the stranger who moaned without embarrassment.
“Lestrade, you wanted me to question Mr Brioche?”  Sherlock clenched around his blushes like sediment turning to stone.
“Yes,” Sherlock withdrew a second EpiPen from his pocket.
Sherlock studied John’s face. There wasn’t a hint of irony or sarcasm. “I had sex with you for you and also for me. Is that okay?”
The doorbell rang.
John covered Sherlock’s cock with his mouth and fingers of one hand whilst he slipped the other down.  He tugged Sherlock’s balls a little, then behind to press against his perineum. Sherlock’s cock twitched in his mouth.
John’s blow job technique also seemed to rely a great deal on feeding as much of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth, choking and spitting it out, only to ram it back in again.
“This is a brothel, Mr Tyler, and most of the people here are customers just like you,” Sherlock said.  “I shouldn’t have to tell you that things like trafficking, money laundering, drug dealing and slavery are linked to prostitution and to brothels. Anyone, from the Marquês de Evora to ISIS could be linked to the men who work here. Therefore, you are in an environment in which you should be on your guard, not least because you could be found to be engaging in illegal activity yourself.  So, the question remains, did you check the bottle?”   Sherlock tilted his head.
“An inch or so?”
“Most people hate me.”
“Thanks.”
Sherlock disappeared off for a while. Indeed, Rosie was out of the bath, wrapped in a towel and sitting on the settee with John when Sherlock ran back upstairs.  The front door flew back on his hinges and Sherlock emerged, mobile in hand.
“Always.” In seconds, John’s fly was unzipped, and Sherlock slipped a hand inside. “John!” Sherlock opened his eyes wide in shock.
“Oh!” Sherlock’s head dropped back against the sofa.  He spread his legs but John’s mouth had gone.  When Sherlock opened his eyes, John brought the tip of his fake dick to his lips and licked the tip.   “Please,” Sherlock whispered because watching John Watson sucking a fake dick was delicious.
“Boring. I put my phone there, the person who changed the bedding put the mints there. I don’t know why. Still, my turn.” Sherlock grabbed lube and the slim dildo from the bedside table and plonked himself flat on his back on the bed. “Go on, then.”
